Summary
"Residential buy to let opportunity for any investor looking to earn 6% rental income. Affordable starting price from £200,000. A351"
"OFF MARKET BUILDINGS AVAILABLE, PRICES FROM £4,000,0000 - £13,000,000 WITH YIELDS FROM 7%."
"This exquisite 3 bed duplex apartment situated on the 50th and 51st floors of the East Tower spans over 3,220 sq ft of carefully created living space and boats spectacular far-reaching views over the city and beyond"
Wow.......Dunelm.........It truly is a hidden gem! Occupying a commanding yet concealed position just off the prestigious Chatsworth Road in Worsley. A simply outstanding detached family home which offers an abundance of space set over four floors. On a quiet no-through road from the moment you e...
"A beautifully presented block of four apartments and commercial unit. Internally there is a communal hallway for the four apartments, the commercial unit has its own entrance close to the popular Burton Road. The whole development has been finished to an exceptionally high standard and would be a..."
"Mr Investa are pleased to present this impressive and substantial investment opportunity to acquire 18 units within a popular and consistently fully occupied development producing £117,000 per annum amongst 1 bedroom and 2 bedroom well proportioned apartments. Option to split the 18 units into sm..."
"Best In class triplex apartment, in the highly exclusive Beetham Tower."
"Exclusive three double bedroom apartment in the heart of Spinningfields. Completely one of a kind with two parking spaces, this is not one to miss."
"A TRULY MAGNIFICENT double fronted Edwardian family residence offering extensive, perfectly balanced accommodation covering FOUR FLOORS, extending to a considerable 4472 sq ft. This spectacular home is located on one of Didsbury's most sought after private tree-lined roads and is within strolling..."
"**RARE RESIDENTIAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** Wycombe House comprises a well configured period semi-detached property of traditional brick construction under a pitched roof and converted into 8 individual apartments arranged over basement, ground and two upper floors. The property was compressive..."
"A substantial, detached family home with easy potential to become 4/5 bedrooms. Located in a highly desirable area amongst substantial grounds, with a further detached large barn, ample parking within a gated setting and excellent potential development scope. This property is an outstanding and..."
"A simply stunning detached residence of the highest standard boasting approximately **4500 sq ft** of accommodation including six bedrooms, three ensuite shower rooms and an impressive open plan kitchen/living space. Set behind electric gates and well set back from the road there ..."
An incredible opportunity to purchase the sole Penthouse apartment in this stunning and exciting City Centre development. This stunning 3 bedroom duplex apartment will be a truly outstanding example of its type and has state of the art facilities and amenities both onsite and nearby.
"A gorgeous three-bedroom, two bath penthouse apartment perched on the top of Leftbank. Situated in a fantastic location with enviable views over the City, this is the perfect Pied a Terre."
"Properties like this really don’t come along very often! We are delighted to bring this spectacularly impressive, detached family home to the market. Set in a much sought after, private cul-de-sac location. This forever home exhibits tasteful decoration together with quality fixtures and..."
"A truly outstanding, locally iconic, executive detached 5 bedroom family home. Bespoke design, contemporary styling and modern technology combine to create a genuinely exceptional property. Unique and inspiring, this is certainly an aspirational property and one for which, viewing is most highl..."
"A magnificent DETACHED RESIDENCE offering over 3500 sqft of wonderfully proportioned living space OVER 3 FLOORS, set behind ELECTRIC GATES with a DELIGHTFUL REAR GARDEN overlooking the conservation area and block paved driveway leading to the DOUBLE GARAGE. Tastefully presented with high quality ..."
"Hunters are proud to introduce this special, high specification apartment with triple aspect views situated in the iconic landmark building No 1 Deansgate. This superb development with its crystalline prismatic form, and timeless aesthetics is EWS1 certified. All homes are fully glazed and utili..."
A simply stunning six bedroom period semi detached family home occupying an incredible corner plot with large garden areas to three sides and two driveways providing off road parking for several cars. 
"Perched in one of Manchester`s most sought after address`, No1 Deansgate stands proud at the North end of Deansgate, the perfect position for all of Manchester`s favourite delights. Stop for a spot of shopping at Harvey Nichols or Lunch in Spinningfields - all a short walk away."
Canal Wharf House brings a new level of luxury and sensational specification to Castlefield. A new development that has been impeccably and carefully considered with the aim to offer buyers the most amazing place to call home. Situated on the edge of the Canal basin in the heart of Cast...
* VIEWS VIEWS VIEWS * EXECUTIVE APARTMENT * STUNNING OPEN PLAN LIVING SPACE * PANORAMIC VIEWS OF THE CITY FROM EVERY ROOM * Call Steve Litt to find out more.
Situated in the DESIRABLE ELLESMERE PARK is this FABULOUS FAMILY HOME which also offers INVESTMENT POTENTIAL. Spread over FOUR FLOORS with STUNNING PERIOD FEATURES THROUGHOUT is this incredible SIX BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY.
"Hunters are proud to introduce this special, high specification apartment with triple aspect views situated in the iconic landmark building No 1 Deansgate. This superb development with its crystalline prismatic form, and timeless aesthetics is EWS1 certified. All homes are fully glazed and utiliz..."
"Philip James are proud to introduce this MODERN, FIVE BEDROOM, DETACHED RESIDENCE with extensive REAR GARDENS, which has been EXTENDED and REMODELED creating a truly bespoke home, with HIGH SPECIFICATION fittings and fixtures throughout, located on one of DIDSBURYS FINEST ROADS, near the Marie Lo..."
"Amazing value for apartments in Manchester, starting from just £174,995 in a prime capital appreciation zone.Just 2 stops away from Deansgate on the local Metro Link, these off plan apartments offer 6% rental returns. A1114"
"A truly superb 1920's bay-fronted semi-detached property boasting a full 'back to brick' renovation to the highest of standards. Offering an impressive 1562 Sq ft internally, the property offers stylish and immaculate presentation throughout with four double bedrooms, two modern refi..."
"Situated in the heart of Ellesmere Park, on the sought after Cavendish Road, sits this majestic 4/5 bedroom, double-fronted, detached property. Benefitting from a large plot, double driveway, 4 bathrooms, 4 reception rooms and much, much more. The current owners have updated the home whilst being..."
"A beautiful yet discreet four bedroom, three bathroom penthouse in the heart of Manchester City Centre. This stunning penthouse is such a rare find for the City Centre as it offers an immense amount of private outdoor space. The property has been carefully designed to offer the ultimate..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this substantial and extended house that has been well thought out by the current owner to provide an excellent family-sized home. Located in the ever-popular area of Northenden, ideally located close to local transport links, within proximity of..."
"Immaculately presented 5-bedroom family home, packed with unique period features, now available in Eccles, Salford. This grand and spacious family residence is located on a well-sized corner plot and offers two driveways, gardens and a vast garage extension.  This ideal family h..."
"This wonderful property offers a wealth of accommodation set over four floors, including a Grand Entrance Hall, Three Reception Rooms, Kitchen/Diner, Utility Room, Six Double Bedrooms Two En-Suite Bathrooms, Two Bathrooms, an underground double garage. This fine family home occupies a generous pl..."
"2 X SIX BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTIES On one lot. GREAT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. Being Sold by YOPA Online Auction. Starting Bids from £1,000,000. Buy it now option available Please call or visit YOPA Online Auctions for more information"
**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** Located in the heart of Stretford is the setting of this spectacular opportunity to own this FOUR BEDROOM modern detached residence as well as a further TWO BEDROOM detached BUNGALOW within the same grounds. The unique main house is internally designed and modell...
"Take a look at this stunningly presented family home, perfectly situated in the heart of Ellesmere Park. From the grand front entrance, to the spacious driveway and rear garden, this property has so much to offer before you even step inside to see the breath-taking interiors! With five large doub..."
"Rutherglen – A most imposing eight bedroomed Edwardian semi-detached residence, located on a Prime Heaton Moor Road within strolling distance to Heaton Moor Village. Measuring an impressive 3936 square feet, rarely do properties of this ilk grace the market, so we advise an early inspection..."
"Three apartment portfolio for sale in the highly desirable Quadrangle development, consisting of three separate, income producing two bedroom apartments."
"Positioned on the SOUGHT AFTER Green Walk Development in West Didsbury is this IMMACULATELY PRESENTED, FOUR BEDROOM townhouse, finished to the HIGHEST OF STANDARDS throughout. 2180 sq ft. The property comprises of; an entrance hallway with downstairs W.C., reception room and open plan living/dini..."
BUY-TO-LET PROPERTY | RESIDENTIAL APARTMENTS: Invest in these luxury Ancoats penthouse apartments in the heart of Manchester. Unrivalled amenities on offer in an extremely sought-after city centre location
"A truly stunning Victorian family home which offers exquisite accommodation over four floors measuring an impressive 2398 Sq Ft. Boasting attractive elevations, this handsome Victorian property arguably encompasses the perfect family accommodation with five double bedrooms, stylish family bathro..."
We are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached house in Prestwich. With in walking distance to local shops & amenities in Sedgley Park and Bowker Vale Metro station the property is in an ideal position and a sought after residential location close to Manchester city centre. Benefi...
"Hunters are proud to introduce this high specification Penthouse duplex apartment situated in the iconic landmark building No 1 Deansgate. This superb development with its crystalline prismatic form, and timeless aesthetics is EWS1 certified. All homes are fully glazed and utilize a variable twin..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An imposing and substantial double fronted, FOUR BEDROOM Edwardian semi-detached property set over 4 floors, situated on a highly regarded tree lined road off Wilbraham Road here in Chorlton. Positioned on Egerton Road North in this popular residential area. A fabulous fa..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A beautiful SIX BEDROOM, Period semi-detached property with a wealth of original features and character throughout. This fantastic property is within walking distance of the centre of Chorlton, with its array of independent shops, bars and restaurants. Close by ..."
"Aubrey Lee Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this five bedroomed, 3 bathroomed, period semi detached property offering an abundance of character throughout along with unbelievably spacious family accommodation over three floors plus a large basement."
"An executive high specification two bedroom, three bathroom penthouse situated on the banks of the River Irwell. This property offers versatile accommodation set across three floors with the benefit of two private terraces offering views of the city and beyond. Secure allocated parking ..."
"We are privileged to introduce this unique property, which offers the fortunate buyer a rare combination of privacy and grand living. Set on a private gated plot with an extensive paved driveway to the front providing ample off road parking and a low maintenance garden to the rear. ..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An immaculately presented FIVE BEDROOM, box bay fronted, Victorian semi-detached residence, positioned in the heart of Chorlton on a highly regarded residential road, off Barlow Moor Road. This residence offers a wealth of character and modern living over four fl..."
"**RARE RESIDENTIAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** This spacious property comprises a well configured period semi-detached property of traditional brick construction under a pitched roof and converted into 7 individual apartments (six x one bedroom apartment, one x three bed apartments) arranged over ba..."
A quite magnificent five bedroom period property in a highly desirable West Didsbury location. This substantial family home has been sympathetically maintained by the current owners and is presented to an exceptional standard throughout. The high ceilings and spacious rooms are complemented by a ...
We are delighted to be able to offer for sale this magnificent semi detached family home which occupies an excellent sized plot with a large rear garden on arguably The Heatons premier and most sought after road. 
"*CASH BUYERS ONLY, HOWEVER, NO CLADDING PROBLEMS* Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale this well presented 5th Floor two bedroom apartment located in Cheetwood area of Cheetham Hill. The apartment briefly comprises of entrance hall, good sized living room open through to the fitted k..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a substantial DETACHED four-bedroom BUNGALOW tucked away on an enviable sized plot approx 1.26 acres, with unrivalled views. Situated down a private lane, just off Fairy Lane, close to the Metrolink, M60 motorway network and in catchment for Trafford's renowned scho..."
"Spacious Four Bedroom Detached Family Home, situated within generous private plot within the heart of Worsley Village. The property offers potential buyers a wealth of accommodation extending to: Entrance Hall, Guest W.C, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Playroom, Four Bedrooms, Master with En-Suite..."
"A DELIGHTFUL detached family home which offers IMPRESSIVE PROPORTIONS THROUGHOUT, situated a stone's throw away from Fog Lane Park and located within STROLLING DISTANCE TO DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 1799 sq ft. The accommodation consists of an entrance hallway with downstairs W.C, living room, dining room..."
"An IMPRESSIVE DETACHED family home, offering BRIGHT and SPACIOUS, WELL PRESENTED accommodation throughout, located on a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC within walking distance of both Didsbury and West Didsbury villages. 1972 sq ft. The accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance hallway with a downstairs W...."
"This simply stunning detached property offers a truly amazing lifestyle opportunity for any family. The residence offers an abundance of space throughout, featuring an impressive entrance hall with feature staircase, two fantastic sized reception rooms, modern fitted kitchen with integrated appl..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A beautifully presented & most spacious, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM, Victorian semi-detached property boasting period features arranged over four floors. Occupying a prime West Didsbury position, the property sits within the sought-after Albert Park Conservation area l..."
"**EWS1 FORM IN PLACE, MORTGAGE BUYERS WELCOME ** ONLINE VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** This breath-taking penthouse apartment offers three floors of incredible space and style with unique finishings in one of the city's most iconic developments. The Edge is situated along the banks of the River Irwell ju..."
"Situated in the heart of the highly regarded CHORLTONVILLE CONSERVATION AREA, a truly splendid FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY, offering spacious and light family accommodation of over 1600sqft. This delightful property boasts not only a SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN but both a DRIVEWAY AND..."
"Representing a unique opportunity to acquire a move-in ready semi-detached property in the heart of the vibrant village of Prestwich, this home is ideal for any house hunter looking for a stress-free move into a highly desirable location. With no redecoration required, this attractive home will ..."
"I am delighted to share with you a development of a luxury new FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED home located just off Edge Lane and within easy reach of Stretford, Chorlton and Manchester City Centre. This exclusive home has been fully refurbished to a high specification. The property is a large five bedroo..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** Located in a highly desirable part of Stretford is the setting of this stunning bay fronted home, internally remodelled by the current owners creating space and modern living throughout. A fantastic example of an Edwardian FIVE BEDROOM semi-detached home found on quiet an..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale a well presented 10 bedroom, 3 bathroom licensed HMO, currently let to the 30th of June 2024. This large Victorian semi offers a more sophisticated feel; with a tast..."
"A Unique Opportunity If you’re searching for a four-bedroom period property with enormous potential in a convenient location, welcome to Grove House. This red-brick, double-fronted detached gem dates back to 1860 and comes with a separate two-bedroom annexe and a large, mature garden."
"An exceptionally beautiful five-bedroom home on Hope Road, situated off Hilton Lane, close proximity to Prestwich Village and motorway links and a great location for local schools. The property has been developed to an exceptional standard and is a stunning family home. "
"Tyron Ash Real Estate are delighted to present this substantial, beautifully appointed, Eleven-Bedroom family home. Don’t miss this opportunity to engage in the opportunity of securing this amazing property in the sought-after area of Levenshulme"
Hunters Manchester are delighted to introduce this gorgeous 6 bed terraced HMO property which is a great investment to add to the portfolio. On the ground floor there is a shared kitchen/diner which is well lit. The property has been designed to include 5 double bedrooms all equiped wit...
"Outstanding two double bedroom apartment in the beautiful Avro development. Plethora of character, parking included and an Ancoats location, this is not one to miss!"
"FLAT LAND OPPORTUNITY FOR SALE Unique opportunity to create five New Home dwellings with full planning permission granted, set in prime location. Planning Application 124890/fo/2019 Plot No. Ground - - First - - Second 1 68 5..."
We are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached house in Prestwich. With in walking distance to local shops in Sedgley Park and Bowker Vale Metro station the property is in an ideal location. Benefitting from three large reception rooms and a large eat in kitchen interested parties ...
"The property offers well presented accommodation extending to: Entrance Hall, Lounge, Conservatory, Office, Sitting Room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Utility, Shower Room, Four Bedrooms, a Family Bathroom and En-Suite Shower Room, there is a large Balcony accessed Via the Master Bedroom. Externally, ..."
This unique family home is tucked away at the end of a private lane boarded by a picturesque mature tree line in the heart of heaton moor. This beautiful detached coach house has been carefully designed to highlight its stunning period features while also integrating the comforts of modern living...
"Duplex penthouse apartment located on levels 24 & 25 of The Heart in MediaCity. This is a stunning and unique property with a high specification throughout. With four double bedrooms split over two levels, the lower floor comprises a large living area, separate dining room/kitchen, utili..."
Must be viewed! A most impressive and handsome period semi detached family home located on one of The Heatons most sought after roads and boasting a rear garden over 100 feet in length.
"EWS1 Certified. Perched on the 16th & 17th Top Floor of NV Buildings, a truly stunning, state of the art, executive Duplex Penthouse Apartment, extending to approx 2755 sq ft. Affording magnificent panoramic views over Manchester City Centre, surrounding landmarks and the distant Pennine Hills"
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A spacious FIVE BEDROOM, semi-detached townhouse, situated on this modern residential development, in Chorlton off Nell Lane. In brief, the well-planned accommodation comprises of; A porch, An entrance hall, a double bedroom, a downstairs three-piece shower room, an offic..."
"PENTHOUSE: Exquisite Duplex Penthouse situated on the 12th and 13th floors of a stunning new build development in Manchester City Centre. This unique Penthouse boasts two large private south facing roof terraces, a wrap around balcony and floor to ceiling windows throughout. "
Prestige & Country Homes are delighted to introduce to the market this wonderful family home.  This property is set within a generous plot size and has all the modern features you might expect together with well-proportioned rooms. Driveway for several vehicles leading to detache...
"Clive Anthony are delighted to offer for sale this unique detached property on a sizeable corner plot with enjoyable views and six double bedrooms, three bathrooms and three reception rooms which incorporates self contained living accommodation to the lower ground floor, with its own entrance and..."
"An EXTENDED and beautifully presented FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PERIOD PROPERTY, located on a desirable and highly regarded road, offering spacious and versatile ACCOMMODATION OVER THREE FLOORS. Located only a stone's throw from BEECH ROAD and all local amenities and transport links, this..."
 Clive Anthony are delighted to offer for sale this well presented four bedroom four reception room detached family home with an large and mature rear garden. It is ideally located for all local amenities being convenient for public transport links and with easy access into Manchester City Centr...
"Philip James are proud to introduce this STUNNING, FOUR-DOUBLE BEDROOM, detached family home. Occupying an IMPRESSIVE corner plot on the ever-desirable Heaton Road within easy reach of Heaton Moor village. This is a rare opportunity to purchase a truly charming family home, that boasts stunning O..."
"ONCE IN A BLUE MOON DOES SOMETHING LIKE THIS HIT THE MARKET A truly outstanding three storey Victorian villa offering magnificent family accommodation. To the ground floor, the property comprises ..."
"FINISHED TO THE HIGHEST OF STANDARDS!! Take a look at this SUPERB FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME which sits on the Urmston, Stretford boarder! The property benefits from a HIGH END BATHROOM, STUNNING FITTED KITCHEN, ORANGERY, UTILITY ROOM, FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS (three are knocked through) and N..."
"***NO CHAIN*** Situated on a highly regarded road just a stone's throw from Longford Park, a truly delightful and EXTENDED FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED PERIOD PROPERTY, offering approximately 2000 SQFT ACCOMMODATION OVER THREE FLOORS. This charming property is in need of slight cosmetic updating ..."
"In our opinion this elegant five bed, double fronted detached house is the quintessential family home. The spacious accommodation is well presented and has a lovely homely feel, whilst also offering very comfortable and flexible living areas with the potential for annex style living to the rear i..."
"HUNTERS WORSLEY are elated to market this semi-detached VICTORIAN property located on the MONTON/ELLESMERE PARK border. The property has a total square foot of 2,260 and sits on a LARGE PLOT OF LAND! Ideal for FAMILIES, PROFESSIONALS & DEVELOPERS! Internally, the property benefits from a..."
"An IMPRESSIVE and WELL PROPORTIONED PERIOD style DETACHED RESIDENCE occupying a CORNER PLOT POSITION, located within walking distance of FASHIONABLE WEST DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 1661 sq ft. The property requires modernisation throughout and consists of, reception room and living room with bay fronted w..."
"An IMPRESSIVE DETACHED family home, offering BRIGHT and SPACIOUS, WELL PRESENTED accommodation throughout, located on a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC within walking distance of both Didsbury and West Didsbury villages. 1621 sq ft. The accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance hallway with a downstairs W...."
"A unique, two/three bedroomed, individually designed, detached property located on one of DIDSBURY'S FINEST ROADS, being within a SHORT STROLL of the villages of BOTH DIDSBURY & WEST DIDSBURY. Set back behind a long block paved driveway and garden, the property is presented to a high standard th..."
" Clive Anthony are delighted to offer for sale this unique period family residence with fabulous accommodation which is suitable for a growing family situated on one of the most prestigious roads in Prestwich. It is close to Prestwich Village, the metro link and with easy access into Manchester ..."
Hunters Worsley are delighted to offer for sale this simply stunning 7 bedroom detached family home packed full of original features and comes with two out buildings! We believe this property is suited for a forever family home. Viewing is essential to fully appreciate the size and condi...
"An Exclusive Luxury Property! Thoughtfully designed and constructed to the highest possible standard, boasting stunning views towards ‘The Green’ in Worsley and situated in a highly convenient location in prestigious Worsley Village with the local shops and restaurants a stone’s..."
investment opportunity - 25% Deposit Q2 2024 0.1% ground rent gym and 24-hour concierge6.5% Returns This development is situated in one of manchester's largest regeneration zones ( Piccadilly east ). The site comprising of 177 units sits within the Manchester Piccadilly HS2 Strategic Regenera
**STUNNING FOUR BEDROOM TERRACE PROPERTY OVER FOUR FLOORS SITUATED IN A VERY MUCH SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION OF CHORLTON.** Trading Places are pleased to have available this beautifully presented four bedroom middle terrace property which benefits from double glazing an...
"The property has been let from the 1st of July 2023 on a bills included basis with a gross income for £72,258.33 Townhouse are pleased to offer this stunning HMO located in the heart of Fal..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An attractive & impressive bay fronted home, providing fantastic family accommodation in a central Chorlton location. This beautiful Victorian, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMED residence offers living accommodation over four floors featuring high ceilings, original cornicing and ma..."
Aubrey Lee & Co are delighted to bring to the market this extended detached family home located at the head of a sought after quiet cul-de-sac. The property benefits from 5 Bedrooms (two of which have en suite bathrooms). A convenient location offering easy access to local amenities.
"A SUBSTANTIAL and most impressive, FOUR BEDROOM, semi detached family home with ATTRACTIVE GARDENS, DETACHED GARAGE, parking for several vehicles and a GREAT LOCATION on DIDSBURY PARK, within easy reach of Didsbury Village. 1410 sq ft. The property has been in the same ownership for over 50 years..."
"A well presented, substantial EIGHT DOUBLE BEDROOM period property providing over 3400SQFT accommodation over three floors. This wonderful property, benefitting from a GATED DRIVEWAY, with off road parking for multiple vehicles, and a LARGE SOUTH FACING GARDEN, will prove an ideal family home due..."
"An exquisite, THREE BEDROOM, detached family home with a CONVERTED GARAGE extending the properties downstairs footprint. WELL PRESENTED throughout and offering a WEALTH OF READY TO MOVE INTO ACCOMMODATION makes this property perfect for a growing family. Conveniently located in the HIGHLY SOUGHT..."
"Imposing Five Bedroom Semi-Detached Family Home complete with Self Contained Studio Flat. Internally, the spacious accommodation is set over three floors and extends to: Entrance Porch, Entrance Hall, Dining Room, Lounge, Study, Kitchen/Diner, Utility, Guest W.C, Five Double Bedrooms, Master with..."
"*VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE* An immaculately presented, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM, semi-detached property situated in a highly popular residential Road, on the borders of Chorlton & Whalley Range. This bay fronted property is within walking distance of the amenities in both Chorlton and Whalley Range, as w..."
"VR 360 TOUR AVAILABLE ON THIS PROPERTY. HomeDaze is thrilled to offer this STUNNING walk in condition, 5 bedroom DETACHED family home to the market for sale. Situated within a short driving distance of Drinkwater Park, Heaton Park, good schools, places of worship and Prestwich ..."
"A BRAND NEW LUXURY FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE at THE LIMES, which is an elegant collection of apartments and townhouses in the heart of DIDSBURY VILLAGE, one of Manchester's most desirable suburbs. Generously sized living/dining/kitchen area with a bespoke kitchen featuring integrated applianc..."
Substantial and Imposing Home. Extended to Rear. Four Bedrooms. End Semi in Larger Than Average Plot. Through Lounge/Dining Room and Separate Snug. Extended Quality Fitted Breakfast Kitchen. Modern Bathroom and Cloak Room. Extensive Off Road Parking. Large Gardens. Sought After Location
"Located within a private, gated, community, this stunning four bedroom, three storey, townhouse is be the perfect family home. Having been finished to an excellent standard throughout, and with access onto the large communal grounds to the rear, this lovely property benefits from three/four bedr..."
"A recently completed Penthouse Apartment situated in the ever highly sought-after Green Quarter of Manchester in one of the cities most anticipated developments, Meadowside - with access to the beautiful green space of Angel Meadow Garden, it's rare to find open space in such a central locati..."
"A truly beautiful four bedroom family home situated within the prestigious and gated Dundreggan Gardens development. Spanning three floors this stunning family home has been cleverly re-configured on the ground floor to create a large, wonderful open plan kitchen/ family space, and enjoys a numbe..."
"*VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE* An attractive and beautifully presented FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM detached, period family home arranged over three floors. Positioned in a leafy location off College Road here in Whalley Range. The property is close to several primary schools, including the Ofsted outstanding Man..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A attractive SIX BEDROOM, bay fronted, Edwardian semi-detached property situated on a highly desirable residential road in Old Trafford. Within easy walking distance of both Chorlton and Whalley Range centres and only a ten-minute drive from Manchester City Cent..."
"**RARE RESIDENTIAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** This spacious property comprises a well configured period semi-detached property of traditional brick construction under a pitched roof and converted into 4 individual apartments arranged over basement, ground and two upper floors. This spaciou..."
"***NO CHAIN & FULL MODERNISATION REQUIRED*** Situated on a quiet, village centre CUL-DE-SAC, a beautiful FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PERIOD PROPERTY. offering over 2250sqft accommodation over three floors and cellars, ideal for a family. This delightful property is offered for sale with no ..."
The epitome of city centre living - 1176 sq. ft. - 44th floor - Corner aspect - Breath taking views of Manchester skyline - Two double bedrooms - Engineered oak herringbone flooring - Two bathrooms - Secure parking with access to E.C. point - Pool - Gym - Conference suits - Roof terrace
"A handsome bay-fronted Victorian semi-detached property boasting immaculate and stylish accommodation over four floors. Renovated to a high standard throughout the property offers four double bedrooms, two stunning modern bathrooms, extended shaker style dining kitchen with Bi-fold doors, convert..."
FULLY RENOVATED! LOCATE ESTATE AGENT are delighted to bring to the market this superb period five bedroom semi-detached property located on Gilda Crescent Road in a very popular part of Eccles. This attractive dwelling has recently undergone a full refurb and no stone has been left unturned to b...
"An attractive and spacious bay fronted 4 Bedroomed Period semi detached spread over four floors, this splendid accommodation briefly comprises entrance canopy, reception hallway, downstairs W.C. lounge with bay, separate dining room, fitted dining kitchen with French door providing access and del..."
"A SUBSTANTIAL and well maintained, double fronted, FOUR BEDROOM semi detached family home located on a SELECT tree lined cul-de-sac adjacent to Fog Lane Park and within a short stroll of DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 1637sqft. The property enjoys a generous corner plot with gardens to three sides and a drive..."
"Immaculately presented 5-bedroom, 3 bathroom Victorian residence located in Monton. A grand and spacious property that has a total of 2648 square feet (246 square meters) and sits on a huge plot offering development potential along with 3 gardens and parking for many vehicles. Ideal for Families,..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An attractive & beautifully presented, FOUR BEDROOMED, Edwardian, bay fronted semi-detached property situated on this highly popular residential, tree lined road off Seymour Grove here in Old Trafford. The property is close to several local primary schools, the..."
"FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM PERIOD MID TERRACE PROPERTY WITH OVER 1900SQFT VERSATILE ACCOMMODATION OVER THREE FLOORS AND CONVERTED CELLARS! Situated on a highly sought after road located just a STONE'S THROW FROM LONGFORD PARK, this splendid property benefits from three spacious reception rooms as well ..."
"Stunning 3 bedroom Victorian semi, fully renovated and converted in prime Prestwich location."
"*** EWS1 CERTIFICATE NOW IN PLACE *** 2 BED DUPLEX APARTMENT WITH PARKING. A stunning, spacious two bedroom duplex river-facing apartment in the highly sought after The Edge development. Located on the banks of the River Irwell, next to The 5 star Lowry Hotel, only a short walk to the city's main..."
"Built in 1847, this gorgeous Victorian semi-detached three-bedroom home is located within the highly sought after Rushford Park conservation area. The interior is beautifully decorated and is complemented by plenty of standout period features, tastefully enhanced to make a truly unique property. ..."
"Madina Property are delighted to offer to the market this spacious and well-presented FIVE BEDROOM home situated in the heart of Chorlton, only a short walk to the centre of Chorlton close to all the local shops/bars & restaurants and transport links giving direct access into the City Centre ..."
"Exclusive Greengate Manchester apartments starting from just £210,000 - view floor plans today! A212"
"A RARE and IMPRESSIVELY PROPORTIONED VICTORIAN END TERRACE located on a CORNER PLOT on the highly sought after Burton Road in the heart of FASHIONABLE WEST DIDSBURY village. 1963 sq ft. The accommodation consists of a entrance hallway, living room with bay window, spacious kitchen/dining room, an..."
"Situated on a sought after road only a few minutes walk from both Longford Park and Stretford Grammar School, a well presented and significantly extended FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY, boasting over 2700sqft family accommodation over three floors! This splendid property boasts two la..."
"An opportunity to purchase a quite superb apartment in a stunning grade II listed Victorian Mansion. The property has been well maintained and is presented to an excellent standard throughout. The accommodation comprises of; entrance hallway, fully fitted kitchen with centre island, beautiful bay..."
Exceptionally Spacious Five Bed Period Property. Self Contained One Bed Apartment. - Ideal for renting and would SUBSIDISE your mortgage. Highly Sought After Location. Large Garden with Two Double Garages. Open Plan Fitted Kitchen/Family Room. No Vendor Chain
A stunning victorian semi-detached house with period features /character and high ceilings throughout and perfectly situated in the heart of Chorlton. This property offers spacious accommodation over three floors as well as a spacious loft and cellar/basement. The ground floor comprises of an ent...
"Positioned on the border of Didsbury Village & West Didsbury this four bedroom family home is ideally located for buyers looking to benefit from the selection of excellent local amenities such as highly-rated eateries, cafés and high-street stores. This property also falls into catchme..."
" We are pleased to offer for sale this truly stunning 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMED NEWLY BUILT DETACHED HOME positioned at the end of a highly regarded cul-de-sac, this superb luxurious and stylish accommodation spread over 3 floors comprises reception hallway, a good sized downstairs w.c. and utility roo..."
"FINAL UNIT REMAINING - READY FOR JUNE 2023!!! We're delighted to present 'Ladysmith Row', an exciting brand-new build development by the Kamani Property Group. Bringing an exceptional mix of 5 contemporary homes, in a prime Didsbury location, just a short stroll from the heart of the villag..."
A truly immaculate five bedroom family home arranged over three floor floors reaching an impressive 2110 sq ft and offers the very best of contemporary living. This stunning property located on Valley Road in Heaton Mersey is on ethat is sure to impress any prospective buyers!
"L A Property Discovery are proud to present this beautiful 3 bedroom semi-detached Victorian home. Right on Chorlton's Beech Road, this property boasts stunning bay windows shown off with plantation shutters, central heating throughout and an ensuite bathroom. Whilst this property is th..."
"A simply stunning extended Victorian residence which has undergone a full programme of refurbishment to exceptional standards whilst retaining many original period features. The property offers well-proportioned spacious accommodation set over 2,960 SQ FT and is conveniently situated for both Wit..."
"A beautifully presented five bedroom property with landscaped rear garden. To the front of the property there is a block paved driveway with low maintenance shrubs, a beautiful stained glass door leads to the grand hallway with original features. The front Reception room has an impressive firepla..."
One Regent is situated in the historic Castlefield district of Manchester. 3-bed Penthouse. M3 4BE
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A truly stunning & tastefully extended, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS & A USEFUL LOFT SPACE, period, bay fronted semi-detached residence situated off Alexandra Road South here in a fantastic residential area of Whalley Range. It is a peaceful haven and yet only a ten-minute drive..."
"Located on a highly regarded TREE LINED ROAD, a spacious and well proportioned bay fronted semi detached property providing versatile family accommodation with FOUR good sized bedrooms and situated close to local amenities, the Metro, schools, shops and parks. Comprises briefly: enclosed porch, e..."
"A Fabulous Penthouse Duplex with stunning views from a spacious balcony, this property must be seen to be appreciated! Enjoying three double bedrooms, two allocated parking spaces and a top floor location within this highly sought after building, this stunning home welcomes buyers using a mortgag..."
ONE OF A KIND! HUGE 25th TOP FLOOR DUPLEX 3-Bed 1-Office CORNER ASPECT PENTHOUSE with CANAL VIEW BALCONY in One Regent. TWO Allocated PARKING Spaces. Communal Garden. 1636 Sq Ft. EWS1 Form Available. Subject to Contract. Lease Info: 250 Years Lease from 2017 Service Charge: Approx...
Normie are pleased to bring to market this large four double bedroom detached home on a large plot with huge garden.
An opportunity has arisen to purchase 6 fully let apartments within this semi detached abode on Westminster Road. Thornley Groves Estate Agents are honoured to bring to the market this one off investment opportunity situated in one of the most favoured residential locations of Ellesmer...
"A PRINCIPAL EDWARDIAN semi detached FAMILY HOME positioned on a highly SOUGHT AFTER ROAD only a moments stroll from DIDSBURY VILLAGE and Didsbury Park. 1518 sq ft. The property compromises of an entrance hallway, living room with bay fronted window, dining room, separate kitchen with two addition..."
"Simply superb! An immaculately presented FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM detached family home occupying an excellent sized plot, standing on a corner, with driveway parking, a detached garage (currently used for storage) and an excellent rear garden with a sunny aspect. "
"This semi detached period property is deceptively spacious and boasts character. Perfectly situated close to many local amenities and excellent transport links. Benefitting upvc double glazing and gas combi central heating. Comprising imposing large entrance hall, Lounge with feature fire/bay win..."
"A stunning FOUR BEDROOM, THREE BATHROOM, semi detached forming part of a RECENTLY CONSTRUCTED and EXTREMELY POPULAR BELLWAY ECLIPSE development, set opposite CAVENDISH ROAD PARK and being within a SHORT STROLL of the ever popular BURTON ROAD and the METROLINK. Beautifully presented throughout wit..."
"PurpleBricks are very pleased to bring a fantastic & contemporary, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMED, townhouse with accommodation spread over three floors within this secure gated modern development. This Property is perfectly situated in the heart of Chorlton Green with its boutique shops, popular bars, ..."
"An impressive and luxurious apartment on the 20th floor of South Tower, Deansgate Square. Currently tenanted until Sep 2023 achieving a net rental yield of approximately 6.4%."
"Medlock Estates proudly present three brand new, exclusive & luxurious new build properties set in the highly sought after Woodhouses Village located within easy walking distance to Daisy Nook Country Park due for completion Spring 2022. Choose from Plot B or Plot C which have been carefully desi..."
"Normie are pleased to offer this substantial four bedroom detached property occupying an impressive plot in this highly sought-after residential location in the heart of Sedgley Park, Prestwich, Manchester, close to Heaton Park."
"*4 PLOTS LEFT - RESERVE NOW WHILST YOU CAN* Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale a selection of FOUR BEDROOM townhouses with prices from £595,000 - £618,000, due to be complete by April 2023. The townhouses will be a perfect addition to Ancoats with its easy access to New Isling..."
"EWS1 Form Available. Mortgage Buyers Welcome. Currently tenanted until October 2023 at £2700pm providing a yield of 5.4% A stunning duplex penthouse apartment, ideally situated within the heart of the Northern Quarter. The bright and spacious accommodation is set across two floo..."
"FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY DETACHED HOUSE FOR SALE TRADING PLACES are pleased to have this beautiful spacious four bedroom features with many original features which benefits from double glazing and gas central heating throughout.Externally, to the rear there is a fen..."
An exciting redevelopment project fronting onto Princess Street with the rear overlooking the River Medlock. The site is an excellent location and ideal for residential redevelopment. The designs drawn up are for a twenty two storey residential tower block which is situated between the former Fa...
"A significantly extended semi-detached family home in this very popular location, ideally positioned to make the most of tram, train and road transport links, sought after local schools and within easy reach of Didsbury village. With the side and rear extension, this home offers extensive square..."
"An impressive sized five bedroom detached character house, with charming period features that was previously used as guest accommodation over four storeys."
CLOSE TO MONTON & WORSLEY VILLAGES * DETACHED FAMILY HOME * SIX DOUBLE BEDROOMS * FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS * FRONT & REAR GARDENS * CLOSE TO EXCELLENT AMENITIES & TRANSPORT LINKS *
"A SIGNIFICANTLY EXTENDED, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY MUCH IMPROVED BY THE CURRENT OWNERS, ENJOYING A GENEROUS CORNER PLOT AND CONVENIENT LOCATION WITHIN EASY REACH OF DIDSBURY VILLAGE AND FOG LANE PARK. 1397 sq ft. This particular property enjoys the benefit of a two storey side ..."
"A superbly positioned and nicely extended semi detached family home in this very popular residential location, close to Fog Lane Park and within easy reach of Didsbury village and excellent transport links into Manchester City centre. Boasting a great sized south facing rear garden, loft convers..."
"*HIGH SPECIFICATION 59th FLOOR TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM, APARTMENT* Mr Investa are pleased to bring to the market this FANTASTIC BUY-TO-LET OPPORTUNITY located in one of Manchester City Centre's MOST ATTRACTIVE & ICONIC buildings, Deansgate Square - South Tower. This TASTEFULLY DESIGNED a..."
*** FOUR BEDROOM *** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS *** LARGE GARDEN PLOT *** HIGH END DECOR *** SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT *** GREAT TRANSPORT LINKS *** READY TO MOVE INTO *** BAR/GAMES ROOM/RECEPTION ROOM ***
"We are pleased to offer for sale this attractive, exceptional three-bedroom, bay-fronted, detached family bungalow. The large property is situated on Milwain Road, on a double plot in a popular & convenient location. Offering spacious family accommodation, it is beautifully presented, and ben..."
"Introducing the Goldsmith, a stunning new home featuring a detached single garage, an open-plan kitchen/dining/family area with utility, integrated appliances and french doors to the rear garden. Upstairs boasts four double bedrooms with two en suites. "
"Stunning new home The Priestley benefits from an integral garage, open-plan kitchen/dining area with french doors to the rear garden, a separate family room/snug, living room with french doors to the rear garden, as well as four double bedrooms and an en-suite to bedroom 1. "
"A stylish and substantial modern town house boasting immaculate and versatile accommodation over four floors. Offering an impressive 2175 Sq ft the property offers thoughtfully extended and remodelled accommodation with 5/6 bedrooms, three contemporary bathrooms with underfloor heating, superb ma..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this extremely rare investment opportunity; located in the increasingly popular postcode area of 'M7' Salford, Manchester. Originally a huge Victorian house, the property has been split into 5 self contained apartments and was let out as such fo..."
"An opportunity to purchase a beautiful period property in a highly sought after West Didsbury location. The property has been well maintained by the current owner and is bursting with original period features over four floors. The accommodation comprises; entrance hallway, bay fronted..."
"VR 360 TOUR AVAILABLE HomeDaze are thrilled to present to the market for sale this excellently located 4/5 bed semi detached home to the market for sale. Situated on Overbrook drive M25, a short walk to excellent coffee shops, restaurants and Parks. Prestwich village is also c..."
"SOUGHT AFTER MONTON POSITION! OVERLOOKING THE BOWLING GREEN TO THE REAR! HOME ESTATE AGENTS are thrilled to offer for sale this period, four double bedroom semi detached family home located on this sought after Monton road. With the property overlooking Monton Bowling Green to the rear, the prope..."
"Call our office today to request site tour with one of our SPS Agents! Townhouse 3 provides 1153 sq ft of living space that includes an entrance lobby and a large open plan kitchen, dining and living space."
"*STILL 4 PLOTS AVAILABLE - RESERVE NOW WHILST YOU CAN* Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale a selection of FOUR BEDROOM townhouses with prices from £595,000 - £618,000, due to be complete by April 2023. The townhouses will be a perfect addition to Ancoats with its easy access to..."
"*ONLY 4 REMAINING PLOTS* Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale a selection of FOUR BEDROOM townhouses with prices from £595,000 to £618,000, due to be completed by April 2023. The townhouses will be a perfect addition to Ancoats with its easy access to New Islington tram stop, Ancoats M..."
"Salford Quays Waterfront Apartments: Developed in collaboration with a local award-winning development company, with a strong portfolio in residential property, these apartments will offer 6% rental returns. A101"
" Spacious four-bedroom semi-detached house, located in a quiet residential area in Old Trafford, Manchester. The property sits in a sought-after location with it being close to a number of local amenities including accredited primary and secondary schools, independent shops, parks, supermar..."
"New to Albert Hill Street are a pair of beautifully crafted semi-detached townhouses with traditional red brick elevations, slate roofs and thoroughly modern interiors."
"Positioned within strolling distance to Heaton Moor village, this detached property is a one of small number of homes constructed in 2007 by the renowned home builders, Persimmon Homes. 2015 Square Feet Boasting many selling features including well-structured accommodation over thre..."
**NO ONWARDS CHAIN** Located in the heart of Chorlton is this stunning semi-detached family home which is immaculately presented throughout and finished to a very high standard! Viewings are a must. 
"Extremely rare opportunity to purchase this chain-free detached family residence with a substantial plot adjacent that offers opportunity for redevelopment. Situated on at the head of the ever popular Langdale Road in Heaton Chapel, this opportunity would be ideal for a growing family seeking to ..."
"Briscombe Are Delighted To Offer For Sale this Beautifully Presented Five Bedroom Extended Semi-Detached Family Home, located within a popular well established residential area. Occupying a slightly elevated position, ideally located to benefit form transport links, amenities and local schools (B..."
"Introducing The Priestley, a beautiful family home boasting an integral garage, an open-plan kitchen/dining area with french doors, a separate living room with additional french doors, and a separate family room/snug. Upstairs features four double bedrooms and an en-suite to bedroom 1. "
Stunning dual aspect apartment in the highly acclaimed Leftbank development.
A magnificent penthouse apartment forming part of this select development in the heart of vibrant Ancoats. Spacious accommodation over two levels comprising 3 double bedrooms (all ensuite) and a superb loft-style living area incorporating luxury kitchen with bi-fold doors onto a spacious terrace....
"Standing on an impressive plot with gardens to three sides, this individual four-bedroom detached home is positioned on a popular Heatons road close to all amenities and transport links. Measuring just over 1400 square feet, and benefitting from wonderful quality brick built elevations, an early ..."
"Situated on a quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC just a stone's throw from all local amenities, a beautifully presented and recently REFURBISHED FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY, offering over 1500sqft versatile accommodation, ideal for a family. This delightful property boasts a large SOUTH ..."
"A superb five bedroom extended semi detached home situated in a sought after Didsbury location. This imposing family home is presented to an excellent standard throughout and has undergone a significant double storey extension. The accommodation comprises of; entrance hallway, three reception roo..."
"A spacious, FOUR BEDROOM, detached family home, situated on Shoreditch Close in the desirable HEATON MOOR. Occupying a FANTASTIC PLOT, the property extends to an impressive 1480 sq, ft, and offers a wealth of versatile living accommodation. Internally, the property briefly comprises: An entrance..."
"Positioned nicely in the development with forward views to park land, this outstanding four bedroomed modern home demands an inspection to fully appreciate. *Tenure is FREEHOLD With attractive elevations, this ideal family home comprises: canopy entrance, inviting hallway with storage ..."
Kirkham Property are delighted to offer a rare opportunity to purchase a unique substantial family home.  This impressive semi-detached property has been meticulously maintained by the current owner and maintains many of the original features.  Tucked away behind mature trees and shr...
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An attractive & deceptively spacious, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMED, modern, mid-terraced positioned on this highly regarded gated development off Hardy Lane here in Chorlton. Within a fifteen-minute walk to all the independent shops/bars/restaurants on Beech Road via..."
"*** LUXURY LIVING - NEW BUILD APARTMENTS in LEAFY SALFORD *** *** COMPLETION BY MARCH 2023 *** Martin and Co along with Dream Homes Construction are proud to introduce six New Luxury Apartments currently under construction, in this affluent area of Salford, Greater Manchester. Situated on Uppe..."
The Limes in Didsbury village is one of the area’s most exclusive and desirable new developments. This stunning two bedroom apartment is presented to an exceptional standard throughout. Recently constructed the site is accessed via gated entry with allocated parking and lift access to all f...
Looking For Your Forever Family Home? We think we have found it.... Sell Well are thrilled to be instructed with this stunning period semi-detached which is located in Ellesmere Park just a short stroll from the vibrant Monton Village. This is a rare opportunity to purchase a substantial five bed...
"The Fleming is a spacious new home featuring an open-plan kitchen and dining area with utility and integrated appliances, living room with bay window, integral single garage, and an en-suite and fitted wardrobes to the master bedroom. "
"An imposing and substantial double fronted four double bedroom end terraced property set over three floors. The property is situated on a popular residential street and within walking distance of Levenshulme train station. The property is perfect for a larger family, or an investor looking for a ..."
"An exquisite four bedroom detached home situated in a cul-de-sac within perhaps the best position in the highly desirable Bellway estate, which is in close vicinity to Heaton Moor's local amenities, schools and transport links. With an abundance of exemplary living accommodation throughout, t..."
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this stunning 5 double bedroom period property in Salford's most sought-after postcode - M7. The spacious mid-terrace home is set over 4 floors including a large basement that is in great condition and is currently being used as a workspace. The ...
"A substantial SIX double bedroom period semi-detached home situated in the heart of Levenshulme; one of South Manchesters most desirable locations.
"
"Salford student apartments with below-market value prices, high capital growth potential, and 6% rental returns. A1157"
"A substantial DETACHED property, located on a popular road, well placed for local amenities, shops, schools, Chorlton village and the Metro. Set within an excellent plot with attractive gardens to both front and rear, the accommodation comprises: entrance porch, hallway, cloakroom/wc, lounge, sit..."
"Gross rent of £50,580.79 for 12 month from the 1st of July 2023 to 30th June 2024. This large Victorian semi is light and airy, boasting high ceilings and big windows throughout. The bedroo..."
" No chain involved! A rare opportunity to purchase this Impressive period semi detached house, situated in a tree-lined sought-after location, south-facing, set in approximately 0.8 acres. This family home has been occupied by the current vendors for many years and has retained an array of orig..."
"FOR SALE, MODERN AND BEAUTIFUL FULLY REFURBISHED 4 BEDROOM BUNGALOW "
"A SPECTACULAR four bedroom family home presented to a STUNNING HIGH STANDARD THROUGHOUT. Having undergone a complete transformation the property has been METICULOUSLY MAINTAINED boasting an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER. CONVENIENTLY positioned on Kingsleigh Road with a range of shops, green spaces inc..."
"This exceptional detached family home is part of a quiet estate, tucked a stone's throw away from Heaton Mersey Common and in close vicinity to the charming centres of Heaton Mersey and Heaton Moor. The ground floor of the property consists of a large and bright living room, a modern open pla..."
"A STUNNING SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY, COMPREHENSIVELY AND TASTEFULLY MODERNISED THROUGHOUT BY THE CURRENT OWNERS, WITH A SUPERB REAR GARDEN EXTENDING TO APPROX 100 FT AND CONVENIENT LOCATION CLOSE TO FOG LANE PARK & DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 1052 sq ft. The stylish living space benefits from both gas centra..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An immaculately presented and extended, THREE BEDROOM, bay fronted, traditional semi-detached property located in a highly sought-after residential area just off fashionable Beech Road, in the heart of Chorlton Green. Within strolling distance to all the indepen..."
Situated on the popular St Werburghs Road is this fantastic FOUR BEDROOM semi-detached home is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN. This home is a perfect opportunity for any purchaser to make something their own. A viewing is an absolute must. 
"A traditional, bay fronted, semi detached property that offers a superb level of family living space over three floors, coupled with a south facing garden and excellent location which is close to Fog Lane Park, the Metrolink and villages of both Didsbury & West Didsbury. 1414 sq ft. The well pres..."
Extended Detached Family Home. Five Good Sized Bedroom. Recently Fitted Modern Kitchen. Double Glazing & Gas Central Heating. Large Garage with Remote Roller Door. Pleasant Enclosed Rear Garden. Highly Sought After Location. No Vendor Chain
"A STUNNING MID TERRACE home covering three floors, situated on a sought after MODERN DEVELOPMENT within walking distance of WEST DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 1587 sq ft. The property consists of: an entrance hallway, contemporary living room, open plan dining room incorporated with modern fitted kitchen. To..."
Stunning four bedroom townhouse home in a highly desirable Worsley location.
"This charming three bedroom semi-detached family home is beset with period features throughout and excellently situated within close reach of transport links, schools and the local amenities of Heaton Moor. The ground floor consists of an entrance hallway with period features and wood..."
"Located on a popular development in Audenshaw, this large 4 double bed detached home is ideal for a growing family. There are 3 reception rooms, a large dining room/kitchen with separate utility room, downstairs WC, 2 en suites & family bathroom. Double garage & double drive plus good sized garden."
"The Edgeworth Alt is a 4-bedroom home that features an open-plan kitchen and dining area, a spacious living room, separate family room and an en suite to bedroom 1. Complete with a detached single garage. "
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - A centrally located MID-TERRACED property FULLY REFURBISHED and EXTENDED to create a SIX BEDROOM HMO with SIX ENSUITES, situated only a few minutes walk from the universities and fully let till June 2023 and producing a gross income of £40,365 per annum. NOW LET TILL..."
"Aubrey Lee & Co are happy to bring to the market this nicely presented and proportioned, extended four bedroom family home situated in a popular location off Bury Old Road. An internal viewing is strongly recommended to fully appreciate the property."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An attractive and spacious, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM, bay fronted, period mid-terrace property situated in a highly desirable residential location in the heart of Chorlton. Close to all local amenities including restaurants, delis and shops and the Metro link station on Wilbra..."
"A lovingly extended four/five double bedroom 1930's semi-detached home, boasting ample space and ideal for families, situated on a popular road.
"
"1 Click Move are proud to bring to market this stunning, immaculately presented two bedroom Apartment on 8th floor,Beetham Tower development. Boasting spectacular city panoramic views, modern kitchen with open plan living, two double bedrooms, two bathrooms and floor to ceiling windows through..."
"**Location, Location, Location!** We have found what you have been looking for. Sanderson James are delighted to market this four bedroom extended semi detached family home with the possibility of a fifth bedroom on the ground floor. As you arrive to Moor Park Road you will notice a spacious driv..."
"The Residences' provides luxurious living situated within stunning grounds, with secure parking and mature landscaped gardens."
"NO CHAIN. Overlooking the waterfront of St Francis Basin to the rear, an impressive, refurbished, extensive 3 storey neo Georgian style end Town House with Four Bedrooms, combi gas central heating boiler system, uPVC double glazing, high specification Kitchen and Bathrooms."
An Elegantly Extended And Simply Stunning Fully Refurbished Semi-Detached House In Swinton. A gorgeous family home which offers contemporary living at its very best. This is a fantastic property which the current vendor has simply transformed and presented to the highest standard imaginable throu...
"This 4 bed family home is situated in the popular Ellesmere Park area, a stones throw from Monton Road amenities.  To the front of the property there is a garden laid to lawn, with mature planting and driveway for two cars. There is a detached single garage and gate leading to the secure ..."
"A superb semi-detached property situated in an ever popular cul-de-sac, close to local schools, amenities and transport links and easy walking distance to the fashionable bars and restaurants of Heaton Chapel and Heaton Moor. Wonderfully finished throughout, the property briefly comprises: To th..."
"This stunning apartment forms part of the prestigious Avro development by Urban Splash, successfully blending the heritage of this striking Grade II listed mill with luxury contemporary fittings. Spacious accommodation comprising loft-style living space incorporating kitchen with canal views, 2 d..."
"Beautifully presented SEVEN BED 3 Bath HMO situated on the popular and much sought after Lausanne Road M20. The property is currently being utilised as a fully licensed HMO LET UNTIL JUNE 2023, generating a yearly gross income of c.£41,860 The accommodation is spacious and stylish throughou..."
"Situated in a very popular residential location, this stunning three-bedroom semi-detached family home is just a short stroll from Didsbury village and Fog Lane Park. Tastefully modernised throughout, this property boasts a new open-plan kitchen and sleek bathroom to give it a wonderful contempor..."
BRAND NEW DEVELOPMENT - COMPLETING Q4 2023 - TWO BEDROOM DUPLEX APARTMENT. Call Now to Receive a Floor Plan and Info Pack
MORTGAGE BUYERS WELCOME due to mortgage companies lending criteria amendments following the Building Safety Act 2022. Government Building Safety Fund Approval in Place for remediation works due for completion in January 2023. No expense has been spared on this exquisitely refurbished ...
"Luxurious 40th floor, two double bedroom apartment over 1000 SQFT, situated in the stunning Elizabeth Tower development."
"BUY-TO-LET PROPERTY | RESIDENTIAL APARTMENTS: These luxury apartments stand central in Deansgate, Manchester, offering residents incredible views of the city and the development is placed in a convenient and walkable location to all the best amenities the city has to offer."
"A beautifully presented and well appointed THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED 1930'S PROPERTY, boasting an approximately ONE HUNDRED FOOT SOUTH WEST FACING GARDEN and SELF CONTAINED ONE BEDROOM ANNEXE! This delightful property offers spacious and light accommodation throughout and will prove an i..."
"Four Bedroom Family Home, located on the Bridgewater Canal in the Heart of Worsley Village. Offering Well Presented Accommodation Set Over Three Floors, complete with Modern Kitchen/Diner, Lounge, Four Bedrooms, Two En-Suites and a Family Bathroom, complete with well maintained gardens to the fro..."
"Stunning new home The Larch benefits from an open-plan kitchen/dining area with french doors to the rear garden and adjoining utility room, a separate living room and an en suite to bedroom 1. "
"Brand new 5* Luxery Apartments in the heart of Manchester! Discover a world of indulgence with these luxurious one, two and three bed apartments offering stylish open plan living/kitchen areas with integrated appliances, premium herringbone style laminate flooring, satinwood carpets in all bedro..."
"Ancoats Gardens is located in the thriving Ancoats neighbourhood in Manchester city centre, regarded by The Times as one of the top 20 coolest places to live in the UK. As Manchester's largest regeneration area, the development is less than 300 metres from NOMA and the Central Business District."
"***NO CHAIN*** Ideally placed for both Beech Road and Chorlton Village, a larger than average THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM PERIOD MID TERRACE PROPERTY, ideal for a young couple or family. This delightful property requires some cosmetic updating and boasts a LARGE REAR GARDEN as well as cellars, ideal for..."
"Situated on a sought after, tree lined road, this traditional three bed semi-detached property has an abundance of character. From the stained glass entrance porch, to the traditional high ceilings throughout, the gorgeous bay windows and open coal fire this is the perfect family home. ..."
"***NO CHAIN*** Located on a highly regarded and sought after road, a beautifully presented SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY, boasting THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS PLUS LOFT ROOM, a larger than average SOUTH-WEST FACING GARDEN and OFF ROAD PARKING! This delightful property will prove an ideal family home, with two..."
"Introducing the Scrivener, a beautiful new detached home benefitting from a detached single garage, open-plan kitchen/dining/family area with integrated appliances, a utility room, living room with bay window, plus an en-suite to bedroom 1. "
"Situated in the heart of the thriving district of Ancoats, Northern Quarter, this townhouse is perfectly located for easy commuting and city centre living. Just a 10 minute walk from the Victoria Interlink, and a short stroll from the renowned Northern Quarter. This three b..."
"**CITY CENTRE LOCATION** ON-SITE GYM & POOL** INCREDIBLE SPECIFICATION** COMMUNAL LANDSCAPED GARDEN** UNIQUE CONTEMPORARY YET URBAN DESIGN** GRADE II LISTED VIADUCT**
"
* MUST BE SEEN TO BE FULLY APPRECIATED * DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS * A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED 3 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME SITUATED ON ONE OF SWINTON'S MOST DESIRABLE ROADS.
Six Bedroom semi detached property in need of full renovation throughout. Offering over 2000 square feet of accommodation over three storeys. The property comprises of a well proportioned hallway leading to two reception rooms and kitchen with a handy ground floor cloak room. To the first floo...
"An exciting opportunity to acquire a recently refurbished, and hugely popular style of period terraced home tucked away in a cul de sac just of the fabulous Burton Road, known for its array of independent shops, bars and restaurants. Enjoying a converted cellar including a utility space and mode..."
"EWS-1 in place imminently. Mortgages Welcome. Luxurious 8th floor, two double bedroom apartment benefiting from spacious bathroom, large master bedroom with en-suite and fitted kitchen. This popular development of Hill Quays is just a stones throw from Whitworth Street and the bars and restauran..."
"Latchkey and Vault present this immaculate and substantial house, set in an sought after location in the ever popular area, with tastefully enhanced contemporary accommodation including 4 bedroom, detached property. Externally the property is garden fronted with driveway. To the rear is an ex..."
UNIQUE DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY! Prime Salford Location! Mr Investa are pleased to bring to the market these 3 commercial garage units and a plot of land which is currently used as a car park with PREVIOUS PLANNING APPROVED TO BUILD 6 APARTMENTS OVER 3 FLOORS.
Julie Twist Properties are delighted to present this astonishing three bedroom duplex apartment located within the Murray Mills conversion development in Ancoats. The apartments total square footage is above 1500sqft and has an incredible living/dining area with an open plan kitchen with fully in...
This iconic 40-storey Tower situated just off Deansgate boasts 327 impeccable and high-end luxury apartments that give tenants an outstanding quality of living. It will be the most prestigious new luxury development in Manchester city Centre with luxurious 5* amenities including a state-of-t...
This substantial three story Victorian terraced property has amazing original features and ceiling heights with the addition of the cell has been converted. This property is set over four floors and passed a benefit of a detached workshop to rear. Extremely well presented a great family home
Hunters in Manchester are delighted to present this amazing two bedroom duplex luxury apartment in the popular Royal Mills development situated on the canals just off Great Ancoats Street. The property is across the road from Ancoats/Northern Quarter and a short walk to the New Islington canals w...
Looking For Your Forever Family Home? We think we have found it.... Sell Well are thrilled to be instructed with this stunning period semi-detached which is located just a short stroll from the vibrant Monton Village. This is a rare opportunity to purchase a substantial four bedroomed house which...
**CLOSE TO HEATON PARK** **WALKING DISTANCE TO PRIMARY SCHOOL** **GARAGE AND CELLARS** Substantial sized family home spanning three floors. Great location call now to book your viewing! COUNCIL TAX BAND C. EPC GRADE D.
"A vastly extended and versatile 1930s semi detached situated in a sought after and convenient community location close to local amenities, popular schools and transport links. In brief the spacious family homes internal accommodation comprises; entrance hallway, sitting room, lounge openi..."
"*** Four Bedroom Semi-Detached *** Garage and Cellar Space, Perfect for Converting! *** Purplebricks are pleased to offer to the market this spacious four bedroom semi-detached property. Oozing potential, perhaps convert the garage/cellar as a work from home business or equally a fantastic space..."
"In brief the property comprises; large entrance hallway, kitchen, utility room, lounge, dining room, downstairs WC and access to the integral Garage.
To the first floor you will find a spacious landing providing access to the master bedroom with en-suite, bedroom two, bedroom three, bedroom four ..."
"*** Stunning Modern Extended Detached Family Home, Finished to the Most Exacting Of Standards and Situated Within a Highly Sought After and Convenient Residential Location *** This wonderful property is situated in a popular setting within the fabulous area of Winton, Eccles, boasting..."
"Julian Wadden are delighted to be selling this wonderful four bedroom detached home, which stands on a larger than average plot and can be found on a popular residential location. Boasting gardens to three sides and a detached garage to the rear, this property would make an ideal family home. 132..."
"***3 BEDROOM LUXURY DUPLEX APARTMENT
*** MANCHESTER CITY CENTRE
***OPEN HOUSE JULY 27TH***
***REF KYNA"
"This simply stunning detached bungalow with loft conversion offers a truly amazing lifestyle opportunity for any family. The residence offers an abundance of space throughout finished to a very high standard, featuring an impressive entrance hall, spacious superbly fitted modern kitchen/dining r..."
"GREEN MORTGAGE ELIGIBLE (SELECTED LENDERS) PRIVATE GATED COMMUNITY  Choice of KITCHEN SPACIOUS 5 BEDROOM DETACHED 1,461 ft2  SPACIOUS REAR GARDENS and PARKING for TWO VEHICLES OFF WORSLEY ROAD FREEHOLD 3 BATHROOMS.  The D..."
"A WELL PROPORTIONED EDWARDIAN SEMI-DETACHED HOME with THREE FLOORS including cellars. In need of some cosmetic updating, the property is located in FASHIONABLE WEST DIDSBURY just a short walk from the open green space of the RIVER MERSEY. 1333 sq ft. The impressive accommodation consists of an en..."
A deceptively spacious and family friendly three bedroom detached home situated upon one of Swinton's most desirable roads boasting a luxurious internal finish
"****MODERN & DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS****ONE OF ONLY 2 OF THIS STYLE ON THE ESTATE**** BUILT CIRCA 2000 BY BARRETTS****VERY POPULAR WOODHOUSE GREEN ESTATE**** 5 BED, 3 STORY, 4 BATH, 2 RECEPTION ROOMS**** We are delighted to bring to the market this executive 3 Story, 5 bedroom detached family home. ..."
"Hunters Manchester are delighted to introduce this stunning duplex, Penthouse which benefits from both a large roof terrace and a full width balcony. Both of which showcase spectacular views. This beautiful apartment is positioned on teh 14th Floor. This popular development which is positione..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A beautifully presented, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMED, bay fronted Victorian terrace full of period features. Situated on a quiet, sought after cul-de-sac location next to Chorlton Park. Within easy walking distance of Beech Road bars and cafes, Chorlton Centre and th..."
"Latchkey & Vault are pleased to market this magnificent three bedroom, semi-detached property in the much sought after area of Charlton, Manchester. Close to all amenities including, schools, public transport, shops, restaurants and allotments. Located within a cup-de-sac, this propert..."
"AN ATTRACTIVE and STYLISHLY PRESENTED, semi detached family home located in the FASHIONABLE WEST DIDSBURY with an array of shops, bars and restaurants within walking distance. 950 sq ft. The accommodation comprises: an entrance porch, reception hallway, front facing living room, a dining room le..."
"*Although a cash buyer is required, the cladding/fire safety remediation works are capped at £10,000.* Immaculately presented two bedroom corner apartment with large ROOF TERRACE in the very popular Green Quarter, M4. The first floor apartment has been beautifully kept by the current owners, ..."
"This beautiful, PERIOD Edwardian property that was built in 1902 is RARE to the market and sits on a LARGE PLOT. It is located in a SOUGHT-AFTER AVENUE in the heart of Levenshulme, making it perfect for a wide range of buyers including FAMILIES and young professionals. The property is being so..."
"Beautiful Beech Road! L A Property Discovery are delighted to bring this Edwardian terrace on Beech Road to the market. This large property comprises of two double bedrooms and one single bedroom. The property has a large separate front reception room, second reception room leading to a ..."
Occupying a superb position in arguably one of the most highly sought after roads in Prestwich. We are delighted to offer for sale this 3 bed detached property with full planning for a two storey extension to the side and rear; Single storey front extension; Increasing height to the roof includin...
"**NO CHAIN** **REFURBISHED VICTORIAN TERRACED PROEPRTY** If you are looking for the WOW factor, then this Period End Terraced Property ticks the box! We are excited to be instructed on this truly outstanding property which is located on Manchester Road a stones throw from Victoria Par..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A fantastic opportunity to purchase a FIVE BEDROOMED, modern semi-detached home in the heart of Chorlton positioned on a popular residential road. Within a five minute walking distance to the Metrolink. This will provide easy access to a range of amenities including a dir..."
"Situated on a highly sought after road just off BEECH ROAD, a deceptively spacious THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED 1930S PROPERTY boasting both GATED OFF ROAD PARKING and DETACHED GARAGE. This splendid property is located only a few minutes walk to both Chorlton Village and the vibrant scene of Beech..."
*** MANCHESTER'S MOST LUXURIOUS APARTMENTS*** Redefining Central Manchester. The iconic tower situated just off Deansgate boasts 327 impeccable & luxury apartments that give residents an outstanding quality of living.
5% DEPOSIT BOOST ON THIS HOME. A spacious 4 bedroom home with living space spread over three floors. Private garden and driveway
"Normie & Company are pleased to bring to market this four bedroom detached property, which is ideally located close to Heaton Park, off Park Road."
"EXTENDED, PERIOD FAMILY HOME! HOME ESTATE AGENTS are excited to offer for sale this extended, three bedroom semi detached property. The property is located on the ever popular Rocky Lane with easy access into Monton and Swinton along with a short walk to Monton Green Primary school and all the lo..."
"We are delighted to bring to market this four bedroom extended detached family home in arguably one of the most sought after areas of Prestwich; well placed close to Heaton Park, off Park Road. The property briefly comprises of a spacious hallway, guest WC, through lounge/dining room with bay..."
"This development is in an ideal location, nestled between Manchester City Centre and Salford - within striking distance of everything that Manchester has to offer. This is the last remaining 3-bedroom apartment which is designed to the highest standard to provide residents with luxury..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a three-bedroom Emery style detached property which is positioned within strolling of Heaton Moor village. In need of modernisation throughout this ideal family home provides a blank canvas for anyone looking to stamp their own style on a home. In ...
**CITY CENTRE LOCATION** ON-SITE GYM & POOL** INCREDIBLE SPECIFICATION** COMMUNAL LANDSCAPED GARDEN** UNIQUE CONTEMPORARY YET URBAN DESIGN** GRADE II LISTED VIADUCT**
"**CITY CENTRE LOCATION** ON-SITE GYM & POOL** INCREDIBLE SPECIFICATION** COMMUNAL LANDSCAPED GARDEN** UNIQUE CONTEMPORARY YET URBAN DESIGN** EXPOSED BRICK** GRADE II LISTED VIADUCT**
"
An immaculately presented and well maintained three bedroom link detached family home which is situated in a popular and sought after residential part of Heaton Moor.
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a spacious four bedroom detached property tucked away in a popular development next to the picturesque historical 'Watkins Wood'. Offering a quiet setting with stunning tree lined views sitting room, living room leading through to the dining room, fitte..."
"Normie are delighted to bring to market this ""Chain Free"" fantastic three bed with a loft room bungalow."
"Take a 3D Tour of this deceptively spacious unique detached property situated in a quiet location in Northenden. With 3 bedrooms, 3 receptions, ample parking and stunning gardens. Viewing is highly recommended. EPC GRADE = PENDING"
"This INCREDIBLE SIZED freehold, 1788 square foot property has to be seen to be believed! It is the perfect FAMILY HOME, it is ready to move into and has already been EXTENDED multiple times to offer additional space for a growing family, but the home still has massive POTENTIAL to put your sta..."
"An outstanding traditional three bedroomed semi-detached home, which has a striking modern internal décor filled with floods of natural light. Located on a most desirable Heaton Moor road close to fashionable bars & restaurants the village has to offer, this most appealing home demands..."
"BRAND NEW DEVELOPMENT. TOP FLOOR THREE BEDROOM APARTMENT. Tenanted Investment, renting out for £1,750 pcm. Physical viewings welcome, Virtual tour available. Prime city centre location in the much sought after Embankment west developement. Benefits from first class on site facilties such as..."
Genesis City are proud to present this new build 2 bedroom apartment in central Manchester due to complete Q4 2025 
Canal Wharf House brings a new level of luxury and sensational specification to Castlefield. The development has been impeccably and carefully considered with the aim to offer buyers the most amazing place to call home. Situated on the edge of the Canal basin in the heart of Castlefield...
"Request Free Info Pack Today! These ultra-modern apartments offer a high rental yield of 6%, meaning you could be earning a projected rental income starting from £10,797.A231"
A beautifully appointed and well maintained mid terrace family home boasting substantial four bedroom accommodation with the added benefit of a good sized lawned rear garden.
"Hunters Manchester are proud to introduce this high specification luxury fully furnished apartment. With this three bedroom duplex apartment, measuring at approximately 2160 sq. ft, you will find a property that truly ticks every single box! Here you are located just off Chapel Street, one of..."
"**STUNNING THROUGHOUT**DETACHED** Downstairs the property comprises of two separate reception rooms, Utility room, and a great size L-shaped kitchen/ dining with French doors leading onto the garden. The upstairs benefits from 3 substantial bedrooms with an en-suite to the main, and on..."
"*FREEHOLD TITLE PURCHASABLE* Beautifully presented and decorated throughout, This semi detached property is tucked away on a quiet cul de sac location. Conveniently situated close to local walks, restaurants, schools and amenities making this an ideal family home. Benefitting from gas central hea..."
"**FREEHOLD AVAILABLE TO PURCHASE 13.5K!** Hunters Worsley are delighted to introduce to the market this simply stunning semi-detached townhouse property on Old Boatyard Lane, Worsley Village. On entrance, there is a welcoming hallway with access to the lounge, to the rear aspect the..."
***PRIME LOCATION*** MANCHESTER'S MOST LUXURIOUS APARTMENTS. Redefining Central Manchester. Iconic 40-storey Tower situated just off Deansgate boasts 327 impeccable & luxury apartments that give residents an outstanding quality of living.
"A THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM, semi-detached property located in the HEART OF WEST DIDSBURY, within a short stroll of the Metrolink and Burton Road with its array of cafes, restaurants and shops. The great location gives easy access to the city centre via public transport links and the nearby motorway n..."
"NO CHAIN. A rare opportunity to acquire a three bedroom semi-detached property situated in a highly popular residential area in Chorlton off Wilbraham Road. Walking distance to the centre of Chorlton with all its array of independent cafes/shops/bars, a five-minute walk to both Beech Road, Chor..."
"TRADING PLACES are pleased to have available this beautifully presented three bedroom semi-detached property which benefits from double glazing and gas central heating.  Briefly the accommodation comprises of open entrance porch, entrance hall, lounge and a stunning kitchen/living area with Bi..."
"A MAGNIFICENT, EXTENDED four/five bedroom, two bathroom semi detached property boasting GENEROUSLY PROPORTIONED living space throughout. Located down a quiet residential street, just a short distance from a range of amenities, transport links and local reputable schools, presenting the perfect op..."
---- 3D FLOORPLANS & VIRTUAL TOUR ---- Home Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this superb three bedroom extended detached property offering fantastic family sized accommodation located on one of Audenshaw's most sought-after roads. The well planned accommodation has been well c...
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to market this immaculately presented 4 bedroom town house within short walking distance of Manchester City Centre. Irwell Riverside is an award winning development built by Urban Splash and designed by award winning architects Shedkm. Despite being located so ...
"If It's Charm & Character You're After Then Look No Further! Set in the heart of historic & picturesque Worsley, from the moment you step through the gate into the landscaped cottage garden this property has everything you could imagine & more with a contemporary fully refurbi..."
"A brand-new development of 4 modern semi-detached homes which boast spacious light-filled rooms over three floors, and many features including vaulted ceilings and walk out roof terraces with glass balustrades. Highly deceptive and measuring an impressive 1505 square feet (including the balcony),..."
"This superb detached property offers a lot more than the traditional substantial family home. Uniquely it has a good sized self contained swimming pool complete with changing rooms which currently produces a good income as a swim school and private pool. In our opinion with the pool, the size an..."
This immaculate residence has been significantly extended and it offers superb accommodation which will suit the needs of family purchasers in particular. The presentation is of an extremely high standard throughout and the house simply must be seen in order to be appreciated. ...
"Positioned in the coolest neighbourhood in the world, Ancoats is one of the most popular areas to live in the whole of Europe. Combining a fascinating mix of old and new, on the doorstep of central Manchester, Ancoats constantly comes out in top spot as favourite residential destinatio..."
Normie are delighted to bring to market this five bedroom semi- detached house that has been extended to provide a most spacious of living spaces.
"*Incentives Available* This first floor 1018 square foot first floor is tucked away in the thriving business hub of Manchester. It's positioned just off Kings Street, granting exceptional accessibility to the city's premier attractions and dining destinations, such as the renowned Sam's Chop Hous..."
"Introducing a stunning luxury penthouse apartment nestled in the heart of Manchester's bustling business district! Located just off Kings Street, this penthouse offers unparalleled convenience and access to the city's finest landmarks and restaurants, including the iconic Sam's Chop House located..."
ATTRACTIVE THREE BEDROOM FAMILY SEMI DETACHED WITH A FANTASTIC GREAT SIZE REAR GARDEN.This home is in a great location with close access to Longford Park and is only a short walk into Chorlton.  Well presented throughout this lovely family property offers spacious accommodat...
"Advertised for £145 pppw from 1st July 2023 to 30th June 2024, expected gross income of £43,355.00. The property is currently let to the 30th of June 2023 with a gross income of £35,880 on ..."
"Extending over 1400sqft and boasting three double bedrooms, three reception rooms and separate brick built garage; this detached family home sits on a huge south facing plot.
"
"Ideally Located Salford Investment Opportunity: Situated within an enviable part of Salford, where over £1 billion is being invested into regeneration projects, including MediaCityUK, this property development is not one to be missed. A94"
"A larger than average THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM apartment positioned on the SECOND FLOOR of the highly sought after ROYAL MILLS DEVELOPMENT with TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES and offered with NO VENDOR CHAIN. EWS1 Available. Mortgage Buyers Welcome.
"
CHAIN FREE * FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME OR INVESTMENT * SPREAD OVER FOUR FLOORS * 6 DOUBLE BEDROOMS & A SINGLE * This FABULOUS PROPERTY is coming to the market CHAIN FREE
"A stylish and sophisticated period family home boasting the perfect combination of traditional and contemporary features throughout while situated in a popular and convenient location close to amenities, schools and transport links. This magnificent property has recently undergone a dazzl..."
"A MUST SEE HOME! Proud to present an outstanding 4 bedroom semi detached home to the open market. Property comprises of, lounge, kitchen, conservatory, downstairs WC, separate annexe which has a living room, bedroom with En-suite, Delightful rear garden with summer house which has a hot tub enclo..."
"A spacious and well maintained family home, close to Stretford Tram Stop, many local amenities and within catchement area of good schools
The property has been extended to the rear, comprising briefly; lovely entrance hallway, beautfully presented front living room. To the rear of the property th..."
"This is a unique opportunity to buy a beautiful three bedroom, three bathroom townhouse in the heart of Ancoats. This neighbourhood has become Manchester`s hippest district, next door to the Northern Quarter and surrounded by cool cafés, a wealth of independent restaurants and bars and ..."
"This immaculate newly refurbished 3-bedroom semi-detached period property is situated in the ever-popular Rocky Lane close to Monton Village. This home has an abundance of original features and spans across three floors. On entry, through the entrance hallway, you are met to..."
"Situated on a quiet residential road, a beautifully presented and EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM 1930's SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY offering spacious and light family accommodation throughout. This splendid property offers a TWENTY SEVEN FOOT THROUGH LOUNGE/DINING ROOM as well as a delightful breakfast kitche..."
"LAST REMAINING 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT A huge 1035sqft apartment on the 45rd floor with ensuite to master and walk in wardrobe. Amenities include spa, deluxe gym, working space, lounges etc. This iconic skyscraper has a changed Manchester's residential market for good. Offering ..."
"LAST REMAINING 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT A huge 1035sqft apartment on the 43rd floor with ensuite to master and walk in wardrobe. Amenities include swimming pool, spa, gym and full size tennis court. This iconic skyscraper has a changed Manchester's residential market for good. Of..."
"Introducing the most exquisite standards of luxury living to Manchester’s very own cultural powerhouse, One Port Street will revolutionise the residential market in the Northern Quarter. Soon to become Manchester’s most desired development, One Port Street stands in a league of its ow..."
"A rare opportunity, on the market for the first time in 50 years. A four bedroomed unusually spacious family home, situated on a great plot with potential to extend to the side, rear and loft of this period property. Detached garage with access to rear.
So much potential. Block viewing"
"This modern and AMAZINGLY presented SPACIOUS, EXTENDED PERIOD freehold property is RECENTLY RENOVATED and is ready to move into as it is offered with NO ONWARD VENDOR CHAIN. It is situated in a very popular, sought after location as it is centrally located and is only a 5-minute walk to the he..."
"NEW LAUNCH: Introducing the most exquisite standards of luxury living to the Capital of the North, Manchester.The first residential development of its kind, One Port Street pushes the boundaries of resident experience like never before to redefine city living."
"Soon to become Manchester's most desired development, One Port Street stands in a league of its own. A five-star living experience in the city's creative capital, residents will have access to the finest amenities on the market, pushing the boundaries of resident experience like never before"
"**INCREDIBLE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY **STUNNING HOMES** HIGH RENTAL YIELDS** ULTRA-MODERN INTERIOR** INCREDIBLE LOCATION** UNIQUE ARCHITECTURAL DESIGNS** COMPLETING THIS YEAR** REPUTABLE DEVELOPER**
"
"A striking new feature on the city's skyline, Vision is Manchester's most prestigious new luxury development and comprises 37 storeys of prime residential apartments in the very heart of the city centre."
FOUR BEDROOMS IN THE WEST POINT! An beautifully presented extended four bedroom semi-detached property in Le...
It is with great pleasure that we offer for sale this most attractive FOUR BEDROOM semi detached family home which benefits from a large loft conversion providing a master bedroom with an en-suite shower room. 
" Manchester student apartments from £120,000 with 6% returns. A487"
"An immaculately presented, TOTALLY RENOVATED AND EXTENDED THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED 1930S PROPERTY, ideally placed for all local amenities, schools and transport links. This delightful property is offered for sale in MOVE-IN READY CONDITION, having recently undergone a total renovation c..."
"FANTASTIC MONTON POSITION! HOME ESTATE AGENTS agents are priviledged to offer for sale this much loved and extended four bedroom semi detached property which is located within a short walk to Monton Road. Witha n array of shops, bars, restaurants, walks and not forgetting Monton Green primary sch..."
"OFFERS INVITED - An ATTRACTIVE 1930's FOUR BEDROOM semi-detached property situated in a SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION close to DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 1274 sq ft. The accommodation requires cosmetic updating throughout but has been well maintained and briefly consists of: a storm porch, hallway, cloakroom, din..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A beautifully presented & tastefully extended, THREE BEDROOMED, bay fronted, traditional, semi-detached property situated on this highly popular residential road off Wilbraham Road here in Chorlton. Within a five-minute walk from the Metrolink station at Morris..."
"Advantage Investment are delighted to present a stunning development in the heart of Manchester.1, 2, and 3 bedroom apartments available. * Projected returns 7%.* Ideal for investors and homeowners alike."
"A stunning and beautifully upgrade three DOUBLE bedroom semi detached family home located at the head of a cul-de-sac. Located in a desirable area within walking distance to Wythenshawe Park and Moor Road Metrolink station with access to Manchester Airport, the city centre and beyond. Great..."
"Delighted to present this 6 bedroom 2 reception rooms property spread over 4 floors with a spacious garden. The internal accommodation comprises: entrance hallway, lounge with bay window to the front aspect, dining room, dining kitchen.
Large cellars to the lower ground floor that give direct ac..."
In the heart of one of Manchester's most exciting and fastest growing area.***Huge Capital Growth Forecast******Potential Net Yield From 5.5%***Trafford Bar Apartments is a stunning new luxury development perfect for residents and investors.
"Manhattan, a luxury duplex apartment centrally located with a parking space included!"
"A wonderful extended period home on Greenbank Avenue offering spacious accommodation which measures an impressive 1570 square feet. With the added benefit of a lower ground floor which has plastered walls and carpeted flooring, these chambers are currently being used as an occasional bedroom/livi..."
"***UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY***PERIOD PROPERTY***DETACHED****LARGE GROUNDS***WOODHOUSES LOCATION****FOUR BEDROOMS***WELL PRESENTED*** Cousins Estate Agents are please to present this SUBSTANTIAL PROPERTY located in the heart of the popular Woodhouses Village, Failsworth. This unique property ha..."
"This well presented extended semi detached property is the perfect family home. The property briefly comprises entrance hallway, lounge, second reception room, family dining kitchen, great size pantry that could be used for other purposes. To the first floor you will find 2 double bedrooms, small..."
"A STYLISH TOWNHOUSE, located within a PRESTIGIOUS GATED DEVELOPMENT, a stones throw away of the River Irwell, and within easy reach of Manchester City Centre, offered for sale with NO CHAIN. The accommodation consists of an entrance hallway, a stunning open plan living area incorporating a design..."
"COULD THIS BE THE ONE?A beautifully presented four bedroom period semi-detached property in the heart of M19, set over four floors including three cellar chamber. Retaining many of the buildings original features with a well balanced combination of modern style of living. In addition t..."
"Bentley Hurst are proud to offer this oustanding two bedroom apartment for sale in, The Edge. EWS1 Form Available - Mortgage Buyers Welcome. A splendid two bedroom, two bathroom apartment situated on the 15th floor with gorgeous views of the River Irwell. Virtual Tour Available."
"DETACHED PERIOD PROPERTY WITHIN THE CONSERVATION AREA! This property is sure to tick all the boxes, a DETACHED three bedroom property with off road parking, detached garage and and extended kitchen.Upon entering you'll be met with a open hallway with period features..."
***COMPLETE & READY NOW*** ***PRIME LOCATION*** ***5 STAR AMENITIES*** 
**CITY CENTRE LOCATION** ON-SITE GYM & POOL** INCREDIBLE SPECIFICATION** COMMUNAL LANDSCAPED GARDEN** UNIQUE CONTEMPORARY YET URBAN DESIGN** EXPOSED BRICK** GRADE II LISTED VIADUCT**
"A SPACIOUS home in Manchester, ideal for INVESTORS or DEVELOPERS. Call to enquire! Bettermove are proud to present this 6 bedroom semi-detached house in Manchester. The property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating throughout and has off street parking avai..."
"New Cross Central is a development of 80 high quality new 1, 2 and 3 bedroom homes, with individual townhouses, one of a kind penthouses, and unique apartments on offer"
"New Cross Central is a new build development with a twist on internal finishes which makes it stand out from the crowd. Unique features such as exposed concrete walls, full height feature windows, brass finishes & Crittall style shower screens offer a luxurious and modern feel. "
"THREE BEDROOM PENTHOUSE DUPLEX, THE HEART, MEDIACITYUK, LARGE ROOF TERRACE, WITH CANAL AND SOUTH FACING VIEWS, BUUILT IN KITCHEN, LEASEHOLD, AVAILABLE NOW."
Buy to let residential investments with high capital growth in Central Manchester. 6% returns. A508
"A beautifully presented bay-fronted Victorian terrace situated on a quiet backwater in the heart of Didsbury village. Three double bedrooms, two modern bathrooms, open-plan living/dining room, stylish kitchen, private courtyard garden and off-road parking for two cars."
"This incredible skyscraper has a range of 1,2 and 3 bedroom apartments that are changing Manchester's residential market. Offering modern facilities in a fantastic city-centre location, investors have the opportunity to acquire a buy to let investment opportunity with only a 25% deposit required...."
Uniquely placed three bedroom property with high quality views of the Manchester skyline.
"Four Bedroom Family Home, located in the Heart of Worsley Village. Offering Well Presented Accommodation Set Over Three Floors, complete with Modern Kitchen/Diner, Lounge, Four Bedrooms, Two En-Suites and a Family Bathroom, complete with well maintained gardens and two allocated car parking spaces."
"A Simply Stunning, Contemporary Town House Located On The Prestigious Boatyard Development In Worsley Village! This immaculate home is set over three floors, having an enviable position on the Highly Desirable Old Boatyard Lane In Worsley a private road which is a moments stroll from the pictures..."
Situated on MONTON HIGH STREET is this FABULOUS DOUBLE FRONTED FAMILY HOME & SHOP! The property is currently split into a SHOP FRONT and a FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME making this the ideal home and business opportunity in the vibrant Monton village.
"A spectacular Four-bedroom detached home tucked away in a quiet location! Available in no chain and finished to a high standard throughout, viewings are highly recommended!"
"Situated on arguably the best road in Didsbury nestled in the leafy Blackburn Park conservation area this stunning duplex apartment offers stylish and spacious accommodation over two floors. Boasting an array of attractive period features combined with modern comforts, it's own private entran..."
"+++HMO INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY+++ 6 Bedroom, 4 Storey HMO property for sale in the heart of Rusholme."
"****EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT OF 4 DETACHED FAMILY PROPERTIES****PRICES FROM £450,000****HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION**** BUILT TO A HIGH SPECIFICATION****IDEAL FOR FAMILY**** We are delighted to bring to the market Medlock Gardens, an exclusive development of 4, detached spacious family homes, situa..."
"Luxury 1 and 2-bedroom apartments in Deansgate, Manchester city centre. Invest from £174,995. A515"
"**RELIABLY TENANTED PROPERTY** Welcome to a brilliant investment opportunity to purchase a reliably tenanted two-bed apartment with a fantastic balcony, occupying a fantastic position in one of Manchester's most sought-after developments. Oxygen Tower a 32-storey neighbourhood in Manche..."
Briscombe are Delighted To Offer Sale this Well Presented Four Bedroom Semi-Detached Family Home located in a cul-de-sac in the Heart of Worsley Village.
"Simply stunning! This beautiful four bedroom, three bathroom property constructed in 2021 offers immaculately presented spacious accommodation over three floors. Built by JC Brennan Developments renowned builders to a high specification with every attention to detail paid to create a superb home...."
"This extremely unique and distinctive detached Victorian property has been tastefully modernised while retaining its original period features throughout. The property is conveniently located in close proximity to bars, restaurants, local schools and motorway links. The ground floor comprises an e..."
"Luxury Manchester property with experienced management and 6% yields. A desirable location, huge potential growth and below-market prices make this a perfect buy to let opportunity. A165"
"An exceptionally spacious and versatile executive detached home at the head of a quiet cul-de-sac, boasting FIVE BEDROOMS over approx 1500sqft of living space perfect for upsizing families. Boasting a near self contained living space to the ground floor with it's own three piece bathroom, the pro..."
" Northwood Sales & Lettings are delighted to offer for sale this extended detached family home situated in Worsley. This spacious property comprises entrance hallway, three reception rooms, kitchen/diner, utility room, downstairs WC, three bedrooms, family bathroom and fitted loft space. ..."
Generously sized three bedroom apartment within walking distance of Manchester's Northern Quarter.
"A SUBSTANTIAL, EXTENDED period property that benefits from FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, TWO BATHROOMS, a SHOWER ROOM, a CELLAR, a driveway providing plenty of off-road parking and a 38FT GARAGE. This property must be seen to fully appreciate its size, secure your viewing today!"
"TWO PLOTS REMAINING PRICE START FROM £450,000 PART-EXCHANGE AVAILABLE! INCENTIVES AVAILABLE Exclusive development of just four, detached four bedroom family homes. The properties have been finished to a superb standard and include; Contemporary quality fully..."
"Bridgfords are delighted to bring to the market this seven bedroom detached family home in Reddish. Situated in a sought after residential area, this property is surrounded by a range of local amenities. This includes, but is not restricted to a thorough transport system including easy access to ..."
"A simply stunning 'garden cottage' on the hugely sought after Lidgate Grove, just a short stroll to the heart of Didsbury village. Boasting a beautiful and long south facing garden with a superb garden cabin, this characterful home is particularly well presented throughout and finished to an exc..."
**EXECUTIVE FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED**SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT**LOCATED WITHIN CLOSE DISTANCE TO TRANSPORT LINKS AND SCHOOLS**WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT**OFF ROAD PARKING**SPACIOUS LOUNGE**DINING/KITCHEN**MODERN FITTED KITCHEN**EN SUITE TO MASTER**GARAGE**ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN** Alex Jones Estate Agen...
*** MANCHESTER'S MOST LUXURIOUS APARTMENTS*** Redefining Central Manchester. Iconic 40 storey Tower situated just off Deansgate boasts 327 impeccable & luxury apartments that give residents an outstanding quality of living.
Normie Estate Agents are pleased to bring to market this five bedroom semi-detached home which has been renovated and extended.
"Fantastic extended three bedroom semi detached property situated in the sought after location of Chorlton. Boasting well proportioned and well presented accommodation throughout, the property briefly comprises of an entrance porch opening to a welcoming hallway which leads to a bright lounge wit..."
Salford Apartments with 6% rental returns 900m from Spinningfields business district. A621
"Delightful three bedroom traditional semi detached property recently renovated throughout to provide the perfect blend of original features combined with modern style. Situated in this highly desirable location in Chorlton, close to all local amenities including excellent schools and with great ..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this stunning two double bedroom corner aspect apartment situated on the 6th floor of The Edge in a highly sought-after location on the outskirts of Manchester City Centre. As well as being sold with no onward chain, this close to 1,200 sq ft pro..."
This stunning family home is situated on the sought after Taylor Wimpey Kings Grange estate in Audenshaw built in 2018. Close to a wealth of local amenities and excellent transport links. The property is in catchment for local reputable schools making it the perfect choice for families.
"A fantastic detached property located in a Leafy cul-de-sac position just off the popular Radcliffe Park Road in Salford. The property is located close to excellent transport links into Media City, Salford Quays and Manchester City Centre and walking distance to Salford Royal Hospital and well-r..."
"* STUNNING PERIOD PROPERTY * LOTS OF CHARACTER * Spread over 3 floors, and offering an ABUNDANCE OF SPACE, this FABULOUS FAMILY HOME features 4 GENROUS BEDROOMS a large landing, and family bathroom to the first floor, whilst the ground floor comprises of an entrance hallway, 2 RECEPTION ROOMS, an..."
SUPERBLY SIZED HOUSE IN A FANTSTIC LOCATION  A significantly extended semi detached family residence occupying a larger than average corner plot positioned in...
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A modern & very spacious, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM, two bathroom, larger than average semi-detached family home located off Kings Road here in Old Trafford. Positioned on a highly desirable tree lined residential road, the property is within easy walking distance of Seymour &..."
"Are you looking for a RARE property with a WOW FACTOR? This EXTENDED, modern and IMMACULATE, freehold property is finished to a HIGH STANDARD THROUGHOUT and sits on a large plot, boasting an amazing 2233sqft of living space. The stylish property benefits from an INDIAN LIMESTONE paved OUTDOOR ..."
"** VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE ** A rare opportunity to purchase this fantastic, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM, garden fronted, period terrace property positioned on a popular cul-de-sac in the heart of Chorlton Green. Set over 3 floors the property would benefit from cosmetic updating but offering exciting scop..."
"Three bedroom link detached property with garage, situated in this much sought after location of Chorlton close to all local amenities including excellent schools. This fantastic property offers well proportioned accommodation comprising of a welcoming entrance porch, which opens to the dining a..."
"A stylish and beautifully presented two bedroom executive apartment situated in the highly sought after 'Green Walk' development by PJ Livesey only moments from West Didsbury. Two double bedrooms, two modern bathrooms, impressive open-plan living/dining room, stunning kitchen with integra..."
"This stunning new development will give residents an unrivalled living standard. comprised of 1, 2, and penthouse apartments. Residents will benefit from its best-in-class amenities, which include a Private lounge, cinema room, state-of-the-art gymnasium, yoga studios, and swimming pool. "
"Investor Exclusive: Invest in luxury buy to let properties in Manchester from £174,995. Located in a popular residential area of central Manchester, you can earn high rental income alongside capital growth for a healthy return on your investment. A1110"
"Investor Exclusive: Invest in luxury buy to let properties in Manchester from £174,995. Located in a popular residential area of central Manchester, you can earn high rental income alongside capital growth for a healthy return on your investment. A1128"
Buy to let residential investments with high capital growth in Central Manchester. 6% returns. A514
You won't find deals like these ones in the area; our prices are 34% below local comparable prices! Request a free virtual tour today! A232
You won't find deals like these ones in the area; our prices are 34% below local comparable prices! Request a free virtual tour today! A210
Central apartments in Deansgate with 11.7% price growth forecast by 2027! A495
"Invest from £174,995 in below market value apartments in Greater Manchester. 6% returns projected.A620"
"A well presented and spacious three bedroom semi detached property situated in the popular Chorlton Green. Two generous reception rooms with the dining room benefiting from a bay fronted window, modern fitted kitchen, two good sized double bedrooms and a contemporary bathroom suite. The property..."
DEPOSIT BOOST ON THIS HOME - Stunning 3 bedroom townhouse with outdoor roof terrace and garden just a few minutes from the city centre of Manchester. GATED PARKING.
"Converted from a period semi-detached into three, fully contained apartments, each with tenants and ongoing income. 14 Burlington Road is set in a prime M20 location. With easy access to and from Withington, Didsbury, as well the city centre and award-winning local amenities. Boasting four floor..."
"NO CHAIN!!! A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM VICTORIAN SEMI-DETACHED, WITH A LOFT ROOM THAT COULD BE USED FOR A HOME OFFICE. POSITIONED ON A LARGE CORNER PLOT WITH OFF-ROAD PARKING AND AN OUTHOUSE FOR EXTRA STORAGE. VIEWING IS ESSENTIAL TO UNDERSTAND WHAT THIS PROPERTY HAS TO OFFER. !!"
"This simply stunning extended semi detached property offers a truly amazing lifestyle opportunity for any family. The residence offers an abundance of space throughout, featuring an impressive entrance hall with feature staircase and lift to 1st floor, good size office/second living room, superb..."
"A recently renovated six bedroom semi detached property. From the outside this property has beautiful period features, internally the property has been fully updated and benefits from a new roof, full re-plastering throughout, additional insulation and a specialist ventilation system. Internally ..."
"At the forefront of the Victoria Riverside development and rising at 37 storeys, Crown View is the tallest of the three towers offering undisturbed views of the Manchester skyline."
 ***MANCHESTER'S MOST EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT*** ***PROJECTED 6% YIELDS GROSS & 12% CAPITAL GROWTH DURING BUILD PERIOD*** ***COMPLETION Q4 2025*** ***5 STAR LIVING EXPERIENCE*** 
"MeadowSide is a collection of two distinctive buildings. Of contrasting materials, elements and details. One, two and three bedroom apartments and penthouses"
THIS PLOT IS NOW RESERVED. The Fairway Views is a stylish new build development consisiting of 4 bedroom mews properties all of which offer parking and a garden. The detail that has gone into these homes cannot be missed. The location of the site gives views of the Brookdale Golf Club...
"A beautifully presented FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM MODERN TOWNHOUSE, located on a quiet treelined road in Whalley Range. This splendid property, boasting both OFF ROAD PARKING and a SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN, is offered for sale in MOVE-IN READY CONDITION, having been tastefully updated and decorated by ..."
"Larger-style 1930s family home on a substantial corner plot on Curtis Road, Heaton Mersey, offered to the market chain-free and in need of modernisation throughout that will be of particular appeal to family buyers seeking a forever home to improve to their own specification. Promising a generous..."
"Brand new completed apartments in prime location. The luxury apartments at this development are perfect for investors and owner occupiers alike, offering unrivalled city living in the largest green space in Manchester city centre. This development is completed and ready for ..."
"Rarely Does A Property Like This Come To The Market With No Chain! Currently a work in progress this superb family home has undergone a simply stunning full refurbishment and has been tastefully and stylishly renovated and restored. A fantastic family home with its superb layout, offers an abunda..."
"EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM HOME!! Take a look at this superb family home which benefits from a SPACIOUS OPEN-PLAN LIVING SPACE, OFF-ROAD PARKING, EN-SUITE TO THE MASTER BEDROOM and a CONSERVATORY!"
"AN OUTSTANDING FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME Having been presented and maintained to the highest standard throughout with added two storey extension, modern fixtures and fittings, two bathrooms and spacious rooms throughout, this enviable four bedroom semi detached property is being proudly welcom..."
Must be viewed! A superb three double bedroom garden terrace property situated in the heart of Heaton Moor and boasting an excellent sized rear garden of approx 60 foot in length and off road parking via double opening gates to the side. 
Well Presented and Extended Detached. Four bedrooms. Recently Refitted Quality Kitchen. Main Family Bathroom. En-suite and Cloakroom. Open Plan Lounge/Dining Room. Conservatory. Quality Flooring Throughout. Large Enclosed Rear Garden. Detached Workshop
"Luxurious duplex two bedroom apartment with parking included, in the highly acclaimed Leftbank development."
"Harratts Property Services are pleased to present this fabulous, extended, four-bedroom detached property in a quiet cul-de-sac situated in the heart of South Reddish. This is a perfect opportunity for a growing family or investment purposes. The property is close to the ever popular Reddish Vale..."
"Clive Anthony are pleased to offer for sale this spacious, four bedroom, extended detached family being well positioned on a quiet cul-de-sac yet convenient for public transport links, schools, shops and with easy access onto the motorway networks. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall..."
**VIEW HOME NOW AVAILABLE TO RESERVE** Family Homes | Stunning Modern Development | High Quality Build | Ten Year Global Warranty | High End Kitchen Appliances | 4 Bedrooms | Large Glass Windows | Off Street Parking | Garden | Views of the Golf Course
"We work with national and global property investors, offering some of the very best investment property for sale in the UK, as well as consulting on their current buy to let portfolios and property investments."
"PENTHOUSE LIVING! Located on the top floor of the development, this fantastic penthouse apartment benefits from being corner position and offers stunning views from the south west facing living area. Offering buyers a range of exclusive services and amenities making work, life and play seamless...."
"Advertised for £140 pppw from 1st July 2023 to 30th June 2024, expected gross income of £41,860.00. Current tenancy runs to the 30th of June with a gross income of £33,487.89. To..."
"STUNNING SOUTH FACING VIEWS from the 41st floor of the highly sought-after East Tower of the iconic DEANSGATE SQUARE development. Known as a new Manchester City centre landmark, Deansgate Square is the pinnacle of LUXURIOUS living. Complete with swimming pool, duplex gymnasium, terrace garden and..."
PLOTS AVAILABLE TO RESERVE NOW. The Fairway Views is a stylish new build development consisiting of 4 bedroom mews properties all of which offer parking and a garden. The detail that has gone into these homes cannot be missed. The location of the site gives views of the Brookdale Golf ...
"SUPERB INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY Currently let until June 2023 at £1650 PCM. A great opportunity to purchase a 49th floor apartment in the renwowned Deansgate Square development by Renaker. Comprising of entrance hallway, spacious livign area and fitted kitch..."
"An opportunity to purchase a spacious four bedroom detached home in Heaton Chapel. This impressive home is sure to be popular. It requires some modernisation, but offers huge potential and a wealth of period features. The accommodation comprises of; entrance hallway, lounge, separate dining room,..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. A six double bedroom, three bathroom student property, currently rented for £34,500 per annum (8.02% yield). The property comprises six substantial bedrooms, spread over three floors and fully furnished with beds, desks and wardrobes, perfect for students..."
Four double bedroom DETACHED house | Sought after location in Woodhouses Village | Ideal FAMILY HOME | Superbly presented | Ready to move into | DRIVEWAY parking and integral GARAGE | Enclosed and private rear garden | Close to open countryside and Daisy Nook | Easy access to commuter links | Ple...
"**STUNNING NEW HOMES** ULTRA-MODERN INTERIOR** INCREDIBLY DESIRABLE LOCATION** UNIQUE ARCHITECTURAL DESIGNS** PERFECT FAMILY HOME** COMPLETING THIS YEAR** REPUTABLE DEVELOPER**
"
"A fabulous opportunity to acquire a four bedroom DETACHED property, in need of modernisation the new owner can transform this property to t..."
"Don't miss out on this stunning collection of 1,2 & 3 bedroom apartments located in the heart of Manchester these apartments are comprised of high-end appliances, floor to ceiling windows and built-in wardrobes. "
"*£12,000 PAID TOWARDS YOUR MORTGAGE* GREEN MORTGAGE ELIGIBLE (SELECTED LENDERS) PRIVATE GATED COMMUNITY FREEHOLD  EN-SUITE TO MAIN BEDROOM  The Ashley Max boasts beautiful 3 storey town house living. With a modern, 4 bedroom fami..."
"Enjoy luxury communal facilities, including coworking space, lounge, a private dining room and 44th floor swimming pool and gym. 8th floor corner unit with Castle Wharf views."
"ATTENTION ALL INVESTORS BRAND NEW LAUNCH: X1 - Michigan Towers Media City, ManchesterNew Launch of 1316 residential apartments built by the award winning X1 Developments with early bird pricing and exceptional offers for the first wave of investors. 6% Yield. Exclusive first release of Tower 1"
"A wonderfully positioned end terraced property in the hugely desirable Didsbury Gate development. Surrounded by stunning communal grounds with secure gated access, and just a short stroll from the ever popular Burton Road and the Metrolink, this location is hard to beat. Well presented througho..."
"A 1950’s four bedroom semi detached family home that has been EXTENDED to the rear, a convenient LOFT CONVERSION with ENSUITE creating the ideal space for growing family. The property is ideally located just a few minutes walk from Heaton Moor Village, a range of local schools and transport..."
"***HOT HOT HOT*** ***Only ONE plot remaning!*** Bridgford’s, in conjunction with Branley Homes are proud to present Moorcroft Gardens, an exclusive development of 8, four-bedroom contemporary townhouses situated in a quiet residential area within walking distance of lo..."
"Stunning new build development located in Manchester City Centre, consisting of 2 and 3 bedroom spacious apartments. This cutting edge development located a short 5 minute walk from Victoria Station and Manchester's iconic Northern Quarter, making it the perfect home for professionals"
"Check out this stunning semi-detached townhouse that has just hit the market. Set over three floors and features five bedrooms, a lounge, an open-plan kitchen/diner, integral garage, two bathrooms, and a ground floor WC. Outside benefits from off-road parking to the front and a private rear garden."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An attractive & well-kept, THREE BEDROOMED, bay fronted, period, semi-detached property situated in a highly popular residential location here in Whalley Range off College Road. Within walking distance to fantastic transport links on Upper Chorlton Road, giving you direc..."
"Trading Places are pleased to put to market a beautifully presented and high standard four bedroom town house. On entering the home through the hallway there is a storage cupboard, a W/C and a large open spacious modern kitchen/diner/lounge.To the first floor there is a reception..."
** FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACH *** RECENTLY RENOVATED *** SIDE & REAR EXTENDED *** GAS CENTRAL HEATING *** FRONT DRIVEWAY *** LARGE GARDEN *** DOUBLE GLAZING *** OFF MAIN KINGSWAY *** CLOSE TO ALL AMENITIES *** CENTRALLY LOCATED TO SCHOOLS *** EASY ACCESS TO TRANSPORTATION LINKS *** NO ONWARD CHAIN **
"Ideally Located Salford Investment Opportunity: Situated within an enviable part of Salford, where over £1 billion is being invested into regeneration projects, including MediaCityUK, this property development is not one to be missed. A100"
"Luxury Residential Apartments: Invest in Manchester's latest off plan property with luxury facilities including a rooftop garden, coffee bar and gym. Prices start from £174,995 with full management provided. A1127"
"Key features Well presented throughout having undergone extensive renovation restoring original features Ideal for large families Fantastic development potential for investors Great size cellar with potential for conversion Five double bedrooms Two reception rooms Two bathrooms..."
"This unique property is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac. With its generous size and modernly decorated design, it benefits hugely from a newly fitted kitchen extension at the rear of the property. Located close to transport links."
*** FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY ***IMMACULATE CONDITION*** MODERN KITCHEN *** GROUND FLOOR WC *** MASTER BEDROOM WITH EN-SUITE BATHROOM *** OFF ROAD PARKING *** ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN*** EASY ACCESS TO MANCHESTER CITY CENTRE *** CLOSE TO UNIVERSITY BUILDINGS & SCHOOLS ***
"Normie Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this extended five bedroom semi-detached home which is located on the popular Beckley Avenue in the heart of Prestwich and offers scope to improve and add value and is well situated for local shops, public transport links and with easy access i..."
"Simply stunning! This spacious sub-penthouse apartment has been designed to exploit the stunning views across historic Ancoats all the way to the city limits and Pennines beyond. Immaculately presented throughout, the living area and main bedroom feature full-height corner windows creating a ligh..."
"A new, exclusive boutique development of only 14 luxurious 1 & 2 bed apartments. This spacious 3 bedroom apartment is circa 920 square foot and now available to buy. The development totals 14 luxurious apartments which have been created within the upper floors of three adjoining histori..."
Strike is pleased to present this property in Manchester.
"Request Free Info Pack Today! These ultra-modern apartments offer a high rental yield of 6%, meaning you could be earning a projected rental income starting from £10,797.A225"
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FOUR BED DETACHED PROPERTY LOCATED ON A HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT *** IDEAL FPROPERTY FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS, YOUNG PROFESSIONALS, FAMILIES & BUY TO LET LANDLORDS LOOKING FOR A GOOD RETURN *** EASY ACCESS TO MANCHESTER CITY CENTRE *** EARLY & INTERNAL VIEWING IS H..."
"Looking for a high a high spec property in the heart of the City? - Look no further Located on the 17th floor this superb 776sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high finish kitchen with integrated appliances, two double ..."
"A superb semi-detached family home in one of the most desirable areas of Prestwich. The property is a short walk to the village centre and is extremely convenient for everything that Prestwich has to offer: - The village centre with its increasingly eclectic mix of bars, cafes and restaurants..."
"This spacious two bedroom detached true bungalow is a must see for all buyers, garden fronted set back from road with driveway, garage and sold with no onward chain. The property features a spacious lounge leading through to a good size dining room, conservatory and fitted kitchen with ample stor..."
Well Presented Traditional Semi Detached. Large Extension to Rear. Three Double Bedrooms. Large Comprehensively Fitted Kitchen with granite work surfaces. Modern Shower Room and Cloak Room. Off Road Parking and Good Sized Garden. Office. Sought After Cul-De-Sac Location. 
"*MORTGAGE BUYERS INVITED* Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale THE ORIGINAL SHOW APARTMENT on the 7th floor of Leftbank in the heart of Spinningfields. The apartment is one of the larger styles and boats unrestricted river views from two balconies, speaker system built in, walk in wa..."
Attract high demand and generate 6% rental returns with this Manchester city centre investment. Luxury apartments in one of Manchester's most fashionable districts. A157
"*** NO CHAIN *** Situated just a mere few minutes walk from Chorlton Village and Longford Park, a well presented bay fronted THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM 1930s SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY located on a quiet residential road just off Kensington Road. This delightful property benefits from both OFF ROAD PARKING..."
"Fantastic three bedroom semi-detached property in the much sought after location of Chorlton, close to all local amenities including excellent schools and with great access to transport links, this property is ideally situated. Briefly comprising a welcoming hallway, lounge, dining roo..."
"Hunters Worsley are delighted to market this three bedroom semi-detached property with OFF ROAD PARKING, and offered as NO CHAIN & FREEHOLD! Located in MONTON VILLAGE this property is excellent choice for families looking for DESIRABLE SCHOOLS, LEAFY WALKS & great TRANSPORT LINKS INTO MANCHESTER ..."
Extended Semi Detached Property. Four Good Sized Bedrooms. Close to Metro Link Station. Modern Four Piece Bathroom. Spacious Dining Kitchen. Family Room/Sitting Room and Separate Lounge. Downstairs Cloak Room. Detached Garage/Store. Enclosed Southerly Facing Rear Garden. NO VENDOR CHAIN.
"Beautiful 4 bedroom period home packed with character and traditional features. If you`ve been looking for a true family home, this 4 bedroom Victorian semi detached property with it`s spacious rooms, high ceilings, abundance of character and traditional features is going to make your day."
"EWS1 Available. Mortgage Buyers Welcome. A large TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT positioned on the 15TH FLOOR of an ICONIC DEVELOPMENT close to Manchester City Centre sat on the banks of the River Irwell. Finished to an incredibly HIGH SPECIFICATION THROUGHOUT, the property benefits ..."
"This quirky and characterful three bedroomed end terraced property is deceptively spacious and ideally located within Prestwich village also having the priceless prestige of being next door to the synagogue. The accommodation is well presented and briefly comprises entrance hall, lounge, dining r..."
"A stunning MID TERRACED PERIOD PROPERTY located on a popular road ideally placed for Chorlton Park, local amenities, schools, the Metro and Beech Road. Ideal for a couple or young family, this splendid home is offered in immaculate order throughout and comprises briefly: entrance hall with tiled ..."
"A stylish penthouse apartment situated in the exclusive Philip Godlee Lodge development, moments from Didsbury village, boasting superb internal space with immaculate presentation. Two double bedrooms, two bathrooms including an en suite to the master bedroom, open-plan living/dining kitchen with..."
"Completed 1 and 2-bed apartments in Manchester with modern integrated appliances and located in a high demand area of the city. Prices from £200,000. A401"
"Discover spacious, stylish living in this semi-detached home on Norwich Road in Stretford. Recently refurbished and improved with a large two storey extension, this property is decorated throughout to provide bright and spacious accommodation ideal for any growing family. Upon entering the pro..."
**INCREDIBLE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY **STUNNING HOMES** HIGH RENTAL YIELDS** ULTRA-MODERN INTERIOR** INCREDIBLE LOCATION** UNIQUE ARCHITECTURAL DESIGNS** COMPLETING THIS YEAR** REPUTABLE DEVELOPER** 
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THREE BED SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY WHICH IS EXTENDED TO THE SIDE AND CURRENTLY CONVERTED INTO A HAIR SALON BUT COULD HAVE MANY USES AS A HOME BASED BUSINESS - THE ANNEXE COMES WITH A SEPARATE TREATMENT ROOM AND TOILET *** IDEAL PROPERTY FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS, YOUNG PROFESSION..."
"Trading Places (Sale) is delighted to present to the sales market this beautifully presented **THREE BEDROOM DETACHED** family home to the sales market. Situated on a popular modern development boasting a larger-than-average corner plot and a double driveway, and only a moment away from the Me..."
"Receive an info pack today for Manchester city centre apartments starting from £174,995. A513"
"A LOVELY TWO BED APARTMENT ON 14TH FLOOR OF THE LUXERY DEVELOPMENT OF OXYGEN TOWER. This property benefits from an open plan kitchen/living area with a full length balcony, 2 double bedrooms, one with an en-suit and a family bathroom. "
"RECENTLY REFURIBISHED - NO CHAIN Having recently undergone extensive refurbishment, this three-bed, double story, side extended family home is now ready for its new owners. Complete with modern fittings, a new boiler and a HIVE heating system, this home is located on the popular Lynnwo..."
"BUY-TO-LET PROPERTY | RESIDENTIAL APARTMENTS: Northill Apartments stand central in Salford Quays, offering residents incredible views of the city and the development is placed in a convenient and walkable location to all the best amenities Salford has to offer."
Clive Anthony are delighted to offer for sale this spacious three bedroom semi detached home which is located in the most desirable part of Prestwich Village. The vendors have gone to great lengths to retain many original features which truly reflect this homes character. Comprising of an open p...
Wow....Do Not Miss This! A truly outstanding detached property which has been elegantly extended to create a very spacious family home. This stunning traditional home is a one-off and must be viewed internally to fully appreciate the impeccable standard of its quality finish. The Chase is a cosy ...
"Completed residential investment opportunity for buy to let or buy to live purposes. Prices start from £174,995.A619"
"Newly refurbed spacious 1 bed 1st Floor aptment with own grnd flr entrance, finished to a high standard combining brand new fittings with many original features eg fireplace, high ceilings, coving, bay window etc. .The apartment has gas central heating, double glazing and own parking space as well."
A SUPERB FAMILY HOME WITH OFF ROAD PARKING IN SALFORD If you are looking for the perfect family home with spacious interiors then look no further! This bright four bedroom property is being welcomed to the market in a popular area of Salford. Situated just a short drive to the centre of ...
"Brand new corner apartment on the 21st floor. Completed August 2022, Novella combines striking design and quality with first-class amenities, including 24 hour concierge, communal lounges, gym and wellness suite, private dining area, work spaces, bike store and 6th floor podium roof garden with s..."
"** Guide price of £425,000 to £450,000 ** Occupying a generous plot and providing a stunning 'move-in ready' finish this delightful four-bedroom semi-detached family home must be viewed to be fully appreciated. Internally the property is bright, spacious and in brief compri..."
"6% Rental Returns: Luxurious Greater Manchester one, two and three-bedroom apartments, townhouses and duplex units starting from £275,000. A lucrative buy to let residential investment opportunity in a thriving northern city.A99"
"Completed 1 and 2-bed apartments in Manchester with modern integrated appliances and located in a high demand area of the city. Prices from £200,000.A397"
"Residential new build apartments in Manchester city centre from £174,995 with 6% rental returns. A512"
"Luxury Residential Apartments: Invest in Manchester's latest off plan property with luxury facilities including a rooftop garden, coffee bar and gym. Prices start from £174,995 with full management provided. A1109"
"*** Unbeatable Rental NET Yields of 10.72%*** THE PREVIOUS PHASES HAVE BEEN A TREMENDOUS SUCCESS, SHOWING THE HUGE DEMAND FOR PRIME LUXURY RESIDENTIAL HOMES IN SALFORD. NORTHILL APARTMENTS, LOCATED IN THE HEART OF SALFORD QUAYS."
"TWO BED DUPLEX in a 200-year-old RESTORED MILL. Packed with original features: exposed brick, timber beams, huge windows and cast iron columns. Private south facing rooftop terrace, residents' garden with BBQs and fire pits. Minutes from Piccadilly Station, Ancoats and NQ. Pet friendly. No investors"
"City Centre apartments - Q3 2024 This development has elegant spacious apartments overlooking the stunning vistas of Deansgate, Spinningfields and Castlefield, delivers a new level of city centre living to Manchester. Marrying luxury living with unprecedented private on site amenities,..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** Rare to market, a spacious larger than average, THREE BEDROOM, bay fronted, traditional 1930's semi-detached property positioned on a highly desirable cul-de-sac in a leafy location off Whalley Road here in Whalley Range. The property is close to several primary schools, ..."
**SOUGHT AFTER AREA** **CLOSE TO SALFORD ROYAL HOSPITAL** **NO VENDOR CHAIN** **STUNNING LANDSCAPED GARDENS** Stunning detached three bedroom bungalow with garage in a prime location. EPC GRADE E. COUNCIL TAX BAND C. 
"A stylish two bedroom flat with two bedrooms and two bathrooms, in central Manchester."
"A luxury NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT, One Port Street has been designed to provide EXCLUSIVE facilities including a SWIMMING POOL, GYM, URBAN GARDEN, PRIVATE DINING AREA and ROOFTOP TERRACE while offering HIGH SPEC apartments offering CITY VIEWS."
Mixed use investment property and business for sale: Situated in a popular and highly regarded residential location is this largely extended semi detached property which combines high quality living accommodation and a retail shop and business ...
"Looking For A Substantial Period Semi-Detached With Original Features? We think we have found it.... Sell Well are thrilled to be instructed with this beautiful Victorian, Semi Detached property which boasts an enviable position on Hazlehurst Road in Worsley. This impressive home oozes period sty..."
"A large five bedroom property with roof terrace and views over Manchester. To the ground floor is an entrance hall with under stair storage, an open plan living, kitchen and dining area with patio doors out to the rear yard. To the first floor is a landing with two double bedrooms a family bathro..."
"*** FOUR BED SEMI *** TWO BATHROOMS *** LARGE DRIVEWAY & REAR GARDEN *** QUIET, CENTRAL LOCATION IN STOCKPORT *** SHOPS & AMENITIES NEARBY *** DOUBLE GLAZING *** GAS CENTRAL HEATED *** CENTRALLY LOCATED TO SCHOOLS *** EXCELLENT TRANSPORT NETWROK *** NO CHAIN ***"
"Completed Spacious Luxury Three Bedroom Unit Located in near Media City, Manchester. Perfect Opportunity for Owner Occupiers. Residents can Benefit from a Communal Area and Workspace."
"A beautiful & contemporary three bedroom, three bathroom townhouse in the heart of Ancoats. This neighbourhood has become Manchester's most popular district, located next door to the Northern Quarter and surrounded by cool cafés, a wealth of independent restaurants and bars and scenic c..."
"**NO CHAIN** This spacious three bedroom family home has been refurbished throughout to an excellent specification. Situated close to excellent transport links to Salford Quays/Media City and the city centre this property is sure to impress. Comprising inviting entrance hall, lounge with bay wind..."
"*** LUXURY LIVING - NEW BULID APARTMENTS in LEAFY SALFORD *** Martin and Co along with Dream homes construction are proud to introduce six New Luxury Apartments CURRENTLY UNDER CONSTRUCTION, in this affluent area of Salford, Greater Manchester. Situated on Upper Park Road. These incredible r..."
Rothmore Property are delighted to release a limited number of luxury apartments. This is beautiful high spec development where nothing has been overlooked with the finish of each apartment.
"The impressive DUAL ASPECT kitchen’s BI-FOLD DOORS, the sumptuous EN-SUITE principal bedroom, the informal family room and the charming JULIETTE BALCONY on the lounge, all combine to give this home a premium feel. There is also a delightful little TERRACE opening from the third bedroom."
**INCREDIBLE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY **STUNNING HOMES** HIGH RENTAL YIELDS** ULTRA-MODERN INTERIOR** INCREDIBLE LOCATION** UNIQUE ARCHITECTURAL DESIGNS** COMPLETING THIS YEAR** REPUTABLE DEVELOPER**
" Clive Anthony are delighted to offer for sale this detached family home which benefits from four bedrooms and spacious living accommodation. This home is situated on a sizeable plot in a cul de sac being convenient for local shops, public transport links and with easy access into Prestwich Vill..."
"Stunning, fully renovated detached three bedroom family home close to Prestwich Village, with excellent finishes and new rear extension, detached garage and enclosed garden. Close to local amenities, good schools, the motorway network and public transport links."
"***DECIEVINGLY SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME*** This fantastic family home is situated in the popular area of Swinton, with local schools, amenities, and great transport links with the East Lancashire Road nearby taking you straight into City Centre. The home comprises; entrance hallway, large ..."
"NO VENDOR CHAIN! LOCATE ESTATE AGENT are delighted to bring to the market this unique three bedroom detached property "" The Coaching House"" on Gilpin Road in Urmston. Built in 1894 as the stable house to the local mill this attractive dwelling boasts spacious living accommodation throughout with ..."
"*BRAND NEW PENTHOUSE APARTMENT* Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale this stunning, BRAND NEW two/three bedroom top floor apartment in The Press, part of the NOMA development area. Beautifully preserved from its 18th-century origins, the former Cooperative Printing Room is a true Manche..."
"This well presented, FREEHOLD, four-to-five bedroomed property comes to the market having undergone significant upgrading in recent years. NO ONWARD VENDOR CHAIN. The vendors have made us aware that the roof..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A beautifully presented & spacious, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMED, garden fronted, period, terrace property occupying a corner plot. Positioned on a highly popular tree lined residential road off High Lane in the heart of Chorlton Green. Within walking distance to good local pri..."
"EXCLUSIVE BRIDGFORDS CITY CENTRE OFFER ** FREE FURNITURE PACK WORTH UPTO£5k+** PENTHOUSE LEVEL. We’re delighted to introduce Ancoats Gardens, one of Manchester’s most anticipated residential development. Located in the popular Ancoats district, the development will feature..."
*** Luxury Apartment / Two Double Bedrooms / Bathroom plus En-Suite / Balcony / Quartz Worktops / Bosch Integrated Appliances / Airsource Heat Pumps with Underfloor Heating / Bespoke Luxury Furniture / Exposed Concrete Walls and Ceilings / Co-Working Space / Large Commercial Sized Duplex Gym / Pr...
"Manchester New Square - 2 Bedroom Luxury Apartment in the heart of Manchester! Book an appointment to visit our showroom Linter 1106 today. This is a beautiful, dual-aspect showroom on the 11th floor of our linter building. With an open-plan living room, this apartment contains five, floor-t..."
***NEW DEVELOPMENT*** ***HIGH SPECIFICATION*** ***AMAZING TRANSPORT CONNECTIONS*** ***CENTRAL MEDIACITYUK LOCATION***
"**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** **MANCHESTER'S MOST PRESTIGIOUS DEVELOPMENT** 2 BEDROOM APARTMENTS AVAILABLE** 5* LUXURY FACILITIES** DISCOUNTS AND INCENTIVES AVAILABLE** Luxury Ancoats Two and Three Bedroom Apartments with State-Of-The-Art Facilities, including residents spa, work-space and gymnasium..."
"FINAL HOMES are now on sale - DON'T MISS OUT. A wall of BI-FOLD DOORS fold away to remove the barrier between the garden and the BEAUTIFULLY DESIGNED KITCHEN AND FAMILY ROOM. A magnificent, flexible environment that changes from intimate to party mode in seconds. BOTH OF THE SECOND FLOOR BEDROOMS..."
***PERIOD PROPERTY***FULL OF CHARACTER***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED***SPACIOUS ROOMS*** LARGE DRIVEWAY***SPACIOUS GARDENS***GARAGE***SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION*** UNDERFLOOR HEATING Cousins Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this UNIQUE THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY with an additional LOF...
"Brunswick Mill will be home to 153 characterful apartments in the up-and-coming area of New Islington, Manchester. When complete in Q3 2025, this stunning Grade II listed building will offer 153 uniquely crafted apartments; woven into the existing mill and perfect for both first-time buyers and ..."
 ***MANCHESTER'S MOST EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT*** ***PROJECTED 6% GROSS YIELD & 12% CAPITAL GROWTH DURING BUILD PERIOD*** ***COMPLETION Q4 2025*** ***5 STAR LIVING EXPERIENCE*** 
"*** LUXURY LIVING - NEW BULID APARTMENTS in LEAFY SALFORD *** *** COMPLETION BY MARCH 2023 *** Martin and Co along with Dream homes construction are proud to introduce six New Luxury Apartments currently under construction, in this affluent area of Salford, Greater Manchester. Situated on Upp..."
"The generously proportioned kitchen incorporates FRENCH DOORS that introduce garden access, as well as a focal point, to the dining area. A fourth bedroom adds FLEXIBILITY, and the DUAL ASPECT EN-SUITE principal bedroom, with its DORMER WINDOW and walk-in DRESSING AREA, has a special charm."
"**PRIME LOCATION** WALKING DISTANCE TO MANCHESTER'S BIGGEST TRAIN STATION** HIGH SPECIFICATION** RESIDENT GYM** TOP QUALITY AMENITIES** GREAT ACCESS TO CENTRAL HOTSPOTS** NEXT TO FUTURE SITE OF HS2 STATION**
"
"Luxury townhouse offering generous accommodation over three floors, roof terrace, garden and allocated parking space. Located just off Chapel Street within walking distance of Manchester city centre and Spinningfields. Beautifully presented and finished to a high standard throughout, this is..."
"***AMAZING LOCATION*** ***AWARD WINNING DEVELOPER*** Manchester Piccadilly represents one of the biggest development opportunities in the UK, and has the potential to make a significant impact on both the growth of the city, and also the national economy. "
"STUNNING NEW Development is located in the heart of Manchester. This 40 story tower comprising of 1 & 2 bedroom apartments, which will benefit from their hotel-style amenities. "
"New Cross Central is a development of 80 high quality new 1, 2 and 3 bedroom homes, with individual townhouses, one of a kind penthouses, and unique apartments."
"Brand new, corner 2 bedroom apartment on the 21st floor with city centre views . Novella combines striking design and quality with first-class amenities, including 24 hour concierge, communal lounges, gym and wellness suite, private dining area, work spaces, bike store and 6th floor podium roof g..."
"Off plan investment opportunity For Investment Purposes Only - 25% Deposit Required Boasting high quality finishes and on-site amenities, this development has been designed with the resident in mind to deliver an unmatched quality of living. Located a stones throw..."
"A striking new feature on the city's skyline, Vision is Manchester's most prestigious new luxury development and comprises 37 stories of prime residential apartments in the very heart of the city centre."
"An opportunity to purchase a stunning two bedroom top floor duplex apartment in a highly desirable location. This beautiful property has been well maintained by the current owner and is presented to an exceptional standard throughout. The accommodation comprises; entrance hallway, con..."
"Located on the 23rd floor this superb 715 sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high finish kitchen with integrated appliances, two double bedrooms and a main bathroom. Currently tenanted at £1325 PCM A ..."
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this unique three double bedroom maisonette located in the highly sought-after area of Ancoats on the outskirts of Manchester City Centre. The property has been renovated to a high standard over recent years by the current owner including: window...
"**AVAILABLE NOW** ** NO VENDOR CHAIN ** Occupying a DESIRABLE POSITION on the banks of the RIVER MERSEY in Northenden close to the Didsbury border, this SPACIOUS five bedroomed semi detached townhouse CONSTRUCTED IN 2016, forms part of the POPULAR WATERSIDE DEVELOPMENT and benefits from EXCELLENT..."
A well-presented and thoughtfully extended three double bedroom semi detached property situated in a superb location on a quiet and popular only a short distance to Didsbury village. The property offers excellent internal space (1511 Sq Ft) and requires some basic cosmetic updating throughout. Of...
"A UNIQUE, ARCHITECTURALLY DESIGNED NEW BUILD 2 bedroom property located in the much sought after area of West Didsbury. This beautiful mews house is set in a convenient cul-de-sac location just a corner away from local shops, a short distance from Withington Community Hospital, Didsb..."
"SPACIOUS SIMPLY IS AN UNDERSTATEMENT WITH REFERENCE TO THIS EXCELLENT HOME. THE ACCOMMODATION IS BEING SOLD WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN AND WE WOULD RECOMMEND FIRST TIME BUY, FAMILY HOME OR BUY TO LET INVESTORS SHOULD VIE..."
"A well presented three bedroom property in a popular location. Internally is a porch, entrance hall, two good size reception rooms, a kitchen and ample storage. To the first floor are two large double bedrooms and a good size single bedroom, a family bathroom, separate WC and a storage cupboard. ..."
"Looking for a high a high spec property in the heart of the City? - Look no further Located on the 22nd floor this superb 715 sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high finish kitchen with integrated appliances, two double..."
"*** Marvellous Period Property with Huge Potential - No Chain involved, Approx 1830 square feet *** A rare opportunity to purchase an impressive period semi-detached home, situated a highly desirable and sought-after Salford location and retaining fantastic character, high ceilings and..."
"* 20TH FLOOR - COMPLETED - 2 BEDROOM - AIRCONDITIONING*MeadowSide is an interesting mix of apartments, townhouses and penthouses. Real life living, in the city and on the edge of the park. Where all the best bits live side-by-side."
"A beautifully presented modern townhouse offering spacious and stylish accommodation over three floors situated on a sought after cul-de-sac moments from Didsbury, West Didsbury and the popular Marie Louise gardens. Three generous bedrooms, stunning refitted bathroom, en-suite to main bedroom, su..."
"Amazing value for apartments in Manchester, starting from just £174,995 in a prime capital appreciation zone.Just 2 stops away from Deansgate on the local Metro Link, these off plan apartments offer 6% rental returns. A1126"
"The next level in luxe city living, Blackfriars Street apartments occupy a prime riverside location in the very heart of Manchester. The luxurious apartments at Blackfriars Apartments are ideally set in the centre of Manchester and feature opulent décor, amazing amenities, and unmatched comfort."
"Three bedroom detached property benefiting from a large out building that would be perfect for office space or a studio fully equipped with computer access and plug sockets throughout , This property is being sold chain free and viewings are highly recommended, The property in brief offers a good..."
"A wonderful yet substantial period property offering a unique opportunity to modernise in a variety of different configurations, this mid-terrace home is spread over four floors and is situated in a convenient location, close to local amenities and transport links. The property briefly consists o..."
***NEW DEVELOPMENT*** ***HIGH SPECIFICATION ****BEST POSSIBLE LIVING EXPERIENCE *** ***AMAZING TRANSPORT CONNECTIONS*** ***CENTRAL MEDIACITYUK LOCATION***
"PARK FACING - HIGH FLOOR - STUNNING VIEWSMeadowSide is an interesting mix of apartments, townhouses and penthouses. Real life living, in the city and on the edge of the park. Where all the best bits live side-by-side"
"Offered for sale * attractive, 3 double bedroom townhouse in Roe Green * spacious kitchen/diner ideal for a family * two bedrooms complete with ensuite and walk in wardrobes * close to Broadoak Primary School * private rear garden * allocated parking for 2 vehicles * excellent transport links * s..."
"This stunning new development will give residents a unrivalled living standards. comprised of 1, 2 and penthouse apartments. Residents will benefit from its best in class amenities, which include Private lounge, cinema room, state of the art gymnasium, yoga studios and swimming pool. "
"Looking for a high a high spec property in the heart of the City? - Look no further Located on the 21st floor this superb 715sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high finish kitchen with integrated appliances, two double ..."
"A 2 bedroom apartment which offers a fully fitted open-plan kitchen, living and dining area, a luxury bathroom, and hallway storage. The Master Bedroom also features a built-in wardrobe.This prestigious development offers a concierge, residents lounge and swimming poo"
"Charming and spacious period family home on Manchester Road in Heaton Chapel, ideally located opposite to Manchester Road Park that will undoubtedly appeal to first-time buyer couples and growing families seeking a forever home. Promising generous accommodation throughout with a large south-facin..."
"Exclusive Greengate Manchester apartments starting from just £210,000 - view floor plans today! A224"
" *A FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY BUILT CIRCA 1990* Situated in a popular and convenient location that's within easy reach of shops, schools, public transport etc and with easy access to Manchester City Centre. Excellent family accommodation with a downstairs WC, en-suite to the master bedroom ..."
"Stunning 13th Floor 776 Sq Ft Apartment Looking for a high a high spec property in the heart of the City? - Look no further Located on the 13th floor this superb 776sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high fi..."
"*VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE* An extended FOUR BEDROOM, bay fronted semi-detached property situated on a popular residential area in Chorlton. Located opposite St Bede’s playing fields, within strolling distance to the centre of Chorlton with all its independent shops, library and the Metro Link station..."
"* A FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME * Ideally located on the HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER AGECROFT HALL development, this BEAUTIFUL PROPERTY features 4 GENEROUS BEDROOMS, a family bathroom, and EN-SUITE to the first floor, whilst the SPACIOUS GROUND FLOOR comprises of an entrance hallway, W.C, lounge, CONSERVATORY,..."
"Modern Manchester Apartments: Newoff-plan investmentswith waterfront views and ease-of-access to Manchester's city centre, including bars, restaurants, and shops. A 6% rental return, with prices starting from £275,000. A98"
"This development has been designed to provide facilities such as a RESIDENTS LOUNGE, COMMUNAL GARDENS and BIKE STORAGE all within the heart of Manchester's Victoria North District. PARKING is also available at an additional cost."
"Potato Wharf is an idyllic canal side development located in the sought after neighbourhood of Castlefield, a selection of one and two bedroom apartments are available in the final phase."
"Key features  Immaculately Presented Beautiful Family Home  Stunning, Newly Renovated Fitted Kitchen with Integral Appliances  Bay-Fronted Lounge with Contemporary Wood Burning Stove   Three Double Bedrooms & Modern Family Bathroom&nbs..."
BUY-TO-LET PROPERTY | RESIDENTIAL APARTMENTS: Invest in these luxury Ancoats apartments in the heart of Manchester. Unrivalled amenities on offer in an extremely sought-after city centre location
"*** Stunning Modern three Storey End Town House With Superb Versatile Living Space, Private Landscaped Gardens, Allocated Gated Parking And Situated within a Much Sought After Residential Location on the Outskirts of Manchester City Centre *** Located within a popular and highly conv..."
*** POTENTIAL HIGH INCOME PROPERTY ** FIVE AIR BNB ROOMS ** TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT ** GARDENS AND PARKING *** Sanderson James are pleased to offer for sale this unique Gorton property. The property is spread over three floors. The ground floor is a self contained two bedroom apartment. The top t...
" **OFF-PLAN INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES** 2024 and 2025 Completions. Luxury City Centre Apartments in the Heart of Manchester. World Class Facilities, Stylish Modern Design, Fantastic Transport Links. Deposits from 10% and High Rental Yields from 5-7%. Price range from £200,000-£500..."
FABULOUS FAMILY HOME * PERIOD FEATURES THROUGHOUT * SPREAD OVER FOUR FLOORS * FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * TWO CHAMBER CELLAR * GATED...
"EXTENDED FAMILY HOME! HOME ESTATE AGENTS are thrilled to offer for sale this extended, four bedroom detached property located on the popular Radcliffe Park Road. Within a short walk to both Lightoaks Park and Oakwood park along with a choice of primary schools situated closeby, the property offer..."
"Situated on a quiet cul-de-sac on the East Didsbury/Heaton Mersey border, is this beautifully refurbished, three bed semi-detached family home. Not only does the property boast a modern open-plan, extended kitchen/diner, it’s also been tastefully renovated from top to bottom to give that de..."
"The property offers spacious well presented accommodation extending to: Entrance hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Conservatory, Three Bedrooms and a Family Bathroom. Externally, there is a Private Garden with access to the Bridgewater Canal, complete with a Patio Area and Split Level Rear Gard..."
"Magnificent four bedroom period property offering over 2240 square feet of well presented and well proportioned accommodation. This garden fronted mid terraced property boasts a welcoming hallway, two open plan reception rooms with bay window to the front to allow plenty of natural lighting and ..."
"Occupying the fifth floor of the iconic Royal Mills development is this stunning two-bedroom duplex apartment. Ideally situated in the heart of Ancoats, just on the edge of the Northern Quarter, this development is fast-becoming one of the most sought-after areas in Manchester city centre to ..."
"WOW As the name suggests, Manhattan is inspired by the famous area it is named after in New York and offers apartment living at it's very best. With unrivalled levels of finish throughout from hig spec kitchens with intregrated appliances to floor to ceiling windows it has ..."
"Completed Residential Property Available: Ideal Manchester property investment, providing buyers with a minimum annual rental income of £7,797. A1200"
"** NEW BUILD ** FINISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD ** Take a look at this brand new FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME which is located in a very popular location and close to Drinkwater Park, schooling and transport links into Manchester City Centre, Salford and other surrounding areas. This SUPERB family home..."
"Tyron Ash Real Estate are proud to present this two bedroom apartment in this fantastic development located in Ancoats, which is regarded by The Times as one of the coolest places to live in the U.K. Read the ad to find out more!"
"*COMPLETED HOMES* STUNNING SPECIFICATION** ON-SITE AMENITIES** SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION** INCREDIBLE VIEWS** PET FRIENDLY**
"
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A spacious, FOUR BEDROOMED, traditional bay fronted semi-detached property positioned in a leafy location, off Dudley Road here in Whalley Range. The property is close to several schools, including the Ofsted outstanding Manley Park Primary School and within walking dista..."
"An exciting opportunity to acquire the penthouse apartment within this recently completed re-development in a prime West Didsbury location, just a short stroll from Burton Road. Enjoying a top floor position with an excellent roof terrace, this stunning apartment offers beautifully proportioned ..."
"A very exciting opportunity to acquire this spacious semi detached home in a hugely desirable cul de sac location just off the ever popular Burton Road, close to the Metrolink and the superb independent shops, bars and restaurants it's so well known for. Boasting a driveway, garage and gardens, ..."
"Rare-to-the-market and extremely spacious four bedroom semi-detached home on Horace Grove, Heaton Norris, offered to the market with a substantial double-storey extension to the side and an extremely generous interior that will be undoubtedly attractive to growing families seeking ‘turn-key..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A light and spacious, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMED, bay fronted semi-detached property, situated in a highly popular location on the borders of Chorlton/Firswood/Stretford. Closeby to the local amenities at The Quadrant and Stretford Mall, Food Hall, bars and cafés, this propert..."
Apartments with 11.7% price growth forecast in hotspot area of Greater Manchester. Near MediaCityUK and Spinningfields. A618
"The property briefly comprises of: Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Three Bedrooms, a Family Bathroom with a separate W.C with potential to modernise throughout. Situated at the Head of a Cul-De-Sac in the Heart of Worsley Village."
SPACIOUS 3 BEDROOM HOUSE - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS - THREE RECEPTION ROOMS - DETACHED GARAGE - CALL BELVOIR TODAY!
"A large, imposing property on a prominent corner position opposite 2 parks. This 3 storey house, has 4 double bedrooms, 2 reception rooms and a large kitchen diner. It also has a bathroom and separate shower room and W.C. on the ground floor. Garage. In need of renovation but worth the effort."
"Attention FAMILIES! This SPACIOUS, freehold DOUBLE FRONTED property boasts 1069 sqft of living space with GREAT SIZED ROOMS THROUGHOUT and benefits from a LARGE DRIVEWAY that holds up to 3 cars and a GOOD SIZED REAR GARDEN. The property is situated in a POPULAR LOCATION due to fantastic local ..."
"***AMAZING OPPORTUNITY*** The most exquisite standards of luxury living in the Capital of the North, Manchester. Stunning and spacious off-plan development with close proximity to areas such as Ancoats, the Northern Quarter, and Manchester City FC."
"What A Perfect Location For A Superb Family Home! Sell Well are over the moon to offer for sale this semi-detached property with three bedrooms in a very sought after location. This really is a wonderful home, located on Hazelhurst Road In Worsley that must be viewed internally to fully appreciat..."
*** FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** EN SUITE AND WALK IN WARDROOM *** POPULAR RESIDENTIAL AREA *** CELLAR *** STUNNING KITCHEN *** WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT *** LARGE REAR GARDEN *** OPPOSITE RYECROFT HALL AND CLOSE TO TRAM STOP *** CATCHMENT AREA FOR SEVERAL POPULAR SCHOOLS
"The original show home for the road and still looks like a show home today! A beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached house on a quiet road just a couple of minutes walk from Northenden village. South facing garden! On the ground floor the house offers an entrance hall with cloakroom,..."
"A superb family home ideally located within close proximity to Streford and Manchester City Centre which provides easy access to transport links, Media City and close to all local University's. The property sits on a great size plot with well manicure gardens to both front and rear. Internal feat..."
"A superb and spacious period home boasting an abundance of charm and character while combining both tradtional and contemporary features. This impressive home is situated on a sought after tree lined road in Whalley Range close to local amenities, popular schools and transport links including ..."
"Limited 1, 2 and 3-bedroom apartments available for a highly lucrative buy to let investment in Manchester's M16 postcode. This area is a hotspot for regeneration and forecasts significant capital growth on properties starting from £174,995. A1125"
Found in the centre of Salford; it offers extremely high 6% rental returns at 34% below local comparable prices. Invest today! A223
"A beautifully presented and extended bay-fronted semi-detached property situated on a quiet and popular cul-de-sac only a short distance to Didsbury village and Fletcher Moss Park. Renovated to a high standard throughout the property offers three bedrooms, refitted modern bathroom, large open-pla..."
"Off-Plan Manchester Apartments: Luxury, stylish apartments with state-of-the-art facilities, including an onsite gym, private lounge area, extensive gardens, and parking/bicycle storage. Prices starting at £275,000.A97"
High Rental Returns: A below market value investment opportunity in an ideally located Salford area.A1199
"*£12,000 PAID TOWARDS YOUR MORTGAGE* GREEN MORTGAGE ELIGIBLE (SELECTED LENDERS)  PRIVATE GATED COMMUNITY The Ashley takes 3 storey town house living to new heights, with a flexible, 4 bedroom family friendly layout that you’ll love. Do..."
"**NO CHAIN** This detached spacious property is situated close to Moorside & Broadoak Primary School, walking distance to Worsley Village and the Bridgewater Canal and access to the Loopline for a short stroll to Monton Village. Benefitting from gas central heating and upvc double glazing. Co..."
Central apartments in Deansgate with 11.7% price growth forecast by 2027! A511
Apartments with 11.7% price growth forecast in hotspot area of Greater Manchester. Near MediaCityUK and Spinningfields. A617
"****LUXURY MODERN INTERIOR****HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION****SPACIOUS INTERIOR**** CONSERVATORY TO REAR****VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED**** We are delighted to offer for sale this luxury modernised 4 bedroom detached property, situated in a a cul de sac in the highly sought after Willow Park estat..."
Castle Wharf has been thoughtfully designed throughout and was created to provide boutique waterside living within a short distance of Manchester City Centre. Deansgate Castlefield Station (0.1miles) is a 2 minute walk and allows for efficient transport throughout the city and beyond. The Univers...
"A STUNNING PENTHOUSE apartment, with BEAUTIFUL PRESENTATION, located in an EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT within WALKING DISTANCE to both Didsbury and West Didsbury villages. 1282 sq ft. The stylish accommodation reveals entrance hallway with cloaks and storage, a spectacular open plan living/dining area ..."
Brand new three bedroom triplex penthouse apartment with private roof terrace and car parking. Sky Gardens has just come to completion by DeTrafford Estates in Castlefield. Apt 902 is located on the 9th (top) floor with accommodation over 3 levels. Level 1 - two bedrooms and bathroo...
"*EWS1 IN PLACE - MORTGAGE AND CASH BUYERS INVITED* Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale this stunning 9th floor two bedroom apartment in the iconic Hacienda building, on the corner of Whitworth Street West and Albion Street. The apartment offers spectacular views and is located close..."
"*BRAND NEW HOUSE* Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale this stunning, BRAND NEW two bedroom townhouse on School Street, part of the The Press development in the NOMA development area. Beautifully preserved from its 18th-century origins, the former Cooperative Printing Room is a true Manc..."
"Stunning 5 Bedroomed Semi-detached Family Home,  Close to Forum  Shopping Centre and the Manchester Airport. Stylish and Spacious Home Refurbished to High Standards, Driveway and Large Back Garden"
"Brand new apartment on the 20th floor. Completed August 2022, Novella combines striking design and quality with first-class amenities, including 24 hour concierge, communal lounges, gym and wellness suite, private dining area, work spaces, bike store and 6th floor podium roof garden with stunning..."
"Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale this 44th floor two bedroom apartment in The Blade, part of the Crown Street project by Renaker. Due to be completed in Q3 2023, we have the chance for a lucky buyer to secure a brand new apartment within this stunning building. The Blade fo..."
"A spacious and modern two double bedroom semi-detached property situated in a desirable location within the ever popular Didsbury Point development. The property offers two reception rooms, modern fitted kitchen, downstairs wc, two double bedrooms both with fitted wardrobes, stylish bathroom, pr..."
"A stylish THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM end townhouse forming part of a SMALL COURTYARD DEVELOPMENT, with PARKING FOR TWO CARS, GOOD SIZED REAR GARDEN and a convenient location within a SHORT STROLL OF FLETCHER MOSS PARK. 1270 SQ FT. The property enjoys a corner position with gardens to two sides and gene..."
"A recently completed apartment situated in the ever highly sought-after Green Quarter of Manchester in one of the cities most anticipated developments, Meadowside - with access to the beautiful green space of Angel Meadow, it's rare to find open space in such a central location. Victoria Stat..."
"We are delighted to bring to the market this extremely spacious family home in a sought after local village. If you are looking for a family home in a small charming village, walking distance to local schools, pubs and nature walks on your doorstep then this property is for you!Deceptiv..."
"A light and well presented 3 bedroom DETACHED property positioned in a well regarded cul-de-sac location, this impressive property briefly comprises entrance vestibule, downstairs w.c., lounge leading through to dining room with double glazed sliding door providing access and delightful views to ..."
"***NO CHAIN*** SOME MODERNISATION REQUIRED. A well presented THREE BEDROOM 1930S SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY, offering both OFF ROAD PARKING and a well proportioned WEST FACING GARDEN. This delightful property provides spacious and light accommodation throughout with SIGNIFICANT SCOPE TO EXTEND (STPP)..."
"A great opportunity to purchase this lovely traditional THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME. Located within a sought after area and backing onto Hollyhedge Park, this property offers great sized family living accommodation and MUST BE VIEWED. In brief the accommodation on offer comprises of an entra..."
"VR 360 TOUR AVAILABLE HomeDaze are thrilled to being to market this excellently located 5 bed semi detached house for sale. Downham Crescent is perfectly located for local shops, Bowker Vale Metrolink, schools and with easy access to Heaton Park and onto the motorway networks. ..."
Stylish waterside apartment in the heart of Media City UK! This high specification three bedroom apartment benefits from a large private balcony with fantastic views.
***READY TO MOVE INTO***POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION***MUST BE VIEWED***LARGE GARDEN***EN SUITE***UTILITY ROOM*** Brand new to the market is this stunning four bedroom detached home situated on the increasingly popular Kings Grange Estate. With no expense spared from being built and having multi...
"Normie are thrilled to bring to market this five bedroom semi-detached house for sale is perfectly located for local shops, Bowker Vale Metrolink, schools and with easy access to Heaton Park and onto the motorway networks."
"TRADING PLACES are pleased to have this five bedroom semi detached house for sale.  Briefly, the accommodation comprises of an entrance hall leading to the living room, the dining room and the kitchen. To the first floor there is three bedrooms and the family bathroom. <..."
"**NO CHAIN** **FREEHOLD** Perfectly located on a tree-lined cul-de-sac in popular Ellesmere Park is this spacious 3 bedroom semi-detached home. The property has recently undergone extensive improvements which include, new roof, new plumbing and radiators, new electrical wiring through..."
Situated on Davyhulme Road East this lovely property has paved front garden providing off road parking for up to three vehicles. The property is entered via porch which leads to a spacious hallway. There are three separate reception rooms as well as an extended kitchen to the ground floor. Upstai...
"VIRTUAL VIEWING! HOME ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this well appointed three bedroom end quasi semi detached which must be viewed to be fully appreciated. In brief the accommodation comprises hallway, lounge, dining kitchen, shaped landing, the three well proportioned bedrooms & ..."
Looking For A Substantial Semi In The Heart Of Worsley Village? Sell Well are delighted to offer for sale this truly gorgeous semi-detached on Edenfield Lane. The vendor has gone to great lengths to transform this house into a beautiful family home which really does have a lovely feel to it. A br...
***PRIME CENTRAL LOCATION*** The Rise occupies a prime M1 location in the very heart of Manchester. Making this development ideal for both investors and owner-occupiers.
"This is one of the last remaining flats within the brand new development, Ancoats Gardens. Ancoats Gardens is an incredible opportunity for any investor looking to start or develop a property portfolio, or for owner-occupiers looking for a new home. It's located in one of the most des..."
"Top floor, corner plot apartment. New Cross Central is a new build development with a twist on the internal finishes which makes it stand out from the crowd. Unique features such as exposed concrete walls, full height feature windows, brass finishes & Crittall style shower screens offer a lu..."
Manchester New Square - 2 Bedroom Luxury Apartments in the heart of Manchester! Book an appointment to visit our showrooms today! See description below for more information:
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNTY - Tenanted apartment spacious 893 sqft. Two bed / 2 bath 6th floor East facing. The building also has a concierge, and a communal working space that comes with its very own high-speed Wi-Fi which is great when working from home. There is a communal terrace on the ..."
Premier Residential Lettings Ltd are delighted to advertise this two bedroom apartment located close to Manchester City Centre in the exciting new One Cambridge Street building complex overlooking Oxford Road train station.
FREEHOLD | No chain | Sought after area | Family home | Large plot | Extended | Off-road parking | Gardens | Only 6 miles to Manchester | Close to Schools. EPC D.
"A truly EXCEPTIONAL, CONTEMPORARY semi detached family home, boasting FOUR BEDROOMS, OFF ROAD PARKING and an EXTENSIVE 29 ft living/dining room. Situated on an enviable CORNER PLOT and ideally located on the quiet residential street, Horace Grove. "
"STUNNING THROUGHOUT! HOME ESTATE AGENTS are thrilled to offer for sale this stunning, fully modernised three bedroom semi detached located in this popular Ellesmere Park location. Within walking distance Monton Road and having undergone a sympathic and high quality scheme of modernisation, the pr..."
A beautiful period four bedroom semi detached property in a popular area. This property is a great size with an abundance of period features. Internally there is a spacious entrance hall leading to the first reception room with a bay window with beautiful stained glass and a fireplace. The second...
"Aubrey Lee & Co are happy to bring to the market this Detached three bedroom house situated on a prominent corner plot offering ample space for extension (subject to the usual permissions) located within easy access of local shops, transport links, schools and place of worship."
"**CHAIN FREE** HOME ESTATE AGENTS are pleased to bring to the market this spacious three bedroom semi detached property ideal for families with popular local schools and fantastic transport links. In brief the property comprises of, porch, hallway, bay front lounge, extended living room, extended..."
"Hunters in Manchester city center are delighted to welcome this modern and luxry two bed apartment to the market. The property was built in 2020 and is in the heart of Manchestet on Tibb Street in the Northern Quarter. A short walk from the Arndale, Deansgate, Spinning fields. The property is clo..."
"Northwood are delighted to market this four bedroom semi detached property which oozes character. Offering fantastic living space and ideally situated for a range of amenities including shops, schools and transport links and only a short distance to Manchester City Centre it would make an idea..."
" Integrated Appliances. Carpet & Vinyl Package. .Plot 358: The Eaton is a fantastic family home, boasting four great-sized bedrooms, a separate dining room and a convenient integral garage."
"A rare opportunity to acquire a stunning three double bedroom period end terrace house positioned in a quiet cul de sac within the highly prized Fire Station Square Development, that provides a picturesque setting yet still within walking distance to Salford University, Manchester City Centre and..."
"Manchester New Square - Fully Completed, 2 Bedroom Luxury Apartments in the heart of Manchester!"
"Hyde Estates are delighted to offer this extended three bedroom, semi detached house for sale. The property is well presented throughout and in a popular residential area of Prestwich with scope for further extension. Off road parking to the front and a south facing rear garden."
"BI-FOLD DOORS open to transform the kitchen into a STRIKING GARDEN SETTING for social gatherings, while the first floor lounge provides a comfortable retreat. With a DEDICATED STUDY on the ground floor, and an ADDITIONAL SHOWER ROOM between the two second floor bedrooms, this is a FLEXIBLE, APPEA..."
"´For a limited time only we are offering 3% off your apartment purchase price if you part exchange your home using our dedicated part exchange partner. For new reservations taken between 1st March and 30th April 2023 using ARL´s dedicated part exchange partner´
A collection of 63 b..."
"***LIMITED UNITS REMAIN*** A collection of LUXURY apartments in the perfect location, ideal for investors and owner occupiers. Located in one of Manchester's most sought-after postcodes."
*** DETACHED *** FOUR BEDROOM *** POPULAR DEVELOPMENT *** CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES *** MODERN DECOR *** IDEAL FAMILY PROPERTY ***
"Rarely Does A Property Like This Come To The Market With No Chain And Freehold! Once in a while, a property comes along with all the hall marks of a ‘Forever Home’. This is such a property and we are thrilled to be instructed with this simply fabulous, extended period end terrace loca..."
"A two bedroom, two bathroom fifth floor duplex apartment situated within the fantastic Royal Mills development in the highly sought after Ancoats. Benefiting from a secure allocated parking space as well as being conveniently placed for both Manchester's Piccadilly and Victoria railway stations. ..."
"***LUXURY DEVELOPMENT*** ***AMAZING LOCATION*** Manchester Piccadilly represents one of the biggest development opportunities in the UK, and has the potential to make a significant impact on both the growth of the city, and also the national economy. "
**EWS1 FORM AVAILABLE - Mortgage Buyers Invited*** Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale this stunning 3rd floor luxury TWO BEDROOM apartment within the NV Buildings on Salford Quays. Offering extremely spacious and well-presented accommodation with a full-width south-facing bal...
"FOUR BED HMO. TENANTED UNTIL JUNE 2024 @ c£25,800 PA. CLOSE TO WITHINGTON VILLAGE & WILMSLOW ROAD. A chance to acquire this three storey semi detached property located within walking distance of Wilmslow Road. In brief the accommodation comprises of: Entrance hallway, lounge and kitchen/diner to ..."
EWS1 CERTIFICATE NOW AVAILABLE- NV Buildings - Two Bedrooms- 7th floor- Front Facing - Two Bathrooms- Chain Free- Available now.
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A bright & well-presented, THREE BEDROOM, period, box bay-fronted mid-terrace property, situated on a highly popular residential road in Chorlton off Manchester Road. Within easy walking distance to the centre of Chorlton, Longford Park, several local primary schools, a ..."
Reeds Rains are delighted to present this unique Three bedroom semi-detached house which also offers a superb sized lodge. Offering a Four car driveway and generous garden space. You won't find anything like this on the market. Lodge can be used as a business premises or even a private apartment!...
"This beautiful, unique, MODERN and STYLISHLY presented, freehold home is situated on a desirable CORNER PLOT that leads onto a sought-after CUL-DE-SAC. As soon as you walk through the door, you will realise how BRIGHT ..."
"Absolutely fantastic 3/4 bedroom detached family home set on a cul-de-sac in a sought after location perfect for access to motorway links and commuting into Manchester.
The property is in excellent condition throughout and benefits from 2.5 bathrooms, utility room and three receptions!"
"This is a stunning new build development located in Manchester City Centre, consisting of spacious two-bedroom apartments. The development is completed earlier in 2022 and is ready for owner-occupiers to move in or for buy-to-let investors to receive rental income immediately. This c..."
A BEAUTIFULLY RENOVATED SPACIOUS AND CHARACTERFUL SEMI DETACHED HOUSE IN SOUTH SWINTON.
"---- 3D FLOORPLANS ---- Home Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this immaculate and fantastically sized five bedroom extended semi detached property ideally located on a quiet and sought after cul de sac in Audenshaw, Tameside. Occupying a pleasant position the well planned and..."
This stunning extended family home has been sympathetically updated by the current owners and offers a fantastic opportunity for a young family to upsize. The downstairs consists of a open plan family room leading into the stunning modern kitchen diner with patio doors out onto the enclosed rear ...
Edward Mellor are delighted to present a substantially EXTENDED three bedroom semi detached family home boasting BEAUTIFUL VIEWS to the rear of the ever green space that HIGHFIELD PARK has to offer. Ideally situated within easy access to local shops and retail ou...
Whitworth Street West Apartments occupy a prime M1 location in the very heart of Manchester. Making this development ideal for both investors and owner-occupiers.
"Victoria Residence is a newly completed iconic building in the heart of the one of the Manchester's most desirable neighbourhoods, the Crown Street development. This awe inspiring tower comprises 52 storeys of elegant residential apartments, the finest facilities, spectacular views and one of..."
"An opportunity to buy an off plan highly desirable luxury apartment .Axis Tower is a stunning new development of apartments with unrivalled public transport links, including immediate access to rail and metro link systems. Manchester airport is only 15 minutes away as is access to the regions exc..."
"**QUIET CUL DE SAC** **SOUTH FACING GARDEN** **SPACIOUS THROUGHOUT** If you and your family are looking for your forever home, then this immaculately presented extended semi detached house would be perfect for you. COUNCIL TAX BAND B. EPC GRADE C."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. A five double bedroom, two bathroom student property, currently rented for £28,750 per annum (7.47% gross yield). This property has five large double bedrooms, spread over four floors, with laminate flooring throughout and fully furnished with beds, desks..."
"Luxury Manchester Apartment Opportunity: The chance to secure a premium Manchester investment opportunity with a minimum annual rental income of £7,797.A1195"
Rothmore Invest are delighted to release a limited number of luxury apartments in Salford central. This is beautiful high spec development where nothing has been overlooked with the finish of each apartment.
"EXCLUSIVE INVESTOR OPPORTUNITY | PRE-LETTING AHEAD OF COMPLETION THIS YEAR | 96% SOLD, FINAL CHANCE TO INVEST! | Option to Mortage | Projected 6% Returns | 3% Capital growth per annum | Management Included"
"EXCLUSIVE BRIDGFORDS CITY CENTRE OFFER ** FREE FURNITURE PACK WORTH UPTO£5k**We’re delighted to introduce Ancoats Gardens, one of Manchester’s most anticipated residential development. Located in the popular Ancoats district, the development will feature 155 spacious luxury one..."
"EXCLUSIVE BRIDGFORDS CITY CENTRE OFFER ** FREE FURNITURE PACK WORTH UPTO£5k+**We’re delighted to introduce Ancoats Gardens, one of Manchester’s most anticipated residential development. Located in the popular Ancoats district, the development will feature 155 spacious luxury on..."
*** Luxury Apartment / Two Double Bedrooms / Bathroom plus En-Suite / Quartz Worktops / Bosch Integrated Appliances / Airsource Heat Pumps with Underfloor Heating / Bespoke Luxury Furniture / Exposed Concrete Walls and Ceilings / Co-Working Space / Large Commercial Sized Duplex Gym / Private Resi...
"**Attention Investors!!Perfect for Buy to Serviced AccommodationWith up to 15% yield. Unique opportunity in this current market, Get in touch to Learn more** "
"***NEW DEVELOPMENT*** This development is a new opportunity in the heart of Manchester. Located in a £4BL regeneration area, this development is a welcome addition to the city's skyline. Adjacent to fashionable Ancoats."
"One of Manchester’s most spectacular and iconic developments! Offering new levels of luxury and sophistication, East Tower at Deansgate Square is a contemporary city-centre tower providing residents with state of the art leisure facilities and a range of on-site lounges and co-working space..."
"A large four bedroom detached property in a popular location. Internally is an entrance hall, the front reception room has a bay window and the second reception room has a bay with a patio door out to a sun trap, there is a good size kitchen dining room with a shower room just off. To the first f..."
"This soon to be completed developments comprise one, two & three- bedroom apartments & duplexes offering an array of great amenities: resident workspace, gymnasium, yoga studios, cinema room & terrace garden"
***COMPLETE & READY NOW*** ***PRIME LOCATION UNLIKE NO OTHER*** ***5 STAR AMENITIES*** 
"Immaculate Two Bedroom On 7th Floor A great opportunity to purchase a high spec property, by Alliance City Living in the ""halo development"" of Axis Tower in Manchester City centre. Located on the 7th floor this superb apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with ..."
***PRIME CENTRAL LOCATION*** BRAND NEW DEVELOPMENT SUITABLE FOR BOTH INVESTMENT AND OWNER OCCUPIER PURCHASE. WITH HIGH QUALITY FINISH THROUGHOUT AND BUILD COMPLETE NOW.  PROJECTED 7.5% YIELD.
"A fantastic two bedroom, two bathroom apartment on the first floor of one of Manchester's most sought after locations which is a stone's throw from Ancoats and the Northern Quater"
"***EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT*** The next level in luxe city living, Blackfriars Street apartments occupy a prime riverside location in the very heart of Manchester, comprising 380 impeccable apartments, townhouses and penthouses across two striking towers."
"GREAT OPPORTUNITY FOR INVESTORS, ALSO ONLY OPEN TO CASH BUYERS. This unique property located in the Vie Building not only comes with a 2 bedroom apartment but also a separate unit on the ground floor that has previously had planning approval to convert it in to a another 2 bedroom apartment. "
"Mansion House Keepers Quay is a step forward in design and luxury. Located in the property hot spot of New Islington and within a short stroll to both the city centre and a Metro tram stop. This apartment is located on the 4th floor and consist of an open plan hallway with storage, a vast impre..."
"Luxury Manchester Apartment Opportunity: The chance to secure a premium Manchester investment opportunity with a minimum annual rental income of £7,797.A1189"
"THREE BEDROOMED DETACHED PROPERTY FOR SALE IN A POPULAR AND CONVENIENT LOCATION! BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, SPACIOUS LOUNGE, DINING ROOM, FITTED KITCHEN, UTILITY ROOM, CONSERVATORY, GUEST ROOM, EN-SUITE TO MASTER, GARDENS FRONT & REAR, DRIVEWAY PARKING!"
"Philip James are proud to introduce this SPACIOUS, WELL-MAINTAINED three-bedroom semi-detached property. This family home boasts three WELL PROPORTIONED bedrooms, excellent downstairs spaces, and a substantial plot providing generous off-road parking and a large rear garden. Located on a QUIET CU..."
"Located on a desirable cul-de-sac just off Meadows Road, this most handsome period home on Lynwood Grove has attractive brick-built elevations and period features throughout. In need of modernisation, this lovely home provides fantastic opportunity for someone to place their own stamp on an inter..."
Strike is pleased to present this property in Salford.
"Stunning 8th Floor 776 Sq Ft Apartment Looking for a high a high spec property in the heart of the City? - Look no further Located on the 8th floor this superb 776sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high fini..."
"Spacious and versatile three bedroom three storey semi-detached home on the Heaton Manor Estate on Kensington Close, offered to the market with a generous garden to the rear, several years of NHBC guarantees remaining and no onward chain that would appeal to first-time buyers and families alike. ..."
"WOW WHAT A PROPERTY Totally newly refurbished, very spacious double fronted house, A PERFECT INVESTMENT, finished to the highest standard with 7 Letting Rooms (6 Double/1 Single), 3 Bathrooms and a large open plan Lounge/Dining Room/ Eat-In Kitchen and with potential to earn in excess of £6..."
A truly fabulous period property! | Victorian Detached | Must be viewed | Traditional features | High Ceilings | Useful loft area | Cellars | Lovely private garden | Extremely spacious | Sought after location | Close to Bogart Hole Clough | Two large reception rooms | Approx 4 miles to Manchester...
"This is a newly completed development that is Manchester's newest and most exciting place to live. The development is nestled next to the city centre, just a short 8-minute walk away from Deansgate and Victoria Train Station. This development offers an onsite gym, concierge and commu..."
"3 Bedroom, 3 Bathroom 7th floor Apartment in Manchester Waters Block B with spacious balcony! EWS1 in place Perefect for investors or a live in landlord!"
***PRIME LOCATION*** ***HIGH SPECIFICATION*** ***AWARD WINNING DEVELOPER*** ***GREAT CONNECTIVITY ACROSS THE CITY***
MEDIA CITY - BOUTIQUE DEVELOPMENT - 20 UNITS AVAILABLE - EXCLUSIVE TO ROTHMORE PROPERTY - 5% NET RETURNS - Don't miss out - Enquire NOW for more details.
Attract high demand and generate 6% rental returns with this Manchester city centre investment. Luxury apartments in one of Manchester's most fashionable districts. A156
**FOUR BEDROOMS**SEPARATE DINING ROOM**CONSERVATORY**LARGER THAN AVERAGE FAMILY HOME** Saltsman and Co Estate Agents welcome to the open market this well presented FOUR bedroomed DOUBLE EXTENDED semi detached family home. This property is conveniently located a short distance from local amenities...
"*** Superb Traditional Bay Fronted Four Storey Semi- Detached Home With 4 Double Bedrooms, 2 Large Reception Rooms, Spacious Basement Level and Stunning Gardens, Situated Within a Much Sought After and Highly Convenient Location *** This fabulous period home is finished to the highest ..."
"A beautifully presented bay-fronted semi-detached property which has recently been renovated and extended offering spacious accommodation throughout. Boasting two large reception rooms, downstairs WC, open plan modern dining kitchen, three good sized bedrooms, contemporary bathroom suite, light a..."
"ATTENTION FAMILIES and INVESTORS! This spectacular, well presented, FREEHOLD property sits on a LARGE PLOT and is offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. It has PLANNING PERMISSION for a double storey rear and side extension taking it to a 4-Bedroom property with an open plan living/dining area..."
"Tyron Ash Real Estate are proud to present the final few remaining units in this fantastic development located in Ancoats, which is regarded by The Times as one of the coolest places to live in the U.K. Read the ad to find out more!"
"ATTENTION INVESTORS/CASH BUYERS Three bedroom semi detached property in need of refurbishment throughout. Situated in this sought after location close to all the amenities that Chorlton has to offer and with excellent access to transport links. The property comprises enclosed porch, ..."
"Reeds Rains are delighted to bring to the market this spacious four bedroom detached property situated in a popular location of South Reddish. The property is set back from the main road and occupies a spacious, fully enclosed plot with vehicle access to a double garage at the rear."
"Back to Market: This completed development offers luxury investment properties from the below market value price of £174,995. Just 0.4 miles from Manchester Piccadilly station, they are in a prime area of the city centre. A1164"
"The property offers a wealth of family sized accommodation comprising of: Entrance Hall, Sitting Room, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Utility, Guest W.C, Four Bedrooms and a Family Bathroom. Externally, off road parking to the front and a private stepped rear garden."
"***NO CHAIN*** Located on a highly regarded road only a short stroll from Chorlton Village, a well presented THREE BEDROOM 1930'S SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY, offering spacious and light accommodation throughout, ideal for a young couple or family. This delightful property benefits from a LARGER THAN ..."
Superbly presented | Driveway | Good sized garden | Large Swimspa | Large outbuilding | Sought after location | Easy access to M60 motorway | Additional boarded loft area | Outside bar/games area | Less than 5 miles to Manchester City Centre | Close to Heaton Park. EPC D.
"An EXTENDED 1930's traditional semi detached home that boasts a CONSIDERABLE rear garden, ideally located close to East Didsbury metro link station, Burnage train station and stone's throw from Parrs Wood entertainment centre. In need of some COSMETIC UPDATING allowing for potential buyers to cu..."
"This spacious and modern apartment is located within a highly sought after location of Picadilly east, just a short walk away from the Northern Quarter and Piccadilly Train Station. This development offers an onsite gym, concierge and communal lounge. "
"*** INVESTMENT PROPERTY *** Wilburn Basin is a highly sought after modern development located within walking distance to Castlefield and Spinningfields, and offers superb resident facilities including a Gym and Swimming Pool, and has 24 hour concierge. RENTAL INCOME is &poun..."
"SIMPLY STUNNING! Take a look at this modern, three storey, four bedroom, two bathroom semi detached property, which is presented to a very high specification throughout and is ready to walk straight in, which would be PERFECT for first time buyers, family purchasers or professional couples. VIEW NOW"
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** 3-bedroom semi-detached house in Withington, Manchester. Garden and single driveway at the front, with plenty of additional parking on a wide street. Large, private garden to the rear, including a patio leading to a good-sized lawn, plus additional allotment area wi..."
"Sell Well Are Delighted To Offer For Sale This Unique, Spacious Freehold Detached Period Style House Nestled On A Huge Plot. With extensive gardens at the front, side and rear, this substantial detached property is an ideal family home with bags of potential and a fantastic investment opportunity..."
"Looking for a high a high spec property in the heart of the City? - Look no further Located on the 20th floor this superb 715sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high finish kitchen with integrated appliances, two double ..."
"Residential buy to let opportunity for any investor looking to earn 6% rental income. Affordable starting price from £200,000. A386"
"No chain involved! A most attractive three bedroom semi detached family home ideally located on a quiet cul de sac being free from through traffic yet within walking distance of local shops, bars, restaurants, cafes, sports facilities and schools of high repute."
"An attractive semi detached family home in a highly desirable location. This beautiful home has been much improved by the current owner and is presented to an exceptional standard throughout. The accommodation comprises of; entrance hallway, open plan full length lounge and dining room with bay w..."
"A handsome double fronted home which stands well on sizable plot, boasting mature gardens and a driveway providing off the road car parking for two cars. Being sold with NO CHAIN, this gorgeous home demands an early inspection to avoid disappointment. With floods of natural ligh..."
"Located in M3 in the heart of the city, just an 8-minute walk to Manchester Victoria Station. A222"
"A DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME WITH IMPRESSIVE VIEWS TO THE REAR Situated in the heart of a popular area of Salford M7, this three bedroom detached property is finished throughout with neutral tones and well-proportioned living accommodation. Perfect for a small famil..."
"Well-presented 4 bedroom family home now available in South Manchester.  This property is located on a well-sized corner plot in a sought-after development offering a private garden with side access and off-street parking.  On the ground floor, there is a welcoming and extrem..."
"Below Market Value Manchester Investment: Luxury residential apartments, townhouses and duplexes starting at just £275,000, and with a 6% rental yield. A96"
"This FABULOUS FAMILY HOME is one not to miss, offering an abundance of space with a double storey side extension as well as being extended to the rear; whilst benefitting from OFF ROAD PARKING and a LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN. Located close to OUTSTANDING SCHOOLS, shops & excellent transport links!"
"STUNNING TOP FLOOR THREE BEDROOM CORNER APARTMENT LOCATED IN A HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT *** HALF A MILE FROM BOTH SALFORD CENTRAL STATION & CORNBROOK TRAM STOP *** IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS, YOUNG PROFESSIONALS & BUY TO LET LANDLORDS LOOKING FOR A GOOD RETURN *** MASTER BEDROOM E..."
"Wow....If you are looking for a period property in South Swinton, they don't come much better than this one. This simply stunning bay fronted Victorian terrace which is a perfect mix of modern and old. The property has four bedrooms, fabulous high ceilings and large rooms. A substantial home ..."
"A superb and stylish luxury apartment situated on the premium 12th floor, occupying a enviable corner aspect with a full width and 6ft wide waterside balcony. Boasting open plan living, two bedrooms, en-suite and contemporary bathroom and ready to move in condtion offered w..."
"**VIDEO TOUR** - VITALSPACE ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this larger than average FOUR BEDROOM semi detached property located within easy reach of Stretford Meadows and Stretford Mall. Offering tastefully presented, extended accommodation, an internal inspection will reveal an..."
"Off plan apartments located in Old Trafford Manchester deliver 6% rental returns to investors. Prices start at £174,995 for fully managed buy to let apartments. A1124"
"SIMPLY STUNNING... WALKING DISTANCE TO TRAM STOP Philip James Kennedy is proud to introduce this immaculate, four bedroom semi detached family home. Situated on Rivington Grove, Audenshaw the property is only a short distance from several reputable schools, a retail park and easy links ..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A bay fronted, THREE BEDROOM, period mid terraced property, on this highly popular residential road off Oswald Road. This well-designed home is within a short stroll of Longford Park and several primary schools. Close by to all local amenities on Manchester Road, indepen..."
"This impressive four bedroom semi detached family home benefits from double storey side and rear extension. Met with a double driveway this property oozes size, space and specification. Upon entry you are welcomed with a hallway in which you can go right through the living room with patio doors. ..."
"This property is for sale by Modern Method of Auction allowing the buyer and seller to complete within a 56 Day Reservation Period. Hidden behind this modest exterior is an immaculately presented 3 bedroom detached bungalow. Tucked down a private driveway set back from the road, this..."
"Excellent established 6-bed all en-suite HMO located in Salford, with a great flow throughout. Ample local amenities and transport links into Manchester city centre and further afield."
"Julian Wadden are delighted to market is handsome 1930’s semi-detached home which stands on a well regarded Heatons road. With many selling features including a full width single storey extension to the rear and an enclosed ground floor study, this ideal family home demands an early inspect..."
NO ONWARD CHAIN...This Imposing Detached Property Just Has To Be Seen. Standing on a commanding plot. This property is a truly outstanding detached home full of character and charm. Consisting of a beautifully presented hallway with open spindle stairs that'll lead you up to the first floor a...
"An immaculately presented penthouse apartment on the top floor of this very sought after development. Enjoying lift access and secure undercroft parking, this superbly positioned property is just a short stroll from Burton Road, offered chain free, and enjoys well proportioned accommodation with..."
"Normie are pleased to bring to market this ideally located and well presented, four bedroom, semi-detached family home situated within close to the shops and amenities at Sedgley Park."
"*Tenanted until July 2023 - Investors only* Deansgate Square takes City Centre living to a whole new level. This stunning two bedroom apartment is on the 35th floor in the South Tower of Deansgate Square, featuring full height windows that allow plenty of natural light in and offers un..."
"M4 4AQ £375,000   Duplex Apartment for sale   A superb opportunity for investors/ Landlords to acquire this two bedroom apartment within close proximity of Victoria Train station and Manchester city centre     A spacious two bedroom duplex apartment off..."
"**Video Tour** An amazing two/three bedroom, two bathroom duplex apartment within an Edwardian conversation. The property is situated on a quiet residential cul-de-sac within West Didsbury and this amazing home offers stylish, spacious and versatile accommodation over two floors. Comprises b..."
"STUNNING THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME With uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, gardens, driveway and garage. EPC GRADE = D "
"The property offers spacious well presented accommodation extending to: entrance hall, lounge, newly fitted kitchen, conservatory, three bedrooms master with en-suite and a family bathroom. Externally, there is a private garden, complete with a well maintained lawn and patio, ideal for alfresco d..."
"The Blade, Manchester will become one of the city’s most distinctive landmarks. A magnificent architectural achievement. The Blade is scheduled to be completed and ready for new residents by Q4 2023."
" We are delighted to offer for sale this superb four bedroom property which has been thoughtfully extended to create a substantial family home. Situated on a small development in Heaton Chapel, ideally positioned to take advantage of the many local amenities available, including schools, plus als..."
"Exclusive Opportunity: Own prime Deansgate property from £174,995. View floor plans today. A510"
"Wonderfully presented 4 bedroom detached house located in Audenshaw, Manchester Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hall Bright and airy, open plan living/dining room Well-appointed and modern kitchen with base and wall units and integrated fridge/freezer T..."
"*** Internal Viewing A Must - Fabulous Traditional Bay Fronted Four Storey Semi- Detached Home With Extensive Rear Garden and Double Driveway, 4 Double Bedrooms (Master with En-Suite) and 2 Large Reception Rooms, Popular Residential Setting with Easy Access into Manchester *** This stu..."
 Clive Anthony are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented elevated semi detached property which is situated in a prime location close to local amenities including public transport links and with easy access to Prestwich Village and the motorway networks as well as Manchester City...
"Luxury 1 and 2-bedroom apartments in Deansgate, Manchester city centre. Invest from £174,995. A500"
"An excellent four bedroom extended semi-detached family home with a massive amount of potential to put your stamp on your dream home! Situated on a cul de sac location and in the heart of Worsley Village, just off farm lane ,within close proximity of Worsley canal, local amenities, popular restau..."
"A WONDERFULLY SPACIOUS (1474 sq ft) TOP FLOOR APARTMENT ENJOYING A SUPERB SETTING OFF HOLME ROAD, ADJACENT TO MARIE LOUISE GARDENS. Numerous noteworthy features include an extremely generous living room with square bay window, two excellent double bedrooms, the main being over 26ft, two bathrooms..."
"A LOVELY NINETH FLOOR TWO BED APARTMENT WITH CITY VIEWS IN THE HEART OF MANCHESTER IN THE CASTLEFIELD AREA. This bright, open space apartment with clean contemporary lines is ideal for the city life. Property comes with its own winter garden and access to the communal roof garden."
"A four- bedroom detached property in prime location. Set back from Prestwich Village, it is just a short walk to the local cafes, bars, and shops that connect you to the community. Nearby Prestwich Metrolink station and the motorway network facilitate travel options."
"Aubrey Lee & Co are pleased to bring to the market this extended family home occupying a prominent corner plot, the plot offers scope for extension subject to the usual approvals. Situated on a popular road which offers easy access to local shops, schools and places of worship."
"*** FAMILY HOME *** NO CHAIN *** FREEHOLD *** We are delighted to bring to market this stunning property located on this leafy quiet cul de sac in Salford. Internally, the rooms are generous throughout and briefly comprise of entrance hallway, bay fronted morning room, lounge, kitchen/..."
Chic apartments completed in Salford near to Manchester city centre with 6% rental returns.A616
REQUIRING FULL MODERNISATION - NO ONWARD CHAIN - A delightful three bedroom 1930's semi detached property offering spacious and light accommodation throughout. This splendid property benefits from both off road parking and a large West facing garden. The spacious accommodation briefly comprises: ...
"**GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £380,000** **CHECK OUT THE INTERACTIVE VIRTUAL TOUR** Welcome to a well presented and substantial four bed period terraced property located on a sought-after road in the ever popular area of Old Trafford. The property sits in a p..."
"Do Not Miss This Superb Semi-Detached Property…A Real Gem. With a superior position on Greenacre Lane, a very private and desirable cul de sac set just behind the ever-popular George's Restaurant and Bridgewater Hotel. In one of the area's most sought after locations, properties here rare..."
"**INCREDIBLE 3 BED FLAT** This stunning 3 bedroom apartment is set canal side, over looking the soapworks and is fit with 2 en-suites and a main bathroom. Finished to the highest standard and benefitting from a private gym and cinema room this really is a must see for investor and homeowners alike."
"A wonderful three bedroomed 1930’s detached home which stands proud on a row of similar attractive homes. NO CHAIN. With an abundance of period features offering charm and character throughout, this ideal family home in brief comprises: porch, inviting hallway with storage facil..."
"Stunning top floor luxury two bedroom apartment, situated in a prime central Manchester location."
"Located in an increasingly popular hotspot, is this fantastic three-bed semi-detached family home. Where East Didsbury meets the Heatons, you're just a short stroll from Didsbury village, East Didsbury Station and Metrolink, as well as Heaton Mersey Common. The property itself has been tastefully..."
"The Chandler has three bedrooms - one of which has an en suite - a modern family bathroom, an open-plan kitchen and dining area, and a separate living room. Speak to our Sales Advisor today about your new Bellway home!"
"A much sought-after waterfront development designed with the modern professional in mind. Prices from £210,000 for a 1-bed! 34% below local comparable prices. A221"
"Fully Managed Buy to Let: Manchester's latest fully managed, off plan property deal brings 1, 2 and 3-bedroom apartments to the market from £174,995. Returns are at 6% but availability is limited so request a brochure today. A1123"
EWS1 Certified - Fantastic Investment Opportunity Skyline Central is all encompassing with a range of five star facilities and services making the property one of Manchester's most desirable locations. From its luxurious 18th floor 20-metre rooftop pool and fully equipped gym this is unarguabl...
"Luxury 1 and 2-bedroom apartments in Deansgate, Manchester city centre. Invest from £174,995. A509"
"Invest from £174,995 in below market value apartments in Greater Manchester. 6% returns projected. A615"
"Salford Quays Waterfront Apartments: Developed in collaboration with a local award-winning development company, with a strong portfolio in residential property, these apartments will offer 6% rental returns. A95"
"Manchester Regeneration Area: A completed Manchester residential apartment with waterfront views, offering from £7,797 annual rental income and high capital growth potential in the years to come.A1198"
Thornley Groves are delighted to bring to the market this fantastic extended three bedroom semi detached property located at the head of a quiet cul de sac within a short walk of Prestwich Village and all of the amenities it has to offer plus Heaton Park and the Metrolink. The property also boast...
"Exquisitely presented, four bedroom, luxury family home. Built in 2013 the property boasts numerous features. Fully Upvc double glazed windows and doors. Off road fully gated parking for numerous vehicles . South facing rear garden. Modern gas central heating. Solar panel water heater. Modern fu..."
**PRIME LOCATION** WALKING DISTANCE TO MANCHESTER'S BIGGEST TRAIN STATION** HIGH SPECIFICATION** RESIDENT GYM** TOP QUALITY AMENITIES** GREAT ACCESS TO CENTRAL HOTSPOTS** NEXT TO FUTURE SITE OF HS2 STATION**
*COMPLETED HOMES* STUNNING SPECIFICATION** ON-SITE AMENITIES** SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION** INCREDIBLE VIEWS** PET FRIENDLY**
***LIMITED UNITS REMAIN*** ***96% SOLD OUT*** ***5 STAR DEVELOPMENT*** ***COMPLETING Q2 2023***
"EXCLUSIVE BRIDGFORDS CITY CENTRE OFFER ** FREE FURNITURE PACK WORTH UPTO £5k** We’re delighted to introduce Ancoats Gardens, one of Manchester’s most anticipated residential development. Located in the popular Ancoats district, the development will feature 155 spacio..."
"Situated in the much sought-after Ancoats neighbourhood, Ancoats Gardens boasts contemporary concrete walls, bespoke furnishings, advanced audio intercom systems, high-spec Bosch. Luxuriously finished apartments"
"Situated close to Wythenshawe Park Metrolink and Baguley Brook as well as a short walk to the fantastic Wythenshawe Park and Gardens, this superb four bedroom detached home, with easy motorway access and tenants in situ until Spring 2023, presents a great opportunity for first time landlords or i..."
"***NEW DEVELOPMENT*** A collection of LUXURY apartments in the perfect location, ideal for investors and owner occupiers. Located in one of Manchester's most sought-after postcodes."
"Rarely Does A Property Like This Come To The Market With No Chain! You will be immediately impressed by the original features including stained glass windows in the property's elegant hallway and entrance porch, this impressive home oozes period style and charm, is steeped in character with b..."
"Luxury Ancoats Two and Three Bedroom Apartments with State-Of-The-Art Facilities, including residents work-space and gymnasium with City and Park Views. Both Completed and Off-Plan units available with 10% Deposits. Contact for further details."
"Brand new to the market, this gorgeous four-bedroom detached property is tucked away in a quiet area close to Manchester City Centre. It boasts a much larger than average garden, integrated garage to the side and a driveway providing plenty of off road parking. The presence of the garage also pro..."
Traditional Three Bedroom Semi. Desirable Cul-de-Sac Position. Double Glazing & Gas Central Heating. Off Road Parking and Garden to the Front. Southerly Facing Rear Garden. Conservation Area. NO VENDOR CHAIN
"***PRIME CENTRAL LOCATION*** The most exquisite standards of luxury living in the Capital of the North, Manchester. Stunning and spacious off-plan development with close proximity to areas such as Ancoats, the Northern Quarter, and Manchester City FC."
"***UNBEATABLE RENTAL NET YIELDS OF 10.72%***THE PREVIOUS PHASES HAVE BEEN A TREMENDOUS SUCCESS, SHOWING THE HUGE DEMAND FOR PRIME LUXURY RESIDENTIAL HOMES IN SALFORD. NORTHILL APARTMENTS, LOCATED IN THE HEART OF SALFORD QUAYS."
"A beautifully presented and most spacious three/four bedroom, modern, extended, detached family home which benefits from a four car driveway and private rear gardens. The property is located on a quiet and popular residential estate which is within close proximity to local schools, am..."
"Sitting on a generous plot, this three bedroom semi-detached property sits within an increasingly popular location close to the centre of Heaton Chapel and its bars, restaurants and excellent transport links. The ground floor consists of a bright sitting room at the front the property, a large lo..."
"EWS1 AVAILABLE - B1 RATING. MORTGAGE BUYERS INVITED. Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale this stunning SEVENTH FLOOR (TOP) two bedroom apartment with HUGE 194 sq ft PRIVATE ROOF TERRACE located in McConnell Building, part of the Royal Mills development. The apartment is located jus..."
Genesis City are proud to present this newly built 2 bedroom apartment in central Manchester 
"VIEWING ESSENTIAL. This wonderful modern three bedroom detached home, will not disappoint. Immaculately presented throughout and enjoying the benefits of a generous plot with private rear garden, off road parking and a converted garage that could be utilised as a work from home office. Locat..."
"Gross Income £28,903 Townhouse are pleased to market this fantastic four bed HMO with a tenancy in place until 30th June 2023. Currently has a gross Income of £23,920, there is the opportu..."
"A truly stunning & stylishly presented, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMED, garden fronted, period, mid terraced property positioned on a popular road in the heart of Chorlton Green. Within easy walking distance to all the independent shops/bars/restaurants, Beech Road Park, Chorlton Nature Reserve, Chorlton c..."
"A 2 bedroom apartment which offers a fully fitted open-plan kitchen, living and dining area, a luxury bathroom, and hallway storage. The Master Bedroom also features a built-in wardrobe.This prestigious development offers a concierge, residents lounge and swimming pool. "
"Location, Fantastic space, convenient location!  Here we have a superb example of a larger than average FAMILY HOME, boasting three reception rooms, extended kitchen diner, three double bedrooms and a family bathroom.All set in a super convenient location of the Kingswa..."
"WE TRULY DO HAVE SOMETHING SPECIAL HERE. Nestled away from the hustle & bustle of trendy leveshulme we have a three bedroom extended period semi, with integral garage, rear conservatory and huge rear g..."
"A fantastic new development in central Manchester with a range of 2 and 3-bedroom apartments. This is in the final stages of construction, with the flats ready to be lived in at the beginning of 2023. These exceptionally bright and spacious 2 and 3-bedroom apartments benefit from an ab..."
"Presenting this rare to market, extended, three bedroom detached family home, with garage and loft room, that combines the appeal of a period property, with many modernised internal features. At almost 1,400sqft, this property including an EXTENSION to SIDE & REAR, UPVC double glazed windows and ..."
COMPLETED / Newly built / Media City / Enquire for more details
Manchester New Square - 2 Bedroom Luxury Apartments in the heart of Manchester!
"A superbly appointed and spacious three bedroom property offering well presented accommodation throughout. The property is situated on a popular and quiet road close to excellent transport links and local amenities. Three good sized bedrooms, recently refitted shower room and W/C, bay fronted liv..."
"... No Onward Chain... Spacious family home situated in a highly sought-after location on Cyprus Street, within walking distance to Victoria Park, Stretford Mall, the Metrolink Station, access to locally rated schools, and excellent transport links for commuting. Inside the property ..."
Off-Plan Luxury Development in the Heart of Manchester City Centre. The Perfect Opportunity for Owner Occupancy or for Investment. State-of-the-art Communal Facilities. Spectacular Design and Internal Finishes.
"*COMPLETED AND TENANTED* STUNNING SPECIFICATION** ON-SITE AMENITIES** HIGH YIELDING NEW-BUILD APARTMENT** SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION** INCREDIBLE VIEWS**
"
"A superbly practical UTILITY ROOM on ground level means that the magnificent OPEN-PLAN first floor can be dedicated to relaxed dining, conversation and pleasure. FRENCH WINDOWS and a JULIETTE BALCONY bring a delightful focal point, and the EN-SUITE principal bedroom adds a luxurious touch."
"**ATTENTION INVESTORS AND OWNER OCCUPIERS** This stunning development offers investors and cash buyers an excellent opportunity to invest from just 30% deposit. Yield of 6% and it is managed by a leading management company in Manchester, Zenith."
"Advantage Investment are delighted to present a stunning development in the heart of Manchester.1, 2, and 3 bedroom apartments available. * Projected returns 7%.* Ideal for investors and homeowners alike"
"A superb garden fronted terrace with an enviable location on a quiet cul-de-sac, within a short stroll of the Metrolink & Didsbury Village. Presented to a high standard throughout and with both gas central heating and uPVC double glazing, the stylish living space includes a lovely through lounge..."
A substantial mid terrace property spread over three floors. The property would suit a family looking to upsize to this spacious property located in the popular part of Levenshulme/Heaton Chapel with easy access to schools and transport links to Manchester City Centre and surrounding areas.
"*** DETACHED FAMILY HOME *** CUL DE SAC *** FREEHOLD *** This is the perfect family home, superbly proportioned throughout. Situated on a quiet residential cul de sac this 4 bedroom detached home offers an abundance of accommodation. Located off Worsley Road with easy proximity to moto..."
"Luxury Ancoats Two and Three Bedroom Apartments with State-Of-The-Art Facilities, including residents work-space and gymnasium with City and Park Views. Both Completed and Off-Plan units available. Contact for further details."
Trading Places (Sale) are delighted to present this substantial **THREE BEDROOM -  EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME** to the sales market.  The kitchen extension provides a fabulous family /dining room ideal for entertaining family and friends and providing direct access to the rea...
"AN ENVIABLE THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME Having been presented and maintained to the highest standard throughout with immaculate presentation, enviable wrap around gardens and added detached garage, this fantastic three bedroom detached property is being proudly welcomed to the market i..."
"JLL are pleased to bring to the market this charming two bedroom duplex apartment, within a 13-apartment, beautifully converted Victorian mill. The property retains original industrial features combined with a modern contemporary design. Based in the Northern Quarter, a vibrant neighbourhood whi..."
"FOUR BEDROOMED DETACHED PROPERTY FOR SALE WITH NO VENDOR CHAIN! SPACIOUS LOUNGE, FITTED DINING KITCHEN, OFFICE/STUDY, DOWNSTAIRS W.C, ENSUITE TO MASTER BEDROOM, ATTACHED GARAGE, GARDENS FRONT AND REAR, DRIVEWAY PARKING!"
"This four-bedroom family home is situated in the heart of Heaton Chapel. This grants the property easy access to a wealth of transport links including the M60 motorway network, Heaton Chapel train station and a variety of bus routes. There's also a number of local amenities and schools within a ..."
"Set within the Prospect Home development, once home to Manchester City FC this circa 2013 development has been designed with the family home in mind. With a pedestrian walkway, resident greenery, an award winning school as well as easy access to and from local amenities and the city centre. This..."
Prestigious location | Only 4 miles to Manchester | Excellent plot | Tonnes of potential | Off-road parking | Gardens | Renovated throughout by current owners | Close to Boggart Hole Clough. EPC D
"An IMPRESSIVE apartment located within the POPULAR LARKE RISE DEVELOPMENT, standing in LANDSCAPED grounds off Mersey Road in a GREAT LOCATION between Didsbury and West Didsbury Villages. 1074 sq ft. The spacious living space is well planned with numerous noteworthy features including two double ..."
"A stylish and spacious semi-detached property which is sure to impress. Fully renovated to a high standard throughout the property boasts three double bedrooms, brand new modern kitchen and bathroom, large living room with bay-window, generous private rear garden and ample off-road parking. Perfe..."
"EXCELLENT VALUE FOR MONEY!!! Property Perspective are delighted to be able to present to you this beautifully presented and maintained 3 bedroom detached house, situated in the popular Manchester Suburb of Swinton. Benefiting from modern sophisticated decor throughout, en-suite shower room and de..."
"Brand new to the market is this fabulous EXTENDED four bedroom semi detached property. Larger than its appears in the Road and with outside space that needs to be seen to understand what is on offer, this property is a fantastic example of a sought after family home! In brief the property consi..."
"EWS1 certified/Mortgage and cash buyers invited. Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale this impressive new 13th floor apartment offering great views, covered balcony and high specification fixtures and fittings throughout. The apartment is approximately 931 sq ft in total. Comprising..."
"This fantastic family home is nestled in the heart of Heaton Norris. This grants the next owners effortless access to a large range of local amenities. This includes a thorough transport system boasting the M60 motorway network, Heaton Chapel train station and major bus routes. A large number of ..."
"Limited Riverside Development Offering 1,2 and 3 bedrooms - Parking - 6% returns - 999 leasehold ownership."
"Situated on the popular Parrs Wood Road in Withington is this brilliant three bed, semi-detached family home. Perfect for that next move or first-time buyers. Whether it’s a gentle stroll in Ladybarn Park you need, great local shops or easy access transport links, this home has it all. "
"Manchester apartments completed with high quality furnishings and fully fitted kitchens. Prices start at £200,000 and offer investors 6% rental return.A332"
Located at the head of a pleasant and quiet cul de sac in the popular area of DANE BANK in Denton is this deceptively spacious four-bedroom family home. The property has been extended to create versatile living accommodation to suit any growing family’s needs. 
"A charming two double bedroom mid terrace home which forms a lovely row of similar properties which are adjacent to Manchester Road Park. Offers charm and character in abundance, the home is immaculately presented throughout and would be ideal for someone looking to step onto the property ladder...."
"Bergins Estate Agents are proud to bring to the market this superb double fronted four bedroom, two bathroom semi detached family home. Set back on a quiet, private development just off leafy Wythenshawe Road this spacious home oozes bespoke features. In brief this property boasts four good size ..."
"This charming 3 bed semi sits in an enviable position on a cul-de-sac in the heart of Levenshulme, offering plentiful living accommodation upon a deceptively large plot. The ground floor consists of a practical and bright porch and entrance hall, two excellently-proportioned living rooms, an invi..."
"Genesis proudly offers a magnificent 2-bedroom apartment, conveniently located in close proximity to the bustling Manchester City Centre. The property is a mere stone's throw away from the iconic Manchester Arndale, offering seamless access to transportation, entertainment, and shopping options."
"A rare opportunity to acquire one of the hugely sought after and spacious apartments in Drayton Manor, an exclusive development tucked away and set in their own grounds off Parrs Wood Road, and close to Didsbury Lawn Tennis Club. Offered to the market with vacant possession and having just been..."
"An attractive bay-fronted semi-detached property occupying a large private plot situated on a popular road close to Withington village. Two reception rooms, extended kitchen, three generous bedrooms and a superb private mature garden with patio area. The property also offers a driveway for off-ro..."
"A deceptively spacious, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM family home spread across THREE FLOORS with OFF ROAD PARKING, INTEGRATED GARAGE and enclosed GARDEN to rear. Nestled in the popular VICTORIA PARK district of South Manchester close by to the City centre, Universities and Hospitals. NO ..."
We are delighted to offer for sale this FABULOUS and BEAUTIFULLY presented FOUR bedroom Semi Detached home situated in the very popular area of Audenshaw. A viewing is highly recommended to appreciate this excellent home. Close to Fairfield Train station so perfect for those wanting to commute.
Do Not Miss This Superb Freehold Semi-Detached Property Just Off Worsley Road In South Swinton. This classically styled immaculate semi-detached property has immediate appeal with real attention to detail throughout and is well situated with all that a family would need! What truly sets it apart ...
"A Range of Luxury One, Two and Three Bedroom Properties in Manchester City Centre. We are pleased to offer state of the art developments for both Owner Occupancy and Investment. Both Completed and Off-Plan Opportunities Available, with Deposits between 10-30%. Enquires for Further Details."
**CHAIN FREE** **EXTENDED** **NEWLY REFURBISHED** **WELL PRESENTED** **FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS** **IDEAL FOR FAMILIES** **DRIVEWAY** **THREE BATHROOMS** **SPACIOUS LIVING** **IDEAL LOCATION** Medlock Estates are delighted to present to the market this four bedroomed extended semi-detached proper...
"
Purplebricks are delighted to present to market this beautifully presented four bedroom semi detached family home. Close to local amenities, good schools and excellent transport links with easy access to the M60 and A62, Manchester, Oldham, Tameside and Rochdale are all within reach for commuter..."
POPULAR LOCATION! LOCATE ESTATE AGENT are delighted to bring to the market this modern three bedroom semi-detached property located on the popular Chorlton Fold development in Monton.
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A well-presented & light, THREE BEDROOMED, bay fronted, semi-detached property situated on a tree lined residential road off Rye Bank Road here in Firswood. Within easy walking distance of Chorlton Centre, only a ten-minute drive from Manchester City Centre, and moments ..."
"Well presented extended four bedroom semi detached house set on a quiet road in the sought after area of Swinton. This four bedroom home comprises of an entrance hall, living room, dining room and extended kitchen with conservatory downstairs. Upstairs you will find two double bedrooms, a single ..."
"Attention FAMILIES & FIRST TIME BUYERS! This well presented, modern and spacious 1930's freehold property boasts FEATURED BAY WINDOWS and a KITCHEN EXTENSION to the rear of the property. Benefitting from a gated DRIVEWAY and a FRONT & REAR GARDEN. The property is perfect for a wide..."
"A FANTASTIC EXAMPLE OF THE FOREVER FAMILY HOME  Set on one of the areas most sought after roads, Edward Mellor are pleased to present this three bedroom period semi.Complete with two reception rooms, family kitchen, three bedrooms as well as family shower room, external..."
"Built in 1936, this most handsome three bedroomed family home, stands proud on a corner plot position. Boasting many selling features including a side driveway which leads to an attached garage, this property also has the added advantage of being sold with NO CHAIN. In brief this appea..."
"Philip James are proud to introduce this EXTENDED three/four bedroom family home. This charming property offers DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS accommodation throughout, and is situated in a popular location. This property is entered into the market with NO ONWARD VENDOR CHAIN. Ideally positioned within the..."
"A beautifully presented two bedroom apartment located in one of Manchester`s most sought after locations, Century Buildings. Situated in the heart of the city centre and a stone`s throw from Deansgate and all the popular bars, restaurants and shopping! Fabulous apartment in a wonderful location."
"WATCH VIDEO TOUR! Superb three bedroom, duel aspect, two bathroom, 5th floor apartment, with secure underground parking, located in the McConnell Buildings, part of the award winning Royal Mills development. Prime Ancoats location."
STUNNING 3 BEDROOM APARTMENT FOR SALE - OLD TRAFFORD
"STUNNING THROUGHOUT! HOME ESTATE AGENTS are excited to offer for sale this immaculatley presented, modern three bedroom semi-detached property located on the always popular Chorlton Fold development. Located to the rear of the development with private position, the property comprises hallway, dow..."
"Hyde Estates are delighted to offer this four bedroom, semi detached house for sale. Built circa 1925 the property is located in a sought after residential area of Prestwich. Offering spacious living accommodation throughout, off street parking and gardens to the front and rear."
Located in the sought after Woodhouses village. A traditional and charming two bedroom cottage blending characterful features with a fantastic modern interior enhanced via a superb double extension. Enjoying wonderfully maintained gardens and beautiful far reaching views. Please call or email to ...
"This property is for sale by the Modern Method of Auction, meaning the buyer and seller are to Complete within 56 days (the ""Reservation Period""). Interested parties personal data will be shared with the Auctioneer (iamsold). If considering buying with a mortgage, i..."
This is a newly completed development that is Manchester's newest and most exciting place to live. This apartment comprises of an open plan living room with a modern fitted kitchen and floor-to-ceiling windows. Two double bedrooms with the master benefitting from an en-suite shower roo...
**REDUCED** **CHAIN FREE** **EXTENDED** **NEWLY RENOVATED** **WELL PRESENTED** **OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER** **TWO RECEPTION ROOMS** **THREE BATHROOMS** **LARGE REAR GARDEN WITH OFF ROAD PARKING** **IDEAL LOCATION** **PERFECT FOR FAMILIES** Medlock Estates are delighted to present to the market...
A stunning two beds apartment with dual aspect window view. Good opportunity for Investor! 
"**OVER 1000 SQ FT** TWO BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM** TENANTS PAYING £1320PCM TILL FEB 2023** STUNNING DEVELOPMENT** LARGE PRIVATE TERRACE AREA** PARKING INCLUDED**
"
"MeadowSide is an interesting mix of apartments, townhouses and penthouses. Real-life living, in the city and on the edge of the park. Where all the best bits live side-by-side."
"NEW LAUNCH: New stunning development coming to the Manchester city centre skyline. This new luxury tower is located between the edgy ends of the Northern Quarter and the epicentre of shopping in Manchester, Market Street."
***PRIME LOCATION*** BRAND NEW DEVELOPMENT SUITABLE FOR BOTH INVESTMENT AND OWNER OCCUPIER PURCHASE. WITH HIGH QUALITY FINISH THROUGHOUT AND BUILD COMPLETE NOW.  PROJECTED 7.5% YIELD.
Rothmore Invest are delighted to release a limited number of beautiful off-plan units in an investor only development in Salford. This is beautiful high spec development where nothing has been overlooked with the finish of each apartment.
***PRIME M1 CENTRAL LOCATION*** Whitworth Street West Apartments occupies a prime M1 location in the very heart of Manchester. Making this development ideal for both investors and owner-occupiers.
investment opportunity - 25% Deposit - Q2 2024 - 0.1% ground rent gym and 24-hour concierge - 6.5% Returns 
"*** 2 BEDROOM CORNER UNIT****MeadowSide is an interesting mix of apartments, townhouses and penthouses. Real life living, in the city and on the edge of the park. Where all the best bits live side-by-side."
"CHAIN FREE PROPERTY IN THE WEST POINT YES you are reading that correctly! A beautiful period property, matching period charm with contemporary living.the property benefits from two downstairs reception rooms, plus family kitchen. Recently update decked ..."
** STUNNING FOUR BED + LOFT SEMI-DETACHED *** REAR AND SIDE EXTENSION *** TWO FAMILY BATHROOMS & ADDITIONAL WC *** FRONT DRIVEWAY *** FULLY DOUBLE GLAZED *** GREAT LOCATION IN HEATON CHAPEL *** EASY ACCESS TO AMENITIES *** CENTRALLY LOCATED TO SCHOOLS *** EXCELLENT TRNASPORT NETWORK *** NO CHAIN **
Whitworth Street West Apartments occupy a prime M1 location in the very heart of Manchester. Making this development ideal for both investors and owner-occupiers. With a wonderful open-concept kitchen/dining space and lounge.
"Michigan Towers is a ground breaking development by a multi-award winning developer that is set to change the Manchester skyline. This 3 bedroom apartment is perfect for first time buyers and investors alike, and access to amenities include a 5-star gym, multiple rooftop terraces, a 24/7 conci..."
"Spacious 3 Bedroom Media City Apartment ** 2 Years 6% Net Assured Rent ** 2 Years Free Lettings and Management ** Completion Q4 2024 ** Stunning Media City Views ** Prime Manchester Location ** Gym, Cinema Room and 24hr Concierge. Parking Available with certain units."
"New Cross Central is a newly completed development, with a twist on the internal finishes. Unique features such as exposed concrete walls, full height feature windows, brass finishes & Crittall style shower screens offer a luxurious and modern feel. The two bedroom apartments ..."
"Welcome to Uptown! A luxury development situated on the banks of Manchester's River Irwell. Uptown delivers the convenience of city living from a stylish waterfront location, offering an enviable modern lifestyle in Manchester's most sustainable new residential building."
"** ONLY ONE AVAILABLE ** - A BRAND NEW apartment at THE LIMES, which is a is an elegant collection of fourteen apartments and four townhouses in the heart of DIDSBURY VILLAGE, one of Manchester's most desirable suburbs. This particular property enjoys a WONDERFUL L-SHAPED TERRACE, open plan livin..."
"297 Ground Floor - Reception Room, Two Rooms, En suite/ Shower Room, 297 First Floor - Three Rooms, Shower/ WC, 299 Ground Floor - Reception Room, Kitchen, Room, En suite, Shower Room, 299 First Floor - Three Rooms, Bathroom, Extensive shops and restaurants are available nearby along Wilmslow Roa..."
"*INVESTORS ONLY* * *APPROX 6.9 % YIELD**FULLY LET FOR NEXT ACADEMIC YEAR* *
Currently let with full occupancy for the next academic year at £24,400, this property offers approx. 6.9% yield .
The property has been extremely well maintained throughout making this the ideal hands off investment or ..."
"AN IDYLLIC, FULLY UPDATED THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME Flowing internally with character and charm and benefiting from an abundance of indoor and outdoor space, contemporary fixtures and fittings and stylish decor, this enviable three bedroom detached property is being proudly welcomed ..."
"Attention FIRST TIME BUYERS, Young Professionals and Families! Are you looking for a property that is ready to move into and is within WALKING DISTANCE to a METROLINK station?This immaculately presented, MODERN, freehold property has been RECENTLY RENOVATED THROUGHOUT to a stunning stan..."
Britannia Mills is a dynamic conversion of a former 19th Century Mill building which produced sand and emery paper. Castlefield is steeped in the industrial heritage of Manchester . This outstanding luxury apartment is the epitome of style and loft living. Consisting of a entrance door to hallway...
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this spacious two double-bedroom apartment located in the prestigious Century Buildings development in the heart of Manchester City Centre. The immaculately presented 3rd floor apartment is located in the original Edwardian part of the developmen...
"** SOLD WITH NO CHAIN **  TRADING PLACES are pleased to have this spacious three bedroom detached house for sale. Briefly, the accomodation comprises of a hall giving access to the two recpetion rooms and the kitchen whilst to the first floor there are t..."
Briscombe are Delighted to Off For Sale this Spacious 4/5 Bedroom Property.
"**IDEAL FAMILY LOCATION** STOP! Available with NO VENDOR CHAIN is this DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS, THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME, situated on a GENEROUS PLOT! Ideally located within walking distance of SALFORD ROYAL HOSPITAL, close to Light Oaks school and well-kept local parks, this property is e..."
*** No Chain Involved - Superb Modern Detached Family Home Situated Within a Quiet Cul-de-Sac Setting in a Highly Sought After and Convenient Residential Location Close to Manchester City Centre *** This wonderful property is situated in a popular setting within the fabulous area of ...
"*THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN*OFF ROAD PARKING & REAR GARDEN* Sanderson James are delighted to offer a modern built townhouse a very short walk away from Whalley Range High School & Princess Road. Athol Road is located just off from Wilbraham Road, so we expect this propert..."
"****UNIQUE INDIVIDUALLY BUILT DETACHED RESIDENCE****HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION**** DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS****EXTENDED TO REAR****MODERNISED THROUGHOUT****IDEAL FOR LARGE FAMILY****VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED**** ""Craigmore"" 4 Totton Road, is a unique, individually designed detached property, full ..."
"Three Bed Detached Home, Modern Design, Driveway and Garage, No Chain, Popular Location, Viewing Recommended
WP Fitzpatrick are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroomed detached home in Heaton Mersey to the West of Stockport town center. Set in a popular location close to Heaton Mersey pa..."
"A STYLISHLY PRESENTED MODERN END MEWS positioned on a CORNER PLOT with an ATTRACTIVE GARDEN located within STROLLING DISTANCE of both DIDSBURY and WEST DIDSBURY VILLAGES. 807 sq ft. The accommodation consists of: an entrance hallway with storage, a spacious open plan living and dining room with F..."
A three bedroom property with beautiful period features in a popular location. This traditional family home briefly comprises of: a welcoming porch with stained glass features leading in to the spacious entrance hallway boasting high ceilings throughout. Two large and spacious reception rooms wit...
"Hunters Worsley are delighted to market this three bedroom semi-detached home with a loft room offered with no chain in Monton Village! Situated on a desirable corner plot there is plenty of room to extend! (STPP). Internally, there is a bay fronted reception room to the front, a further receptio..."
"This freehold semi detached property has been extended to the side and rear, as well as into the loft to create a superb family home. Located on a quiet cul de sac a few minutes walk from Heaton Park it also has a wide variety of shops, bars and restaurants as well as the Metrolink within easy w..."
"A bay-fronted three bedroom semi-detached property situated in a popular residential area not far from Didsbury village and local primary schools. Two reception rooms, refitted modern kitchen, three generous bedrooms, contemporary bathroom and South facing garden. Driveway for off-road parking."
"High Rental Yield and Growth Potential: Situated in a premium Manchester location, these luxury apartments overlook both the city's unspoilt rural areas and the iconic River Irwell.A30"
"Fantastic bay-fronted semi-detached property located on a desirable tree-lined side road in Old Trafford. The perfect family home with 3 double bedrooms, a spacious Kitchen/Dining Room and pleasant rear garden. Within easy reach of schools, parks and transport links to the city centre."
"This well proportioned 5 bedroomed terraced house is a perfect investment opportunity, situated in an established residential area, conveniently positioned for access to all the usual local amenities. The property benefits from a gas fired central heating system and double glazing. Externally th..."
"Large semi detached enjoying a prominent corner plot. 3 bedrooms and 2 reception rooms, fitted kitchen with granite worktops, big bathroom with 4 piece suite, cellars. Great location for schools, shops and transport with easy access to City Centre. Requiring cosmetic updating but a lovely home."
"Manchester apartments completed with high quality furnishings and fully fitted kitchens. Prices start at £200,000 and offer investors 6% rental return.A379"
"NO ONWARD CHAIN. Looking for a very large three double bedroomed family property?, this could be your forever home, set in a sought after location this property is deceptively spacious and viewing is highly recommended. Recently decorated throughout, perfect blank canvas to make this house your h..."
"This immaculate three bedroom semi-detached offers excellent family style accommodation complete with an extended wet room and an additional conservatory. The property comprises a welcoming entrance hall, downstairs bathroom/wetroom, lounge with dining room, conservatory and a well..."
Driveway/Parking | Garage | Large Garden/Plot | Pleasant open outlook to the front | Sought after modern development | Approx 4 miles to Manchester | Easy reach of transport links | Close to Boggart Hole Clough | Just under 2 Years to run on NHBC. EPC B.
"Looking for a high a high spec property in the heart of the City? - Look no further Located on the 23rd floor this superb 611 sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high finish kitchen with integrated appliances, two double..."
"A well presented AND RECENTLY REDECORATED, MODERN TWO BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT, located on the corner of the desirable Buckingham Road in West Bletchley. The location offers walking distance to local shops, excellent school catchments and in close proximity to road links and also to Bletchle..."
"To be sold at an online auction. For further information, viewing times and legal documentation, please visit bidx1.com."
"The chance to create something really special. A substantial private estate with an impressive main residence, a separate detached guest house and a triple garage/one bedroom annexe. Gated entrance, approximately 8 acre plot and stunning views towards Linford Lakes. Call to arrange a viewing."
"With views over the paddock, this exceptional family home was created by the current owners utilising their bespoke and timeless specification. The thoughtful and free-flowing configuration captures entertaining at its’ best, with the further benefit of a self-contained annexe and double garage."
"Combining luxury with exquisite design, this beautiful home is a property without compromise. Situated in an exclusive location, this unique property offers a fantastic lifestyle with its collection of high end upgrades that have been carefully introduced by the owner and their designers."
*** INCREDIBLE DETACHED HOME ON ONE OF MILTON KEYNES' MOST SOUGHT AFTER ROADS *** This home has an amazing primary suite and offers flexible living accommodation throughout.
"**A LANDMARK PROPERTY** Set on a plot of 0.31 acre, at the end of a crescent of individual, executive homes, adjacent the Grand Union Canal. Approached via electric gate. 4/5 bedrooms with a separate 1 bedroom annexe over the triple garage."
"King Estate Agents are proud to market 'Bridge House', an executive home set down an exclusive crescent, adjacent to the Grand Union Canal. This wonderful property boasts gated access through ..."
"An incredible executive home offering over 5500 sq ft of versatile living accommodation. Situated in a great location of similar properties and easy access to local amenities, M1, A5 and peaceful walks. Interested? Call "
"Offered for sale for the first time since being built by the current owners some 30 years ago, is this unique four bedroom detached home including two annexes and a double garage. The main house has been delightfully refurbished in the last 5 years to an extremely high standard with modern fixtur..."
"The gorgeous, detached house on highly desirable Whitworth Lane, in Loughton, has been nothing less than a dream home to its current owners for the past eight years"
"LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION....A very charming and well-proportioned five bedroom detached house. Situated within one of Milton Keynes Premier areas a spacious family home that has been extended to provide versatile living space over two floors with a square footage of just under 3,000."
Situated in one of Milton Keynes most desirable locations with idyllic views across Furzton Lake this property has so much to offer with five double bedrooms three of which are all benefiting from en-suite shower rooms whilst the master benefits from a balcony to front which enjoys fantastic view...
5 Bedroom Detached House
"An extended detached house with a south westerly facing rear garden, driveway parking for four cars and a double length garage situated off Stony Stratford High Street. The property has 2,954 sq. ft. of accommodation which includes an entrance hall with double doors to the sitting room which has ..."
"Uniting traditional with modern living, Fern Lodge is a unique residence on a plot of a third of an acre, combining a substantial detached property with three double garages, a studio, a summerhouse, and a self-contained annexe opportunity."
"Converted from the former stables and amenity buildings of Gayhurst’s hugely impressive, Grade I-listed Elizabethan country manor house, No. 10 is probably the largest of the beautiful, stone mews homes, with five bedrooms, lovely, bespoke kitchen and a spectacular sitting and dining roo..."
"An individually designed seven bedroom detached house with a double garage and parking, on a plot of approximately 0.26 acres in the Wavendon Gate area of Milton Keynes. This property has had recent substantial renovation carried out by the current owners and is situated on a wraparound plot - wh..."
"A renovated and extended five bedroom detached house with three en suites, a double garage and parking, on a corner plot in the quiet backwater of Great Linford village. The property has been extensively modernised and redesigned inside and out by the current owners and is now a contemporary ligh..."
"A five bedroom detached house with a double garage and parking, overlooking the equestrian centre in the Loughton area of Milton Keynes. The property has over 2,500 sq. ft. of accommodation which includes - on the ground floor - a reception hall and a dual aspect sitting room. The kitchen/dining ..."
"Squares the estate agent are pleased to offer a rare freehold investment opportunity for sale, Ideal for redevelopment or refurbishment,  Substantial detached property on a corner plot, Close to Wolverton town centre & train station, Town centre retailers include Tesco, ..."
"Being sold for the first time is this exquisite, 6-bedroom, 4 bathroom detached family home spread over three floors and boasting more than 3226sqf of living space. The property is nestled away within a secluded private square to the rear of Grange Farm and offers privacy and tranquillity. "
"A modern five bedroom detached house with gated parking and a detached garage, built by Prestige Homes on a private plot in the Wavendon Gate area of Milton Keynes. The property has in excess of 2,900 sq. ft. of accommodation set over two floors and includes, on the ground floor, a grand entrance..."
"A five bedroom detached house situated in the centre of the old village part of Loughton. The current vendors have owned the house since it was built in 1997 and during this time, they have continually updated the property including the landscaped garden. The accommodation comprises; a reception ..."
"A self built six bedroom detached house with a separate one bedroom annexe, a south easterly facing garden, a double garage and parking for at least six cars. This individually designed and built property has approximately 3,229 sq. ft of accommodation set over three floors and including the anne..."
Lovely two-bedroom apartment with allocated parking for one car.The kitchen has lots of storage space and integrated goods that include an oven with a gas hob and overhead extractor as well as a fridge freezer and space for a freestanding appliance. There is a separate living area with ...
"A beautifully presented, extended and much improved 4 bedroom detached family home on this exclusive development of self-build homes. The extension and modifications have been thoughtfully designed by the current Architect owner, and provide large rooms to include a large open-plan kitch..."
"An extended five bedroom detached house with three reception rooms and a double garage located within walking distance of Willen lake. The property has 2,325 sq. ft. of accommodation set over two floors. The ground floor has three reception rooms, including a study. There is also a kitchen/breakf..."
"A wonderful Six bedroom Victorian home dating back to 1881, with Five reception rooms, a double garage and set on a generous plot just a stones throw from the high street and local shopping. Situated on a private tree lined driveway and offering 3,300 sq ft of versatile living accommodation."
"An exciting development of three spacious and well proportioned high specification properties situated in a quiet, off road location. The properties all have five double bedrooms, three with en suites, a 34'8 approx kitchen/dining/day room, large conservatory and off road parking. MUST BE VIEWED!"
"A substantial 6 bedroom detached family home with 3 reception rooms, 4 bath/ shower rooms and a double garage, located on the sought after Tudor Gardens. The property has extensive accommodation set on two floors comprising; an entrance hall, lobby, cloakroom, 3 reception rooms, a large ..."
An individually designed and built four bedroom detached property situated within a cul-de-sac location in the Woolstone area of Milton Keynes. The property it situated on approximately a third of an acre plot with scope to extend further (STPP). It is located at the head of the cul-de-sac and si...
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale this imposing FIVE BEDROOM detached family home, situated in the desirable area of Loughton, with an easy commute to LONDON, conveniently located UNDER 1 MILE from Milton Keynes TRAIN STATION, and a short walk from Loughton village. Accommodation briefly co..."
Mason Kelly Property Consultants are pleased to offer for SALE this rarely available five double bedroom extended detached family home located in the sought-after residential area of Shenley Brook End. Located down a private shared driveway this well-proportioned house situated on a corner plot and
"Spacious, stylish and with a warm interior, the house on Paxton Crescent in Shenley Lodge is an impressive home, with a generous garden, set in a highly desirable location"
"With glorious views out over equestrian land, the house on Catesby Croft, in desirable Loughton, offers a perfect balance between rural-style living and exceptional convenience"
"Set on a quiet lane overlooking green paddocks, this charming four-bedroom cottage in Milton Keynes is a fine example of 18th-century long and low vernacular architecture. Extended in the latter half of the 21st century, the beautiful house now unfolds across some 2,300 sq ft with three sweeping ..."
"Distinctive by design and location, these stunning new properties enjoy an open space environment, a rare commodity within the new city boundary, They also enjoy a vista towards a medieval village church in one direction and in the other direction, an elevated view over Milton Keynes as it expan..."
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale this unique split level detached residence located in the popular residential area of Downhead Park. Formally a five bedroom home, now a well proportioned four bedroom. Located just 2 miles from Milton Keynes shopping centre, within a short walk of t..."
"*** 360 DEGREE TOUR AVAILABLE *** Cauldwell are delighted to offer for sale a stunning four bedroom detached family home, situated within the picturesque village of Woughton On The Green. Set on a generous size plot with beautiful gardens to the front and rear, surrounded by mature shrubs and tr..."
"A five bedroom barn conversion with character features, gardens and off street parking in a courtyard setting. The Threshing Barn is a double storey property with 2,666 sq. ft. of accommodation. Character features include exposed stone walls, beams and timbers, and latch and brace doors with wrou..."
"Elevation are delighted to present this characteristic barn conversion home with a large rear and front garden.At the entrance hall of this home, you are greeted by a mirrored entrance and stairs rising to the first floor and the downstairs cloakroom. The entirety of the home has bare s..."
This executive five bedroom detached home offers versatile living spaces and is offered for sale with no upper chain. It is pleasantly situated in an enviable position over-looking one of the picturesque green open spaces for which this development has always been favoured for.
"A rarely available, premium property situated on a private plot in a sought after location. No upper chain and available immediately."
"Situated in the TOWN OF STONY STRATFORD is this FOUR bedroom DETACHED house with NO UPPER CHAIN large reception rooms, cloakroom, kitchen to the rear with separate utility room, EN-SUITE bathroom to master bedroom, family bathroom, OFF ROAD PARKING four cars and DOUBLE GARAGE."
"Located in the sought after Fairfields area of Milton Keynes and with over 2500 sq ft footprint spread across three floors. This beautiful home has plenty of space for general living and additional features such as a cinema room, indoor gym and games room all in the comfort of your own home. Th..."
"Set on a plot of approximately a 1/4 of an acre, Windmill Farmhouse is a delightful part stone and brick dwelling believed to date back to the late eighteen century. Located on the High Street within the original village of Great Linford, this property has been updated and extended over time to c..."
"*WELL PRESENTED FIVE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME* Set over THREE floors this detached property offers Kitchen, Living/Dining room, five bedrooms, TWO family bathroom and benefits from EN-SUITE to master, cloakroom and a double GARAGE."
"**STUNNING FAMILY HOME** Superbly presented having been refurbished throughout. Electric gates lead to resin driveway, parking for several cars and access to double garage. Short walk one way to ""the village"" (pub, church, playing field) and the other way to Willen Lake."
"A simply stunning 4 bedroom detached property with feature thatched roof in the heart of Monkston Park. The house boasts plenty of charm inside and out and benefits from a double garage with electric doors, dressing area and ensuite to the main bedroom, underfloor heating and a sumptuous interior. "
"Thomas Connolly Estate Agents are delighted to present this one bedroom first floor apartment situated in the sought after location of Oakgrove, within popular school catchment and local amenities including Waitrose & Costa Coffee.The accommodation in brief comprises; entrance ..."
"A five bedroom executive property with two en suite, a double garage and off street parking, in a cul-de sac in the market town of Newport Pagnell. There is over 2,020 sq. ft. of accommodation including a dual aspect sitting room which has a feature brick built inglenook fireplace and doors to th..."
"This beautifully presented family home offers spacious accommodation, having been extended to the ground floor. There is also parking and a single garage all sitting within the sought after area of Brooklands. BE QUICK TO CALL CONNELLS TO ARRANGE A VIEWING!"
"A substantial Grade II listed period property with characterful and versatile accommodation to include living accommodation, a large studio/ annex and a shop unit. The property dates back to the late 17th Century and currently has mixed residential and commercial use. The versatile acco..."
"A contemporary five double bedroom detached house with two en suites, a double garage and parking, situated backing onto an eco edge on the new development of Brooklands. Built by David Wilson homes in 2015 the property has since been improved by the vendor including a refitted and reconfigured k..."
"SIX BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE IN POPULAR LOCATION Connells are delighted to offer this well positioned house in the popular area of Broughton. Sitting within close proximity of local shops, school and other amenities be quick to call Connells to register interest."
EXCITING OPPORTUNITY! Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to be selling this six bedroom house offering comfortable living with a self-contained two bedroom apartment with potential to convert the downstairs family rooms into another flat as well. Recently having the kitchen re-modelled along wit...
"An extended five bedroom detached house with three reception rooms and a master suite located in the Shenley Brook End area of Milton Keynes. The property has accommodation in excess of 2,200 sq. ft. over two floors and includes a sitting room, a study, a family room, a kitchen/breakfast room and..."
"The current owners have LOVED living in this wonderful FAMILY HOME, raising their family here. over the last 20 years they have carried out a host of improvements. They have taken advantage of a LARGE CORNER PLOT by extending the property making it the fabulous home it is today."
"*BEAUTIFUL SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME* Set over two floors this DETACHED property offers Kitchen/breakfast room, UTILITY ROOM, cloak room, THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, CONSERVATORY, four bedrooms, family bathroom and benefits from TWO EN-SUITES, DOUBLE GARAGE and driveway"
"This amazing property has huge potential, What was previously two houses has been converted into one huge property with an ATTACHED FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT with its own separate entrance. The property benefits from a DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE, FIVE RECEPTION ROOMS, LANSCAPED REAR GARDEN and a LARGE OF..."
*ATTENTION INVESTORS- FREEHOLD AND MANAGEMENT COMPANY INCLUDED IN SALE FOR 12 FLATS* Connells is delighted to present five maisonettes for sale in Emerton Gardens. The freehold and management company for all 12 maisonettes on this road will be sold included in the sale via modern method of auc...
"*** Guide price £800,000 to £835,000 *** CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale this versatile extended detached family home with a separate two bedroom apartment situated in the popular Bancroft area. This deceptively spacious property boasts a two bedroom apartment, office & reception room, a..."
FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED EXTENDED FAMILY HOME.....LARGE KITCHEN/DINER (30`10X18`5 MAX) WITH FRAMELESS JUMBO GLASS SILDING DOORS.....DOUBLE GARAGE AND PRIVATE DRIVEWAY.....CORNER PLOT.....WALTON HIGH SCHOOL CATCHMENT.....PRIVATE LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN.....WALKING DISTANCE TO WILLEN LAKE
"Nestled in one of Bletchley's most sought-after locations, this five Bedroom detached property boasting approximately 2600 sq ft exudes beauty and elegance. Boasting a high level of presentation, it features multiple reception rooms, including a lounge, workshop, study, and a bright open-plan liv..."
"Located on the prestigious Church Green Road in Old Bletchley is this five bedroom detached, positioned on a generous plot. The property boasts many original features such as parquet flooring, a double cellar and working fireplace. The ground floor comprises a separate kitchen and dining room wit..."
"This EXECUTIVE FAMILY HOME boasts over 2200 SQ FT of LIVING ACCOMMODATION, TWO EN SUITE BATHROOMS, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS with THREE BALCONIES, a FIFTH SINGLE BEDROOM, DOWNSTAIRS STUDY, SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER WITH GRANITE WORKTOPS, a PRIVATE REAR GARDEN leading to a DOUBLE GARAGE, plus DR..."
An exquisite home located on the lovely Great Linford estate that has many modern features as well as a versatile layout able to meet the demands of modern living or traditional.
"A beautifully maintained five bedroom detached property with a double garage, situated approximately 0.25 miles from Caldecotte Lake. This property has undergone a comprehensive refurbishment programme by the current owners to include new kitchen and bathrooms. It has approximately 1,928 sq. ft. ..."
"Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to be marketing this stunning five double bedroom detached family home in the highly desirable location of Perivale, Monkston Park. Situated down the far end of a quiet cul-de-sac just off of the well-renowned Queensbury Lane and providing a level o..."
"This STUNNING FAMILY HOME offering OVER 3000 SQFT of Living Accommodation benefits from SOLAR PANELS generating £2,500 PER ANNUM, FULLY RE-FITTED BATHROOMS, BRAND NEW CARPETS THROUGHOUT and a DOUBLE GARAGE with a PRIVATE DRIVEWAY. The PROPERTY is also within WALKING DISTANCE to Central Milton Key..."
"King Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market 'The Gables' a beautiful four bedroom cottage full of character and charm, set in the picturesque conservation area of Broughton Village..."
"The Kingfisher is a three storey, 2034sqft townhouse that offers generous living spaces and enviable levels of natural light. A 25 foot kitchen, dining and family room which extends across the ground floor provides a flexible space. With the benefit of an adjoining utility room, this i..."
"*** 360 DEGREE TOUR AVAILABLE *** CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a stunning four bedroom grade ll listed detached cottage, situated within the village of Simpson. Originally one cottage dating back to circa 1790 the property has been extended and undergone extensive refurbishment, boast..."
"Thomas Connolly Estate Agents are delighted to present this FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM detached family home with DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE situated in a very quite and private cul de sac location in the desirable location of Willen Park; offering close proximity to Willen Lake, Central Milton Keynes, th..."
"King Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this much improved and extended property, situated in the highly desirable area of Woolstone. This home is finished to a high standard and offer..."
"A four bedroom detached family bungalow located in Great Linford, occupying a third of an acre corner plot, entered via a five bar gate with an extensive block paved driveway leading to a double garage. The accommodation comprises, entrance hall, sitting room, dining room, kitchen/breakfast, ..."
"A modern, detached four bedroom property on a 0.12 acres plot with an enclosed rear garden and a double garage in the Loughton area of Milton Keynes. This property has over 1,989 sq. ft. of accommodation which includes, on the ground floor, a dual aspect sitting room, a snug, and an office. There..."
"A refurbished four double bedroom house in excess of 1,830 sq. ft., with an en suite shower room, detached double garage, parking for six cars, and wrap around gardens, set in a cul-de-sac location in Newport Pagnell. The property has been upgraded by the current owner including a refitted cloakr..."
"An incredible property situated on a rarely available plot size and boundary down the back of a quiet cul-de-sac in Great Linford, Milton Keynes. If you are looking for a family home in a private and idyllic location with a substantial rear garden and more than enough living space wit..."
"MUST BE SEEN! RARELY AVAILABLE! BIG PLOT! SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION! Offered for sale is this spacious and much improved detached family home, situated in a cul de sac location in the popular Great Linford. The property has five bedrooms, three bathrooms, and flexible living space. The accommodat..."
"An impressive, double fronted, six bedroom family home set over three floors, overlooking beautiful linear park with a double garage and numerous reception rooms. This homes boasts 2163 sqf..."
"A modern five bedroom detached house with three bath or shower rooms, a double garage and parking for four cars located in the Tattenhoe area of Milton Keynes. The property has accommodation in excess of 1,846 sq. ft. and includes, on the ground floor, a cloakroom, a sitting room with a feature f..."
FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME....DOUBLE GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY....CUL DE SAC LOCATION....SHENLEY BROOK END SCHOOL CATCHMENT....APPROX 10 MINUTES TO CMK MAINLINE TRAIN STATION....TWO ENSUITES....THREE RECEPTION ROOMS....DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM AND UTILITY ROOM....DUAL ASPECT LOUNGE (20`3 x 12`1 max)
"An extended five double bedroom detached family home situated in a small cul-de-sac location, a short walk from Caldecotte Lake. Approaching 1800 square feet of living space this property boasts three receptions rooms, a large kitchen/breakfast/playroom, en-suite's to the master bedroom and guest..."
A spacious three double bedroom detached property which has been extensively extended by the present vendor and benefits from off road parking for approx. six vehicles and good size enclosed rear gardens. 
"MUST BE SEEN! HUGE WRAP AROUND PLOT! TUCKED AWAY QUIET GREENERY OUTLOOK SETTING! SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION! POTENTIAL TO EXTEND SUBJECT TO RELEVANT PLANNING! NO UPPER CHAIN! Offered for sale is this well presented four bedroom, three reception detached family home situated in this much sought after..."
"A four bedroom detached property with a double garage and off street parking situated within a five minute walk of Caldecotte Lake Located close to the lake, the property has accommodation in excess of 1,700 sq. ft. and includes, on the ground floor; a cloakroom, a sitting room with a feature fir..."
"*** 360 DEGREE TOUR AVAILABLE *** CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this spacious detached home with open views to front, situated in the sought after location of Broughton Gate. This beautifully positioned family home briefly comprises; entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, living room, k..."
"This incredibly bright and spacious family home is only 18 months old and has attractive walk-in bay windows in three of the ground floor rooms, two ensuites and a detached double garage."
"*** 360 DEGREE TOUR AVAILABLE *** CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale an impressive and rarely available detached family home, with a BALCONY, situated within the popular Monkston area. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, cloakroom/wc, dining room with box bay window, kitchen/breakfast r..."
"* EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT OF SUPER ENERGY EFFICIENT HOMES * 5 High Specification, 3 and 4 Bedroom PropertiesPRICES FROM £515,000 TO £745,000The properties are due for completion circa June 2023"
"Mature DETACHED BUNGALOW with separate ANNEXE, substantial GARDEN and ample PARKING. Extended to the front with impressive vaulted ceiling reception room, the bungalow also offers TWO EN-SUITES and separate living room with OPEN FIRE place. Energy saving SOLAR PANELS"
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale an exceptional extended five bedroom detached family home, situated within the sought after location of Middleton. The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, a stylish refitted open plan kitchen/breakfast/dining room with a c..."
"A five bedroom detached three storey house with a refitted kitchen/breakfast room and a double garage located in the Middleton area of Milton Keynes. With accommodation in excess of 1,700 sq. ft. set over three floors, the property has, on the ground floor, an entrance hall with an understairs cu..."
Offering spacious accommodation over three floors this substantial six bedroom detached house offers flexible living space throughout. Located close to all local amenities including shops and schools the property also benefits from excellent links to CMK's main line train station to London Euston...
"**GREAT LOCATION, GREAT PRESENTATION, GREAT ACCOMMODATION** Superb family home set in a quiet lane, a 5 minute walk to the village. Double garage has been extended and 2 bedrooms added above. A further bedroom has been added by a loft conversion."
"A five bedroom detached three storey house with two reception rooms and a garage located in the Monkston Park area of Milton Keynes. With accommodation in excess of 2,000 sq. ft. set over three floors, the property has, on the ground floor, an entrance hall, a dining room which overlooks the fron..."
Recently reduced in price. Situated in a lovely quiet location within Great Linford this deceptively spacious six bedroom detached family home has been tastefully extended and offers wonderfully flexible accommodation over three floors which extends to approximately 1850 sq.ft. The property has b...
"A three bedroom end of terrace property situated on the Green Park estate in Newport Pagnell. This property is offered with no upper chain and in brief comprises: entrance hall, sitting room, dining room, kitchen, three bedrooms, family bathroom, enclosed rear garden and a single garage in a block."
"*** 360 DEGREE TOUR AVAILABLE *** Cauldwell are delighted to offer for sale imposing and well presented detached property, situated in the sought after location of Tattenhoe. The downstairs accommodation offers a refitted cloakroom, study, dual aspect lounge with patio door leading to the rear ..."
"THE WINSTONE - Explore an open-plan kitchen with breakfast/family area leading onto the garden through French doors. A spacious lounge with French doors is great space to relax. Work from home with a separate study room and entertain in the dining room.
Upstairs are four double bedrooms, the larg..."
"PERFECT FAMILY HOME | AMPLE LIGHT-FILLED SPACE
THE EMERSON, a five-bedroom detached home with space for the whole family. Downstairs you will find a LIGHT-FILLED OPEN-PLAN kitchen diner with French doors. Also, downstairs is a SPACIOUS lounge with FRENCH DOORS to the garden and a dedicated dining..."
"Located in the sought-after area of Kingsmead in west Milton Keynes, is this detached five-bedroom house. The ground floor accommodation comprises of three reception rooms, a kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, downstairs cloakroom and conservatory. Throughout the rest of the property you have ..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire this stunning three bedroom detached bungalow overlooking the horses paddocks in one of the most sought after locations in Milton Keynes, situated on Lucy Lane, Loughton. The bungalow has been tastefully renovated throughout whilst still maintaining the e..."
"Situated in OLD STRATFORD is this FOUR DOUBLE bedroom detached FAMILY HOUSE with THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, TWO EN-SUITES and bathroom. Outside are front and rear gardens, DOUBLE GARAGE and PARKING FOR FOUR CARS."
"This GEORGIAN PERIOD property was built in 1911, and boasts a WEALTH of ORIGINAL CHARACTER FEATURES including HIGH CEILINGS with ORNATE PLASTER WORK, a LARGE OPEN-HALF MARBLE FIREPLACE with CARVED WOODEN SURROUND, FRENCH DOORS leading out to a BEAUTIFUL PRIVATE REAR GARDEN, LOFT CONVERSION, a SIN..."
"With floor to ceiling windows, this Penthouse apartment is 1 of two on the top floor of this iconic Milton Keynes development, luxury living, lift access, secure undergrounds parking and concierge. You'll not find another apartment like this in Milton Keynes"
"Just a stone’s throw from the serene lake, the house on Wedgwood Avenue offers natural beauty, stillness and an abundance of space, as well as excellent convenience"
"This lovely, detached family home has 5 bedrooms, a converted garage and even a charging port for electric vehicles. Located in the heart of west Milton Keynes this house is on for a GUIDE PRICE OF £725,000-£750,000"
"***DETACHED ANNEXE*** A four bedroom detached house with a separate one bedroom detached annexe located in the Woolstone area of Milton Keynes. The property has accommodation set over two floors and includes; a cloakroom, an entrance hall with built-in cloaks cupboard and a sitting room, both wit..."
MUST BE SEEN! - NO UPPER CHAIN! - TRULY ONE OFF HOME! STUNNING THROUGHOUT! - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION AND SCHOOL CATCHMENT AREA! An individually designed four bedroom detached property with a gated driveway in Old Farm Park. The property is one of only four built in this style with a natural lig...
"King Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this detached family home, set on a generous sized plot in one of Bletchley's most sought after locations. The property has approximately 21..."
"King Estate Agents are proud to market, this immaculate five bedroom detached home boasting high specification finishes throughout, situated in the sought after location of Emerson Valley. This proper..."
"*DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME* This property is set over two floors. The property offers Kitchen, UTILITY ROOM, FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS, four bedrooms, EN SUITE, family bathroom, DOUBLE GARAGE and PARKING. FRONT and REAR gardens."
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this stunning five bedroom detached with a double garage, located in a cul-de-sac within the sought after area of Shenley Brook End. The area boasts a local shopping parade and Pub/Restaurant within a short walk and is in catchment for Long Meadow Primary..."
"*** 360 DEGREE TOUR AVAILABLE *** CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a well presented five bedroom detached family home with a double garage, situated within the sought after Grange Farm area. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, dining room, study, quality fitted kitchen/breakfast room ..."
NO UPPER CHAIN! MUST BE SEEN TO APPRECIATE THE SHEER SIZE OF THIS HOME! SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION & SCHOOL CATCHMENT AREA! FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS! THREE EN-SUITES! DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE! AMPLE PARKING! Offered for sale is this five bedroom detached family home situated in this much sought after locat...
"A well presented five bedroom detached, double fronted, three storey property with a garage and off street parking located in the Shenley Brook End area of Milton Keynes. Situated at the end of a no through road of three properties and adjacent to parkland. The accommodation of approximately 1,9..."
"*** FINISHED TO THE HIGHEST OF STANDARDS WITH NO EXPENSE SPARED *** Situated behind SECURE ELECTRIC GATES, this VASTLY IMPROVED and METICULOUSLY DESIGNED FAMILY HOME boasts LUXURY that is only ever found in properties FAR BEYOND this PRICE RANGE. Boasting FLEXIBLE LIVING ACCOMODATION and a WEALTH..."
"Positioned on a corner plot in a quiet, tucked away close is this substantial detached residence, updated and improved to provide exceptional family living, combined with a good-sized garden, double garage and plenty of private parking. Mrs tells us they were attracted to the house due to its ..."
"Please quote KM0096 -  A stunning executive four bedroom modern style detached family home with double garage, off street parking and front and rear gardens, enviably located on the desirable Walnut Tree development to the east of Milton Keynes.  Offering superbly ap..."
"Situated on one of Newport Pagnell's most prestigious streets, this sensitively extended, five-bedroom 1930's property has been adapted to suit a variety of living needs. With an extensive mature garden, annexe, and flexible accommodation throughout, this property is an absolute must-view..."
"Situated in arguably Newport Pagnells most desirable location, this family home is a must view. The property offers flexible accomodation with 4 bedrooms plus an Annex area, several bathroom/shower rooms, a garden in excess of 100 foot (approx) and is offered in exceptional condition."
"Thomas Connolly Estate Agents are delighted to present this two bedroom semi-detached property situated in the sought after location of Oakgrove, within popular school catchment and local amenities including Waitrose & Costa Coffee.The accommodation in brief comprises; ground floor ..."
**NOT TO BE MISSED** An exceptional family home with double garage offering an abundance of space throughout. Spread over three floors the home is well proportioned to suit family living.
"OFFERED WITH NO UPPER CHAIN! *WELL PRESENTED FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME* Set over two floors this detached property offers kitchen/diner, THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, FOUR bedrooms, family bathroom, TWO EN SUITES, front and rear garden, DOUBLE GARAGE and DRIVEWAY."
"Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to be marketing this stunning five bedroom detached family home in the highly desirable location of Medbourne, Milton Keynes. Ideally located on the West side of Milton Keynes, considered to be one of the more sought after areas and falling within t..."
Gorgeous four bedroom detached home with a detached double garage and driveway for two cars.To the left of the entrance hall there is the spacious study with a bay window looking out to the quiet street. Through to the family living room there is a feature fireplace and French do...
"A rarely available Edwardian character property, lovingly renovated by the current owners. The property is a balanced mix of character features and modern living. Throughout the years, this home has been extended to provide three reception rooms and four bedrooms."
"*** 360 DEGREE TOUR AVAILABLE *** CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale an extended detached family home, BACKING ONTO WINDMILL HILL GOLF COURSE. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, study, extended family room with French doors leading to the garden, dining room, living room, kitchen/breakf..."
"This well presented, four bedroom detached property is situated in the popular area of Medbourne. Comprising DINING ROOM, living room, STUDY, kitchen, UTILITY ROOM and cloakroom. FOUR bedrooms with EN SUITE and DRESSING ROOM to master. DOUBLE GARAGE and DRIVEWAY for MULTIPLE VEHICLES."
"Situated in a cul de sac location, this spacious ""Self Build"" property has been designed to maximize the living accommodation throughout and still offers further potential for more rooms to be added through the loft space on the first floor. Offered for sale with no upper chain the acco..."
A detached three double bedroom bungalow situated on a large mature plot of approaching .2 acre. The property benefits from off road parking and large detached brick workshop/office of 29' x 12' approx. 
FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME..DOUBLE GARAGE & DRIVEWAY..STUDY (9`2 x 8 max)...WALKING DISTANCE TO CALDECOTTE LAKE...RECENTLY REFURBISHED THROUGHOUT...MASTER BEDROOM WITH ENSUITE...CLOAKROOM...UTILITY...KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM (14`1 x 10`8)...SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN..WALTON HIGH SCHOOL CATCHMENT
- 4 bedroom DETACHED home - Superb position OVERLOOKING BROOK - IMPRESSIVE kitchen / dining / family room - Additional UTILITY ROOM & STUDY - NEWLY LANDSCAPED rear garden - Generous PRIVATE DRIVEWAY & double garage : Alexander Lawrence Estate Agents have the real (cont.)
"Mason Kelly Property Consultants are please to offer FOR SALE this well presented and imposing five double bedroom detached town-house located in the popular and sought after residential area of Grange Farm. The area benefits from local parks, shops & schooling with easy access to Shenley Wood, Haze"
"THE HOLDEN – Step inside and you will discover a bright and airy open-plan kitchen with dining and family areas, ideal for entertaining. There is also a separate BAY-FRONTED LOUNGE, great for those cosy nights in. You’ll also find a separate utility room and a HOME STUDY, perfect for working from..."
"*4 BEDROOM HOME* *EN SUITE* *STUDY*
THE AVONDALE - a four bedroom detached home, perfect for growing families. The bright and airy lounge has TRIPLE ASPECT VIEWS and French doors to the garden. The OPEN PLAN kitchen-diner is a great space for entertaining, also with FRENCH DOORS. A handy utility ..."
"The Windsor is sizeable family home with five double bedrooms, three bathrooms, a study, a utility room and substantial living spaces. Bay windows provide elegance, interest and light. But perhaps the greatest attraction is the main bedroom which, featuring an en suite bathroom and dre..."
"The Windsor is a sizeable family home with five double bedrooms, two bathrooms, study, separate utility room and substantial living spaces. The open plan kitchen, dining and family room features French doors which open out into the rear garden. Bay windows provide elegance, interest an..."
"FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE! Accommodation briefly consists of open plan large kitchen/ breakfast room with range of wall and base units, lounge, study, master bedroom and second bedroom both with an en-suite, two further bedrooms and family bathroom!"
"Carters are delighted to bring to the market this individually built, four bedroom detached, split level home. Situated on a generous plot on in one of Downhead Park's premium locations, this property offers four double bedrooms with a master bedroom measuring 30 feet with both an en-suite & balc..."
"608 The Violet, with 1,556sqft of living space, is a modern take on a traditional design with a practical layout and large windows. The front-facing living room is light but cosy. The ground floor study means there's plenty of space to enjoy some peace and quiet. The contemporary, op..."
"609 The Violet, with 1,556sqft of living space, is a modern take on a traditional design with a practical layout and large windows. The front-facing living room is light but cosy. The ground floor study means there's plenty of space to enjoy some peace and quiet. The contemporary, op..."
"599 The Violet is a modern take on a traditional design with a practical layout and large windows. The front-facing living room is light but cosy. The ground floor study means there's plenty of space to enjoy some peace and quiet. The contemporary, open-plan kitchen/dining area is id..."
"597 The Violet is a modern take on a traditional design with a practical layout and large windows. The front-facing living room is light but cosy. The ground floor study means there's plenty of space to enjoy some peace and quiet. The contemporary, open-plan kitchen/dining area is id..."
"***£1,000 PER MONTH MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION FOR UP TO 6 MONTHS^*** This brand new home, suited to all types of buyers, with a WEST-FACING GARDEN, a chain free move plus a modern interior including an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN AND DINING ROOM with integrated kitchen appliances plus FLOORING THROUGHOUT."
* RARELY AVAILABLE FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW - QUIET CUL DE SAC LOCATION - 1400+ SQ. FT * Urban & Rural MK are delighted to be the favoured agent in marketing this truly unique and imposing detached four bedroom bungalow set over 1400sq.ft. The property is positioned down a qu...
"A five bedroom detached house with a master suite on the second floor located in the Shenley Brook End area of Milton Keynes. The property has approximately 1,491 sq. ft. of accommodation set over three floors. On the ground floor there is a kitchen/breakfast room leading to a conservatory, a si..."
* FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED - DRIVEWAY FOR 8 VEHICLES - PRIVATE ROAD OF ONLY TWO HOUSES - DOUBLE GARAGE * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are proud to be the favoured agent in marketing this highly desirable and deceptively spacious four bedroom detached family home located within down a p...
FOUR BEDROOM EXTENDED DETACHED...DOUBLE GARAGE (16`11 x 16`0 max)...DRIVEWAY FOR MULTIPLE CARS....BEAUTIFULLY SITUATED....WALKING DISTANCE TO GREAT LINFORD MANOR PARK...OUTBUILDING/STUDY/GYM (13`10 x 10`8 max)..PRIVATE WRAP AROUND REAR GARDEN....LOUNGE (22`10 x 14`2 max)
"A five bedroom detached property situated in the sought after location of Loughton. This property is offered with no upper chain and in brief comprises; entrance hall, dining room/study, sitting room, kitchen, cloakroom, five bedrooms, family bathroom, two en-suites, a single garage and a drivewa..."
* RARELY AVAILABLE - OFFERED WITH NO UPPER CHAIN - OPPOSITE OUZEL VALLEY PARK * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are excited to be the favoured agent in marketing this rarely available and imposing four double bedroom detached forever family home tucked down a quiet cul-de-sac within Mi...
"FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME on a CORNER PLOT with FIVE BEDROOMS & THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, kitchen/breakfast room, cloakroom, EN-SUITE, off road parking for several cars and DOUBLE GARAGE on a quiet CUL-DE-SAC over looking fields close to GREEN PARK LOWER SCHOOL and OUSEDALE SECONDARY. "
"A modern four bedroom detached house with dual aspect sitting room and double garage located in the Wavendon Gate area of Milton Keynes. Located at the end of a cul de sac and with accommodation of approximately 1,350 sq. ft. set over two floors, the property has, on the ground floor, an entrance..."
"A four bedroom detached property with an open plan kitchen/breakfast room and a double garage situated in the Tattenhoe area of Milton Keynes. The modern detached property was originally built by Messrs Bryant Homes and has accommodation of approximately 1,400 sq. ft. over two floors. ..."
"Situated in a quiet cul de sac, over looking the Grand Union Canal is this spacious four double bedroom, three reception detached family home. This superb home and has approaching 2000 sq. ft. of living space comprising entrance hall, cloak room, large sitting room, dining room,..."
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale this exceptional extended detached bungalow, situated in the popular Two Mile Ash area. The property boasts a stylish open plan kitchen/dining/family room with Bi-fold doors leading to the rear garden, Central island and integrated appliances, double garage..."
"We are proud to present this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £650,000 - £670,000*"
"King Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this immaculate five bedroom detached home, situated in the sought after location of Kingsmead. This home benefits from two extensio..."
"This is a rare opportunity to acquire an individually-built family home with a modern layout, superb bedroom sizes and gated off-road parking with a detached double garage, within walking distance to Newport Pagnell High Street."
"An extended executive residence, tucked away in one of Milton Keynes' most desirable locations. This property is offered in immaculate condition, and provides flexible accommodation with 3-4 reception rooms."
"SHOW HOME CONDITION sold with NO UPPER CHAIN in the sought after area of Whitehouse. The home benefits from kitchen/diner, DINING ROOM, TWO EN SUITES, STUDY and driveway parking with GARAGE. This really is a property not to be missed!"
"A DETACHED, BARN CONVERSION situated close to the town centre, local school and riverside walks. This individual property offers well presented accommodation to include a SITTING ROOM with FEATURE FIREPLACE, CLOAKROOM & UTILITY, MAIN BEDROOM with EN-SUITE, ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN and GARAGE."
"Knights Mk are delighted to offer this double fronted five bedroom executive detached house, with three large reception rooms located in the Walnut Tree area of Milton Keynes. The property has accommodation of approximately 1,935 sq. ft. set over two floors."
"Situated in a cul de sac location just a short distance from the picturesque surroundings of the Grand Union Canal and the Ouzel Valley park, this extended detached house offers spacious and flexible accommodation throughout. The property in brief comprises; entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, dini..."
"*** 360 DEGREE TOUR AVAILABLE *** CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale an extremely well presented extended detached home. Situated within the popular Brooklands area of Milton Keynes, The property boasts a generous size extended family room with two sets of French doors leading to the rear..."
"This amazing family home in Two Mile Ash is not one to miss out on. It benefits from a large double garage, Office, two ensuites and four reception rooms. Outside boasts a large private rear garden and huge driveway for up to three cars."
*** 3 BED END TERRACE IN NEED OF REFURBISHMENT *** Urban & Rural Newport Pagnell are pleased to 'Offer For Sale' this superb double fronted period property which is tucked away in one of Newport Pagnell’s back waters Although in need of complete refurbishment the ...
"This beautiful family home is located in one of the most sought after areas of Milton Keynes. The FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM detached house with TWO RECEPTION ROOMS plus UTILITY ROOM and double doors opening out from the living area into the garden, perfect for entertaining. OFF ROAD PARKING with GARAGE."
"This FAMILY HOME is set within a CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION and is in WALKING DISTANCE to STONY STRATFORD HIGH STREET and PARKLANDS. Benefiting from THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, fitted kitchen/breakfast room with built in appliances, UTILITY, master bedroom with EN-SUITE and a DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE & parking."
"Looking for your new family home? The Darlton not only offers plentiful space, but also a sense of inviting warmth that you would expect from a perfect family home. Handy home office to the ground floor & two sets of French doors to the kitchen/dining/family room. Dressing area a..."
"*** 360 DEGREE TOUR AVAILABLE *** CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a spacious extended detached family home, situated within a short walk to The Grand Union Canal and Central Milton Keynes. . Accommodation in brief comprises of entrance hall, cloakroom, family room, study/bedroom five, lou..."
Fine Homes Property are proud to present 'The Holden' which is an impressive brand new detached four bedroom family home in a popular location. The property features a beautiful open plan kitchen/dining/family room with utility room. There is lots of living accommodation on offer including the la...
"612 The Violet, with 1,556sqft of living space, is a modern take on a traditional design with a practical layout and large windows. The front-facing living room is light but cosy. The ground floor study means there's plenty of space to enjoy some peace and quiet. The contemporary, op..."
"Goodacres are delighted to offer for sale this brand new four bedroom detached family home situated in the ancient village of Wavendon. The property benefits from having a beautiful open plan kitchen/diner at the rear, utility room, study, ensuite to master and a single garage and driveway"
"NEW PRICE |SAVE £31,549| PLUS UPGRADES
 
THE HOLDEN - An impressive four bedroom detached home offering plenty of storage. An open-plan kitchen/family and dining area feature French doors which open out onto the South east facing garden. You'll also find an adjoining utility, bay-fronted lounge a..."
"Beautifully presented FOUR/FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM family home. Comprising CONVERTED GARAGE, TWO living rooms, kitchen, UTILITY ROOM and cloakroom. FOUR bedrooms with EN SUITE to master and WALK IN WARDROBE, BALCONY and DRIVEWAY for TWO VEHICLES."
"LUXURIOUS, SPACIOUS, BRAND NEW, 4 BEDROOM FAMILY HOME - The Weaver is a 4-bedroom home that features an open-plan kitchen, dining and family area, a separate living room and en-suites to two bedrooms. The overall layout is free-flowing with plenty of open planned spaces. This property is desig..."
"King Estate Agents are delighted to bring to market this immaculate four bedroom detached home situated down a quiet road of similar houses, adjacent to a brook and greenery in Brooklands. ..."
"105% PART EXCHANGE | UPGRADES INCLUDED
 
THE HOLDEN is an impressive 4 bedroom detached home offering plenty of space for the family. On the ground floor you’ll find a modern open-plan kitchen/dining and lounge areas and French doors leading out onto the garden. Benefit from an adjoining utility ..."
*4 BEDROOM HOME* *EN SUITE* *STUDY* The Bradgate - a spacious four bedroom home. You’ll benefit from a dedicated study and spacious bay-fronted lounge. An impressive open-plan kitchen with family & dining areas is the hub of the home; with a walk in glazed-bay with French doors leads to the rear...
"OFFERED CHAIN FREE this IMMACULATELY PRESENTED DETACHED BUNGALOW offers THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, offers over 1600SQFT of LIVING ACCOMODATION, has a fully WRAP-AROUND GARDEN PLOT and is WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE to CENTRAL MILTON KEYNES."
"Carters are delighted to bring to market this rarely available FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED family home, located on one of the most HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER ROADS of the Furzton area. OVERLOOKING PARKLAND, this wonderful home is ideally situated to make the most of all that the area has to offer including st..."
FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME.....GARAGE/STORAGE AREA & DRIVEWAY.....CONSERVATORY.....WALKING DISTANCE TO FURZTON LAKE.....SHENLEY BROOK END SCHOOL CATCHMENT.....BEDROOM FIVE/CONVERTED GARAGE WITH ENSUITE.....SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN.....VIEWS OVER GREEN AREAS AND PLAYPARK
* IMPOSING FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED IN WILLEN PARK - DOUBLE GARAGE - THREE RECEPTION ROOMS * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are proud to be the favoured agent in marketing this fantastic four double bedroom family home in the heart of Willen Park. Willen is in the Northern region...
"* Plot 463 - The Weaver * brand new & ENERGY EFFICIENT home with a corner plot position & OVERLOOKING OPEN SPACE * OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining & family room * utility room * TWO SETS OF DOORS to garden * DUAL-ASPECT living room * EN-SUITE to bedrooms 1 & 2 * dressing area to bedroom 1 * contact us!"
"**QUALITY FAMILY HOME** 20' Kitchen/Dining Room with large glazed bay leading to the garden. Study/Playroom, En-Suite Shower Room, Utility Room and downstairs Cloakroom. Driveway to side provides parking and leads to the garage."
* Four Bedroom Detached Family Home * Corner Plot * Sought After Location * Detached Double Garage * Excellent School Catchment * Ensuite To Master * Two Reception Rooms * Scop for Extension (STPP) * Easy Access to Mainline Train Services * 
"Your piece of luxury? A stunning detached family home with five double bedrooms and two ensuites in the ever popular Ashland development, close to MK1 and local restaurants, in immaculate condition throughout. Call Chewton Rose to book your viewing appointment"
Situated in the popular GREAT LINFORD area of Milton Keynes stands this EXTENDED DETACHED BUNGALOW. The property offers spacious and versatile living accommodation and includes a recently built SELF-CONTAINED ANNEX. Great opportunity to update remainder of property to your own style and budget.
"Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to be marketing this stunning detached family home; still in next to new condition in the sought after location of Broughton, Milton Keynes. With 6 years still remaining on the NHBC warranty and the house itself still providing you that new build fe..."
"Located in Broughton in east Milton Keynes is this sizeable six-bedroom home, which is in good decorative order throughout. On entry you are greeted by an entrance hall, sitting room, kitchen/diner downstairs cloakroom. The first floor accommodation comprises five bedrooms with an en-suite to mai..."
"Situated within a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought after road of ""Upper Stone Hayes"" In Great Linford this heavily extended four bedroom detached house offers modern open plan living, great space outside, and room still to grow. The property is a must see internally to realise its full potential."
Simply stunning detached family home with five double bedrooms and two ensuites in the ever popular Ashland development
Beautiful four bedroom detached town house with a double garage and parking for three cars.On the ground floor of this home are the two reception rooms ideal as a study and a dining room both have fibre wiring which Is ready to set up at any time. The open kitchen is bright and a...
"*** 360 DEGREE TOUR AVAILABLE *** CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale an exceptional EXTENDED detached family home, situated within the popular Brooklands area of Milton Keynes, This impressive property boasts solar panels, charging port and a generous extended family room area. Accommodat..."
"With French doors out from both the living room and kitchen, The Waysdale is a perfect home for entertaining and enjoying indoor outdoor living."
"SAVE £10,000 | EN SUITE  
THE BRADGATE - a spacious four bedroom home. You’ll benefit from a DEDICATED STUDY and spacious bay-fronted lounge. An impressive OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with family & dining areas is the hub of the home; with a WALK IN GLAZED-BAY with French doors leads to the rear garden and..."
"*£20,000 Tailor-Made Package* Contemporary four-bedroom detached home with a garage and parking. The Chartwell is a spacious four-bedroom detached home featuring a generous living area and study at the front of the property and a superb open-plan kitchen, dining, family room at the rear..."
"***SAVE UP TO £24,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 474 * new & chain free home with a 10 year NHBC warranty * OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining & family room * utility room * elegant doors to garden * DUAL-ASPECT living room * EN-SUITE to bedrooms 1 & 2 * dressing area to bedroom 1 * call us"
"Situated within a cul-de-sac on the popular GREEN PARK development is this WELL PRESENTED DETACHED family home. Offering THREE RECEPTION rooms, DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM, upstairs BEDROOMS, EN-SUITE & BATHROOM, GARDENS & DRIVEWAY PARKING plus DOUBLE GARAGE."
"There's so much space in the five bedroom Garrton, you'll be able to configure your home to perfectly suit your needs."
"The Dorking is a spacious and flexible four-bedroom family home of high quality throughout. Spread over two-storeys, it offers ample living and entertaining spaces including a generous kitchen-dining area and a separate living room, both of which benefit from an abundance of natural li..."
"Offered to the market with no upper chain, is this four bedroom detached property located in the popular area of Broughton. Providing a dual aspect sitting room, four double bedrooms, a four-piece family bathroom and an en-suite the main bedroom, the property also boasts a large south-facing rear..."
"A beautiful five bedroom detached family home on the popular 'Racecourses' development in Bletchley. This well presented property benefits from double garage with off road parking, double glazing, gas to radiator central heating with recently replaced boiler and tank, garden to front and rear gar..."
"Spacious, light and offering ease of day-to-day living, the four-bedroom house at Ayrton Close is an excellent family home in a superb location within Grange Farm"
"INCENTIVE WORTH £24K + FLOORING AND KITCHEN UPGRADE WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES*.
The Holden - Enter this four double bedroom home and find a spacious bay-fronted lounge, an ideal place to relax. Also at the front is a study room, the ideal home office. At the rear of the home is an open-plan kitc..."
"Stratfords Residential Sales & Lettings are proud to present this individually built 4 bedroom, detached house situated on 0.15 acre plot in the non-estate location of Whalley Drive. The property was designed by the owner back in the 1960's and is within walking distance of Bletchley train statio..."
A spacious Four bedroom home with great living space and a generous garden. Local school catchment is great and easy access to The Centre :MK and the A5. Interested? Call us on 
"We are delighted to bring to the market this SPACIOUS property offering 3 RECEPTION ROOMS, 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS and a SOUTH FACING GARDEN in a GOOD SCHOOL CATCHMENT AREA. Viewing this property is highly advised to truly appreciate what it has to offer! "
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this stunning five bedroom family home, overlooking open green, situated in the sought after location of Broughton Gate. This beautiful home briefly comprises; entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, dual aspect living room, stylish modern dual aspect kitche..."
"Situated in a cul de sac location within close proximity of all local amenities including shops and schools is this extremely well presented detached residence. Offering flexible and spacious accommodation throughout, this property benefits from; entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, study, kitchen/d..."
"A contemporary four bedroom detached house with an en suite shower room, an integral garage and off street parking, situated in the Woolstone area of Milton Keynes. The accommodation is set over two floors with Norwegian pine flooring throughout and includes a dual aspect sitting/dining room with..."
"A very well presented 5 bedroom detached house that overlooks private allotments and a circular linear park to the front in the popular area of Cranmore Circle, Broughton. The accommodation comprises, entrance hall, a study/bedroom, a further bedroom, a cloakroom WC and a utility room..."
"*Save over £20,000 with our Home of the Month offer* Charming four-bedroom detached home with a garage and parking. WAS £590,000 NOW £565,000 The Windsor is an attractive four-bedroom detached home that features a generous living area to the front of th..."
"***SAVE UP TO £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 135 - The Philosopher * open plan kitchen, dining & family room with elegant doors to garden * utility room * home office * en suite to bedroom 1 * new & chain free * single garage * energy efficient * 10 year NHBC warranty * call us!"
"A brick built five bedroom detached property with an en suite shower room, a double garage and off street parking, situated in the Neath Hill area of Milton Keynes. The versatile accommodation includes a sitting room which has a feature fireplace, wood style flooring, and double doors to the rear..."
"A modern brick under tile five bedroom three storey detached house with a garage and driveway parking located in a cul-de-sac. The property was built in December 2016 and has 1,593 sq. ft. of accommodation which includes an entrance hall, a cloakroom and a sitting room with dual aspect windows an..."
"*****GUIDE PRICE £600,000-£615,000*****Beautiful four-bedroom detached home with a double garage and driveway.On the ground floor of this home is the kitchen dining room which includes an integrated double oven and gas hob. There is also space for freestanding applian..."
"A DETACHED family home situated in this very popular CUL-DE-SAC. The property offers scope to EXTEND and MODERNISE (STP) and offers SEPARATE RECEPTION ROOMS, CLOAKROOM, UTILITY ROOM, EN-SUITE to MASTER BEDROOM, GARDENS and PARKING leading to DOUBLE GARAGE."
"Situated in a highly regarded area of Milton Keynes is this detached family home that has been improved and extended buy the current owners. This well presented property has five/six good size bedrooms, two of them being en suite bedrooms and the majority having fitted bedroom f..."
"An ATTRACTIVE, SPACIOUS AND WELL MAINTAINED FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED EXECUTIVE family home, situated in the highly sought after area of Caldecotte. The property is a very SHORT WALK TO CALDECOTTE LAKE and a very desirable location, as it is ideal for commuters with road links to J13 & J14 of the M1 ..."
"NO UPPER CHAIN! WALKING DISTANCE TO THE TRAIN STATION! HUGE POTENTIAL! HUGE PRIVATE REAR GARDEN! SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION & SCHOOLING! Offered for sale is this truly one off four bedroom detached family home situated in the ever so popular location and walking distance to the train station, Loughto..."
"Cauldwell are pleased to offer for sale this well-presented an extended 4 bedroom Detached home with SELF-CONTAINED one bedroom ANNEXE, Set in a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought after location of Grange Farm and in catchment for Hazeley Secondary School. The main accommodation briefly in..."
"*** 360 DEGREE TOUR AVAILABLE *** CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale an impressive executive detached bungalow, situated on a generous size plot with a substantial driveway. This well presented home is situated within the sought after area of Furzton, within close proximity of Furzton Lake. ..."
"Taylor & Co are delighted to be instructed in the Sale of this 4-Year-old Barrett Homes Town house in the ever-popular area of Broughton. Overlooking parkland at the front and allotments to the rear. This property includes a Cinema Room, 5 Bedrooms with Ensuite to Bedroom one. No Chain."
"A modern four bedroom detached house with an en suite shower room and a family bathroom, a double garage and parking located in the Westcroft area of Milton Keynes. Located towards the local centre, and with accommodation of approximately 1,328 sq. ft. set over two floors, the property has, on th..."
 *4 double bedrooms* *en suite* *open plan living* The Drummond is a spacious detached home offering a fantastic living space for your family. Downstairs you will find a bright and airy lounge. An open-plan fitted kitchen-dining room with French doors leading to the garden. and spacious utility ...
"1057 The Aspen is a home you'll love coming home to. The Aspen's unique design features, teamed with a number of traditional touches, give this home its unique and instant appeal. The property has a stunning open plan kitchen with dining room where guests will enjoy taking drinks ..."
"1055 The Aspen is a home you'll love coming home to. The Aspen's unique design features, teamed with a number of traditional touches, give this home its unique and instant appeal. The property has a stunning open plan kitchen with dining room where guests will enjoy taking drinks ..."
"1059 The Aspen is a home you'll love coming home to. The Aspen's unique design features, teamed with a number of traditional touches, give this home its unique and instant appeal. The property has a stunning open plan kitchen with dining room where guests will enjoy taking drinks ..."
"This SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME located in the HIGHLY SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION of BROOKLANDS BOASTS a LARGE KITCHEN/DINER with FULLY INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, SEPARATE DINING ROOM, DOWNSTAIRS STUDY, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS & EN-SUITE to the master. This BEAUTIFUL HOME also features a DOUBLE LENGT..."
"EN SUITE | 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS
THE DRUMMOND is a spacious detached home offering a fantastic living space for your family. Downstairs you will find a BRIGHT AND AIRY lounge. An OPEN-PLAN fitted kitchen-dining room with FRENCH DOORS leading to the garden. and spacious utility room.  
Upstairs there..."
"A modern four bedroom detached house with a detached games room/office, an enclosed rear garden and parking in a cul de sac location. The property was built in 2020 and has 1,505 sq. ft of accommodation including an entrance hall, a sitting room with a range of built-in furniture with an inset el..."
"Make the Harwood your very own by personalising your fixtures & fittings, choosing your new Symphony kitchen, stylish bathroom tiles for the en suite & more but you must act quickly!"
"Built in 2020 is ""The Holden"". Positioned in a cul-de-sac location on the sought after modern development of Eagles Rest is this four-bedroom detached family home. The property is in our opinion immaculate throughout and boasts a bay fronted lounge with a built-in media unit and an Evon..."
"**FIRST RELEASE** Carters are delighted to be instructed to offer for sale this spacious, BRAND NEW four bedroom detached family home located in the popular area of Wolverton. Situated on a small select Development of just four contemporary designed detached properties. Located close to Wolve..."
"There's so much space in the five bedroom Rushton, you'll be able to configure your home to perfectly suit your needs."
The Bradgate - Featuring a spacious lounge enhanced by a feature bay window. The impressive kitchen/dining/ family area with French doors lead onto the rear garden. You also benefit from an adjoining utility room. The ground floor also has a separate study. Upstairs has four double bedrooms. The ...
"STUNNING one bedroom first floor apartment in the sought of area of WHITEHOUSE. Offering open PLAN LIVING, ONE bedroom. BATHROOM and ALLOCATED PARKING."
"INCENTIVES WORTH £22,300 + UPGRADED KITCHEN WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES AND FLOORING*
THE BRADGATE - Featuring an open-plan kitchen with dining and family areas opening onto the garden through French doors. The bay-fronted lounge offers a place to relax, while a separate study is an ideal place to..."
"*** 360 DEGREE TOUR AVAILABLE *** CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale an extended four bedroom detached family home close to Furzton lake. The property boasts a partial loft conversion, substantial driveway with parking for several vehicles, situated on a generous size plot with an attra..."
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale an extremely well presented four bedroom detached home. Situated within the popular Brooklands area of Milton Keynes, Accommodation comprises entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, lounge with a box bay window, stylish modern kitchen/dining/family room with..."
"Ideally suited to modern living, The Dartford provides both extensive family space and the benefit of a home office. With a large, open-plan kitchen, dining and family area in addition to a separate living room, this home offers considerable flexibility. Each of the four bedrooms is we..."
A rarely available family home on the sought after Brooklands development overlooking green space! The accommodation is flexible to suit your lifestyle with up to five double bedrooms and so much living space! An internal viewing is essential to appreciate the quality and space on offer inside an...
FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE! Be quick to call Connells and register interest. This impressive detached house offers spacious accommodation both inside and out and is priced to sell! BE QUICK TO BOOK A VIEWING!
"598 The Chestnut II: Everyone needs their own space, and that's exactly what you get with this home. There's room for the whole family to relax in the sitting room, and plenty of space to work in the study. The open-plan kitchen/dining area is made for entertaining. Four well-proportio..."
"GREAT FAMILY HOME with LOUNGE/DINING opening to CONSERVATORY over looking landscaped GARDEN. MODERN kitchen with APPLIANCES, downstairs CLOAKROOM, front garden with OFF ROAD PARKING for 2/3 vehicles leading to GARAGE set on a quiet CUL-DE-SAC with COMMUNAL PADDOCK and bordering Great Linford."
"This well presented, four bedroom detached property is situated in the popular area of Grange Farm. Comprising DINING ROOM, living room, kitchen/diner, UTILITY ROOM and cloakroom. FOUR bedrooms with EN SUITE to master. GARAGE and DRIVEWAY for THREE VEHICLES."
"MUST BE SEEN! GREENERY OUTLOOK! RARELY AVAILABLE! SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION, SCHOOLING & COMMUTER AREA! Offered for sale is this immaculately presented four bedroom detached family home situated in the much sought after location of Brooklands, Milton Keynes. The accommodation comprises of; entrance..."
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer to offer for sale this stunning, refurbished, detached family home, situated within close proximity to the Grand Union Canal and Great Linford village. The property boasts a garage with an electric door, replacement double glazed windows, gutters, flooring, inter..."
"PART EXCHANGE GUARANTEE | SHOW HOME ON SITE
THE DRUMMOND is a spacious detached home offering a fantastic living space for your family. Downstairs you will find a bright and airy lounge. An open-plan fitted kitchen/dining room with French doors leading to the garden. and spacious utility room.  U..."
Fine Homes Property are proud to present this four bedroom detached brand new family home in a modern development close to local amenities and offering excellent transport links. The Drummond is spacious home which features a stunning kitchen dining family room with a large utility room. There is...
"Arranged over two-storeys, the Winkfield is an enviable family home. Its ample space perfectly accommodates entertaining, family life and homeworking. The downstairs features a flexible open-plan kitchen-dining area, in addition to a generously-sized living room and a separate home off..."
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a spacious detached family home, situated on a generous size plot within the popular Racecourses area and Chepstow Park in close proximity. The property boasts a conservatory, separate sitting room., enclosed wrap around rear garden and a garage. Accommodat..."
"* Plot 481 - The Goldsmith * visit our showhome * new, chain free & energy efficient home * OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining & family area with doors to garden * utility room * 4 double bedrooms with 2 EN-SUITES * garage & 2 parking spaces * 10 year NHBC warranty * no DIY required * contact us today!"
"***SAVE UP TO £24,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^***Plot 475 - The Philosopher * OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining & family room * STUDY * utility room * FRENCH DOORS to garden * EN-SUITE to bedroom 1 * new & chain free * 10 year NHBC warranty * garage & 2 parking spaces * energy efficient * call us"
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a well presented detached family home, situated within the popular Emerson Valley area. The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, refitted kitchen/breakfast room with integrated appliances, utility room, study, dining room wi..."
There's plenty of space in the Manford for that all-important flexible living many families need nowadays.
"* Plot 593 * The Goldsmith * PAY NO AGENT FEES if you have a home to sell^ * OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining & family area with doors to garden * utility room * 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS with 2 EN-SUITES * garage & 2 parking spaces * showhome viewable * 10 year NHBC warranty * new & energy efficient * call us now"
"***SAVE UP TO £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^**** Plot 117 - The Bowyer * new, chain free & energy efficient home * OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining & family room * utility room * dual aspect living room * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * single garage * onsite schools & supermarket * call us today!"
"***SAVE UP TO £6,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 67 - The Luthier * brand new & chain free home with a 10 year NHBC warranty * OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining & family room with doors to garden * utility room * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * home office * single garage * call us today!"
Inspired Sales & Lettings are delighted to bring to the market this well presented EXECUTIVE FOUR bedroom DETACHED FAMILY HOME on the HIGHLY REGARDED BROOKLANDS DEVELOPMENT! Offered for sale with no above chain. 
A Dutch barn style four bedroom detached property with a refitted kitchen/breakfast room situated in the Woolstone area of Milton Keynes. The property is within a cul-de-sac location with a South facing rear garden. It is set over two floors and there is also a concrete floor on the first floor. ...
"***STUNNING SHARED OWNERSHIP APARTMENT*** Connells are proud to offer to market this rarely available three bedroom apartment in the popular Wolverton Park development. With views overlooking the canal from the 38ft balcony, ensuite to master and secure gated parking, this home is not one to miss!"
"This stunning FOUR bedroom BRAND NEW detached home is located on PRIVATE road in a highly desirable Buckinghamshire village. Benefits include OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining room with BI-FOLD doors, TWO reception rooms, THREE bathrooms & UNDER FLOOR HEATING. LONG blocked paved driveway. NO CHAIN. "
"A contemporary four bedroom detached house with an en suite shower room, a double garage and parking, situated in a cul-de-sac in the market town of Newport Pagnell. The accommodation includes a dual aspect sitting room measuring just under 20 ft. with a feature fireplace, and sliding patio doors..."
"**FIVE BEDROOMS** Three storey DETACHED family home in Whitehouse. Well presented property with many benefits including DOUBLE CARPORT, Kitchen/Diner, Cloak/Utility room, EN-SUITE . Front and rear garden. Viewing is highly recommended to appreciate size, condition and location."
"LARGE FOUR-BEDROOM detached house on desirable road in Bletchley with separate reception rooms, REFITTED KITCHEN and utility room and downstairs cloakroom, LARGE REAR GARDEN with composite decking for outdoor entertaining. Walkable to Bletchley mainline station"
"A modern stone under tiled roof four bedroom detached house with an enclosed rear garden, a driveway and a single garage in a cul-de-sac walking distance from amenities in Old Stratford. The property was built by Messrs Abbey Mill Homes and has 1,366 sq. ft. of accommodation over two floors inclu..."
* FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS - OVER 1750 SQ. FT - DOUBLE CAR PORT - PRIVATE LOCATION * UPGRADED THROUGHOUT * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are delighted to the favoured agents in bringing to the market this truly stunning five double bedroom detached family residence which has been very ca...
"Thomas Connolly Estate Agents are delighted to present this beautiful four bedroom semi detached home situated in a private and gated community within the stunning new development of Black Horse Lodge, Great Linford. The development is located directly opposite the historic Black Horse Pub and..."
FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED....APPROX 2077 SQ FT....NO UPPER CHAIN....DETACHED GARAGE (17`1 x 8`6 max)....DENBIGH SCHOOL CATCHMENT....THREE ENSUITES....APPROX 2 MILES TO CMK MAINLINE TRAIN STATION....MASTER BEDROOM WITH DRESSING AREA....UTILITY ROOM & CLOAKROOM....LOUNGE (18`3 x 16`2 max)
"***SAVE UP TO £6,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 168 - The Bowyer * OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining & family room with elegant doors to garden * utility room * dual aspect living room * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * single garage * 10 year NHBC warranty * new & chain free * contact us today!"
"STUDY | 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS
THE ASCOT is a spacious 4 bedroom detached home with an integral garage. On the ground floor, find a fantastic OPEN-PLAN family kitchen with stylish FRENCH DOORS leading to the garden and a handy utility room. There's also a spacious lounge and a handy WC. Upstairs, you ..."
"£16K STAMP DUTY SAVINGS | INTEGRAL GARAGE
THE ASCOT is a modern home perfect for growing families. On the ground floor, find a light and airy open-plan family kitchen with stylish FRENCH DOORS leading to the garden, plus a handy utility room. There's also a SPACIOUS lounge and a handy WC. This ho..."
"- HOME OF THE MONTH - This brand new four bedroom detached family home situated in the ancient village of Wavendon. The property benefits from having a beautiful open plan kitchen/diner/family area at the rear, utility room, ensuite to master and a single garage and driveway"
"Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this four double bedroom detached property with no upper chain. Situated in the highly sought after location of Monkston, on the South East side of Milton Keynes, the property benefits from being in the catchment area of some o..."
"A delightful looking four/five bedroom detached family home situated in the highly desired area of Wavendon Gate, Milton Keynes. Within its close proximity to local shops and amenities including the sought after Walton High school catchment"
"FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE! Accommodation consists of large kitchen/ breakfast, lounge, dining room, master bedroom with en-suite, three further bedrooms and family bathroom! Situated within the popular area of Wavendon Gate which is walking distance to local shops and amenities."
"SAVE £25,000 | UPGRADES INCLUDED The Drummond is a spacious detached home offering a fantastic living space for your family with a large lounge, open-plan fitted kitchen/dining room and spacious utility room. The kitchen has French doors leading out to the rear garden. Upstairs there are FOUR DO..."
"Set over two-storeys, the Keswick is a spacious and intelligently laid-out family home. Its open-plan kitchen-dining area forms the heart of the house and a generous living room looks out over the private garden. The ground floor study with its bay window benefits from considerable nat..."
The Lanford 4 bedroom home for sale in Milton Keynes at Vision 4 @ Whitehouse. Contact us to find out how we can help get you moving this year.
"Spacious four-bedroom, two bathroom detached home with a single garage and two driveway parking spaces. WAS £585,000 NOW £560,000 The Goodwood is a comfortable four-bedroom detached home that features a generous living area with a feature bay window and study ..."
"*£20,000 Tailor-Made Package* Comfortable four-bedroom detached home with a single garage and driveway parking. WAS £585,000 NOW £560,000 The Goodwood is a comfortable four-bedroom detached home that features a generous living area with a feature bay win..."
"***SAVE UP TO £18,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 166 - The Scrivener * new, chain free & energy efficient * OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining & family room * utility room * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * 10 year NHBC warranty * garage * on site schools, GP surgery & shops * contact us for details!"
"The Marlborough is ideally suited to modern family living, featuring ample flexible spaces. The elegant hallway provides access to the central living areas: an open-plan kitchen-dining area with utility room and a spacious, light-filled living room. Upstairs are four large bedrooms, wi..."
"Situated in the popular OAKRIDGE PARK development is this VERY WELL PRESENTED and EXTENDED family home. The property has SEPARATE RECEPTION ROOMS, downstairs CLOAKROOM and UTILITY, FANTASTIC KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM, EN-SUITE, GARDENS and GARAGE."
THREE/ FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME....1356 SQ FT....CHARACTER PROPERTY....OUSEDALE SCHOOL CATCHMENT....IMMACULATE CONDITION....WALKING DISTANCE TO NEWPORT PAGNELL HIGH STREET....LARGE DRIVEWAY (26`11 x 21`4 max)....STUDY/BEDROOM FOUR (13 x 11`5 max).... (OUTBUILDING/WORKSHOP (26`3 x 6`8 max)
"Lovely four bedroom detached home with driveway for two cars.On the ground floor of this home is the kitchen diner which includes an integrated double oven and a gas hob, as well as space for freestanding appliances. There is also garden and living room access. The downstairs study is a..."
"154 The Chestnut: Everyone needs their own space, and that's exactly what you get with this home. There's room for the whole family to relax in the sitting room, and plenty of space to work in the study. The open-plan kitchen/dining area is made for entertaining. Four well-proportione..."
"A superb four bedroom link detached home in the popular location of Oakridge Park, a beautiful development surrounded by countryside. This home boasts some great features to include a modern kitchen w..."
"FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE OVERLOOKING PRIVATE ALLOTMENTS! Connells are delighted to offer this well positioned house in the popular area of Broughton. Sitting within close proximity of local shops, school and other amenities be quick to call Connells to register interest."
"Located on the sought after Tattenhoe development on the west side of Milton Keynes is this original purpose built four bedroom detached, converted to a three bedroom providing a master suite with refitted en-suite and dressing room. The property offers the potential to return to a four bedroom a..."
"An IMMACULATELY presented DETACHED HOUSE situated just a stone`s throw from the High Street & its amenities. This spacious property offers a light & bright entrance hall, CLOAKROOM, STUDY/FAMILY ROOM, CONSERVATORY, 1st floor BEDROOMS and BATHROOM. Outside OFF ROAD PARKING and ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN."
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a detached family home, situated within the sought after location of Furzton and within a short walk to Furzton lake. The accommodation comprises; entrance hall, study, conservatory, dining room, lounge with a box bay window, quality refitted kitchen/breakf..."
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale an imposing four double bedroom detached family home, situated within the sought after Tattenhoe area. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, lounge with French doors leading to the dining room with patio doors leading to the garde..."
An extended four bedroom detached house situated in the sought afterTattenhoe residential area. The property has been extended to the ground floor to offer an open plan kitchen/dining/family area.
"A four bedroom detached property with an integrated garage and off street parking located in the Tattenhoe area of Milton Keynes. The property has approximately 1,251 sq. ft. of accommodation set over two floors. On the ground floor this includes a sitting room, a kitchen/dining room, a family r..."
"- 5 bed, 4 bath DETACHED home - Benefiting from UTILITY ROOM - SEPARATE reception rooms & STUDY - Bed 1 & 2 with EN SUITE shower rooms - Driveway & SINGLE GARAGE : (Price Guiding : £550,000 - £575,000) Alexander Lawrence Estate Agents are pleased to bring to marke (cont.)"
"**INDIVIDUAL DESIGN** bedrooms including 17' master with en-suite shower room. Split level lounge and dining room, kitchen/breakfast room and downstairs cloakroom. Garage and ample off road parking. Lovely garden."
"***SAVE UP TO £18,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 61 - The Scrivener * brand new, chain free & energy efficient * OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining & family room with doors leading to the garden * utility room * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * 10 year NHBC warranty * detached garage * contact us!"
"Exceptionally spacious four bedroom home offered in show home condition! Situated in the popular area of Westcroft, it is ideal for any families wanting to be in the excellent school catchment area."
"Take advantage of this rare opportunity to buy an individually designed bungalow with three double bedrooms and a south-facing garden backing on to open countryside, in the quiet and picturesque village of Bow Brickhill."
"- CLICK ON VIDEO TOUR - CLICK ON VIDEO TOUR - : 4 bedroom DETACHED home - Benefiting from UTILITY ROOM - EN SUITE shower room to bed 1 - OVERSIZED GARAGE & GENEROUS driveway - LANDSCAPED gardens & NO UPPER CHAIN : (Price Guiding : £550,000 - £575,000) Al (cont.)"
"** MODERN SIX BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME** This spacious family home benefits from DRIVEWAY & GARAGE to front, cloakroom, OFFICE/STUDY, living room, KITCHEN/DINER with UTILITY and DINING ROOM. Master bedroom with EN-SUITE and two further bathrooms. Offered with NO UPPER CHAIN!"
"Outside, 1056 The Juniper has all the character of a traditional home; inside it's everything a 21st Century property should be. Stylish. Modern. Well-appointed. Designed to make the most of every millimetre of living space and every ray of natural light. The spacious kitchen/dining ..."
"Outside, 1054 The Juniper has all the character of a traditional home; inside it's everything a 21st Century property should be. Stylish. Modern. Well-appointed. Designed to make the most of every millimetre of living space and every ray of natural light. The spacious kitchen/dining ..."
"* EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT OF SUPER ENERGY EFFICIENT HOMES * 5 High Specification, 3 and 4 Bedroom PropertiesPrices from £515,000 to £745,000Completion of the properties is due circa June 2023. "
"***SAVE UP TO £18,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 64 - The Scrivener * OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining & family room with elegant doors to the garden * utility room * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * new & chain free home with a 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * get in touch today!"
For March reservations receive £450 a month MORTGAGE SUBSIDY for TWO YEARS. An attractive double fronted detached house with an OPEN PLAN kitchen family room equipped with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and double doors opening onto the garden. In addition the ground floor has a lounge also with double do...
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £540,000 - £600,000*"
"SAVE £15,000 | EN SUITE & DRESSING AREA
The Bayswater - a spacious four bedroom detached home designed with you in mind. On the ground floor you'll find a bright open-plan kitchen-diner with family area and French doors leading to the garden. A W.C and generous bay-fronted lounge complete this fl..."
"SAVE £15,000 | 4 BEDROOM HOME
THE BAYSWATER - a spacious four bedroom detached home designed with you in mind. On the ground floor you'll find a bright open-plan kitchen-diner with family area and French doors leading to the garden. A W.C and generous bay-fronted lounge complete this floor. Upst..."
"A Substantial four bedroom detached family home which is ideally situated on this small private development that consists of only similar type properties in the sought after area of Walnut Tree, Milton Keynes. The property has good proximity to excellent local schooling and provides a large drive..."
"King Estate Agents are proud to offer for sale, this extremely well presented four bedroom family home, situated in the sought after location of Walnut Tree. The property boasts a double garage, separ..."
"LIGHT FILLED LIVING AREAS | OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN
Set over three floors, the HERTFORD is a beautiful family home. The OPEN-PLAN dining room and kitchen features a separate utility room and a GLAZED BAY that opens onto the rear garden.The light-filled lounge features TWO BAY WINDOWS and ample space fo..."
"Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location in the sought-after area of Monkston Park in east Milton Keynes, is this four bedroom, detached family home. Offering two reception rooms, utility area, and en-suite to the main bedroom, the property also boasts a low maintenance south-facing rear garden, a..."
"Are you looking for your next family home? Explore The Wyatt. The inviting open plan kitchen and dining space elegantly stretches across the entirety of this home, with the patio doors allowing natural light to flood the room! "
"* EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT OF SUPER ENERGY EFFICIENT HOMES * 5 High Specification, 3 and 4 Bedroom PropertiesPRICES FROM £515,000 TO £745,000Completion of the properties is due circa June 2023"
A STUNNING and CHARACTERFUL END OF TERRACE PERIOD home situated towards the outskirts of the town. The accommodation is spread over THREE FLOORS and offers WELL PRESENTED and SPACIOUS accommodation; ideal for a family. DON'T MISS OUT! ARRANGE YOUR VIEWING TODAY.
"Discover every layer of detail woven through each room of the Morris, particularly surrounding the family hub of the home; your kitchen. Complete with integrated appliances and leading brand kitchenware, a garage and a driveway. Master includes fitted wardrobes and there is also two en-suites. "
"***SAVE UP TO £24,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^***Plot 561 - The Bowyer * brand new, chain free & energy efficient home with 10 year NHBC warranty * OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining & family room * utility room * WEST FACING GARDEN * EN-SUITE to bedroom 1 * garage & 2 parking spaces * call us!"
"£15K GIFTED DEPOSIT | DETACHED GARAGE
THE HESKETH - a three storey, four bedroom home. The ground floor includes a light and airy open-plan kitchen with French doors leading onto the garden. A spacious family lounge, cloakroom and handy storage space complete this floor. On the first floor you'l..."
"SAVE £26,499 | DRESSING AREA & EN SUITE
This attractive home has a delightful kitchen/dining room with French doors to the garden whilst the generous living room with feature Bay windows is the perfect place to relax. The ground floor also provides a useful utility and WC.The first floor presents..."
"Goodacres are delighted to offer for sale this brand new four bedroom detached family home situated in the ancient village of Wavendon. The property benefits from having a beautiful open plan kitchen/diner at the rear, utility room, study, ensuite to master and two parking spaces"
"Goodacres are delighted to offer for sale this brand new four bedroom detached family home situated in the ancient village of Wavendon. The property benefits from having a beautiful open plan kitchen/diner at the rear, utility room, study, ensuite to master and a single garage and 2 parking spaces"
"The Windsor features an impressive dual aspect lounge with French doors leading to the rear garden, and an open-plan kitchen with dining area. The first floor features the main bedroom with..."
** EXECUTIVE PROPERTY ** Set in a secluded part of Whalley Drive is this stunning four double bedroomed detached home with double garage and driveway. Built as part of the Bletchley Park development this property offers modern living and is immaculate throughout with accommo...
"** EXTENDED IN WEST BLETCHLEY ** Tucked away in a quiet corner of West Bletchley is this fantastic extended, 4-5 bedroom detached property with double garage which is being offered CHAIN FREE. A wealth of living accommodation is offered comprising an entrance porch; spacious..."
"Privacy, Peace and Quiet and a great plot. If you looking for any or all of the these then this could be your perfect family home"
"Carters are delighted to offer for sale this very well presented four bedroom detached family home situated along a very popular road within the sought after area of Shenley Lodge. The property boasts a block paved driveway for 4 vehicles, re-fitted kitchen and utility room and an enclosed rear g..."
"This STUNNING FAMILY HOME now available benefits from a SPACIOUS DRIVEWAY & INTEGRAL GARAGE, EN SUITE TO MASTER, PRIVATE REAR GARDEN and is LOCATED WITHIN A FANTASTIC SCHOOL CATCHMENT."
"LARGE THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE. An original four bed which has been converted. Property offers kitchen/ dining room, lounge, three bedrooms, large family bathroom and benefits from en-suite to master bedroom, single garage with potential to extend subject to planning permission."
"£9K STAMP DUTY CONTRIBUTION | ENSUITE 
THE LUTTERWORTH is a spacious and modern home with bright and flexible areas for the whole family to enjoy. On the ground floor you will find an open plan kitchen diner. French doors open onto the rear garden from both the spacious dual-aspect lounge. Upstai..."
*** We are hosting SCHEDULED viewing APPOINTMENTS on SATURDAY 18th MARCH from 1.00pm - 3.30pm : ENQUIRE via E-MAIL to REGISTER your INTEREST *** - 4 bedroom LINK DETACHED home - MODERN Kitchen & bathrooms - Bed 1 with EN SUITE shower room - Benefiting LANDSCAPED GARDENS (cont.)
"A brick built four bedroom detached property with an en suite shower room, a garage, off street parking, and no upper chain, situated in the Great Linford area of Milton Keynes. The accommodation includes an L-shaped sitting room and a dining room, both with sliding patio doors to the garden. Al..."
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a modern and well presented detached bungalow, situated in the popular Two Mile Ash area. The property boasts a lounge with a vaulted ceiling, tandem garage, enclosed rear garden, driveway and replacement double glazing. Accommodation comprises; entrance h..."
*** We are hosting SCHEDULED viewing APPOINTMENTS on SATURDAY 18th MARCH from 10.00am - 12.00 noon : ENQUIRE via E-MAIL to REGISTER your INTEREST *** - 4 bedroom DETACHED home - MODERNISED kitchen & utility room - Bed 1 with EN SUITE shower room - LANDSCAPED rear garden 
Email Only. Fabulous 4 bed detached house.*Double Garage* Study* High Specification*See Video Tour*Email Only.
"Offered to the market for the first time this stunning four bedroom detached home has a great kitchen/diner, three reception rooms, and an all-important garage. The secondary school catchment is the prestigious Royal Latin Grammar School in Buckingham."
Great House in a Sought After Area. Tucked away in a cul-de-sac location is this well presented four bedroom detached house. The property makes a great family home and viewing is highly recommended. Offered for sale with no above chain.
"High specification, energy efficient homes saving up to 40% on your energy bills and no DIY! Make your move to the Burns and be in your new home hassle free "
"*DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME* This property is set over two floors. The property offers Kitchen, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, FOUR bedrooms, EN SUITE, family bathroom, DRIVEWAY. FRONT and REAR gardens and SINGLE GARAGE."
"Gorgeous four bedroom detached with a garage and driveway for four cars.On the ground floor of this home is the modern kitchen with integrated goods to include; a fridge freezer, a double oven , a gas hob, a dishwasher and a washing machine. Off the kitchen is the utility room with lots..."
"* Plot 482 - The Milliner * come and view our showhome * OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining & family room * TWO sets of FRENCH DOORS to garden * 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS * EN-SUITE to bedroom 1 * garage & 2 parking spaces * PAY NO AGENT FEES if you have a home to sell^ * call us today for details on this home!"
"King Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this individual detached home, conveniently situated within walking distance of Milton Keynes train station. The property boasts around 1600sqft..."
"FINAL HOMES REMAINING | SAVE £26,249 | UPGRADES INCLUDED
 
The Contemporary HESKETH home features an impressive DUAL-ASPECT lounge with a bay window, an OPEN-PLAN kitchen with WALK IN GLAZED BAY and FRENCH DOORS leading to the rear garden. The first floor features a main bedroom with EN SUITE sh..."
"The Contemporary Hesketh home features an impressive dual-aspect lounge with a bay window, an open-plan kitchen with walk in glazed bay and French doors leading to the rear garden. The firs..."
"Welcome to the Goldfinch with two distinct living spaces on the ground floor, the Goldfinch offers the very utmost in flexibility for you and your family. The dining area nestles underneath two large skylights making it the perfect place to come together with loved ones. "
"Looking for your new family home? Explore the Skelton. Open-plan flexible living. Home Office. Separate utility room. Integral garage. 4 stylish bedrooms. Fitted wardrobes to Master bedroom, and en-suite. Ideal location with fantastic transport links. Call us today! "
"A very well presented 4 bedroom detached house with garage, parking and good sized garden located within a short walking distance of the town centre. The property has accommodation set over two floors with a flexible layout. It currently provides 3 reception rooms, 4 bedrooms and 3 bath..."
"FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE IN CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION! Connells are delighted to offer this well positioned house in the popular area of Walnut Tree. Sitting within close proximity of local shops, school and other amenities be quick to call Connells to register interest."
"With flexible open-plan living space and generously sized bedrooms, the Romsey is an attractive family home. The downstairs benefits from a substantial, bright and airy living room. A versatile kitchen-dining area with ample space for relaxation or play is ideally suited to family life..."
"Positioned on a corner plot in a quiet cul-de-sac location is a four bedroom detached family home located on the sought after Racecourses development in Far Bletchley. The property boasts a double garage with ample off road parking, en suite to master bedroom, downstairs cloakroom & utility r..."
"* EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT OF SUPER ENERGY EFFICIENT HOMES * 5 High Specification, 3 and 4 Bedroom PropertiesPRICES FROM £515,000 TO £745,000Completion of the properties is due circa June 2023."
"A SPACIOUS house in Milton Keynes, perfect for GROWING FAMILIES. Call to enquire! Bettermove are proud to present this 4 bedroom semi-detached house in Milton Keynes. The property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating throughout and has off street parking av..."
"A two bedroom terrace house which has a garage in a block and parking for one car, situated within 5 minutes' walk of Newport Pagnell high street and amenities. The accommodation includes a sitting/dining room which has wood effect flooring, stairs to the first floor with an understairs cupboard,..."
"SHOW HOME CONDITION!! An exceptionally well presented three bedroom detached house featuring CINEMA ROOM and HOT TUB!! The accommodation comprises of, entrance hall, cloak room, kitchen diner with fully integrated appliances and lounge with bay window. Upstairs comprises of three double bedrooms ..."
"NEW PRICE | SAVE £25,649  | UPGRADES INCLUDED
The Windsor features an impressive dual aspect lounge with French doors leading to the rear garden, and an open-plan kitchen with dining area. The first floor features the main bedroom with en suite shower room, a further double bedroom and family bat..."
"With stunning canal views to the rear garden is this three-bedroom detached home. The property has the added benefit of a driveway, double garage and three reception rooms."
"Modern four-bedroom, two bathroom double-front detached home with a single garage and driveway parking. The Penshurst is an idyllic four-bedroom, double-fronted detached home featuring an open-plan kitchen-dining room with a separate utility room and a large store cupboard. There is also a sp..."
"We have an opportunity to acquire this very rarely available, detached residence, situated on the prime location of Simpson Road with a garden backing onto the canal. Formally a four bedroom house, this has been converted to a three bedroom property. The property comprises o..."
"THE HOLLINWOOD - Featuring an open-plan kitchen with family/dining areas and French doors to the garden. The lounge is spacious, bright and airy. Upstairs are four double bedrooms, the main with en suite shower room. A separate bathroom completes this home."
"A modern four bedroom first floor apartment with a balcony, parking and a garage, for sale with no upper chain. The property is situated within gated communal grounds. The 1,367 sq. ft. of accommodation includes an entrance hall with a storage cupboard, a fitted kitchen, a utility room, and an op..."
"Seeing is believing! Located in a cul de sac in the sought after Willen development, this deceptively spacious extended four bedroom semi detached property presents to the market in superb condition throughout and should be at the top of your must view list, call to book your appointment today!"
This 1950's style semi-detached home is set on a very generous sized plot offering superb potential to extend. Set back from the road with a great size driveway providing parking for at least 5/6 cars. Situated in the Green Park area which means your close to popular schools and local shops. ...
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale an extended and refurbished detached family home with a STUNNING OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/ FAMILY/ DINING ROOM. This impressive property has been greatly improved by the current vendor and boasts an entrance hall, newly fitted downstairs cloakroom, dual aspect lou..."
"*WELL PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME* Set over two floors this detached property offers Kitchen, Living/Dining room, three bedrooms, family bathroom and benefits from EN-SUITE to master, cloakroom and a single GARAGE which is partly converted to a CINEMA ROOM."
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a well presented detached bungalow, CLOSE TO WINDMILL HILL GOLF COURSE. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, living room with patio door leading to the rear garden, refitted kitchen/dining room with integrated appliances, two double bedrooms and a refit..."
"***SAVE UP TO £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 400 - The Alnwick * new, chain free & energy efficient home overlooking open space * OPEN-PLAN kitchen & dining area with doors to SOUTH FACING GARDEN * FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS * EN-SUITE to bedroom 1 * 10 year NHBC warranty * contact us"
"Executive Four Bedroom Detached Family Home With Three Reception Rooms. Situated within the popular catchment area of Grange Farm, this family home offers bountiful living space both upstairs and downstairs. In brief the property comprises of an entrance hallway, cloakroom, di..."
"A contemporary four bedroom semi detached townhouse with an en suite shower room, a single garage and driveway parking, situated on the modern development of Oakridge Park. The accommodation is set over three floors and the ground floor includes a sitting room with a bay window and laminate wood ..."
"This AMAZING FAMILY HOME in the HIGHLY SOUGHT-AFTER AREA OF DOWNHEAD PARK benefits from a PRIVATE REAR GARDEN, SPACIOUS LIVING ROOM, EN-SUITE TO MASTER BEDROOM, a DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM plus a SINGLE GARAGE, FRONT GARDEN and DRIVEWAY PARKING. This house has been extensively refurbished, in..."
"A TWO bedroom Grade II listed thatched cottage in a prime location in the centre of the village.. With many period features, this iconic fine residence must be viewed to today to avoid disappointment."
"This delightful and charming cottage is believed to date from the 16th century and is understood to be the second oldest residential property in the village. White Cottage is steeped in history and enjoys an abundance of character throughout with numerous exposed timbers, quarry tiled flooring a..."
"Located in a cul de sac in the sought after Willen development, this deceptively spacious extended four bedroom semi detached property presents to the market in superb condition throughout and should be at the top of your must view list, call to book your viewing appointment today"
"- 4 DOUBLE bedroom DETACHED home - Modern ENSUITE & WALK in WARDROBE to Bed 1 - Separate RECEPTION AREAS & UTILITY room - SINGLE GARAGE & driveway for x 2 vehicles - Easy access of CMK TRAIN STATION : (Price Guiding : £500,000 - £525,000) Alexander Lawrence Est (cont.)"
"MUST BE SEEN! NO UPPER CHAIN! HUGE OPEN PLAN LIVING! TUCKED AWAY CUL-DE-SAC SETTING! Offered for sale is this well presented throughout four bedroom detached family home situated in this much sought after central location. The accommodation comprises, entrance hall, cloakroom, open plan kitche..."
Beautifully Extended 4 Bedroom Semi-Detached Family Home | Excellent School Catchment Area | Exclusive Location | Large Plot | Four Reception Rooms | Generous Landscaped Garden | Ensuite to Master | Excellent Road & Rail Links | Walking Distance to the Picturesque Willen Lake | Chain Free | View...
"** NO CHAN **CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale this well presented four double bedroom detached, situated in the sought after location of Shenley Lodge which benefits from a block paved driveway and a single garage. This stunning property briefly comprises; entrance hall, downstairs cloakr..."
"Carters are delighted to offer to the market this BEAUTIFULLY MAINTAINED TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM 1920'S SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME, resting on a generous plot and situated on a very desirable non estate location in Fenny Stratford. It is positioned close to Fenny Stratford centre with all the amenities..."
"Located in the popular area of Two Mile Ash in north-west Milton Keynes, is this three bedroom detached bungalow, which is set back from the road in a secluded position. The accommodation comprises of a porch, entrance hall, living room, dining room, kitchen, family bathroom and three bedrooms wi..."
"Offering the chance to extend (STPP) and to put your own stamp on it is this INDIVIDUALLY BUILT DETACHED family home. Standing on a GOOD SIZED PLOT & set back from the road the property has SEPARATE RECEPTION ROOMS, EN-SUITE, garden, OFF ROAD PARKING & SINGLE GARAGE. NO ONWARD CHAIN!"
"This amazing three bedroom family home has been extended to create a stunning kitchen breakfast room with a feature island. With beautiful views of Tattenhoe Valley Park, this is not one to be missed!"
"AN EXCEPTIONALLY WELL PRESENTED FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME!! A rarely available four-bedroom family home situated within a courtyard in the heart of Stony Stratford. The accommodation downstairs comprises of entrance hall, generous sized lounge, kitchen diner with fully integrated appliances w..."
"This AMAZING FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME in a HIGHLY SOUGHT-AFTER location boasts a EN-SUITE TO MASTER, LANDSCAPED PRIVATE REAR GARDEN, DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM and a LARGE L-SHAPED KITCHEN/DINER with FULLY INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and CENTRE ISLAND. ENQUIRE NOW so not to miss out on this bea..."
"Connells are delighted to offer this well positioned four bed detached house in the popular area of Broughton. Sitting within close proximity of local shops, school and other amenities be quick to call Connells to register interest."
"HESKETH - Featuring an open-plan kitchen and dining area with French doors onto the garden. On the first floor are two double bedrooms, the main with en suite shower room. Upstairs the top floor has two double bedrooms and dual-access shower room."
"*** 360 DEGREE TOUR AVAILABLE *** CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this extended unique link detached family home, situated within the popular Bancroft area. The property boasts a generous size dressing room off the main bedroom over the garage and an enclosed rear garden offering a high..."
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this stunning detached family home. situated within the popular Downs Barn area which has it's own convenience store and located approximately 1 mile from Central Milton Keynes, it also benefits from being on the bus route to Central Milton Keynes and to ..."
"A beautiful four bedroom detached home in which all the family will find space to call their own. The chef of the house will enjoy cooking up a storm in the kitchen, while the living room is ideal for cosy nights in. Bedroom four could become a home office or a playroom for the children."
"A modern brick under tile four bedroom townhouse built by Messrs David Wilson with an enclosed garden, a carport, driveway parking and no upper chain. The property has accommodation over three floors. The ground floor has an entrance hall, a cloakroom, a dual aspect sitting room with bay windows ..."
"Discover the spectacular Lydgate at Wavendon Green. This outstandingly spacious four bedroom, detached home offers room for all the family, not to mention a superb integral garage. Ideal location with FANTASTIC MK TRAVEL LINKS. Get in touch today!  "
"A contemporary four bedroom semi detached townhouse with an en suite shower room, a garage, and no upper chain, situated in the Oakridge Park area of Milton Keynes. The property has been recently decorated throughout, and has new carpets in the upstairs rooms. The accommodation set ove..."
"A STUNNING, HIGH QUALITY REFURBISHED FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW, RESTING ON A EXTENSIVE WRAPAROUND PLOT and APPROACHED VIA A PRIVATE DRIVEWAY with just one other property, on the desirable Roses development of Bletchley. It is located within easy reach of the town centre, schooling and within..."
For March reservations receive £450 a month MORTGAGE SUBSIDY for TWO YEARS. A well proportioned family home with a study area open from the entrance hall and a WC/Utility that houses the washing machine. A large kitchen/Diner with integrated appliances is at the back of the house with doors openi...
"This stunning THREE bedroom BRAND NEW detached home is located on PRIVATE road in a highly desirable Buckinghamshire village. Benefits include OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining room with FRENCH doors and UTILITY ROOM, SPACIOUS living room & TWO bathrooms. NO CHAIN READY NOW!"
"Idyllic four-bedroom, two bathroom double-front detached home with two side-by-side driveway parking spaces. The Penshurst is an idyllic four-bedroom, double-fronted detached home featuring an open-plan kitchen-dining room with a separate utility room and a large store cupboard. There is also..."
***NO UPPER CHAIN - MUST BE SEEN - STUNNING VIEWS/GREENERY OUTLOOK - SMART HOUSE - IDEAL COMMUTER PURCHASE - WELL PROPORTIONED ROOMS THROUGHOUT WITH HIGH CEILINGS*** Offered for sale is this rarely available four bedroom semi detached home situated in this ever so popular tucked away location. ...
"Featured home: FLOORING THROUGHOUT & TURF TO REAR GARDEN INCLUDED WHEN YOU RESERVE!
With flexible open-plan living space and generously sized bedrooms, the Romsey is an attractive family home. The downstairs benefits from a substantial, bright and airy living room. A versatile kitc..."
THE HALLAM | Spacious family home | Open plan kitchen/dining family area with French doors to rear south-facing garden | Separate Utility | Master bedroom with en suite and fitted wardrobes | Garage and parking | Located near Milton Keynes ideal for commuters |
"***Stamp Duty Paid*** The Clyde is a stunning 4 bedroom family home benefiting from open spaces, a fully INTEGRATED kitchen and a spacious master bedroom with an en-suite and dressing room. Completing this home is a turfed rear garden with generous patio space!"
"Taylors Estate Agents are proud to offer to the market this very well presented and rarely available 4 bedroom link detached family home. The downstairs accommodation boasts entrance hall, w/c, large open planned lounge/diner and a stunning kitchen which also has a dining area. <..."
"Lovely three-bedroom terraced home with parking for two cars.On the ground floor of this home is the spacious family living room, through to the L-shaped modern kitchen diner there are integrated goods to include; a double oven with a gas hob, a fridge freezer, and a dishwasher. There i..."
Beautifully Presented Family Home! A very well presented four bedroom detached family home for sale in the historic market town of Newport Pagnell
* DETACHED FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS - THREE RECEPTION ROOMS - DRIVEWAY & GARAGE - 1 MILE FROM WOLVERTON TRAIN STATION * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are excited to be the favoured agent in marketing this well presented and spacious four double bedroom detached family home located wi...
"Please enquire to find out about floorplans for this house type. The Hexham is the ideal family home, a four bedroom property spread over three floors. The top floor hosts the main bedroom, en suite along with a second double bedroom and bathroom. The two bedrooms on the first floor s..."
" Reserve our last remaining 4 bedroom homes and receive a £12,000 Stamp Duty contribution.* Don't miss out! Our spacious 4 bedroom family townhouse, the Dartmouth available from £489,995 at Saxon Reach, Milton Keynes. Register your interest to learn more!"
A Grade II listed 19th century three bedroom detached former gatehouse overlooking the river Ouse in the market town of Newport Pagnell and for sale with no upper chain. The property is in need of some modernisation. Accommodation includes a sitting room with double doors to a rear lobby which ha...
**NO UPPER CHAIN** Being sold in show home condition is this wonderfully presented Four bedroom detached family home set in the desirable Pennyland area of Milton Keynes with easy access to city centre shopping and leisure facilities as well as canal side walks on the Grand Union Canal. 
"*** DETACHED BUNGALOW IN A SOUGHT AFTER AREA *** A three bedroom detached bungalow benefiting from a double garage and no onward chain, located close to Abbey Hill Golf Course and a short drive from Central Milton Keynes and all of its amenities."
"Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to be marketing this four double bedroom townhouse in the sought after location of Oakhill, Milton Keynes. Offered for sale with NO UPPER CHAIN! With the property being only a few years old it still holds that fresh new build feeling and being locate..."
"Located on the sought after, non estate location of Leon Avenue is this, in our opinion, well presented 3/4 bedroom extended detached. The property boats a lounge with a log burner feature, kitchen/diner, family bathroom with a free standing roll top bath, main bedroom including a double shower c..."
"This well-presented, four double bedroom detached property is situated in the popular, modern development of Newton Leys. The property boasts entrance hall, modern kitchen/diner with integrated appliances, lounge and downstairs cloakroom/utility and a study. The first floor comprises of the four ..."
Open Plan Living At It's Best. This is an absolute gorgeous three double bedroom end terrace house set within the highly sought after area of Monkston Park. Once you have viewed internally....just walk out into the garden and look at the beautiful garden
"If you're looking to move up the property ladder, the Lydford has it all. 4 bedrooms, chocolate box charm and ample space for a growing family."
* FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME * 23’ OPEN LIGHT AN ARIY LOUNGE * THREE BATHROOMS * GARAGE * Urban & Rural Newport Pagnell are pleased to be the favoured agent in marketing this well-proportioned extended four bedroom detached family home in the ever sought after area of...
"Situated in WOLVERTON and with NO UPPER CHAIN is this FOUR/FIVE bedroom SEMI-DETACHED with OFF ROAD PARKING, large rear garden with different entertaining areas, kitchen/dining room, lounge, cloakroom plus utility room, FOUR bedrooms and family bathroom plus CONVERTED LOFT,"
"Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location in the sought-after area of Great Holm in west Milton Keynes, is this four-bedroom detached home. The property features two reception rooms, a kitchen, a downstairs cloakroom, four bedrooms, a shower room and front & rear gardens. It also boasts a garag..."
"**IMMACULATE PRESENTATION THROUGHOUT** 4 bedroom detached home constructed in 2019, situated on this popular modern development.The accommodation includes a 22' Kitchen/Dining Room, Utility/Cloakroom, En-suite and a study. Set on a generous plot with a carport and parking space."
* STUNNING FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME * THREE RECEPTION ROOMS * FANTASTIC SCHOOL CATCHMENT * Urban & Rural Newport Pagnell are delighted to be the favoured agent in marketing this immaculately presented and spacious four-bedroom detached family home in the ever sought after...
A very well presented three storey terraced town house situated in the sought after location of Broughton. Broughton is situated to the east of the town centre and is well served by the A509 with the A5 and M1 just a short drive away along with Milton Keynes Central.
"Elevation are delighted to present this unique three bedroom semi detached home with a gated driveway for one car.On the ground floor if this home is the open plan living area with amtico flooring throughout. The entrance hall comprises of a downstairs cloakroom, a large pantry closet a..."
"A charming and beautifully finished house, this home is a great fit for growing families. With an impressive garden and an abundance of space, this four-bedroom detached house is the perfect opportunity! In this family-friendly area — with lots of green space and great schools close by..."
"Carters are delighted to bring to market this very well presented 4 BEDROOM DETACHED DOUBLE FRONTED family home, located on the semi rural development of Newton Leys. The area has been established with many local amenities including shops, primary schools, hairdressers, and play parks. It is also..."
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a well presented and modern detached family home, situated within the popular Manor Park development. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, dining room, fitted kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, lounge with bay window; first floo..."
"**LARGE CORNER PLOT** Offered for sale is this immaculately presented three bedroom detached bungalow. The property is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought after area of Bletchley. The property in brief comprises; large entrance hall, kitchen, utility, lounge, master bedroom with en-suite..."
"A DETACHED CHALET style BUNGALOW with one bedroom on the ground floor and the other on the first floor. The property has a DOWNSTAIRS SHOWER ROOM and EN-SUITE BATHROOM, OPEN PLAN LIVING, WRAP AROUND GARDEN and AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING."
MUST BE SEEN! HUGE OPEN PLAN LIVING THAT CAN ONLY BE FULLY APPRECIATED IN PERSON! EXTENDED HOME WITH RARELY SEEN WRAP AROUND PLOT! MK10 LIFESTYLE LIVING WITH SUCH DEMAND FOR THE AREA AND SCHOOL CATCHMENTS! Offered for sale is this extended three bedroom end of terrace family home situated in the...
"This perfect family home has four bedrooms, a stunning modern kitchen/breakfast room and double driveway with garage. Check out the sneak peek video!"
"FINAL HOMES REMAINING | SAVE £23,999 | UPGRADES INCLUDED 
 
A SEMI-DETACHED THREE-STOREY HOME OFFERING FLEXIBLE LIVING FOR GROWING FAMILIES. The stylish modern kitchen, and bright lounge/dining area with a glazed bay leading to the garden through FRENCH DOORS are all located on the ground floor. ..."
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND D A generously-proportioned detached property with minimal work required to achieve an enviable level of modernisation throughout, this home is situated on the outskirts of Milton Keynes Benefitting from endless peace and quiet and superb transport links, the property’..."
"King Estate Agents are delighted to bring to market this bright and spacious, four bedroom detached house situated in the new development of Woburn Downs, Eaton Leys. This property boasts over 1000sq ..."
"*DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME* This property is set over two floors. The property offers Kitchen/Diner, UTILITY ROOM, Living room, THREE bedrooms, family bathroom, single GARAGE and DRIVEWAY. FRONT and REAR gardens."
"SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION! IDEAL FAMILY HOME! FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED! THREE RECEPTION ROOMS! TWO-ENSUITES! GARDEN, GARAGE & PARKING! Offered for sale is this four bedroom detached family home situated in the ever so popular, Oakridge Park development. The accommodation comprises, entrance hall, lo..."
"630 The Cypress is a modern take on a traditional design. This stunning house is a home everyone will love. Your family will love the light, airy living room, and well-proportioned bedrooms. Your guests will love being entertained in the stylish open-plan kitchen/dining area - and ret..."
"629 The Cypress is a modern take on a traditional design. This stunning house is a home everyone will love. Your family will love the light, airy living room, and well-proportioned bedrooms. Your guests will love being entertained in the stylish open-plan kitchen/dining area - and ret..."
"SAVE £23,499 | COMPLETE WITH SOLAR PANNELS 
Kitchen with dining and family areas, French doors lead out onto the garden. The first floor features two double bedrooms, two single bedrooms, an en suite to the main bedroom, and the main bathroom.
 "
"633 The Spruce II is a unique home combines traditional architecture with modern design to stunning effect. The sitting room and kitchen/dining area span the full length of the property making them light, airy and very spacious - ideal for entertaining guests. While the master bedroom ..."
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this WELL PRESENTED and spacious three bedroom detached home in the sought after location of Brooklands. This wonderful home benefits from a spacious enclosed rear garden, off road parking and quality fitted kitchen. Accommodation briefly comprising: entr..."
"**FOUR BEDROOMS** Three storey SEMI DETACHED family home in Whitehouse. Well presented property with many benefits including GARAGE and DRIVEWAY, Kitchen, Cloak. living room and EN-SUITE . Front and rear garden. Viewing is highly recommended to appreciate size, condition and location."
"GREAT FAMILY HOME in a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC with GOOD SCHOOLING nearby and local amenities. The property has LOUNGE/DINER, conservatory, KITCHEN/BREAKFAST room, DOWNSTAIRS SHOWER/CLOAKROOM, family bathroom, four good size rooms, OFF ROAD PARKING and GARAGE, front & rear gardens."
"Gorgeous five-bedroom semi-detached home with a garage and driveway.Set over three floors, this property is in immaculate condition throughout.On the ground floor of this property is the modern kitchen diner with integrated goods to include; a gas hob with an extractor fan , doub..."
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale a modern five double bedroom town house, situated in the popular area of Broughton to the east side of Milton Keynes. This impressive property with accommodation set over three floors. comprises; an entrance hall, stylish modern fitted kitchen with integ..."
"A four-bedroom family home spread over three storeys, the Filey provides flexibility and space in which to entertain. It features three double and one single bedroom which can also be used as a study, a family bathroom and an en suite to the second-floor main bedroom. The ground floor ..."
"*WELL PRESENTED FIVE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME* Set over THREE floors this semi detached property offers Kitchen/Diner, Living room, five bedrooms, TWO family bathrooms and benefits from EN-SUITE to master, cloakroom and a GARAGE and DRIVEWAY."
"The Dove is a superlative four bedroom home set across three expansive floors. The bay window offers a charming aspect to the living toom on the ground floor. The master bedroom on the second floor is a suite of its own with its attractive sky lights, vaulted ceilings and private bathroom."
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a well presented detached family home, situated within the sought after Monkston Park area east side of Milton Keynes. The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, dual aspect kitchen/dining room, utility room, lounge, first flo..."
"A family home upgrade? A stunning four bedroom detached house located in a popular location complete with separate dining room, ensuite facilities, ground floor cloakroom, garage and off road parking, the list goes on!. Call to book your viewing today through haart Milton Keynes"
"Cauldwell Property Services are delighted to offer for sale a stunning five bedroom townhouse in the sought after location of Whitehouse. Downstairs accommodation briefly consists of entrance hall, double garage conversion which now provides a generous spacious lounge, kitchen/diner and downstai..."
"FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE! Be quick to register your interest for this beautifully presented, modern home based in the popular area of Eagle Farm South. Offering four double bedrooms, large kitchen/diner, lounge and family bathroom set over three floors."
"***Stamp Duty Paid*** The Bann is a high quality 3 bedroom home designed to optimise space and light throughout. The home offers a fully integrated kitchen with a FRIDGE FREEZER, DISHWASHER and WASHER/DRYER. The master bedroom benefits from having an en-suite and DRESSING ROOM!"
"GREAT FOUR BED FAMILY HOME spread over three floors with TWO OFFICES, Lounge/DINER, new MODERN KITCHEN, en-suite to main bedroom, CLOAKROOM, off road parking and landscaped rear gardens. The property is situated on a quite CUL-DE-SAC with play park, close to local amenities and GOOD SCHOOL CATCHMENT"
"Featured home: AVAILABLE WITH FLOORING THROUGHOUT! Three storey living Open plan kitchen/dining & living area Enquire today!
A four-bedroom family home spread over three storeys, the Filey provides flexibility and space in which to entertain. It features three double and one sing..."
"Energy efficient, DIY-free and low maintenance NEW HOME! Fantas..."
"***SAVE UP TO £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 130 - The Lymner * new, chain free & energy efficient home * 10 year NHBC warranty * open plan kitchen diner * utility room * dual aspect living room * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * 2 parking spaces * onsite school * call us today!"
"The Brentwood, a unique three-bedroom, three-storey home. The ground floor features a stylish open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors leading to the garden, a bright family room and a WC. ..."
"SAVE £22,999 | UPGRADES INCLUDED | NEW PRICE
A semi-detached three storey home offering flexible living for growing families. The stylish modern kitchen, bright lounge/dining area with glazed bay leading to the garden through French doors are all located on the ground floor. Upstairs you will fin..."
A semi-detached three-storey home offering flexible living for growing families. The stylish modern kitchen and bright lounge/dining area with a glazed bay leading to the garden through French doors a...
A four bedroom family home with a spacious top floor main bedroom complete with en-suite.
"***SAVE UP TO £18,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 90 - The Cosgrove * chain free, energy efficient & new home in a cul de sac * OPEN PLAN kitchen & dining room with doors leading to the garden * dual aspect living room * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * two parking spaces * call us today!"
"Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to bring to market this 3/4 bedroom detached property in the sought after location of Great Linford. The accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance hall, cloakroom, 24ft lounge/diner, kitchen, utlity room, study/bedroom four, first floor landing, three bedr..."
"***SAVE UP TO £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 137 - The Wainwright * new, chain free & energy efficient * 10 year NHBC warranty * OPEN PLAN living & dining room * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * 3 storey living * 2 parking spaces * 4 minutes' drive from train station * get in touch!"
"A four-bedroom family home spread over three storeys, the Filey provides flexibility and space in which to entertain. It features three double and one single bedroom, a family bathroom and an en suite to the second-floor master bedroom. The ground floor appeals to those who love open p..."
"For March reservations receive £450 a month MORTGAGE SUBSIDY for TWO YEARS. A BRIGHT and airy DETACHED house with three good size bedrooms, an en-suite shower room and downstairs WC. The kitchen is equipped with INTEGRATED appliances including oven, hob, dish/washer, washing machine and fridge/fr..."
"Positioned on the sought after location of the Saints estate in Far Bletchley is an extended and much improved four bedroom semi detached. The property boasts a refitted kitchen/diner with bi-folding doors leading on to the wrap around rear garden, downstairs cloakroom and utility room, family ro..."
"The Chesham is a generously sized three-bedroom property. Inspired by tradition, it has a double-fronted layout and features an attractive bay window which, together with French doors, make this a beautifully bright property. A welcoming hallway leads to two spacious reception rooms: a..."
"***SAVE UP TO £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 401 * The Carlisle * 3 floors of living space * OPEN-PLAN kitchen & dining area * doors to SOUTH FACING GARDEN * EN-SUITE to bedroom 1 * new, chain free & energy efficient home * 10 year NHBC warranty * 2 parking spaces * call us!"
"A double fronted three bedroom semi detached house with a courtyard garden, situated within walking distance of local amenities in Newport Pagnell. The property combines character features such as high ceilings, picture rails, and fireplaces, with modern day fixtures and fittings. The ..."
"A beautifully presented 3 bedroom detached house, located in the corner of a cul-de-sac on the edge of Two Mile Ash with an open aspect to the rear. The property has had many improvements carried out by the owners, and is very well presented with accommodation comprising; an entrance hal..."
"An extended three bedroom semi detached property with a downstairs wet room, and off street parking, situated in the village of Lathbury. The accommodation includes an open plan sitting/family room with a fireplace in each area, an understairs storage cupboard, and double doors to the garden. Als..."
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this modern detached property overlooking an Allotment, situated within the popular area of Broughton ( close proximity to Kingston Shopping Centre and offers easy access to the M1). This beautiful family home briefly comprises; entrance hall, downstairs ..."
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a stunning modern four bedroom town house, overlooking a lake within this popular new development of Eagle Farm South. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, lounge/dining room with French doors leading to the garden, , fitted kitchen with integrated appli..."
"Carters are delighted to offer to the market this SPACIOUS AND WELL PROPORTIONED EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY, in one of the most prestigious areas, just off Windmill Hill Drive in Far Bletchley. The property resides down a quiet cul-de-sac and the location gives convenient access..."
"This 4 bedroom semi-detached home is nestled on the edge of Hazeley Woods. Vision at Whitehouse, offers a tranquil setting on the fringes of the popular Buckinghamshire town, Milton Keynes. "
"**THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME** This well-presented THREE STORE property in WHITEHOUSE. In brief the property consists of Kitchen/Diner, Living Room, STUDY, three bedrooms, EN-SUITE to master, and family bathroom. Outside is LOW MAINTENANCE front and rear garden, GARAGE and DRIVEWAY."
* SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED - TUCKED DOWN A QUIET CUL-DE-SAC * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are delighted to offer this rarely available four bedroom detached property which offers great and versatile living accommodation throughout nestled down a quiet and traffic free cul-de-...
"Additional upgrades included in this 4 bedroom home. With a sociable kitchen diner and 4 bedrooms, the Lydford is ideally suited to first time buyers or families looking for a little extra space."
"With a sociable kitchen diner and 4 bedrooms, the Lydford is ideally suited to first time buyers or families looking for a little extra space."
Situated in an end of cul-de-sac location this detached family home is offered to the market. As you enter the property onto the ground floor you can access the guest cloakroom which then leads onto the open and spacious lounge/diner.  From the lounge/diner you can access the refitted ki...
* FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED - GARAGE & DRIVEWAY * OPPOSITE BRADWELL WINDMILL * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are proud to be the favoured agent in marketing this highly desirable four bedroom detached family home located within Bradville - just a few minutes’ walk from the Gran...
"A three/four bedroom end of terrace property with a single storey extension, garage and workshop located in the Simpson area of Milton Keynes. The property is in a cul de sac location and has been extended to approximately 1,494 sq. ft. of accommodation set over two floors. On the ground floor, ..."
A modern three bedroom detached house with an open plan kitchen/dining room and easy access to M1 junction 14 located in the Monkston area of Milton Keynes. The property is traditionally brick built under a tiled roof with accommodation set over two floors. On the ground floor there is a sitting...
Nicely appointed FOUR bedroom DETACHED home with GARAGE and PARKING located on a corner plot in the popular Racecourses estate in Bletchley. Offered in excellent condition this property is an ideal buy for a growing family with local schooling nearby and excellent commute into nearby Milton Keynes.
"To see the full potential and to recognised the space of this property viewing is highly recommended.. A rare opportunity to purchase ""something different."" This 4/5 bedroom semi-detached home is extremely spacious and offers highly flexible living potential. CALL CONNELLS TODAY TO VIEW."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN!! This beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home is situated on the sought after development of the ""Racecourses"" in Bletchley. The property boasts a wrap around garden, large lounge, garage, driveway for multiple cars. CALL CONNELLS TO VIEW TODAY!!!"
"With an appealing L-shaped layout, the 3 bedroom Tildale has plenty of space for families."
"An extended four bedroom semi detached character property with an en suite shower room, a garage and off street parking, situated in the market town of Newport Pagnell. The accommodation is set over three floors and includes an open plan dual aspect sitting/dining room which has a feature firepla..."
"Positioned in a quiet cul-de-sac in Heelands, Milton Keynes, is this four double bedroom detached family home. On entry you are greeted by a hallway leading to a lounge, a separate dining room, kitchen and a downstairs cloakroom. The first floor accommodation offers four bedrooms, a family bathro..."
"Carters are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom townhouse situated on the sought after 'Eaton Mews' Development located in Central Milton Keynes, which offers close proximity to Campbell Park, Xscape, the Theatre District and CMK Railway Station. The spacious accommodation com..."
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this well presented and spacious three bedroom detached home in the sought after location of Broughton. This wonderful home benefits from a balcony, enclosed rear garden and a garage. Accommodation briefly comprising: entrance hall, dual aspect living roo..."
"A three bedroom detached house just a stones throw from the sought after Shenley Brook End school. The property offers two reception rooms, three bedrooms with en-suite to the master, parking for several vehicles to front as well as a single garage."
PLOT 14 - LAST REMAINING PLOT - RANGE OF INCENTIVES AVAILABLE - 5* BUILDER - This impressive home has a terrific open-plan space for relaxing with family and friends. The contemporary kitchen combines with an expansive family/dining area featuring bi-folding doors leading out to the garden. Up...
"**FINAL RELEASE**The LymmThomas Connolly Estate Agents are delighted to present this three bedroom terrace home, situated in the sought after new development of The Oaks in Tattenhoe Park.The accommodation in brief comprises of: ground floor - entrance hall, downstairs clo..."
*EN SUITE* *4 BEDROOM* *OPEN-PLAN LIVING* The Helmsley is a flexible four bedroom home with an open-plan kitchen diner with family area and French doors opening onto the rear garden. Bedroom four is also on the ground floor and could be used as a study. The spacious lounge and main bedroom with ...
"King Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this well presented three bedroom detached home, situated in the sought after location of Brooklands. This property boasts over 1000sqft of bright an..."
"***SAVE UP TO £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 402 * The Carlisle * energy efficient, new & chain free with a 10 year NHBC warranty * OPEN-PLAN kitchen & dining area * SOUTH FACING GARDEN * EN-SUITE to bedroom 1 * 2 parking spaces * 3 storey living * contact us for details!"
"For March reservations receive £450 a month MORTGAGE SUBSIDY for TWO YEARS. A spacious three bedroom DETACHED house with just under 1000 square feet of accommodation over two floors. The Dendy specification features a kitchen equipped with integrated appliances, all bathrooms have chrome recesse..."
"MK10 LIVING & LIFESTYLE! DETACHED FAMILY HOME! THE GARDEN CAN ONLY BE APPRECIATED ONCE SEEN IN PERSON! TUCKED AWAY SETTING! Offered for sale is this three bedroom detached family home situated in the much sought after location of Broughton, Milton Keynes. The accommodation comprises, entrance h..."
*** Perfect Home in the Perfect Town ***A tastefully extended and immaculately presented spacious four-bedroom semi-detached family home which is perfectly positioned within this historic and popular market town.
"Offering superb bedroom sizes, this popular Easton is BRAND NEW, has over £5,000 worth of upgrades and is ready to complete immediately."
"Situated in the sought after location of WHITEHOUSE is this THREE STOREY SEMI-DETACHED property WITH FOUR bedrooms and including EN-SUITE to master bedroom, driveway providing parking for two vehicles and a GARAGE."
"A four bedroom family home spread over three storeys, The Filey provides flexibility and space in which to entertain. The first floor features two double bedrooms plus a single bedroom and a family bathroom. Bedroom one takes up the entire second floor and benefits from an en suite and..."
King Estate Agents are delighted to bring to market this bright and spacious four bedroom semi detached house set over three floors in the sought after location of Brooklands. This home boasts four do...
"If you're looking for a standout home, this is it. This impressive house has a character and style all of its own. Feature windows in the front-facing sitting room and en suite master bedroom, bathe both rooms in natural light. The stylish, open-plan kitchen/dining room is ideal for ..."
"READY TO MOVE INTO PACKAGE WORTH £22,800*. ALSO RECEIVE FLOORING AND AN UPGRADED KITCHEN WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES*.
THE KENNETT – Discover flexible three storey living in this 3 double bedroom home, boasting almost 1,100 sq ft of living space. On the ground floor, you will find an open-plan kit..."
The Helmsley is a flexible four-bedroom home with an open-plan kitchen diner with a family area and French doors opening onto the rear garden. Bedroom four is also on the ground floor and could be use...
"632 The Hazel is an attractive home with looks to impress. The house has impressive features, such as separate hall and sitting room and a superb naturally lit kitchen/dining with French doors. With enough space for three bedrooms and additional bathrooms this is a fantastic home for e..."
"***SAVE UP TO £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 138 - The Harper * brand new & chain free home with two parking spaces * open plan kitchen diner with doors to garden * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * 10 year NHBC warranty * great location * modern throughout * get in touch for details!"
"***** DETACHED HOME IN IMMACULATE CONDITION ***** This home gives you the opportunity to move in and simply put your feet up! MODERNISED and IMPROVED by the current owners, this wonderfully presented three bedroom home offers an abundance of SPACE and VERSATILITY throughout."
Thomas Connolly Estate Agents are pleased to present this three bedroom semi-detached property for sale situated in the sought after location of Oakgrove within popular school catchment and local amenities including Waitrose & Costa Coffee.The accommodation in brief comprises; ...
"Featured home: AVAILABLE WITH FLOORING THROUGHOUT, DISHWASHER & TURF TO REAR GARDEN! Open plan kitchen, dining and family room Three storey living A four-bedroom family home spread over three storeys, the Filey provides flexibility and space in which to entertain. It features thr..."
"STUNNING & RECENTLY MODERNISED EXTENDED FAMILY TOWN HOUSE with SEPARATE LOUNGE, study/snug, family room, EN-SUITE, cloakroom, front & REAR GARDENS, two off road allocated parking spaces, four bedrooms and bathroom, close to local amenities and GOOD SCHOOLING plus transport links."
"* Stylish open plan kitchen / dining room with double French doors to the rear garden, a bright and spacious dual aspect lounge and convenient cloakroom."
*** 360 DEGREE TOUR AVAILABLE *** CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale this delightful four bed family home on the popular Grange Farm development. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall; downstairs cloakroom/wc; dual aspect lounge with French doors leading to the conservatory; refitted dual ...
"The Kingsville is an elegant four-bedroom mid-terrace home, ideal for growing families. The ground floor presents a spacious open-plan kitchen/breakfast/dining area with French doors leading out to a ..."
For March reservations receive £450 a month MORTGAGE SUBSIDY for TWO YEARS. A three DOUBLE bedroom semi detached property with a GARAGE. Bedroom one occupies the top floor with a dressing area and en-suite shower room. The kitchen/diner with doors opening onto the garden is equipped with integrat...
"Nearly £8000 of additional upgrades included in this 4 bedroom home. With a sociable kitchen diner and 4 bedrooms, the Lydford is ideally suited to first time buyers or families looking for a little extra space."
"An extended brick under tile three bedroom semi detached property with a detached one bedroom annexe in the rear garden. The property has been upgraded throughout by the current vendor and has accommodation over two floors, including an entrance hall, a ground floor three piece bathroom, a sittin..."
"**£1,000 PER MONTH MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION FOR UP TO 12 MONTHS^** Spread across three floors, this brand new home offers a generous amount of living space for the whole family. Complete with a PRIVATE GARDEN, allocated parking, integrated appliances and an EN SUITE to bedroom 1, plus a chain free move"
"Taylors are delighted to be marketing this sizable and nearly brand new semi-detached house in the highly desirable and new estate of Glebe Farm, Milton Keynes. With 9 years remaining on the NHBC warranty for the property giving you peace of mind and the house itself still providing th..."
"This property, boasting three bedrooms, is situated in the sought-after Glebe Farm area of Wavendon. Only having had one owner since its construction, it has been upgraded with 'Granite' countertops and Amtico flooring on the majority of the lower level and in the bathrooms. Upon entering the ..."
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a modern semi detached townhouse family, situated within the sought after location of Fairfields. One of the most recent developments in Milton Keynes, Fairfields is proving popular with families, as the highly rated Denbigh School has a second campus, Wat..."
"***SAVE UP TO £18,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 67 - The Thornton * chain free, energy efficient new home in a cul de sac * 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * open plan living & dining room with doors to the garden * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * two parking spaces * call us!"
"THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE! Connells are delighted to offer this well positioned house in the popular area of Old Farm Park. Sitting within close proximity of local shops, school and other amenities be quick to call Connells to register interest."
"READY TO MOVE INTO PACKAGE WORTH £22,800* PLUS AN UPGRADED KITCHEN WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES.
THE KENNETT - Discover three storey living in this 3 bedroom home. On the ground floor you'll find an open-plan kitchen and dining area with French doors onto the garden. Relax in a spacious bay-fronted..."
"Stylish three-bedroom, two bathroom semi-detached home with two side-by-side driveway parking spaces. The Frogmore is a charming three-bedroom semi-detached home offering a spacious living area at the front of the property, and a stylish open-plan kitchen-dining room to the rear with French d..."
"***SAVE UP TO £18,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 121 - The Thornton * showhome open * new & chain free overlooking open space * 2 parking spaces * OPEN PLAN living & dining room with elegant doors * kitchen & breakfast room * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * 10 year NHBC warranty * call us!"
"A well presented bedroom DETACHED HOUSE The property benefits from a kitchen diner, lounge with open fireplace, downstairs w.c. and outside OFF SPACE to the first floor THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS and family bathroom and a privately enclosed rear garden. Viewing strongly advised to avoid disappointment."
"A detached bungalow situated in a desirable location with gated entrance. The property features an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, four piece family bathroom, an en-suite to the main bedroom and conservatory. Ample secure parking, private rear garden and side entrance."
"*** SAVE £12,000 ON YOUR MORTGAGE FOR 1 YEAR^ *** Plot 528 * OPEN-PLAN kitchen & dining area with selected appliances * FRENCH DOORS to the garden * EN-SUITE to bedroom 1 * two parking spaces * new & chain free home * 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * get in touch for details today!"
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale this modern three bedroom link detached family home, situated in the sought after location of Old Farm Park. The property boasts a generous size rear garden with scope to extend (subject to planning permission), garage and a driveway. Accommodation briefly..."
"**NO UPPER CHAIN** Spacious, detached family home situated at the end of a cul-de-sac. Well presented with a refitted Bathroom, Downstairs Cloakroom and 18' Kitchen. Separate Dining Room, Conservatory and a detached Garage with store room."
"**READY NOW**Thomas Connolly Estate Agents are delighted to present this three bedroom detached family home situated on the highly sought after Wavendon View development on the East side of Milton Keynes.The accommodation in brief comprises; ground floor - entrance hall, kitchen/..."
Four bedroom detached family home with a garage and driveway for two cars.On the ground floor of this home is the family living room with a walk in bay window allowing for lots of natural light. Through to the spacious kitchen with space for freestanding appliances. Off the kitchen is t...
"Thomas Connolly Estate Agents are delighted to present this four bedroom detached property situated in the sought after location of Bletchley, within close proximity to primary schools, a 15 minute walk to the local train station, or a 15 minute drive to Central MK.The accommodation in ..."
"Close proximity to Wolverton TRAIN STATION comprising an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge with French doors leading to a rear garden, kitchen/dining with access to the garden through a side door. First floor MASTER BEDROOM WITH DRESSING ROOM AND EN-SUITE and further two bedrooms and family bathroom"
"Situated at the end of a cul de saq in this four bedroom detached property with a good size garden. This property would be an ideal family home. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, living room, kitchen, and a playroom/study. On the first floor there are four bedrooms and a family bat..."
"This IMMACULATELY PRESENTED PROPERTY benefits from an UPGRADED KITCHEN, DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM, SINGLE GARAGE, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS AND A STUNNING MASTER BEDROOM WITH EN-SUITE. All located in the HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION of BROOKLANDS with a OUTSTANDING RATED SCHOOL NEARBY and CLOSE PROXIMITY ..."
A charming two double bedroom Victorian property boasting wealth of history. Complete with original character features this home is situated on Caldecote Street just a short walk to Newport Pagnells High Street. There are fantastic road links with the M1 just a stones throw away and beautiful wa...
"A lovely family home situated in this popular location offering well presented accommodation to include a DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM, SEPARATE RECEPTION ROOMS, CONSERVATORY, MAIN BEDROOM with ENSUITE FACILITIES, GARDENS and GARAGE."
"Within WALKING DISTANCE of the GRAND UNION CANAL, this WONDERFULLY BRIGHT FAMILY home offers a SPACIOUS MASTER BEDROOM with EN SUITE, TWO FURTHER DOUBLE BEDROOMS, DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM, CONSERVATORY, SINGLE GARAGE, plus DRIVEWAY PARKING for up to FOUR VEHICLES."
"OXWICH GROVE,TATTENHOE Well presented detached family home in a sought after location in Milton Keynes, within easy reach of good schools, parkland and children's play areas. Ground Floor Cloakroom - includes white toilet and wash basin. Kitchen - fitted units with electric double..."
"Situated in LOUGHTON is this TWO bedroom MID TERRACE house with separate lounge, open plan kitchen/diner/family room, utility room, cloakroom, two bedrooms, family bathroom, large rear garden, OFF ROAD PARKING and plans for a loft conversion/third bedroom subject to planning permission."
"No longer built by Taylor Wimpey, it's no surprise this is one of the most popular house styles on Newton Leys. Immaculate, spacious and with a desirable layout offering a kitchen/diner at the back of the house, this home even overlooks a small lake."
Stunning bungalow located on the sought after `Poets` residential area in Newport Pagnell. This three bedroom semi detached bungalow is a real stunner. The property has been been extended by its current owners to offer fantastic accommodation and is presented to a high specification.
"A rare opportunity to acquire a detached residence close to Newport Pagnell Town Centre. This family home is offered in excellent condition, with gardens to front and rear suitable for entertaining family and friends. While already a property of good size, this home has room to extend (STPP)"
"A three bedroom detached with en suite shower room and garden room located in the Old Farm Park area of Milton Keynes, The property is situated in a cul-de-sac location and offered with no upper chain. The current seller has made improvements to the property including an enclosed roof to the cons..."
"A beautifully presented family home in a exclusive well hidden cul-de-sac in fenny Stratford. The property has been refurbished throughout to benefit from refitted kitchen, bathrooms, and much more. CALL CONNELLS TO VIEW."
"A 1930s extended brick under tile three bedroom semi detached house within walking distance of local amenities. The property has accommodation over two floors and includes an entrance hall with Herringbone flooring, and a sitting room with a bay window to the front and a fireplace with a log burn..."
Large Penthouse Apartment with a garage and off road parking. With three bedrooms this apartment is excellent if you are looking for City Centre living.
"**OFFERED WITH NO UPPER CHAIN** Set over two floors this DETACHED property offers, REFITTED KITCHEN CONSERVATORY, Living/Diner, FOUR bedrooms and REFITTED FAMILY BATHROOM, rear garden and DRIVEWAY."
*SHENLEY LODGE *4/5 BEDROOMS OR STUDY *LOVELY OUTLOOK FRONT AND REAR ASPECT *EN-SUITE WET ROOM *UTILITY ROOM *DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM *GREAT SCHOOL CATCHMENT *EASY ACCESS TO MILTON KEYNES MAIN TRAIN STATION *MODERN KITCHEN *MODERN BATHROOM 
"Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to be marketing this stunning three bedroom townhouse in the ideally situated in Central Milton Keynes, right next to Campbell Park. Situated just a short walk away from Campbell Park's views and picturesque walks, as well as being within walking dis..."
An extended detached family home situated in the sought after location of Two Mile Ash. Two Mile Ash lies to the east of Milton Keynes city centre and is well served by the A5 and A509 with the M1 and Milton Central just a short drive away.
"Thomas Connolly Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this four bedroom detached townhouse situated in the sought after location of Brooklands, which offers close proximity to M1 junction 14, Milton Keynes Coachway, Tesco Superstore and local shops and cafes. The accommodation ..."
"***SAVE UP TO £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 139 - The Harper * new, chain free & energy efficient home with a 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * open plan kitchen diner with elegant doors to garden * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * no DIY required * two parking spaces * call us!"
"This spacious four bedroom detached family home situated in Neath Hill, has been re decorated to a high standard. The ground floor accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge diner, kitchen/breakfast room and conservatory. Upstairs offers four bedrooms and the family bath..."
Situated within the highly desirable Water Eaton area of Bletchley Connells are pleased to offer for sale this well presented traditional 3 Bedroomed detached home. Sitting on a larger than average plot this property has planning permision granted to extend. CALL CONNELLS TODAY TO VIEW
"Positioned in a cul-de-sac location on the sought-after Windmill hill estate is a four-bedroom detached family home. The property boasts garage with ample parking, downstairs cloakroom, separate lounge and dining room and a four-piece suite family bathroom. Further benefits include a private low ..."
FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE - EXCELLENT CONDITION THROUGHOUT - RE-FITTED KITCHEN/DINER WITH BUILT IN OVEN & HOB - RE-FITTED UTILITY ROOM - RE-FITTED EN SUITE SHOWER - GARAGE & DRIVEWAY FOR SEVERAL VEHICLES - DOUBLE GLAZED - GAS TO RADIATOR HEATING
"The Agency Uk are pleased to offer for sale a well presented modern three/four bedroom town house, situated within this popular new development of Eagle Farm South. This popular new development is located within 5/10 minute drive to J13 M1 motorway"
"Bright and spacious apartment with access to a PATIO AREA enjoying GARDEN VIEWS. Modern kitchen, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, contemporary SHOWER ROOM and GUEST CLOAKROOM. The development offers EXCELLENT COMMUNAL FACILITIES including a restaurant, function room, landscaped gardens and communal loung..."
"An ideal family location in the much admired area of Great Holm, this home offers a wonderful family life feel with gorgeous walks on your door step. Commuting to your place of need would be a breeze with all forms of transport being easily accessible"
"Carters are delighted to offer to the market this STUNNING THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED property, situated on A Cul-De-Sac in the very desirable and established development of Furzton. It is WALKING DISTANCE TO THE PICTURESQUE FURZTON LAKE and also family Parklands are very close by. The location..."
"We are delighted to be instructed to sell this wonderfully presented three bedroom detached home. Pleasantly situated in a pleasant cul-de-sac of just a few similar properties, the house has been lovingly kept and maintained by its current owners over the years and is located within easy reach of..."
"Spacious ECO TOWNHOUSE, situated in the heart of CAMPBELL PARK. An IDEAL home for a FAMILY PASSIONATE about the ENVIRONMENT, or as a GREAT INVESTMENT! Within WALKING DISTCANCE OF CMK SHOPPING, this FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME is OFFERED CHAIN FREE, boasting FOUR BEDROOMS, TWO BATHROOMS, THREE BALCONIES..."
"** WELL PRESENTED FOUR BEDROOM MODERN FAMILY HOME** This mid terrace home benefits from a spacious kitchen/diner, cloakroom/utility room and living room. Set over three floors there are four bedrooms with an EN-SUITE to master bedroom and the family bathroom. ALLOCATED PARKING outside."
** PERIOD FEATURES ** Located on the prestigious Church Green Road is this stunning three bedroom bungalow with three reception areas and parking being offered CHAIN FREE. Built in 1888 and thought to have once been a part of the neighbouring property and used as either a ba...
"A four bedroom detached property offering a great living space within easy reach off local amenities and travel routes from Bletchley train station and Fenny Stratford as well. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, living room with French doors leading to the garden, dining room and kitchen...."
"THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME! Located on the ground floor of the two storey property is a bathroom, fully fitted Kitchen, Living/dining room and conservatory which benefits from double doors leading to the rear garden. On the first floor there are three bedrooms and the family bathroom."
The Belbury is a 3 storey 4 bedroom home located just 3 miles from Milton Keynes in a rural setting.
"A brick built three bedroom detached house with a detached double garage and parking for four cars, in a cul-de-sac on the Green Park development in Newport Pagnell. The accommodation includes a sitting room which has a dado rail, and an opening to the dining room which has double doors to the c..."
"Our superb 2 bedroom apartments at our brand new development Campbell Wharf are just minutes away from Centre MK and Milton Keynes Train Station with trains into London in just over 30 minutes! This apartment consists of an open-plan kitchen/living/dining area with terrace/balcony, plu..."
"GREAT FAMILY HOME with THREE/FOUR BEDROOMS ample living area plus LOUNGE/KITCHEN to annexe with one of the bedrooms & EN-SUITE, study/studio/office from part converted garage, OFF ROAD PARKING in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC of Green Park with GOOD SCHOOLING and local amenities plus transport links."
"Located in a quiet cul-de-sac in the ever popular Green Park development is this extended three bedroom semi-detached property with an attached one bedroom self-contained annexe and offered CHAIN FREE. Lovingly cared for throughout the accommodation comprises an entrance porch, spaciou..."
Modern three-bedroom semi-detached home with living accommodation over three floors with two parking spaces. This contemporary three-bedroom semi-detached home featuring a spacious living area to the front of the property and a modern kitchen/dining room to the rear with French doors providin...
Need space to spread out at home? The three-storey Braxton has the ideal mix of sociable zones and private sanctuaries.
Stylish and contemporary this DETACHED home has plenty of kerb appeal and is presented in IMMACULATE condition. This lovely home is BURSTING WITH LIGHT and colour and enjoys a very pretty LANDSCAPED GARDEN with GARAGE and off road PARKING.
"Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to be marketing this stunning three bedroom detached family home in the highly desirable location of Caldecotte, Milton Keynes. Located just a stone’s throw away from Caldecotte Lake's idyllic walks and falling within excellent school catchmen..."
"**FOUR BEDROOMS** Terraced well presented THREE STOREY property in Kingsmead. In brief the property consists of Kitchen, Living Room, Four bedrooms, EN-SUITE to master and family bathroom. Outside there is a LOW MAINTENANCE garden, GARAGE and DRIVEWAY."
"Presented in superb condition throughout; Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this four bedroom property in Newport Pagnell. Situated in the North of Milton Keynes, Newport Pagnell is a market town with a variety of shops as well as being easily accessible to Mil..."
"The Evesham is a three-bedroom home which includes a versatile open-plan kitchen-dining area which is ideal for entertaining, in addition to a separate light and airy living room. The main bedroom benefits from an en suite bathroom. The house is perfectly suited to modern living, featu..."
"EXTENDED and WELL PRESENTED DETACHED FAMILY HOME with GARAGE and off road parking. The property comprises of entrance hall, FAMILY ROOM, lounge/diner, MODERN KITCHEN with breakfast bar, CLOAKROOM, three bedrooms and MODERN BATHROOM, front and rear gardens. Set within a QUIET cul-de-sac."
"The Hatfield is an attractive two-storey home perfect for family life, including an open-plan kitchen-dining area ideal for entertaining, in addition to a separate living room with French doors providing ample natural light and views over the private garden. Upstairs, the main bedroom ..."
The Byron - Plot 370 is the perfect first home. Take a virtual tour today! South-west facing garden and driveway parking. 5 STAR BUILDER. The master bedroom benefits from a private en-suite shower room. 
"RARELY AVAILABLE - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION & SCHOOLING - DETACHED GARAGE - Offered for sale is this extended three bedroom detached family home situated in this sought after location. The accommodation comprises, cloakroom, kitchen/breakfast room, sitting room, dining room and study area. To th..."
"Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to be marketing this stunning corner plot semi-detached house in the highly desirable location of Brooklands, Milton Keynes. Being situated down a quiet cul-de-sac and being the corner plot at the back of the street, this property benefits from a hu..."
"Plot 129, The Makenzie, the perfect starter home for those looking for a modern property."
"*** SAVE £12,000 ON YOUR MORTGAGE FOR 1 YEAR^ *** Plot 542 * The Turner * new & chain free with a 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * OPEN-PLAN living & dining area with elegant doors to LARGE GARDEN * EN-SUITE to bedroom 1 * easy access to M1 and trains * 2 parking spaces * contact us!"
* Plot 529 * The Turner * pay NO AGENT FEES if you have a home to sell * OPEN-PLAN living & dining area with doors to SOUTH FACING GARDEN * EN-SUITE to bedroom 1 * easy access to M1 and trains * modern interior throughout * brand new & chain free home * 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind *
"With a sociable kitchen diner and 3 bedrooms, the Alton is ideal for first time buyers and families."
"OFFERED COMPLETELY CHAIN FREE this SPACIOUS three bedroom home benefits from a TOP FLOOR MASTER BEDROOM with EN SUITE, TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES, DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM and is in a NEW DEVELOPMENT which is HIGHLY DESIRABLE."
"***NEW INSTRUCTION*** Northwood are delighted to bring to the market this superb three bedroom property located in the sought after area of Stantonbury Fields, located within a short drive from central Milton Keynes and all major road and rail links with no upper chain. ***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOM..."
"An incredibly spacious, 3 Bedroom, Detached home ,perfect for a family's forever home! Being sold CHAIN FREE by our sellers. Located 0.4 Miles to Bletchley station and Outstanding schools, Colossus Way is a friendly street with access nearby to everything! EweMovie Video Tour!"
"1096 The Magnolia is a contemporary home full of great features. The impressive kitchen/dining area is a versatile space that could be used as a place to entertain. This house has a downstairs cloakroom, two upstairs bathrooms and two double bedrooms. A further single bedroom makes thi..."
* MODERN THREE BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE - UPGRADED KITCHEN & BATHROOMS * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are delighted to the favoured agents in bringing to the market this truly stunning three bedroom terraced family residence which has been very carefully maintained by its current lovin...
*** EXTENDED 4 BEDROOM FAMILY HOME IN DESIREABLE LOCATION *** Urban & Rural Newport Pagnell are pleased to bring to the market this spacious and extended 4 bedroom semi detached family home which is situated in a cul de sac on the popular 'Poets' development. Being withi...
"Connells are delighted to present a substantial four double bedroomed contemporary townhouse, perfectly located on theborder of Milton Keynes and Newport Pagnell, with a pleasant outlook onto the open space and park. The property has two large reception rooms including a large kitchen diner"
"** IMMACULATE BUNGALOW IN WEST BLETCHLEY ** Set on a generous plot in the popular location of Far Bletchley which is just a short walk from the Windmill Hill Golf Course. This beautifully presented three bedroom chalet style bungalow has a spacious 21ft entrance hallway, co..."
"Offered for sale with NO UPPER CHAIN is this very well presented DETACHED BUNGALOW situated on the popular POETS DEVELOPMENT. The property has a kitchen/diner, SHOWER ROOM, gardens, OFF ROAD PARKING and SINGLE GARAGE."
"** POTENTIAL TO EXTEND ** Located within West Bletchley is this lovely three bedroom detached property with garage which occupies a corner plot, ideal for developing (STPP). The property is immaculately presented with the accommodation comprising a spacious hallway with stai..."
"**NO UPPER CHAIN** Offering an abundance of space, this beautiful townhouse with three bedrooms and three bathrooms has the option of a further fourth bedroom or family room, offering versatile living space to suit every family."
"As good as new? Located in the new Glebe Farm development, this three bedroom detached family presents to the market in fantastic condition and benefits from the remaining NHBC warranty and Amtico flooring throughout the ground floor! Book your viewing exclusively through haart today!"
"*** FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME WITH DOUBLE GARAGE *** Located in the popular and convenient area of Passmore, this three bedroom detached family home comes with a double garage and offers flexible living accommodation."
"*** 4 BEDROOM FAMILY HOME IN THE POPULAR AREA OF OLDBROOK *** Within walking distance to both Milton Keynes town centre and the mainline railway station, this good sized four bedroom family home should be viewed to be fully appreciated."
"Offering spacious and flexible accommodation over three floors this attractive four bedroom townhouse is located within close proximity of all local amenities, including shops and schools. The property benefits from excellent access to Central Milton Keynes main line train station and shopping ce..."
"EXCITING NEW PROPERTY! Rare to the market, three bedroom detatched house on the West side of Milton Keynes. Located in Crownhill, the property has amazing school catchments and a multitude of local amenitites from local resteraunts to grocery stores. The property offers great potential to extend ..."
*** We are hosting SCHEDULED viewing APPOINTMENTS on SATURDAY 18th MARCH from 10.00am - 12.30pm : ENQUIRE via E-MAIL to REGISTER your INTEREST *** - 3 bedroom DETACHED home - MODERN kitchen & bathroom - Benefiting CLOAKROOM & CONSERVATORY - Driveway to rear & SINGLE GARAGE< (cont.)
"Carter are delighted to offer to the market this MUCH IMPROVED & SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM DETACHED property, situated on the desirable Rivers development of Bletchley. The property is a short distance from local shops, schools and other amenities, as well as being under two miles to BLETCHLEY TRAIN..."
"A stunning top luxury floor penthouse! In the heart of the City, a stones throw from CMK and Campbell Park, this swish three bedroom apartment benefits from superb fitments throughout, from the bespoke kitchen with Quartz tops to the amazing surround sound system, call today to see it for yourself!"
"Located in the popular area of Medbourne in west Milton Keynes, is this two double bedroom duplex apartment. With entry via the ground floor, you are greeted by an entrance hall, open-plan L-shaped lounge/kitchen/diner, and downstairs cloakroom. On the first floor you have the two bedrooms and th..."
Beautiful three bedroom detached home with large driveway and double garage.On the ground floor of this home is a spacious living area. The family living room has a feature fireplace and large windows allowing lots of natural light. There is also a separate dining a...
"*** FIVE BEDROOM / FIVE BATHROOM HOUSE OF MULTIPLE OCCUPANCY *** Located in Conniburrow, this property presents a ready made investment opportunity as the house will be sold with tenants in situ."
* Plot 541 * The Turner * OPEN-PLAN living & dining area with elegant doors to LARGE GARDEN * EN-SUITE to bedroom 1 * easy access to M1 and trains * two parking spaces * new & chain free home with no DIY required * get in touch for details of this home
"Lovely three-bedroom home with a partially converted garage and driveway for two cars.The entrance of the property there is a porch ideal storage space, through to the living room there are spotlights fitted and lots of natural light. The dining room has side access to the garden as wel..."
"Offering spacious and flexible accommodation throughout, this spacious semi detached townhouse is located opposite the Ouse Valley Park, just a short distance from Wolverton town centre and the historic high street of Stony Stratford. The property also benefits from excellent links to Central Mil..."
"NO UPPER CHAIN - FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED - TWO RECEPTION ROOMS - ideal family home located in Conniburrow, which is in close proximity to the amenities of Central Milton Keynes and the mainline railway station, providing regular and direct links in to London Euston."
Lovely three bedroom detached home with a garage and driveway for multiple cars.The spacious living dining room has a flow of natural light throughout and an electric feature fireplace. Off the dining room are sliding doors to the cosy conservatory and access to the modern kitchen with ...
THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM TOP FLOOR APARTMENT...IMMACULATE CONDITION...0.5 MILE TO CMK MAINLINE TRAIN STATION...WALKING DISTANCE TO POPULAR SHOPS AND RESTAURANTS...ALLOCATED PARKING...DECKED BALCONY WITH SHED...MASTER BEDROOM WITH ENSUITE...OPEN PLAN LIVING...SMART HIVE HEATING SYSTEM...
"Carters are delighted to offer this EXTENDED & WELL MAINTAINED THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE, in a set back position on the prestigious Buckingham Road. It is located within walking distance to Bletchley train station providing mainline links to London Euston within 45 minutes, as well as easy acc..."
"A detached family home situated in the sought after location of Springfield and offered with no onward chain. Springfield lies to the east of Milton Keynes Centre and is well served by the A5, A509 and A4146 with the M1 and Milton Keynes Central just a short drive away."
* THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS - 19FT MASTER BEDROOM - GARAGE & DRIVEWAY * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are delighted to the favoured agents in bringing to the market this rarely available three bedroom semi-detached family home which has been very carefully maintained by its current o...
"Featured home: BRAND NEW HOME WITH A BRAND NEW PRICE TAG! Flooring throughout Solar panels Plus extras! The Evesham is a three-bedroom home which includes a versatile open-plan kitchen-dining area which is ideal for entertaining, in addition to a separate light and airy living room. ..."
"EN SUITE | FRENCH DOORS TO GARDEN
THE MAIDSTONE is a three bedroom family home designed for modern family living. On the ground floor you will find a spacious lounge leading to a light and airy open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors that lead to the garden. Upstairs you will find two double be..."
"Offered in SHOW HOME CONDITION Alan Francis is proud to offer this amazing FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED property OVERLOOKING THE LAKE. The property benefits from a SINGLE GARAGE, ALLOACTED PARKING, PRIVATE REAR GARDEN, FOUR SPACIOUS BEDROOMS with an EN-SUITE TO THE MASTER plus a DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM."
"Carters are delighted to bring to market this IMMACULATE THREE/FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM semi detached townhouse, located on the semi rural development of Newton Leys. The area has been established with many local amenities including shops, primary school, hairdressers, and play parks. It is also a sho..."
Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom detached property situated in the sought after location on Bradwell Common. Situated in close proximity to Central Milton Keynes train station and thecentre:MK; Bradwell Common is the perfect location for anyone needing to e...
"King Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this spacious and versatile three/four double bedroom townhouse, overlooking a green area, situated in the popular location of Tattenhoe. The accommo..."
Immaculately presented three-bedroom home with parking for two cars.On the ground floor of this home is the spacious family living room and downstairs study. The stylish kitchen diner offers an open plan dining space as well as French doors to the garden. There are integrated goods to i...
"A modern three bedroom detached house with a garage and an enclosed rear garden located in the Old Farm Park area of Milton Keynes The property has approximately 766 sq. ft of accommodation set over two floors. On the ground floor there is a sitting room, a dining room with French doors to the g..."
"Step onto the property ladder in Milton Keynes with Milton Keynes Connected! We are offering an excellent opportunity for buyers if you live or work in Milton Keynes. 1132 The Hazel is a superb 3 bedroom home at Whitehouse Park priced £396,000!*. 1132 The Hazel is an attractive home..."
"Step onto the property ladder in Milton Keynes with Milton Keynes Connected! We are offering an excellent opportunity for buyers if you live or work in Milton Keynes. 1133 The Hazel is a superb 3 bedroom home at Whitehouse Park priced £396,000!*. 1133 The Hazel is an attractive home..."
"MUST BE SEEN! WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT! SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION! GARAGE & PARKING! Offered for sale is this well presented three bedroom semi detached family home situated in the popular location of Glebe Farm, Milton Keynes. The accommodation comprises, entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen, and l..."
A very well presented three storey semi detached property in the sought after area of Brooklands. Brooklands lies to the east of the city centre and is well served by the A509 and A421 with the M1 and Milton Keynes Central just a short drive away.
The Byron - Plot 341 is the perfect first home. Take a virtual tour today! South-west facing garden and driveway parking. 5 STAR BUILDER. The master bedroom benefits from a private en-suite shower room. 
"This SPACIOUS four bedroom LINK-DETACHED property has been GREATLY EXTENDED and benefits from FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, EN-SUITE TO MASTER, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS with a SINGLE GARAGE and DRIVEWAY PARKING! ENQUIRE NOW SO NOT TO MISS OUT!"
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this high specification refurbished three bedroom home situated in the sought after area of Tattenhoe south west side of Milton keynes. Accommodation comprises entrance hall, refitted downstairs cloakroom/wc, living room/dining room with French doors lea..."
* THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS - 20FT MASTER BEDROOM - HIGH SPEC KITCHEN - WALKING DISTANCE TO WOLVERTON STATION * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are excited to be the favoured agent in marketing this very well presented and spacious three double bedroom townhouse located within the highly r...
"Located in the sought-after area of Kingsmead, is this five-bedroom, end-of-terrace town house which offers flexible living space over three floors. The property boasts two reception rooms, a downstairs cloakroom, family bathroom, en-suite to main, and externally offers a fully enclosed rear gard..."
* THREE BEDROOM SEMI - OPEN PLANNED KITCHEN/DINER - SEPARATE LIVING ROOM - 1 MILE FROM WOLVERTON TRAIN STATION * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are excited to be the favoured agent in marketing this beautifully presented and spacious three bedroom semi-detached family home located wit...
*** CLOSE PROXIMITY TO CENTRAL MILTON KEYNES *** A four bedroom detached home with a garage that would make an ideal family home purchase and is located close to Central Milton Keynes and all of its amenities.
An immaculate family home offering welcomed flexibility meaning you can adapt the layout around your changing needs.
"SUPERBLY PRESENTED, in an 'as new' condition, two bedroom retirement apartment benefitting from a JULIET BALCONY over looking the COURTYARD GARDENS. Modern kitchen with BUILT IN APPLIANCES, two double bedrooms, a CONTEMPORARY WET ROOM and CLOAKROOM completes this lovely apartment. The development..."
"This BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FAMILY HOME benefits from a SPACIOUS CONSERVATORY, DRIVEWAY PARKING for THREE/FOUR VEHICLES, SINGLE GARAGE, UTILITY ROOM, STORE ROOM and a DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM. The property also boasts a PRIVATE REAR GARDEN with rear access to the GARAGE and is within close proximity t..."
FOUR BEDROOM EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME....1259 SQ FT....NO UPPER CHAIN.....RECENTLY REFURBISHED....WALTON HIGH SCHOOL CATCHMENT....GARAGE CONVERSION/BEDROOM TWO (14`4 x 7`10 max)...GROUND FLOOR SHOWER ROOM...LOUNGE/DINER (23`4 x 11`4 max)...KITCHEN (14`5 x 10`10 max)
Lovely three bedroom detached home with a part converted garage and driveway for two cars.To the right of the entrance hall are the double doors to the spacious L-shaped family living dining room with lots of natural light flowing throughout. Off the dining room are the sliding doors to...
"Carters are delighted to offer to the market this ESTABLISHED THREE BEDROOM LINK DETACHED property, BACKING ON TO A FIELD, situated on the desirable Rivers development of Bletchley. The property is within close proximity to amenities including shops, schools and bus routes as well as having easy ..."
"A truly unique three bedroom penthouse in Central Milton Keynes with a garage and parking.Situated on the top floor of the popular Eaton Mews development, the apartment occupies the corner of the building, and overlooks North Thirteenth Street and North RowThe accommodation compr..."
*** MUST BE VIEWED *** This three bedroom semi detached home in Neath Hill offers a unique layout that must be viewed to be fully appreciated.
*** WELL PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM HOME *** Located in the popular area of Blue Bridge is this well presented three bedroom family home that should be viewed to be fully appreciated.
CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this STUNNING FAMILY HOME that benefits from a stylish extended lounge/dining room with BI-FOLDING DOORS leading onto an attractive low maintenance rear garden This immaculately presented family home consists of a spacious open plan lounge/dinin...
** COMPLETE CHAIN ** Built in 2018 and located within the ever popular Newton Leys development is this immaculate three bedroom detached property with garage. The accommodation is split over three floors and comprises; an entrance hallway with stairs to first floor; stunning...
"Carters are delighted to bring to market this well presented THREE BEDROOM DETACHED family home, situated on the desirable semi rural development of Newton Leys. The property is within walking distance of WILLOW LAKE as well as being within close proximity to the A5/A421, Leighton Buzzard bypass,..."
Classic Styling in a Historic Location! A beautifully presented three bedroom Victorian style home in the old railway town of Wolverton. With a beautifully refitted kitchen/breakfast room and four piece bathroom; this classic property oozes charm and character
"IMMACULATE two bedroom retirement apartment benefitting from a spacious living room, MODERN KITCHEN, two DOUBLE BEDROOMS with FITTED WARDROBES and a CONTEMPORARY wet room. The development offers EXCELLENT COMMUNAL FACILITIES including landscaped gardens, dining room and communal lounge where SOCI..."
"MUST BE SEEN! IDEAL FAMILY HOME! SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION! GARAGE! Offered for sale is this well presented throughout three bedroom semi detached family home situated in this much sought after location of Newton Leys. The accommodation comprises, entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen/diner an..."
This beautifully presented family home offers spacious accommodation with allocated parking. Sitting within the sought after area of Broughton. BE QUICK TO CALL CONNELLS TO ARRANGE A VIEWING!
***SHARED OWNERSHIP***Stylish two bedroom shared ownership home with parking for two cars. On the ground floor of this home is the spacious family living room and open plan kitchen diner fitted with integrated appliances. Off the kitchen is the back door to the garden and downstairs clo...
"No Above Chain. Situated in the established residential area of Bradwell is this three bedroom end of terrace house set with a cul-de-sac. The property offers accommodation to include a lounge, kitchen, study/family room, downstairs shower room, three bedrooms and a bathroom."
"Cauldwell are delighted to offer for sale this MODERN FOUR BEDROOM HOME situated in the popular location of Oxley Park on the western flank of Milton Keynes. Oxley Park offers many local amenities including various shops, takeaways and a Tesco Express and only within a short walk to the countrys..."
"Carters are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented three DOUBLE bedroom terraced home with parking for two cars. To the ground floor there is a cloakroom, separate lounge, through to the L-shaped and spacious, modern kitchen dining with integrated appliances and access t..."
"Located on a quiet side street and only a short walk from the parks and lake, this modern family home has three double bedrooms and an impressive master suite - ideal for parents who crave their own space."
"A Victorian three bedroom terraced cottage with two reception rooms, a conservatory and an enclosed courtyard garden, in a village location 0.5 miles from Duke of Bedford woodland. This property has 820 sq. ft. of accommodation including on the ground floor; a sitting room, a dining room, a fitte..."
"This FABULOUS FAMILY home boasts a MODERN INTERIOR, OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER, EN SUITE to MASTER BEDROOM, DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM, COSY LOUNGE, PRIVATE REAR GARDEN with PATIO and DECKING, plus ALLOCATED PARKING for TWO VEHICLES."
"Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to be marketing this spacious and accommodating semi-detached house in the sought after location of Oakhill, Milton Keynes. Situated on the west side of Milton Keynes, this deceptively spacious three bedroom house is an ideal family home with next t..."
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer to offer for sale this well presented three bedroom DETACHED house in the sought after location of Furzton. This wonderful house briefly comprises; entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, kitchen/dining room with French doors leading to the rear garden, lounge, first..."
"M & M Properties are delighted to offer for sale with NO UPPER CHAIN, THIS MUCH IMPROVED THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE WITH TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES AND BALCONY VIEWS OVER OPEN GREENERY, situated in the highly desirable Campbell Park in the heart of the city of Milton Keynes. The p..."
"Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this fantastic three bedroom semi-detached house in the rarely available location of Redhouse Park. Despite only being built for a few years; the property has been extensively refurbished to include a fully fitted kitchen, re-f..."
"This EXTENDED and COMPLETELY REFURBISHED four bedroom house in the popular Hodge Lea area features light and versatile living spaces ideal for family living, four great sized bedrooms, a single garage, and an ensuite to bedroom one."
"A modern three bedroom townhouse with roof terrace built by Messrs Barratt Homes within five minutes drive from amenities in Stony Stratford. The property has 1,105 sq. ft. of accommodation over three floors which includes an entrance hall, a cloakroom, a double bedroom with an en suite shower ro..."
*** DETACHED HOME CLOSE TO CITY CENTRE & RAILWAY STATION *** This three bedroom detached home sits on a good plot in the popular and sought after area of Bradwell Common.
 Gorgeous three-bedroom end of terrace house for sale with a garage and driveway for two cars.On the ground floor of this home is the family living room with an electric feature fireplace and French doors to the garden. The modern kitchen has integrated goods to include; an oven wi...
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale impressive four/five bedroom family home (accommodation over three floors), situated in the popular location of Kingsmead with a pleasant aspect to the front overlooking a green. The property comprises ground floor accommodation of downstairs cloakroom, ..."
"This 3-bedroom, link-detached family home is located in the sought-after neighbourhood of Giffard Park and offers convenient off-road parking, a single garage, a spacious backyard, and no upper chain. As you enter the home, you are greeted by the entrance hall which features a convenient Hive ..."
"A fully refurbished five bedroom property which is situated in the heart of Bletchley. This property has been modernised throughout whilst retaining some of the original character features. The accommodation in brief comprises; entrance hall, sitting room, family room, dining area, fitted kitchen..."
* LARGE THREE BEDROOM TOWN HOUSE * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * THREE BATHROOMS * OFF ROAD PARKING * URBAN & RURAL MK are delighted to offer this spacious three bedroom townhouse this truly stunning three bedroom family home nestled within Fairfields. Fairfields is a newly developed esta...
"Thomas Connolly Estate Agents are delighted to present this three bedroom, semi-detached property situated in the popular location of Bletchley, within close proximity to primary schools, a 15 minute walk to the local train station, or a 15 minute drive to Central MK.The accommodat..."
"THE MAIDSTONE is an ideal family home, designed with plenty of space for modern living. The ground floor has a dual-aspect lounge and open-plan kitchen with dining area and French doors leading to the garden. On the first floor are two double bedrooms, with an en suite to the master, a single bed..."
"**THREE BEDROOMS** Three storey family home in Oxley Park with many benefits including, bedrooms with BALCONIES, Master bedroom with EN-SUITE, a LOW MAINTENANCE rear garden, plus ALLOCATED PARKING. Viewing is highly recommended to appreciate this well presented family home."
"Situated in Ardwell Lane, GREENLEYS is this THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE with family bathroom, shower room, entrance hall, cloakroom, living room with open plan dining room and coal effect gas fireplace, CONSERVATORY, kitchen with utility room, DETACHED SINGLE GARAGE, off road parking for five cars."
"The accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, lounge /dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, downstairs bathroom, first floor landing, three bedrooms, bathroom, second floor landing, loft converted bedroom four, front and rear gardens plus off road for two cars."
*** INVESTMENT BUYERS ONLY DUE TO AN EXISTING TENANCY AGREEMENT *** CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this modern three bedroom end of terrace home in the sought after location of Middleton which benefits from a CONSERVATORY and a SINGLE GARAGE. This house briefly comprises: entrance hal...
"This charming three bedroom detached home, is one of only a few on the development. With lovely views of the green space out the front and of course Jubilee Lake. This is not one to be missed."
LARGE CORNER PLOT - TWO BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE CURRENTLY RENTED AT £1400 PCM - MASSIVE POTENTIAL WITH FULL PLANNING FOR REAR EXTENSION AND DOUBLE STORY SIDE EXTENSION. PLEASE CALL OR EMAIL FOR FURTHER DETAILS
"- 3 DOUBLE BEDROOM modern TOWN HOUSE - EN SUITE shower room to bed 1 - Benefiting STUDY & LANDSCAPED GARDEN - GATED ACCESS to CAR PORT & parking area - Close proximity of TRAIN STATION : (Price Guiding : £375,000 - £400,000) Alexander Lawrence Estate Agents have t (cont.)"
"TUCKED AWAY CUL-DE-SAC SETTING! FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME! WRAP AROUND PLOT! RARELY AVAILABLE! Offered for sale is this four bedroom detached family home situated in this tucked away quiet setting, yet closely positioned within a short drive to the town centre. The accommodation comprises, en..."
*** TOWN HOUSE CLOSE TO CENTRAL MILTON KEYNES - INVESTORS ONLY *** Located in the popular area of Oldbrook is this five bedroom townhouse offered in great condition and with no onward chain.
"Offering spacious and flexible accommodation throughout, this extended four bedroom semi detached property offers excellent links to Central Milton Keynes main line train station and shopping centre. The accommodation in brief comprises: entrance porch, entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen..."
*** MODERN TOWNHOUSE *** Located in Ashland this three bedroom property offers flexible living accommodation over three storeys with a top floor dedicated to the primary suite.
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a stunning three bedroom end of terrace home with an EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOM, situated within this popular new development Eagle Farm South. This impressive property boasts an attractive enclosed rear garden with decking and a driveway. Accommodation comprise..."
*** Ousedale Catchment - 3 Bed With Ample Parking *** Urban & Rural Newport Pagnell are pleased to offer to the market this much improved and spacious 3 bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated in a cul de sac and within the Ousedale School catchment area. The...
"GREAT FAMILY HOME spread over three floors offering GOOD SIZE BEDROOMS and LIVING AREAS with SEPARATE LOUNGE, dining/STUDY, EN-SUITE & CLOAKROOM, two CAR PORTS and is situated close to local countryside walks, Newport Pagnell and easy access to M1 and MKs Transport links including CMK Train station."
"This amazing home has a rear extension creating a second living space which can be flexible to suit your family’s changing needs. Whether it be an entertaining space to host friends or family, or a family room this home is sure to be a hit with everyone."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a two bedroom barn conversion set in a quiet courtyard in a conservation area within Milton Keynes Village.Upon entering the barn you are met by a sweeping open plan living area, with feature high level triangular window, high ceilings and beams, this cent..."
"The Grovier, three bedroom home designed with imaginative layouts for flexible, modern living - available with just a 5% deposit with Help To Buy, book a 1-2-1 appointment. Contemporary Elevation. Rear garden and off-road parking. 9 out of 10 of our customers would reco..."
"*** FIVE BEDROOM / FIVE BATHROOM HOUSE OF MULTIPLE OCCUPANCY *** Located in Fishermead, this property presents a ready made investment opportunity as the house will be sold with tenants in situ."
- 3 bedroom END TERRACED home - MODERN kitchen / bathroom - Benefiting CLOAKROOM & CONSERVATORY - SINGLE GARAGE & driveway to rear - Easy access to A421 / A5 TRANSPORT LINKS : Alexander Lawrence Estate Agents are pleased to bring to market this three bedroom end terra (cont.)
3 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH A CONVERTED ANNEX This 3 bedroom semi detached house has been extended to the rear of the property providing the addition of a Sun Room allowing rays of light in to the spacious kitchen/diner and a one bedroom ground floor annex with wet room. The ground f...
"**RARELY AVAILABLE & BACK ON THE MARKET** SellMyHome are proud to present to market this fantastic three bedroom, semi detached property situated in the sought after location of Shenley Brook End. This ideal family home briefly comprises welcoming hallway, cloakroom/WC, kitche..."
"A three bedroom link-detached property, situated in this popular area Milton Keynes, being sold with NO UPPER CHAIN, the accommodation comprises entrance hall, cloakroom, living room, kitchen / dining room on the ground floor with three bedrooms and the bathroom on the first floor, garage, parking."
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this well presented three bedroom terraced home, in the picturesque village of Woolstone (close proximity to Central Milton Keynes and the mainline train station). This rarely available house briefly comprises; entrance hall, living room with wood burner..."
*** DETACHED HOME CLOSE TO THE CITY CENTRE *** A three bedroom link detached property that would make an ideal family home and located in the popular area of Downs Barn.
"A charming three bedroom family house. Downstairs, large feature windows ensure the living space is flooded with natural light, while the open-plan kitchen/dining room is sure to become the heart of the home."
A well presented and extended semi detached home situated in a cul de sac in the sought after area of Hodge Lea. Hodge Lea lies to the south of Wolverton and west of Milton Keynes and is well served by the A5 with Wolverton Station and Milton Keynes Central just a short drive away.
"A immaculately presented 3 bedroom semi detached house on this popular development with a garage, carport and attractive views over playing fields to the rear. The property has had a number of improvements carried out by the owner in recent times and has accommodation set on two floors c..."
"TOTAL FLOOR AREA - 95 Sq.m. A very well presented and much improved three bedroom extended 1930s style property offering a modern and open plan re-fitted kitchen, living and dining area. The property further benefits from a separate lounge, downstairs cloakroom, UPVC double glazing, repla (cont.)"
"A well proportioned two bedroom semi detached property benefiting from off road parking, garage and large enclosed rear gardens. It offers well proportioned living accommodation and is offered for sale with no upper chain. "
"- 3 bedroom SEMI DETACHED home - MODERN cloakroom / kitchen / bathroom - GENEROUS rear garden - SINGLE GARAGE & driveway to side - EASY ACCESS of A421 / M1 transport links : (Price Guiding : £375,000 - £400,000) Alexander Lawrence Estate Agents are pleased to br (cont.)"
* CLOSE TO STATION ** Located in the ever popular and historic Bletchley Park is this lovely four bedroom townhouse with parking. Well cared for by the current owners the accommodation comprises an entrance hallway with storage; spacious lounge with feature electric fireplac...
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this vastly improved extended family home, situated within the popular Furzton area (close proximity to Furzton lake). The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hall, lounge, refitted kitchen/breakfast room with integrated appliances, dining room, fir..."
"Thomas Connolly Estate Agents are delighted to present this three bedroom end of terrace property situated on the Kingston Chase Development of Broughton, within close proximity to local shops and amenities.The accommodation briefly comprises; an entrance hall, cloakroom, sitting r..."
"TOTAL FLOOR AREA - 89 Sq.m. A well presented three bedroom semi detached property situated in a cul-de-sac location and offered for sale with no upper chain. The property benefits from a re-fitted kitchen, double glazed conservatory, double glazed windows, gas to radiator heating via repla (cont.)"
THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED EXTENDED FAMILY HOME..1119 SQ FT...GARAGE & DRIVEWAY...SOUTH/WEST FACING PRIVATE REAR GARDEN WITH SWIMMING POOL...A MILE TO BLETCHLEY MAINLINE TRAIN STATION...TWO RECEPTION ROOMS...OUTBUILDING/OFFICE (9`5 x 5`8 max)...DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM...REFITTED KITCHEN BREAKFAST ROOM
"With an ABOVE AVERAGE SIZE REAR GARDEN, this well loved, high ceiling, traditional style three bedroomed family home is located in the sought after area of Cottingham Grove, POETS AREA in Bletchley. It's an ideal first time buy, or a family home or as an investment opportunity."
"OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO UPPER CHAIN! An exceptionally well presented, two bedroom retirement apartment INCLUDING PRIVATE PARKING SPACE, located close to the Town Centre. Specifically for the over 70's. The accommodation comprises of lounge with balcony, kitchen, two double bedrooms one with buil..."
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a modern three bedroom family home, situated within the popular market town Newport Pagnell (close proximity to junction 14 M1). The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance, downstairs cloakroom, quality fitted open plan kitchen/diner with integrated appl..."
"Situated in a cul de sac location within close proximity to all local amenities including shops and schools, this well presented three bedroom semi detached house also offers excellent links junctions 13 and 14 of the M1 motorway. The accommodation in brief comprises; entrance hall, cloakroom, lo..."
"Located on the Roses estate in Bletchley is this four bedroom extended semi-detached home. The property features a lounge, refitted kitchen/diner, downstairs cloakroom, utility room, downstairs bedroom and a fully enclosed rear garden. The upstairs accommodation features a further three bedrooms ..."
"Carters are delighted to offer to the market this WELL PRESENTED BAY FRONTED 1930's THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED property, situated on a NON ESTATE location in Far Bletchley. It offers convenient access to the Bletchley train station with a direct route to London Euston, as well as being within ea..."
"CUL-DE-SAC SETTING! LINK DETACHED! OPEN PARKLAND! SOUGHT AFTER SCHOOLING! Offered for sale is this well presented three bedroom detached family home situated in this most sought after location. The accommodation comprises, entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner and conservatory. To the first flo..."
"Situated in a cul de sac location within close proximity of all local amenities including shops and schools, as well as offering excellent access to CMK's main line train station and shopping centre. The accommodation in brief comprises; entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen/diner, first floo..."
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom semi detached which has been tastefully enhanced to suit the modern family. The property is located within the popular area of Downhead Park only a short walk from the Grand Union Canal. Accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hall, d..."
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a FOUR BEDROOM family home, situated within the popular Pennyland area (close proximity to the Grand Union Canal and Central Milton Keynes). The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom/wc, refitted dual aspect kitchen/d..."
"GREAT FAMILY HOME with three/FOUR BEDROOMS or study/family room, LOUNGE/DINER, kitchen, family bathroom, front & REAR GARDENS, off road parking and GARAGE with access from garden, wooden cabin(office/gym) with hard wired internet. Set in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC close to local amenities and SCHOOLS."
* THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME - QUIET CUL DE SAC LOCATION - DRIVEWAY & GARAGE * Urban & Rural are proud to have received instructions in marketing this perfect family home which has been carefully maintained throughout by its current loving owners. The property is situated...
"A brick built three bedroom semi detached bungalow with a garage and off street parking, situated in the market town of Newport Pagnell. The accommodation includes a sitting room with a feature fireplace and sliding doors to the conservatory which has double doors to the rear garden. There is al..."
*** THREE BEDROOM HOME A SHORT DISTANCE FROM CENTRAL MILTON KEYNES *** This three bedroom home offers excellent access into the city centre and is also nearby to Milton Keynes Central railway station.
* THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED - DOUBLE DRIVEWAY - ENSUITE & CLOAKROOM * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are delighted to offer this stunning three bedroom family home which has been carefully maintained and improved by its current owners to provide modern living accommodation thro...
"A well presented end of terraced home located in a cul de sac location in the sought after location of Bletchley. Bletchley lies to the south of Milton Keynes and is well served by the A5, A421 and A4146 with Bletchley station just a short walk away."
** CHAIN FREE ** Located in the ever popular Roses Development is this immaculate three bedroom link link detached property with garage and the added benefit of being sold CHAIN FREE. Well kept throughout the accommodation comprises an entrance porch; hallway; spacious loung...
A well presented end of terraced home situated in the sought after location of Blue Bridge. Blue Bridge is situated north west of Milton Keynes town centre and to the east of Wolverton and is well serviced by the A5 and A422 with Wolverton station and Milton Keynes Central just a short drive away.
"An impeccably presented, two double bedroom apartment a short walk from Caldecotte Lake being sold with no upward chain. This very stylish home has been finished to an extremely high standard with programmable, intelligent lighting systems, high specification appliances, marble worktops a..."
"The accommodation briefly comprises; Entrance hallway, downstairs cloakroom, kitchen/dining with French doors leading to the rear garden, dual aspect living room, three bedrooms, EN-SUITE shower room, family bathroom and outside there is a double width driveway."
** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FAMILY HOME ** 3 bedroom mid terrace property. Extended to rear to create large living/dining area. Modern kitchen with range of built in appliances. Modern flooring throughout with under-floor heating downstairs. Backs on to allotments with parking to the front.
"RE/MAX Milton Keynes are delighted to offer to the market this three bedroom family home with NO UPPER CHAIN. This three bedroom home owned since new offers a perfect home for those climbing the ladder or those even looking to get on, with potential to extend and already superb living accommodati..."
"Situated in the highly desired Bletchley Park area is this spacious 3 bedroom semi-detached property. Spread over two floors accomodation briefly comprises entrance hall, living room, kitchen/diner, WC, three bedrooms, en-suite, family bathroom and private rear garden"
"GREAT FAMILY HOME with SEPARATE LOUNGE, conservatory, RECENTLY FITTED MODERN KITCHEN/diner, front & rear gardens, off road parking & GARAGE with RECENTLY FITTED GAS CENTRAL HEATING & DOUBLE GLAZING and is set quiet CUL-DE-SAC with Portfields & OUSEDALE SCHOOLING."
"Having been greatly improved by the current owners and offering very well presented accommodation is this SEMI-DETACHED family home situated close to SCHOOLS & RIVERSIDE WALKS. The property has a REFITTED KITCHEN & BATHROOM, OPEN PLAN LIVING, CAR PORT, PARKING & GARDEN."
"THREE BEDROOM HOME situated in a popular location within close proximity to good schools, Bletchley TOWN CENTRE and TRAIN STATION. Ideally located for commute to Bletchley, Milton Keynes or further beyond. Ideal 1st time buy, or a family home or as an investment opportunity. CALL CONNELLS TO VIEW"
"Thomas Connolly Estate Agents are delighted to present this two bedroom link detached house situated in the sought after location of Oakgrove, within popular school catchment and local amenities including Waitrose & Costa Coffee.The accommodation in brief comprises; ground..."
"We are delighted to be instructed to sell this significantly extended and wonderfully spacious two bedroom semi-detached bungalow. Situated on the ever popular Tattenhoe Lane in Far Bletchley, the property comes with the additional benefits of a single garage and a rear garden in the region of 20..."
"That sought after family upgrade? Located away from the road on a quiet footpath, this three bedroom semi detached property comes complete with open plan lounge diner, cloakroom, off road parking and a sumptuous master bedroom with ensuite! Call haart to book tour viewing today"
"* Email Only*GUIDE PRICE £350,000-£360,000 4 Double Bedroom House* CITY CENTRE LOCATION*Fabulous home or Investment Opportunity* See Video tour. Email only*"
"*** FLEXIBLE LIVING OVER THREE FLOORS *** A four bedroom townhouse conveniently located in Conniburrow, which is a short distance from both the city centre and the mainline railway station."
"This extended three bedroom semi deatched property is being offered for sale with no upper chain. The accommodation comprises living room, dining area, family room and kitchen. On the first floor there are three bedrooms and a family bathroom, there is a also a converted loft. T..."
"** CHAIN FREE ** Located in the ever popular Racecourses development is this lovely three bedroom semi-detached with garage with the added benefit of being offered chain free. Immaculately presented throughout, the accommodation comprises an entrance hallway leading into a g..."
"**ANOTHER SOLD PRIOR TO MARKETING** 4 bedroom townhouse. ECO home with features such as triple glazing and an air filtering system. Bright, spacious and versatile accommodation. 2 bathrooms, 2 balconies and gated parking."
A versatile family home offering large living spaces and benefiting from a south-west facing rear garden and off street parking for up to two vehicles. The property has been tastefully extended to create larger living spaces and the addition of a utility room and downstairs cloakroom.
"Situated in a quiet no through road, in close proximity to the Grand Union Canal, this three bedroom bungalow presents to the market having undergone refurbishment and further benefitting from two ensuites, off road parking, gardens front and rear, and without the complication of an upper chain!"
** CHAIN FREE ** Located within the popular Castles development overlooking the green is this fantastic three bedroom semi-detached property with garage and the bonus of being offered CHAIN FREE and potential to extend (STPP). The current owners have modernised the property ...
"An immaculate two double bedroom semi detached property on the Castles estate. The property is extended to front offering a downstairs cloakroom and continues to boast lounge, conservatory, kitchen and access to the garage.  Further benefits include a south facing rear garden and off road p..."
"** DETACHED FAMILY HOME** benefiting from THREE BEDROOMS, LIVING/DINER. FRONT and REAR gardens. Good school catchment area with easy access to Central Milton Keynes Shopping Centre, Bus and Rail stations."
"NO UPPER CHAIN... The accommodation comprises Entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen / diner and separate lounge. First floor comprises - Three bedrooms with ensuite to master and a family bathroom. Outside the property offers both front and rear gardens and off road parking."
*** FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME *** Located in the convenient area of Heelands is this well presented four bedroom family home.
"We are proud to offer this Three Bedroom Mid Terrace Town House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £350,000 - £365,000*"
*** THREE / FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME WITH NO CHAIN *** Offering flexible living accommodation this detached family home is being sold by the modern method of auction process.
*** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** A four bed home plus self contained accommodation that is located a short distance from the city centre and mainline railway station.
"A beautifully presented home that could be extended SSTP in the Saints area of West Bletchley local to fantastic schools. With off road parking for multiple vehicles, an outbuilding for storage and a fantastic garden. Internally there is a Kitchen/Diner, Lounge, WC, 3 Bedrooms and family bathroom"
"TOTAL FLOOR AREA - 127 Sq.m. A substantially improved three-bedroom period property situated in a sought after location overlooking the local tennis courts. The property benefits from replacement UPVC double glazed windows, re-fitted kitchen with breakfast area and a single garage to the re (cont.)"
**READY TO PUT YOUR OWN STAMP ON IT** A 3 bedroom link detached property set within a cul-de-sac. Offered for sale with no upper chain. Driveway to the side provides parking and give access to the attached garage.
"A BAY FRONTED THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED family home, situated in a NON ESTATE location on the desirable Water Eaton Road of Bletchley. It is located within easy reach of the town centre, schooling and within walking distance to Bletchley train station, providing mainline links to London Euston ..."
"** PERFECT LOCATION** Venture Residential are pleased to offer to the market this immaculate three bedroom home based in the popular area of Medbourne in Milton Keynes, conveniently located close to Hazeley school. This delightful townhouse property consists of: Entrance hall, downstairs..."
"** VIEWING RECOMMENDED ** Pleasantly situated in the popular area of Fairfields. Along with it's three bedrooms, this family home benefits from a modern fitted kitchen/diner, WC, spacious living room, family bathroom and private parking for two cars."
** NEWTON LEYS ** Located in the ever popular Newton Leys is this stunning three bedroom property with garage. Well presented throughout the accommodation is set over three floors and comprises; kitchen finished in black gloss units with granite effect worktops with space fo...
"Your new family home? Located close to CMK and Campbell Park, this well presented three bedroom semi benefits from a cloakroom, conservatory, separate dining room, garage, off road parking and landscaped gardens, viewing is a must, book your appointment through haart estate agents"
"A deceivingly large three double bedroomed family home, with completed onward chain.The property benefits from open planned living to the ground floor, ample parking and cul-de-sac location. This family home is in show-home condition and is available to view now."
* STUNNING THREE BEDROOM TERRACED HOME WITHIN FAIRFIELDS - READY TO MOVE STRAIGHT INTO * URBAN & RURAL MK are delighted to be the favoured agent in marketing this stunning three bedroom mid-terrace family home located down a quiet and traffic free cul-de-sac nestled within Fairfie...
"Situated in WOLVERTON is this THREE bedroom MID-TERRACE house completely refurbished throughout, with living, kitchen/diner, EN-SUITE to master bedroom, family bathroom, rear garden with OFF ROAD PARKING and ideal for first time buyers or investor."
"***SAVE UP TO £18,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 68 - The Hanslope * perfect starter home * new & chain free home with a 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * OPEN PLAN living & dining room with elegant French doors to the garden * two parking spaces * get in touch for details!"
"*** FOUR BEDROOM HOME IN OLDBROOK *** Located in a popular and sought after area, this property offers excellent access into the town centre and would make an ideal family home."
"GREAT FAMILY HOME with SEPARATE LOUNGE & DINING plus CONSERVATORY, three bedrooms and shower room, GENEROUS REAR GARDEN, with garage and OFF ROAD PARKING. Situated on the popular POETS ESTATE close to amenities and TRAIN STATION plus good schooling."
"**POTENTIAL TO EXTEND FURTHER** Already extended to front, also had planning to extend to rear. Accommodation includes a 23' Kitchen/Dining Room, Downstairs Cloakroom and an En-suite Shower Room. Enclosed front garden and a large rear garden."
"A well presented, three bedroom semi detached house in Bletchley being sold with no onward chain, This property has is on a great sized plot with a large front and rear garden, aswell as three recepti..."
"A well-presented, three storey ,three-bedroom end of terrace on the popular area of Newton Leys. The ground floor comprises of kitchen with integrated appliances, lounge and downstairs cloakroom. On the first level you have bedrooms two and three with family bathroom and on the top level a genero..."
"The Property
Located in the popular Monkston area of Milton Keynes is this very well presented three bedroom semi detached family home. In full the property comprises: entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, two bedrooms and bathroom on first floor, converted loft which gives a superb master bedroo..."
Oyster Properties are proud to present this 4-bedroom town house situated in the heart of Campbell Park and within a short walk to Milton Keynes town centre. The ground floor comprises of an entrance hallway and downstairs bedroom with built in wardrobes. First floor offers spacious Kitchen/Dinin...
"Offered with a completed chain, in excellent condition. This flexible property has room to extend/remodel, or keep in current state. 3-4 reception rooms, including a versatile utility room and conservatory. In addition, the property benefits from a generous garden and ample parking."
"Connells offer for sale this rarely available four bedroom three storey semi detached ECO home in the popular area of Oxley Park. The property comprises of entrance hall, kitchen/diner and W.C/UTILITY, two bathrooms, gated parking, front and rear gardens with GARDEN OFFICE."
"Carters are delighted to offer to the market this very well presented THREE BEDROOM DETACHED family home, located on the highly desirable RACECOURSES estate in Bletchley. The location gives convenient access to the Bletchley train station with a direct route to London Euston, as well as being wit..."
"Located in the highly popular Racecourse development a lovely 3 bedroom detached that offers great family accommodation with refitted kitchen diner, lounge conservatory and Parking. To arrange an appointment to view please call the elevation team."
"This STYLISH three bedroom detached home has been RECENTLY RENOVATED throughout offering a RE-FITTED KITCHEN & BATHROOM, a ADDED CONSERVATORY to the rear and comes with DRIVEWAY PARKING. ENQUIRE NOW BEFORE IT IS TOO LATE!"
"***SAVE UP TO £18,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Plot 91 - The Hanslope * cul de sac location * new, chain free & energy efficient home * OPEN PLAN living & dining room with doors to garden * 2 parking spaces * ideal for first time buyers * 10 year NHBC warranty * call us today!"
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND D We are delighted to offer to the market this pleasant 4-bedroom end of terrace house on Worth Court in Monkston offering no upper chain. The property offers a well-adapted, spacious layout supporting a wide array of individual or collec..."
"Situated on Water Eaton Road in Bletchley is this Grade II listed, four bedroom detached home. The property boasts a lounge, dining room, refitted kitchen, downstairs cloakroom and a study. The upstairs accommodation comprises four double bedrooms and a family bathroom. Further benefits include a..."
"Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to be marketing this beatuiful three bedroom family home situated in close proximity to Central Milton Keynes. The property is located in the residential estate of Bradville and briefly comprimises of; Entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, first floor la..."
"1078 The Hawthorn is a contemporary two bedroom home which is exceptional in so many ways. The light, airy open-plan kitchen/dining area opens through French doors to a private rear garden, giving you plenty of room to relax and entertain friends. There's even a cloakroom for your gu..."
Spaces marked for specific appliances in the kitchen may be designed for integrated models only. Please ask sales consultant for details. This floorplan has been produced for illustrative purposes only. Room sizes shown are between arrow points as indicated on plan. The dimensions ...
"* McCARTHY STONE* STUNNING NEW RETIREMENT VILLAGE PROPERTIES * TWO BEDROOM APARTMENTS RANGING IN STYLES, SIZES AND PRICE * IN HOUSE MANAGEMENT SERVICE * AVAILABLE NOW * CALL FOR FURTHER DETAILS * If you're looking to retire to a tranquil community while remaining within easy reach of..."
***GATED PARKING TO THE REAR*** A modernised two bedroom detached bungalow situated on the popular Whalley drive in Bletchley . This property is within a short walk to Bletchley mainline train station and is ideal for the London Commute. The property has been improved by the current owners with a...
"*** No Upper Chain *** Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to be marketing this three bedroom link detached house situated in a cul-de-sac location in the residential location of Crownhill. Close to all local amenities including shops and schools, this delightful three bedro..."
**Extended Three Bedroom Semi-Detached**Chain Free**Garage & Driveway**Utility Room & Downstairs WC**Easy Access to Bletchley & Milton Keynes**London Mainline Trainlinks** Highlights include:-entrance hall leading to a comfortable living room. Kitchen/diner with double doors leading onto the rea...
"An exceptionally well presented Victorian two bedroom family home located on the popular Horsefair Green. Offered for sale with tenants in situ. Having been tastefully modernised, the accomodation comprises: Lounge/diner, quality fitted kitchen, on the first floor there's a luxury bathroom with r..."
"A deceptively spacious FOUR BEDROOM TERRACED HOME located in the popular residential area of Neath Hill. the area benefits from local schooling and shops with easy access to Milton Keynes Central, Blakelands & Tongwell. The accommodation comprises of hall, downstairs w.c, fitted kitchen, lounge, se"
LEADERS are pleased to announce this AMAZING 2 BED APARTMENT great for INVESTORS and a great purchase TO LIVE situated in the stunning area of Caldecotte. This LAKESIDE apartment is EXTRMELEY SPACIOUS with an open plan lounge/kitchen and dining area which backs onto a balcony with an amazin...
"The Lavender is a wonderful home, with TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and located in the popular area of Wavendon! Call now to book your appointment so you don't miss out!"
"WELL PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM HOME* Set over two floors this mid terraced property offers kitchen, living room, CLOAKROOM, three bedrooms, family bathroom, front and rear gardens, GARAGE and DRIVEWAY. Call Connells Oxley Park today to arrange your viewing."
"We have been invited by ExtraCare Charitable Trust to offer a selection of 1 & 2 bedroom apartments in their highly sought after retirement villages in Lovat Fields & Shenley Wood, Milton Keynes. Your enquiry will be passed to ExtraCare Personnel with your consent"
"* SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED - EXTENDED WITH GUEST CLOAKROOM & CONSERVATORY - QUIET CUL DE SAC * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are excited to be the favoured agent in marketing this very well presented three bedroom semi-detached family home nestle down a quiet, safe an..."
"FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME set in quiet CUL-DE-SAC close to GREEN PARK & OUSEDALE SCHOOLS. Comprising of porch, LOUNGE/DINER, kitchen, three bedrooms & family bathroom, OFF ROAD PARKING & GARAGE, close to local amenities and transport links. NO UPPER CHAIN."
"Situated in a cul de sac location within close proximity of all local amenities including shops and schools, this three bedroom semi detached house set in the south east of the city also offers excellent links to CMK's main line train station and shopping centre. The accommodation in brief compri..."
"Offered for sale with no above chain is this three bedroom terraced house situated on the `Green Park` residential area of Newport Pagnell. The property benefits from a lounge,dining room, kitchen and conservatory to the ground floor, to the first floor are three bedrooms and the family bathroom."
"TOTAL FLOOR AREA - 122 Sq.m. A large three bedroom double bay fronted end of terrace property situated on a sought after location and offered for sale with no upper chain. The property benefits from UPVC double glazed windows, three reception rooms, basement, upstairs bathroom and an overs (cont.)"
"We have an opportunity for an individual to purchase this well presented, three-bedroom semi-detached property located in the ever so sought after location of The Elms, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location just off Church Green Road. The current vendors have renovated this property ..."
***Extended Home That Is Move In Ready***Haig Property Professionals are pleased to bring to market this wonderful three-bedroom semi-detached home located on the Roses development in Bletchley.
"A well presented and extended semi detached home situated in the sought after location of Bletchley. Bletchley lies to the south of Milton Keynes and is well served by the A5, A4146 and A421 as well as having its own Train Station."
"*** THREE BEDROOM LINK DETACHED HOME *** Located in the popular and sought after area of Neath Hill, this three bedroom link detached home benefits from being a short distance away from the city centre and all of its amenities."
"Situated in BRADWELL is this FOUR bedroom END OF TERRACE house with living room, re-fitted kitchen with induction hob and underfloor heating, CONSERVATORY, family bathroom, front and rear gardens and OFF ROAD PARKING."
"A very well presented family home offering three reception rooms, generous bedrooms, private rear garden and extension potential. The property benefits from flexible living, a WC with fully functioning shower, and is well located."
"Offered for sale with no upper chain, this delightful two bedroom semi detached bungalow is situated in one of Milton Keynes' premier locations with excellent access to CMK's main line train station and shopping centre. The accommodation in brief comprises: entrance hall, lounge, conservatory, ki..."
"It's got the WOW factor! Situated in close proximity to CMK in Heelands, this three bedroom house has been extensively refurbished throughout and truly provides some magnificent features. Book your viewing appointment today through haart Milton Keynes and prepare to be amazed!"
* MODERN FOUR BEDROOM TOWN HOUSE - VERSATILE LIVING - 20FT KITCHEN/DINER * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are excited to be the favoured agent in marketing this very well presented and spacious four bedroom townhouse located within the highly regarded area of Wolverton Mill. Wolverton...
"Situated within close proximity of all local amenities including shops and schools, this three bedroom end of terrace house is offered for sale with no upper chain. The accommodation in brief comprises: entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen/dining room, first floor landing, three bedrooms, ba..."
"Spacious three bedroom mid terrace home with a drive for two cars and off road parking.On the ground floor of this home there is laminate wood flooring throughout. The family lounge has a large bay window to the front of the property allowing lots of natural light, through to the dining..."
"Connells are delighted to offer this two bedroom semi-detached house situated in the popular area of Walnut Tree, Milton Keynes, The property benefits from double glazing throughout, single garage and private rear garden."
"A four bedroom townhouse located in Peartree Bridge. Ideal investment opportunity as provides easy access to Central Milton Keynes, Bletchley and the hospital."
"King Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this well presented three bedroom home, situated in the popular location of Monkston. The property has undergone refurbishment in July 2022 to i..."
*THREE BEDROOM *SEMI-DETACHED *GREAT LOCATION *SEPARATE DINING ROOM *GAS CENTRAL HEATING *DRIVEWAY *GARAGE *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES *WALKING DISTANCE TO BLETCHLEY TRAIN STATION *OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN 
"Your next family home! Situated in the ever popular Crownhill development and offered to the market with no upper chain, this three bedroom link detached property presents complete with cloakroom, garage, off road parking and gardens! Call haart today to book your viewing appointment!"
"FOUR BEDROOM TOWN HOUSE! Connells are delighted to offer this well positioned house in the popular area of Broughton. Sitting within close proximity of local shops, school and other amenities be quick to call Connells to register interest."
"A great opportunity to acquire this three-bedroom, semi-detached family home, situated in Central Bletchley on the Trees. This property offers lounge, kitchen/diner, conservatory, two spacious doubles and the family bathroom. Externally, the property provides off-road parking for three cars, two..."
"SAVE £14,999 | UPGRADES INCLUDED 
A stylish two bedroom home with open-plan living area comprised of kitchen, dining and living room to ground floor Entrance hall and WC. Upstairs you will find a Spacious double bedroom, single bedroom and shower room."
THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME....GARAGE....NO UPPER CHAIN....CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES....OUSEDALE & PORTFIELD SCHOOL CATCHMENTS....SHORT DRIVE TO M1....BEAUTIFUL POSITION....QUIET CUL-DE-SAC...LOUNGE (16`4 x 11`4 max)...KITCHEN/DINER (16`2 x 13`0 max)....SHORT WALK TO BURY FIELDS
"Ready to move into! Located in the popular Heelands development, close to CMK, this extended three bedroom property presents to the market in immaculate condition throughout and further benefits from a ground floor shower room and private garden, call to find out more or to book your viewing!"
"NO UPPER CHAIN.. FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME with LOUNGE/DINER and CONSERVATORY, kitchen, entrance hall, three bedrooms and family bathroom, front and REAR GARDENS, garage and OFF ROAD PARKING the property also benefits from GAS CENTRAL HEATING and UPVC DOUBLE GLAZING."
Three-bedroom semi-detached home with a garage and a driveway.On the ground floor of this home there is the kitchen diner with an integrated good oven with an induction hob and extractor fan as well as space for freestanding appliances. There is also garden access which allows for lots ...
Situated in the popular Rivers Estate is this three bedroom semi-detached property. It has an open plan lounge through to diner and kitchen with integrated appliances and includes a downstairs cloakroom. It has a garage to the rear with ample off-road parking. The first floor offers the three bed...
"TOTAL FLOOR AREA - 91 Sq.m. A three bedroom mid terrace property benefitting from a re-fitted kitchen and bathroom, upstairs shower room and double glazed windows (where specified). The property is situated within walking distance of local amenities and offered for sale with no upper chain (cont.)"
"Positioned in a cul-de-sac location on the sought after Rivers estate in Bletchley is this immaculate three bedroom end terrace. The property boasts high specification throughout with a refitted kitchen with soft close units and drawers, upgraded worktops with upstand splashbacks and integrated a..."
"Situated in BRADVILLE is this THREE bedroom SEMI-DETACHED family home with accommodation comprising; Entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, lounge/dining area and kitchen, three bedrooms, family bathroom, block paved driveway and rear gardens."
*** THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME *** Located in the popular area of Heelands is this three bedroom home that offers excellent access into the city centre and is also nearby to the railway station.
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a modern semi detached home, situated within the popular location of Crownhill; situated on the West side of Milton Keynes. The property currently falls within the Grange Farm and Shenley Church End catchment areas for primary and secondary school. Central ..."
"A SEMI-DETACHED family home situated in the popular DOWNHEAD PARK development in Milton Keynes. Offered for sale with no onward chain the property requires some minor refurbishment and offers a lounge, dining room, kitchen and CONSERVATORY, BEDROOMS and BATHROOM. Good sized REAR GARDEN & GARAGE."
"THREE bedroom semi-detached FAMILY HOME with GARAGE and off road parking, GENEROUS REAR GARDEN, SEPARATE LOUNGE and DINING ROOM, conservatory, family bathroom in a quiet cul-de-sac location in the popular area of Downhead Park. NO UPPER CHAIN."
"A spacious family home offered in fantastic condition, with large conservatory and ample parking. The property in brief comprises; entrance hall, lounge/dining room, kitchen, conservatory, three bedrooms, bathroom, front and rear gardens, garage."
"NEW TO THE MARKET!! An exceptionally well presented three bedroom Victorian terrace house with character features throughout! The accommodation comprises of entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen and utility. The first floor benefits from two generously sized bedrooms and family bathroo..."
THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME...LESS THAN A MILE TO WOLVERTON MAINLINE TRAIN STATION...DRIVEWAY...SOUTH FACING LONG REAR GARDEN...TWO RECEPTION ROOMS...REFITTED KITCHEN AND REFITTED BATHROOM...WALKING DISTANCE TO POPULAR SHOPS AND AMENITIES...BEAUTIFUL WALKS NEARBY...
"Carters are delighted to bring to the market this WELL MAINTAINED 1950's THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED property, situated in the much sought after Trees development. The property is located within close proximity to Bletchley town centre with all the amenities it has to offer as well as WALKING DI..."
"THREE BEDROOM HOME situated in a popular location within close proximity to good schools, Bletchley TOWN CENTRE and TRAIN STATION. Ideally located for commute to Bletchley, Milton Keynes or further beyond for those seeking train or road. Call Connells to view"
"BUILDERS PART EXCHANGE - REDUCED FOR AN IMMEDIATE SALE A three story townhouse with 3–4 bedrooms located on the edge of the development with lovely views to the front. The property has accommodation set on three floors comprising; an entrance hall, cloakroom, bedroom 4/study and..."
Fabulous 4 Bedroom house* Email all Enquiries*106 SQ MTRS* TWO STOREY EXTENSION TO REAR* GENEROUS ROOM SIZES*FLEXIBLE ACCOMMODATION*OFF ROAD PARKING*
"* TWO BEDROOM BUNGALOW IN LOUGHTON - NO UPPER CHAIN - CONSERVATORY - DRIVEWAY * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are excited to be marketing this unique property which is situated down a quiet, safe and low traffic street within Loughton. Loughton is an ancient village in the modern dis..."
"Stratfords are pleased to present for sale this 3 bedroom semi-detached house located on the popular Rivers Estate benefitting from ample off road parking and a single garage. The ground floor of the property presents a practical layout, beginning with an entrance lobby that welcomes you into ..."
"MUST BE SEEN! STUNNING THROUGHOUT! LARGE REFITTED KITCHEN/DINER! PARKING! TWO GARDEN AREAS! Located in the Heelands area of Milton Keynes is this well presented throughout three bedroom end of terrace property. In full the property comprises: entrance hall, cloakroom, spacious kitchen/diner, l..."
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale a three/four bedroom extended family home, situated in the popular town of Bletchley. The downstairs accommodation comprises; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/dining room with patio doors leading to the rear garden, separate shower room & a double bedroom/..."
"Located in Two Mile Ash in north-west Milton Keynes, is this three bedroom semi-detached property. The ground floor accommodation starts from the entrance hall and gives you access to the cloakroom, lounge and kitchen/diner. On the first floor there are three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Exter..."
"** CHAIN FREE ** Located in the sought after Racecourse Development is this superb three bedroom semi-detached property with garage and conservatory. Perfect for any young family the internal accommodation comprises a porch come utility; hallway with understairs storage, sha..."
"This four-bedroom, mid-terraced property is tucked at the end of a cul-de-sac within an arms reach of Central Milton Keynes. The ground floor comprises of a W/C, generously spaced lounge, kitchen and copious amounts of storage. The first floor boasts four double bedrooms and a three-piece family ..."
Formally a three bedroom semi detached property now split into two flats making it a great investment opportunity or can be converted back to a single dwelling. The property is situated in the sought after area of Bletchley with its good road links and station near by.
"*** SPACIOUS TOP FLOOR LAKESIDE APARTMENT *** Situated in the HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION OF CALDECOTTE, this unique apartment offers AMPLE LIVING SPACE, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS plus an en-suite to the master bedroom. This property is offered in very good condition & also boasts private, underground..."
"* THREE BEDROOM LINK DETACHED FAMILY HOME NESTLED WITHIN THE HEART OF NEATH HILL - GARAGE, DRIVEWAY & LARGE GARDEN * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are delighted to offer 'For Sale' this very well maintained three bedroom link detached residence which has carefully been maintained..."
*MOTIVATED VENDOR *GREAT HOUSE *EMERSON VALLEY* *THREE BEDROOM* *END TERRACE *EXTENDED* *LARGE KITCHEN DINER* *GAS CENTRAL HEATING* *PRIVATE OUTLOOK* *DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM* *GREAT SCHOOL CATCHMENT* *JUST YARDS AWAY FROM SOME LOVLEY WALKS IN TATTENHOE VALLEY PARK* *OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN
"***** ATTENTION FIRST TIME BUYERS & INVESTORS ***** This wonderfully presented two bedroom semi-detached home has an abundance of CURB APPEAL, plus SPACE and VERSATILITY throughout the internal accommodation. Rarely seen with this type of home, the property also benefits from a GARAGE & PARKING!"
"This is not your standard terraced property, the property offers versatile accommodation, with four bedrooms, three bathrooms, lounge and utility, it definitely offers the space and rooms to meet your living requirements. Outside there is a good size garden. Offered for sale with no above chain."
"The Amber is a two bedroom home, ideal for first time buyers. The spacious, open-plan lounge, dining area and fitted kitchen are great for entertaining family and friends. On the ground floor is also ..."
"***LAST TWO PLOTS*** - Plot 32 is a 2 bedroom THIRD FLOOR apartment, with stunning views over the city and with a focus on open plan LUXURIOUS living and high standard SPECIFICATION including flooring, tiling and integrated appliances."
"Knights MK are pleased to offer for rent a three property in the highly sought after area of Wavendon Gate, with excellent local schooling, shops, parkland and other amenities."
"We are proud to offer this Three Bedroom End Terrace House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £320,000 - £350,000*"
INVESTORS ONLY - Tenants in situ! A three double bedroom mid terrace property located within Broughton with easy access to local shops.
"**ONLY 1 EXECUTIVE APARTMENT LEFT** Finished to a high standard these apartments will appeal to both the property investor looking for strong rental returns and capital growth, and buyers looking for an apartment that they can be right in the heart of one of the fastest growing towns in Europe."
"The Sparrow is a striking two bedroom home you'll be proud to call your own. Downstairs, the open plan living space flows from the front of the house to the garden beyond. On the first floor, the two good-sized bedrooms both feature large windows to offer a bright and airy ambience."
"Located on the sought after Eaton Avenue is this two double bedroom semi-detached. The property, in our opinion is well decorated throughout and boasts a lounge, kitchen/diner and an extensive rear garden. The first floor comprises two double bedrooms, with an en-suite to the main bedroom and a f..."
"SHOW HOMES NOW OPEN 10AM-6PM - BRAND NEW TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT SITUATED IN CENTRAL MILTON KEYNES, FINISHED WITH A PREMIUM SPECIFICATIONA brand new corner plot apartment offering you 726sqft internal living space. You will find a large double bedroom with wooden flooring th..."
* NO UPPER CHAIN * TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM END OF TERRACE - REFITTED KITCHEN - DRIVEWAY FOR TWO * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are excited to be the favoured agent in marketing this very well presented and spacious two double bedroom end of terraced home located within the highly regarde...
"Thomas Connolly Estate Agents are delighted to present this three double bedroom terraced property, in the sought after location of Wolverton, positioned opposite tennis courts, within walking distance of Wolverton main line station to London.The accommodation in brief comprises of; gro..."
"Situated in a cul de sac location close to all local amenities including shops and schools, this delightful two bedroom semi detached house with off road parking, garage and recently constructed home office. The property offers excellent links to CMK's main line train station and shopping centre ..."
"An attractive individual modern build detached bungalow situated at the end of a no through road offering well apportioned accommodation, modern kitchen with integrated appliances, two double bedrooms, modern shower room, open plan living/dining/kitchen."
*** THREE BEDROOM EXTENDED DETACHED HOME - IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY *** This property in the popular area of Stantonbury is a short drive from the centre of Milton Keynes and is nearby to local schooling.
"**NO UPPER CHAIN** Located on the popular west side of Milton Keynes and close to the amenities of Westcroft District Centre is this detached bungalow with NO UPPER CHAIN. The property in brief comprises: Entrance Hall, Living Room, Kitchen, Shower Room, Conservatory, two Bedrooms. "
"Located in West Bletchley is this well-presented three bedroom semi detached with views over a Green, the property is positioned set back from Whalley Drive on Cheneys Walk and benefits from a separate lounge, kitchen and dining area with patio doors leading to the enclosed rear garden. The first..."
* OFFERED WITH NO UPPER CHAIN * THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED * DRIVEWAY & GARAGE - DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are proud to have received instructions in marketing this fantastic three bedroom semi-detached family home which offers versatile living accommo...
"Situated in a cul de sac location is this much improved and well presented three bedroom, semi detached home that has a south facing garden with a good degree of privacy. Comprising entrance hall, recently refitted kitchen/dining room, sitting room, three bedrooms, bathroom, well kep..."
"Step onto the property ladder in Milton Keynes with Milton Keynes Connected! We are offering an excellent opportunity for buyers if you live or work in Milton Keynes. 616 The Clover is a superb 2 bedroom home at Whitehouse Park priced £315,000!*.
616 The Clover is a contemporary two ..."
"Step onto the property ladder in Milton Keynes with Milton Keynes Connected! We are offering an excellent opportunity for buyers if you live or work in Milton Keynes. 618 The Clover is a superb 2 bedroom home at Whitehouse Park priced £315,000!*618 The Clover is a contemporary two bed..."
"Step onto the property ladder in Milton Keynes with Milton Keynes Connected! We are offering an excellent opportunity for buyers if you live or work in Milton Keynes. 619 The Clover is a superb 2 bedroom home at Whitehouse Park priced £315,000!*.619 The Clover is a contemporary two be..."
"GREAT FAMILY HOME with NO UPPER CHAIN on the popular POETS ESTATE close to local amenities, PORTFIELDS & ousedale schools. Hall, lounge/DINER, kitchen, three bedrooms, shower room, front & REAR GARDENS set on quiet CUL-DE-SAC with GARAGE."
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS EXTENDED family home. The accommodation comprises; entrance porch, lounge, refitted kitchen with integrated appliances, dining area, utility room, downstairs cloakroom/wc, family area, study/bedroom (garage conversion), first floor; l..."
"TWO BEDROOM HOUSE IN BROOKLANDS! Connells are delighted to offer this well positioned house in the popular area of Brooklands. Sitting within close proximity of local shops, school and other amenities be quick to call Connells to register interest."
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale an penthouse top floor apartment, with lift access, situated within the popular location of Oakgrove . The accommodation briefly comprises: entrance hall with a LARGE ROOF TERRACE off this; open plan living area with a stylish fitted kitchen including int..."
"Located on the sought-after and modern development of Bletchley Park is this two double bedroom terraced house, which is being sold with no upper chain. The property boasts a kitchen, lounge/diner, downstairs cloakroom, family bathroom, the two double bedrooms and two allocated parking spaces. Fu..."
"*OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO UPPER CHAIN* Situated in Oldbrook, within close proximity to both thecentre:MK and Central Milton Keynes train station, Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom semi-detached property. The accommodation briefly comprises: Entranc..."
"SHOW HOMES NOW OPEN 10AM-6PM - BRAND NEW TWO BEDROOM 2 BATHROOM APARTMENT WITH LARGE TERRACE SITUATED IN CENTRAL MILTON KEYNES, FINISHED WITH A PREMIUM SPECIFICATIONA brand new apartment offering you 694sqft internal living space. You will find a large double bedroo..."
"*** No Upper Chain *** Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom detached house with a garage in the residential location of Eaglestone, Milton Keynes. The accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge/diner, kitchen, first ..."
"Situated on a MODERN DEVELOPMENT towards the outskirts of the town and with easy access to local shops, schools and other amenities is this mid-terrace home. The property has a good sized lounge/diner, downstairs CLOAKROOM, DOUBLE BEDROOMS, bathroom with a FOUR PIECE SUITE, GARDEN and PARKING."
A well presented semi detached family home situated on Shenley Road in the popular area of West Bletchley. Bletchley lies to the south of Milton Keynes and is well served by the A5 and A421as well as having Bletchley Station and Milton Keynes Central just a short drive away.
"Refurbished Two double bedroom apartment in the highly sought after area of Caldecotte Lakeside to the south east of Milton Keynes. In brief the accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge with French doors to ‘Juliet’ style balcony, fabulous high spec fitted kitchen with built i..."
"*** CLOSE PROXIMITY TO CENTRAL MILTON KEYNES *** Set in the HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER location of Bradville, this spacious home offers a SNUG living room, LARGE KITCHEN / DINER, downstairs bathroom & separate utility. This property boasts THREE BEDROOMS, a large rear garden & off-road parking."
*** We are hosting SCHEDULED viewing APPOINTMENTS on SATURDAY 18th MARCH from 14.00pm - 15.30pm : ENQUIRE via E-MAIL to REGISTER your INTEREST *** - 3 bedroom SEMI-DETACHED - Downstairs STUDY - MODERN Kitchen - WALKING DISTANCE of High Street - Benefiting DOWNSTAIRS WC :< (cont.)
"** OFFERED CHAIN FREE** This WELL PRESENTED property benefits from SPACIOUS KITCHEN/DINER, PRIVATE & ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN, SINGLE GARAGE & PARKING. All in the HIGHLY SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION of EAGLESTONE, JUST A STONE THROW to the MILTON KEYNES HOSPITAL and CLOSE PROXIMITY TO CENTRAL MILTON KEYNES."
"Welcome to this beautiful 2-bedroom semi-detached house in the incredibly sought after location of Newport Pagnell, near Milton Keynes. This stunning property is situated at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac and offers plenty of living space, with room for extending (STPP – precedent set with nearby ..."
"Situated in the popular beanhill area of a Milton Keynes with its easy access to main city centre amenaties as well as main lin etrain service to London is this large three bedroom semi detached bungalow offered with no upward chain. The property offers a large 14 x 14 kitchen, seperate lounge ba..."
"A FANTASTIC BUNGALOW in GREAT CONDITION, offering 2 bedrooms, lounge, kitchen-diner, family bathroom, GARAGE, ample OFF-ROAD PARKING and an enclosed rear garden. "
"NO UPPER CHAIN !! This well presented TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, one with EN-SUITE, TWO BATHROOMS spacious apartment offered with no upper chain. Pleasantly and conveniently situated in the popular town of WOLVERTON, which boasts excellent rail links to London,"
NO UPPER CHAIN!!! BEAUTIFULLY PRESENETED three bedroom family home close to centre MK. This property boasts a high spec modern interior design and spacious living with bi-folding doors from the kitchen/diner - lounge and comes with great size bedrooms and two allocated parking spaces
"Taylors Estate Agents are delighted to be marketing this modern two bedroom ground floor apartment in the highly desirable location of Central Milton Keynes. Situated in the heart of Central Milton Keynes, this delightful ground floor apartment is located just a short distance from CMK..."
This three bedroom end of terraced house is situated in close proximity of Central Bletchley and Fenny Stratford. The property has the benefit of an en-suite shower room from the master bedroom as well as a bathroom and downstairs cloakroom. There is parking for two vehicles to the rear.
"Wilson Peacock are pleased to market this rarely available fantastic two bedroom ground floor executive apartment set within the heart of Central Milton Keynes! In brief this executive apartment comprises of open plan kitchen / living / dining space with a stunning and stylish kitchen island, two..."
"Situated in this cul de sac location within close proximity of all local amenities including shops and schools, this delightful three bedroom semi detached house also offers excellent links to CMK's main line train station and shopping centre. The accommodation in brief comprises: entrance hall, ..."
"**VICTORIAN TERRACE HOME** Set in the heart of Wolverton, close to the Agora regeneration project and a 15 minute walk from the Railway Station. Open plan Lounge and Dining Room, 18' Kitchen and refitted shower room."
TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW....NO UPPER CHAIN....LOUNGE (17`0 x 11`5 max....BEAUTIFUL WALKS NEARBY....GARAGE IN BLOCK....DRIVEWAY....CONSERVATORY (13`6 x 8`1 max)........BEDROOM ONE (12`1 x 9`7 max)....BEDROOM TWO (9`9 x 6`6 max)....
"- Three Bedroom DETACHED home - SEPARATE reception rooms - Driveway and SINGLE GARAGE - Close proximity of Bletchley TRAIN STATION : (Price Guiding : £300,000 - £325,000) Alexander Lawrence Estate Agents have the pleasure in offering to market this three bedroom detach (cont.)"
Located in Fenny Stratford is a three double bedroom semi detached Victorian house. The property offers an extensive lounge with bay window open into the diner. The spacious kitchen benefits from a breakfast bar and the range cooker which is included. The ground floor is completed by a refitted b...
"*** UNIQUE STYLED HOME & ANNEX *** Set in the HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION of GREAT LINFORD, within MOMENTS of CMK.. The main home provides AMPLE LIVING SPACE, THREE BEDROOMS, with an EN-SUITE to the master and is PRESENTED IMMACULATELY.. The annex consists of a DOUBLE BEDROOM, KITCHEN AREA & BAT..."
"First floor apartment with BALCONY, fitted kitchen, wet room and under-floor heating. Modern McCarthy Stone development in heart of town. Easy access to High Street. Landscaped communal gardens, restaurant, residents lounge, laundry room, guest apartment and 24 hour on site staffing and emergency..."
"Your new family home? Located at the end of a quiet cul de sac in Bradville, this three bedroom end of terrace presents to the market with no upper chain and benefits from a cloakroom, open plan kitchen lounge, cloakroom, off road parking and garage. Book your appointment today"
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale this two bedroom semi detached property with a garage, situated within the sought after Monkston area. The property boasts an attractive enclosed rear garden, double glazing and a garage. Accommodation comprises; entrance, lounge, refitted kitchen/breakfas..."
SOON TO HAVE AN EXTENDED LEASE! MUST BE SEEN! GROUND FLOOR! A BEAUTIFUL SETTING WHICH CAN ONLY BE APPRECIATED ONCE SEEN IN PERSON! NO UPPER CHAIN! GARAGE! Offered for sale is this well presented two bedroom ground floor apartment situated at Wavendon House set in fourteen acres of beautiful land...
"SPACIOUS property, on a SIZEABLE PLOT, presented in LOVELY OVERALL CONDITION and complete with off-road parking, GARAGE, kitchen-diner, lounge, 3 bedrooms, bathroom with fitted shower and an enclosed rear garden with side access."
"Connells are delighted to offer this two bedroom semi-detached house situated within the popular area of Ulverscroft, Monkston. Accommodation briefly consists of fully fitted kitchen/ diner with range of wall and base units, lounge, two bedrooms and family bathroom."
"*** THREE BEDROOM BUNGALOW *** A semi detached bungalow a short distance away from Milton Keynes Hospital, Bletchley and also Milton Keynes city centre."
"Situated in STONY STRATFORD is this THREE bedroom SEMI-DETACHED house with spacious entrance hall, cloakroom and three reception areas which are flexible in their use and currently used as a study, lounge and dining area, kitchen, landing, three bedrooms and a bathroom."
"Just a STONES THROW FROM THE CANAL, this LOVELY THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED property boasts a LARGE LIVING ROOM with a BAY FRONTED WINDOW, TWO SPACIOUS DOUBLE BEDROOMS and a GOOD SIZED SINGLE ROOM, plus a KITCHEN and SEPARATE DINING AREA with HUGE POTENTIAL TO IMPROVE AND EXTEND FURTHER. ALL LOCA..."
"This property is situated in the ever so desirable location of The Trees Estate in Bletchley, with the canal and local parks just a short distance away. Being sold with no upper chain, is this three-bedroom semi-detached property which has potential to become an ideal family home. "
"This FULLY REFURBISHED BUNGALOW has been GREATLY IMPROVED THROUGHOUT and benefits from THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, A SEPERATE DINING ROOM, NEWLY FITTED KITCHEN AND BATHROOM with a COURTYARD GARDEN to the side and A PRIVATE GARDEN TO THE REAR. ENQUIRE NOW SO NOT TO MISS OUT!!"
"Your first family home? Located on the popular Saints development, this three bedroom bay windowed terraced property presents to the market with no upper chain and the chance for you to put your own stamp on it! An ideal FTB or BTL, call haart Milton Keynes to book your viewing appointment today"
SOON TO BE AN EXTENDED LEASE! MUST BE SEEN! GROUND FLOOR! A BEAUTIFUL SETTING WHICH CAN ONLY BE APPRECIATED ONCE SEEN IN PERSON! NO UPPER CHAIN! GARAGE! Offered for sale is this well presented two bedroom ground floor apartment situated at Wavendon House set in fourteen acres of beautiful landsc...
"GREAT FAMILY HOME over looking GREENERY on the popular POETS ESTATE and is close to Portfields school and amenities. The property comprises of porch, entrance hall, LOUNGE/DINER, kitchen, bathroom, THREE BEDROOMS, front & REAR GARDENS with GARAGE in nearby block."
* TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM PERIOD PROPERTY IN THE HEART OF WOLVERTON * REFITTED KITCHEN * CELLAR * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are excited to be the favoured agent in marketing this delightful two double bedroom 1900's period character Victorian styled family home which has been tasteful...
*** LARGER THAN USUAL PLOT FOR THE AREA *** A three bedroom bungalow located in Coffee Hall that has a larger than average plot for the area and would make an ideal first time or investment purchase.
*** CLOSE TO CITY CENTRE & MAINLINE RAILWAY STATION*** A four bedroom inner terrace home situated in the popular and sought after area of Bradwell Common.
This three bedroom end of terrace house which has only ever had one owner is perfectly placed in the heart of Milton Keynes. With stunning walks on your doorstep this property is only a stones throw away from the Grand Union Canal and extremely popular pubs such as 'The Barge' and 'The Cross K...
"Located on Spenlows Road, West Bletchley is a three-bedroom detached bungalow. The property boasts a lounge/diner, kitchen, four-piece family bathroom and three bedrooms. Further benefits include a rear garden, garage, ample off-road parking and is offered with no upper chain. A range of prim..."
Situated in a cul de sac location within close proximity to all local amenities including shops and schools as well as offering excellent links to CMK's main line train station and shopping centre. This property is also within walking distance to local parkland including Willen Lake and it's popu...
"This charming two bedroom Victorian bay fronted semi detached is located in Central Bletchley on Brooklands Road, the property boasts separate reception rooms, an extensive refitted kitchen with views over the rear garden. Further benefits include two double bedrooms, refitted shower room and a g..."
"Situated on Shenley Road in Far Bletchley, is this three-bedroom, semi-detached property. The ground floor offers a lounge, dining area and kitchen, which provides access to the garden and garage to the rear. The upstairs accommodation consists of two double bedrooms, a single bedroom and a famil..."
"GUIDE PRICE BETWEEN £300,000 -£315,000.....THREE BEDROOM END OF TERRACE FAMILY HOME....NO UPPER CHAIN....VIEWS OF LAKES LANE PARK....GARAGE & WORKSHOP (17`1 x 14`9 max)....OUSEDALE & PORTFIELD SCHOOL CATCHMENT....SHORT WALK TO BURY FIELDS...KITCHEN/DINER (14`1 X 8`9 max)...SOUTH/WEST FACING GARDEN"
*FOUR BEDROOMS - END OF TERRACE - GUEST CLOAKROOM - PARKING* Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are proud to have received instructions in marketing this fantastic four bedroom end of terraced property which offers versatile living accommodation. The property is situated down a quiet and ...
"*** PENTHOUSE IN OAKGROVE *** A spacious well-presented two bedroom penthouse for sale in the popular area of Oakgrove. Benefiting from an en-suite and family bathroom, two balconies with panoramic views, wooden flooring throughout and allocated gated parking. Viewing highly recommended."
"Beautifully presented FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT in 'as new' condition as owner only lived there for six months. The apartment benefits from a spacious lounge area with private balcony overlooking the gardens. Fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, wet room and double bedroom with walk in wardrobe."
"A generous and well designed three bedroom ground floor apartment situated in Monkston Park MK10. The property benefits from electric gates, allocated parking and visitor parking. "
"Situated on the Saints Estate is this three bedroom, bay fronted semi detached. The property consists of two reception rooms, kitchen, conservatory and a family bathroom. The property is in need of a full refurbishment. Further benefits include being within easy access to local primary and second..."
Situated in the Beanhill area of Milton Keynes with easy access to Central Milton Keynes as well as Milton Keynes Railway Station and the MK1 shopping district; Taylors Estate Agents present to the marlet this large three bedroom semi-detached bungalow - offered with no upward chain. The property...
"A spacious three bedroom semi detached bungalow with an EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOM, offered for sale with no upward chain. The accommodation comprises; entrance hall, lounge with patio door to rear garden, kitchen/breakfast room, en-suite shower room, three bedrooms and a bathroom Outside there is an e..."
"A family home close to the City? In the sought after Springfield development, this well presented three bedroom property probably has all the attributes you are looking for in your next family home, available exclusively through haart estate agents, call to book your viewing appointment today!"
* THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS - NO UPPER CHAIN - GARAGE * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are delighted to offer this spacious three bedroom end of terrace which is located down a quiet street within Downs Barn. Downs Barn is situated within the Northern region of Milton Keynes and is an ev...
"*** A STONES THROW FROM BRICKHILL WOODS *** This BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED and CHARMING COTTAGE is set in the QUAINT, DESIRABLE VILLAGE of BOW BRICKHILL, and boasts a BRAND NEW BATHROOM, MODERN KITCHEN, OPEN PLAN LOUNGE/DINER, NEW FLOORING downstairs, plus a PRIVATE COURTYARD GARDEN"
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale a two bedroom semi detached property, situated within the popular Shenley Church End area. The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance, fitted kitchen, separate dining room, lounge, first floor, two bedrooms and a bathroom. Outside there is rear garden an..."
"CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale an executive modern top floor apartment, situated within the popular Oakgrove development east side of Milton Keynes. This impressive property boasts a generous sized south facing BALCONY. Accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hall, open plan lounge/din..."
"THE COLEFORD is an impressive apartment featuring a generous, OPEN-PLAN kitchen/lounge and dining area. TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, with EN SUITE to bedroom 1 and a bathroom complete this home. Work from home? Transform bedroom 2 into a handy HOME OFFICE."
"** DOUBLE GARAGE ** Located in the ever popular Eaton Mill development is this fantastic three bedroom terraced property with double garage. Well cared for by the current owner, the accommodation comprises an entrance porch; spacious lounge with feature gas fireplace and sta..."
"2 bedroom 2 bathroom 1st floor apartment with balcony ...
"
"2 bedroom 2 bathroom 2nd floor apartment with balcony ...
"
LUXURY PENTHOUSE APARTMENT with a spectacular wrap around roof terrace! SHOW HOME NOW OPEN A stunning development of high specification one and two bedroom apartments. • High spec - including integrated appliances • Windows with enhanced soundproof...
** ATTENTION FIRST TIME BUYERS AND INVESTORS ** Located on the ever popular Shenley Road is this attractive three bedroom semi-detached property with parking and detached garage. The current owner has maintained this family home for close to 40 years with accommodation compr...
"A THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED property, situated on the very desirable NON ESTATE location of Shenley Road. The location gives convenient access to the Bletchley train station with a direct route to London Euston in under 45 minutes, as well as being within easy access to shops, good road links i..."
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME....GARAGE....APPROXIMATELY 1 MILE TO BLETCHLEY MAINLINE TRAIN STATION....LOUNGE/DINER (22`5 x 10`5 max)....GROUND FLOOR BATHROOM....WALKING DISTANCE TO POPULAR SCHOOLS, SHOPS AND AMENITIES....MASTER BEDROOM (12`11 x 10`3 max)....KITCHEN (8`5 x 6`7 max)"
"SHOW HOMES NOW OPEN 10AM-6PM - BRAND NEW ONE BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH LARGE STUDY AND GOOD SIZE TERRACE SITUATED IN CENTRAL MILTON KEYNES, FINISHED WITH A PREMIUM SPECIFICATIONA brand new apartment offering you 754sqft internal living space. You will fin..."
"Located on the Castles development is this three-bedroom, semi-detached home, offered with no chain and in need of some modernisation throughout. On the ground floor you are greeted by an entrance hall, an open plan lounge/dining area and kitchen. Upstairs comprises of three bedrooms and bathroo..."
CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this well presented two double bedroom TOP FLOOR APARTMENT with 24 hour CONCIERGE service and LARGE BALCONY with STUNNING VIEWS over Milton Keynes. This wonderful apartment is situated in Central Milton Keynes within close proximity of Sainsbury's Super...
CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale this exceptional and well presented two double bedroom TOP FLOOR APARTMENT with 24 hour CONCIERGE service and LARGE BALCONY with STUNNING VIEWS over Milton Keynes. This wonderful apartment is situated in Central Milton Keynes within close proximity of Sa...
** CHAIN FREE ** Located in the ever popular Scots Development in West Bletchley stands this immaculate three bedroom terraced property with the additional benefit of being CHAIN FREE! The current owners have completely renovated the property in their ownership creating a mo...
"Wilson Peacock are excited to bring to market this three bedroom Semi Detached property with GARAGE and PARKING offered for sale with NO CHAIN. The accommodation in brief comprises; Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen/Diner with French style doors to garden, First floor landing, Three Bedrooms,..."
"Well presented ground floor EX -SHOW APARTMENT benefitting from a spacious living room with PATIO AREA and GARDEN VIEWS. The development offers excellent COMMUNAL FACILITIES including a table service restaurant, landscaped gardens and communal lounge where SOCIAL EVENTS take place."
"*** CORNER PLOT *** A great two bedroom property that benefits from a good sized garden on a corner plot, as well as a garage and driveway providing off road parking."
"*** INVESTMENT BUYERS ONLY DUE TO AN EXISTING TENANCY AGREEMENT *** CAULDWELL are pleased to offer for sale an executive three bedroom apartment, situated within the sought after Medbourne area (short walk to Shenley Woods). Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, open plan lounge with a Juliet ..."
* HEAVILY EXTENDED - GARAGE * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are proud to have received instructions in marketing this fantastic extended three bedroom semi detached property which offers versatile living accommodation. The property is situated down a quiet and low traffic cul-de-sac...
Extremely Spacious. This is an immaculately presented three double bedroom terrace house. Situated within the Northern region of Milton Keynes and is an ever popular area for growing families. It offers many local amenities
"A MID-TERRACE family home situated close to amenities. The property has a good size KITCHEN/DINER, DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM, upstairs BEDROOMS and BATHROOM. GARDENS to the front and rear and ALLOCATED PARKING for TWO CARS."
"In need of remodernisation and located on the Eaton Mill estate in Bletchley is a three bedroom extended semi detached. The property benefits from an extension to side offering a downstairs shower room. Further benefits include a garage with off road parking to rear, lounge/diner and to be sold w..."
"An exceptionally popular High Street location, ground floor retirement maisonette with double glazed, recently decorated new kitchen and shower room, two bedrooms, viewing recommended and perfectly situated Fegans Court captures the real true beauty and atmosphere of a small town."
***Stamp Duty Paid*** The Avon is a 2 DOUBLE bedroom apartment benefiting from a private BALCONY off the open plan kitchen/dining/lounge area providing the perfect space for entertaining friends and family!
"Purplebricks present this substantial 2 bedroom semi-detached home situated within the popular area of Bletchley. The property is set in a small close and offers easy access to London Mainline Train links and Milton Keynes. Highlights include:- entrance hall, good size fitted kitchen and a large..."
"IN NEED OF SOME MODERNISATION- This three bedroom home located in the popular area of Haversham is offered for sale by Connells Estate Agents. In need of modernisation, this property offers lots of potential and a great project for the right buyer."
"A three bedroom property set within easy reach of local amenities. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge/diner and kitchen. On the first floor there are three bedrooms and a family bathroom. This property also benefits from double glazing, garden and off road parking."
"This TWO bedroom apartment provides spacious living all on one level. It has a beautiful kitchen and living area, featuring a fabulous BALCONY that is sure to wow. Lea Manor apartments are well equipped to fit neatly into your lifestyle. Each apartment also includes its own allocated p..."
Beautiful two-bedroom semi-detached home with allocated parking.On the ground floor of this home is the spacious family lounge with laminate flooring throughout and stairs rising to the first floor as well as under stairs storage. Through to the extended modern kitchen diner there is an...
*** We are hosting SCHEDULED viewing APPOINTMENTS on SATURDAY 18th MARCH from 9.30am - 12.00pm : ENQUIRE via E-MAIL to REGISTER your INTEREST *** - 2 DOUBLE BEDROOMS - Driveway Parking with TWO SPACES - OPEN PLAN Lounge/Kitchen - Downstairs Cloakroom/Utility Room - Walking (cont.)
"King Estate Agents are proud to bring to the market this two bedroom apartment, situated in this sought after location next to Caldecotte Lake. The apartment is presented in excellent condition throug..."
"Carters are delighted to offer to the market this THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW, situated on a secluded road just off the desirable Whalley Drive. It is located within a short walk to Bletchley train station providing mainline links to London Euston within 45 minutes and as well as easy access ..."
"CAULDWELL are delighted to offer for sale this EXTENDED semi detached property, conveniently located close to the train station and local amenities. The property comprises of entrance hall, generous size lounge/diner, refitted kitchen/breakfast room with patio doors leading to the garden. Upstair..."
"This WELL PRESENTED two bedroom home BENEFITS from a RE-FITTED KITCHEN & BATHROOM, ADDED FAMILY ROOM to the rear, ALLOCATED PARKING and a PRIVATE REAR GARDEN."
"*** THREE BEDROOM HOME *** Located in Bradville, this three bedroom home befefits from a garage and off road parking. Please call us today to arrange your internal inspection."
"Michael Anthony are delighted to present this two bedroom semi detached family home located in the popular area of Bradville. Upon entering the property you are greeted with a spacious lounge, from the lounge you have access to the kitchen with space for a dining room table, leading on from the ..."
*** POPULAR VIZION DEVELOPMENT IN CENTRAL MILTON KEYNES *** A two bedroom upper floor apartment with a balcony and access to lovely communal gardens.
* Beautifully Presented Three Bedroom Family Home * Refitted Kitchen Diner * Refitted Family Bathroom * Redecorated Throughout * Generous & Private Rear Garden * Downstairs WC * Easy Access to London Mainline Trainlinks * Allocated Parking* Within Walking Distance To Centre*
"**GARDEN/DETACHED/CAPORT**RENTAL INCOME CAN BE £1,250 a month - FREEHOLD Stylish two-bedroom, one bath coachouse.The home is very well presented and has a stunning grey gloss kitchen that has a skylight allowing lots of light, with integrated goods, including an..."
* FREEHOLD - NO CHAIN - DETACHED COACH HOUSE WITH FANTASTIC RENTAL POTENTIAL * Urban and Rural Milton Keynes are delighted to offer this stunning light and airy two bedroom detached coach house in the ever sought after area of Eagle Farm South. The location offers many beneficial f...
"The Coleford is an impressive apartment featuring a generous, open-plan kitchen/lounge and dining area. Two double bedrooms, with en suite to bedroom one and a bathroom complete this home. Work from h..."
"SAVE £14,299 | OPEN PLAN DESIGN | UPGRADES INCLUDED The Coleford is an impressive apartment featuring a generous, open-plan kitchen/lounge and dining area. Two double bedrooms, with en suite to bedroom 1 and a bathroom complete this home. Work from home? Transform bedroom 2 into a handy home off..."
"Leaders Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale a with a TENANT IN SITU centrally located a second floor apartment, within the 'Vizion Development' in the centre of Milton Keynes. The property benefits a balcony with viewings over Milton Keynes, attractive comunal gardens with water feature. ..."
"CASH INVESTORS ONLY Leaders Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale a centrally located first floor apartment, WITH TENANT IN SITU within the 'Vizion Development' in the centre of Milton Keynes. The property benefits from secure underground parking, a lift, 24hr concierge, balcony ..."
"Thomas Connolly Estate Agents are delighted to present this two bedroom coach house situated in the desirable area of Brooklands, which provides easy access to both Central Milton Keynes and to the M1 junction 14 with outstanding schools within walking distance.The accommodation in..."
Purplebricks present this modern 2 bedroom semi-detached home situated in the popular development of Newton Leys. The property is chain free and offers easy access to Milton Keynes train station and it's shopping centre. Newton Leys primary school and Asda supermarket are just a short walk away ...
* THREE BEDROOMS - NO UPPER CHAIN - 21FT LIVING ROOM - GUEST CLOAKROOM * Urban & Rural Milton Keynes are excited to be the favoured agent in offering this spacious three bedroom family home located just minutes from the city centre in Eaglestone. Eaglestone is centrally located in ...
*** TWO BEDROOM UPPER FLOOR APARTMENT *** Located in the heart of Milton Keynes is this two bedroom apartment in the popular Vizion development.
"LARGE FAMILY HOME - FANTASTIC REAR GARDENS - DOUBLE GARAGE Brunton residential are delighted to offer for sale this substantial family home located on Barmoor Drive within Great Park. This sizeable home is in an excellent condition, it has six bedrooms with an additional study and large, land..."
"An exciting opportunity has arisen to acquire this magnificent, detached home, set within an impressive 1.1-acre plot in the prestigious Darras Hall. This exquisite property is truly one of a kind, designed by its current owner with great care and meticulous attention to detail to boast a palatia..."
"80 Darras Road is an outstanding detached house, built around 12 years ago, and represents one of the finest homes within the Darras Hall Estate. This exceptional family home has a floor area extending to around 11,000 sq ft and has undergone a number of substantial refurbishment works recently w..."
"Astonishing, six bedroomed modern mansion nestled within one of the most prestigious roads in the North East of England. Occupying an impressive plot of around 1.2 Acres, this incredible property takes full advantage of the views over the river Pont and the open countryside. "
"Substantial Detached Period Residence Boasting Three Reception Rooms, Open Plan Kitchen/Dining and Family Space with Orangery, Five Double Bedrooms with Three Bathrooms, Lovely Front Gardens with Off Street Parking & Incredible South Facing Lawned Gardens with Open Aspect Over Newcastle’s T..."
"Dobsons Estate Agents are delighted to bring to market a bespoke, contemporary, open-plan family home, with six double bedrooms, set in South West facing grounds extending to circa 0.75 acres, with a heated swimming pool and full size tennis court. The stone pillard entrance opens into an im..."
"159 Runnymede Road has been extensively redeveloped by the present owner and now provides a stunning luxury mansion, set back and very private from this most sought after prestigious address. With outstanding accommodation approaching 7,000 square feet, this is a fabulous opportunity to acquire a..."
A magnificent modern mansion with exceptional contemporary styling and décor
"Dobsons Estate Agents are delighted to bring to market an architecturally designed family home with South Facing rear gardens. The individual and contemporary design provides space and light in abundance, incorporating illuminated walnut staircase, Schuller designed kitchen, integrated whole..."
"This exquisite seven-bedroom detached property is truly one of a kind, immaculately presented throughout and boasting an incredibly modern, luxurious look. Built in 2008, this stunning home has been built with meticulous attention to detail and offers an impressive amount of space over three floo..."
"Imposing & Detached Period Residence Boasting Almost 4,500 sq.ft of Internal Living Space, Offering Three Generous Reception Rooms, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Seven Bedrooms, Delightful and Mature Lawned Rear Gardens & Double Length Garage. This substantial and impressive detached period home..."
"Occupying a prime location within the heart of Gosforth, this stylish and substantial, three storey, stone built, Grade II listed double fronted end terrace house was originally constructed circa 1820s. The property, which is one of three similar sized houses set back from the High Street, enjoys..."
**360 VIRTUAL TOUR** DETACHED HOUSE - EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT - LUXURY CONDITION Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this superb detached home located in the popular and exclusive La Sagesse development in the heart of Jesmond.
"Nestled on a prestigious treelined street within Jesmond Dene Conservation Area, sitting beyond mature hedging, is this superb mid-century property. Set within a third of an acre plot, bordered by majestic greenery and a rear garden reaching down to Jesmond Dene Road, this architecturally designe..."
A rare opportunity to purchase a magnificent six bedroom detached residence occupying a prime position within the sought after Greystoke Park development on the northern fringe of central Gosforth. This substantial house constructed by Cussins Homes boasts in excess 5300 sq. ft floor area. It has...
This impressive and substantial detached family home with versatile accommodation over three floors that has been refurbished by the present owners and enjoys a large south facing garden is located in the heart of central Gosforth and will have to be viewed to be appreciated as we expect it to ha...
"An exceptional five bedroom, five bathroom, family home set in grounds extending to circa. 0.43 of an acre on this sought after road within the Exclusive Darras Hall Estate. The property offers the best in luxury living with designer bathrooms fittings including Laufen, Duravit, Viller..."
"This is a rare and unique opportunity to purchase a substantial plot of land, which extends to approximately 0.45 acres and is placed within the centre of the desirable Melbury Road, Jesmond Park West. Melbury Road, which located between Jesmond Park West and Jesmond Park East, is a highly reg..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this amazing opportunity to acquire a stunning, six bedroom, three storey new luxury house which is due to be constructed by early summer of 2023. This fabulous 505 sq m (5436 sq ft) mansion has a separate detached double garage with studio living above.&nbs..."
An expansive high specification property with classic elegance in a hugely desirable family friendly location
"IMPRESSIVE FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE, WITH A MAGNIFICENT NEWLY CREATED ELECTRIC GATED ACCESS & DRIVEWAY FROM DARRAS ROAD, GENEROUS 0.3 ACRE, SOUTHERLY FACING GARDEN PLOT AND INTEGRAL DOUBLE GARAGE. A substantial and imposing modern detached house, with a prime position on Darras Road close t..."
An impressive and substantial detached property in a desirable and affluent location
"A recently refurbished five bedroom detached house, occupying a mature garden site., extending to 0.3 acres. This wonderful family home offers versatile accommodation set over two floors. The property is entered into a welcoming entrance hallway with Gulwing staircase to the first floo..."
"A unique opportunity for a stylish, architectdesigned, detached house, occupying a lovely private 0.25 acre garden site towards the western end of EdgeHill.The impressive family home was completed in 2016 by the current owner, and is of steel frame construction with a concrete deckedfloor and fi..."
"A completely unique and one-of-a-kind opportunity to reside in a newly converted church, built circa 1860, showcasing rich history through a multitude of exclusive, traditional features, such as beautiful stained-glass windows, exposed beams and wood-burning fires. This 4,800 square foot property..."
"Backworth enjoys ready access to Newcastle Upon Tyne via road and Metro network links, which makes it ideal for commuters and those who enjoy the restaurants and amenities of the nearby city. The village itself offers shops, pubs and a primary school which has been rated “Good&rd..."
"An exciting opportunity to undertake a self-build project in the heart of Gosforth’s Conservation Area. The tree-lined street of Graham Park Road often attracts the region’s higher-budget family buyers, drawn by the area’s fine late nineteenth-century architecture, m..."
"A stone built, five bedroom family home, built to a very high standard, with views over the surrounding countryside and towards Farrick Hill and Farrick Plantation. The house is entered via a pillared entrance leading through the vestibule to the reception hall. The kitchen, family ro..."
"An outstanding conversion of an 18th century stone barn and former Gin Gang (being the circular building attached to a threshing mill barn) offering a magnificent reception room and a spacious open plan kitchen/dining room, with utility room. Leading from the kitchen there is a large cinem..."
"Stylish & Substantial Double Fronted Victorian Townhouse Boasting over 4,000 sq ft of Internal Living Space Including an Impressive Open Plan Living, Kitchen and Dining Space, Two Further Generous Reception Rooms, Seven Bedrooms Including a Magnificent Principal Suite, Family Bathroom & Separ..."
A handsome and substantial property with private annexe in a vibrant city location
"OPPORTUNITY Bradley Hall is delighted to be appointed to market this residential development opportunity at the 41 Jesmond Vale, Heaton, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE2 1PG LOCATION The subject property is located on Jesmond Vale in South Heaton, Newcastle upon Tyne. The property is..."
A magnificent Grade II Listed country house wing with open views and detached cottage 
This carefully designed and curated home encompasses the essence of luxury. Bold hues sit alongside delicate tones whilst natural elements work harmoniously alongside the latest technology to create a truly unique vision of opulence and glamour. Every space in this home has been given the VIP t...
"A rare and exclusive opportunity has arisen to acquire this considerable plot of land in the extremely sought-after Jesmond Park East, and full planning permission from Newcastle City Council. The substantial size of the plot and coveted location makes this a truly exciting and incredibly valuabl..."
"This a rare opportunity to acquire a prime and desirable 1 acre building plot which is perfectly placed on the prestigious Runnymede Road, Darras Hall. The site provides an exceptional opportunity for an outstanding luxury modern residence, which is to be constructed in a more traditional style ..."
A five bedroom detached home providing generous and well-appointed accommodation with West-facing gardens extending to circa 0.48 acres. An impressive hallway and galleried landing sets the tone for this contemporary style home. This family house offers a spacious arrangement comprisin...
An outstanding four bedroom stone built barn conversion occupying a secluded and very private site within this residential development on the Northern outskirts of Gosforth. The property boasts 2800 sq ft floor area is surrounded by beautiful gardens extending to approximately half an acre. It ...
A superb new build bungalow with outstanding specification situated on an impressive plot in a desirable location
"UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY - TWO DETACHED HOUSES Hiddlestone comprises 2 fabulous detached houses on a beautiful plot extending to circa 1.5 acres. Hiddlestone is a handsome 4 bedroomed double fronted, detached family house, built in 1906 with many fine features and superbly proportioned accommodati..."
"A fabulous 4/5 bedroomed detached house offering beautifully presented and appointed family accommodation, with many design features. The Entrance Porch leads to the Reception Hall with cloaks cupboard, oak flooring and concealed ceiling lighting, a feature found in all principal ground floor roo..."
"An exciting opportunity has arisen to acquire this spectacular bungalow on South Drive, Woolsington, providing incredibly spacious living and offering a profusion of luxurious features and facilities to enjoy such as an indoor swimming pool, jacuzzi and sauna. This one-of-a-kind property is situa..."
"Substantial & Extended Modern Detached Family Home Boasting Three Reception Rooms Including an Impressive Extended Living Room, Stylish Re-Fitted Kitchen/Dining & Family Room, Delightful Lawned Rear Gardens, Four Double Bedrooms, Family Bathroom plus Two En-Suites, Integral Double Garage with..."
"Modern Detached Family Home Positioned within Gosforth’s Conservation Area & Boasting Two Reception Rooms, Kitchen/Dining Room, Six Bedrooms, Family Bathroom plus En-Suite, Off Street Parking, Integral Garage & Lovely South Facing Rear Gardens!This excellent, modern, detached family hom..."
"Superb, extended, four bedroom, three reception room family home, with large kitchen/dining room, mature gardens and double garage A lovely, extended, four bedroom detached family home, with versatile accommodation set over two floors, mature private gardens, driveway for 2-3 cars and an integ..."
"A well presented and recently extended, four bedroom family home, situated on the outskirts of the popular Darras Hall Estate. The property is entered into a partially glazed lobby leading to a spacious hallway with access to formal living room, and cloaks/wc. The breakfasting kitchen..."
"The property comprises 13 bedrooms across four flats. The ground floor flat has two double bedrooms each with en-suite, open plan kitchen/living area and guest wc. The first and second floor flats both have four double bedrooms, master bathroom, shower room and open plan kitchen living area. T..."
We offer to the market this fantastic opportunity to acquire a private converted block of high-end modern apartments with period features and stylish character. Portland Terrace is situated just outside of Newcastle City Centre and is within walking distance to both Newcastle and North...
"This Spectacular, Purpose-Built City Centre Apartment Offers a Magnificent Open Plan Living, Dining and Kitchen Space with Three Bedrooms and Breath-Taking Panoramic Views Over Newcastle City Centre and Beyond. Boasting 2,000 Sq. ft of internal living space, this luxury apartment offers one of..."
"A magnificent and recently updated, 4 bedroom detached house situated within the Darras Hall Estate. The double height Reception Hall features a contemporary wood and glass staircase to the first floor and a built in cloaks cupboard. The spacious Lounge has large windows overlooking the gardens. ..."
4 Bedroom Detached House KEY FEATURES • Detached • 4 Double bedrooms • 2 en-suites and a family bathroom • Kitchen/diner • Utility room • Luxurious finish throughout • Detached garage • South facing garden • Double driveway • Plenty of visitor parking EXTREMELY WELL PRESENTED 4 BE...
"Portfolio sale | Five modern apartments | All two bedrooms | Two in Gosforth, one on Quayside and two in Gateshead | Current rents £40,164 per annum | All on ASTs | Rents could be drastically increased, speak to the office for more inform..."
"For Sale by Auction: Thursday 30th March 2023, Option 2, Terms and Conditions apply.This magnificent home benefits from a substantial plot circa 1/3rd of an acre, exceptional room sizes and beautiful features. The property is accessed by a striking portico with hardwood double doors opening to th..."
" A fabulous investment opportunity to purchase this substantial HMO house situated within the heart of Jesmond, close to local cafes, restaurants and shops and within walking distance of West Jesmond Metro station. The accommodation occupies over 2033 sq ft and is spread over three floors to the..."
"A very well presented four bedroom detached family home with well established gardens, on this sought after road, within the Exclusive Darras Hall estate, within easy walking distance of local schools, shops and amenities. The property has been sensitively extended and refurbished by ..."
"OPPORTUNITY Bradley Hall is delighted to be appointed to market this potential development opportunity in Longbenton, Newcastle upon Tyne. LOCATION The subject property is located between Front Street and Hoylake Avenue in Longbenton, Newcastle upon Tyne. Front Street is a p..."
"We are proud to present this Six Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.GUIDE PRICE - £800,000-830,000"
"BACK TO THE MARKET This exceptional, architect designed and contemporary semi-detached family home, is ideally positioned at the desirable Heritage Gardens, High Gosforth Park. Heritage Gardens, which was originally constructed in 2019 as part of the Walled Garden development, is placed wit..."
"Substantial Early Edwardian Terraced Home Perfectly Located within the Heart of Gosforth, Offering Two Large Reception Rooms, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Utility Room, Five Bedrooms plus Home Office/Study Space, Family Bathroom, Shower Room, Front Garden, Rear Courtyard & Garage!This lovely, purpose ..."
"A six bedroom family home, situated on the periphery of the Darras Hall Estate with open countryside to the rear. The property has been maintained to a high standard and offers a flexible arrangement with modern fixtures and fittings. The family home is entered into a large hallwa..."
"This substantial, modern detached family home occupies an impressive plot and is ideally located at the desirable Hazelwood Road, Great Park, Gosforth.Hazelwood Road, which is tucked just off from Sir Bobby Robson Way and Oakwood Drive, is a residential street of luxury self built plots and offer..."
"Situated on the desirable Northumberland Avenue in the heart of Gosforth, this three storey period detached home offers fantastic family accommodation with a delightful west facing garden. The property has been remodelled by the current owners over a number years, creating a modern home, with th..."
"A stylish contemporary, four bedroom detached family home in an exclusive gated development in Medburn, a short drive to Darras Hall and Ponteland. The spacious house offers a superb arrangement with countryside views to the rear. The property is entered into a spacious hallway giving ..."
"Substantial family home situated on the prestigious Darras Road. This versatile property comprises of to the ground floor a porch, entrance hallway, lounge, living room, dining room, conservatory, brekafast kitchen, two bedrooms and shower room, to the first floor there are two further bedro..."
"Deceptively spacious 4 bedroom detached bungalow, occupying a lovely private garden site on the sought after Eastern Way in Darras Hall. This lovely home has upgraded and extended, to offer Generously proportioned and beautifully finished accommodation with driveway parking for several cars and..."
"Situated within the prestigious and highly sought after Darras Hall estate, this wonderful five bedroom detached property will make the perfect family home! Upon entering the property, you are greeted by the light and airy hallway which leads you through to the contemporary kitchen, se..."
"A delightful five bedroom, cottage style, family home, set in mature South facing gardens extending to approx 0.34 acres within walking distance to Ponteland village and its amenities. Set on the sought after Runnymede Road, the property, which has been sensitively updated by the curr..."
"The Kingsley is a five-bedroom home with an open-plan kitchen/family/breakfast room and separate living room, both with French doors to the garden, a dining room, study, utility room, downstairs WC and storage. Three bedrooms are en-suite, three have balcony access and one even has a dressing room."
"A five bedroom detached family home, located in a quiet cul de sac, which is within walking distance to Ponteland Village. This spacious home has been recently renovated to create well-balanced living accommodation including three reception rooms and three bathrooms. The property is en..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this stunning 1950's traditional style, three bedroom detached family home set on a desirable 1/3 acre corner plot on Edge Hill in the sought after Darras Hall area of Ponteland. The prime location of this property affords easy access to highly regarded schooling fo..."
"This immaculately presented contemporary home is available for sale with an exceptional West facing plot and is located close to village amenities, excellent schools, lovely walks and convenient transport links. The front door opens to a sizeable vestibule with cloaks storage and access to the pr..."
SEMI DETACHED HOME - END OF CUL DE SAC - CENTRAL JESMOND LOCATION Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this extended semi detached home located on the popular Bemersyde Drive in Jesmond. This substantial family home has five bedrooms and has a secluded garden space to the rear.
An exceptionally well proportioned five bedroom property with a substantial plot and sought after location. This lovely home benefits from flexible living accommodation and is within the catchment area of outstanding schools for all ages. The front door opens to a lobby and an impressive receptio...
"A fantastic and rare opportunity has arisen to acquire this stunning five-bedroom, terrace house. Located within Jesmond, one of the most sought after areas in the whole of the North East. Recently renovated to a high standard, this beautiful home offers modern and contemporary decor, as well as ..."
Four bedroom detached house set in beautiful location in Walbottle...
**360 VIRTUAL TOUR** - DESIRABLE LOCATION - DETACHED HOME - 4 BEDROOMS Brunton Residential are delighted to welcome to the market this beautifully presented four bedroom detached home on Paddock Lane in Killingworth. This Bellway 'Rowan' has been finished to a high standard and has a large ...
 COMING SOON - REGISTER YOUR INTEREST NOW! Contemporary living Three floors of luxury in the middle of Gosforth Ground floor kitchen and living space with French doors to your outside space First floor living room with Juliet balcony overlooking The Square En suite to the master bedr...
** SIX BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE WITH 0.45 OF LAND**POTENTIAL TO BUILD ON THE LAND**VERSATILE LIVING** SPACIOUS UTILTY ROOM AND MULTIPLE BATHROOM AND EN-SUITES**VIEWING ADVISED**COUNCIL TAX BAND C**EPC = E**
Unique and well finished five bedroom detached house situated within 0.45 acre plot in a great position within Walbottle village... Well finished 5 bedroom detached house in the heart of Walbottle village.
"Heaton Property is delighted to bring the stunningly splendid detached house to the Sales Market. We believe this to be the most impressive house set within the exclusive and highly desirable Hayon Grange Estate.
Opportunities in this location are rarer than hens teeth..."
"A recently extended and very well presented 4 bedroom detached bungalow occupying a private, mature garden plot extending to circa 0.3 acres within this highly desirable residential area. The welcoming Reception Hall leads to the generous open plan Kitchen/Dining and Living area fitted with a..."
Final Milbourne plot remaining ** Plot 39 ** An impressive detached family house facing onto a lovely grass meadow. Stunning location! 
This contemporary modern home has been renovated and extended by the current owners to provide luxury accommodation within close proximity of Broadway shopping centre and Darras Hall Primary School. The front door opens to an impressive hallway giving access to a fabulous open plan family dining ...
"SUPERB FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED DORMER BUNGALOW, WITH LARGE CORNER GARDEN SITE, EXTENSIVE DRIVEWAY AND DOUBLE GARAGE - NEWLY LANDSCAPED GARDEN & NEW STYLISH 'STONEHOUSE' BATHROOM. An impressive, four bedroom detached dormer bungalow, occupying a lovely corner site of approx. 0.25 acre in King Jo..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY | SEVEN BEDROOMS | NO ONWARD CHAIN | SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Jan Forster Estates welcome to the market this substantial seven bedroom end terraced home on Cavendish Road in Jesmond with Dene views, masses of potential, the benefit of being freehold and offered for sa..."
"This fabulous home is available for sale with no onward chain and benefits from an elegant open plan family kitchen with central island and dining area. The front door opens to a welcoming hallway leading to the comfortable dual aspect living room. There is a ground floor WC, beautiful dining kit..."
" A magnificent investment opportunity to purchase this three storey HMO licensed house situated within the heart of Jesmond on Highbury, which faces the Town Moor is close to local cafes, restaurants and shops and within walking distance of West Jesmond Metro station. The property occupies a cor..."
"Dobsons Estate Agents are delighted to bring to market this spacious four bedroom detached bungalow, with mature South Facing gardens extending to circa 0.3 acres. The property, which has been immaculately maintained by the current owners, is entered into a welcoming hallway, giving ac..."
" A delightful family home, priced to reflect cosmetic updating. With an abundance of period charm, this four bedroom semi-detached family home is ideally located on Newbrough Crescent, Jesmond. Newbrough Crescent, situated close to excellent local schooling is perfectly placed to give access to ..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire this architecturally designed mid-terrace home, positioned on a generous plot within the the heart of Jesmond. St. Georges Close, a private no through road leading to St. Georges Church is tucked just off Osborne Road and is situated close to excellent local schoolin..."
"A spacious 5 bedroom home with detached double garage and impressive central hallway leading to a practical layout, perfect for modern family living."
"Enjoy spacious and luxurious living in the 5 bedroom Portrush with an impressive open plan kitchen with space for dining, entertaining and relaxing."
"The Rudchester is an elegant 4 bedroom detached house of around 2,070 sq ft with double integral garage and driveway. The long living kitchen and family room stretch the width of the property and ideal to entertain from. "
"A generous and extended, five bedroom detached bungalow set in a lovely garden plot on Collingwood Crescent, just off Middle Drive in Darras Hall. The spacious bungalow, which has a superb south west facing rear aspect, offers great versatile accommodation, with five bedrooms which would also be..."
"***SAVE UP TO £18,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^***The Cedar an executive new home with FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, THREE EN SUITES and DRESSING AREA to the master bedroom. OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with UTILITY ROOM plus separate living room, dedicated STUDY"
"Dobsons Estate Agents are delighted to bring to market this idyllic three bedroom detached house, sitting on an approx 0.4 acre site, with potential to further extend (subject to planning consents). The property is entered into the reception hall with feature bay window to the rear, le..."
A well presented detached property with generous sized garden is situated at the end of a cull de sac on Whitebridge Park Gosforth.
"A gorgeous well maintained purpose built three storey Victorian mid terrace house, situated on the sought after Holly Avenue Jesmond. The property still retains some of its period features including coving, ceiling roses, fireplaces and also boasts generous 70 square meter open plan living. Bri..."
Investment opportunity | Six bedroom HMO | Let out until summer 2024 | 2023-2024 £102pppw | Next door also available
"We are delighted to the welcome to the market this very well presented semi detached family home situated on Ashdale Crescent in Chapel House . The accommodation briefly comprises: an entrance hallway, open plan lounge and dining room, fitted kitchen and utility area. To the landing there are..."
"A spacious five bedroom detached family home within a quiet cul-de-sac. The property benefits flexible living accommodation with potential to modernise and extend (subject to planning consents). This family home offers a well balanced arrangement including dining kitchen, dining room, ..."
"This luxurious property benefits from a fabulous plot circa 0.34 acres with beautiful countryside views. The bungalow has a comfortable dual aspect living room with French doors to the patio area, an elegant modern kitchen, generous dining room also with doors to the patio, guest WC, master bedro..."
This larger style detached home benefits from no onward chain and is situated on a sought-after private road within Jameson Manor estate. The property type is 'The Plane' which benefits from an open plan kitchen dining area with family room and two en-suite shower rooms. The front door op...
"*NEW RELEASE* Exclusive family home The Draper features FOUR DOUBLE bedrooms with THREE EN SUITES plus DRESSING AREA to the large master bedroom. Extensive OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with TWO SETS of FRENCH DOORS accessing the rear garden plus useful UTILITY ROOM and INTEGRAL GARAGE."
"A well presented and deceptively spacious 3 bedroomed detached dormer bungalow, in an excellent position, within the sought after Darras Hall Estate. The Reception Hall has Karndean flooring, wall lights, cloaks and storage cupboards, whilst the Cloakroom/WC has a low level wc and pedestal wash b..."
"This lovely dormer bungalow benefits from a generous plot circa 1/3rd of an acre and no onward chain. The front door opens to a welcoming hallway with storage and a convenient ground floor WC. There is an open plan lounge diner leading to the kitchen, conservatory, utility room, hallway to the ga..."
"Superb three bedroom detached bungalow, on an excellent 0.26 acre garden site on Eastern Way, with easy access to Ponteland village and The Broadway A well presented detached bungalow, occupying a beautiful mature garden site on Eastern Way, with an extensive driveway with parking for several ..."
 FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION. THE PROPERTY IS SOLD UNDER UNCONDITIONAL AUCTION TERMS AND CONDITIONS. VIEWING BY APPOINTMENT ONLY. Investment opportunity in CENTRAL Newcastle location taking in VIEWS OVER THE TOWN MOOR and ideal for those working at the hospitals and un...
"***SAVE UP TO £18,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^***The Redwood is an executive family home with FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS with DRESSING AREA to the master, TWO EN SUITE shower rooms plus contemporary family bathroom. An OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family room with FRENCH DOORS"
"Attractive four bedroom extended detached house, ideally located in the sought after Denewood within the popular residential area of Forest Hall. Built in 1990. Externally, there is a large paved driveway leading up to the detached garage, providing safe, and secure off street parking. There ..."
" This impressive and substantial five bedroom detached house situated on the highly sought after Killingworth Village in a popular residential estate, simply must be viewed! Situated in this well laid out cul -de -sac alongside other high quality homes the fabulous first class accommodation brie..."
"The Ropes is an exclusive development of design-led townhouses for sale in Ouseburn. These architectural homes, built with modern materials, are for people who love big spaces – and the little details. Ready in 2023, each home will be set over four floors, have floor-to-ceiling windows, ..."
"**NOT TO BE MISSED** With an impressive amount of living space and a modern design touch, this five-bedroom detached home is the perfect opportunity for growing families.  The entrance leads into the large hallway, with the dining room to the right, benefiting ..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates are pleased to welcome to the market this beautifully presented, four-bedroom, detached family home with driveway and integral garage in the increasingly popular residential development of Moorfields. Briefly comprising of an entrance hallway, WC, living room and kitc..."
"Signature North East have an exciting opportunity to acquire this beautiful, three-bedroom, detached home in the heart of Westerhope, Newcastle, nestled on the highly desirable and exclusive, Highfield Road. Boasting sleek, modern décor and spacious living throughout, this property was completely..."
"Astonishing, four-bedroom period property located just 1.4 miles from Forest Hall village, 0.2 miles from Benton Metro station and a short 6-minute walk to the wonderful Benton Quarry park. With attractive original features and a mixture of period and contemporary décor througho..."
5 Bedroom Detached Property with Large Garage KEY FEATURES • ‘The Raeburn' by Charles Church • Palatial hallway • Spacious lounge • 5 Bedrooms • Stylish decor • Open plan kitchen/diner • Utility room • Additional family room • Balcony • Large garden not overlooked • Double garage an...
An impressive 4-bedroom home with double garage on the popular Heritage Green estate in Backworth. This beautiful home offers approximately 2000 square feet of generous & versatile living accommodation. Properties of this standard are rare to the market and sure to go quick. <...
"Signature North East are delighted to welcome a brilliant opportunity to acquire this stunning, five-bedroom detached, family home to the sales market. Situated on the highly desirable Ladywell Way, Ponteland, this property offers spacious rooms throughout and flexible family living in a fantasti..."
"TWO PRE RENTED FLATS | INVESTMENT OPORTUNITY | INCOME FOR 2023/2024 - £42,998 Jan Forster Estates welcome to the market two well presented apartments on Osborne Terrace in Jesmond. The apartments are tenanted until August 2024 The converted apartments are set on the top floor of..."
"1,000+ sq ft brand new, duplex two-bedroom apartment benefiting from a prime location in Jesmond. Independent later living exclusively for people over 60, designed for downsizing. "
" """" Currently Tenanted """" """" Rental £2790 PCM"""" """" NMO Licensed """" Well presented six bedroom end terrace is ideally located in the highly desirable area of Jesmond, always ever popular with the students due to its location, within close proximity to Wes..."
"***SAVE UP TO £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^***The Lime is a generous family home featuring 3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS, as well as 2 EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOMS. There is also a spacious ground floor layout, including OPEN-PLAN kitchen and family room with FRENCH DOORS, separate LIVING and DINING room"
The Killingworth a double-fronted home that embraces contemporary design. THREE DOUBLE bedrooms with an EN SUITE to the master plus modern family bathroom. OPEN PLAN kitchen and dining / family room with FRENCH DOORS opening into garden plus additional set also accessing the garden from living room
"The Raeburn is a five-bedroom home with a central entrance hall leading to the living room, dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, utility, WC and storage cupboard. The living room and breakfast room both have French doors to the garden. The en suite master bedroom and study both enjoy balcony access."
"Spacious four bedroom modern detached home, enjoying a quiet cul de sac position on this popular development , ideally positioned for easy access to the Golf Club and Ponteland Village. The property benefits from an attractive south west facing rear garden, generous block paved driveway and att..."
"Signature North East is proud to welcome this stunning five-bedroom, three-bathroom, detached family home located on the highly desirable Fulmar Drive, Backworth. The home is beautifully presented with modern and neutral decor as well as stunning made to measure shutter blinds throughout. The hom..."
"NEW RELEASE - The Watchmaker is an executive family home FIVE DOUBLE bedrooms - two of which feature EN SUITE shower rooms. An OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with stunning BI-FOLDING doors to the rear garden and UTILITY ROOM. Separate living room and dedicated STUDY for working from home."
"**Investment Opportunity**Five Bedroom HMO** An extended three storey period house, well placed for access to all Jesmond amenities. Enjoying a long rental history, the house is currently let until August 2024, with an annual rent rising to £26,000 and a gross yield of 4.95%. The house incl..."
DETACHED DORMER BUNGALOW - POPULAR LOCATION - THREE BEDROOM Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this three bedroom detached bungalow located on Brackenside in the ever popular Melton Park estate. This home is in an excellent condition and has a newly installed kitchen with separate uti...
"A four bedroom dormer bungalow, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac, close to local amenities. The property offers versatile living accommodation with the added potential to extend (subject to planning consents). The property is entered into the entrance porch, through to the entrance hall ..."
"FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME - DOUBLE GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY - SOUTH FACING REAR GARDENS Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this Raeburn by Persimmon. This property is situated on an excellent position on Saltwick Avenue, Greenside, within the wider Great Park development. The pro..."
"A spacious five bedroom detached family home situated on a private cul-de-sac, with countryside views from the South facing rear gardens. The property offers great potential to modernise and extend, subject to planning consents. The home is entered through glazed porch, int..."
"Presented with no onward chain, a superb four bedroom double fronted detached house with a lovely landscaped southerly facing garden and a double garage. The property benefits from a spacious hallway, a study space, living room and a dining room downstairs. There is also a modern kitchen, down..."
"A fabulous opportunity to purchase a 4 bedroomed detached family home, in an excellent location within the sought after Eland Haugh development, well placed for 'village' amenities. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, the Entrance Hall leads to the spacious Reception Ha..."
"SELLING FAST - OVER 50% RESERVED!Urban Base are delighted to present 'Towers Court' an exclusive development of 14 apartments in the heart of Jesmond widely regarded as the most fashionable suburb of Newcastle. Conveniently located for access to the city centre, Jesmond offers an eclect..."
"Property located in Austrian Way , Fenham"
"RARE BUILD TYPE - LARGE FAMILY HOME - EXTENSIVE GARDENS WITH GARAGE Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this detached home located on Elemore Close in Great Park. This home, being the only one of its type on this section of Great Park, offers a rare chance to acquire a large amount of ..."
4 Bedroom Detached House for Sale KEY FEATURES • Desirable residential location • 4 Double bedrooms • 2 en-suites • 23ft living room • Study on ground floor • Immaculate throughout • Fitted linen cupboards • Large easy to maintain landscaped garden • Double garage • Gated driveway •...
"**360 VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE** RARELY AVAILABLE - FANTASTIC PLOT - IMMACULATELY PRESENTED Brunton Residential are delighted to offer to the market this superb 4 bedroom detached home, located on an enviable plot, adjacent to the Community Centre, Brunton First School and the football pitches ..."
"5 bedroom home features OPEN PLAN living and dining, designer kitchen with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and FRENCH DOORS. Separate LIVING ROOM. Downstairs WC and utility cupboard. Main Bedroom includes EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM. "
"A well presented 3 bedroom detached bungalow in a superb location within the Darras Hall Estate. With gas central heating and sealed unit double glazing, The Entrance Hall leads to the spacious Lounge with large window to front, window to side, open fire with feature tiled surround and hear..."
"Includes 12 month mortgage contribution worth £6000! 5 bedroom home features OPEN PLAN living and dining, designer kitchen with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES. Separate LIVING ROOM. Downstairs WC and utility cupboard. Main bedroom includes EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM. Boutique bathroom with DESIGNE..."
"DETACHED BUNGALOW - LUXURY CONDITION - FANTASTIC GARDENS Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this detached bungalow located on Station Road, within walking distance to Kenton Bank Foot Metro station. This home is in a stunning condition throughout and has some excellent garden spaces t..."
"A detached, four-bedroom house, offering spacious living accomodation throughout, conveniently situated in the sought-after village of Ponteland, within walking distance of local amenities. "
"SUPER STYLISH PRESENTATION! This fully refurbished and extended 1930s semi-detached family home is ideally situated on the highly sought after Jesmond Park West. Ideally placed close to outstanding local schooling, Jesmond Park West also provides easy access the local shops, amenities, Paddy Free..."
"A five bedroom detached family home, situated in the village of Prestwick within easy commute to Ponteland village and with excellent transport links. The property is entered into the porch leading to the hallway, giving access to the main accommodation, which includes kitchen and larg..."
"WITH STUNNING OPEN ASPECT VIEWS OVER OUSEBURN & SANDYFORD! A rare opportunity to purchase this delightful four/five bedroomed, period family home with its own fantastic tiered rear gardens providing views out over the Ouseburn located on Stratford Grove Terrace, Heaton. Stratford Grove Terrace, i..."
"A SOUTH FACING one bedroom retirement apartment, situated on the GROUND FLOOR WITH PATIO AREA. “83% of McCarthy & Stone homeowners experienced a sense of community in their new property”."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this unique detached family home on Park Drive, in this very sought after Village. The house is filled with natural light with a welcoming hall and spacious living accommodation across two floors. The enclosed gardens are mainly lawn laid and would make an id..."
"This fabulous, four bedroom, mid terrace house provides a unique setting within South Gosforth with its local amenities including shops and restaurants, as well as being only a short distance from Gosforth High Street and South Gosforth Metro station. The property has been well maintained and off..."
FIVE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED - LOFT CONVERSION - SOUTH FACING GARDEN Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this sizeable semi detached home located on Polwarth Crescent within the popular Brunton Park estate. This semi detached home was originally built with four bedrooms while a ...
* VIEWS VIEWS VIEWS * EXECUTIVE PENTHOUSE * STUNNING OPEN PLAN LIVING SPACE * PANORAMIC VIEWS OF THE QUAYSIDE FROM EVERY ROOM & PROBABLY THE LARGEST ROOFTOP TERRACE IN THE CITY CENTRE— A TRULY STUNNING PROPERTY ORIGINALLY THE SHOW HOME FOR THE DEVELOPMENT & DESIGNED BY THE WORLD-FAMOUS CONRAN &...
"A 3 bedroom detached bungalow in a superb location, just a short distance from Schools and Shopping facilities. The accommodation would benefit from some cosmetic updating and provides an exceptional opportunity to create a fabulous home to the purchasers, own taste and requirements. With gas fir..."
"**Spacious family home**Immaculately presented** Property Rung are delighted to bring to the market For Sale this beautifully presented 5 Bedroom Detached House on Hotspur North, in the ever popular location of Backworth. Situated within an enviable plot and enjoying a private garden to Rear a..."
Forest Close is an exclusive new development of three newly built dormer bungalows and one thoroughly refurbished house in the heart of Forest Hall set off West Croft Road. The first property to be released to market publicly is this impressive three bedroom dormer bungalow. The prope...
For Sale by Unconditional Auction.. Reservation fee terms and conditions apply Pattinsons are delighted to offer for sale by auction this substantial premises. Situated on the corner of Bishops Avenue and the ever popular Westgate Road this will prove popular to investors. Briefly comprisin...
FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - FANTASTICALLY PRESENTED Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this substantial detached home located on Fulmar Drive which is part of the ever-popular Heritage Green development in Backworth. This immaculate property offers a large amo...
" This beautiful outstanding rare to the market four bedroom mid terrace house boasts fantastic sized accommodation on this highly sought after area in Benton, close to local amenities schools and good transport links. The property boasts original features throughout, no onward chain, gas centra..."
"Stylish Modern Townhouse Offering Stunning Open Aspect Views with Lounge, Contemporary Open Plan Kitchen/Diner, Four Bedrooms plus Study, Family Bathroom & En-Suite, Private South Facing Sun Terrace, Front & Rear Gardens, Detached Double Garage/Gymnasium & No Onward Chain! This excelle..."
"***SAVE UP TO £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^***The Plane is an impressive detached home with FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, a SPACIOUS OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area, UTILITY ROOM, cloakroom TWO ENSUITES, a DRESSING AREA to bedroom 1, and externally an INTEGRAL GARAGE"
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a four bedroom semi detached family house situated on a corner site. This property is perfectly positioned on a popular street and offers spacious living accommodation. There are gardens front and side with a garden and garage to the rear. A must view property.
"The Whitley is a lovely family home which features FOUR DOUBLE bedrooms with an EN SUITE to the master plus modern family bathroom. An OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with UTILTY ROOM and FRENCH DOORS accessing the rear garden., Separate living room on the ground floor plus INTEGRAL GARAGE"
"A fabulous 3 bedroomed semi detached family house situated within this highly desirable residential area. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, this property has considerable character and charm, with many lovely features including stained and leaded windows and deep cove..."
***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** Set within a pleasant cul de sac in this highly regarded and sought after residential location is this FABULOUS DETACHED FAMILY HOME which boasts off street parking for a number of cars to the front and ...
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** This stunning four bedroom double fronted, detached family home is positioned on the sought after Dorchester Place, Kenton Bank Foot. The property is known as 'The Lilly', constructed by Cussins, is in a fant..."
" A very spacious, three bedroom duplex apartment on the second and third floors of this exclusive development which is ideally situated on Adderstone Court, Jesmond. Originally constructed by Miller Homes in 2000, the property is located within one of the most sought after secure gated developme..."
"Signature North East are delighted to introduce this gorgeous four bedroom, detached family home to the sales market which is available with no upper chain and showcases beautiful décor and styling throughout all spacious rooms. The property is situated on the quiet cul-de-sac of Bluestone Court,..."
"The Broadhaven benefits from a great kitchen/dining/family room opening out onto the garden. There’s a separate living room, a utility room, a downstairs shower room/cloakroom and an integral garage. Upstairs two of the bedrooms benefit from en suite bathrooms and there’s a modern family bathroom."
"A fantastic detached home where flexibility is key. The large OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN and dining area is perfect for entertaining. The FRENCH DOORS open out on to your garden. You'll also find a SEPARATE DINING ROOM, SPACIOUS LOUNGE and HANDY UTILITY ROOM on the ground floor. Head upstairs and you'll s..."
"WELL SITUATED FOUR BED DETACHED HOUSE which was built in 2018 by Story Homes to the ‘Arundel’ Plan on a generous corner site. This property exudes kerb appeal, has from the remainder of a 10 year NHBC guarantee as well as all of the features and extras typically associated with a new build home. "
Bradley Hall is pleased to bring to the market 17 Montagu Court. This unique apartment is located within a well-known building with excellent views across Newcastle’s town moor. A fantastic three-bedroom apartment which also features a double garage in the basement. Secure entran...
"Thetford - DOUBLE GARAGE & PARKING, Large OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/family room, LAUNDRY room, WC, lounge with BAY WINDOW, DRESSING ROOM & ENSUITE to main bedroom, ENSUITE to bed TWO, 3 further bedrooms & family bathroom. AMPLE STORAGE. Incorporating feature french doors, the welcoming family and..."
"With stylish presentation, south-east facing rear gardens and open aspect views! A fine example of a three-storey town-house tucked away in Jesmond Park Court. Situated to the East of Melbury Road, Jesmond Park Court forming part of this leafy suburb and is well positioned providing easy access i..."
"A beautifully presented and appointed 4 bedroomed detached house, refurbished throughout to provide impeccable family accommodation. Conveniently situated within this sought after area, the Entrance Hall has Amtico flooring, continuing into the Reception Hall, with cloaks cupboard and Cloakroom/W..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this four bedroom detached family house on the Spinney, in the very sought after Killingworth Village. The house is filled with natural light with a welcoming hall and spacious living accommodation across two floors. The substantial enclosed rear garden is ma..."
"This charming extended bungalow benefits from no onward chain and generous room sizes. The front door opens to a hallway giving access to a comfortable living room with views of the garden. There is a dining room leading to an impressive fitted kitchen, utility area with access to the double gara..."
"This bungalow benefits from a fabulous plot with a sunny aspect and an exceptional location close to the Broadway shopping centre. The front door opens to a welcoming hallway with access to the principal rooms of the bungalow. There is a comfortable dual aspect living room with feature fireplace,..."
**A RARE OPPERTUNITY TO PURCHASE THIS SIX BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE WHICH HAS ALSO BEEN EXTENDED **OFFERING VERSATILE LIVING** A MUST VIEW**COUNCIL TAX BAND E**AWAITING EPC**
"Ground floor, brand new, modern two-bedroom apartment. Benefitting from a prime location in Jesmond. Independent later living exclusively for people over 60. "
"A detached three bedroom dormer style house set on a mature, private site extending to circa 0.34 acres, located on a quiet road within the Darras Hall Estates with potential to extend and modernise, subject to consents. The property is entered into a partially glazed porch giving acce..."
"A substantial modernised family home which provides spacious living accommodation across two floors. Located on this favourable sought after residential street on Forest Avenue, in Forest Hall. Conveniently placed within close proximity to the Village of Forest Hall with its shops, restaurants,..."
"Impressive Three Bedroom end terrace property; located on the popular Newlands Road, High West Jesmond and oozing with an abundance of character throughout. A variety of amenities, transport links and and local parks can be found right on the doorstep of Newlands Road, including the l..."
"This third-floor spacious apartment which has been finished to a high standard is located within the lower block of this iconic Gosforth building, with wonderful south facing Town Moor views, all within the bustling and popular suburb of Gosforth. This apartment also comes with a private garage...."
" A spacious end of terrace, three storey, six bedroom house overlooking Jesmond Vale with Jesmond Dene close by. Offering over 2345 sq ft of accommodation and currently tenanted until Summer 2024 achieving in excess of £32,000pa. There is a large lounge, modern breakfasting kitchen, six g..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | kZa49qQjF4 ** FIVE/SIX BEDROOMS | EXTENDED DETACHED HOME | STUNNING GARDEN Jan Forster Estates present to the market this well presented and extended five/six bedroom detached family home on Princes Meadow in Gosforth. ...
"This a superb opportunity to purchase this large, renovated family home. This popular location provides access to local schools, shops, and other amenities whilst also providing road and transport links to surrounding areas. Internally the home boasts a modern living space to the left, as..."
*** INVESTMENT Property // Tenanted HMO Compliant | SIZEABLE House with lots of CHARACTER | Sought-after Location | Original Features | EXCELLENT Investment Opportunity | Please check our VIDEO TOUR | Enquiries 8 am - 9 pm / 7 Days a Week | 
"Signature North East are delighted to introduce this gorgeous, four bedroom, detached home, to the sales market showcasing beautiful décor and styling throughout. Situated on the highly desirable Bluestone Court, Backworth, this property benefits from being in a great location with a range of ame..."
"FOUR BEDROOMS | DETACHED FAMILY HOME | TWO EN SUITES | GARAGE & DRIVE Jan Forster Estates have the pleasure of welcoming this stunning ‘Pine’ from Bellway on Winder Drive in Havannah Park, with two en suites, ground floor WC and beautiful log burner. Havannah Park is a develop..."
"*NEW RELEASE* The Weaver features FOUR DOUBLE bedrooms with DRESSING AREA to the master and TWO EN SUITES. Large OPEN PLAN dining, kitchen and family area ideal for entertaining with FRENCH DOORS to the garden and UTILITY ROOM with outside access. Separate living room served by entry hallway"
"The Weaver features FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS with TWO EN SUITES and a DRESSING ROOM to the master bedroom. A large OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with UTILITY ROOM and FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden from the dining area and living room. Single GARAGE with two off road parking spaces."
SEMI DETACHED HOME - EXTENDED - FRONT & REAR GARDENS Brunton Residential offer for sale this fantastic semi detached home within Brunton Park in Gosforth. This perfect family home has been extended over the garage along with a two story extension to the rear.
*NEW RELEASE* The Brenkley features THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS and a single with TWO ENSUITES. Spacious kitchen with adjoining UTILITY ROOM and FAMILY AREA with FRENCH DOORS opening into the garden. Front facing living room and dedicated DINING ROOM. Discover more about this home today
The Brenkley features THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS and a single with TWO ENSUITES. Spacious kitchen with adjoining UTILITY ROOM and FAMILY AREA with FRENCH DOORS opening into the garden. Front facing living room and dedicated DINING ROOM
"This generous two bedroom ground floor apartment requires full renovation/modernisation throughout, making it the perfect opportunity for those seeking their next project. The property itself is located within one of Newcastle’s most sought after residential areas. High West Jes..."
This well presented semi detached family home is located in central Gosforth and makes the most of its setting with off street parking and generous garden. This versatile home has been extended and improved to allow for accommodation over 2 floors and will have to be viewed to be appreciated. It ...
"We are delighted to the welcome to the market this well presented semi detached bungalow on Roachburn Road Hillheads Estate in Westerhope. The accommodation briefly comprises: an entrance lobby, lounge, fitted kitchen, two bedrooms and family bathroom. Other benefits include double glazing and g..."
"Living/Dining | Kitchen | Master Bedroom with en suite | Bedroom 2 | BathroomEnjoying a prime position in Jesmond, Newcastle upon Tyne, Pegasus Jesmond Assembly is a stylish collection of independent, later living apartments for people over 60 offering a fantastic selection of one and two bedroom..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates are pleased to welcome to the market, this immaculately presented, four-bedroom, detached family home located in the increasingly popular residential development of Moorfields, close-by to a range of amenities, schooling and transport links. Bright and spacious through..."
" 2 bedroom ground floor apartment Living/Dining/Kitchen | Master Bedroom with en suite | Bedroom 2 | Bathroom | Garden Enjoying a prime position in Jesmond, Newcastle upon Tyne, Pegasus Jesmond Assembly is a stylish collection of independent, later living apartments for people over 60 offe..."
LUXURY CONDITION - LANDSCAPED GARDEN - DRIVEWAY WITH GARAGE Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this four bedroom detached home located on Corver Crescent in the hugely popular Havannah Park development. This immaculate 'Whitebeam' style home from Bellway has a landscaped rear garden a...
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** FIVE BEDROOMS | SEMI DETACHED HOME | 21ft KITCHEN DINER Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this extended five bedroom semi detached property located on the highly regarded Bowfield Av...
"""Space for any growing family"" This terraced property set on the much sought-after Ilford Road, Jesmond is the perfect opportunity to put your stamp on this family home. The Tour From the entrance hallway you have two re..."
"We are delighted to offer this well presented four bedroom semi-detached house situated in Grainger park close to local amenities and excellent transport links. The accommodation briefly comprises:- Entrance hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility room, conservatory, stairs to first flo..."
LARGE FAMILY HOME - BESPOKE FITTED KITCHEN - GARAGE AND ALLOCATED PARKING. Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this larger style townhouse located at the far end of Featherstone Grove on the Melbury development in Great Park. This property is positioned within the green area giving it...
" Living/Dining | Kitchen | Master Bedroom with en suite | Bedroom 2 | Bathroom | Balcony Situated in the leafy suburb of Jesmond in Newcastle, Jesmond Assembly is a stunning collection of 63 independent living homes exclusively for the over 60s, with a fantastic selection of one and two bedro..."
" VIEWING COMES STRONGLY RECOMMENDED ON THIS OUTSTANDING 4 BEDROOM LINK SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED ON THE HIGHLY DESIRABLE RESIDENTIAL LOCATION. The property is conveniently placed for access to an abundance of amenities including schools, shops and transport links. The tastefully exten..."
"Beautiful family home The Acacia includes FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, two with EN SUITES, a spacious OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area, INTEGRATED kitchen APPLIANCES, an integral GARAGE and more. Discover more about this new home today"
"The Acacia features 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS and TWO EN SUITES. OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden ideal for entertaining plus adjoining UTILITY ROOM. Separate front facing living room to relax with cloakroom and single INTEGRAL GARAGE completing the home."
"*NEW RELEASE* The Trillium is an impressive 4-bedroom home with an INTEGRAL GARAGE. The generous OPEN-PLAN kitchen, family and dining area with UTILITY ROOM offers masses of space for cooking and relaxation with FRENCH DOORS opening into the west facing garden. "
"The Lorimer features an OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with UTILITY ROOM. A separate living room, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS with TWO EN SUITE shower rooms and a stylish family bathroom off an open landing. Discover more about this BRAND NEW CHAIN FREE HOME today"
CASH BUYER INCENTIVE If you are a cash buyer and purchase this property we will instruct you with one of our panel of solicitors and pay their fee! Terms & Conditions apply - contact us for more information
Extended and much improved 5 bedroom house on the fantastic Abbey Farm estate...
LUXURY CONDITION - LANDSCAPED GARDEN - DRIVEWAY WITH GARAGE Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this four bedroom detached home located on Stoneman Court in the hugely popular Havannah Park development. This immaculate 'Whitebeam' style home from Bellway has a luxury landscaped rear g...
"WELL PRESENTED FAMILY HOME with WEST BACKING REAR GARDENS! This delightful, 1930's semi-detached family home is ideally situated on the west backing side of Sturdee Gardens, High West Jesmond. Sturdee Gardens, located close to excellent local schooling, is perfectly placed to give easy access to ..."
This portfolio of 3 apartments forms part of one end of terrace building and have been a successful rental for many years and is being sold as a whole and is ideally suited for investors looking for properties in this sought after suburb which is popular with students and professionals alike. 
"***SAVE UP TO £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** The Trillium is an impressive 4-bedroom home with an INTEGRAL GARAGE. The generous OPEN-PLAN kitchen, family and dining area with UTILITY offers masses of space for cooking and relaxation. There's also a separate living room."
"Designed with flexibility in mind the OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN DINER opens out into the WEST FACING GARDEN through FRENCH DOORS. From entertaining guests in the LARGE LIVING AREAS to working from home in the STUDY, you’ll love the multi-purpose rooms that adapt to your needs. With 4 SPACIOUS DOUBLE BEDR..."
A beautiful extended property with an enviable open plan layout and fabulous South facing aspect. The front door opens to a convenient porch and hallway leading to a stylish open plan dining room with French doors to the sitting room. There is an opening to the living room with an impressive vaul...
"The Radleigh home offers an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN/breakfast and SPACIOUS LOUNGE which is flooded with light from the FRENCH DOORS. A separate study is ideal when working from home. Upstairs there are 4 SPACIOUS DOUBLE BEDROOMS, the main complete with EN SUITE. Completing this home is a modern family ..."
" Superb FAMILY HOME with 3 doubles & 2 singles, modern OPEN PLAN kitchen, flexible ..."
"The sash-style windows of this family home give it a delightfully traditional feel, while inside the large open-plan kitchen with its dining and family areas is designed very much for modern living. Essential utility space is discreetly tucked away in a corner of the kitchen and French doors give..."
"***SAVE UP TO £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** NEW RELEASE* The Lunaria boasts FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS with EN SUITE to the master plus stylish family bathroom. OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with useful UTILITY ROOM, FRENCH DOORS on the garden and separate living room."
"Fantastic family home, boasting the perfect mixture of contemporary and traditional style throughout. Eastcliffe Avenue is conveniently located just minutes from local schools, Gosforth high street and major transport links; including a short 10 minute drive to Regent Centre metro station and 15 ..."
This fantastic two bedroom semi-detached house occupies an extremely generous plot with the benefit of a detached garage and gated access to the substantial south east facing mature garden. The front of the property offers ample off street parking and lawn as well as access to the garage. Upon en...
LAST REMAINING PLOT North Carol Wood - exclusive development - plots available from £250k - £300k Please call Bridgfords Ponteland 01661-860300 to register interest and reserve
"This beautifully presented bungalow benefits from no onward chain and a magnificent plot. The front door opens to a welcoming hallway giving access to a wonderful living room with dining area and door to the garden room. There is an elegant modern breakfast kitchen, modern shower room, three size..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this beautiful family home in Nuthatch Close on Five Mile Park, with stunning rear garden and detached garage. The property has a wealth of local amen..."
"FIVE BEDROOMS | IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT | DOUBLE DETACHED GARAGE Jan Forster Estates welcome to the market this STUNNING 5 bedroom terraced family home on Featherstone Grove in the Great Park, Gosforth, with two en suites, South facing rear garden and a double detached garage. Th..."
"Barn Conversion situated in the sought after historic Ponteland Village. The spacious accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, WC, impressive living room with patio doors to garden, breakfast kitchen, three bedrooms one of which is currently used as a dining room, family shower room. "
DETACHED HOME - EXTENDED TO THE REAR - LARGE GARDENS. Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached home located on Dunnock Place in Five Mile Park. This property is situated at the end of a cul-de-sac and has been heavily extended to create a fantastic famil...
"**360 VIRTUAL TOUR** - DESIRABLE LOCATION - EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED HOME - THREE BEDROOMS Brunton Residential are delighted to welcome to the market this beautifully presented semi-detached home located on Polwarth Road within the ever-popular Brunton Park estate, just off the Great North Road..."
"Step inside The Bradgate and you'll discover an impressive four bedroom family home. A light and SPACIOUS LOUNGE with a BAY WINDOW provides a great space for all the family, while an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN offers dining and family areas with walk in bay and FRENCH DOORS that open onto the rear garden...."
 
Four bedroom detached house in the popular estate of St Johns and offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN....
"This well proportioned, six bedroom home, is ideally situated on Rothwell Road, Gosforth. Rothwell Road, which is perfectly placed just off Church Road and also a stone’s throw from Gosforth High Street, provides excellent access to everything central Gosforth has to offer including its sho..."
"This beautiful and inviting detached property is new build and perfectly located in a residential and urban setting. It boasts a wealth of modern features and is ideal for a family. This is a four bedroom property set over two floors. Ground Floor: Lounge, kitchen diner, utility room, downst..."
"Brand new to the sales market is this gorgeous four bedroom, detached home, boasting modern décor and styling throughout. Ideally situated on Military Close, Killingworth, the property benefits from being in proximity to local amenities such as a range of shops, schooling, and strong road links, ..."
"1930’s Semi-Detached Family Home with Three Reception Rooms, Kitchen, Three Bedrooms, Family Bathroom with Separate WC, West Facing Rear Garden, Off Street Parking for Two Cars, Garage & Offered to the Market with No Onward Chain! This great, 1930’s semi-detached family home is ide..."
"An impressive four bedroom semi-detached family home with many period features and a stunning garden, this charming cottage is the perfect opportunity for someone looking for a home full of character. Ideally located in the pleasant village of Heddon-on-the-Wall within the picturesque Tyne Valley..."
"Stylish & Extended Dormer Bungalow with Lovely Lounge, Open Plan Dining/Family Space, Re-Fitted Kitchen, Four Bedrooms Including a Ground Floor Double Bedroom, Two Refitted Bathrooms, Private Rear Garden & No Onward Chain! This stylish and well-presented dormer bungalow has been extended t..."
"This impressive and larger style mid-terrace period family home is located in the heart of Heaton, will appeal to a wide range of buyers and enjoys lovely room sized with high ceilings and has been extended to the rear elevation. Accommodation comprises: Ground Floor: Entra..."
"Modern Three Storey Townhouse, Offering a First Floor Lounge with Access to Private Balcony with Wonderful Open Aspect Views over South Northumberland Cricket Ground, Kitchen/Diner, Four Bedrooms, Two Bathrooms Plus En-Suite & No Onward Chain! This great modern townhouse is perfectly located a..."
"A superb remodelled and fully refurbished four bedroom town house located within Regent Road, Lesley Court, close to Gosforth High Street. The property offers versatile accommodation over three floors to suite a variety of potential purchasers. Key features include 32ft open plan kitchen/sitting ..."
"The Alder features an OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS to the garden, UTILITY ROOM and downstairs cloakroom. Separate living room overlooking the front of the property. FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS with an EN SUITE and DRESSING AREA to the master plus modern family bathroom. "
"The Harris extends over four floors and features an open-plan kitchen, living and dining room, as well as a handy cloakroom on the ground floor. Each of the remaining floors has a double bedroom, and each bedroom has an en suite and a built-in wardrobe. French doors in the living area open on to ..."
"Bayford - DOUBLE GARAGE, lounge with BAY WINDOW, OPEN PLAN kitchen/breakfast/utility room, FRENCH DOORS to garden & downstairs WC. DRESSING ROOM & ENSUITE to main bedroom, BED 2 ENSUITE, 3 further DOUBLE bedrooms, family bathroom. A REAL WOW FACTOR. Everything you need for your dream home with t..."
"The New York loft in Newcastle City Centre. Exposed brickwork, real wooden floors and views over the city from every window. This penthouse duplex is located on the top floors of Phoenix House, Queen Street, on Newcastle’s Quayside. Neighbouring establishments include renowned e..."
"Superb extended property - must be viewed! Situated in Ponteland Village this semi detached property offers spacious versatile accommodating comprising of entrance hall, family room, lounge, dining room, re-fitted kitchen, external utility and separate wc. To the first floor four bedro..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** This immaculately presented and extended family home is conveniently located in a popular residential area, within close proximity to an array of local amenities, transport links, and well-regarded schools. The ground floor comprises an entrance hallway, a spacious loung..."
" TWO BEDROOM FOURTH FLOOR APARTMENT Living/Dining/Kitchen | Bedroom with ensuite | Bedroom two | Bathroom | Juliet balcony Enjoying a prime position in Jesmond, Newcastle upon Tyne, Pegasus Jesmond Assembly is a stylish collection of independent, later living apartments for people over 60 ..."
"The Rowan is a 4-bedroom home that features an open-plan kitchen, dining and family area, a separate living room, an en suite to bedroom 1 and a modern family bathroom. Moorfields is a development of new homes in Killingworth, situated close to North Gosforth and within convenient comm..."
"This family home has a delightfully traditional feel from the outside, while inside, the LARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with its dining and family areas is designed very much for modern living. FRENCH DOORS gives access to the garden and there is also a SEPARATE UTILITY. The bright and airy lounge, with..."
£1000 TOWARDS YOUR MONTHLY MORTGAGE FOR 12 MONTHS** - DETACHED HOME - FOUR BEDROOMS Brunton residential are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom newly built home within the popular Moorfields by Bellway homes. This property is still under construction with an estimated completion dat...
"Immaculately presented contemporary four bedroom detached family home is ideally positioned for access to Newcastle City Centre, A1 North / South road links, and Newcastle Airport as well as conveniently located in a popular residential area, within close proximity to well-regarded schools and lo..."
Beautifully presented 4 bedroom detached house located in Newcastle upon Tyne. Comprises of: Warm and welcoming porch Well-appointed modern kitchen/diner with base and wall units Bright and spacious living room Utility room for essential appliances Generously s...
"The Wortham is a spacious four bedroom home, the modern layout makes this an ideal choice for growing families"
"Experience Exceptional. THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, ENSUITE, EXCLUSIVE KITCHEN DESIGNS with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, SEPARATE HOME OFFICE AREA. OPEN PLAN and DESIGN-LED LIVING."
"Jan Forster Estates are delighted to bring to the market this beautifully presented four bedroom detached home in Killingworth Village. With a double garage, three reception rooms, and a driveway for multiple vehicles, this property will appeal to a variety of buyers. The property is located in a..."
** FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS - SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN - SOLAR PANELS - EN-SUITE -REFITTED KITCHEN - LARGE CONSERVATORY - VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE **
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** FULLY REFURBISHED AND IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT | NO ONWARD CHAIN | 22FT KITCHEN DINER Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this significantly extended and sympathetically remodelled four be...
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED 4 BED FREEHOLD DETACHED HOUSE BUILT 2020 TO THE 'JUNIPER' PLAN. uPVC double glazing, gas ch, (combi.), dining kitchen, utility room, en-suite shower room to master bedroom, family bathroom with separate shower cubicle, burglar alarm, rear garden 46ft x 38ft."
"Sherwood - BAY WINDOWED lounge, OPEN PLAN kitchen/breakfast/family room, FRENCH DOORS to garden, separate LAUNDRY room, WC, GARAGE & PARKING. EN-SUITE & DRESSING ROOM to MASTER, EN-SUITE to the bed two, 2 further DOUBLE bedrooms & family bathroom. This 4 bedroom family home benefits from a b..."
" A stylish two bedroom apartment ideally located in this exclusive luxury development, which is situated at Adderstone Court in Jesmond. Originally constructed by Miller Homes in 2000, the property is located within one of the most sought-after apartment developments within the City. Adderst..."
"Apartment 1 Ashbury house is a spacious apartment on the ground and lower floor, there is access to the beautiful gardens from both floors. This apartment has been converted in a unique way giving lots of open spaces with a fabulous cathedral ceiling, conservatory and outdoor living area. The flo..."
"Manson are delighted to offer for sale, this six bedroom HMO maisonette in Jesmond.
The property briefly comprises lobby, stairs to the first floor, living room, fitted kitchen, three bedrooms and a shower room. Stairs to the second floor, three bedrooms and a bathroom with a shower over the bath..."
"Signature North East is proud to welcome this beautifully presented four bedroom stone built cottage to the sales market. Located in the heart of Killingworth Village, West Farm Cottage boasts spacious living over three floors, a wealth of charm and character and a well maintained South / West fa..."
"Desirable detached dwelling within sought after location, close to public transport routes and local schools. Superbly presented home with significant additional upgrades chosen when built in 2017. Walking into the tiled ground floor hall, the deco is light and inviting. To the right is the liv..."
"This 3 bedroomed detached house occupies a fabulous position, with open aspect over surrounding countryside to the front. Well maintained, there is scope for cosmetic updating and a wonderful opportunity to create a superb family house to the successful purchaser's own taste and requirements. The..."
"An extremely well presented 4 Bedroom detached house situated in a cul de sac location in this popular area of Walbottle. The covered entrance has recessed spotlights and door to entrance hall with stairs to first floor accommodation, tiled floor and understair storage cupboard. The cloakroom has..."
"Well presented spacious semi-detached three-bedroom bungalow, occupying a pleasant position within the popular Briardene Crescent in Gosforth. The property also benefits from being sold with no upper chain. Close to major transport links with access to both North & South of the region, the City o..."
"OVERLOOKING OPEN SPACE, this family home has a delightfully traditional feel from the outside, while inside, the LARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with its dining and family areas is designed very much for modern living. FRENCH DOORS gives access to the garden and there is also a SEPARATE UTILITY. The brig..."
"Wonderfully presented 4 bedroom detached house located in West Allotment, Newcastle Upon Tyne Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hall Bright and airy living room Well-appointed and modern kitchen with range of base and wall units Spacious dining room Se..."
" """" Let until July 2023"""" """" Rental £2400 PCM"""" """" HMO Licensed"""" Well presented five bedroom period maisonette is ideally located in the highly desirable area of Jesmond, always ever popular with the students due to its location, within close proximity to W..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to present to the market this immaculately presented detached house which will make a great purchase for the buyer seeking a family home on a well regarded residential estate, within ..."
"Beautifully presented and immaculate four bedroom detached house on the popular Francis Way in Holystone. The property has been finished to a high standard and includes many upgrades throughout and vacates an enviable location. Within close proximity to Holystone, Benton and Forest Hall with go..."
"This beautiful property has been extended and refurbished to provide luxury accommodation with generous room sizes and a lovely garden with a sunny aspect. On the ground floor there is a porch to the front, a sizeable living room, magnificent open plan breakfasting kitchen with family area, acces..."
"The Bowyer features 3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS with one single and EN SUITE to the master. OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with adjoining UTILITY ROOM with external access and FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden ideal for entertaining. Spacious separate front facing living room."
*NEW RELEASE* The Pargeter features large OPEN PLAN living space with spacious kitchen / dining / family area with FRENCH DOORS opening into the rear garden and adjoining UTILITY ROOM with external access. Separate living room with SNUG area and EN SUITE to the master bedroom.
"The Lilac features THREE DOUBLE bedrooms with an EN SUITE to the master and modern family bathroom. An OPEN-PLAN kitchen and dining area with UTILITY ROOM, FRENCH DOORS to the garden for socialising plus separate LIVING ROOM with BAY WINDOW and dedicated STUDY for home working. Find out more today"
"Enjoy family life in the 4 bedroom Coltham, with an integral garage and the extra space you need."
"The Bowyer benefits from an OPEN PLAN kitchen / dining / family room with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, FRENCH DOORS, UTILITY & CLOAKROOM. The first floor has THREE DOUBLE bedrooms with EN SUITE to the master. Single GARAGE"
"Baywood - FEATURE STAIRCASE, OPEN PLAN kitchen, separate LAUNDRY room, dining with FRENCH DOORS to garden, lounge with BAY WINDOW, STUDY & WC. Master EN-SUITE, two further DOUBLE bedrooms, 1 single bedroom & family bathroom. GARAGE & PARKING. This magnificent home will impress from the start wit..."
"The Corfe is a modern five-bedroom detached family home. There’s a stylish open-plan kitchen/family room, a well-proportioned living room, a separate dining room, a downstairs WC and a handy utility. Upstairs there are five bedrooms - bedroom one with an en suite - and a large family-sized bathroom."
"The Bowyer, an attractive family home, includes a large OPEN PLAN kitchen, family, and dining area with elegant FRENCH DOORS, useful UTILITY ROOM and separate living room. FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS across a spacious landing with an ENSUITE to the master and modern family bathroom."
"Beautiful 1930’s Semi-Detached Family Home with Two Excellent Reception Rooms, Stylish Re-Fitted Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Four Bedrooms, Contemporary Re-Fitted Family Bathroom with Four Piece Suite, Integral Garage, Off Street Parking & Extensive South Facing Lawned Rear Gardens! This lov..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a RECENTLY REFURBISHED AND UPGRADED, DOUBLE FRONTED SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW. Enjoying southerly facing aspect to the rear, the property has NO UPWARD CHAIN and enjoys a large main lounge, SUPERB, SPACIOUS KITCHEN, two larger style bedrooms with an en suite shower ro..."
"Semi-detached three bedroom house, with two reception rooms, one bathroom, generous gardens, and development potential. An unusual, spacious, and comfortable family home, with double glazing throughout, original features and potential for substantial development, as well as very close proximit..."
"A superbly appointed 4 bedroom, stone fronted detached house, in an excellent location with views over fields to the South. Completed around 3 years ago, with many upgrades including Oak internal doors, porcelain floor tiles and high quality bathrooms. The Reception Hall, with understair cupboard..."
"Signature North east are proud to present this unique, three-bedroom, Penthouse in the heart of Newcastle city centre, boasting tasteful décor and open-plan living. Ideally located with an array of useful amenities just a stone’s throw away, such as shops, bars, restaurants, and supermarkets. Thi..."
A superb extended four bedroom detached house occupying a prime corner plot position within this residential cul de sac in Tudor Grange. The property is ideally suited for a growing family benefitting from two reception rooms and four double bedrooms. There is a quality fitted breakfasting kitche...
"**FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE WITH AN OPEN PLAN KITCHEN, LIVING AND DINING AREA**EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOM** FINISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD THROUGHOUT** A MUST VIEW***COUNCIL TAX BAND D***EPC = D***"
A beautifully presented four bedroom detached home pleasantly situated within a cul de sac setting on this exclusive estate within Kenton Bank Foot. The house was built by Avant homes three years ago and is sure to appeal to a family. The property is immaculately presented throughout and briefly ...
Four Bedroom detached House on The Chesters ...
" Spacious DETACHED family home with MULTIPLE LIVING spaces, large open plan kitchen/dining room and FOUR GENEROUS BEDROOMS"
"The Maple features an EN SUITE to the master bedroom plus a modern family bathroom, an OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area, a spacious LIVING ROOM with a SINGLE GARAGE and more. Havannah Park is a development of new homes in Hazlerigg, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, set against open countryside."
"The Cutler features 3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS with one single and EN SUITE to the large master. OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden ideal for entertaining. Separate front facing living room to relax with cloakroom and single INTEGRAL GARAGE completing the home."
"FOR SALE!! Rare opportunity has come to the market Newminster road, corner plot with great potential "
"Generous Victorian Maisonette with Full Width Lounge/Diner, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Three Impressive Double Bedrooms, Bathroom & South Facing Rear Courtyard Garden! This superb period maisonette, occupies the first and second floor of this sensitive Victorian conversion which is ideally locate..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** SIX BEDROOM PROPERTY | DETACHED | EN SUITE | FREEHOLD Jan Forster Estates welcome this rare to the market six bedroom detached family home on Windsor Court in Kingston Park with en suite, three reception room..."
"***SAVE UP TO £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^***The Cutler benefits from THREE DOUBLE bedrooms with EN SUITE to the master, OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area ideal for socialising with FRENCH DOORS opening into the rear garden with a separate living room. Single Garage."
"***SAVE UP TO £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** The Gardenia offers THREE DOUBLE bedrooms with an EN SUITE to the master. A spacious kitchen, dining and family area that is ideally suited to entertaining with FRENCH DOORS to the garden. There's also an INTEGRAL GARAGE."
The Cutler features THREE DOUBLE bedrooms plus a single with EN SUITE to the master bedroom. Spacious OPEN PLAN kitchen / dining room with adjoining family area and FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden creating a very social space for the family. Front facing living room and INTEGRAL GARAGE...
"***£1,000 PER MONTH MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION FOR UP TO 12 MONTHS^*** The Angelica boasts a spacious kitchen diner ideal for growing families with FRENCH DOORS. UTILITY ROOM with outside access. The living room is dual aspect and overlooks both the front and rear gardens. "
"**NEW RELEASE** The Gardenia offers THREE DOUBLE bedrooms with an EN SUITE to the master. A spacious kitchen, dining and family area that is ideally suited to entertaining with FRENCH DOORS opening to the garden. Front facing living room and INTEGRAL GARAGE. Discover more about this home today"
"We are delighted to the welcome to the market this detached bungalow on Newdene Walk in Dumpling Hall . The accommodation briefly comprises, a spacious porch, hallway, lounge, dining room or bedroom three, L-shaped kitchen and a sunroom, there are two bedrooms and a family bathroom. Other b..."
"The Milliner premium family home with FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS and EN SUITE to the master. Large OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden. Spacious living room with additional FRENCH DOORS accessing the garden providing additional light."
"*NEW RELEASE* The Earsdon is a beautiful family home with TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and two singles with ENSUITE to the master. OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden. Front facing living room with striking BAY WINDOW and downstairs cloak"
"The Earsdon is a beautiful family home that embraces desirable design features with TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and two singles with ENSUITE to the master. OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden. Front facing living room with striking BAY WINDOW and downstairs cloak"
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** THREE BEDROOMS | DETACHED GARAGE | SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this three bedroom semi detached property located on Bowfield Avenue in the highly regarded ...
"Signature North East are delighted to welcome this wonderful three bedroom, semi detached home to the sales market, boasting exceptionally spacious living, and tasteful styling and décor throughout. Situated on the desirable Polwarth Road, Gosforth, this delightful property is in the perfect loca..."
"A 3 bedroom semi detached, dormer bungalow within an excellent location in the sought after village of Ponteland. The Entrance porch leads to the Lounge, with living flame gas fire with cast metal surround, bay window to front and double doors to the Kitchen. Door to Bedroom 1 with bay window to ..."
"Brand new two-bedroom apartment, benefitting from a prime location in Jesmond. You'll become part of a thriving community. Independent later living exclusively for people over 60. "
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** DOUBLE EXTENSION | FIVE BEDROOMS | EN-SUITE FACILITY | 23FT KITCHEN Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this heavily extended five bedroom family home on Belsay Gardens, Red House Farm...."
"A GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE ONE OF THE MORE UNIQUE STYLE OF DETACHED HOUSES ON THIS POPULAR RESIDENTIAL ESTATE. Benefitting from a fabulous Orangery Extension to the rear, on a generous and well positioned plot. This four bedroom family home curre..."
" Living/Dining | Kitchen | Master Bedroom with en suite | Bedroom 2 | Bathroom | Juliet Balcony Situated in the leafy suburb of Jesmond in Newcastle, Jesmond Assembly is a stunning collection of 63 independent living homes exclusively for the over 60s, with a fantastic selection of one and tw..."
"THREE/FOUR BEDROOM....DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS DORMER STYLE BUNGALOW WITH FANTASTIC SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN. Situated on Granville Drive, a quiet residential street in Forest Hall, well placed for access to transport links, shops and schools. A unique p..."
"Well Presented & Purpose Built Ground Floor Garden Apartment Boasting Three Bedrooms, Generous Lounge/Diner, Stylish Re-Fitted Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Shower Room, Residents Off Street Parking, Private Garage & Private Patio Enjoying the South Facing Communal Gardens.This great three-bedroom,..."
Wonderfully presented 4 bedroom detached home in Forest Hall Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Downstairs WC Bright and airy dual aspect lounge Spacious dining room Conservatory to the rear with patio doors opening to garden Recently refurb...
"***No Upper Chain*** We are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented family home in this desirable area of Forest Hall, on West Lane. The accommodation briefly comprises of entrance hall, ground floor w/c, lounge with feature bay window, fantastic modern kitchen with integrated ap..."
**STONE BUILT BARN CONVERSION*LOCATED IN A SMALL CUL-DE-SAC IN A SEMI RURAL VILLAGE*DOUBLE DETACHED GARAGE*THREE BEDROOMS*LOUNGE WITH FEATURE PICTURE WINDOW*MODERN KITCHEN*EN-SUITE BATHROOM AND SHOWER ROOM/WC*PATIO GARDEN*RARE TO THE MARKET**VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED**
"Love Lane is a little-known block of just 33 apartments, set directly opposite the Sage Gateshead on the iconic and highly sought after Newcastle Quayside. This marvellous apartment enjoys a southerly aspect, with a balcony offering fabulous panoramic views across the water and the many bridges l..."
**DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOUSE*LARGE MODERN DINING KITCHEN*POPULAR RESIDENTIAL ESTATE*LOUNGE*CLOAKS/WC*MASTER WITH EN-SUITE*BATHROOM/WCFRONT AND REAR GARDENS*GARAGE AND DOUBLE DRIVE **VIEWING RECOMMENDED**
"**FOR SALE BY MODERN AUCTION**A 2 bedroom detached bungalow in a superb location, just a short distance from Schools and Shopping facilities. The accommodation would benefit from some cosmetic updating and provides an exceptional opportunity to create a fabulous home to the purchasers, own taste ..."
"FOUR BEDROOMS - ENTENDED TO REAR - EXCELLENT POSITION Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom home located on Peacock Chase in the heart of the ever popular great park. This home has been extended to the rear and sits on an excellent plot, set back from the road ..."
"Positioned in a cul de sac with a detached garage, the 4 bedroom Midford offers a layout ideal for modern living."
"*NEW RELEASE* *STAR PLOTS* The Cutler benefits from THREE DOUBLE bedrooms with EN SUITE to the master, OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area ideal for socialising with FRENCH DOORS opening into the rear garden with a separate living room. Single garage completes this home"
"On the ground floor you will find an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with FRENCH DOORS to the garden and a light and AIRY LOUNGE, also with FRENCH DOORS. There is also a SEPARATE DINING ROOM and some handy under stair storage. Upstairs you will find the main bedroom with en suite, two further double bedrooms ..."
"The ground floor features an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN WITH DINING/FAMILY AREA, UTILITY ROOM and FRENCH DOORS that open onto the garden. The BRIGHT AND WELL-DESIGNED LOUNGE is perfect for you to relax in with large windows that lets the light stream into the room. Upstairs, you will find a principal bedr..."
"STUNNING FAMILY HOME in PONTELAND. Three DOUBLE BEDROOMS with EN-SUITE shower room to the master. An OPEN-PLAN kitchen and dining area, separate living room with FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden and much more. Ask us about our EXPRESS MOVER scheme - we can help you to make your move hassle-free."
"Signature North East is proud to welcome this stunning four bedroom detached family home to the sales market. Situated on the exclusive Harbottle Grove, Holystone, you are ideally settled at the end of a cul-de-sac which provides lots of privacy. The property boasts spacious living, tasteful deco..."
"Signature North East are delighted to welcome this gorgeous semi-detached, four-bedroom home, boasting tasteful modern décor and spacious living throughout. Desirably located on Pont View, Ponteland, the property is in the perfect location, within proximity to a range of handy local amenities inc..."
"The Sculptor features TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS with an EN SUITE shower room to the master plus a stylish family bathroom. A generous living room with elegant FRENCH DOORS opening into the garden, OPEN PLAN kitchen and dining area with a SECOND SET of FRENCH DOORS and dedicated STUDY."
"The Foxglove is the perfect family home with an integral garage and private parking. The ground floor offers an open-plan kitchen, dining area to the rear with bi-fold doors leading to rear patio and generous garden. Contemporary fitted kitchen includes integrated appliances."
"Well presented six bedroom mid terrace is ideally located in the highly desirable area of Doncaster Road, Sandyford, always popular with the students due to its location. Helmsley Road is tucked just off Starbeck Avenue with its cafes and shops. This is an outstanding investment opportunity with ..."
"360 VIRTUAL TOUR- 5 BEDROOMS - LARGE 3 STOREY TOWNHOUSE - GREAT LOCATION Brunton Residential are pleased to introduce to the market this spacious 5 bedroom, three storey townhouse, located on Featherstone Grove, Great Park. Featherstone Grove sits on the Melbury side of the Great Park develop..."
"Signature North East are proud to present this fabulous four bedroom detached home, which displays a modern, sleek look throughout. Ideally situated on Colliery Close, Benton, the property benefits from being located within proximity of a range of useful amenities including strong transport links..."
"A very unique and spacious apartment which makes up part of a beautiful Georgian grade II listed house built in 1734 and occupies the first and second floor, packed with lovely features throughout. This property boasts very generously sized rooms with high ceilings which provide a light and open ..."
" We are excited to present to you this substantial, extended stone built, detached, five bedroom plus study, Dunelm family home. This particular ""Fairfield"" style has fabulous versatility and room sizes throughout, the property boasts a spacious hallway, downstairs cloaks/wc., separate dining r..."
Three bedroom detached house with the garage having been converted to a fourth bedroom in Haydon Grange.
"This fabulous home benefits from no onward chain, a newly built detached garage, driveway and a lovely outlook over the green to the front. There is a welcoming entrance hall giving access to a contemporary modern dining kitchen, a convenient ground floor WC with utility area and comfortable dual..."
"Designed for family life, the 4 bedroom Coltham is perfect for family life with internal garage and private driveway."
"A fabulous modern build detached house that offers the buyer a great home for modern family demands. The property briefly comprises;- hallway, downstairs WC, lounge, modern kitchen diner, family room with French doors leading to rear garden and utility room. To the first floor there are..."
"Signature North East are proud to welcome this four bedroom, detached family home on Greenrigg Place, Shiremoor. With immaculate presentation, tasteful decoration and spacious rooms spread over three floors, this home presents an ideal opportunity to acquire a family home in this area. The proper..."
"This detached town house is located on Ascot Drive in North Gosforth. This stunning home is in immaculate condition and has easy access to a host of local amenities with restaurants, bars, shops and schools to cater for all ages on hand, There are great road links and really good public..."
"A beautiful executive Stone built detached house located within Throckley Village. The house is offered for sale with no chain and we have no hesitation in recommending an internal viewing. The accommodation briefly comprises; grand reception hallway, ground floor home office, spacious dual aspec..."
"**SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH GENERUOS GARDENS TO BOTH THE FRONT AND REAR**SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION CLOSE TO LOCAL SCOOLS, AMEMITES AND MOTOR WAY LINKS** COUNCIL TAX BAND D** EPC = F** "
Three bedroom detached bungalow.... No upper chain
Located within the sought after area of Newcastle Quayside is this fantastic two bedroom flat for sale. The property offers contemporary design and spacious living areas throughout as well as stunning views of the River Tyne and surrounding areas. The apartment begins with an entrance h...
"Immaculately presented 1930's semi detached family home located on the sought after Mountfield Gardens, Kenton. This property offers a wealth of benefits including transport links to Gosforth High Street and Newcastle City Centre, within close proximity to well regarded schools and walking distan..."
"Heaton Property is delighted to bring this outstanding 4 bedroom Freehold house to the sales market.
Stunningly presented and deceptively spacious, we truly believe this to be one of the most unique and desirable properties in South Heaton. ..."
"The Walnut is an impressive detached home featuring an OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden plus separate LIVING ROOM with BAY WINDOW, TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with a shower EN SUITE to the master. a GARAGE completes this home. Ask about our Express Mover "
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduces to market this four-bedroom detached family home with garage and spacious rear garden in the popular residential area of Forest Gate, NE12. Close-by to a range of local amenities, transport links and schooling. Beautifully presented throughout, comprising o..."
"A delightful mid terraced town house which retains period features whilst having been stylishly modernised and upgraded. It is located in a crescent with an open aspect and is within walking distance to the RVI, there are local shops close by, and the city centre is easily accessible, offering a ..."
Wonderfully presented 4 bedroom detached home in Holystone Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Downstairs WC Bright and airy living room Modern and well-appointed kitchen with good space for living and dining Master double bedroom with built-in wa...
RARE TO THE MARKET - Unique apartment over two floors in Norwood Court
"LOVELY SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH OPEN PLAN LOUNGE, KITCHEN & DINER, TWO BEDROOMS, BATHROOM, EXTENDED ATTIC ROOM & DELIGHTFUL WALLED REAR GARDENS with ALLOCATED COVERED PARKING SPACE! This great two bedroom bungalow is ideally located at the desirable Castle Farm Mews, Jesmond. Castle Far..."
"Pattinson estate Agents would like to welcome to the market this four bedroom extended semi detached family home on the sought after Balliol Gardens, in Benton. The property is located close to outstanding local schooling, it is perfectly placed close to the shops and amenities of Benton Park Roa..."
" AVAILABLE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN THIS OUTSTANDING 3 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME OCCUPYING A CORNER PLOT ON THE HIGHLY DESIRABLE DAYLESFORD DRIVE. The property is conveniently situated for access to several amenities including The Freeman Hospital, Paddy Freeman's Park and David Lloyd Fitness C..."
"A super stylish three bedroom semi detached house with lovely southerly facing garden, ample off street parking and garage. The property has been remodelled and fully refurbished to offer a range of quality fixtures and fittings throughout and is ideally suited for a growing family. It is well po..."
"FOR SALE BY WAY OF ONLINE AUCTION ON - 30TH MARCH, OPTION 2 - Terms and Conditions apply. See  FAMILY HOME. Situated on Northfield Road, Gosforth  A sought after location due to its close proximit..."
"A superbly presented larger style five bedroom semi detached house located on Milvain Avenue, Fenham. The property is impressive from the moment your walk through the front door, with a spacious and inviting hallway giving access to the the three reception rooms. The main lounge is situated to th..."
"A superb opportunity to purchase this three bedroom 1930's semi-detached family home is ideally located on Kenton Lane, Kenton. Kenton Lane, close to local schooling, is perfectly placed and provides ideal family accommodation with immediate access to the A1 western bypass and is also close t..."
FOUR BEDROOMS - PERFECT FAMILY HOME - GREAT LOCATION Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached home located on Peacock Chase in the heart of the ever popular Great Park. The location of this home provides excellent access to the continually developing Gr...
"Occupying a prominent corner plot and situated close to excellent local schools, Regent Centre and Wansbeck Metro station's, the shops, cafes and restaurants on Gosforth High Street and further transport links to Newcastle City Centre and beyond. This semi-detached family home is ideally located ..."
"Signature North East are delighted to welcome to the sales market this superb, four bedroom, detached family home. Situated on a desirable plot within the sought-after residential estate of Forest Gate, Forest Hall, this property benefits from being in close proximity to a range of useful ameniti..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduces to market this beautiful five-bedroom, semi-detached family home situated in the popular residential area of Forest Hall. Close-by to a range of transport links including Benton Metro Station just a short walk away, and a range of local amenities within the vi..."
4 Bedroom Detached Property KEY FEATURES • Detached • Practical flooring throughout • Kitchen/diner • Ground floor WC & utility room • 4 Bedrooms • En-suite • Two reception rooms • Office • Balcony • Landscaped southerly garden STUNNING 4 BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY situated in ...
A well appointed traditional semi detached house located within the popular Grange Park development in Gosforth. The property is ideally suited for a growing family and has been remodelled by the current owner with the garage being converted into a kitchen. There is a good size westerly facing ga...
"This semi detached family home enjoys a corner position within Brunton Park within Gosforth that will appeal to a wide range of buyers and offers off street parking, garage and gardens. Accommodation comprises: Ground floor: Entrance hallway, sitting room, dining room, kitch..."
"FANTASTIC FULLY MODERNISED HOUSE WITH REAR AND SIDE EXTENSIONS....IMMACULATE DECOR, LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN. Situated in this popular location within walking distance to Four Lane Ends Interchange offering metro and bus services, plus a range of local shops and nearby local ..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to present this extended five bedroom family home situated on the ever desirable Whitton Place in High Heaton, a quiet cul-de-sac location. The property is close to many local ameniti..."
" Superb FAMILY HOME with open plan kitchen and INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, flexible living spaces, and an INTERNAL GARAGE store"
*NEW RELEASE* The Mercer benefits from TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with an EN SUITE with shower to the master plus stylish family bathroom. OPEN PLAN kitchen dining area with useful UTILITY ROOM with outdoor access. French doors in the dining area into the rear garden. INTEGRAL GARAGE completes this home
*NEW RELEASE* The Aurora features TWO DOUBLE bedrooms and two singles with ENSUITE to the master bedroom plus family bathroom. OPEN PLAN kitchen / dining area with FRENCH DOORS opening into the rear garden and adjoining UTILITY ROOM. Front facing living room and INTEGRAL GARAGE complete this home
"A perfectly-proportioned detached home, The Chedworth Corner has a stylish open-plan kitchen/family room. There’s also a bright front-aspect living room, a separate dining room and a handy utility room. Upstairs are four good-sized bedrooms - bedroom one is en suite - and a large family bathroom."
Superb 4 bedroom detached house WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN in the lovely new build estate in Throckley village...
"** THREE BEDROOM DUPLEX PENTHOUSE APARTMENT IN CITY CENTRE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Situated in the heart of the City Centre is this spacious apartment which needs internal inspection to fully appreciate the quality and style of accommodation on offer. The property boasts panoramic City views, all..."
"SUPERBLY EXTENDED HOME A fantastic property family home that has been extensively updated throughout and close by a variety of local amenities. There is brilliant commuting links to the A1, A69, Newcastle city centre and the Metrocentre. The accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance ha..."
"SOLD WITH TENATNTS IN SITU | INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY | FOUR BEDROOM MAISONETTE A fantastic opportunity has arisen to the market to acquire this fabulous four bedroom maisonette, ideally positioned within a prestigious area of Newcastle Upon Tyne. The property offers extensive li..."
"A fabulous opportunity to purchase this 5 bedroom detached house, situated in an enviable position close to the entrance of the development. The spacious Reception Hall has stairs to first floor and door to Lounge with window to front. From the Hall door to the Kitchen/Dining area which..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to present to the market this extended four bedroom semi-detached family home on the ever desirable Warwick Hall Walk within Cochrane Park. The property which has a two story...
"£12,000 DEPOSIT CONTRIBUTION The Henderson is a two-bedroom ground floor apartment that features an open-plan kitchen, living and dining room and a stylish bathroom. Externally, the property benefits from private parking. The Listed at Ottermead are a collection of G..."
"***£1,000 PER MONTH MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION FOR UP TO 12 MONTHS^*** FUTURE HOME The Myrtle boasts a series of brand-new innovations that intend to lower a homeowner's carbon footprint and reduce energy costs. Alongside features such as Smart Heating controls and solar panels. "
"Ground floor apartment The Henderson is an apartment with listed characteristics that features an open-plan kitchen, living and dining room and a stylish bathroom plus PRIVATE outdoor space. Call to arrange your personal appointment and find out more about this home..."
"The Chedworth ticks all the boxes. The open-plan kitchen/family room is perfect for family time. There’s a living room, dining room, downstairs cloakroom and a utility room with outside access. Upstairs there are four bedrooms - bedroom one has an en suite - a family bathroom and a storage cupboard."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** FIVE BEDROOMS | IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT | SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION | RECONFIGURED LAYOUT Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this stunning five bedroom three storey townhouse on Princes Road...
"Hazelwood - OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining, FRENCH DOORS to garden, separate LAUNDRY & downstairs WC. Generous lounge & ample STORAGE. EN SUITE to master, three further DOUBLE bedrooms & family bathroom. GARAGE & PARKING. A spacious and thoughtfully designed 4 bedroom detached home with a fantastic op..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this contemporary detached property positioned on the highly sought after cul-de-sac of Shawbrow Close, within the Haydon Grange estate. The property is clos..."
"The Amersham is a spacious three bedroom home with an integral garage,designed to appeal to a growing family."
"*NEW RELEASE* The Cartwright is ideal for modern family living making your home as unique as you are, offering flexibility to maximise additional space in any way you need. Featuring OPEN PLAN kitchen and dining area with FRENCH DOORS to the garden. ENSUITE to master bedroom and SHOWER ROOM"
"Mansons are pleased to bring to the sales market this recently refurbished family home. This three bedroom semi-detached property, located on Twizell Place, a popular estates in the sought after area of Ponteland.
The accommodation on offer briefly comprises; porch, entrance to the property, hal..."
"The Riverwood - The inviting lounge shares the ground floor with a delightfully airy, superbly planned family kitchen that offers immense flexibility, with feature french doors adding the option of alfresco dining on summer afternoons. A bright staircase leads to four bedrooms, including a comfor..."
"Beautiful family home pleasantly situated on Warkworth Woods, Great Park, Gosforth. Offering Spacious Living Accommodation, Conservatory, Ensuite Bathroom, South Facing Rear Garden and No Onward Chain!"
"LARGE PLOT - SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN - FOUR BEDROOMS WITH THREE BATHROOMS Brunton Residential are pleased to offer to the market this four-bedroom, three-storey 'Polworth' style house by Persimmon, located on Roseden Way within the Great Park estate. This property sits on a wide South facing..."
" An excellent opportunity to purchase this superb corner plot four bedroom detached house. The property is situated on a favoured residential area close to the Killingworth Centre, public transport and road links to nearby centres. The accommodation briefly comprises; an entrance porch, hallway,..."
" Internal inspection is strongly recommended of this two story, four bedroom detached house. Which occupies a pleasant position within the Stephenson Park Development on the edge of Killingworth Village. There is easy access to local amenities within Killingworth and Forest Hall including School..."
"FANTASTIC CORNER PLOT - PERFECT FAMILY HOME - CHAIN FREE Brunton Residential are pleased to offer to the market this four-bedroom, three-storey 'Polworth' style house, located on Orangetip Gardens within the Great Park estate. The property has been upgraded throughout and is situated close t..."
*** GUIDE PRICE £310 000 to £315 000*** A well-presented detached family house situated on a hugely popular street within Chapel Park that has been renovated throughout.  This property is presented to a high standard and offers many modern features throughout. The property ...
"A recently modernised and well presented 3 bedroom detached house situated in a quiet cul de sac location. The entrance porch with cloaks cupboard leads to the Reception Hall with stairs to first floor accommodation. The Lounge, has engineered oak flooring and large window to front. The spacious ..."
"We are delighted to welcome to the market this very well presented double fronted terrace house. Situated in the heart of Jesmond within easy walking distance of great shops and cafes on Acorn Road, restaurants, bars & Waitrose on Osborne Road, a library and leisure facilities on St Georges ..."
"This five bedroom, three storey, mid-terrace house is currently a rental property for 4 people and is located in the sought after area of Spital Tongues, especially for those at Newcastle University and RVI. Accommodation comprises: Ground Floor: Entranced Vestibule, Hallwa..."
"RARE TO THE MARKET…… Four / five bedroom town house situated on this enviable plot overlooking the River Tyne in Parson Courtyard, Staiths Estate. With its unique design and floor to ceiling windows in many rooms, the light flows effortlessly throughout, complimented by its contemporary decor ..."
"The Sawyer features an OPEN PAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden. A separate living room and INTEGRAL GARAGE. Upstairs THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS with ENSUITE to the master and modern family bathroom "
*NEW RELEASE* The Benton is ideal for first-time buyers or growing families. It features an OPEN PLAN kitchen and dining area with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden as well as a separate living room on the ground floor. TWO DOUBLE bedrooms on the first floor plus a single with EN SUITE to the master
"*NEW RELEASE* The Begonia features THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS with EN SUITE to the master plus modern bathroom. OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS opening into the rear of the garden creating a hub of the home. Front facing living room and INTEGRAL GARAGE with external access."
"£12,000 DEPOSIT CONTRIBUTION The Wood is a ground floor, two-bedroom apartment. The property features an open-plan kitchen, living and dining area, and a stylish bathroom with separate shower. The Listed at Ottermead are a collection of Grade II listed buildings that ..."
"FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR POSSIBILITY FOR CONVERSION INTO RESIDENTIAL TERRACED HOUSE 6 BEDROOMS 3 BATHROOMS GREAT LOCATION FOR STUDENTS COUNCIL TAX BAND C Current Tenancy 09/08/202208/08/2023 £346.66x 6 = £2,079.96"
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE Three bedroom bay fronted semi detached house located within a highly regarded area and offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. With GARDENS to the front and rear and an attached GARAGE, the property appeal to those wishing to place their own stamp and sty..."
STYLISH KITCHEN - FOUR BEDROOMS - EXCELLENT CONDITION Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached home located on Orangetip Gardens in Great Park. This recently built property benefits from a large driveway with integral garage and is in a fantastic conditio...
"A perfect opportunity to purchase this 3-bedroom detached home, which has a private rear garden and detached garage. The home is offered for sale with no onward chain and offers spacious and flexible accommodation. well presented throughout, the home has a spacious living area while the kit..."
"***£1,000 PER MONTH MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION FOR 6 MONTHS^***Ground floor apartment The Wood features an open-plan kitchen, living and dining area, and a stylish bathroom with separate shower. TWO parking spaces, OPEN SPACE VIEWS and listed building characteristics. FLOORING and APPLIANCES INCLUDED"
The 3 bedroom Amersham offers a practical layout with storage and a your own dedicated space for working from home.
"With a practical and modern layout, the 3 bedroom Amersham will appeal to both couples and families looking for extra space."
Three bedroom detached home on this exclusive development close to Newcastle. The Freesia II benefits from a spacious living room and open plan kitchen and dining area. The luxury contemporary fitted kitchen with integrated appliances and bi-fold doors which lead to rear garden.
"360 VIRTUAL TOUR - DETACHED - EXTENDED - 3 BEDROOMS - GREAT LOCATION Brunton Residential are pleased to introduce to the market this extended 3 bedroom detached house located on Roseden Way, Great Park. The location of this property provides fantastic access to central Gosforth, highly desir..."
"Signature North East are delighted to welcome to the sales market this lovely stone-built end terrace home, situated on Backworth Lane, within the idyllic village of Backworth. This stunning property boasts a wealth of character and is ideally located with countryside and greenery surrounding it,..."
"The Hornsea is a detached home with the bonus of an integral garage. It's got a good-sized living room with double doors leading into a bright open-plan kitchen/diner - perfect for family life and for entertaining. It's practical too with a utility, downstairs cloakroom and three storage cupboards."
"Signature North East is proud to welcome this immaculately presented three bedroom detached family home to the sales market. Situated on Parkside View, a quiet residential area within Backworth, this property boasts spacious living, modern décor, and styling throughout and a large sunny garden to..."
Beautiful three bedroom detached house with lovely position on Callerton Rise and offered with the potential of NO ONWARD CHAIN...
THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOM** NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT** FINISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD AND MODERN THROUGH OUT**COUNCIL TAX BAND D** EPC = B**
"Situated on Hedgeley Road in West Denton is this semi detached family home. The property offers no onward chain and briefly comprises an entrance porch, hall leading to ground floor w.c, lounge, fitted kitchen and conservatory. The first floor offers three bedrooms and a shower room/WC Ext..."
"This 2 bedroomed double fronted detached bungalow has been updated by the current owners, to create a superb and well appointed property, ideal for a couple or small family. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, the Reception Hall has a storage cupboard and access to the ..."
"The Elliston is a four bedroom home designed for flexible living, with a private driveway and detached garage."
"The Elderwood ***Personalise your home with options vouchers worth thousands*** Enhanced by french doors, and incorporating a dedicated laundry, the bright kitchen and dining room complements a relaxing lounge to create an adaptable, comfortable home. The principal bedroom en-suite is entered via..."
"As the talk of the town, Hadrian's Tower is one of the newest and most exciting developments to Newcastle's City Centre. Located on the 13th floor, Bricks & Mortar are delighted to market this two bedroom, two bathroom apartment within the complex. Perfect for residential purchasers or investors."
"This stylish modern home benefits from generous living accommodation over three floors. The front door opens to a hallway giving access to a beautiful living room with feature fireplace, a convenient ground floor WC, an impressive dining kitchen with French doors to the garden and a door to the u..."
"Set in an idyllic peaceful rural position, the charm and character of this property must be experienced to appreciate this delightful three bedroom mid terraced home..."
"EXTENDED MID-TERRACE FAMILY HOME WITH WEST FACING REAR GARDENS & NO ONWARD CHAIN! With front and rear gardens this three bedroom terrace is ideally located on the popular Regent Road, Gosforth. Regent Road is ideally situated a stones-throw from Gosforth High Street with its shops, cafés and rest..."
"This beautifully presented semi-detached family home is located in a sought after area close to Newcastle city centre, with driveway, off-street parking and garden, that we know will appeal to a wide range of buyers and will have to be viewed to be appreciated. Accommodation comprises:..."
360 VIRTUAL TOUR - DETACHED - 3 BEDROOMS - PERFECT FAMILY HOME - GREAT LOCATION Brunton Residential are pleased to introduce to the market this three bedroom detached house located on Osprey Avenue in North Walbottle. The location of this property provides fantastic access to local amenities...
" A beautifully presented and modern three bedroom, detached family home, situated on this new development in Cygnet Park, close by to local amenities and offering easy access into Gosforth, Newcastle City Centre, as well as the A1 & A19 for excellent transport links throughout the region. Th..."
" COMING SOON - REGISTER YOUR INTEREST NOW! Distinct Living Two bedroom apartments, three apartments on the first floor and three apartments on the second floor. Fabulously light and bright spaces with secure on site parking. Two bedrooms with an en-suite to the master Second bathr..."
***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** IMPRESSIVE FIVE BEDROOM TOWN HOUSE set on Warkworth Woods within Gosforth. Offered for sale with no onward chain and RECENTLY REFURBISHED to a high standard to include the conversion of the garage to cr...
"Signature North East are delighted to welcome this gorgeous, three-bedroom, semi-detached home to the property market, boasting sleek and modern décor throughout. Situated on the desirable Priory Avenue, Backworth, the property is ideally located within close proximity to many useful amenities su..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to bring to the market this extended four bedroom family home which is situated in on the highly sought after Miller Close in Palmersville, providing excellent access to local ameniti..."
"*NEW RELEASE* The Carver features an OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS onto the rear garden plus spacious separate living room with BAY WINDOW. TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with an EN SUITE to the master and modern family bathroom. Single GARAGE completes this beautiful new home."
"The Kingsville is an elegant four bedroom semi-detached home, ideal for second steppers or extending families. The ground floor presents a spacious open-plan kitchen/breakfast/dining area with French doors leading out to the rear garden and a study/single bedroom. On the first floor, you will fin..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduce to the market this well presented and maintained, four bedroom tenanted HMO investment opportunity. Currently tenanted until June 2023 at a rent of £18,200pa (£87.50pppw) and pre-let for 2023 - 2024 at a rent of £19,136pa (£92pppw) making..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** FOUR BEDROOMS | EN SUITE | GROUND FLOOR WC | CONSERVATORY Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this detached four bedroom family home on the sought after Hartburn Close in Chapel Park. ...
"This very well presented detached home is available on the popular Thornhill Close, Dunston. Extended by the current owner this home offers spacious rooms which really must be seen to be appreciated. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall leading to a living area with wall mounted LED fi..."
"Iconic city centre development in the heart of Newcastle upon Tyne. The development benefits from a concierge service, a residents lounge and a 3Sixty Champagne bar to the the top floor with panoramic views of Newcastle. The apartment is situated on the 8th, accessible via express lifts. Benefitt..."
** 5 BEDROOM END TERRACED HOUSE offered for sale** located in popular residential area that has easy access to local amenities. **2 modern bathrooms** spacious sitting and dining areas**5 good sized bedrooms **Fully fitted kitchen**. It also benefits from small front and rear yard. The property i...
"We are delighted to market this very well presented three bedroom semi detached family home situated on Sandringham Road in East Denton. The property briefly comprises to the ground floor: an entrance hallway, lounge, open plan kitchen and dining room. There is a utility leading to the garage...."
"CHAIN FREE - SEMI DETACHED - FANTASTIC PLOT Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this extended semi detached home located on Rosewood Avenue in Garden Village. Gosforth. South facing gardens, a huge driveway and tennis court views to one side ensures this property is situat..."
"IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY SUBSTANTIAL MID TERRACED HOUSE situated on a popular residential street within Fenham. Offering versatile living space which includes two bedrooms and generous lounge / diner / kitchen to the ground floor, four bedrooms, bathroom and separate wc to the first f..."
" ONE BEDROOM THIRD FLOOR APARTMENT Living/Dining/Kitchen | Bedroom | Bathroom | Juliet balcony Enjoying a prime position in Jesmond, Newcastle upon Tyne, Pegasus Jesmond Assembly is a stylish collection of independent, later living apartments for people over 60 offering a fantastic selecti..."
"This two storey mid-terrace house is positioned in a lovely peaceful corner near Jesmond Dene, with three bedrooms and two reception rooms, this property will suit a wide range of buyers and has a garden and garage, and an internal inspection is essential. Accommodation comprises: "
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduce this well-presented, three-bedroom, detached family home situated on a substantial corner plot within the increasingly popular suburb of Killingworth. Close-by to a range of amenities, transport links and schooling. Warm and homely throughout, comprising of a..."
"GENEROUS TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT with ALLOCATED PARKING, LIFT ACCESS, OPEN ASPECT VIEWS, SOUTH FACING BALCONY & NO ONWARD CHAIN! Boasting over 1,100 Sq ft of internal living accommodation. For the discerning buyer, this is an excellent opportunity to acquire a two-bedroom apartment located on the r..."
"**NEW TO THE MARKET - NOT TO BE MISSED** Situated in the quiet Village Farm estate, this unique three-bedroom property is a perfect family home.  The entrance leads into an inviting hallway with cloakroom, W/C, and under-stairs storage. The hallway leads to an open plan kitchen, dining..."
"***£1,000 PER MONTH MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION FOR UP TO 6 MONTHS^*** The Larkspur is a family home with TWO DOUBLE bedrooms and EN SUITE shower room to the master plus a stylish bathroom. An OPEN PLAN kitchen, family and dining area with FRENCH DOORS to the garden and living room with BAY WINDOW. "
"Very spacious and well presented detached house enjoying this enviable corner plot within this sought after location. The property is warmed via gas central heating and has the benefit of uPVC double glazing. The accommodation comprises: entrance hallway, ground floor w/c, living room with a li..."
"Outstanding detached family home in Meadow Hill Throckley is the perfect location whether you're seeking a busy city lifestyle or a quiet, rural retreat. This spacious and beautiful home is designed for modern family living with a spacious, living room and open-plan kitchen, dining room area."
Four bedroom detached house ideal for family...
"The Freesia ground floor boasts a SPACIOUS LIVING ROOM and OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN and DINING AREA. The LUXURY FITTED KITCHEN includes INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and BI-FOLD DOORS leading to the generous garden. With close connections to Newcastle, the village of Throckley offers the best of all worlds."
"The Roseberry is a detached home with an integral garage and a living room with double doors leading to an open-plan kitchen/diner. There’s a utility room, cloakroom and three very useful storage cupboards. Bedroom one is en suite and the landing leads on to three further bedrooms and a bathroom."
"ENJOY LUNCH ON US WHEN YOU TAKE A TOUR OF KENTON LODGE - BOOK NOW! A MODERN and SPACIOUS, two bedroom apartment situated on the FIRST FLOOR, ACCESSIBLE BY A LIFT, of a McCARTHY STONE Retirement Living Plus development with an ON-SITE RESTAURANT, CQC care staff and ESTATE MANAGER, located on a BUS..."
"The Blackwood - ***UP TO £15K CASH BACK, 5% DEPOSIT PAID OR PART EXCHANGE PLUS*** From the convenient hall cupboard and laundry to the ensuite bedroom, this superb home is filled with thoughtful details. French doors enhance the dining area, and one bedroom could be transformed into a home office."
"This delightful ground floor, two bedroom, modern apartment occupies a lovely westerly position within the new wing of the much sought after Kenton Lodge development, Gosforth. This well-proportioned apartment benefits from a private patio terrace overlooking the well maintained communal gardens,..."
Rare opportunity to purchase a 3 bedroom detached bungalow with NO ONWARD CHAIN.....
"An extended three storey period home, delightfully situated on a cobbled street within Summerhill Conservation Area. The location is excellent, within walking distance of Newcastle Central Station, City Centre shops and services, and the green spaces of Summerhill Park. Unlisted, the house exceed..."
"Lovely Semi-Detached Family Home Offering Lounge, Extended Dining Room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Three Good Sized Bedrooms, West Facing Lawned Rear Gardens, Off Street Parking with Garage & No Onward Chain. Priced to reflect some decorative modernisation, this excellent semi-detached family home i..."
ENJOY LUNCH ON US WHEN YOU TAKE A TOUR OF KENTON LODGE - BOOK NOW! A BEAUTIFUL TWO BEDROOM retirement apartment WITH PATIO ENJOYING VIEWS across the LANDSCAPED GARDENS location within a Retirement Living Plus Development FOR THE OVER 70'S.
"A spacious 3 bedroomed second (top) floor apartment, within this desirable, purpose built development. Superbly and conveniently situated, this triple glazed property has gas fired central heating and a video entry system. With scope for some cosmetic updating and approached via a lift with well ..."
"EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME, WITH WEST FACING REAR GARDEN, DRIVEWAY, & GARAGE FOR STORAGE! This extended four bedroom family home, located in a quiet cul de sac in Tudor Grange, has been owned by the current family for 18 years, where they have made a number of improvements and refurbis..."
"Appealing to family buyers is this well presented detached house situated in a cul-de-sac location within this sought after area of West Moor. The property comprises; entrance hallway with stairs to the first floor and access to the ground floor W/C;, lounge to the front incorporating through din..."
"Three Bedroom Semi Detached House situated in Gosforth. Ideally situated for transport links, schools and local amenities."
"3 bedroom DETACHED home with INTEGRAL GARAGE. With instant appeal this home benefits from a light & airy hallway, BAY WINDOW to the lounge, downstairs WC & great size kitchen with FRENCH DOORS to the garden. the first floor has 3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS, master EN SUITE & family bathroom. The..."
"The Polwarth is an ideal, flexible, family home with a front-aspect lounge, a garden-facing kitchen/dining room with French doors, utility room, WC and storage. The first floor has an en-suite bedroom, two more bedrooms, a bathroom, and storage cupboard. The en suite master is on the second floor."
"The Elderwood - 4 bedroom DETACHED home with large lounge, kitchen/dining room & separate laundry room. EN-SUITE & dressing area to principal bedroom 3 further spacious bedrooms & family bathroom."
*NEW RELEASE* The Wisteria is a beautiful double-fronted home has an OPEN PLAN kitchen and dining area with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden perfect for entertaining. The living room is dual aspect with views over the garden and BAY WINDOW. TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with EN SUITE to the master bedroom...
Semi-Detached House built in 1936 in a sought after location.  Additional extension built in 1968 with additional structural work completed in 2021 comprising of: Conversion of existing kitchen & Garage into a large kitchen and utility Room including downstairs WC.  Bi-Fold doors le...
"This purpose built five bedroom maisonette is located with easy access to West Jesmond metro station, close to shops and cafes on Acorn Road, library and swimming baths on St George's Terrace. There is the added attraction of restaurants, cafes and bars on Osborne Road, and easy road access i..."
"FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR POSSIBILITY FOR CONVERSION INTO RESIDENTIAL FIRST FLOOR MAISONETTE 5 BEDROOMS 2 BATHROOMS GREAT LOCATION FOR STUDENTS COUNCIL TAX BAND B Current Tenancy 22/08/202221/08/2023 £368.33x 5 = £1,841.65"
"**SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH AN OPEN PLAN DINING AREA AND KITCHEN** CONSERVATORY**GREAT LOCATION FOR SCHOOLS, AMENITIES AND WESTHOPE GOLF COURSE**EPC = D**COUNCIL TAX BAND D**"
DETACHED HOME - STUNNING CONDITION - CORNER PLOT - OVERLOOKING NATURE RESERVE Fantastic opportunity to purchase a detached home located on Brambling Place in the popular Five Mile Park. This stunning home is in immaculate condition and comes with a range of upgrades. This family home sits on...
" This simply outstanding three bedroom detached house on this highly sought after area estate in Holystone, close to local amenities, schools and good transport links. Guaranteed to impress with its tasteful décor which really does offer the 'WOW' factor. The property briefly comprises: entranc..."
"Lovely Semi-Detached Family Home Offering Lounge, Dining Room, Garden Room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Three Good Sized Bedrooms, South Facing Lawned Gardens, Off Street Parking with Garage and No Onward Chain. This great three-bedroom semi-detached home is ideally located on the popular Hollywoo..."
"Discover the Kingsville, a bright and flexible 3 bedroom townhouse. Perfect for family living, on the ground floor discover an open-plan kitchen-diner with room for a TV area. There's also a ground floor study which doubles as the perfect playroom. On the first floor you’ll find the relaxing loun..."
Spread over 3 floors the Colton offers couples and young families a modern layout and the extra space needed.
"Designer living spread across THREE FLOORS. CONTEMPORARY SANITARYWARE, BOUTIQUE TILING in the bathroom. Kitchen equipped with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES. DETACHED GARAGE."
"HIGH SPEC AVANT HOME - THREE BEDROOMS - OPEN ASPECT TO FRONT Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this fantastic semi detached home located on Foxfield Close within Kenton Bank Foot. This home was recently built by Avant homes, known for their high quality build with luxury gra..."
"We are delighted to welcome to the market, this immaculately presented family home located on Eshmere Crescent in Chapel House. This lovely spacious home has been furnished to a high standard and briefly comprises: to the ground floor, an entrance hallway with Cloaks WC, an open plan lounge an..."
"£500 per month towards your mortgage for 12 months. .The Wylam, Plot 1130 at The Rise."
"Carpet and vinyl flooring package. Upgraded kitchen. Integrated fridge/freezer. Integrated washing machine. Integrated dishwasher. .The Wylam, Plot 1126 at The Rise."
*** SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT IDEALLY LOCATED IN THE CITY CENTRE OF NEWCASTLE ***
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** We are delighted to offer for sale this spacious modern four bedroom detached family home. Located within a popular residential area and close to a wide range of amenities and transport links including Kingston Park r...
"A traditional terraced house offering great access to Gosforth's bustling High Street and the transport links into Newcastle city centre. The property consists of spacious reception room to the front aspect, dining room to the rear leading into the kitchen. Upstairs there are two double bedrooms,..."
"***INVESTMENT*** - 4 BEDROOM MAISONETTE - POPULAR LOCATION - CURRENTLY LET AT £14,136pa UNTIL JUNE 2023 Brunton Residential are pleased to be able to offer this fantastic investment opportunity, situated in Jesmond Vale, walking distance to City Centre, local amenities and bars and restaurant..."
"ENJOY LUNCH ON US WHEN YOU TAKE A TOUR OF KENTON LODGE - BOOK NOW! A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, two bedroom, third floor, apartment with a SOUTH-WESTERLY FACING WALK-OUT BALCONY enjoying VIEWS TOWARD NUNS MOOR. located on the third floor of a McCARTHY STONE Retirement Living Plus development wit..."
"This generously proportioned property is available for sale with a substantial plot and no onward chain. The front door opens to a hallway with storage, a comfortable living room, dining room and fitted kitchen with a door to the garage, Stairs lead to the first floor landing, a family bathroom a..."
"Signature North East is thrilled to introduce to the sales market this exceptional three bedroom semi-detached home on Blagdon Terrace, Seaton Burn. Recently renovated by the current owner, this property perfectly balances traditional charm, featuring beautiful high ceilings, with modern upgrades..."
"*FOR SALE BY MODERN AUCTION* A fabulous opportunity to purchase a semi-detached, 3 bedroom extended bungalow, within this highly sought after location. This spacious property would benefit from some updating and has great potential, allowing the successful purchaser to create a superb home to the..."
" AN OUTSTANDING 4 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED ON THE HIGHLY DESIRABLE SLINGSBY GARDENS, COCHRANE PARK. The property has been tastefully extended and offers an excellent standard of living accommodation throughout. Briefly comprising: Entrance porch, entrance hall, a lounge/dinin..."
"Lovely presented Four bedroom detached family home with garage extension that could be used as a fourth bedroom on the sought after estate of Woodlands Grange, Forest Hall. There are a wealth of amenities nearby including shopping facilities, good schools, local pubs and excellent transport link..."
"Hive Estates presents to the market this three bedroom Victorian terraced home in the sought after area of Heaton. Starting with an original front door, the property benefits from period features throughout including a Victorian fireplace in the front living space, with original coving intact. Mu..."
"Well Presented Semi-Detached Family Home with 17ft Open Plan Kitchen Diner & Off-Street Parking! This 1930's semi-detached home is ideally located on Marlborough Avenue, Gosforth. Marlborough Avenue is conveniently situated close to excellent local schools, transport links and is within walking d..."
" Contemporary DETACHED home with SPACIOUS LIVING room, open plan kitchen/diner, dedicated UTILITY ROOM, & 3 generous bedrooms"
"The Tiverton - A corridor hallway leads through to a broad kitchen and dining room where french doors introduce a natural, airy appeal, creating an inspiring setting for family life and complementing the elegant lounge. The three bedrooms include a delightful master suite incorporating a built in..."
"A substantial sized four-bedroom end terrace home, built over three stories, with two lounge/reception rooms, private yard and converted outhouse.. A Unique property to the market which is located in a sought-after area of South Gosforth. Arrange your viewing today!"
"Enjoy the best of modern living in this popular three-bedroom home which has a stylish open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors leading into the garden, a bright front aspect living room and a separate utility room. Upstairs, bedroom one has an en suite and there's a good-sized family bathroom."
GetAnOffer are offering this ATTRACTIVELY PRICED PROPERTY from a MOTIVATED seller to buyers that are in a position to purchase relatively quickly. This property has been PRICED to ENCOURAGE a QUICK SALE. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property for sale: Semi Detached House Four Bedro...
** Gosforth ** LOVELY Semi-Detached Family Home | Tasteful Contemporary Decor & Spacious | An Impressive 92sqm of Living Space + Very Bright & Light | Please check OUR VIDEO TOUR & BOOK YOUR VIEWING without delay to avoid disappointment | Enquiries Welcome 8am - 9pm / 7 Days a Week 
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS | EXTENDED DORMER BUNGALOW | SUNSTANTIAL PLOT Located on the sought after Ashwood Grove in North Gosforth, this two bedroom semi detached bungalow has been sympathetically extended to off..."
"**Investment Opportunity**Pair Of Flats** Essential works need to be carried out to the properties and this is reflected within the price. A purpose-built end terraced pair of flats, well located within reach of South Gosforth Metro, and Gosforth High Street amenities. Currently let until Autumn ..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** THREE BEDROOM | GARAGE & DRIVE | NO ONWARD CHAIN This well presented three bedroom semi detached family home is now available on the ever popular Brinkburn Avenue in Gosforth with 24ft lo...
"Open Day, Saturday 4th March 2023 - Please call to book A well appointed traditional three bedroom semi detached house well positioned for access to Gosforth High Street as well as the Regent centre Interchange. The property benefits from a westerly facing patio garden, driveway, and ground fl..."
*NEW RELEASE* The Chandler has TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS with an EN SUITE to the master. An OPEN-PLAN kitchen and dining area with FRENCH DOORS opening on to the rear garden. The separate living room is located towards the front of the house and features a bay window. Plot 464 comes with single GARAGE
"Spacious detached house situated on Chapel House Drive within this extremely popular location. The property is warmed via gas central heating and has the benefit of uPVC double glazing. The accommodation comprises: front entrance hallway, living room with a multi fuel burning stove and open acc..."
"A superbly presented and appointed 2 bedroomed detached bungalow, pleasantly situated within this sought after estate. The Reception Hall, with cloaks cupboard, leads to the Lounge, the focal point of which is a coal effect real flame gas fire, set within an ornate Adam style surround. There is a..."
"3 Bedroom semi-detached property KEY FEATURES • Semi-detached • Beautifully presented • 3 Bedrooms • En-suite • Integral garage • Double driveway • Large sunny garden 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY situated on Corver Crescent, Havannah Park, North Gosforth. Bird House Properties ar..."
"We are delighted to the welcome to the market this very well presented three storey semi detached family home situated on Dunblane Crescent in West Denton. The accommodation briefly comprises: an entrance lobby, Cloaks WC, lounge and dining kitchen and reception room. To the first landing ther..."
"This three-bedroom home has a stylish open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors to the garden. The Horton's living room, utility room, handy storage cupboard and cloakroom complete the ground floor. Upstairs, the master bedroom is en-suite and there’s a family bathroom and useful further storage."
"***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** BEAUTIFULLY APPOINTED APARTMENT set within this highly desirable and sought after location within Jesmond. Located on the first floor and offering living space which includes a generous lounge, 20' DININ..."
PROFESSIONAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR POSSIBILITY FOR CONVERSION INTO RESIDENTIAL FIRST FLOOR MAISONETTE 5 BEDROOMS 2.5 BATHROOMS COUNCIL TAX BAND A Current Tenancy 01/06/2021- 31/05/2023 £700.00
"**Brandling Village Conservation Area**Split-Level Top Floor Apartment**No Onward Chain** Arranged over the upper levels of a fine period terraced town house, this two bedroom apartment is well located within walking distance of Clayton Road cafes and shops, Jesmond Metro, and the green open spac..."
4 bedroom detached house offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN...
"A CORNER, DUAL ASPECT one bedroom apartment with WRAP AROUND BALCONY and VIEWS OF NUNS MOOR and the communal gardens of this McCARTHY STONE Retirement Living Plus development. With on-site RESTAURANT, ESTATE MANAGER, CQC registered CARE TEAM on-site 24/7 and BESPOKE CARE PACKAGES available. BUS S..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a substantial 4 bedroomed stone built end terraced house, incorporating a self contained shop unit. Conveniently situated within the centre of this village, on the Western periphery of Newcastle, there is scope for updating, with the possibility of utilizing the sho..."
TO BE SOLD VIA Online Auction until 24/03/2023 12:00. Fees Apply. We welcome to the market a three bedroom detached bungalow situated on Ingram Drive a most desirable area of Chapel Park. Chapel Park is one of the more traditional and established residential areas in the West of Newcastle a...
"The Chollerford, Plot 1414 at The Rise."
"The Chollerford, Plot 1415 at The Rise."
"The Chollerford, Plot 1413 at The Rise."
"A three bedroom semi detached house located on Clovellly Avenue, Grainger Park. Presented to a high standard throughout, the property is sure to appeal to those buyers looking for a spacious family home. Being situated in Grainger Park the position offers excellent access to local amenities inclu..."
"Available to purchase this mid terrace house being sold with no upper chain located on the popular and sought after location of Beech Grove, in Benton. Briefly comprising;, entrance porch, lobby and hallway, lounge with bay window, dining room to the rear, fitted kitchen leading into the utility..."
"Appealing to all buyers this well presented, two bedroom double fronted detached bungalow situated within a cul de sac position on the sought after Kingswood Estate. The property comprises; entrance hall, W.C,, open plan lounge and dining area, kitchen with a range of wall and base units, plumbin..."
"TO BE SOLD VIA ONLINE AUCTION 29/03/2023 14:00. ATTENTION ALL INVESTORS Pattinson welcome to the market is five bed semi-detached house on Rokeby Drive. The property is ideally located just one street off Kenton Lane, with schools, shops and transport links all close by. It briefly com..."
"Hunters are delighted to offer for sale this outstanding five bedroom penthouse apartment, located on the 5th and 6th floor within a modern block of similar apartments. This well-presented duplex property has easy access to local amenities, transport links, and Newcastle city centre just on the d..."
"Purpose Built Two Bedroom Apartment with Generous Open Plan Lounge/Diner, Stylish Re-Fitted Kitchen, Private Balcony, Re-Fitted Bathroom, Private Garage & Wonderful Panoramic Views of the North East!This light and spacious apartment is ideally located to the 6th floor of Montagu Court, Gosforth. ..."
"An impressive extended four bedroom semi detached family home located within the sought-after and ever-popular area of Kingston Park, on Beamister Way. Close to major transport links with access to both North & South of the region, the City of Newcastle Upon Tyne, as well as being within walking ..."
*** THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE ON A GENEROUS PLOT - IDEAL FAMILY HOME - VIEWINGS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ***
"OCCUPYING A CORNER PLOT OF THE DESIRABLE WARWICK HALL WALK, THIS STUNNING 3 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME. The beautifully appointed accommodation comprises; entrance porch, entrance hall, lounge with archway leading to dining kitchen. To the 1st floor there are 3 bedrooms and a luxury family..."
Deceptive 4 bedroom semi-detached house in the heart of Westerhope village...
"Dobsons Estate Agents are delighted to welcome to the market this immaculately presented second floor apartment in this prestigious development, situated in the heart of Ponteland village and a short walk to all the amenities it has to offer. The accommodation boasts a wonderful open ..."
"A two bedroom, semi-detached property situated in the sought after cul-de-sac of Eland Edge, which is in close proximity to Ponteland village and its amenities. The property is entered into an entrance porch through to the living room with exposed beams and picture rails, leading to th..."
"The Moresby is an elegant three bedroom home with contemporary features, ideal for modern living. On the ground floor you'll find a spacious kitchen/dining area with French doors leading to the garden, and a lounge room. On the first floor, you will find the generous main bedroom with en suite, a..."
"Impressive semi-detached home with MODERN KITCHEN, flexible living spaces, INTERNAL GARAGE and large main bedroom w/ ENSUITE"
"Signature North East are delighted to welcome to the market this two-bedroom, first floor apartment located on the prestigious and modern development in Ponteland village. This stunning property, built in 2021, is ideally local to an abundance of useful amenities such as shops, supermarkets, rest..."
"Two Bedroom Detached Bungalow in popular estate, well presented throughout and with lovely garden..."
"The Chesters, Plot 1417 at The Rise."
"The Chesters, Plot 1418 at The Rise."
Deceptively spacious 4 bedroom semi-detached house...
DETACHED HOME - PERFECT FAMILY HOME - NO ONWARD CHAIN Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this detached home located on Iveston Avenue in the ever-popular Great Park. This three bedroom home is within close proximity to the A1 and other transport links as well as Brunton and Havannah F...
3 Bedroom Semi-Detached House for Sale KEY FEATURES • 3 Bedrooms • Spacious property • Large plot with wrap around gardens • Spacious lounge • Dining room • Fitted kitchen • Master bedroom with en-suite • Downstairs wc • Convenient location • Opportunity to purchase the flat next doo...
" Property Rung are delighted to bring to the market For Sale, this beautiful 3 Bedroom Semi-Detached Cottage on Limestone Lane, Ponteland. Briefly comprising of Entrance Hallway, Lounge and Kitchen, to the ground floor with First Floor accommodation offering Master Bedroom, a further two Bed..."
EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOM**FINISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD** A MUST VIEW TO FULLY APPRECIATE THE ACCOMIDATION ON OFFER** VERSATILE LIVING **COUNCIL TAX BAND C**EPC = C**
*NEW RELEASE* The Chandler has TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS with an EN SUITE to the master. An OPEN-PLAN kitchen and dining area with FRENCH DOORS opening on to the rear garden. The separate living room is located towards the front of the house and features a bay window overlooking the landscaped garden. 
The Faber features OPEN PLAN living / dining room with FRENCH DOORS opening into the rear garden. Separate front facing kitchen / breakfast room. Three bedrooms with ENSUITE to the master and stylish family bathroom serving the remaining two. Allocated parking
**A REAL MUST VIEW ** Offered with no onward chain is this fantastic three bedroom property with a beautiful rear garden. 
" VIEWING COMES RECOMMENDED ON THIS SUPERB 3 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED ON THE HIGHLY DESIRABLE TURBINIA GARDENS, COCHRANE PARK. The property is conveniently located for access to an abundance of amenities including Sainsburys Supermarket, The Freeman Hospital and Paddy Freeman's..."
" Rare to the market this two bedroom characteristic detached bungalow on a corner plot, located in the sought after area Forest Hall. The bungalow needs modernisation and has the potential to develop onto the side or the rear of the property, perfect for a family home. The property briefly comp..."
"**Three Storey Period House**HMO or Family home** A terraced property well located within reach of access to Newcastle City Centre, and close to both Chillingham Road and Heaton Road amenities. Currently let until August 2023, the house generates an annual rent of £15,600, and a gross of yi..."
"This a superb opportunity to purchase this excellent detached home situated on Kirkland Chase. The property is located near a wealth of local amenities including schools, shops, and leisure facilities with further amenities being offered via the A1 motorway and regular public transport links to N..."
"FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR POSSIBILITY FOR CONVERSION INTO RESIDENTIAL FIRST FLOOR MAISONETTE 6 BEDROOMS 2 BATHROOMS GREAT LOCATION FOR STUDENTS COUNCIL TAX BAND A Current Tenancy 07/08/202206/08/2023 £346.66 x 6 = £2,079.96"
ENJOY LUNCH ON US WHEN YOU TAKE A TOUR OF KENTON LODGE - BOOK NOW! A MODERN ONE BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT WITH BALCONY AND VIEWS ACROSS THE DEVELOPMENT. EXCLUSIVELY FOR THE OVER 70'S.
"The sales team at Heaton Property is delighted to present this fantastic modern, freehold townhouse in the heart of ever popular Heaton.
The property is currently tenanted (on a Heaton Property's award winning ProShare Plus scheme) at £2120.00 per calendar month inclus..."
"We are delighted to welcome to the market this well presented two bedroom Top floor apartment situated on the ever popular Dulverton Court. It has a close proximity to the wonderful Jesmond Dene's 42 acres of parkland but is within a short walk to an array of local shops, supermarkets, cafes ..."
"This exceptional property benefits from a sought after cul-de-sac location and magnificent low maintenance garden with a sunny aspect. The front door opens to a welcoming hallway with storage and gives access to a stylish modern kitchen, convenient ground floor WC and a beautiful living room open..."
The Daisy is a spacious and beautiful family home designed for modern living. It features a SPACIOUS LIVING ROOM and an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN and DINING AREA with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and FRENCH DOORS leading to the generous garden. Just a short drive from Newcastle city centre and local amenities. 
"An impressive three bedroom semi detached family home occupying a superb position within Willowfield Avenue in Fawdon, close to Gosforth High Street with its wonderful array of shops, cafes, and restaurants. Excellent transport links via bus and metro are just a short walk away, providing easy a..."
"Situated on the top floor of this attractive conversion building is this superb immaculate and stylish apartment. The property is situated on Akenside Terrace, within the sought after conservation area of Jesmond, close to an extensive range of local amenities, shops, cafes, bars and restaurants,..."
"FABULOUS 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED TOWN HOUSE situated in a prime position within the East Moor Village area of Newcastle Great Park. Bird House Properties are delighted to present this property boasting close proximity to Brunton First School, Plantpots Playgroup, private nursery, Great Park Commu..."
Stunning 3/4 bedroom house that requires viewing to appreciate the quality of the property on offer...
"This refurbished two storey terraced house, with two double bedrooms and two reception rooms, is located in Heaton, ideal for first time buyers and couples, and an internal inspection is essential. Accommodation comprises: Ground Floor: Entrance Vestibule, Hallway, Sitting ..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduces to market this bright and spacious, three-bedroom, detached property with front and rear gardens, situated within the sought-after residential area of West Moor, NE12. Close-by to a range of local amenities, schooling, and transport links. Warm and homely t..."
"This three storey end of terrace house, is located in the heart of Heaton and is ideally suited as a rental investment or for first buyers and couples. Accommodation comprises: Ground Floor: Hallway, Sitting Room, Dining Kitchen. First Floor: Landing, Bedroom 1,..."
"Located within the Summerhill Conservation Area is this mid terraced house. Summerhill is a late Georgian residential suburb of Newcastle. Residents of the Summerhill Square area have access to the Summerhill Pavilion and Gardens, including a bowling green, where regular events take place. T..."
OPEN TO OFFERS .... Three bedroom detached house on lovely corner plot in Chapel Park with ideal home office in garden...
"Occupying a prominent plot with wide frontage and gardens to three sides. Extended to the rear, this impressive semi detached home is superbly presented and maintained having been the subject of major expenditure in recent years. At ground floor level there is a hallway, through lounge/dining ..."
"The Faber features OPEN PLAN living / dining area with elegant FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden plus separate kitchen / breakfast room to the front of the property. EN SUITE to the master bedroom, modern family bathroom plus allocated parking. Discover more about this home "
"A superb home located within this sought after Cheviot View Estate enjoying a cul-de-sac position. Local amenities are available in the area with further amenities in Kingston Park and central Gosforth. Internally this home offers modern living with a lounge through dining room, a conservatory..."
"The Buttermere is very popular with families. The bright and modern open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading into the garden is ideal for entertaining and for enjoying family meals. The front porch, inner hallway, downstairs cloakroom and useful cupboard take care of everyday storage."
"£500 per month towards your mortgage for 12 months. .The Falstone, Plot 1131 at The Rise."
"The Falstone, Plot 1132 at The Rise."
"STYLISH & EXTENDED DORMER BUNGALOW WITH LOUNGE, OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER, SUN ROOM, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, SHOWER ROOM PLUS EN-SUITE, SOUTH WEST FACING REAR GARDENS, OFF STREET PARKING, GARAGE & NO ONWARD CHAIN!This delightful, semi-detached bungalow is ideally located on Harlow Avenue, Fawdon. ..."
" A spacious and well presented semi detached, Dutch bungalow, which is nicely situated on Larchwood Avenue, Walkerville. The property is close to all local amenities: schools, shops, medical and leisure facilities with good access to all major road and bus links. The property benefits from ga..."
"Located in the popular area of Denton Burn is this semi detached house. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, bedroom/additional reception room, kitchen, utility, dining room and conservatory. To the first floor is a landing, three bedrooms and bathroom. E..."
"Occupying a prominent corner plot and situated close to excellent local schools, Regent Centre and Wansbeck Metro station's, the shops, cafes and restaurants on Gosforth High Street and further transport links to Newcastle City Centre and beyond. This two bedroom semi-detached bungalow is ideally..."
"Bell Estate Agents are proud to welcome this stunning, three/four bedroom, townhouse situated on North Court Farm, Newcastle Upon Tyne. This freehold property boasts spacious living, throughout and is in an excellent location with a range of amenities within close proximity including shops, super..."
"Absolutely immaculately presented, link-detached house situated on Avalon Drive within this extremely popular location. The property is warmed via gas central heating and has the benefit of uPVC double glazing and security alarm system. The spacious accommodation comprises: entrance hallway wit..."
"A Three Bedroomed Semi Detached House within a new development of exclusive two and three bedroom houses, situated in the popular village of West Allotment. Finished to a very high standard these contemporary new build houses would be ideally suited for first time buyers and families alike. <..."
Three bedroom detached house on lovely corner plot...
" Occupying a wonderful mature plot, with memorable rear garden, this extended three bedroom semi detached house is offered with no onward chain. The property is gas central heating and UPVC double glazed but would benefit from some improvement this being reflected in the guide price. The floor p..."
CORNER PLOT - EXTENDED PROPERTY - FANTASTIC REAR VIEWS Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this extended semi detached home located on High Ridge within Hazlerigg. This fantastic family home has four bedrooms and open views to the rear.
"IMMACULATE FAMILY HOME ON A QUIET CUL DE SAC IN POPULAR WOODLANDS PARK ESTATE, IN WIDEOPEN. Benefitting from modern kitchen and bathroom. The internal accommodation comprises:- hallway, open plan lounge/diner through to kitchen, utility room, garage (for storage space only..."
" This MODERN semi-detached home boasts a GENEROUS LIVING room, kitchen/diner w/ INTEGRATED APPLIANCES & 2 contemporary bathrooms"
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to present to the market this recently modernised two bedroom semi detached bungalow on Debdon Gardens. The property is located within a desirable area of Heaton and will appeal to ...
A pair of tenanted freehold flats located on Lynnwood Terrace. The properties are offered as a complete turnkey investment opportunity with existing tenancies until August 2023 and all fixtures and fittings included. The properties comprises of a two bedroom lower flat and a three bedroom upper. ...
**** THREE BEDROOMS **** EXTENDED TO GROUND FLOOR **** GENEROUS CORNER PLOT **** UTILITY/WC **** PARKING FOR UP TO FOUR VEHICLES **** GARAGE **** SOUTH/WESTERLY REAR GARDEN **** Situated on a generous corner plot is this three-bedroom semi-detached house. The home has plenty o...
**CHAIN FREE**EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH AN EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOM**VERSATILE LIVING **EPC = C** COUNCIL TAX BAND C **
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Positioned on this modern residential estate, the opportunity to purchase this immaculately presented three bedroom semi detached house is now available. The current owners of the property have this property in immac..."
"FOR SALE VIA AUCTION: terms and conditions apply. The subject property is a two storey, mid terrace building, currently occupied and running as a HMO. The property consists of a lounge, kitchen, six bedrooms, two shower rooms with W.C. and a bathroom with W.C. The property is fully occupied an..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this immaculate three bedroom link detached situated on Garth Sixteen, Falkirk in the sought after area of Killingworth. Briefly comprising, entrance hall with stairs to the first floor, lounge, fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, conservatory, newly fitt..."
"ENJOY LUNCH ON US WHEN YOU TAKE A TOUR OF KENTON LODGE - BOOK NOW! A WELL PRESENTED, SOUTH FACING one bedroom apartment on the FIRST FLOOR with WALK-OUT BALCONY in a SECLUDED part of a McCARTHY STONE Retirement Living Plus development with an ON-SITE RESTAURANT, ESTATE MANAGER, CQC registere..."
"** TWO BEDROOM, DUPLEX QUAYSIDE APARTMENT WITH PARKING ** Situated in Peppercorn Court, this two double bedroom, duplex apartment is hidden away in a Quayside location. With open plan living/dining area, spiral staircase, communal gardens and allocated parking, all situated on the banks of the Ri..."
"Wonderfully presented 3 bed detached house located in Newcastle Upon Tyne ** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £240,000 - £245,000 + ** Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Spacious and cosy living roo..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** When it comes to finding the perfect modern build end-link home, you would be hard pressed to find one as well presented and desirable as this. The accommodation is exquisitely presented and the current owner has real..."
"A superb two bedroom apartment, located on the first floor in Hemingway Court, with a Juliet balcony in the open plan sitting room/kitchen, allocated parking for one car and attractive communal grounds. The contemporary apartment, built by Ascent Homes in 2019, has been further improved by the cu..."
"The Ullswater is a three bedroom, two-bathroom home with a spacious open-plan kitchen/breakfast room and flexible dining room. The first-floor living room is bright and well-proportioned with a Juliet balcony. The three bedrooms are all good-sized doubles and bedroom one includes a storage cupboard."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Positioned on this modern residential estate, the opportunity to purchase this immaculately presented three bedroom semi detached house is now available for the buyer seeking the perfect family home. The current owner..."
**** SEMI DETACHED HOUSE **** FOUR BEDROOMS **** DRESSING/PLAY ROOM **** POPULAR LOCATION **** LOUNGE/DINING ROOM **** GARAGE & PARKING **** GREAT FAMILY HOME **** Situated on Appletree Gardens on the popular Walkerville estate is this four-bedroom semi-detached house. The home...
"Beautifully presented and done to a high standard by the current owners, located in a popular location of Walkerville being close to local shops, amenities, and fantastic local schools. The property is also close to local metro and bus routes allowing easy access to Newcastle City Centre."
"Viewing comes recommended on this stunning traditional semi detached bungalow located within this popular residential development on the fringe of central Gosforth. The property has been fully refurbished, remodelled and extended to incorporate a superb 23ft dining extension to the rear and impre..."
"A superbly appointed and presented 2 bedroomed semi detached dormer bungalow, offering extended and reconfigured accommodation, within this sought after residential estate. With gas fired central heating, security alarm and sealed unit double glazing, the Reception Hall, with cloaks cupboard, lea..."
"We are delighted to welcome to the market this first floor two bedroom apartment situated in the heart of Jesmond. There is easy access to a large range of local shops, cafes, restaurants and cafes on Acorn Road and further bars and Waitrose on Osborne Road. There are good public transport links ..."
" Rare to the market, this three bedroom semi-detached house offered with no onward chain, located in the sought after area Forest Hall, close to local shops, good transport links and schools. The property briefly comprises: Entrance Pouch, Hall way with stairs, Large living room/dining room, Ki..."
"Guide Price £235,000 For sale by public auction on . Sharnford Close - Backworth Quiet & peaceful location with ample parking This is a very unique property for which we would strongly recommend you watch the video walkthrough tour to get a better idea of what is on offer Potential build..."
"Stylish & Fully Re-Furbished Apartment Offering a Wonderful Open Plan Lounge/Diner with Private & Enclosed South Facing Balcony, Re-Fitted Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Two Bedrooms, Shower Room, Private Garage & No Onward Chain.This is an excellent opportunity to acquire an excellent two bedro..."
Extended three bedroom semi detached house.
*** TWO BEDROOMS - TOP FLOOR APARTMENT - VIBRANT CITY CENTRE LOCATION - GARAGE - SPACIOUS APARTMENT *** Mike Rogerson Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this two bedroom top floor apartment situated on Northumberland Road in Newcastle. The accommodation is located with close pr...
"A 3 bedroom semi detached house, situated on this popular road close to the amenities of Ponteland village. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, the Reception Hall leads to the Lounge, the focal point of which is an electric fire within a contemporary surround, bow windo..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduce this tenanted investment opportunity, three-bedroom apartment situated in the beautiful, leafy area of West Jesmond. Currently tenanted until August 2023 at a rent of £13,260pa (£85pppw) making this an attractive investment opportunity with competit..."
Three bedroom semi-detached house in lovely position on the Hillheads estate...
"DETACHED FAMILY HOME with DELIGHTFUL REAR GARDENS. This detached, 1930’s family home is ideally located on The Drive, Denton. The Drive, which is placed just off Slatyford Lane is situated close to the local shops and amenities, with fantastic access to the A1 providing easy access around the reg..."
"FOR SALE!!
We welcome to the market this 3 bedroom, semi detached house, located on Baldwin Avenue, NE4 "
"Substantial Purpose Built Apartment Offering a Generous Open Plan Lounge/Diner, Stylish Re-Fitted Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Two Double Bedrooms, Contemporary Re-Fitted Bathroom & En-Suite, Lift Access, Allocated Parking Space and No Onward Chain!This impressive and generous, two bedroom apartment i..."
"We are delighted to offer this three bedroom semi-detached house situated in a popular area of Dunston close to local amenities and excellent transport links. The property benefits from gardens to three side and a garage and driveway. The accommodation briefly comprises:- Entrance hallway, dini..."
"SOUGHT AFTER FAMILY HOME Set within this popular residential location is this EXTREMELY WELL PRESENTED semi detached family home with off street driveway parking, attached garage and generous enclosed rear garden. Offering an open plan lounge / diner, conservatory, STYLISH BREAKFASTING KI..."
" Internal inspection is strongly recommended of this two bedroomed detached bungalow situated on the favoured estate Meadway Drive in Forest Hall. Close to all local amenities including Schools, shops, Palmersville Metro Station, bus routes and road links to nearby centres. The property briefly ..."
"***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** A BEAUTIFULLY APPOINTED modern semi detached home with attractive gardens and boasting a MODERN DINING KITCHEN, lounge, master bedroom with EN-SUITE, two further bedrooms and a STYLISH FAMILY BATHROOM. ..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom end terrace house which is situated in a sought after location in Palmersville, providing excellent access to local amenities, schools and publ..."
"ENJOY LUNCH ON US WHEN YOU TAKE A TOUR OF KENTON LODGE - BOOK NOW! A one bedroom, FIRST FLOOR apartment with SOUTH EASTERLY facing WALK OUT BALCONY overlooking the LANDSCAPED GARDENS located within a McCARTHY STONE Retirement Living development with an ESTATE MANAGER, CARE TEAM and facilities to ..."
"Lennon Properties are delighted to bring to the market this fully refurbished two bedroom bungalow situated on Westgarth in Whorlton Grange Estate Westerhope Village to the west side of Newcastle. The accommodation briefly comprises: entrance, lounge, breakfasting kitchen, two bedrooms and bathr..."
"Pattinson Welcome to the market this two bedroom home located in the popular residential area of Gosforth with fantastic transport links, amenities and schools very close. The property benefits from gas central heating, upvc double glazing and off street parking to the rear. Internally in compr..."
**SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW WHICH HAS BEEN REFURBISHED**CHAIN FREE**COUNCIL TAX BAND B**EPC = D**
"A stylish, ECO friendly, three bedroom link detached property over three floors located in the ever popular 'The Rise' development by Barratt Homes. Affording stunning views, the property offers family living in an Energy-efficient, sustainable home which is close to local retail parks, Horses..."
"***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** OUTSTANDING GROUND FLOOR FLAT set within the fantastic location of Jesmond Vale. Boasting en-suite facilities to the master bedrooms, a beautifully presented lounge, MODERN "
"The Overton - The light-filled lounge opens on to a beautifully designed kitchen where french doors add a focal point, as well as flexibility, to the dining area. There is a conveniently self-contained laundry space, and the master bedroom includes an en-suite shower and a practical storage cupbo..."
"A two bedroom ground floor apartment located on Meadow Lane in Dunston. The apartment is warmed by gas central heating and having the benefit of UPVC double glazing the property comprises of a an open plan lounge/diner, a fitted kitchen, two bedrooms and modern bathroom with shower. The property..."
"We are delighted to the welcome to the market this detached bungalow on Kidderminster Drive in Chapel Park. The accommodation briefly comprises, an entrance hallway, lounge, fitted kitchen, a conservatory, there are two bedrooms and a bathroom. Other benefits include double glazing and gas ..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this three bedroom extended semi detached family home on East Forest Hall Road, in this very sought after Village. The house is filled with natural light with a welcoming hall and spacious living accommodation across two floors. The enclosed rear garden is ma..."
"ENJOY LUNCH ON US WHEN YOU TAKE A TOUR OF KENTON LODGE - BOOK NOW! A beautifully presented one bedroom second floor retirement apartment. Oven, hob, fridge and freezer have never been used. BEAUTIFUL BALCONY leading from the living room. ONE HOUR OF DOMESTIC ASSISTANCE INCLUDED PER WEEK."
"Offered with no onward chain is this well presented good size two bedroom semi detached house house providing spacious accommodation throughout. The accommodation comprises; entrance area, entrance hallway with stairs to the first floor, lounge to the front with walk in bay window and feature..."
"This ground floor apartment sits within this purpose-built block for the over 55s and offers both independent and assisted living on the edge of Gosforth, with one double bedroom, a good size living space and patio doors out to communal gardens. Accommodation comprises: Grou..."
"A fabulous opportunity to purchase a refurbished and well presented 2 bedroomed semi detached bungalow, on a superb corner plot, within this sought after residential area. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, the spacious Entrance Porch leads to the Reception Hall, with ..."
*** TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW - AVAILABLE WITH NO UPPER CHAIN - FULLY REFURBISHED ***
"A rare opportunity to purchase a 2 bedroomed ground floor flat, with direct garden access via French doors from the lounge. With security entry system, electric heating and sealed unit double glazing, the spacious Reception Hall, with cloaks cupboard and cupboard housing the hot water system, lea..."
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH GENEROUS REAR GARDEN, DRIVEWAY AND GARAGE AND WELL PRESENTEND THROUGHOUT. Benefitting from no upper chain, and situated on this popular residential estate close to Gosforth, within walking distance of Metro station, local schools and s..."
REFERBISHED SEMI DETACHED HOME - THREE BEDROOMS - CUL DE SAC LOCATION Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this three bedroom semi detached home located on Torver Close in the popular Brunswick Green estate. This fully refurbished property has three bedrooms with a driveway leading to g...
"A well presented two bedroom apartment, situated to the first floor of this imposing Art Deco building within the heart of Gosforth. Moor Court provides excellent location for access to Gosforth High Street with its fantastic range of amenities including shops, cafes, restaurants and gym, whilst ..."
We are delighted to bring to the market this larger style three bedroom semi detached home with garage and gardens located on Bracknell Gardens in the ever popular Chapel House area. The property benefits from Double glazing and Gas central heating. Accommodation briefly comprises - Reception hal...
"For sale by Auction 30th March 2023 Option 2 We welcome to the market this three bedroom house situated on Marcross Close in Abbey Farm The accommodation briefly comprises to the ground floor: an entrance lobby, lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen and a conservatory. To the first floor lan..."
"This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase this sought after three bedroom semi detached property located located in a popular area of Dunston. This spacious property is a bright and airy house, benefitting from lots of natural light throughout the day. The property briefly comprises of: ent..."
"A SPACIOUS, SOUTH FACING apartment with a WALK OUT BALCONY enjoying VIEWS OVER THE GARDENS located on the FIRST FLOOR of a McCARTHY STONE Retirement Living Plus development with an ON-SITE RESTAURANT, ESTATE MANAGER and CARE STAFF and a BUS STOP OUTSIDE."
This bright and practical home is ideal for modern family living. The LARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with ample dining space has FRENCH DOORS leading out to the garden. The home also features a SPACIOUS LOUNGE for all of the family to relax in. Upstairs the main bedroom has an EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM and t...
"The Maidstone has a SPACIOUS LOUNGE leading to an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN WITH DINING AREA and FRENCH DOORS to the garden. There's also a downstairs CLOAKROOM and some handy under stair storage.
Upstairs you'll find an EN SUITE main bedroom, a further double bedroom and a single bedroom or home office...."
This bright and practical home is ideal for modern family living. The large OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with ample dining space has FRENCH DOORS leading out to the garden. The home also features a SPACIOUS LOUNGE for all of the family to relax in. Upstairs the main bedroom has an EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM and t...
"The Masterton - The generously proportioned lounge and the dining kitchen, with its stylish french doors, present a relaxing setting for entertaining, and the three bedrooms ensure peaceful seclusion is always available. The dormer master bedroom, with its private staircase and en-suite shower ro..."
Beautifully presented and extended three Bedroom Detached Property set back back in popular Meadow Rise Estate.
Three bedroom semi-detached house | En suite to master bedroom | Garden to rear | Off street parking for two cars
"Hunters are delighted to offer for sale this outstanding four bedroom apartment, located on 3rd floor within a modern block of similar apartments. This well-presented property has easy access to local amenities, transport links, and Newcastle city centre just on the doorstep. This is the perfect..."
"A beautiful selection of 3 bedroom affordable homes available for Shared Ownership with Riverside Home Ownership, Development by Keepmoat Homes. Our part buy, part rent, homes are available to buy from as little as 25% up to 75%, located in popular suburb of West Denton."
"Located on this modern development in Newcastle outer West we offer for sale this impressive three story semidetached house, located on Kirkland Chaase, Westerhope. The property is well presented and benefits from a modern fitted kitchen and a garage. The accommodation briefly comprises: entranc..."
Wonderfully presented 4 bedroom third floor apartment in Newcastle Upon Tyne Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Generously sized open plan kitchen living dining room Bright and airy living area with Juliet balcony Modern and well-appointed kitchen uni...
"NO UPPER CHAIN with this DELIGHTFUL FAMILY HOME that occupies a LARGER CORNER SITE within a HIGHLY REGARDED residential area and offers SCOPE FOR EXTENSION if required. With convenience of access to local amenities, SHOPS, SCHOOLS and TRANSPORT LINKS (METRO nearby) the property represents a WONDE..."
"**SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM HOUSE WITH EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOM AND GARDENS TO THE FRONT, SIDE AND REAR** OFF STREET PARKING**360 VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE**EPC = B**COUNCIL TAX = C**"
"Offered for sale with no upper chain this extended three bedroom semi detached property must be viewed. Located within a popular residential part of Kingston Park close to excellent local amenities and transport links, the property will appeal to a variety of buyers. Internally the pro..."
"Occupying the ground floor of a period terraced townhouse, this three-bedroom apartment is ideally located in the highly desirable residential area of Northumberland Gardens in South Jesmond within close proximity to the Ouseburn, Jesmond Dene and the City Centre as well as the many cafes and res..."
"""Ideal first time buy and investment opportunity"" This maisonette is set on the much sought-after Newlands Road, Jesmond and is ready to move in with very little work required. The Tour From the street, you have stairs t..."
"A wonderfully stylish two storey period apartment, well located within reach of South Gosforth Metro, and Gosforth High Street amenities. Skilfully remodelled and refurbished, the apartment exceeds 1,150 square feet and displays an uncompromising aesthetic . The property includes a Private Entran..."
FOR SALE VIA ONLINE AUCTION 19/01/2023 12:00. FEES APPLY. A superb opportunity to purchase this three bedroom semi detached dormer bungalow which is situated within this favoured residential area and is close to all local amenities good schools and transport links. The property comprises; e...
*** REDUCED *** THREE BED DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN POPULAR LOCATION 
"360 VIRTUAL TOUR- EXTENDED- 4 BEDROOMS - GREAT LOCATION Brunton Residential are pleased to introduce to the market this extended four bedroom property located on Bridge Street, Seaton Burn. The property is located in a fantastic neighbourhood, with easy access to local transport links, inclu..."
Property located in 302 Hadrians Tower
"We welcome to the market this semi detached house located in Fenham. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of porch, hallway, lounge, dining area, snug, utility and kitchen. To the first floor is a landing, three bedrooms and bathroom. The property benefits from gas central..."
**THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETAHCED HOUSE WITH A SEPERATE KITCHEN AND DINING AREA**GREAT CATCHMENT AREA FOR SCHOOLS**CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES AND TRANSPORT LINKS**CHAIN FREE**COUNCIL TAX BAND C**EPC = D**
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduce to the market, this immaculately presented, bright and spacious, three-bedroom townhouse with garage and gardens in the development of Hawks Edge, West Moor. Close to local shops, schools, and amenities, this represents a fantastic opportunity to acquire a beaut..."
"** THREE BEDROOM NEW BUILD HOME ON POPULAR NEW DEVELOPMENT, THE RISE. ** Located on the lower half of the new estate, this completed home offers far reaching views over Gateshead and the River Tyne. The accommodation offers upgraded kitchen and bathroom fittings, driveway for two vehicles, and ju..."
" AN ATTRACTIVE LIGHT & SPACIOUS, TWO BEDROOM SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT, LOCATED IN THIS POPULAR RETIREMENT DEVELOPMENT A well presented and stylish two bedroom apartment, located on the 2nd floor of this popular assisted living development in the centre of Ponteland. The apartment has a lovely ..."
FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR POSSIBILITY FOR CONVERSION INTO RESIDENTIAL APARTMENT BLOCK 2 BEDROOMS 1 BATHROOMS GREAT LOCATION FOR STUDENTS COUNCIL TAX BAND C Current Tenancy 02/07/202201/07/2023 £433.00 x 2 = £866
FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR POSSIBILITY FOR CONVERSION INTO RESIDENTIAL APARTMENT BLOCK 2 BEDROOMS 1 BATHROOMS GREAT LOCATION FOR STUDENTS COUNCIL TAX BAND C Current Tenancy approx £750
EXCELLENT LOCATION - THREE BEDROOMS - SPACIOUS LIVING - OFF-ROAD PARKING Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this excellent semi-detached home located on Aintree Street in the ever-popular North Gosforth estate. This home is in fantastic condition throughout offering spacious living w...
"***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** A spacious end terraced house occupying a CORNER PLOT on Second Avenue, in the heart of Heaton. Refurbished by the current owner to include a CONTEMPORARY KITCHEN and MODERN BATHROOM. Conveniently situa..."
"We welcome to the market this attractive 2 bedroom, semi-detached bungalow in Heaton. "
"The Cherry features an OPEN-PLAN kitchen and dining area, a separate spacious living room. French doors to rear. TWO DOUBLE bedrooms. EN SUITE to the master bedroom and a contemporary family bathroom. STORAGE cupboard. Double parking."
"Immaculately presented contemporary three-bedroom end terrace family home is ideally positioned for access to Newcastle City Centre, A1 North / South road links, and Newcastle Airport as well as conveniently located in a popular residential area, within close proximity to well-regarded schools an..."
"DATE OF NOTICE: 14/10/2022 36 Mill Vale, Newburn, NE15 8HF We advise that an offer has been made for the above property in the sum of £177,000. Any persons wishing to increase on this offer should notify the agents of their best offer prior to exchange of contracts Rook Matthews Sayer,..."
NEW RELEASE The Valerian features an EN SUITE to the master plus family bathroom. Generous OPEN PLAN living and dining area with elegant FRENCH DOORS opening into the rear SOUTH FACING garden and stylish separate kitchen. There's also off-street parking and the front garden is landscaped.
The Ellerton is designed with modern family living in mind. Downstairs offers a BRIGHT AND AIRY LOUNGE - perfect to unwind in after a busy day. Your LARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN is perfect for family meal times together whilst enjoying natural light from FRENCH DOORS. Head upstairs to find the main b...
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT | THREE BEDROOMS | GARAGE & OFF STREET PARKING A well presented and much improved three bedroom semi-detached house located on the ever-popular Halton Drive situated in Woodlands Park ju...
"Receive up to £11,000 deposit contribution and an exclusive flooring package when you reserve Plot 15- The Daisy. A superb THREE bedroom home with PRIVATE PARKING. Entrance hall leads to LIVING ROOM and through to OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN and DINING area with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and FRENCH DOORS. "
"The Ellerton is a three bedroom home designed with modern family living in mind. Downstairs offers a bright and airy lounge - perfect to unwind in after a busy day. Your large open-plan kitchen is perfect for family meal times together whilst enjoying natural light from French doors. Upstairs, yo..."
"This bright and practical home is ideal for modern family living. The LARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with ample dining space has FRENCH DOORS leading out to the garden. The home also features a SPACIOUS LOUNGE for all of the family to relax in.
Upstairs the main bedroom has an EN SUITE shower room and t..."
THREE bedroom home with PRIVATE PARKING. Entrance hall leads to LIVING ROOM and through to OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN and DINING area with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES. FRENCH DOORS lead to rear PATIO and GARDEN. Ground floor W.C. and STORAGE. First floor boasts MASTER BEDROOM with EN-SUITE. 
"A superb Investment opportunity to purchase this 3 bedroom flat, rented until July 2024. The current rental income is £1200pcm until July 2023 then increases to £1300pcm until July 2024.  Situated within this prime location in Jesmond and close to local amenities, shops, cafes, ..."
" Occupying the ground floor of a period terraced townhouse, this two bedroom apartment is ideally located in the highly desirable residential area of Jesmond within close proximity to West Jesmond Metro, Local schools, Acorn Road shops, Osborne Road restaurants and bars as well as Brentwood Avenu..."
"An extended 3 bedroomed semi detached family house, well presented and pleasantly situated within a cul-de-sac in this sought after residential estate. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, the Entrance Porch leads to the Reception Hall and on to the 23' Lounge/Dining Roo..."
**THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH A SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN AND EXTENDED GARAGE**POPULAR LOCATION**CLOSE TO MILE CASTLE AND KNOP LAW SCHOOLS**COUNCIL TAX BAND C**EPC = E**
"***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** FABULOUS SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME occupying a generous corner plot with lawned gardens, driveway parking and attached garage. The beautifully appointed living space includes a lounge, FITTED DINING KITC..."
"New to the market is this Shared Ownership property with NO onward chain. It has 3 bedrooms and is semi detached with parking. The lease has 999 years remaining and shares can be purchased from 25% £53,750. "
"A well appointed and extended detached bungalow located within the popular Brunswick Green development. The property offers generous accommodation benefitting from two reception rooms, two double bedrooms with fitted wardrobes and conservatory. There is a modern fully fitted kitchen together with..."
"GROUND FLOOR, SPLIT LEVEL APARTMENT ICONIC BUILDING SITUATED IN THE HEART OF NEWCASTLE CITY CENTRE. NEWLY CONVERTED Ben Charles Ltd are delighted to offer this residential purchase or investment opportunity. The ground floor and lower ground floor of the iconic Turnbull Building h..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to present this beautiful three bedroom semi-detached family home on the sought after St Buryan Crescent. The property has easy access to many local amenities including schoo...
"Three Bedroom Link Detached House Two Balconies We have the pleasure to offer for sale this impressive three bedroom detached house located on the sought Rise development, Newcastle Upon Tyne. The property briefly comprises: entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, ground floor wc, stairs to first f..."
"MODERN DETACHED HOUSE WITH ROOF TERRACE, PARKING AND GARDEN...TERRIFIC VIEWS. Benetting from NO UPPER CHAIN. This three bedroom detached house is situated on the new build estate of 'The Rise' ideally located for great road links (A1, City Centre). <..."
"The Corbridge, Plot 1134 at The Rise."
"The Corbridge, Plot 1136 at The Rise - Semi-detached."
"The Corbridge, Plot 1135 at The Rise - Semi-detached"
Comprising stylish apartments and exceptional facilities Hadrian’s Tower will be a beacon on Newcastle’s skyline. Opportunities to invest in such a high profile scheme in the centre of Newcastle rarely arise; Hadrian’s Tower represents a market-leading product for luxury living ...
" A well presented, two bedroom first floor conversion apartment, situated on this desirable residential road in the very heart of Jesmond. The property, which was purchased by the current owners in 2017, has undergone a selection of refurbishment works including the updating of the kitchen and b..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this beautiful modernised three bedroom semi detached family home on the sought after Highfields Estate, in Killingworth briefly comprising of;, entrance porch, leading into the hallway with stairs to the first floor, open plan kitchen and dining area, lounge wi..."
Well presented and much improved three bed semi-detached house on Abbey Farm estate...
"Rare to the market is this detached house located in Slatyford. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of porch, lounge, dining room, kitchen, family room and conservatory. To the first floor is a landing, master bedroom with en suite shower room, three further bedrooms and fam..."
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED three bedroom mid terrace property situated in January Courtyard on the highly sought after Staiths development, Gateshead. Immaculate throughout, this deceptively spacious property would make an ideal purchase for any buyer looking for a ready made home in a hugely desirab..."
*** THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH GARDENS AND GARAGE - AVAILABLE WITH NO UPPER CHAIN - VIEWINGS RECOMMENDED ***
"INVESTMENT OPORTUNITY | LET UNTIL 21ST AUGUST | £15,444 ANNUAL INCOME Jan Forster Estates welcome to the market this well presented three bedroom lower ground floor apartment on Osborne Terrace in Jesmond. The apartment is tenanted until August 2023 at £99 PPPW providing an annual incom..."
Three bedroom semi-detached house in central location and well finished throughout...
"Brand new to the sales market is this recently extended, four bedroom semi-detached home situated on Stretton Way, Backworth. This gorgeous property showcases modern décor and styling throughout as well as being local to a great range of useful amenities such as Northumberland retail park, bars a..."
OPEN TO OFFERS .... Well-proportioned three bed detached located in a sought after road within this popular Westerhope development...
"This 3 bedroom, semi detached house has been extensively modernized including new kitchen, bathroom, windows, carpets and decoration. The Reception Hall, with understair storage cupboard, leads to the duel aspect Lounge/Dining Room. The Kitchen is fitted with wall and base units, sink unit, e..."
"PRE RENTED TOP FLOOR FLAT | INVESTMENT OPORTUNITY | INCOME FOR 2023/2024 - £14,398 Jan Forster Estates welcome to the market this well presented top floor flat on Osborne Terrace in Jesmond. The apartment is tenanted until August 2024 The converted apartment is set on the top fl..."
Four bedroom detached house...
3 Bedroom Town House by Persimmon KEY FEATURES • Townhouse • End of terrace • 3 double bedrooms • Energy rating B • Beautifully presented • Lounge/diner • Breakfasting kitchen • Allocated parking • Enclosed rear garden • Popular development in the Village of Dinnington EXCELLENT O...
"Occupying a pleasant position and situated on a corner plot is this versatile two bedroomed, two reception semi detached bungalow. Offered with no onward chain and in a sought after location this home benefits from gas central heating, double glazing, garage and driveway. Appealing to a wide rang..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - CURRENTLY LET AT £14,040 PER ANNUM - GROSS YIELD 6.0% AFTER SERVICE CHARGE! This three bedroom conversion apartment is set to the first floor of this imposing, double-fronted Victorian townhouse which is located on Osborne Terrace, Jesmond. Perfectly placed for convenient..."
"This fabulous Penthouse apartment offers spacious living at the heart of Newcastle Quayside. This property offers a very good investment opportunity with a tenancy currently in place, or a City Centre Base from which to explore and enjoy the Quayside and Newcastle City Centre. "
A stunning two bedroom / two bathroom Apartment with parking located on the iconic Newcastle Quayside affording views of the River Tyne and Sage. Currently tenanted until September 2023. Potential Yield subject to position - 6.8 %
"£500 per month mortgage contributions for 12 months. .The Newburn, Plot 1407 at The Rise."
"The Newburn, Plot 1411 at The Rise."
"Castlesteads Way - A modern and recently completed three bedroom town house, ideal for the family buyer. The property location offers fantastic access to the A1 Western Bypass and Newcastle City Centre. The area benefits from a number of local schools, both primary and senior as well as a good ra..."
"The Carleton is a popular three-bedroom home boasting a spacious open-plan kitchen/dining room and living room. The three bedrooms are all good-sized doubles. The family bathroom, downstairs WC and three very useful built-in storage cupboards mean that this home is as practical as it is stylish."
The Cooper features TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with EN SUITE to the master and stylish family bathroom. OPEN PLAN living and dining room with FRENCH DOORS accessing the rear garden with separate front facing kitchen and downstairs cloakroom. BRAND NEW and CHAIN FREE home
"The Seaton is a three-bedroom, three-storey home with an open-plan kitchen/diner, French doors to the garden, a lounge and walk-in storage. The first floor has two bedrooms and a bathroom and the master bedroom is on the second floor. Off-road parking and an enclosed porch are additional features."
This three bedroom semi detached property is situated on a cul-de-sac in the popular Red House Farm Estate.
"This deceptively spacious 2 bedroomed semi detached bungalow is delightfully situated within this sought after residential location. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, the Entrance Porch, with quarry tiled floor, leads to the 21' Reception Hall, with access to the lof..."
"** Video Tour on Our YouTube Channel | ** Simply stunning three bedroom detached home situated in the highly sought after Peel Close in Seaton Burn, a quiet cul-de-sac on this exclusive development convenient for access to all the local amenities. Th..."
"Mansons are pleased to present to the sales market this well appointed two bedroom ground floor Tyneside flat situated on Coniston Avenue, West Jesmond. Located in an excellent position, just ""a stone's throw away"" from the shops on Acorn Road and the West Jesmond Metro Station. The property com..."
"Peel Towers - Superb ground floor apartment, high internal specification, spacious rooms. Accessed via an exceptionally well maintained communal entrance hall which leads to the front door of this impressive property which comprises of entrance hallway, open plan lounge/dining/breakfast ki..."
he Potter features TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with an EN SUITE to the master bedroom and stylish family bathroom. OPEN PLAN living / dining area with elegant FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden. Plus a modern separate kitchen and downstairs CLOAKROOM and allocated parking. Perfect for first time buyers.
"Carpet Package. Fully Integrated Fridge/Freezer. Fully Integrated Washing machine. Fully Integrated Dishwasher. .The Bywell, Plot 1403 at The Rise."
"Very well presented and deceptively spacious, semi-detached bungalow situated on Langdon Road within this extremely popular location. The property is warmed via gas central heating and has the benefit of uPVC double glazing. Carpets and blinds are to be included, and the accommodation comprises:..."
TO BE SOLD VIA Online Auction until 31/03/2023 12:15. Fees apply. Offered with no onward chain is this well presented two bed-roomed detached bungalow located within the popular residential estate in Dinnington. Well placed in a cul-de-sac location and having easy access to Newcastle Internati...
Investment opportunity | Pair of flats | Currently let out | Gardens to front and rear | Contact the office for further information
" Extremely rare to the market this immaculate beautiful three bedroom semi-detached house in a sought after area in Benton, close to schools, local shops and major transport links, briefly comprises: hall way, well presented living room with doors leading to open dining room and a modern galley..."
"Jan Mitchell Properties are delighted to bring to the market this stunning recently renovated two bedroom top floor apartment with breath-taking uninterrupted views over the Marina and River Tyne loacted in the ever desirable St. Peters Basin, Newcastle Upon Tyne."
" **SPACIOUS FIVE BEDROOM HOUSE OFFERING VERSATILE LIVING ACCOMIDATION**COUNCIL TAX BAND D **EPC = C** Gorgeous family home in the perfect location. This spacious house is located on Caversham Road in Chapel House. Surrounded by a peaceful nature, good schools and local amenities ..."
"IMMACULATE END LINK FAMILY HOME. Located on Faversham Court Kingston Park , a pleasant cul de sac location. Close to amenities to include local shops, transport links and Kingston Park School. The layout comprises :- entrance porch, inner hallway, lounge through dining room, well fitted exte..."
"***TENANTS IN SITU*** LEASHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND B We are delighted to offer to the market this well-presented 3-bedroom first floor maisonette on Wolseley Gardens in Newcastle. The property offers a well-adapted layout, offering spacious and comfortable..."
"A traditional three bedroom extended semi detached house located within this popular residential area well positioned for access to local schools, shops, amenities, and transport links. The property is ideally suited for a growing family and benefits from a large extension to the rear together wi..."
"Modern home ideal for a first time buy or family home. The property is located in the popular development of Northumberland Park being close to transport links and amenities including metro and bus routes, Sainsburys supermarket and close to the A19 allowing easy access to the Coast and Newcastle."
"This purpose built modern second floor apartment has two double bedrooms, open plan living, balcony with beautiful views over roof tops and across to The Sage and Tyne Bridge, ideal for investors as the property is currently rented out. Accommodation comprises: Ground Floor:..."
"FOR SALE VIA AUCTION: terms and conditions apply. The subject property is a three storey six bedroom, mid terrace building, currently occupied and running as a HMO. The property consists of a lounge, kitchen, six bedrooms, shower rooms with W.C. and a bathroom with W.C. The property is fully o..."
"**Ground Floor Period Apartment**Conservatory & Private South Facing Terrace**Communal Gardens & Dedicated Car Parking Space** Laterally arranged on the ground floor of a fine late nineteenth century villa, this impressive apartment exceeds 760 square feet. Set back from Osborne Avenue, a..."
4 bedroom semi-detached house with well presented and spacious accommodation... 
"Located on the sought after Countess Drive, we offer for sale this larger style three bedroom semi detached house. The property is located in the popular Denton Burn area which offers excellent access to local amenities, a number of local schools and good transport links. The accommodation briefl..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to present to the market this three bedroom semi-detached house which is perfect for first time buyers and growing families alike. The property is within close proximity to excellent ...
"A nicely presented ONE BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR retirement apartment featuring a PATIO AREA on LANDSCAPED COMMUNAL GARDENS situated within a friendly, exclusive retirement living development for the over 60's."
Wonderfully presented 3 bed town house located in Newcastle upon Tyne **CHAIN FREE** Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Well appointed kitchen with base and wall units Spacious and cosy living room Master bedroom with en-suite shower room...
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduce to the market this bright and spacious, well presented, four-bedroom townhouse in the popular residential area of Killingworth. Within easy reach of shops, restaurants and transport links, with Ofsted outstanding schools within catchment. Bright and modern th..."
Heaton Property is delighted to welcome this wonderful three-bedroom house to the sales market. This lovely quiet house is located in a private development in a very sought-after part of Newcastle upon Tyne. The house has a bright entrance and living room on the ground floor with a moder...
"2 Bedroom Semi-detached Bungalow for Sale KEY FEATURES • Semi-detached bungalow • 2 Bedrooms • Kitchen/diner • Sought-after location • Driveway for 2/3 vehicles • Good sized rear garden • Spacious lounge • Fitted wardrobes 2 BEDROOM BUNGALOW FOR SALE ON HALTON DRIVE, WIDEOPEN in a p..."
"For sale by auction, Jubilee Cottage is a unique large semi detached house which is set over three floors, located in Grainger Park. The property displays a plaque commemorating Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of vestibule, hallway, loun..."
"IMMACULATE DETACHED HOUSE - RECENTLY RENOVATED WITH A CONVERTED GARAGE CREATING EXTRA RECEPTION ROOM/BEDROOM.  Situated in a courtyard setting within easy reach of good road links, bus routes and local shops. The flexible accommodation cu..."
"** Video Tour on Our YouTube Channel | ** Offered for sale with no upper chain this six bedroom maisonette located close to all local amenities, excellent transport links and the Freeman hospital. The property briefly comprises:- entrance hallway, be..."
"Red Hot Sales and Lettings are delighted to bring to the market this two bedroom terrace house located on the popular Hexham Road in Heddon on the Wall. Offered for sale with no forward chain the property comprises of; entrance hall, lounge, dining kitchen, and bathroom to the ground floor, whil..."
"We are delighted to the welcome to the market this very well presented semi detached family home situated on Stonefold Close in Windsor Gardens . The accommodation briefly comprises: an entrance lobby, open plan lounge and dining room, conservatory, fitted kitchen. To the landing there is a fa..."
*** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME ***
"The Sundew has TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with EN SUITE to the master plus stylish family bathroom. An OPEN PLAN living and dining area with FRENCH DOORS accessing the garden,a well-equipped kitchen and downstairs cloakroom. There's also off-street parking and landscaping to the front garden. Discover more"
Two bedroom semi detached bungalow enjoying a pedestrianised frontage and occupying a pleasant position on Askrigg Walk within Chapel House... 
"This well appointed two bedroom apartment is situated on the top (second) floor of this highly sought after modern development within Gosforth, boasting a prime location just off Broadway West. Conveniently located near Regent Centre Metro Station, the property offers easy access into central Gos..."
Three bedroom semi-detached house occupying a corner plot offered with no upper chain.
"A super stylish two bedroom / two bathroom apartment located on Newcastle Quayside. A fabulous City Centre Base or investment opportunity with a tenancy currently in place and achieving £1,000 PCM. "
"This modern, spacious and new to the market apartment welcomes city living on the cosmopolitan, prestigious Quayside of Newcastle. Located in the ever popular Quayside Lofts development, the apartment is well-presented and benefits from natural light throughout."
**** THREE BEDROOMS **** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS **** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION **** OFF STREET PARKING FOR A NUBER OF VEHICLES **** CHAIN FREE **** GREAT FAMILY HOME **** This is great opportunity to purchase a three-bedroom semi-detached house which is being sold chain free. The prop...
Two bedroom semi-detached bungalow with stunning kitchen/dining room...
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** THREE BEDROOMS | IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT | EXTENDED GARAGE & OFF STREET PARKING Occupying a pleasant cul-de-sac position within Chichester Close, this semi-detached property is truly a home to be proud of, wit..."
LOWER GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT ICONIC BUILDING SITUATED IN THE HEART OF NEWCASTLE CITY CENTRE. NEWLY CONVERTED Ben Charles Ltd are delighted to offer this residential purchase or investment opportunity. The ground floor and lower ground floor of the iconic Turnbull Building have bee...
3 Bedroom Town House ‘The Swale' by Persimmon KEY FEATURES • Townhouse • 3 double bedrooms • Energy rating B (EPC booked in and will be available soon) • Practical hard flooring • Neutral interior and décor • Lounge/diner • Breakfasting kitchen • Allocated parking • Rear garden • Qui...
"Recently refurbished 3 bedroom end terraced home, enjoying an attractive walkway frontage within this popular residential area. With generous rear garden including vehicle access for parking leading to single garage. Accommodation Comprises; Entrance Hall to attractive open plan recep..."
"A well appointed traditional semi detached house located within this popular residential area well positioned for access to local schools, shops, amenities, and transport links. The property is ideally suited for a growing family and benefits from a 17ft dining kitchen with solid oak flooring, la..."
"With no onward chain, a mid-terrace family home located at the northern end of Wingrove Road, Fenham! Close to the local shops, Wingrove Road is perfectly placed to give access to surrounding greenery, Newcastle City Centre, the Newcastle hospitals, Universities and only a short walk from one of ..."
*** No Onward Chain *** Freehold *** Pretty Rear Garden *** Driveway Parking *** Possible Three Double Bedrooms *** Attractive Living Room *** Recent Kitchen & Bathroom *** Conservatory *** Ready To Move Into *** *** Sought After Location *** Metro Station 0.3 miles Away *** Road Links...
"SPACIOUS SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW ON A GENEROUS PLOT WITH DRIVEWAY, CARPORT AND GARAGE. In need of modernisation and ideally situated for easy access to all local amenites including shops, supermarkets and bus routes. The accommodation comprises:- hallw..."
"This excellent and deceptively spacious, two bedroom ground floor ‘Tyneside’ flat is perfectly placed on the desirable Valley View, Jesmond. Valley View, which is located at the tip of Hartside Gardens and placed just off from Cavendish Place, is ideally located only a short walk from..."
"This Ashbury home has been substantially improved internally. Presented to an extremely high standard and benefitting from under floor heating to the ground floor, cloakroom/wc and a modern fitted en-suite to the master bedroom. There is off street parking to the front and an enclosed rear garden."
"Offered for sale is this semi detached house located in Denton Burn. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen and utility. To the first floor is a landing, three bedrooms and bathroom. Externally, there are gardens to the side and rear, d..."
"Pattinson welcome to the market this two bed bungalow situated in the sought after location of North Gosforth. The property boasts great transport links with schools and shops also close by. It briefly comprises of a porch, living room with bay windows to the front and an electric fire place,..."
 Perfect FIRST HOME for a modern lifestyle. An IDEAL LIVE/WORK space and OPEN PLAN k...
"**SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM END OF TERRACE HOUSE* 360 VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE** PRIVATE PARKING TO THE REAR**CLOSE TO OUTSTANDING SCHOOLS, DOCTORS AND AMEMITES**COUNCIL TAX BAND B**AWAITING EPC**"
VIA VENDOR - VIEWINGS ANYTIME FRIDAY AND SATURDAY (9TH AND 10TH) Pattinson are delighted to welcome to the market this spacious end terraced house located on the quiet cul-de-sac of Charlotte Place. Ideally positioned this end terrace benefits from a western facing garden and driveway parking....
A beautifully presented three bedroom end of terrace house with a low maintenance garden and a double driveway.
"Stunning Apartment - Corner View Immaculate, impressive first floor apartment, occupying a lovely corner position in this popular development. Comprising of an entrance hallway with large walk in storage, open plan lounge / dining room, modern kitchen with integrated applicances, gen..."
***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** Set within this popular residential area and offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this end terraced house which will appeal to a wide range of potential purchasers. Conveniently situated for access ...
"A must view and unique property with spacious open plan living, three reception rooms and stunning views over-looking Killingworth Lake. Situated close to local amenities including Killingworth Shopping Centre with a Morrison's Supermarket and popular local schools."
"Well presented luxury first floor two bedroom apartment which is ideally located within the High Quay development, on Newcastle's Quayside. High Quay provides access to Newcastle's famous Quayside, with its wide variety of bar's, cafes and restaurants, as well as the up and coming to Ouseburn, a..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduce to the market this well presented and maintained, two bedroom tenanted investment opportunity. Currently tenanted until June 2023 at a rent of £10,140pa (£97.50pppw) and pre-let for 2023 - 2024 at a rent of £11,960pa (£115pppw) making thi..."
"A spacious and well-presented two-bedroom fifth floor apartment occupying a particularly pleasant corner position within the popular Bar development in Saint James Gate, Newcastle city centre. No Forward Chain."
"Ideal investment opportunity. A three-bedroom, semi-detached property in need of renovation with plentiful potential benefitting from double glazing, mains services and no onward chain. The accommodation briefly comprises of entrance hallway providing access to a bright and spacious l..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are pleased to present this two bedroom detached bungalow with a garage which enjoys an enviable position on the popular Knivestone Court, a highly sought after street in Killingworth with the bene..."
"A modern four bedroom town house located within this popular residential development well positioned for access to local, schools, transport links and the A1 motorway. The property offers generous accommodation over three floors boasting in excess 1100 square feet floor area. Key features include..."
"SIMPLY STUNNING........ BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED three bedroom semi detached property on this highly sought after estate in Blakelaw, Newcastle. Built by Barratt Homes in 2016, this deceptively spacious, versatile property will make an ideal purchase for any buyer looking for a ready made home i..."
*** Two Bedroom Extended Semi Detached Bungalow - Available with No Upper Chain *** 
"We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom semi detached family home on the sought after Knivestone Court, in Killingworth briefly comprising;, hallway with stairs to the first floor, open plan lounge and ding room, modern fitted kitchen, utility room leading through to a shower room. ..."
"Constructed in 2002, Highbridge provides an impressive courtyard development, well placed for access to Regent Centre metro and bus links, Gosforth amenities and A1 North / South road links. Occupying a southerly corner position within the much favoured rear block, this top floor apartment enjoys..."
"Set within Ponteland, this fabulous second floor, two bedroom apartment offers many buyers spacious and comfortable living accommodation. Ponteland is renowned for its excellent facilities and accessible schooling which is a buyer incentive. This well presented apartment is ready to move into."
Henderson Court is a purpose built retirement complex by McCarthy Stone for individuals ages 70 or over. This beautifully presented one bedroom ground floor apartment benefits from its own private access to the fabulous landscaped garden and a bright South facing aspect. There is a secure entry p...
Pairs of flats for sale!! Severus road NE4 9HT
"IMMACULATE SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW, MODERNISED WITH GENEROUS GARDENS. Situated in the popular Woodlands Park Estate in Wideopen well positioned and within walking distance to local shops, good bus routes and local pub. With NO UPPER CHAIN. The prop..."
"Jan Forster Estates are pleased to present this three bedroom end terrace house positioned in a popular area in Longbenton with the benefit of no onward chain. This property is in a great location, close to a range of shops on Longbenton Boulevard and the nearby Four Lane Ends and there ..."
The 2 bedroom Canford with private driveway is a modern home ideal for first time buyers or those downsizing.
4 bedroom semi-detached house with well laid out accommodation ideal for a range of buyers...
SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE HOUSE **** THREE BEDROOMS **** SUPERB ORANGERY TO REAR **** LOVELY REAR GARDEN **** POPULAR LOCATION **** A GREAT FAMILY HOME **** CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES **** SOLAR PANELS **** FREEHOLD **** COUNCIL TAX BAND A **** ENERGY RATING D **** This is a l...
"A beautiful 4 bedroom semi-detached house is up for sale. The property has four bedrooms, one bathroom and two en-suites. "
"***SAVE UP TO £6,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^***THE BALTIMORE a modern apartment that features TWO LARGE DOUBLE bedrooms - one of which benefits from an EN SUITE - a dual-aspect OPEN PLAN kitchen, living, and dining space, excellent storage facilities, plus a modern bathroom. "
"The Blacksmith features TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with stylish family bathroom, an OPEN-PLAN living and dining room with FRENCH DOORS leading into rear garden, separate front facing fitted kitchen and downstairs cloakroom. Allocated parking spaces. BRAND NEW CHAIN FREE HOME discover more today"
Four bedroom townhouse situated on the popular Central Grange estate. Benefitting from integrated garage and off street parking. Westerly facing rear garden.
"The Canford with 2 double bedrooms is well suited to first time buyers or those looking to downsize, with allocated parking to the front of the home."
"Situated on a good plot, in a great position on Woodlands Park Estate, Wideopen. Within walking distance to local shops and bus routes, and within easy reach of good road links. This semi detached bungalow offers potential to extend to the rear. Immaculate throughout with..."
"Enjoy this superb home that is well placed close to A1 and A19 Road links, Newcastle International Airport and bus routes to Gosforth and Central Newcastle. The amenities of Newcastle Great Park are close-by, and the house is within the catchment area for Gosforth schools. Internally this home..."
"**LOCATED ON THE POPULAR STREET OF GROSVENOR WAY, CHAPEL PARK**A SHORT WALK AWAY FROM ST JOHN VIANNEY AND KNOP LAW SCHOOLS WHICH ARE RATED OUTSTANDING BY OFSTEAD** HIGH FINISHES**COUNCIL TAX BAND B**EPC = D** "
"Signature North East are delighted to present this fantastic opportunity to acquire a pair of flats on Newburn Road, Newburn. Both flats offer two bedrooms and tasteful décor and styling throughout. This property is situated within proximity of a range of cafes and shops and provides strong trans..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** FOUR BEDROOMS | NO ONWARCH CHAIN | SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Well presented four bedroom terraced home situated on a superb plot with South facing rear garden in a popular residential area of Gosforth. ...
THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE **** OFF STREET PARKING FOR TWO VEHICLES **** CHAIN FREE **** POPULAR LOCATION **** WEST FACING GARDEN TO REAR **** GREAT FAMILY HOME **** We offer for sale chain free this three-bedroom semi-detached house which is situated on Holystone Driv...
We are delighted to offer this well presented three bedroom semi detached town house situated in the popular area of Blakelaw close to local amenities and excellent transport links. The property benefits garage and parking with en-suite to master. The accommodation briefly comprises of:- Entranc...
"A semi-detached bungalow, well placed within reach of local Wideopen amenities, and with good access to the A1 North / South, and road and bus routes to Gosforth and Newcastle City Centre. Considerably improved, the house benefits from a garage conversion creating a Utility Room and a separate Ga..."
"** TWO BEDROOM CHARACTER PROPERTY IN CONVERTED BUILDING SITUATED ON THE NEWCASTLE QUAYSIDE ** Located in Hanover Mill, this apartment gives you all the benefits of modern living but with the added bonus of character. Benefitting from allocated parking, fob entry access and a quayside location th..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Offered for sale with no upper chain this charming two bedroom semi detached property must be viewed. Located within a new build development close to Havannah Nature Reserve and excellent transport links, the property..."
INTERNAL VIEWING REQUIRED - Deceptively spacious two Bedroom Bungalow in the heart of Hillheads estate with fantastic potential and NO ONWARD CHAIN...
"Located on the grounds of the former Christ Church, this immaculate first floor apartment in this favourable residential area, in Forest Hall. Conveniently placed within close proximity to the Village of Forest Hall with its shops, restaurants, leisure facilities, and schools. Great public tran..."
"To be sold via online auction - 03/04/2023 12:00. Fees apply. Offered with no onward chain is this larger style three bedroom mid terrace house which is ideally located close to all local amenities, good schools and Chillingham Road Metro Station. The accommodation comprises; entrance hall wit..."
"A 2 bedroomed first floor apartment, pleasantly situated within this purpose built block, well placed for Ponteland's excellent local amenities. With scope for some cosmetic updating, sealed unit double glazing and a secure entry system, a communal hall, stairs and landing lead to the apartment i..."
"***SAVE UP TO £6,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** THE NUTHATCH is a contemporary apartment that features TWO LARGE DOUBLE bedrooms, one of which benefits from an EN SUITE shower room. OPEN PLAN kitchen, living, and dining space plus a modern bathroom. Ideal for young professionals"
"An immaculately presented, LARGER STYLE one bedroom retirement apartment located on the first floor of this fabulous purpose built development, with a lovely open aspect over the communal gardens. Completed around 10 years ago, this apartment offers assisted living for those aged 70+, incorporat..."
"Situated on a pleasant cul-de-sac, this three bedroomed semi detached house, offering modern family accommodation. The location is handy for easy access into Gateshead, Newcastle and the Team Valley, plus road links via the A1M offer easy commuting. Features include UPVC double glazing, gas cent..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** This lovely home will make an ideal purchase or the first time buyer or the young family. The house is positioned in a well regarded location, Tudor Grange and will make the perfect home for the buyer seeking an affor..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduces to market this bright and spacious, three-bedroom, terraced family home situated in the sought-after residential suburb of Forest Hall. Close by to the high street, transport links and local schooling. Brimming with character and charm throughout, comprising..."
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS | CORNER PLOT | GARAGE & OFF-STREET PARKING Jan Forster Estates present to the market this two double bedroom semi detached bungalow on Cresswell Drive in Red House Farm, offered for sale with the benefit of no onward chain. The bungalow sits on a substantial corner ..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** THREE BEDROOMS | SEMI DETACHED | OFF-STREET PARKING Jan Forster Estates are pleased to welcome to the market this semi detached home with no onward chain, which enjoys an enviable position in Stagshaw, locat..."
"We are proud to present this Two Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £180,000 - £200,000*"
"TO BE SOLD via ONLINE AUCTION 04/04/2023 11:30. Fees apply. This three bedroom semi detached family home on the sought after Balliol Gardens, in Benton. Close to outstanding local schooling, it is perfectly placed close to the shops and amenities of Benton Park Road, as well as excellent tran..."
"Inviting offers at £180,000 for this modern two bedroom end terraced property. This well designed house was built by 'Cussins' approximately three years ago and has remaining builders warranty. ""Meadow Hills"" is a beautiful development within Throckley surrounded by cou..."
"Be prepared to be wowed by this stunning property! You must view it to appreciate the size of this property! It Is a very spacious apartment! The building is very well maintained, with entrance via an intercom, and a communal lift. As you enter, you are met by a long hallway, leading y..."
" Beautiful three bedroom mid link house with an astonishing lake view guaranteed to impress in the sought after area Killingworth close to local amenities, schools and good transport links. The property briefly comprises: porch, downstairs WC, light and airy living room with bay window and Fren..."
"Situated on the beautiful Newcastle Quayside, is this fantastic two bedroom apartment. available for sale to investors. Offering spacious and modern living areas throughout, the accommodation operates within Council Tax Band D and benefits from stunning views across the River Tyne. The ..."
"Heaton Property is delighted to present this stunning 2 bedroom Upper Tyneside flat to the sales market. The flat was previously occupied by the owner and benefits from a lot of stunning upgrades, high quality fixtures and fittings. Initially the entrance is approache..."
"360 VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE - NO ONWARD CHAIN - 5 BED MAISONETTE - INVESTMENT POTENTIAL Brunton Residential are pleased to offer to the market this five bedroom upper maisonette, ideally located on Addycombe Terrace, Heaton. The property has a larger style kitchen with five good sized bedrooms..."
"A much improved, 2 bedroom first floor apartment, within this sought after, purpose built development. Immaculately presented and appointed, the accommodation has sealed unit double glazing and electric heating and is entered via a security entry system. A Communal Entrance Hall leads to the firs..."
"**New to the Market** We are pleased to welcome this 3 Bedroom Upper Floor Flat in Gosforth, Newcastle Upon Tyne. The property is ideally situated on Salters Road off Gosforth High Street and has excellent transport links to Newcastle city centre and beyond. This is a well presented 3 bedro..."
Three Bedroom Semi-Detached House
TO BE SOLD VIA ONLINE AUCTION UNTIL 21st March 2023 at 11am. Fees Apply. We welcome to the auction this well presented two bedroom bungalow located in a cul de sac location on the popular residential area of Kingston Park. There are an array of amenities nearby to include Kingston Park Retai...
"This delightful two bedroom Manhattan style loft apartment situated in the heart of the City of Newcastle with immediate access to transport links across the city and adjacent to the main central railway station. Situated on the 5th floor of this luxury apartment complex, with lift acc..."
"EXCELLENT LOCATION - THREE BEDROOM HOME - OFF-STREET PARKING Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this three bedroom semi-detached home located on Colnbrook Close in the ever popular Kingston Park, this property has three bedrooms with off-street parking for two cars, is situated in a q..."
Built in 1991 this two bedroom ground floor apartment set in lovely communal grounds and ideally located for transport links to the City Centre and Coast.
"A Stylish Two Bedroom / Two Bathroom Apartment with allocated parking on the iconic Newcastle Quayside. The property is ideally suited to Buy To Let Investors given the Quayside has a vibrant rental market, or First Time Buyers who are looking to enjoy all the sites and sounds of the the ..."
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS | NO ONWARD CHAIN | SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this well presented two double bedroom semi detached bungalow with car port, garage, beautiful enclosed rear garden, and multi vehicle off-street parking. ..."
**SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH UTILTY ROOM**A MUST VIEW**ELEVATED VIEWS TO THE REAR**COUNCIL TAX BAND = C** EPC = C**
"A well presented 2 bedroomed semi detached bungalow, pleasantly situated within the sought after Hillheads Estate. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, this property is offered with no onward chain. The Reception Hall has a cupboard housing the combi boiler. The Lounge h..."
"** TWO / THREE BEDROOMS ** CLOSE TO THE CITY CENTRE AND RVI HOSPITAL ** LONG PEPPERCORN LEASE ** NO UPPER CHAIN & VACANT POSSESSION ** Two / Three bedroom upper flat situated on Ancrum Street in the popular Spital Tongues, Newcastle. Being a sought after area, the property is located l..."
"**SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW**IDEALLY LOCATED NEXT TO LOCAL AMENITIES, SCHOOLS AND DOCTORS**VIEWING ADVISED**COUNCIL TAX BAND B**EPC = D**"
"*****WE ARE PLEASED TO OFFER FOR SALE THIS END TERRACED HOUSE WHICH OCCUPIES A PLEASANT COURTYARD POSITION***** in a popular residential area. There is easy access to local amenities including shops, schools, road links, public transport and Metro links to nearby centres.  The property is a..."
**THREE BEDROOM SEMI DEATCHED HOUSE IDEALLY LOCATED NEXT TO TRANSPORT LINKS & SCHOOLS***COUNCIL TAX BAND B**EPC = C***
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A superbly located 2 bedroom first Floor apartment within this sought after purpose built development. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, a communal hall, stairs and landing provides access to the property. The Entrance vestibule leads to the Recepti..."
Outstanding modern family home The Poppy offers a SPACIOUS LIVING ROOM with FRENCH DOORS leading to the garden with stunning views. Premium quality CONTEMPORARY FITTED KITCHEN and DINING AREA with French doors leading to the GENEROUS GARDEN. 
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** FULLY REFURBISHED | TWO BEDROOMS | DOUBLE DRIVE Jan Forster Estates have the pleasure of welcoming to the market this immaculate two bedroom semi detached bungalow on Renwick Avenue, Fawdon. Having undergone..."
"THREE BEDROOMS | SEMI DETACHED HOME | 27FT LOUNGE DINER Jan Forster Estates welcome to the market this well presented semi detached family home on Rogerson Terrace in Westerhope with 27ft lounge diner, conservatory, and four piece bathroom. Briefly comprising; entrance hallway, ..."
*** THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE - VIEWINGS RECOMMENDED ***
"Wonderful First Floor Conversion Apartment Situated within a Prestigious & Gated, Grade II Listed Development Offering Lounge/Diner, Kitchen, One Double Bedroom and Bathroom with an Allocated Parking Space, Delightful South Facing Communal Gardens & No Onward Chain. This lovely, first floo..."
"**SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM HOUSE WITH A PAVED GARDEN TO THE REAR**CLOSE TO LOCAL SHOPS, SCHOOLS, BARS & RESTAURANTS** LOFT ROOM **VIEWING ADVISED**COUNCIL TAX BAND = B** EPC = D**"
Beautifully presented 4 bed semi detached family home located in Newcastle upon Tyne. Comprising of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Modernised kitchen with high gloss base units and integrated appliances Access to private patio and garden via french doors Sp...
"SITUATED IN THIS POPULAR SMALLER MODERN ESTATE....A WELL MAINTAINED END TERRACED HOUSE WITH ACCOMMODATION OVER THREE LEVELS, REAR GARDEN AND PARKING. 'Central Grange' is well placed for easy access to Gosforth, City Centre, Kingston Park and Newcastle Air..."
"**South Jesmond Conservation Area**South Facing Private Patio Garden**Integral Garage** A purpose built ground floor apartment, well positioned for access to all Jesmond amenities. Exceeding 1,000 square the property includes a Communal Entrance a Private Reception Hall with built-in storage, a L..."
"** TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT IN EVER POPULAR NORTHUMBERLAND ROAD LOCATION ** Located centrally on Northumberland Road, this two bedroom apartment, offers easy access for the amenities of Northumberland Street, Eldon Square and the Quayside. Benefitting from a private garage to the rear, sash windows ..."
** Video Tour on Our YouTube Channel | ** This well presented and spacious two bedroom ground floor apartment with both garage and garden is now available on the ever desirable Akenside Terrace in Jesmond. The property should appeal to a variety of buyers inc...
"Urban Base are delighted to bring to the market this spacious, two bedroom apartment located in the heart of the City. With the benefit of secure parking, the property offers an ideal investment or first time buyer opportunity. The property comprises; 2 double bedrooms, spacious living/d..."
"BEST AND FINAL OFFERS BY 12PM MONDAY 13TH MARCH A well appointed traditional three bedroom maisonette located within this popular residential street in south Gosforth conveniently located close to shops, amenities, bus, and metro links, as well as Jesmond Dene and the Freeman Hospital. The pr..."
"Offered with no chain is this semi detached house located in Denton Burn. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen and garage. To the first floor is a landing, three bedrooms, bathroom and separate WC.  Externally, there are gardens t..."
*360 Degree Virtual Tour Available* We are delighted to present this stunning Two bedroom apartment in the centre of Newcastle to market. This unique property is one of the most impressive flats available within this fantastic development. The property is part of the Listed Pandongate Bu...
"Situated within this popular purpose built block of apartments is this very well appointed and immaculate, second floor apartment. Dene Court is located on the leafy Jesmond Park East, on the periphery of Jesmond Dene. The private accommodation briefly comprises; reception hall, superb lounge enj..."
"** CITY CENTRE, TOP FLOOR APARTMENT WITH UNIQUE FEATURES IN CONVERTED PERIOD BUILDING ** Located on Westgate Road, Blenheim House sits conveniently for access to the amenities of the City Centre. With it's open plan living area, this two bedroom apartment benefits from lift access, high ceilings ..."
" A spacious upper flat situated in the heart of Shieldfield within walking distance to the local amenities, Northumbria University and Newcastle City Centre. Transport links include the nearby Manors Metro Station and Central Motorway. The property briefly comprises of; Landing leading to loung..."
"A three bedroomed end terraced house, pleasantly situated within this popular residential area. The property would benefit from some degree of cosmetic updating and presents an excellent opportunity to create a superb home to the purchaser's own taste and requirements. With solar panels, gas fire..."
"For sale by auction is this mid terraced house located in Arthurs Hill. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, dining room/bedroom, kitchen and utility. To the first floor is a landing, six bedrooms and bathroom. To the rear is a yard. The property benef..."
EASY INVESTMENT / TENANTS IN UNTIL AUGUST 2023 / £795PCM RENT / ATTRACTIVE LOCATION !   
"A superb fully refurbished three bedroom mid terraced house with westerly facing garden. The property would appeal to a variety of potential purchasers and is well positioned for access to local shops, amenities and transport links as well as being a short distance to the A1 motorway. Briefly..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are pleased to welcome to the market this second floor apartment in the leafy Wyncote Court. Situated in the popular location of Jesmond Park East, close to local amenities, transport links, Paddy..."
"** CITY CENTRE FIFTH FLOOR APARTMENT WITH UPGRADED KITCHEN AND HEATING SYSTEM ** Situated in the popular FiftyFive Degrees North Development, is this two bedroom apartment located on the fifth floor. The apartment benefits from concierge service, lift access and views overlooking the City of Newc..."
"A two bedroom ground floor apartment, situated in the popular Darras Mews development, within the Exclusive Darras Hall Estate, close to local shops, doctors, dentist, bus services and other amenities. A two bedroom ground floor retirement apartment, with warden assisted living, situa..."
"AVAILABLE NOW - A Two Bedroom mid link bungalow offering deceptively spacious accommodation within this sought after location. The Entrance vestibule has doors to the inner hall, door to utility area, garage and door to the rear garden. The Hall opens to Lounge with sliding patio doors to garden,..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY . VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE .
Mansons are delighted to offer to the sales market this two bedroom apartment situated on Newcastle's Quayside.
The property briefly comprises; communal entrance, entrance to the apartment, hall, living room with a balcony looking on to the River ..."
"A LOVELY ONE BEDROOM, FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT WITH OPEN PLAN LIVING/KITCHEN AREA AND VACANT POSSESSION A lovely one bedroom, first floor apartment with open views to the attractive communal gardens, and beyond to the adjacent school playing field. The well presented flat, in this exclusive reti..."
"***SAVE UP TO £6,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** THE CHAFFINCH is a contemporary apartment that features TWO DOUBLE bedrooms - one of which benefits from an EN SUITE shower room - a dual-aspect OPEN PLAN kitchen, living, and dining space. Ideal for young professionals and first time buyer"
" This impressive beautifully presented Two Bedroom end terrace situated on the highly sought after area, in Forest Hall. An outstanding house perfect for first time buyer’s with excellent room sizes. The property is being sold with the benefit of no upper chain and briefly comprises: Entra..."
"Pair of flats for sale !!
NO CHAIN!!!"
FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR POSSIBILITY FOR CONVERSION INTO RESIDENTIAL FIRST FLOOR MAISONETTE 2 BEDROOMS 1 BATHROOMS GREAT LOCATION FOR STUDENTS COUNCIL TAX BAND B Current Tenancy 18/08/202217/08/2023 £368.50 x 2 = £737
"Exciting stylish Quayside apartment for sale! Bridgfords are proud to welcome to the market this 1st floor 2 bedroomed property benefits from two balconies on either side of the apartment so you aren’t limited, open living space and kitchen with 1 bathroom and en-suite. This well..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates are excited to introduce to market this three-bedroom, semi-detached property situated on a tree lined street within the increasingly popular area of Longbenton, close to local amenities, schooling, and transport links. Bright and spacious, comprising of an entrance ha..."
"*** CITY LIVING WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN *** This is a superbly presented third floor, two bedroom luxury apartment situated within minutes walk of Newcastle Quayside and a short distance from Newcastle City Centre. The accommodation comprises in brief:- Secure communal entrance w..."
"FAMILY HOME ON GOOD SIZED PLOT. This three bedroomed property is located on Ogle Avenue, Hazelrigg and will suit those looking to be close to amenities , yet within easy reach of country walks. The property comprises :- entrance hall, lounge, dining kitchen, bathroom, separate wc, three bedroom..."
"A well presented and modern extended two bedroom family home, situated in the popular estate in Denton Burn.  Access to Newcastle city centre, A1 and A69 road links with all local amenities, shops, bus routes and schools nearby. Internally the home offers an entrance hallway, an open..."
"Urban Base are delighted to offer to the sale market this spacious two bedroom apartment located in Hannover Mill. Located on the iconic Newcastle Quayside affording views of the River Tyne, this spacious apartment offers the ultimate in City living. In close proximity to the restaurants, bars..."
*** TWO BEDROOM MASIONETTE AVAILBEL WITH NO UPPER CHAIN - VIEWINGS RECOMMENDED TO APPRECIATE THE ACCOMMODATION ON OFFER ***
"To be sold via online auction. 03/04/2023 11:30. Fees apply. A five-bedroom terraced house located on Agricola Road, Fenham. The property is situated close to the West Road, with an excent range of local amenities and great transport links. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance hallway,..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates are excited to introduce to market this warm and homely, three-bedroom, terraced family home, situated within the increasingly popular area of Longbenton. Close to local amenities, schooling and transport links. Well-presented throughout, comprising of an entrance hall..."
"**SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE FOR SALE VIA THE MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION**CORNER PLOT LOCATION***GARDENS TO FRONT, SIDE AND REAR**A MUST VIEW** COUNCIL TAX BAND C**EPC = D**"
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** OFF STREET PARKING | NO ONWARD CHAIN | THREE BEDROOMS | SEMI DETACHED HOUSE The property is situated in the popular Lesbury Chase in Gosforth, convenient for access to many local amenities including supermark..."
"******STUNNING QUAYSIDE LOCATION****** GUIDE PRICE BETWEEN £170,000 - £180,000 An exceptional two bedroom apartment situated on the popular Newcastle Quayside. This exclusive development was completed in 2006 and offers a contemporary external design with modern internal open plan living. A fa..."
"This contemporary well proportioned, three bedroom townhouse situated in a new development, with good road access onto the main arterial routes A1 north and south making the Metrocentre and Newcastle International Airport easily within reach. Also within walking distance is Kingston Park metro st..."
We are delighted to offer this rare opportunity to purchase 2 stunning flats! Both upstairs and downstairs properties are well presented and finished to a high standard with plenty of natural light throughout. Both homes benefit from spacious living rooms. The kitchens are highly f...
"360 VIRTUAL TOUR - FIRST FLOOR FLAT - THREE BEDROOMS - GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY Brunton Residential are pleased to introduce to the market this three bedroom first floor flat on Tintern Crescent in Heaton. This flat is located within a sought after area just off Heaton Road, providing easy access..."
"Well presented two bedroom corner plot detached bungalow is located in a popular residential location on Oliver Avenue in Fenham. Situated to the West of Newcastle City Centre, the area offers easy access to Newcastle City Centre and Metro Centre, as well as being within walking proximity to loca..."
"Jan Forster estates are delighted to bring to the market this three bedroom end terrace property, situated on a corner plot and located within a popular residential part of High Heaton. Close to an excellent range of local amenities; within walking distance of the supermarket and gym, a..."
"Spacious semi-detached bungalow situated on Chudleigh Gardens within this popular location. The property is warmed via gas central heating and has the benefit of uPVC double glazing and a security alarm system. The accommodation comprises: front entrance hall, living room with a feature fire su..."
"A two storied upper maisonette located on the sought after Spital Tounges area of Newcastle. The property is sure to appeal to a first time buyer and is offer for sale with no chain. The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance lobby, first floor landing which opens into two bedrooms. The is als..."
"Signature North East welcomes to the sales market this fabulous two bedroom semi-detached home, boasting modern décor, tasteful styling and new carpets throughout. This gorgeous home is ideally situated on Lilac Crescent, Newcastle Upon Tyne, providing a range of amenities nearby including shops ..."
"PENTHOUSE APARTMENT | TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS | LIFT TO ALL FLOORS Jan Forster Estates welcome to the market this penthouse apartment that will appeal to a variety of buyers. Positioned in an ideal location; offering easy access to the Regent Centre, Metro Links and well regarded schools. T..."
Two bedroom detached bungalow in lovely position overlooking the Dene... 
"For sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, this FREEHOLD, three bedroom Mid Terraced House is CONVENIENTLY SITUATED in Rodney Street just off the Riverside and is ideally placed for road links into NEWCASTLE CITY CENTRE. The house is currently tenanted but is to be sold with VACANT POSSESSION. The images us..."
Live life at the heart of Newcastle Quayside! This property represents and excellent investment opportunity with tenants sitting and a vibrant rental market in the location.
"We welcome this impressive two bedroom first floor apartment located in the highly popular area of Gosforth with excellent transport links, schools and amenities. The property benefits from Upvc double glazing, electric heaters and two parking passes. Internally it has a lounge/diner, kitchen, ma..."
"We welcome this impressive two bedroom first floor apartment located in the highly popular area of Gosforth with excellent transport links, schools and amenities. The property benefits from Upvc double glazing, electric heaters and two parking passes. Internally it has a lounge/diner, kitchen, ..."
"The Fairfield, Plot 54 at West Grange. "
"For sale by auction - Auction date 28th February - Option 2 We welcome to the market this two bedroom mid terraced house situated on Montague Street in Lemington. The property briefly comprises to the ground floor: an entrance lobby and hallway, open plan lounge and dining room and a fitted..."
"£500 per month towards your mortgage for 12 months. Carpet and vinyl flooring package. Integrated fridge freezer. Integrated washing machine . Integrated dishwasher. .The Fairfield, Plot 93 at West Grange. "
"NEWLY REFURBISHED ONE BEDROOM, GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT WITH ALLOCATED SECURE PARKING FOR ONE CAR, ATTRACTIVE COMMUNAL GARDENS. A well presented and new refurbished one bedroom apartment, located to the ground floor in this popular modern development in Gosforth. The apartment, offered with va..."
"We are delighted to offer to the market this three-bedroom end of terrace house on Shrewsbury Drive offered with no upper chain. To the ground floor there is a spacious hallway, lounge, kitchen and cloakroom. To the first floor there are three spacious bedrooms with built in s..."
"Guide Price £165,000+ Looking for your first home or ready made BTL investment property, look no further than this well presented, spacious Tyneside flat. Located in a quiet residential area, just off the popular Chillingham Road and within close proximity to both Northumbria and Newcast..."
*** THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE ON A CORNER PLOT - VIEWINGS RECOMMENDED ***
"We are delighted to welcome to the market this semi detached family home on Burnham Avenue in West Denton Park. The accommodation briefly comprises to the ground floor, an entrance lobby, lounge and fitted kitchen. To the first floor there are three good sized bedrooms and a family bathroom. Ex..."
 ***Due to the high level of interest the seller is no longer able to accept new viewings but any registrations of interest are still welcome in case this should change*** ***Video tour*** (just click the tour button). Noel Harris Home Sales are pleased to present this superbly presented th...
A well appointed two bedroom upper flat well positioned within easy walking distance to South Gosforth metro station and Gosforth High Street. The property benefits from a range of modern fixtures and fittings together with front and rear gardens and is available for sale with no onward chain. ...
"PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY - POPULAR LOCATION - CHAIN FREE Brunton residential are delighted to offer this fantastic starter home located on Englefield Close in the ever popular Kingston Park. This property is close to local amenities, is a short walk to bus routes and Kingston Park Metro station..."
"A ONE BEDROOM apartment benefitting from TWO JULIET BALCONIES overlooking communal GARDENS and playing fields on the SECOND FLOOR of this McCARTHY STONE Retirement Living Plus development. Ponteland village AMENITIES ON YOUR DOORSTEP including shops, supermarkets, banks and leisure."
"This three-bedroom detached property is located in Westerhope. Internally this property offers a porch, hallway, lounge area, dining area, conservatory, inner lobby, kitchen, three bedrooms and a bathroom. Externally this property offers a garden with a block paved driveway and a single garage. "
"We welcome to the market this well presented three bedroom mid terrace house situated on Stamfordham Road Westerhope. The property briefly comprises to the ground floor: an entrance hallway, lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen and cloaks WC. To the landing there are three bedrooms and a family..."
No upper chain | First-floor apartment | Two double bedrooms
We are delighted to offer to the sales market this impressive two bedroom mid terraced house located on the much sought after Riverside Staithes development. It is well maintained and beautifully presented internally. Externally there is allocated parking and gardens to the front and rear.
"Forming part of this purpose built development, this modern build ground floor flat will appeal to both the first time buyer and the professional Landlord looking to expand on their property portfolio. The accommodating which comes with vacant possession briefly comprises:- communal hal..."
"Having been a successful rental for many years, this three bedroom first floor Tyneside apartment will have to be viewed to be appreciated. It is located in the heart of Heaton and would make an excellent investment or home for first time buyers and couples. Accommodation comprises:"
"**First Floor Apartment**Two Bedrooms**Dining Kitchen** Constructed by Barratt Homes in the early millennium, this purpose built apartment is well located within walking distance of Jesmond Dene, Jesmond Metro, and Cradlewell cafes and shops. The flat includes a Communal Entrance, a Private Entra..."
"A one bedroomed retirement apartment located on the second floor of this fabulous purpose built development, with a lovely open aspect over the communal gardens and school playing fields beyond. Completed around 8 years ago, this property offers assisted living for those aged 70+, incorporating ..."
THREE BEDROOMS | CONSERVATORY | NO ONWARD CHAIN This three bedroom semi detached house would make the ideal purchase for the first time buyer or growing family with its enviable position on a substantial plot. The property is located within easy access to a wealth of local ame...
"A modern three bedroom mid link house located within this popular residential development. The property is ideally suited for a first time buyer and benefits from a ground floor WC, en suite to master bedroom, private garden, allocated parking space, UPVC double glazing and gas fired central heat..."
"This mid-terrace two-bedroom property has been a successful rental for many years, and is ideally suited for investors, first time buyers or couples. It is located close to Newcastle Quayside and an internal inspection will be essential. Accommodation comprises: Ground Floo..."
"-TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT- POPULAR LOCATION- TWO BATHROOMS- FULLY FURNISHED- Pattinson estate agents is delighted to welcome this two bedroom apartment in the popular Degrees North complex. Ideally located within walking distance of Newcastle Quayside with trendy bars and restaurants, great tra..."
Are you looking for a modern 2 bedroom apartment located in a sought after location? We have the perfect property for you!!
"This 2 bedroomed semi detached ground floor flat has been extended to provide spacious and flexible accommodation. With some scope for cosmetic improvement, this is an excellent opportunity to create a superb property to the purchasers' own taste and requirements. The Reception Hall, with cloaks/..."
"Appealing to buy to let investors is this two bedroom sixth floor apartment which is currently tenanted at £950 PCM until 31st August 2022 and is located within this prestigious development within the city centre. Secure communal entrance with door intercom, the apartment includes entranc..."
"SEMI DETACHED HOME - EXTENDED - THREE BEDROOMS Brunton Residential are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom home located on Matlock Gardens within Westerhope, Newcastle upon Tyne. This family home is located within a popular area and has a garage with driveway."
Three bedroom semi-detached house in popular modern development with off street parking.....
"To be sold via Online Auction until 09/03/2023 12:30 A two-bedroom duplex apartment situated on the top floor of the listed Pandongate development, on the edge of Newcastle city centre and within walking distance of Newcastle quayside. The property offers excellent access to a wealth of local ..."
"This is a hugely impressive family home that is located in a highly sought-after location. It is substantially larger than its outward appearance would have you believe and has numerous stunning features throughout, a modern kitchen, and much more!  This beautiful home has had the ha..."
"Signature North East are delighted to welcome this super three-bedroom mid terrace property. Situated just a short walk from central Gosforth, and located on the sought-after residential area of Mary Agnes Street. This property is currently sold with a tenant in situ therefore a great investment ..."
"A SPACIOUS apartment in Newcastle, available CHAIN FREE with TENANTS in situ for IMMEDIATE investment, welcoming INVESTORS only. Call to enquire! Bettermove are delighted to welcome to the market this charming two bedroom fourth floor apartment in Newcastle city centre, available w..."
"Development Potential - Excellent three bedroom, end terrace house with front garden, driveway and single garage - NO UPWARD CHAIN A great opportunity to purchase a three bedroom, end terrace house, on this quiet pedestrian walkway close to the local shops, amenities & the Metro Station in Fo..."
"Hive Estates presents this three bedroom upper Tyneside flat in Heaton. Located walking distance from Heaton Park in south west Heaton, the property is within close proximity to the many amenities of Heaton and Sandyford. Upon entering the property there is a hallway leading to the thre..."
Heaton Property is delighted to bring this stunning three-bedroom property to the sales market. It is located on the ever-popular Heaton Road and is within walking distance of all the local amenities in Heaton. A significantly rare feature of this property is a very generous west facing ...
"PERFECT FOR PROFFESSIONALS STUNNING TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM APARTMENT located on the ground floor within this the highly sought after development with secure gated allocated parking, landscaped communal grounds and private patio. Offering an open plan lounge/dining room, CONTEMPORARY KITCHEN, m..."
"Offered with no chain is this semi detached house located in Grainger Park. The property requires full refurbishment. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen and lean to. To the first floor is a landing, three bedrooms, bathroom and W..."
**THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETAHCED HOUSE**GREAT CATCHMENT AREA FOR SCHOOLS**CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES AND TRANSPORT LINKS**CHAIN FREE**COUNCIL TAX BAND B**EPC =C**
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are pleased to welcome to the market this beautifully presented two bedroom house in the highly sought after Northumbrian Way in Killingworth. Positioned in a great location, convenient fo..."
"To Be Sold Via Online Auction. FEES APPLY We welcome to the market this three bed semi-detached house in the sought after location of Meadow Rise. With great transport links to the motor way and Newcastle Airport, the property is also situated minutes from shopping parks and restaurants. ..."
"A modern two bedroom mid link house situated on the sought after The Rise development in Newcastles. The location offers good access to Newcastle city centre and the A1, as well a being situated close to a number of schools. The accommodation briefly comprises: entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen, ..."
"*Great Investment Opportunity* With no onward chain, Bricks & Mortar proudly market this beautifully decorated, fully furnished, and centrally located two bedroom apartment in the chic Waterloo House development in Newcastle City Centre. Within walking distance to Central Station, Northumberland ..."
LUXURY CONDITION - TWO BEDROOMS - SECOND FLOOR Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this second floor apartment located on Sunflower Drive within the Brunton Rise development by Taylor Wimpy. This nearly new home has open views to the front and has been fitted with luxury stand...
"Well presented three bedroom semi-detached family home situated in the popular estate of Dumpling Hall, which is conveniently located for access to local amenities, shops and transport links. The property is presented to a good standard with the accommodation adaptable to suit a variety of lifest..."
"*****ATTENTION! INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY***** Two second/top floor flats situated in this popular residential area within easy access of local shops, Metro Station and road links to nearby centres.  Both flats are currently tenanted generating £500 and £515 per calendar month resp..."
*** FREEHOLD *** DETACHED BUNGALOW *** TWO BEDROOMS *** FRONT AND REAR GARDENS *** GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY *** Pattinson are delighted to welcome to the sales market this two bedroom detached bungalow on Sycamore Street in the sought after Throckley area. The property is located with great road li...
Hunters Newcastle are pleased to present this fabulous two bedroom apartment for **investment only** Living/Dining room: It has an exceptionally large living/dining area with fantastic views of the City. Kitchen: The kitchen is fully fitted with all necessary appliances...
"This really pleasant two bedroom semi detached home, perfect for first time buyers is available on this popular estate with fantastic access to local amenities, Newcastle & Gateshead and also the A1. The property comprises of entrance porch leading to living room, then on to a breakfasting kitche..."
Fabulous addition to your investment portfolio 3 Bedroom Semi-detached House for Sale with long-term tenants included. KEY FEATURES • Semi-detached • 3 Bedrooms • Driveway • Sought-after location • Rear garden • INVESTORS ONLY (£700 pcm rent achieved) 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE FOR...
" Ground Floor Victorian Conversion Apartment Offering a Large Lounge/Diner, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, One Generous Double Bedroom, Bathroom, Private Front Garden, South Facing Rear Courtyard & No Onward Chain! This great, one bedroom, apartment is placed to the ground floor of this Victorian co..."
"Hive Estates welcomes to the market this well-presented three-bedroom upper Tyneside flat in Heaton. With a modern kitchen and spacious lounge, there are three double bedrooms and a yard to the rear. Ideally located on Hotspur Street in Heaton, the property is close to Heaton Park and v..."
"A 3 bedroomed first floor Tyneside flat, pleasantly situated within this sought after residential area, well placed for amenities. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, the Entrance Hall leads to stairs to the First Floor Landing. The Lounge leads to the spacious Kitchen,..."
"FOR SALE VIA AUCTION: terms and conditions apply. The subject property is a two storey, mid terrace currently occupied and utilized as an HMO. The property is producing an annual income of £17,820. The premises consists of a lounge, kitchen, three bedrooms, family bathroom and office."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** THREE BEDROOMS | TERRACED FAMILY HOME | EN SUITE | TWO ALLOCATED PARKING BAYS Jan Forster Estates present this stunning terraced three bedroom home on the ever desirable Rowan Way in Blakelaw. The ...
Character quirky cottage occupying a lovely position within the sought after location of Prestwick. The property offers potential for those looking for a character home to update and modernise whilst retaining the traditional feel of this charming property. Accommodation comprises of p...
"A beautifully presented two bedroom ground floor flat situated on the ever popular Sixth Avenue, Heaton."
"A spacious two bedroom ground floor apartment with its own private access. Located in central Gosforth and ideally suited to an investor. Briefly comprising reception hall, lounge/dining room, kitchen, two bedrooms, family bathroom, en-suite shower room. Allocated parking and communal gardens."
"A one bedroomed first floor apartment within this purpose built McCarthy & Stone Assisted Living development, close to the centre of Ponteland village. Henderson Court is a fully staffed retirement complex for those aged 70+. The property stands in well tended grounds with visitor and some reside..."
"* PLEASE NOTE THIS PROPERTY BENEFITS FROM A GARAGE AND GARDEN * This lovely, modern, well presented apartment is situated on the first floor perfectly located against a residential setting and has no upper chain. It enjoys a variety of modern features and is ideal for a young couple or first ..."
"Pattinsons are pleased to welcome to the market this two bedroom bungalow located on West Road, Fenham. The property briefly comprises: Entrance Hallway, Lounge, Kitchen/Diner, Two Bedrooms, Bathroom. Externally the property offers gardens to the Front and Rear with Driveway providing Off Stre..."
The Dunston is a smart and practical two-bedroom apartment. A large open-plan lounge/kitchen has plenty of space for a dining area. Light pours in through floor-to-ceiling glass doors – with a Juliette balcony if you are on the first or second floor. The main bedroom has an en-suite/dressing room.
"Elite Estates offer to the market this spacious, well maintained three bedroom semi detached house situated in a popular and convenient location within easy reach of all local amenities. Benefits include gas central heating and UPVC double glazing. The accommodation briefly comprises: entrance..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS | NO ONWARD CHAIN | SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this well presented two double bedroom semi detached bungalow with converted garage s...
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS | NO ONWARD CHAIN | CONVERTED LOFT SPACE Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this well presented two double bedroom semi detached bungalow with converted loft space...
"Rarely available to the market and located in a sought after area Westmoor. This three bedroom characteristic semi-detached house, the property is in need of modernisation and has the potential to develop into a charming home. The property briefly comprises: entrance with stairs, large lounge/din..."
**Cash buyers only** Purplebricks offer for sale this contemporary one bedroom apartment in Hadrians Tower on Rutherford Street in Newcastle Upon Tyne. The highly accessible location in close proximity to Newcastle’s Regeneration Zone and a world-class medical university. Providing affordable bu...
*POPULAR LOCATION * PLENTY OF OUTSIDE SPACE* A PROPERTY TO PUT YOUR OWN STAMP ON* Ideal for first time buyers or investors this property has an abundance of potential and must be seen to be appreciated. Call our sales team to book your viewing today.
"We welcome to the market this impressive two bedroomed apartment with excellent views over the River Tyne and private parking. The apartment benefits from open plan living two bedrooms, family bathroom and private rear decked area with impressive views. The property is currently tenanted and wo..."
"Investment opportunity | Currently tenanted | £10,200.00 per anum | River views | Large terrace | Allocated parking"
"Well presented first floor two bedroom flat is ideally located on Sandringham Road, South Gosforth. Sandringham Road is situated within a close proximity to South Gosforth Metro Station for commuting into the city centre, Jesmond Dene for woodland walks and the Freeman Hospital as well as close t..."
"** TWO BEDROOM DUPLEX APARTMENT LOCATED IN NEWCASTLE CITY CENTRE ** Situated with access to a range of transport links, local amenities, bars and restaurants, this top floor apartment offers accomodation to include: Entrance hall, bathroom, second bedroom and living/dining/kitchen area to the low..."
"We welcome to the market this semi detached house located in the modern development The Rise. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, kitchen and WC. To the first floor is a landing, two bedrooms and bathroom.  Externally, there is a garden tot he rear...."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** THREE BEDROOMS | TERRACE HOME | GARAGE & OFF-STREET PARKING Situated on Epsom Court this terraced house is truly a home to be proud of, with a cul-de-sac location and garage to the rear. Offered for sale wi..."
"***** Be quick to view this THREE BEDROOM LINK DETACHED HOUSE in the popular suburb of Three Score located very close to the UEA & NORFOLK AND NORWICH HOSPITAL. The property has entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room, kitchen, bathroom, en-suite, ENCLOSED GARDENS, GARAGE AND PLENTY OF PAR..."
Fully Let Student Accommodation Investment
Fully Let Student Accommodation Investment 
"The word ´unique´ is often overused, but it seems entirely appropriate here. Grade II* listed with three holiday barns and a lakeside setting - the appeal is clear. Lovingly and comprehensively restored by the owners, all the work has already been done. Good to go from day one, with a h..."
DPS Estates are pleased to offer this fantastic investment opportunity for this freehold property comprising of a ground floor commercial unit as well as 4 stunning apartments as well as an existing thriving Air B & B business. The ground floor commercial unit is currently occupied on a 5 year le...
"abbotFox Land & New Homes presents this extraordinary development opportunity within Norwich's historic city centre. A planning application has been submitted for permission to construct four, stunning, duplex penthouse apartments each with roof terraces and private balconies on top of V..."
Rare opportunity to purchase a complete block of apartments in the vibrant city of Norwich with further potential to re develop. 
A stunning Grade II* listed city gem. Elegance and opulence combined with modern finishes.
"A truly fine example of a substantial and bespoke detached Victorian home offering a wealth of charm and set in a highly sought after location within Norwich's coveted Golden Triangle. Set on approximately 1/2 an acre plot (STMS), this home offers versatile living at it's finest while also benefi..."
"A striking, extended, contemporary residence in a highly sought-after location"
An imposing and superbly extended house in the prestigious Golden Triangle.
"An exceptional family home boasting sprawling and immaculately presented interiors, nestled amongst a highly sought after leafy avenue just off Newmarket Road. "
"One of the finest, complete Regency houses in Norwich."
"A stunning and unique detached 3-storey period property offering rarely seen levels of accommodation in a highly prestigious location off a private avenue, perfect for city access. This spectacular family residence, boasting a corner turret, includes 8 bedrooms split between the top 2 floors, 4 g..."
Impressive modern home in sought-after location.
Steeped in local history Ketts Castle Villa is quite simply a must see home. A true hidden gem in every sense. Discreetly located & offering spectacular views over the whole of Norwich city centre this home is sure to take your breath away. The property itself is grade II listed while the gar...
"Guide Price £1,000,000 - £1,100,000. Incredibly sought-after, characterful Victorian home in the heart of the Golden Triangle. Set back from the road within a private plot you can benefit from having the city centre and a range of amenities only a short walk away. Amenities include a tw..."
SITE WITH PLANNING FOR 9 TOWNHOUSES AND 5 APARTMENTS
Existing Car Sales/Showroom Site Allocated for Residential Development
"SITTING ON THE BANKS OF THE RIVER YARE, THIS STYLISH INDIVIDUAL HOME HAS ANNEXE POTENTIAL AND LANDSCAPED GARDENS IN EXCESS OF 3/4 OF AN ACRE (stms). PANORAMIC VIEWS OVER THE SURROUNDING GARDENS AND RIVERSIDE."
"Seller Has Found
Standing handsome and tall this Edwardian home has huge kerb appeal. Inside, the character continues throughout along with a light, airy feel. Lovingly renovated with attention to detail, In a lovely position close to river and city."
A beautifully appointed 5 bedroom extended detached family home in a quiet cul-de-sac position on a generous plot of around one third of an acre with a south/south-east facing rear garden. This property is offered for sale with no onward chain.
"An extremely rare opportunity to acquire the freehold of a Grade II listed town house and shop. Situated in one of the most sought after areas of Norwich with many independent shops, cafes and businesses, Norwich city centre is a short stroll away. The property is in very good order thr"
"This spacious seven bedroom semi detached home is sure to stand out from the crowd for all the right reasons. Filled with character features & charm throughout, this home offers an abundance of versatile living space, over 3200 sq ft on offer is spread over three storeys. Located on the prest..."
CEPC - 47 (B) *A truly outstanding investment opportunity to acquire a former public house which has been renovated and refurbished to stunning standards to create an individual and distinctive 12 bedroom multi-let guest house close to Norwich City Centre and train station. *
"This spacious four bedroom home has an impressive entrance hall. Downstairs you'll find a large open plan upgraded kitchen with French doors to the South/West garden and a separate utility. There's  also a comfortable lounge, separate home office. Upstairs you'll find an en suite main bedroom, th..."
"Guide Price £310,000-£325,000. LINK-DETACHED HOME with FOUR BEDROOMS of which THREE are DOUBLE. The well presented KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM and SITTING/DINING ROOM are accessed off a central hallway with the STAIRS TO THE FIRST FLOOR and a cloakroom. Upstairs the FOUR BEDROOMS are accesse..."
A SUBSTANTIAL DETACHED DWELLING FORMERLY A BED AND BREAKFAST BUSINESS NOW COMPRISING OF THREE PROPERTIES SITUATED NORTH EAST OF NORWICH IN THE POPULAR BROADLAND VILLAGE OF RACKHEATH
"GUIDE PRICE £900,000 - £950,000..
Write your chapter at this historic home, part of village history and well set for modern living too. Period features abound within and the acre of gardens offer a wonderful view. Relax with the wildlife in the wild flower meadow or sit on the decking l..."
A substantial six bedroom detached family house situated just three miles from Norwich City Centre
"**BEAUTIFUL DETACHED FAMILY HOME ON ONE OF THE MOST PRESTIGIOUS AND SOUGHT AFTER ROADS IN NORWICH** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this MAGNIFICENT, FOUR BEDROOM, DETACHED family home located on the highly sought after Thunder Lane in Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HALL..."
"A bespoke 3 bedroom 1,695 sq ft apartment forming part of this exclusive development of just ten 2 & 3 bedroom apartments offering amazing views of the Cathedral and River Wensum."
"A superb four bedroom, three reception room home located in a most desirable location with plenty of parking."
"Situated in a tucked away private position in one of Hellesdons most sought after locations is Hillbank House, a truly impressive 1930’s four-bedroom detached family home. This wonderful and unique property offers over 2800 square feet of accommodation, this includes a 21ft dual aspect loun..."
LAST REMAINING TOWNHOUSE CONVERSION. Fastolf House is a remarkable three bedroom property with stunning open plan kitchen/dining room and separate lounge complete with media station.
"abbotFox Bespoke presents this rarely available, semi-detached family home. Occupying a prime position, on a private road, within the heart of the Golden Triangle, this property sits on a generous plot, and offers a fantastic opportunity for any buyer looking to enjoy City living, in a peaceful p..."
"APPROX 0.25 ACRE PLOT (stms) situated in the EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT of St. Andrews Park! This BEAUTIFUL HOME boasts accommodation spanning over 2,200 sq. ft (stms) which has PERIOD FEATURES including HIGH CEILINGS, SASH WINDOWS and generous room sizes. Featuring FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS for entertaini..."
"Beautifully designed and with a focus on quality living, the first new build home is now available at The Lodge, Drayton. A detached four bedroom luxury home, with detached garage, south-facing garden and super ecological features."
***PRESTIGE LOCATION WITHIN THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE*** Offering an eclectic mix of modern design and period features this period home is not to be missed.
"Guide Price £775,000 - £800,000. Occupying a RARELY AVAILABLE POSITION with substantial accommodation spanning over 2100 SQ FT (stms), this detached family home is located on one of the most DESIRABLE ROADS in THORPE. With extended accommodation which has been REMODELLED and UPDATED, a..."
"***STUNNING FAMILY HOME*** Winston House an individually designed detached family home set in an ¼ Arce. Approached via a gated driveway, there is ample off street parking as well as a double garage. This four bedroom home is sure to make you the envy of y..."
"A highly versatile home in a sought-after location. This property has been updated and extended, offering versatile space and with secondary accommodation and off-road parking."
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this substantial property boasts over 1,950 sq/ft. of living space, enjoying a sought-after cul de sac location in Cringleford. Ready for a new lease of life, this detached family home offers a wealth of potential, with accommodation including 3 reception rooms, 4 be..."
"A unique opportunity to purchase this substantial boutique guest house, offered with No Onward Chain and commanding a prime location for the city centre, University of East Anglia and Norfolk & Norwich Hospital. Boasting just under 4,000 sq/ft. of generous and versatile accommodation includin..."
"abbotFox Bespoke presents Arrandale Lodge. Situated on the prestigious Earlham Road, which affords easy access to a wealth of local amenities, Norwich City Centre, the University and Hospital. Run as a well-regarded Bed & Breakfast, this property has been thoughtfully remodelled and extended to o..."
"EXCELLENTLY PRESENTED DETACHED FAMILY HOUSE WITH ENTRANCE HALL, 2 RECS, STUDY, CONSERVATORY, KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM, UTILITY, CLOAKROOM, 4 DOUBLE BEDS, 2 EN-SUITES, FAMILY BATHROOM, DOUBLE GARAGE AND SOUTH FACING GARDEN"
"Pymm & Co are delighted to offer a selection of 14 unique properties from studio apartments to a three storey townhouse, all set within the historical building of Bignold House, once forming part of the Norwich Union empire which is synonymous with Norwich and its rich business history."
"GUIDE PRICE £750,000 - £775,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this established and immaculately presented semi-detached period home offering a wealth of charm combined with a range of modern finishings and set on one of the most highly sought after roads within Norwich'..."
"Guide Price £700,000-£750,000 - Offered to market with no onward chain is this magnificent 9 bedroom, 8 bathroom home currently used as a 4-star guest house, with private owners living quarter. Sat behind wrought iron gates is a plot spanning approx 0.2acres (STMS) with versatile living..."
"An individual and spacious, four/five bedroom detached family home located close to Norwich City Centre with great access to amenities. This home has plenty of ground floor and first floor accommodation, including a garage and car port."
"A rare opportunity has arisen to purchase this beautiful boutique B&B located very close to Norwich City Centre, the Norfolk & Norwich Hospital and University of East Anglia. The Arrandale Lodge is currently run as a 4 Gold Star Guest House and is perfect for those looking to continu..."
Stylish first floor apartment ideal for a professional close to city centre
"OFFERS INVITED: Luxury boutique Guest House situated close to the University of East Anglia, Norfolk & Norwich Hospital and Norwich City Centre, offering versatile accommodation including six African themed guest bedrooms including two family suites all with luxury en-suites and three host be..."
"This beautiful 2383 Sq ft (stms) Grade II Listed CONVERTED CHAPEL features a STUNNING 45' OPEN PLAN LIVING SPACE finished with MODERN DECOR, perfectly blended with the CHARACTER FEATURES. The BESPOKE WINDOWS in this room run almost FLOOR to CEILING with an ARCHED TOP allowing NATURAL LIGHT to f..."
"Only a short walk away from the popular Whitlingham Country Park, where you can enjoy beautiful, nature filled walks. This exceptional four bedroom home is immaculately presented throughout, with bright and elegant interior. The home provides something for everyone, with an enclosed garden backin..."
"Well-presented 5 bedroom detached house in a popular position, conveniently located for amenities and road links. Boasting over 2,020 sq/ft. of accommodation, the living spaces include a 14'9 kitchen, dual aspect lounge, separate study, utility room and dining room, plus a conservatory to the rea..."
"GUIDE PRICE £700,000 - £725,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this beautifully presented and rarely available semi-detached family home set in the highly sought after location of Unthank Road in NR4. The property comes with a generous and private rear garden along with ..."
***GRAND HALL ENTRANCE PERIOD HOME IN FAVOURED RESIDENTIAL LOCATION*** William H Brown are pleased to present this family home offering enclosed gardens and parking in a prime location on the cusp of Norwich city centre.
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this impressive barn conversion is situated in a highly sought-after location, close to road links and amenities. Boasting over 2,140 sq/ft. of updated and improved accommodation, full of character and charm throughout. The versatile living spaces include a 17'9 loun..."
"GUIDE PRICE £700,000 - £725,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this substantial and early available four storey townhouse set in the heart of Norwich with outstanding views of the River Wensum. The property offers versatile living accommodation whilst also being of a hig..."
"A bespoke 2 bedroom 1,292 sq ft apartment forming part of this exclusive development of just ten 2 & 3 bedroom apartments offering amazing views of the Cathedral and River Wensum."
"A bespoke 2 bedroom 1,683 sq ft apartment forming part of this exclusive development of just ten 2 & 3 bedroom apartments offering amazing views of the Cathedral and River Wensum."
"A happy home in the heart of the city, you´ll own a part of history with this abode. So convenient for everything, schools, shops and more, you´ll not need to wander, it´s all down the road. A beautiful blend of period and contemporary, it´s deceptively spacious and flexible t..."
"Charming home ideal for growing families, located in the highly demanded area of Thorpe St Andrew benefiting from all local amenities. This immaculate home boasts four bedrooms, one of which includes an ensuite, four stunning reception rooms ideal for entertaining guests, a modern fitted kitchen,..."
Pymm & Co are delighted to offer a rare opportunity to purchase this six bedroom commercial property.
MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE! As you approach this HIGH SPECIFICATION HOME this unique frontage and generous SHINGLE PARKING AREA conceals almost 2000 sq ft of accommodation and a 0.26 ACRE PLOT (stms). Once inside there is a combination of OPEN PLAN SPACES and cosy environments which take the form of...
"An incredible business opportunity awaits with this former Bed and Breakfast, offering the perfect base from which to explore the city and its surroundings. Tucked away with generous private parking and attractive mature gardens, this extensive 8 bedroom property boasts bedrooms across both floor..."
Located off the incredibly popular Colney Lane and within walking distance of local amenities and facilities this detached four bedroom home is nestled at the end of a long private driveway and benefits from a distinctly private position. The property boasts UPVC double glazing and has gas fired...
"Offered with No Onward Chain is this extensive semi-detached family home, situated in a prestigious and highly sought-after suburb of Norwich. With over 1,595 sq/ft. of living space and potential to extend (STPP), this property provides scope to create something truly special, set within a corner..."
This discreetly positioned four bedroomed detached home is a true hidden gem. Tucked away at the end of a private lane in the always popular village of Thorpe St Andrew this stunning home must be seen to fully appreciate everything it has to offer. Boasting four reception rooms and over 2000sq ft...
**THE DELL - A PLEASANT SAFE HAVEN OF CALM AND TRANQUILITY** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this detached family home that offers versatile and welcoming accommodation that offers something slightly different to your normal home.
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this beautifully established and spacious Edwardian family home set in a highly sought after location only a short walk to Norwich city centre. The property comes with ample off street parking, a tandem garage and generous south-facing rear garden. I..."
"NO CHAIN. With over 2600 Sq ft (stms) of accommodation, this SUBSTANTIAL DETACHED HOME offers a wealth of possibilities, including ANNEXE potential, a layout for MULTI-GENERATIONAL LIVING or INCOME GENERATION. Tucked away on a PRIVATE DRIVEWAY serving only three properties, this LOW LYING CENTR..."
"READY TO VIEW. Immaculate top floor penthouse apartment offering beautiful sun terrace, integrated appliances, parking and views across the city. City center location undercroft parking and come fully furnished."
"A deceptively spacious and immaculately presented five/six bedroom chalet bungalow, boasting wonderful versatility and a generous plot. "
***IDYLLIC LOCATION WITH RIVER FRONTAGE ON THE OUTSKIRTS OF NORWICH*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this Detached Barn conversion with exposed beams being offered to the market with no onward chain
"There is no onward chain with this extended 3 bedroom semi detached house in a sought-after location in Hellesdon. This superb property is new to the market and is guaranteed to attract immediate interest. The accommodation on offer includes a lounge with open fireplace, an impressive 21ft open p..."
Spacious family home in popular location.
"This well-presented and extended 4 bedroom home is located in the heart of the sought-after village of Cringleford, offering versatile accommodation including 4 reception rooms, kitchen and 4 bedrooms. The detached property is situated on a prominent corner plot offering a lawned side garden, dou..."
FOR SALE BY LIVESTREAM AUCTION ON WEDNESDAY 22 MARCH AT 11:00AM TO REGISTER FOR LEGAL PACKS AND BIDDING INSTRUCTIONS PLEASE VISIT OUR WEBSITE
"LOCATION, SPACE & STYLE. This one has it all! With four bedrooms, four bathrooms, a stunning open plan kitchen - dining - family room, a two-way facing log burner, home office, garden room and much more, this Old Costessey home is a MUST SEE! Everything here is high quality and ready to enjoy."
"CHAPTERS is a unique collection of bespoke townhouses, apartments and duplexes finished to the highest standard offering a true example of stylish inner-city living. 19 Chapters, which is currently ready for occupation, is an outstanding four-storey character townhouse offering the perfect blend ..."
Exclusive Grade II Listed apartment in sought after gated development.
"abbotFox presents this spacious detached chalet bungalow. Sitting within a sizable plot within the sought after village of Spixworth. The property offers flexible accommodation over two floors, comprising an inviting entrance hall, kitchen/diner with utility room, separate living room and three b..."
This incredible well-presented detached 4 bedroom family home with a master ensuite is situated on a private road off Blue Boar Lane in the popular area of Sprowston minutes from Norwich City Centre. Standing in an impressive plot with ample off road parking for multiple vehicles as well as a sin...
"abbotFox Bespoke presents Victoria House. A substantial, end terraced home, located in the heart of the Golden Triangle. Occupying a generous corner plot, with a garage set to the rear, this imposing home offers a flexible layout over three floors, this is a rare opportunity to acquire a home in ..."
"SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME! This thoughtfully extended detached property offers far reaching field views to the front and spacious family sized accommodation. With five bedrooms, four bathrooms, an open plan kitchen and a lovely living room, the property sits on a plot of more than 1/3 of an acre."
"GUIDE PRICE £600,000 - £625,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this substantial and rarely available Edwardian hall entrance terraced home set in the heart of Norwich's highly coveted Golden Triangle. The property comes with no onward chain and a private rear garden. In ..."
"Guide Price £600,000 - £625,000. Occupying a good size plot this extended 1930`s executive family home offers the potential for a self-contained annex or the space to run a business from home (subject to planning)."
"GUIDE PRICE £600,000-£625,000. This fully refurbished detached property has been extended and completely remodelled. Offered with no onward chain."
"CHAPTERS is a unique collection of bespoke townhouses, apartments and duplexes finished to the highest standard offering a true example of styles inner-city living. 1 Chapters, currently ready for occupation, is an outstanding three-storey character townhouse offering the perfect blend of charact..."
"CHAPTERS offers a unique collection of quality townhouses, flats, and duplexes for those who are looking for the very essence of stylish city living. "
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this modern five bedroom townhouse set in the popular Fellowes Plain development only a short walk to Norwich city centre. The property has been extensively modernised and comes with a private rear garden, single garage and off street pa..."
"*£42,309 worth of savings*.  The Chelworth is a stunning four bedroom detached family home. On the ground floor, you will find an open-plan kitchen with a breakfast/family area leading to the garden through French doors. In this home, you will also have a large dining room, a study, a separate ..."
"CHAPTERS is a unique collection of bespoke townhouses, apartments and duplexes finished to the highest standard offering a true example of styles inner-city living. 4 Chapters is an outstanding three-storey character townhouse offering the perfect blend of character charm of the original building..."
"This three bedroom detached home is sure to prove popular. Located on the ever popular Eaton Road, one of Norwich's most desirable spots, this home is perfect for those looking for a property they can put their own stamp on. The sizeable plot property this property is situated on lends itself to ..."
"If you’re searching for a home in the country with a contemporary twist, this stunning five-bedroom detached house in Great Plumstead could be exactly the property that you’re looking for"
"*** Guide Price £575,000 - £600,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this three bedroom detached house situated in the sought after Golden Triangle of Norwich, within just a 'stones throw away' from the City Centre. The property boasts an impressive extended open plan kitchen / family / din..."
"ELEVATED QUARTER OF AN ACRE PLOT... This detached family home is tucked away behind a timber five bar gate and long driveway. The property offers spacious and versatile accommodation over two floors, whilst being completly UPVC double glazed and gas centrally heated. It consists of a welcoming re..."
"*** Guide Price £375,000 - £385,000 *** LIFE ON ONE LEVEL! *** ClaxtonBird are pleased to offer for sale this extremely well presented three bedroom detached bungalow situated on a quiet cul-de-sac within the popular village of Eaton, with easy access to a wide range of amenities, schools and exc..."
"Privately positioned within a quiet cul-de-sac stands this impressive five bedroom detached chalet bungalow. Located in the ever popular village of Cringleford this versatile home is not one to miss. If you are looking for a home which is ready to move straight into, then look no further! "
Halsbury Homes are delighted to offer this exquisitely designed 4 bedroom detached home with garage. Currently under construction this home is built to an exceptional standard and attention to detail. With classical style and part of an elegant collection these homes are a rare find.
"**GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £575,000 EXTENDED DETACHED BUNGALOW ON A GENEROUS SIZE PLOT IN THORPE ST ANDREW** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, DETACHED BUNGALOW situated on a REQUESTED ROAD in the popular suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation com..."
"STYLISH & SPACIOUS VILLAGE HOME! Recently extended & renovated, this detached home offers space & style in abundance. There is a range of open plan living space, four double bedrooms, a fifth bedroom or study and a gorgeous new family room. Outside the plot is both large and landscaped. "
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this bespoke and beautifully maintained townhouse Situated in the artisan quarter of Norwich, nestled between the popular streets of St Giles and Pottergate this former shoe factory combines the benefits of a factory style penthouse with a 3 story tow..."
"Moneyproperties are thrilled to bring to market this immaculate three double bedroom detached bungalow sitting on a generous plot on Thunder Lane in Norwich. This spacious bungalow is located within ease of access to Norwich City Centre, local amenities and transport links. The accommodation c..."
 This rarely available and very unique contemporary home offers versatile accommodation over a single storey living space with vaulted ceilings giving a fantastic light and airy feel. Enjoying a small cul-de-sac location close to the ever popular Golden Triangle with its excellent local shopping...
"Offered with No Onward Chain is this substantial 3/4 bedroom detached property, situated in a highly sought-after and convenient location. Extended to offer over 1,590 sq/ft. of generous and versatile accommodation including a 21'10 max. lounge at the heart of this family home, with an adjacent 1..."
William H Brown is delighted to offer for sale the Former Dell Ballroom with the benefit of planning consent for the erection of 7 dwellings in an ideal city centre location.
"An elegant and incredibly spacious three bedroom, two storey luxury apartment in a very imposing country house. "
"**VIRTUAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE - Call branch for details** A beautifully presented delux three bedroom apartment situated in the grand Rackheath Hall, surrounded by manicured grounds with many exemplary features."
"ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this well presented over the passage hall entrance terrace house situated just off Unthank Road, within the sought after Golden Triangle area of Norwich. The property offers light and spacious accommodation throughout, and benefits from having some period featu..."
"abbotFox presents this unique, three bedroom, bay fronted Golden Triangle terrace with a non bisected west facing courtyard garden. Accommodation in brief comprises; hall entrance, dual aspect sitting room, study, stairs down to a superb kitchen dining room, utility room and WC. On the ..."
"Open day March 18th 11-2:30 call the Norwich office to book your appointment. Opportunity to acquire a fantastic size family home within an enviable area, just off Newmarket Road! Situated within close proximity to a range of schooling, Eaton Park, Marston Marshes, supermarkets and easy access on..."
"A bespoke 2 bedroom 1,418 sq ft apartment forming part of this exclusive development of just ten 2 & 3 bedroom apartments offering amazing views of the Cathedral and River Wensum."
"**IN EXCESS OF 1800SQFT** A magnificent and extremely well-presented five bedroom unique three storey linked-detached home situated near Riverside Road boasting stunning access to great schooling for all ages, Norwich's Riverside, train station and city centre."
"**INCREDIBLEY SPACIOUS EXTENDED DETACHED HOUSE IN A RARELY AVAILABLE NR3 LOCATION** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, FOUR BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY HOME located in a highly SOUGHT AFTER CUL-DE-SAC to the north of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance porch, ..."
"Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this exceptional three bedroom apartment set over two floors in the converted grand country house of Rackheath Hall, nestled amongst the far-reaching picturesque grounds on the outskirts of Norwich."
***STUNNING FAMILY HOME IN A SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION*** Iconic are pleased to bring to the market this four bedroom detached home situated on Folgate Close in Old Costessey. Occupying a generous plot overlooking woodland to the rear this great home has been completely modernised by the current owne...
This incredible well-presented detached 4 bedroom family home with an additional annexe that is located in the desired area of Hellesdon minutes from Norwich City Centre. Standing in an impressive plot with ample off road parking and an immaculate interior with high quality finishings. Where you ...
If you have been in search of a property with a self-contained annexe or perhaps a home with an adjoining business opportunity then this stunning and spacious 4 bedroom detached family home is guaranteed to impress from the second you step inside the generous entrance hall. This superb property i...
"£40,545 worth of savings. The Layton is a four bedroom energy-efficient DETACHED home featuring an OPEN-PLAN kitchen with dining area and FRENCH DOORS that open out to your rear garden. This home also benefits from a spacious living room, a private study, perfect for home working and utility ro..."
"The Layton is a four bedroom detached home featuring an OPEN-PLAN kitchen with dining area and FRENCH DOORS that open out to the rear garden. This home also benefits from a SPACIOUS living room, a private study and utility room. Upstairs, you will have an EN SUITE shower in the principal bedroom,..."
"The Layton is a four bedroom DETACHED home featuring an OPEN-PLAN kitchen with dining area and FRENCH DOORS that open out to the rear garden. This home also benefits from a spacious living room, a private STUDY and UTILITY room. Upstairs, you will have an EN SUITE shower in the principal bedroom,..."
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £270,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this light and spacious Victorian terrace set on the fringes of Norwich's highly coveted Golden Triangle. The property comes with no onward chain and a generous rear garden. In brief, the property comprises; ..."
"Bidwells presents a brand new 4 bedroom detached house offering over £1,760 sq ft of accomondation with seperate utility and seperate dining room. Contact us today to arrange your viewing or for further information. READY NOW."
"The property is an established detached family house with a modern recently refurbished interior in a sought-after and convenient residential location. The front door opens to a spacious entrance hall with stairs to the first floor and a cloakroom. The downstairs kitchen breakfast room, dining..."
**DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY** Former hatchery with Class Q consent for conversion to 2 dwellings and 3 bedroom cottage with planning permission for extension to 4 bedrooms. 1.22 Acre site (subject to measured survey). No upward chain. 
"*** Guide Price £525,000 - £550,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this three bedroom detached house situated in the popular Golden Triangle area of Norwich, within close proximity to Christchurch Road. The property is set well back from the road, offering ample driveway parking, garage a..."
A beautifully renovated and updated three bedroom home with an impressive garden full of wildlife.
"LAUNCH EVENT, SATURDAY 18TH MARCH, 10AM TO 1PM, STRICTLY BY APPOINTMENT ONLY. GUIDE PRICE £525,000 - £550,000. Built in the late 1800`s as a Foremans House for The Colman`s Mustard Estate, this stunning three bedroom semi detached property is located in the highly sought after village of Trowse,"
"ANNEXE POTENTIAL! A detached family home offering five double bedrooms, three bathrooms, three reception rooms and potential for a self contained annex! Modern and immaculately presented throughout, this family home is a must see! "
"GUIDE PRICE £525,000 - £550,000. Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this spacious and versatile family home that comes with the added benefit of a one bedroom self contained Annex, ideal for extended family living or for a supplementary income."
Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this immaculately presented and beautifully renovated Victorian Hall Entrance terraced home set on one of the most highly coveted roads within Norwich's Golden Triangle. The property comes with a generous south-facing rear garden and has a wealth of p...
This four bedroom detached family home in one of Norwich's most desirable locations is offered to the market with no onward chain.
"**BRAND NEW DETACHED BUNGALOW ON A SMALL SELECT DEVELOPMENT BUILT BY HARRIER HOMES ** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this superb brand new 3/4 bed detached bungalow on a good sized plot, located in the popular village of Spixworth. The bungalow is finished to a high standard throughout, and..."
"If you have been in search of a spacious and well-presented family home, then look no further than this incredibly impressive and extended four-bedroom detached house in the sought-after north Norwich suburb of Hellesdon. This superb property has recently undergone a complete programm..."
"The Holden is a four bedroom detached energy-efficient home, perfectly designed for growing families. The ground floor boasts an open-plan kitchen/dining area with a useful utility room and French doors leading to a fully turfed garden ? an extended living space in good weather. There is also an ..."
"£38,760 WORTH OF SAVINGS. The Holden is a four bedroom detached home, perfectly designed for growing families. The ground floor boasts an open-plan kitchen/dining area with a useful utility room and French doors leading to a fully turfed garden ? an extended living space. There is also an airy ba..."
"WE'LL GIVE YOU £38,760 TOWARDS MAKING THE MOVE. The Holden is a four bedroom detached home, perfectly designed for growing families. The ground floor boasts an open-plan kitchen/dining area with a useful utility room and French doors leading to a fully turfed garden ? an extended living space. Th..."
"£38,610 WORTH OF SAVINGS. The Holden is a four bedroom energy-efficient DETACHED home, perfectly designed for growing families. The ground floor boasts an OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with a useful UTILITY room and French doors leading to a FULLY TURFED garden giving you an extended living space..."
"£38,610 worth of savings.The Holden is a four bedroom detached home, perfectly designed for growing families. The ground floor boasts an open-plan kitchen/dining area with a useful utility room and French doors leading to a fully turfed garden ? an extended living space in good weather. There is..."
"The Holden is a four bedroom DETACHED home, perfectly designed for growing families. The ground floor boasts an OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with a useful utility room and FRENCH DOORS leading to a fully turfed garden ? an extended living space in good weather. There is also an airy bay-fronted ..."
"£38,608 worth of savings! The Holden is a four bedroom DETACHED home, perfectly designed for growing families. The ground floor boasts an OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with a useful utility room and FRENCH DOORS leading to a fully turfed garden ? an extended living space in good weather. There is..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN. Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this six bedroom development opportunity. Located in a prime location, close to amenities. The property comprises of a ground floor and a basement. On the ground floor there are two reception rooms, dining room, office, study, shower room and"
"***DETACHED FAMILY HOME ON A DESIREABLE DEVELOPMENT - GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £525,000. Iconic are pleased to bring to the market this substantial four bedroom detached family home. Located on the edge of Drayton this great property is located at the end of a cul de sac and early view..."
"*Annexe accommodation* Sat within a private road, occupying a position in the heart of Mousehold Heath, is this stunning family home with a large tranquil garden offering versatile spaces to enjoy. This four bedroom semi-detached property is located only a short walk into the city, ideal for thos..."
"EXCELLENTLY PRESENTED DETACHED FAMILY HOUSE LOCATED IN THE CITY'S FINEST RESIDENTIAL AREA WITH ENTRANCE HALL, 2 RECS, FITTED KITCHEN WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, CLOAKROOM, 3 BEDROOMS, EN-SUITE, BATHROOM, SEPARATE WC, OFF STREET PARKING, GARDENS, GAS FIRED CENTRAL HEATING AND DOUBLE GLAZING"
"The Oxford is a detached, five-bedroom home with an integral double garage. The kitchen/dining/family room and separate living room each have French doors. There’s a utility room, cloakroom and home office. Upstairs, there’s an en-suite master bedroom, a Jack and Jill bathroom and a family bathroom."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! This well-proportioned family home, conveniently located between the UEA & Hospital and City Centre, is in need of some TLC but offers a great range of accommodation on a generous plot with off street parking. "
"abbotFox presents this unique five-bedroom Penthouse apartment approaching 3,000 sqft located on the top floor of Sentinel House. Delivering outstanding modern living with a concierge service, residents' gym and residents' lounge all within Norwich's vibrant city centre within a short wa..."
"This detached four-bedroom home in Sprowston offers fantastic open-plan living in an extensive private plot, close to amenities in this popular Norwich suburb. Guide Price £500,000-£525,000"
A characterful and well-proportioned Edwardian home offering plenty of period features. Relax in its spacious accommodation but know that the joys of city life are on your doorstep whenever you need them. 
"WELL PROPORTIONED DETACHED BUNGALOW! This modern bungalow comes with three bedrooms, two bathrooms, spacious kitchen - dining room and conservatory looking out onto the 0.43 acre plot (stms). "
"*** Launch Event Saturday 18th March - Strictly By Appointment Only *** Guide Price £500,000 - £525,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer for sale this superb 1950's detached house situated on the sought after Eaton Rise Development, with excellent transport links to the City Centre and othe..."
"Guide Price £500,000- £525,000 Located on the edge of Drayton this great property is located at the end of a cul de sac and early viewing is advised to avoid missing out"
"**EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR WONDEFUL FAMILY HOME** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, FIVE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED HOUSE located to the west of Norwich close by to the University of East Anglia and City Centre itself. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge, dinin..."
A spacious penthouse apartment conveniently located for the train station and city centre.
"***PRIVATE ROAD*** This spacious 2 bedroom, 2 reception room bungalow is finished to a high standard. It also includes a generously sized kitchen, bathroom and conservatory. Set on good size mature plot this individually built detached bungalow offers spacious living .The p..."
"We'll contribute £24,500 towards your monthly mortgage payments* on The Whetherdale, a bespoke & unique 4 double bedroom home across 3 floors."
"SAVE UP TO £33,677 From the moment you walk through the door you will discover why the Holden makes the perfect family home. As you explore the ground floor you will find a study, ideal for working from home. A spacious bay-fronted living room and then onto the heart of the home. Your open-plan ..."
"*£33,677 TOWARDS YOUR HOME* The Holden makes the ideal family home. On your ground floor you will find your spacious open-plan kitchen / dining area which features a glazed-bay with French doors leading to your fully turfed rear garden. Creating the perfect space for your family gatherings. Your..."
"Bidwells presents a 4 bedroomed detached house featuring seperate dinign room, utility, study and en-suite to bedroom one and bedroom two. Call now to arrange viewing or for further infromtion about this brand new property."
"DPS Estates are delighted to offer this immaculate and exceptionally spacious two bedroom ground floor apartment. The apartment consists of a 22' Lounge dining area, modern fully equipped kitchen, master bedroom with en suite, four piece bathroom and a second double bedroom. The exterior boast a ..."
"£36,526 WORTH OF SAVINGS The Avondale is ideal for growing families. When you enter through your front door you will be presented with your spacious entrance hallway. From here you will find a handy study, spacious dual-aspect living room with French doors leading to your fully turfed rear garde..."
"£33,095 WORTH OF SAVINGS. The Avondale will make your perfect family home. From the moment you walk through the door you will be presented with a spacious, light & airy home. Your open-plan kitchen, dining room has dual aspect windows. Your family sized living room is also dual-aspect, plus Fren..."
"£33,095 worth of savings.This spacious four bedroom detached home is perfect for your growing family. You will benefit from a large open-plan kitchen with bay-fronted dining area, making it perfect for any family gathering. You'll also find your dual-aspect living room which features French door..."
"LAST REMAINING DUPLEX APARTMENT. Sitting within the west wing of the main 1914 Lodge is this fantastic apartment, offering two bedrooms and a stylish open plan first floor arrangement, luxurious bathroom suite and private courtyard garden."
"NO CHAIN. This 1930's EXTENDED detached bungalow occupies a NO-THROUGH ROAD setting just off EARLHAM ROAD. With a TREE LINED FRONT ASPECT which forms part of the Earlham Cemetery, this tucked away and GATED PLOT extends to some 175ft (stms) and is home to a WELL KEPT HOME with OPEN PLAN and LARG..."
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this outstanding modern townhouse set in a secluded cul-de-sac only a short walk to Norwich city centre and Norwich train station. The property comes with outstanding views towards Norwich Cathedral and has a single garage. In brief, the property comp..."
"Plot 163, The Dunston is an outstandingly designed and practical home, offering spacious family accommodation. A central entrance hall welcomes you into this attractive double-fronted property and opens to a dual-aspect lounge, featuring French doors to the rear garden. Across the hall is a spac..."
"Guide £475,000 - £500,000. STUNNING GOLDEN TRIANGLE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. This beautifully converted Old Dairy Building is located right in the heart of the Golden Triangle and is currently tenanted with an annual income of £36,000pa"
"*INVESTORS ONLY* William H Brown are delighted to offer this immaculate FOUR BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE in Whitlingham Hall, with two ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES, two ensuites and a private decked SUN TERRACE! Viewings are highly advised - call us today for more information!"
" An impressive detached bungalow in this sought after Non Estate position backing onto mature woodland and conveniently located for excellent local schooling, shops and amenities with links to a good road network to the Broadland Northway, Ring Road and access to the city centre as well as being..."
"***** NO CHAIN on this 4/5 BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW with a LARGE REAR GARDEN, ANNEX POTENTIAL, entertainment area with HOT TUB, located on one of the most popular roads in New Costessey. The property can also come with ALL FIXTURES & FITTINGS INCLUDED *****"
"With 4 double bedrooms and lots of downstairs living space, the Welford is perfect for growing families and has over £9,700 of options included."
"A corner plot with a generously sized rear garden, the Welford has 4 double bedrooms, a double garage & ample driveway parking and an upgraded spec worth over £5,500."
"*EXTENDED TO REAR* *SUBSTANTIAL GARDEN CABIN WITH ANNEXE POTENTIAL* *SOUGHT AFTER COSTESSEY LOCATION* *VAULTED KITCHEN EXTENSION* *NEARBY FIELDS* Enjoying a quiet position in the sought after suburb of Costessey, this extensive four bedroom detached bungalow is presented in excellent order throug..."
"Guide Price: £475,000 - £500,000. This highly desirable four bedroom home located in the popular area of Thorpe St. Andrew offers good size living space, stylish kitchen/diner perfect for entertaining, utility room and downstairs WC, four good sized bedrooms with master ensuite and fami..."
"**RARELY AVAILABLE DETACHED HOUSE ON A GOOD SIZED PLOT IN A QUIET CUL-DE-SAC** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM. DETACHED family home situated in a cul-de-sac in the highly sought after area of Eaton. Accommodation comprising large ENTRANCE PORCH, ENTRANCE HALL, S..."
"abbotFox presents this handsome three-bedroom, bay-fronted hall entrance terrace house in Norwich's popular Golden Triangle. Generously proportioned throughout and briefly comprises; an entrance hall, bay-fronted sitting room, dining room opening into a kitchen breakfast room, and ground..."
"Guide Price £475,000-£495,000-Looking out onto the field views is this fantastic example of an executive style family home"
"Guide Price £475,000 -£500,000 Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this four-bedroom detached house with huge scope for expansion, renovation and improvement (subject to the necessary building regulations/planning permission approval). Offered with no onward chain."
"*** EXECUTIVE DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITHIN PRIME RESIDENTIAL LOCATION *** Located to the South West of Norwich and within easy reach of the University of East Anglia, Norfolk and Norwich Hospital and Research Park, this extended four bedroom home is offered with no onward chain!"
***EXTENDED HALL ENTRANCE TERRACE*** Located on a sought after road within the highly regarded GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF NORWICH *** Charismatic and welcoming describe this beautiful family home which offers a wealth of original features.
"A FAMILY HOME FOR OVER 36 YEARS, but it is now time for new owner to MODERNISE and PROGRESS this UNIQUE FOUR STOREY property which extends to 1195 sq.ft (stms). Situated in the GOLDEN TRIANGLE with a LARGE LAWNED GARDEN, some of the neighbouring properties have undergone extensive modernisation,..."
"The Marylebone has a spacious open-plan kitchen/breakfast/family room with French doors opening onto the garden. This detached five-bedroom, two-bathroom family home has separate living and dining rooms, a utility room, a downstairs WC and built-in storage. Bedroom five could become a home office."
READY TO MOVE INTO NOW! Stunning two bedroom 4th floor PENTHOUSE with LARGE WRAP AROUND TERRACE offering RIVER VIEWS. Large OPEN PLAN LIVING AREA with contemporary KITCHEN WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES. Main bedroom provides EN-SUITE & FITTED WARDROBES. UNDERFLOOR HEATING & FLOORING FITTED THROUGHOUT.
**A superb four bedroom executive-style detached family home located in this popular location which lies just west of Norwich. This is a quiet close of four bedroom homes only with open driveway to front and large enclosed lawned rear garden. **
"Bidwells presents an impressive 4 bedroom detached house offering generous accommodation and features separate utility, separate dining room and off road parking. Call now to arrange your viewing."
"**PERFECTLY POSITIONED WITH DRIVEWAY PARKING** Bycroft Residential are delighted to present this perfectly positioned CORNER PLOT end terrace property which is presented to a high standard throughout and offers a mix of PERIOD FEATURES, garden areas and OFF ROAD PARKING. The property is located ..."
"Guide Price £450,000 - £475,000. NO CHAIN. Boasting accommodation approaching 1600 Sq. ft (stms), this FAMILY HOME will suit purchasers from ALL WALKS OF LIFE with scope for those who want SPACE to GROW INTO. With a ground floor STUDY/HOME OFFICE where you can tuck yourself away when w..."
"We are pleased to advertise this modern, detached, four bedroom HOPKINS BUILT family home. Located within the popular residential area of Sprowston, this property has been exceptionally well maintained by the current owners since its relatively recent construction. Occupying a favourable plot, t..."
"MODERN DETACHED HOPKINS HOME! Having been immaculately well kept, this detached family home boasts four bedrooms, with an en-suite to the main bedroom, a spacious kitchen/diner with utility room and a generous sitting room with access to the fully enclosed walled rear garden. "
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! This spacious three bedroom detached bungalow offers so much potential with scope to extend, subject to planning. The property has two reception rooms, newly installed boiler, 33'7 x 15'7 garage/workshop, wrap around garden, kitchen and bathroom. Offered with No Onward Chain. "
"DPS Estates are delighted to offer this stunning penthouse apartment. The apartment consists of an open plan Lounge/Diner area, modern fully equipped kitchen, two double bedrooms three piece bathroom and a second double bedroom. The exterior boast a private terrace courtyard garden, allocated par..."
"STUNNING DETACHED HOME! This smart extended village home offers the perfect blend of practicality and luxury. With four bedrooms, two stylish bathrooms and a gorgeous range of living accommodation that is all finished beautifully, this is a must see property in a fantastic location! "
This fantastic three bedroom semi-detached house is situated in the popular postcode of NR1 and benefits from having a generous enclosed garden and is a short walk from local amenities.
"Boasting over 1,490 sq/ft. of generous and versatile living space including a self-contained annexe, this extended bungalow offers a wealth of possibilities. Internally reconfigured to include a bay-fronted lounge with adjacent dining area, kitchen, family room, 4 bedrooms - 2 with en-suites plus..."
"This well-presented leasehold mid-terraced town house is conveniently located for amenities and road links, boasting over 1,485 sq/ft. of living spaces, full of character and charm. Accommodation includes a stylish kitchen with access to the cellar, 17'8 dual aspect lounge/diner, family bathroom,..."
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this extensive 3 bedroom detached bungalow enjoys a stunning location within a cul de sac of a sought-after and prestigious suburb of the city. Situated close to the river and water meadows, and with gardens offering a degree of privacy, the property enjoys 3 generou..."
"**WONDERFUL CITY CENTRE TOWNHOUSE WITH LOVELY VIEWS OVER THE RIVER WENSUM** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer with no onward chain this stunning, three bedroom, three storey townhouse situated in the historic location of Quayside alongside the River Wensum within close proximity to Norwich Cat..."
"***WOW FACTOR*** William's Way Estate Agents are proud to present this STUNNING FOUR BEDROOM BUNGALOW in the sought-after location of HELLESDON. This beautiful property enjoys four bedrooms, a bathroom, utility room, open-plan kitchen/living/dining area, generous rear garden and a garden room..."
"ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this period Grade II listed three bedroom end terrace house, situated in a popular location within walking distance to the City Centre of Norwich. The property retains a host of original features including sash windows, stripped wooden floors and picture rails, ..."
This Three storey terraced cottage is brimming with character from top to bottom. This quiet & quaint home is sure to impress from the minute you set eyes on it! Conveniently positioned in a sought after village be sure not to miss out on everything this unique home has to offer. T...
Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this much extended and improved five bedroom family home located in the popular village of Horsham St Faith.
"abbotFox Bespoke presents this beautiful, period building located opposite the Cathedral in Norwich's historic city centre. The building comprises of a shop with accommodation above. The shop enjoys an impressive ceiling height and excellent frontage/display. There is a rear acc..."
"**** Be quick to view this FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED CHALET in the very popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, LOUNGE & DINING ROOM, kitchen, ground floor shower room and first floor bathroom, MATURE CORNER PLOT GARDENS, driveway & garage ***** "
"This four bedroom semi detached home is located in one of Norwich's most sought after villages. Tucked away within a quiet close and offering an abundance of versatile living space including a large reception room, additional ground floor family room & three sizeable first floor bedrooms thi..."
"***IDEAL FAMILY HOME*** We are very delighted to offer this 4 bedroom detached chalet bungalow. With two large reception rooms, downstairs shower room and upstairs bathroom there really is room for the whole family. Externally the property also offers a spacious garden, dri..."
Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this five double bedroom three storey townhouse to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The property is situated in a popular development on the Old Hospital site within the City centre.
"Privately positioned, detached chalet bungalow tucked away in a quiet close. This three bedroom detached home comes is situated on a private, sizeable plot and offers potential to extend & improve. If you are looking for a home which you can put your own stamp on, then look no further! ..."
"*GUIDE OF £450,000-£475,000. Perfect for couples and investors alike! ATTIK are delighted to present this stunning apartment with spectacular panoramic views across Norwich! Boasts 3 beds, underfloor heating, modern open plan living spaces including a well-appointed kitchen, 2 amazing b..."
"This sizeable, extended four bedroom detached family home is one not to be missed! Perfectly positioned in the ever popular village of Eaton offering a wide range of shops schools and amenities on your doorstep, this location will not be topped! If you are looking for a family home which you can ..."
"***** A FIVE BEDROOM FIVE EN-SUITE student house located VERY CLOSE TO THE UEA rented at £2795PCM per month which is around 7-8% YIELD. The property has entrance hall, garden room, cloakroom, a FULLY FITTED kitchen/dining room and IS FULLY FURNISHED with TENNATS IN TILL SEPTEMBER 2025. This pro..."
"** MOVE IN NOW **The detached Sandringham house type offers a spacious living room, STUDY, DINING ROOM & WC. Kitchen features INTEGRATED KITCHEN APPLIANCES. EN SUITE and FITTED WARDROBE to main bedroom. EN SUITE to second bedroom. ALL FLOORING INCLUDED. TURF to garden. SINGLE GARAGE included."
**OPEN DAY 18TH & 19TH MARCH - OFFERS AVAILABLE!** The Sandringham features a STUDY. INTEGRATED KITCHEN APPLIANCES. EN SUITE and BUILT-IN WARDROBE to main bedroom. EN SUITE to second bedroom. FLOORING INCLUDED. TURF to rear garden. GARAGE & two parking spaces.
**OPEN DAY 18TH & 19TH MARCH - OFFERS AVAILABLE!** The Sandringham features a STUDY. INTEGRATED KITCHEN APPLIANCES. EN SUITE and BUILT-IN WARDROBE to main bedroom. EN SUITE to second bedroom. ALL FLOORING INCLUDED. EV charging point infrastructure. TURF to rear garden. Single GARAGE.
Four bedroom detached family home located on the popular Roundhouse Park in Cringleford with easy access to the A47 and A11.  Cringleford is the most affluent and popular area of Norwich conveniently located for access to Norwich City Centre. The village has unique charm with some po...
"The Thornford is a wonderful family home with 4 double bedrooms and space for entertaining family and friends. It includes over £11,500 of optional extras, including a fully integrated kitchen and shower package to the family bathroom."
"The Marlborough is a detached four-bedroom family home offering an open-plan kitchen/breakfast/family room - which has French doors to the garden - and separate living and dining rooms. There are four generous-sized bedrooms, an en suite to bedroom one, a family bathroom and plenty of storage."
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this generous and well presented Victorian hall entrance end of terrace home set only a short walk to Norwich train station and Norwich city centre. The property coms with off street parking and ample storage throughout. In brief, the property compris..."
"GUIDE PRICE £270,000-£290,000- Well loved two bedroom semi detached family home located just a stones throw away from Norwich City centre with easy travel links, hosting the perfect spaces for entertaining family and friends all year round. Benefiting from three welcoming reception room..."
"*READY TO MOVE IN NOW* SAVE UP TO £34,000. Are you ready to move into your new home now?Then look no further this beautiful 4 bedroom home is ideal for a family with a generous entrance hall, open-plan kitchen, dining, and family area featuring French doors linking indoors and out. From your ha..."
"GREAT INVESTMENT! A three storey link detached house being sold with tenants in situ on a Multi Occupancy Tenancy, currently achieving a gross yield of 8.4%"
"**GUIDE PRICE £435,000 - £450,000 EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED IN A RARELY AVAILABLE LOCATION ON AN IMPRESSIVE PLOT OF APPROXIMATELY 0.2 ACRES (STMS) ** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this STUNNING, EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED HOUSE situated in a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC on a requested road in..."
The Bamburgh is a four-bedroom detached home. The open plan kitchen/dining/family room with doors leading to the garden. There’s also a front aspect living room and downstairs WC. First floor benefits from four bedrooms - bedroom one with an en suite and walk-in wardrobe - a bathroom and a cupboard.
"Halsbury Homes are delighted to offer this exquisitely designed 4 bedroom detached new build home with garage and driveway, situated on our stunning new development at St Andrews Park. Designed by world renowned Architect Francis Terry, our homes are unique among housebuilders. "
"**Make the Move in 2023 Sales Incentive** In addition to a 5% price reduction, already applied, this plot is eligible for £1,000 a month for a whole year towards Energy Bills and/or Mortgage repayments (subject to terms and conditions). Please contact the Sales Manager for more information."
"***** NO CHAIN ON THIS STUNNING FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW located close to WOODLAND WALKS in the heart of New Costessey. The property has entrance porch & hallway, lounge, dining room, GARDEN ROOM, kitchen/breakfast room, TWO ENSUITES, family bathroom, enclosed gardens with LARGE SUN TERRAC..."
"Guide Price Of £425,000-£450,000 Immaculately presented family home with a modern finish, Minors and Brady are pleased to present to the market this five bedroom detached family home situated in the ever desirable NR6 postcode. Set over three storeys, this spacious home is ideal for not..."
"Situated in a popular and convenient location is this 4 bedroom detached family home, offering over 1,426 sq/ft. of living space. Ready for a new lease of life, the property includes a 21'10 lounge, kitchen, separate dining room plus 4 first floor bedrooms and bathroom. Outside benefits from off-..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £450,000** **SEMI DETACHED HOME CLOSE TO UNIVERSITY MAKING AN IDEAL INVESTMENT CURRENTLY RENTED AT £3060 PCM *** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this established home within easy reach of the University of East Anglia and Norfolk and Norwich hospital."
"***STUNNING FAMILY HOME*** This beautifully maintained four bedroom link detached property is ready to move into. With two reception rooms, family bathroom + ensuite to master there is no need to fight for the bathroom in the morning. This stunner also comes with off street..."
"*** Launch Event Saturday 18th March - Strictly By Appointment Only *** Guide Price £425,000 - £450,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer for sale this outstanding period mid terrace house situated on the edge of the Golden Triangle, within walking distance to the City Centre and a wide rang..."
"Guide Price £425,000 to £450,000. Situated within a leafy corner plot overlooking the communal green area and offers a double garage and ample off-road parking. Inside is a very generous interior offering five sizeable bedrooms and an en-suite to master plus two versatile reception room..."
"A superb, two bedroom loft-style apartment with stunning interiors in an iconic building."
GREAT INVESTMENT! A three storey link detached house being sold with tenants in situ on a multi occupancy tenancy. Currently achieving a gross yield of 8.2%
This immaculately presented FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the popular village of Rackheath just to the north of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home.***VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS STUNNING PROPERTY!***
"Conveniently situated for Riverside Retail Park, road links, city centre and Norwich Train Station, this mid-terraced townhouse has been extended to provide 1,490 sq/ft. of beautifully presented accommodation. The modern living spaces include a bay-fronted lounge, separate sitting room with a fea..."
"Guide Price Of £425,000-£450,000. Presented with class and elegance, is this four-bedroom family home located in the popular area of Hellesdon. Finished with bright and neutral colour schemes enhancing the natural light which flows through the property, this home boasts plenty of recept..."
"Largest Plot on the Estate - Detached house with four bedrooms, two reception rooms set in a quiet location in a spacious plot with a lovely non overlooked beautiful garden and backing onto the open Recreation Ground. Surrounded by gorgeous views to the rear with stunning trees and open space. Th..."
"GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £450,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this beautifully presented and spacious town house set in a secluded cul-de-sac in the heart of Norwich city centre. The property comes with off street parking, a single garage and a private rear garden. In b..."
"***** Be quick to view this THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE set on a VERY LARGE MATURE PLOT in the very popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has LOUNGE & DINING ROOM, kitchen, utility room, GROUND FLOOR SHOWER ROOM & FIRST FLOOR BATHROOM, TWO driveways, TWO garages and your OWN PRIV..."
*NO ONWARD CHAIN!* This immaculately presented FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the highly sought after NR7 postcode just to the east of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC PROPERTY!*
"Located in the heart of Norwich's ever popular golden triangle stands this well presented, extended semi detached home. The open plan kitchen/diner & separate lounge ensure that the living space on offer with this home is sure to impress. Homes in this location tend to sell quickly so be sure..."
"A corner plot, the Shelford has 4 double bedrooms, a dedicated home office, large kitchen dining area and single garage & 2 parking spaces. Plus, there's over £5,000 of optional upgrades included."
"A versatile family home with the potential to extend and improve upon, located just three miles north east of the capital city of Norwich in the popular suburb of Sprowston and conveniently located close to local amenities that include schooling for all ages, a recreational park, garden centre an..."
"Situated on an expansive mature plot of approx. 0.28 acres, this spacious family home offers well-presented accommodation including a 26'3 bay-fronted lounge, dining room with garden access and 3 double bedrooms; all with storage. The garden has to be seen to be believed with its multiple areas i..."
"**LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION** This well-presented three bedroom detached bungalow is the ideal family home which has been modernised throughout, boasts a large rear garden and a double garage. CALL NOW!"
"Guide Price £425,000-£450,000. NO CHAIN. This detached family home which is ENERGY EFFICIENT and DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS, offers a SPECTACULAR open plan KITCHEN/SITTING/DINING ROOM. With a built-in BREAKFAST BAR which is at the rear of this property, set under a VAULTED CEILING and four..."
***NO ONWARD CHAIN!*** This immaculately presented 4/5 BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the popular NR5 postcode just to the west of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS STUNNING PROPERTY!*
"*** Launch Event Saturday 18th March - Strictly By Appointment Only *** Guide Price £425,000 - £450,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this three bedroom hall entrance terrace house situated just off Unthank Road, within the heart of the Golden Triangle area of Norwich. The property reta..."
"Immaculately presented four bedroom link detached home quietly positioned in a requested location. Beautifully presented throughout and offering flexible living accommodation, this home is perfect for expanding families searching for a property ready to move straight into. The lounge seamlessly f..."
"Guide Price Of £425,000-£450,000. Boasting a fantastic south-facing garden with 16 solar panels featuring, Minors and Brady are thrilled to present to the market this four bedroom detached family home situated in the desirable suburb of Dussindale. The property occupies a generous plot ..."
"With a west facing garden, the Shelford has 4 double bedrooms and a large kitchen diner ideal for entertaining."
"Situated on an extremely sought-after development with excellent transport links is this incredible four-bed detached family home. The property is in need of cosmetic updating, however this is fully reflected in the extremely realistic guide price. The spacious accommodation on offer i..."
"Situated on a generous plot with naturally lit spacious rooms. Minors and Brady are pleased to present this four bedroom home located in Costessey within Norwich. Boasting an open plan kitchen/diner perfect for family living, a spacious well lit lounge, an integral garage, four sizeable bedrooms ..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £450,000** **SEMI DETACHED HOME CLOSE TO UNIVERSITY MAKING AN IDEAL INVESTMENT CURRENTLY RENTED AT £3120 PCM *** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this established home within easy reach of the University of East Anglia and Norfolk and Norwich hospital."
Four bedroom duplex apartment with delightful city views. Offered to market with no onward chain.
"abbotFox presents this extended three bedroom detached house. Situated just off the popular Low Road in Hellesdon, this home has been thoughtfully improved by the current owners to provide generous living accommodation and potential for multi-generational living. Situated within easy reach of a w..."
"ONE OF A KIND! Extended, renovated and backing directly on to woodland, this four bedroom semi detached bungalow proves a unique find! Offering an outbuilding with power, water and drainage, two bathrooms, 20ft kitchen diner and large rear garden, this property offers space upon space!"
"Enviable cul-de-sac position with a beautiful south-facing garden. This extensive four bedroom detached bungalow has been finished to a high standard throughout with a bright and airy feel. Located only a short walk from amenities, you can find a supermarket, pub, park and much more with a great ..."
"This 3/4 bedroom detached family home has been previously extended and is situated in a convenient and sought-after location. The versatile accommodation includes a 15'10 lounge, separate dining room, kitchen with garden access and study/utility area. Outside benefits from off-road parking, singl..."
"*A four bedroom detached family home located in this highly sought-after development which lies on the western fringe of Norwich, in the sought-after suburb of Costessey. This area is well-served with great local amenities and schooling, minutes from Longwater Retail Park. *"
"£28,709 worth of savings. As you enter the Shenton you are presented with your SPACIOUS entrance hall.  From here you have access to your BAY-FRONTED living room as well as your OPEN-PLAN kitchen / dining / family area. You also benefit from having French doors leading to your fully TURFED REAR ..."
"Come inside this beautifully presented property! It's hard to believe this is a semi-detached house, offering four bedrooms, flexible living, ample off road parking plus garage and beautifully tended gardens. Our vendor has found and is keen to sell!"
"The Mayfair is a detached four-bedroom home that offers an open-plan kitchen/breakfast/family room alongside separate living and dining rooms. Upstairs, the master bedroom enjoys an en suite and there’s a bright family bathroom for the other three bedrooms. Bedroom four could be used as an office."
A townhouse located within the exclusive Grade II listed Whitlingham Hall development.
"*** Guide Price £400,000 - £425,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented 1930's detached house, situated to the West of the City, within close proximity to a range of local amenities. Internally, the property is offered in fantastic order throughout, benefit..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000-£425,000***BEAUTIFUL RENOVATED HOUSE ON A GOOD SIZED PLOT OFFERING FURTHER POTENTIAL STP*** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this BEAUTIFULLY RENOVATED THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE in the heart of the ever popular suburb of Sprowston. Accommodation comprises ENTRANCE HALL..."
"Renovated throughout! A detached bungalow situated in a much requested cul-de-sac location in Drayton. The property comprises; hall entrance, three bedrooms, fitted kitchen, lounge with patio doors leading to the rear garden and a four piece family bathroom suite. Outside benefits from an enclose..."
"No Chain!! Fantastic city centre investment for any buyer. Conveniently located for the football ground, Train Station and main road links out of Norwich this attractive double bay fronted Victorian home has an attached Annexe which makes for an ideal business opportunity and off road parking."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** William's Way Estate Agents are proud to present this THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW in the sought-after location of DRAYTON. The home includes a front porch, entrance hallway, three bedrooms, bathroom, WC, living room, kitchen/dining room, conservatory, side porch, gen..."
"BEAUTIFUL HELLESDON HOME! Offering perfectly presented family sized accommodation, this Hellesdon home is must see! Arranged over three levels with four bedrooms, three reception areas, a huge garage and a study, the space on offer here just keeps on giving. Call the PL team for more information! "
"***A superb three storey, four bedroom Hopkins designed townhouse, situated in a highly desirable residential cul-de-sac location just east of Norwich City. This property is sold with no chain and boasts garage and parking. This is a true MUST-SEE!***"
This detached bungalow in the highly regarded village of Cringleford is sure to prove popular. Tucked away in a quiet and peaceful setting with a host of local amenities on your doorstep this home is one not to miss. As you approach the bungalow you are immediately greeted by a sizeable and well ...
An extended six bedroom student let/HMO which is currently achieving £2200 PCM (excluding bills) and being situated uniquely virtually opposite the UEA.
"***GUIDE PRICE £400,000-£425,000 - AN ELEVATED HALL ENTRANCE TERRACE HOME IN PROMINENT POSITION ON FAVOURED GOLDEN TRIANGLE STREET*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this handsome family home offered to the market with no onward chain"
A truly outstanding 1940's bay-fronted four/five bedroomed semi-detached house situated in the heart of Norwich's most favoured suburban locations.
"***BAY FRONTED SEMI ON REQUESTED ROAD OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WONDERFUL, 1930's SEMI detached house is situated on one of the most highly sought after areas of Norwich with accommodation comprising entrance hall, BAY FRONTED sitting room, 18' OPEN..."
"Plot 160, The Carleton is an impressive and well-designed three bedroom detached house offering versatility and space, plus two parking spaces. On the ground floor, there´s an entrance lobby, cloakroom, spacious lounge with bay window and that vital important kitchen/diner for modern livin..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £400,000 TO £410,000 **EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY CURRENTLY ACHIEVING £2720PCM** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this LARGE, SEVEN BEDROOM, THREE STOREY TOWNHOUSE located to the west of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, bedroom and WC to th..."
An impressive duplex penthouse apartment with three outside terraces which enjoy views of the River Yare and city skyline.
"*** Launch Event Saturday 11th March - Strictly By Appointment Only *** Guide Price £400,000 - £425,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this four bedroom detached family home situated down a private cul-de-sac within the popular South-West suburb of Eaton. The property benefits from an ope..."
"***A superb three storey, four bedroom Hopkins designed townhouse, situated in a highly desirable residential cul-de-sac location just east of Norwich City. This property is sold with no chain and boasts garage and parking. This is a true MUST-SEE! *** Council Tax - D "
"If you have been in search of a generous sized four-bedroom family home or a property with potential for a self-contained annexe, then your search stops at this impressive and deceptively spacious semi-detached house. Situated in an extremely sought-after location, this amazing property offers co..."
"This SEMI-DETACHED HOME with ANNEXE/HOME OFFICE has been in the family for almost 70 years and WHY WOULD YOU MOVE, with schooling on the doorstep, SPROWSTON LIBRARY, RECREATION GROUND in walking distance and only a short drive from AMENITIES. The MUCH LOVED home is in need of MODERNISING which wi..."
"*** Guide Price £400,000 - £425,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this double fronted corner Victorian terrace house situated within the popular Golden Triangle area of Norwich. The property offers a host of original features and benefits from gas central heating and double glazing. The ..."
This top floor duplex apartment located in the heart of Norwich city centre is one not to be missed! Centrally located with a host of amenities on your doorstep convenient living wont get better than this. Located on the top floor offering an attractive outlook this home is perfect for modern liv...
TWO in ONE: Presenting the Oppertunity for: EXTENDED INDEPENDENT FAMILY LIVING or HOME and WORK POTENTIAL or HOME plus RENTAL INCOME Presenting the chance to acquire this Unique property filled with Character offering a Lovely Home with an ideal opportunity to generate separate rental incom...
"**EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY VERY CLOSE BY TO THE UNIVERSITY** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDEND, SIX BEDROOM, end terrace house situated on a corner plot within walking distance to the University of East Anglia with accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HALL, THREE BEDROOMS, ..."
EXTENDED FAMILY HOME within close proximity of the University of East Anglia offering flexible accommodation ideal for a family or buy to let investor.
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000. Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this beautiful three bedroom detached house which has been renovated to a high standard."
Heaton Property is delighted to introduce this rare opportunity to buy a most desirable and elegant Grade Listed city centre apartment which is located on one of the most historic and iconic streets in Norwich. ***A 360-degree virtual tour is available*** <...
"**MID TERRACE IN NEED OF MODERNISATION THROUGHOUT** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this THREE BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE located in the popular Heartsease estate to the North/East of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge and kitchen/diner to the ground floor. On the first ..."
"LAUNCH EVENT, SATURDAY 18TH MARCH, 10AM TO 12.30PM, STRICTLY BY APPOINTMENT ONLY. GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000. A three storey, three bedroom semi detached townhouse built by a small independent builder, this stunning and luxurious home has been significantly upgraded by its owners"
"DETACHED FAMILY HOME! A previous four bed, this three-bedroom detached house sits on a long plot and offers both practical and spacious living accommodation. Located in the popular Norwich suburb of Old Catton, this family home offers three bedrooms, two reception rooms, three toilets and a garage! "
"Plot 202, The Barnham offers a contemporary, sleek and stylish look with an abundance of family-friendly living space over three floors. Once inside, the entrance hall with cloakroom opens into the generous open plan living space, offering storage beneath the stairs and double doors to the rear ..."
"A well-presented three bedroom detached bungalow with a 18'3"" lounge, fully fitted outbuilding, conservatory, bathroom and shower room, garage and driveway parking. Early viewings essential!"
"**CHARACTER HOUSE** This three bedroom detached family house has much of its original character and benefiting from a popular location in the heart of Sprowston, two reception rooms, integral garage and ample off road parking. Early viewings essential!"
"*ENJOY 3 YEARS FREE MOTORING WHEN YOU PURCHASE THIS APARTMENT* A sixth floor, two bedroom contemporary apartment located within the thriving city centre, just a short stroll from amazing restaurants and shops."
Three bedroom homely and well-presented townhouse with accommodation on three floors in easy reach of city centre being on Fellowes Plain development. Complete with garage and parking it is sure to be popular so early viewing is recommended. No onward chain is an added bonus!
"Plot 154, The Barnham offers a contemporary, sleek and stylish look with an abundance of family-friendly living space over three floors. Once inside, the entrance hall with cloakroom opens into the generous open plan living space, offering storage beneath the stairs and double doors to the rear..."
" This modern detached four bedroomed two storey house with three receptions rooms benefits from no onward chain offers space aplenty with versatile accommodation and a larger than average rear garden with a good degree of privacy, enjoying a popular location on the Dussindale development, set wi..."
"A four bedroom detached family home in need of some updating. The property is situated on a corner plot and benefits from double glazing, gas central heating, off road parking and garage."
The Kentdale is the perfect choice for families with 4 bedrooms and lots of downstairs living space. Ask us about the offers available.
"VENDOR HAS FOUND** Be quick to view this stunning FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED CHALET BUNGALOW offering very spacious accommodation AROUND 1808 SQ FT to include OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM with exposed double sided WOOD BURNER opening into lounge with views over SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN, luxury b..."
"Guide Price Range: £450,000 to £500,000 A fabulously rare opportunity to buy a 3 Bedroom Maisonette situated in a spectacular Grade II Listed Georgian Building in the beautiful and historic City of Norwich with the property located in the very heart of the City Centre. "
"*FOR SALE BY MODERN AUCTION* This well located hall entrance END TERRACE HOUSE is currently let as a six bedroom house of multiple occupation. Arranged over four levels, with four bathrooms and parking too, the property offers a rare opportunity to invest in a very popular location. "
"Perfectly designed for families, Minors and Brady are thrilled to present this four/five bedroom detached house situated in the sought after town of Thorpe St. Andrew. Offering a space to work from home on the ground floor which could also be utilised as bedroom five plus a further four bedrooms ..."
"We'll pay your Stamp Duty!* The 4 bedroom Midford includes over £8,900 of optional extras & there's further savings as we'll pay your Stamp Duty too!* Let us take care of it."
"SIMPLY STUNNNING! This dazzling detached bungalow has been lovingly extended and improved to offer a quality range of family sized accommodation, arranged on one level. There are three bedrooms, a stylish kitchen - dining room, a gorgeous living room and a high spec contemporary bathroom. "
"Surrounded by picturesque scenery, this property offers you the chance to move to a city centre location at the foot of St Giles-on-the-Hill for the best our fine city of Norwich has to offer. Create your own story inspired by history, culture, and beauty."
"With a west facing rear garden, the 4 bedroom Midford boasts a sociable kitchen diner with useful utility room for laundry."
"This 1150 Sq ft (stms) detached house offers a SIZEABLE TERRACED GARDEN and LARGE tandem GARAGE. With a VERSATILE 4 or 5 BEDROOM LAYOUT, the property offers HUGE POTENTIAL for OPEN PLAN LIVING, with OPTIONS to EXTEND or convert the GARAGE (stp). The hall entrance includes the stairs, with doors..."
"Plot 161, The Carleton is an impressive and well-designed three bedroom semi-detached house offering versatility and space, plus two parking spaces. On the ground floor, there´s an entrance lobby, cloakroom, spacious lounge with bay window and that vital important kitchen/diner for modern ..."
"DETACHED FAMILY HOUSE LOCATED IN EATON WITH ENTRANCE HALL, LIVING ROOM, GARDEN ROOM, KITCHEN, GROUND FLOOR CLOAKROOM, BATHROOM, 3 BEDROOMS, GARAGE, GARDEN, GAS FIRED CENTRAL HEATING, DOUBLE GLAZING AND NO ONWARD CHAIN "
*NEARING COMPLETION ** Recently extended and meticulously renovated this stunning 2/3 bedroom semi detached chalet is nearing the final stages of completion.
"***** Be quick to view this EXTENDED TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE located in the very popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has KITCHEN/DINING ROOM, lounge, first floor bathroom, enclosed rear garden, DRIVEWAY & GARAGE ***** "
"Guide Price OF £385,000-£400,000 Turn key bungalow within walking distance to local amenities. This beautiful three bedroom bungalow is located in the highly sought-after suburb of Thorpe St. Andrew with only a short walk to local amenities such as a supermarket, parks, post office, a r..."
"WELL PRESENTED OVER THE PASSAGE END OF TERRACE HALL ENTRANCE HOUSE LOCATED IN THE HEART OF THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE WITH ENTRANCE HALL, SITTING ROOM, DINING ROOM, MODERN FITTED KITCHEN, 3 BEDROOMS AND BATHROOM OFF LANDING, GFCH, DOUBLE GLAZING AND GARDEN"
"Guide Price £385,000-£400,000. EXTENDED and modernised with a CONTEMPORARY FLAIR! This well positioned FAMILY HOME has a WONDERFUL OPEN PLAN SPACE to the rear which is truly something to behold and is only a short distance from SCHOOLING, amenities and NORWICH CITY CENTRE. The accommoda..."
"**LARGE DOUBLE STOREY EXTENSION** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer with NO ONWARD CHAIN this MODERN, EXTENDED, FOUR BEDROOM, DETACHED house located in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC in the popular Dussindale estate. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, modern fitted kitchen, lounge, dining room, conse..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £380,000 - £390,000 SIMPLY INCREDIBLE DETACHED FAMILY HOME** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTREMELY WELL PRESENTED, FOUR BEDOOM, MODERN, DETACHED FAMILY HOME situated in the highly sought after Dussindale Estate to the east of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £380'000-£400'000. SEFFTONS offer CHAIN FREE this FULLY RENOVATED, UPDATED and EXTENDED family home. With GENEROUS ACCOMODATION THROUGHOUT, a ground floor W.C and ENVIABLE LOCATION, viewing is a must. With EXTENDED OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING/DAY ROOM opening to the rear garden via BI-FO..."
This well presented FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the sought after village of Thorpe St Andrew just to the east of Norwich City Centre and would make a fantastic family home.***VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS GREAT PROPERTY!***
"Being Sold by YOPA Online Auction. Starting Bids from £380,000. Buy it now option available. Please call or visit YOPA Online Auctions for more information. Large property in need of modernisation, with high ceilings, open plan living, sash windows with wooden shutters and a generous size cellar."
"abbotFox presents this chain-free, detached family home. Situated within the sought after residential area of Drayton, this home represents an ideal opportunity for any growing family. With the current layout comprising, an inviting entrance hall, reception room, downstairs bedroom, with en-suite..."
"£28,442 WORTH OF SAVINGS. The Ingleby is a traditional style family home. Off your entrance hall you will find your spacious living room along with your WC. To the back of the home you then have your large open-plan kitchen/dining/family area which benefits from French doors leading to your full..."
"£28,442 WORTH OF SAVINGS. The Ingleby could be your brand-new traditional style four bedroom detached home, perfect for families. Your home benefits from an open-plan kitchen / dining / family area with handy utility cupboard and French doors leading to your fully turfed rear garden. You then ha..."
"** £600 A MONTH TOWARDS YOUR MORTGAGE & BILLS FOR A YEAR! ** The Cavendish is a town house with a GARDEN ROOM, a UTILITY ROOM & a kitchen featuring INTEGRATED APPLIANCES & JULIET BALCONY. The spacious living room features a BAY WINDOW. The main bedroom includes FITTED WARDROBES & EN SUITE."
"A versatile four bedroom home set over three floors. On the ground floor you'll find the kitchen with space for a breakfast table. There's also an open plan lounge with dining area and French doors to the garden. The first floor has two double bedrooms, a single bedroom and a family bathroom. On ..."
"£28,241 WORTH OF SAVINGS. Discover why the Ingleby could be your perfect family home. You will benefit from an open-plan kitchen, dining, family area with French doors linking to your fully turfed garden. Giving you the ideal family entertaining space. You then have a separate spacious living ro..."
"DPS Estates are delighted to offer this stunning first floor apartment. The apartment consists of an open plan Lounge/Diner area, modern fully equipped kitchen, two double bedrooms three piece bathroom and a second double bedroom. The exterior boast a private terrace courtyard garden, allocated p..."
"This three bedroom terrace home is a real must see! Immaculately presented throughout with a stylish feel, this home is perfectly located for everything Norwich city centre has to offer. With Norwich train station just a stones throw away, this home would be ideal for any potential purchasers loo..."
"**GUIDE £375,000 - £400,000**An opportunity to acquire a sizeable plot with a blank canvas to create your dream family home. Located in the popular postcode of NR3 with only a 10 minute drive to the city centre where you can find an abundance of amenities. Independent shops, restaurants..."
***QUALITY LOCATION WITHIN A SHORT DISTANCE OF THE UNIVERSITY*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this FIVE BEDROOM student let being sold with tenants in situ rented at £2500 PCM. Viewing is highly recommended.
***MUST SEE FAMILY HOME*** William's Way Estate Agents are proud to offer this FOUR BEDROOM BUNGALOW. The property features fantastic vaulted ceilings and is set in a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought after location of OLD CATTON. The current owners have extended the property and offers a great ...
This well presented THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the popular NR1 postcode just to the east of Norwich city centre and would make a perfect family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC PROPERTY!*
"Located on a tree lined road within Norwich's highly regarded Golden Triangle sits this period home that offers original features, landscaped garden and prominent position close to the city centre and local amenities."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this former bakery that has been fully converted to a residential property and offers a wealth of character throughout, providing flexible and versatile accommodation benefiting from; high ceilings and is well-presented throughout."
"Conveniently located for city access and road links, this family home has undergone internal modifications creating wonderful living spaces. Updates include rewiring, a stunning updated kitchen with some integrated appliances and a modern bathroom upstairs. With 3 good-sized bedrooms and plannin..."
"*** Launch Event Saturday 11th March - Strictly By Appointment Only *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this well presented semi detached house situated in a popular residential location to the South West of Norwich. The property is conveniently located within walking distance to Eaton Park, l..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000 - POTENTIAL TO RUN YOUR BUSINESS FROM HOME IN PROMINENT WEST CITY LOCATION*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this established semi detached home with larger than average plot and 29'11"" x 18'8"" workshop."
"Fabulously spacious new modern family home with four bedrooms, two reception rooms and sunny south facing garden. Built by Persimmon in 2016, this is one of the larger properties on the estate and perfect for a growing family. Low maintenance and low cost running expenses for this modern new buil..."
"Guide Price £375,000-£400,000 Tucked way in RURAL NORFOLK but just off the BROADLAND NORTHWAY (NDR), this link-detached home forms part of RACKHEATH PARK - a SELECT GATED COMMUNITY with OPEN VIEWS and a TUCKED AWAY SETTING which is perfect as a second home or for those looking for a RET..."
"Price Guide - £375,000 - £400,000 Located in the heart of the city centre with views overlooking the picturesque Chapelfield Gardens with their timber bandstand, pavilion and tree lined walkways, this unique Georgian Grade II listed town house offers a rare opportunity to acquire a..."
"abbotFox presents this stylish extended, semi-detached house. Situated within easy reach of Norwich City centre, the train station and a wealth of local amenities at the Riverside development, this home represents an ideal opportunity for any buyer looking to enjoy City living. Occupyin..."
Moneyproperties are delighted to bring to market this immaculately presented three-bedroom semi-detached house on a popular housing development within ease of access to Norwich City Centre and all its amenities. This spacious and modern home benefits from 9 years remaining on the builders warr...
"*** Guide Price £375,000 - £400,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer a rare opportunity to purchase this unusual central town house, situated within the heart of Norwich. Accessed through an arch into its leafy courtyard garden, the property is a hidden secret behind the charming city stre..."
"Situated on the popular Dussindale development east of Norwich and within easy reach of Dussindale school and local amenities, providing good road links to the A47 and A11. This spacious four bedroom family house benefits from a re-fitted kitchen with built in appliances, spacious lounge, separa..."
"Charming family home in the centre of the picturesque city of Norwich, benefiting from all amenities in walking distance. Boasting four double bedrooms, one ensuite, stylish fitted kitchen, two welcoming reception rooms for hosting, along with the characterful living area with an original bakery ..."
Three bedroom detached bungalow situated in the popular village of Hellesdon with a larger than average south facing rear garden. Early viewing are essential not to miss out on this fantastic property!
"ATTIK are delighted to present this characterful & spacious 3 double bed mid-terrace house, close to the train station & city centre. Accommodation over 3 floors includes 2 reception rooms, a kitchen with separate utility, bathroom & g/f wc, along with an enclosed private garden to th..."
"Offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Providing flexible accommodation, SEFFTONS present this EXTENDED FIVE BEDROOM CHALET BUNGALOW. Enviably located with a wealth of local amenities, as well as good transport links to Norwich City centre. Further benefiting from a range of workshops and a Summer House, ..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** ***GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000*** Being sold with the tenant to remain in situ is this four bedroom detached bungalow. With double garage, spacious lounge, two shower rooms and open plan kitchen/breakfast room there is plenty of roo..."
***HALL ENTRANCE TERRACE HOME WITH SIDE RETURN KITCHEN EXTENSION*** William H Brown are pleased to offer this handsome home located within the Golden Triangle and offered with no onward chain.
"****WOW FACTOR**** Prepare to fall in love with this beautiful detached spacious home situated on a prestigious corner plot in the ever popular suburb of Costessey. Offering room for all the family with a light and airy lounge, open plan kitchen/diner, four bedrooms and family bathroom ..."
"***William H Brown are proud to present this extremely well-presented three bedroom townhouse which was built in 2017 and is located in a sought-after development in the popular NR3 postcode of Norwich, to the north of the city, with fantastic transport links, close to shops and great schooling. ***"
Located with convenient access to local schools and amenities and offering over 2200 square feet of accommodation is this hugely impressive four/five bedroom detached family home. This superb property offers versatile living and has been a much-loved family home for many years. The acc...
"£29,020 WORTH OF SAVINGSThis four bedroom home has a light and spacious kitchen with French doors opening onto the garden. On the ground floor there is also a fourth bedroom, perfect for using as a study if you work from home.On the first floor you'll find the en suite main bedroom and lounge...."
"A spacious four bedroom detached family house which has many extra features including a newly fitted white gloss kitchen with quality marble work surfaces and ceramic flooring. There is a spacious lounge with views to the un-overlooked rear garden, a sizeable dining room and ground floor cloakro..."
"LOW MAINTENANCE BUNGALOW! This modern three bedroom bungalow is presented beautifully and includes a modern fitted kitchen, spacious lounge/diner, refitted shower room, entrance hall, gated driveway, garage with power and lighting and a landscaped garden."
A well positioned four bedroom detached family home over looking the green
"Guide Price £365,000 - £375,000. MOTIVATED VENDOR. Boasting recently REFURBISHED accommodation, this DETACHED HOME is READY TO MOVE IN. With a FLEXIBLE LAYOUT to be used as a THREE or FOUR BEDROOM HOME, the spacious accommodation is laid out to allow for a ground floor bedroom if requi..."
"abbotFox presents this ideal family home. Occupying a secluded position within the popular Hampden View development in Costessey, this home overlooks the nearby green, and is ideally situated within easy reach of the nearby play area, and a wealth of local amenities. Accommodation comprises; entr..."
"abbotFox presents this spacious three bedroom semi-detached house. Situated within a desirable South City location, this home affords a convenience hard to match. With a variety of local amenities and Norwich City Centre within easy reach, this is the perfect opportunity for any young family or p..."
"Guide Price £365,000 - £375,000. VENDOR HAS FOUND! Arranged over three floors, this IMPRESSIVE HOPKINS built TOWN HOUSE is IMMACULATELY PRESENTED and offers accommodation in the region of 1500 sq ft (stms) with FIVE BEDROOMS, THREE BATHROOMS, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS and a utility room - all..."
"PERFECT POSITION, HANDSOME HOME! Well positioned within the ever popular Hampden View development, this detached family home offers four bedrooms with en-suite to master, kitchen diner, utility room, downstairs WC and garage! DO NOT MISS OUT!"
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** William's Way Estate Agents are proud to offer this FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED CHALET in the sought after location of COSTESSEY. The property offers entrance hallway, living room, kitchen, dining room, study, bathroom, four bedrooms, generous rear garden, off-road parking, ga..."
"Period Property upper floor flat with arranged over two floors with two bedrooms. A Grade II listed stunningly beautiful home bursting with original features, charm and character. If you are looking to enjoy City centre living and appreciate a Period property steeped in history complete with rho..."
"*A truly outstanding extensively extended and fully refurbished, five/six bedroom unique semi-detached house located within walking distance of Norwich's UEA and hospital, on the western fringe of Norwich. *"
"Situated on the CITY BOUNDARIES, this 1060+ Sq ft (stms) DETACHED BUNGALOW offers an UPDATED INTERIOR including a REPLACEMENT KITCHEN and FAMILY BATHROOM. With RE-WIRING, the central heating boiler being serviced and the ADDITION OF a WARM ROOF to the CONSERVATORY - the property really is easy t..."
"**EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITHIN VERY CLOSE PROXIMITY TO THE UNIVERSITY** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED HOUSE situated on a GOOD SIZED PLOT to the west of Norwich close by to the University of East Anglia. Accommodation compr..."
"The Chester is a four bedroom detached home featuring a spacious OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with FRENCH DOORS leading out to the rear garden. A brilliant space to entertain friends and family. A spacious living room completes the ground floor.Upstairs, you will find the main bedroom with EN S..."
"The Lumley is a four-bedroom home featuring an open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading into the garden. There's also a utility room, living room, handy storage and a cloakroom. The first floor has three bedrooms, one with an en suite. The top floor bedroom also has an en suite."
Halsbury Homes are delighted to offer this exquisitely designed 3 bedroom semi detached home with garage. Currently under construction this home is built to an exceptional standard and attention to detail. With classical style and part of an elegant collection these homes are a rare find.
The Ashley is a detached DOUBLE FRONTED HOME. Featuring FRENCH DOORS to a TURFED garden from living room. DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM. Fitted wardrobes and EN SUITE to main bedroom. INTEGRATED APPLIANCES to kitchen and FLOORING INCLUDED. Ample storage space. Sold with a SINGLE GARAGE and 2 parking spaces.
"Incredibly stylish family home, one of a kind with characterful features seamlessly blended into the interior. This deceptively spacious three bedroom home has been fully renovated to a high standard to create bright open plan living spaces, contemporary kitchen with integrated appliances, stylis..."
"2016 BUILT SPROWSTON HOME! Detached, three bedroom 2016 built family home offering a spacious kitchen diner, utility room, en-suite to master, downstairs WC, garage and driveway! "
"***GUIDE PRICE £350,000-£375,000 - HALL ENTRANCE ON POPULAR ROAD IN NR2*** William H Brown are pleased to present to the market this well presented home offering flexible accommodation being offered to the market with no onward chain!"
"ATTIK are delighted to present this fully renovated & modernised family home with ample parking & gardens for all. Comprising 3 bedrooms, 2 generous reception rooms, gorgeous fitted kitchen, stylish bathroom & a sizeable entrance hall/porch, with space for pets and/or prams etc. Call ..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000** **SEMI DETACHED HOME CLOSE TO UNIVERSITY MAKING AN IDEAL INVESTMENT CURRENTLY RENTED AT £2475 PCM *** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this established home within easy reach of the University of East Anglia and Norfolk and Norwich hospital."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** William's Way Estate Agents are proud to present this FOUR-BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW in the sought-after location of DRAYTON. The property offers four bedrooms, a bathroom, kitchen, living/dining room and rear garden. The home also benefits from a garage, off-road parkin..."
"**NEWLY RENOVATED** This three bedroom semi-detached bungalow has been renovated throughout to a high standard with a newly fitted kitchen, new gas central heating system and has ample off road parking alongside a garage. The property is being sold with no onward chain. Early viewings essential!"
"***** NO CHAIN on this MODERN FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE overlooking GREEN AREA on the popular Hampden View development in New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, lounge, KITCHEN/DINING ROOM, utility room, bathroom, en-suite, enclosed gardens, DRIVEWAY & GARAGE ***** "
"STYLISH CITY LIVING! This luxurious duplex apartment offers fantastic accommodation, with river views, in a prime city location. With three double bedrooms, two bathrooms, a further WC and a spacious open plan kitchen - living - dining space, this property feels every inch, the stylish city home. "
"Minors & Brady are proud to bring to market this fully renovated semi-detached family home in the prime NR7 location of Thorpe St. Andrew. Boasting ample family living across a stylish lounge, a modern and bright kitchen/diner, a handy utility room, classy family bathroom and two well sized b..."
"**NO CHAIN - MOVE STRAIGHT IN**
An immaculately presented 3 bedroom home decorated in a contemporary style throughout. This end terrace leasehold (940 years remaining) property overlooks beautiful gardens situated in a much sought-after postcode area of Norwich. This 3 bedroom family home is..."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000. Bright and airy feel throughout housing ample family living space. Minors and Brady are pleased to present to market this modern three bedroom semi-detached house in the popular location of Sprowston. Boasting beautiful presentation, this house holds a s..."
"Enviably located on a larger than average plot and extended, this GENEROUS family home provides spacious and flexible accommodation with FOUR BEDROOMS and TWO RECEPTION ROOMS as well as a GROUND FLOOR W.C and UPDATED first floor Bathroom. Ideally located for local schools, amenities and offering ..."
"**DETACHED BUNGALOW ON A GOOD SIXZED PLOT OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, THREE BEDOOM, DETACHED BUNGALOW located to the west of Norwich on a HIGHLY REQUESTED ROAD. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, conservatory, thre..."
"Perfect for families with beautiful views over the park. This stunning four bedroom townhouse is located only a short walk from the city centre, with local amenities only a short walk away. You can enjoy tasteful interior, a prime position in front of the park with beautiful views, garage and off..."
*NO ONWARD CHAIN!* This immaculately presented THREE BEDROOM DETACHED CHALET is situated in the popular NR8 postcode to the west of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS LOVELY CHALET BUNGALOW!*
"Immaculate, recently renovated bungalow within the sought after postal code of NR7, benefiting from all amenities nearby. Boasting two bright double bedrooms, four piece family washroom, stunning fitted kitchen and utility room, with the generous living area for relaxing and hosting. The expansiv..."
"FANTASTIC FAMILY SIZE HOUSE. This detached family sized home is in a prime position, backing onto the local school playing field. The property offers both a lounge and dining room, as well as a conservatory, ground floor WC and four generous bedrooms, a garage and a South - West facing rear garden!"
"Be quick to view this incredibly spacious six bedroom detached house. Situated in a sought-after location, the property is offered with no onward chain and is guaranteed to attract lots of interest. The accommodation on offer includes an entrance hall with W.C, a 20ft lounge with separ..."
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this spacious three bedroom detached bungalow set only a short distance to Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital and Norwich Research Park. The accommodation is arranged to provide entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, three bedrooms, bathroom and c..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN. Located on the highly sought after Thunder Lane in the much requested suburb of Thorpe St Andrew, this three bedroom semi detached house has been meticulously renovated by renowned and well respected local developers."
Extremely well-presented three bedroom end-terraced house which has been modernised throughout and has been extended by the current vendors. Call us today to not miss out on this stunning property!
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000. BEAUTIFUL PRIVATE REAR GARDEN. Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this three bedroom, semi detached property located in Hellesdon."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this well presented and spacious hall entrance Victorian terrace set over three floors and situated only a short walk to Norwich train station and Riverside Retail Park. The property comes with no onward chai..."
A superb and exceptionally spacious four bedroom detached family home situated in a quiet tucked away cul-de-sac location within a sought-after area close to Norwich's UEA and hospital.
Located on a sought-after modern development with convenient access to schools for all ages and a range of local amenities as well as offering excellent transport links is this spacious and well-presented four bedroom detached family home. Overlooking a picturesque communal green area this superb...
"abbotFox presents this spacious detached house. An ideal opportunity for any growing family or buy-to-let investor, this home is generously proportioned and occupies a prime position within easy reach of a variety of local amenities, the University and the Hospital. Accommodation comprises; invit..."
"A spacious and well-presented detached house sitting on a large plot in a quiet, tucked away no-through road location, with long driveway and impressive oversized garage."
"Situated in a sought-after location, off Newmarket Road, is this 4 bedroom property overlooking shared gardens. Accommodation includes an L-shaped lounge/diner with garden access, kitchen and bathroom plus 4 bedrooms, 3 of which are doubles. Outside benefits from a low maintenance garden and en-b..."
*VENDOR HAS FOUND!* This amazing FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE is tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac on the south side of Norwich. The property would make a great family home or for anyone looking to upsize. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC PROPERTY!*
"abbotFox presents this detached family home. Situated within a prime position, with nearby woodlands, and a wealth of local amenities, this home represents an ideal opportunity for any young family looking to upsize. Accommodation is arranged over three floors, and offers an inviting entrance hal..."
"SPACIOUS INSIDE & OUT! With four bedrooms, two bathrooms, a large living room, utility room and of course an extended kitchen dining room, this Spixworth home is certainly family sized. The flexible accommodation is complimented further by the generous lawned rear garden and ample parking. "
"***** Be quick on is this THREE BEDROOM DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW located in the popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility room, bathroom, GOOD SIZE MATURE GARDENS, large driveway & detached garage ***** "
"Guide Price £350,000-£375,000-This three double bedroom bungalow is situated within the heart of the well sought after location of Sprowston"
No Chain - Stunning Semi in Sprowston - A lovely semi-detached 1930's built house with three bedrooms and two bedrooms and beautiful south west facing garden. This family home has been carefully maintained and impressively improved to create a spotless house with an immaculate garden. The garde...
A traditional 1950's four bedroom semi-detached house situated just off of Wilberforce Road in a highly sought-after location within walking distance of Norwich's UEA and N&N Hospital.
"**MODERN MID TERRACE HOUSE IN A TUCKED AWAY LOCATION IN NR3** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this well presented, two bedroom, mid terrace house located in the quiet cul-de-sac to the north of the city with accommodation comprising: entrance hall, lounge, kitchen and conservatory to the gro..."
"If you have been in search of a spacious and well-presented property, then look no further than this extended three bedroom detached bungalow in the sought-after north Norwich suburb of Old Catton. This property is guaranteed to impress from the moment you step inside, and with a realistic asking..."
"SOUTH FACING GARDEN! This spacious bungalow, in need of some TLC, offers three double bedrooms, three reception rooms, kitchen, bathroom, driveway and brilliantly sized south facing rear garden. The plot offers so much potential with options to extend rearwards and upwards (Subject to planning)."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000. Websters Estate Agents Are delighted to offer this beautifully presented and spacious hall entrance Victorian home set in the heart of Norwich's highly coveted Golden Triangle. The property comes with no onward chain and generous south facing rear garde..."
"A stunning, contemporary, sleek and stylish brand new executive family home with flexible living space over three floors. One of only four houses on this exclusive development reserve your future home today for only £500. Two parking spaces, gardens and super energy efficient. "
"A stunning, contemporary, sleek and stylish brand new executive family home with flexible living space over three floors. One of only four houses on this exclusive development reserve your future home today for only £500. Two parking spaces, gardens and super energy efficient."
"Guide Price £350,000 - £375,000. NO ONWARD CHAIN. Positioned within WALKING DISTANCE to Norwich City Centre, this HALL ENTRANCE terraced home has THREE BEDROOMS and FAMILY BATHROOM OFF LANDING. With RENOVATED accommodation including an updated and CONTEMPORARY DECOR, the property has b..."
"***FANTASTIC GARDEN - VENDOR FOUND ONWARD PURCHASE*** £350,000-£360,000 William's Way Estate Agents are proud to present this FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE in the sought-after location of DRAYTON. The property offers a living/dining room, kitchen, shower room, bathroom, WC, four be..."
"**TUCKED AWAY IN A SMALL PRIVATE DEVELOPMENT** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this stunning, three bedroom, modern detached house located in a quiet position to the west of Norwich with accommodation comprising entrance hall, spacious 25' open plan lounge/diner, modern kitchen and WC to th..."
"Pymm & Co are delighted to offer a selection of 14 unique properties from studio apartments to a three story townhouse, all set within the historical building of Bignold House, once forming part of the Norwich Union empire which is synonymous with Norwich and its rich business history."
"RENOVATED AND REFURBISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD… This semi detached family home has undergone an extensive programme, which has included reconfiguring the layout, updating the electrics, installing a new gas combi boiler, UPVC double glazing, a new fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, new bath..."
"EXTENDED VILLAGE HOME! This extended detached house offers flexible family sized accommodation, in a prime village location. With two large reception rooms and four bedrooms, as well as a garage and garden, this property is a must see! The property is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN. "
"***** Be quick to view this FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE located in the popular suburb of Chapel Break BACKING OPEN FIELDS. The property has entrance hall, cloakroom, LOUNGE & DINING ROOM, kitchen, bathroom, en-suite, PARKING & GARAGE ***** "
"Guide Price: £350,000-£375,000. Located centrally to city amenities and wonderful countryside walks, is this detached three bedroom bungalow. Inside you'll find a modern and neutral interior ready for new owners to enjoy straight away, a fitted Howdens kitchen, two ensuites, family bath..."
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this rarely available and superbly renovated two bedroom ground floor apartment, located within an impressive corner plot in one of the city's most highly sought after areas, just a short walk from the City Centre. The double bay fronted property bene..."
"This bungalow located in the ever popular village of Eaton is sure to prove popular. Tucked away in a quiet close within close reach of a host of local shops, schools & amenities is ideal for those looking for a home which is ready to move into straight away. As you approach the bungalow you ..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 - A BEAUTIFUL END TERRACED CONVERSION LOCATED IN PRIME RESIDENTIAL LOCATION*** William H Brown are pleased to present to the market this individual home that offers well balanced accommodation and two parking spaces with EV CHARGING POINT"
This well-maintained six bedroom hall entrance mid-townhouse is situated in the popular NR3 postcode within short walking distance of Norwich city centre and train station. The property would make a fantastic investment or family home.
"Guide Price Of £350,000-£375,000. Bright and stylish home located in the sought after location of Spixworth, just five miles away from Norwich City centre. Boasting three sizeable bedrooms, welcoming lounge, versatile gym/office and open plan kitchen/diner creating the perfect space for..."
"*NO ONWARD CHAIN!* This recently refurbished THREE BEDROOM VICTORIAN HALL ENTRANCE PROPERTY is located in one of Thorpe Hamlets most popular locations, Beatrice Road is a pretty tree lined avenue which lies on the edge of Norwich city centre."
"This 3 bedroom semi-detached bungalow is located in the sought after area of Sprowston with access to a variety of amenities and transport links. The property benefits from open plan living, large driveway to the front with carport and access to the garage with a generous size garden to the rear."
Located just a short walk from the university with sizeable bedrooms and off-road parking. A great opportunity to acquire a fantastic property suited for either an investment or for residential purposes. This semi-detached five bedroom property (with an additional study) benefits from bright and...
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a Grade II Listed character two bedroom end-terrace property situated in the highly sought-after city centre of Norwich, with great access to amenities and train station."
"**GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000** **SEMI DETACHED HOME CLOSE TO UNIVERSITY MAKING AN IDEAL INVESTMENT CURRENTLY RENTED AT £2450 PCM *** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this established home within easy reach of the University of East Anglia and Norfolk and Norwich hospital."
"GUIDE £350,000 to £375,000. Be quick to view this extended detached bungalow, set on a good size mature plot, in the ever popular village of SPIXWORTH. The property has been extended to offer three bedrooms, a family bathroom, WC, a kitchen - dining room and a generous living room. "
"**GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 OVER PASSAGE GRADE II LISTED TERRACE OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this SUBSTANTIAL, HALL ENTRANCE, OVER PASSAGE, THREE BEDROOM MID TERRACE HOUSE located in the highly sought after NR3 area of Norwich WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE ..."
"Ready to move into and with optional extras included worth over £7,200, The Easedale is a 3 bedroom home ideally suited to first time buyers or young families."
"An attractive period style home from the exterior but inside, it's a contemporary new home. High quality, low maintenance, energy efficient home. Fabulous kitchen & appliances. Exceptional specification inc. underfloor heating. 3 double beds. Gardens. Garage. Village location. 5 miles to Norwich."
"£345,000-Are you looking for a property within easy reach of the City and the NDR? This is the perfect family home for you"
The Kennett is the ideal home for your growing family. Designed over three floors with modern living in mind. You will have a spacious living room and open-plan kitchen / dining area which benefits from French doors leading to your fully turfed rear garden. On your first floor are two double be...
"£25,230 WORTH OF SAVINGS. The Kennett could be your perfect family home. Generously laid out over three floors, ideal for modern flexible living. Starting at the top, you will find your luxury principal bedroom. Benefiting from both an en suite and dressing area, making it the perfect sanctuary ..."
"*** Guide Price £340,000 - £350,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this extended three bedroom semi detached house with driveway parking for several cars, situated in a popular NR2 West City location. The property is offered in good order throughout, boasting an extended open plan living..."
"**EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW IN THE HIGHLY DESIRABLE THORPE ST ANDREW** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, semi detached bungalow located in the sought after suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HALL, OPEN PLAN LOUNGE/K..."
"Guide Price £340,000 - £350,000. NO CHAIN. Occupying a position SET BACK FROM THE ROAD this MODERNISED and WELL MAINTAINED home offers a SUBSTANTIAL PARKING AREA to front with secure gates leading to additional parking. The accommodation comprises a HALL ENTRANCE, leading to a BAY FRONT..."
"The conveniently located three bedroom end of terrace home is ideal for any growing family. With an abundance of space & a real must see kitchen/diner, this home is sure to impress. Conveniently located within a stones throw of a host of local amenities including shops, schools, doctors and m..."
*Launch day Saturday 25th March. Strictly by appointment only* Detached four bedroom residence located in the popular suburb of Old Catton.
"The Wilton is a four-bedroom home with a ground-floor bedroom/study with French doors to the garden, WC, utility room and storage cupboard. The first floor has open-plan kitchen/dining/living space. Three bedrooms are on the second floor, one is en-suite, with a bathroom and more built-in storage."
"The 3 bedroom Yewdale features a sociable kitchen diner and space to work from home and includes an upgraded specification worth over £7,000."
"Guide Price £340,000-£360,000. DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION positioned near the NNUH & UEA for those needing a short walk to a place of work or study, and the A47 or A11 for a longer commute by car or bus. This property would be an excellent INVESTMENT as a standard let or wit..."
"***** A STUNNING THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE located down a private Road in the popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, KITCHEN/DINING ROOM, garden room, family bathroom , MATURE GARDENS WITH DETACHED OUT BUILDING currently used as a gym with WC,..."
"£27,079 WORTH OF SAVINGS The Lutterworth is a spacious three bedroom semi-detached home in a great CORNER PLOT location. Perfectly designed to be bright with FLEXIBLE areas for modern family living. It benefits from an OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with French doors leading to your rear GARDEN. ..."
"£27,079 worth of savingsThe Lutterworth is a SPACIOUS three bedroom semi-detached home in a great CORNER PLOT location. Perfectly designed to be bright with flexible areas for modern family living. It benefits from an OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with French doors leading to your rear garden.  ..."
"We are pleased to present this four-bedroom detached property located in Norwich. The property consists of – Sitting room, Kitchen/Dining room, Study, Four bedrooms, Shower room, Bathroom and a Garage. This property offers spacious family accommodation arranged over two floors. ..."
This three bedroom semi-detached house with a self-contained one bedroom annex is situated in the popular postcode of NR6 and would make for a fantastic family home. Viewings are highly recommended. Please call us now to register your interest.
A three bedroom semi detached house in Thorpe St Andrew. With off road parking and large private garden. At the rear of the property is a large cabin suitable for home office.
"The Maidstone is a three bedroom end terrace home. Featuring a generous living room leading to a spacious OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area and FRENCH DOORS leading to an enclosed fully TURFED rear garden. Meaning indoors and out flow seamlessly. Upstairs, there are three bedrooms with an EN SUITE ..."
"FULLY FURNISHED & READY TO MOVE INTO! Plot 66 is a stunning apartment on the 2nd floor of the Pullman Building benefitting from OPEN PLAN LIVING AREA, Fully fitted kitchen with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, UNDERFLOOR HEATING. This new home provides 802 SQFT of contemporary living space with LIFT access."
"FULLY FURNISHED CITY CENTRE APARTMENT. Located on the second floor, this two double bedroom apartment offers contemporary accommodation and wonderful views while being just a short walk from popular restaurants and bars."
"The Maidstone is a three bedroom mid terrace home featuring a generous living room leading to a spacious OPEN-PLAN kitchen with dining area and FRENCH DOORS leading to an enclosed fully turfed rear garden.Upstairs, there are three bedrooms with an en suite to the main bedroom as well as a family..."
"**CHARACTER HOUSE** This three bedroom detached house boasts a large living space, large wrap round enclosed rear garden, conservatory, garage and driveway parking. Early viewings essential!"
"abbotFox presents this deceptively spacious, 1930's home. Offering an immediate sense of light and space upon entering the property, this home offers an ideal opportunity for any young family or professional couple. Situated in the heart of the sought after residential area of Thorpe St Andrew, t..."
"This elegant apartment is finished to the highest of standards and offers the very best in luxury living. Set within a converted building with an abundance of history and enviously positioned in the heart of Norwich city centre. The accommodation comprises of entrance hall, three bedroom..."
"READY TO MOVE INTO- Beautiful apartment minutes from Norwich city centre, providing UNDERFLOOR HEATING, lift access to all floors, FULLY FITTED KITCHEN with integrated APPLIANCES, Flooring fitted throughout and PRIVATE BALCONY. Arrange a viewing today!"
CONTEMPORARY FIRST FLOOR CITY CENTRE APARTMENT offering two bedrooms and wonderful open plan living with balcony.
NO ONWARD CHAIN. A semi detached family home located within the much requested suburb of Thorpe St Andrew.
This well presented THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW is situated in the popular NR6 postcode just to the North of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home.*VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC BUNGALOW!*
Situated in a tucked away cul de sac position with a corner plot garden and convenient access to a range of handy amenities is this extended and extremely spacious four-bedroom end terrace house. This superb property is in immaculate condition throughout and is perfect for a growing family. ...
"This 4 bedroom end-terraced townhouse with carport driveway parking is situated on a popular modern development, conveniently situated for the local primary school, UEA, NNUH and Norwich Research Park. Offering over 1,260 sq/ft. of family accommodation across 3 floors including a 21'10 max. open ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £335,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this light and spacious loft-style apartment set only a short walk to Norwich city centre and Norwich train station. The property comes with no onward chain and a secure allocated parking space. In brief, the..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** This three bedroom linked-detached home was built by Hopkin Homes in 2017 with a newly fitted Wrens kitchen, enclosed rear garden with hot tub, garage, carport and driveway parking. Early viewings essential!"
"A Contemporary 3 bedroom family home built and finished to a high specification with a modern open plan kitchen dining room perfect for entertaining. The ground floor has underfloor heating throughout , the kitchen is finished off with beautiful high gloss units and integrated appliances with..."
" An opportunity to purchase an older style semi-detached bay fronted house set on this ever popular non estate location within the sought after suburb of Thorpe St. Andrew with its excellent local schooling, shops, amenities & good direct access to Norwich's City Centre, the Ring Road, A47 South..."
"William H Brown are pleased to present this well-presented 4 bedroom semi detached chalet bungalow. The property would make the perfect family home with ample living space including lounge, sitting/diner/play room, kitchen and bathroom along with a detached garage, driveway and garden!"
"GUIDE PRICE OF £325,000 - £350,000. Minors & Brady are delighted to bring to market this extended and modernised three bedroom home in the popular area of Thorpe St. Andrew. On a peaceful plot, the property boasts living across a well sized lounge, a modern kitchen/diner, a family r..."
"abbotFox presents this spacious, extended, semi-detached house. Located within a quiet close, in the sought-after residential area of Sprowston, this home is an ideal opportunity for any growing family. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, lounge diner, kitchen, conservatory and shower room to..."
"*** Launch Event Saturday 4th March - Strictly By Appointment Only *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this newly renovated three bedroom semi detached house situated in the popular Golden Triangle area of Norwich, within a stones throw of the City Centre. The property benefits from a newly fi..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a city centre Grade II listed character apartment that has the added benefits of private parking and wonderful features throughout.
"Investment Opportunity. This 6 Bedroom HMO is currently achieving £36,180 per annum, generating a yield of over 11% per annum. All rooms currently rented with no voids in the last 12 months. The property is available as a hand off investment with the"
"Guide Price Of £325,000-£350,000. Spacious bungalow located just a 15 minute bike ride away from Norwich city centre, creating the ideal family home. Benefiting from three double bedrooms, two family washrooms, fitted kitchen and utility room, along with the open plan living area with a..."
"If you have been in search of a spacious property with an established garden, then this three-bedroom detached bungalow in an extremely sought-after location may just be the one you are looking for. The substantial accommodation on offer includes an 18ft dual aspect lounge with bay win..."
"Guide Price £230,000-£250,000. Minors & Brady are pleased to present this three bedroom mid terrace family home located in Heartsease, providing a fantastic opportunity for first time buyers to really put their own stamp on their first home. The property offers a separate lounge, di..."
"abbotFox Bespoke presents this beautiful, period apartment enviably located opposite the Cathedral in Norwich's historic city centre. Accommodation is arranged over three 1/2 floors and briefly comprises; entrance hall with stairs to the first floor which provides a WC, generous kitchen ..."
"This bright, rustic and modern home offers two bedrooms; both with feature fireplaces and beautiful tall windows, with the opportunity to convert the loft into a third bedroom (building regulations required). This home has a subtle contemporary feel throughout, however still boasts an habitual el..."
"If you have been in search of a spacious bungalow with a large garden, then look at this well-appointed 2-bedroom detached bungalow located on a popular road on the edge of Hellesdon. This already extended property requires modernisation making it the perfect property to put you own stamp on to m..."
"Guide Price £325,000 to £350,000. Detached bungalow with three bedrooms, set in a good sized plot in great location near to all essential amenities, bus routes, and transport routes. This property has been well maintained to the the highest standards over the years by the same owne..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000 EXTENDED THREE STOREY HOUSE HIDDEN AWAY ON A MODERN ESTATE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, FOUR BEDROOM, semi detached house tucked away over looking the woodland in the sought after suburb of Old Catton. Accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HA..."
"**OVERLOOKING THE PARK** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this well presented, three bedroom, three storey townhouse located on a modern estate in the sought after suburb of Cringleford. Accommodation comprises entrance hall, kitchen/diner and WC to the ground floor. On the first floor there ..."
"abbotFox presents this ready-to-go, fully compliant student house within a short walk of the University of East Anglia complete with tenants. Six double bedrooms with beds, desks, wardrobes and various storage solutions included. The kitchen is newly installed and features two ovens and..."
"Situated in one of Hellesdon’s most sought-after locations is this deceptively spacious 4 bedroom detached chalet style house. With no onward chain and a realistic guide price, this superb property is set to be extremely popular, and an early viewing is highly recommended. The sp..."
"Guide Price £325,000-A rare opportunity to acquire an extended semi-detached bungalow in this sought after residential location of Thorpe St Andrews"
"ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this three bedroom end townhouse situated on a private development just off Newmarket Road, within easy access to a range of local amenities and transport links in to the City Centre of Norwich. The property is offered for sale with no onward chain and benefits ..."
"Guide Price £325,000-£340,000. MOTIVATED VENDOR! THE PERFECT BLEND of CHARACTER and MODERN FINISHES can be found in this SPECTACULAR HOME which has SCOPE TO EXTEND (stp). Spaces to entertain have been created in and outside of this property, as an example, the SITTING ROOM has a cosy ..."
Built by the well-renowned ‘Norfolk Homes’ and located on a popular modern development is this striking three-bedroom semi-detached home offered with no onward chain. This stunning property is well-presented with spacious accommodation which includes a 14ft lounge and 16ft...
"Guide Price Of £325,000-£350,000. Beautifully presented three bedroom link detached home situated within the popular location of Sprowston. This turn-key condition home has been completed with a sophisticated and stylish finish throughout making it the ideal home for a modern day family..."
"Located in the sought-after north Norwich suburb of Old Catton, with convenient access to local amenities and schools is this well-presented three-bedroom detached house. The property is adjacent to a well-renowned doctors’ surgery as well being close to bus stop and green areas which are i..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** This three bedroom detached house boasts a 23'7"" lounge/diner, integral garage and driveway parking and would make the ideal family home. Early viewings essential!"
"NO CHAIN. Mid-terrace home boasting OVER 1250 Sq. ft (stms) of accommodation, with STUNNING VIEWS over the NORWICH SKYLINE. The CATHEDRAL is in view throughout the WINTER MONTHS and hidden behind greenery throughout the spring and summer. Given its position you can wander into the CITY CENTRE wi..."
"GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this well presented and spacious first floor Over 70's retirement apartment in this highly sought after McCarthy & Stone development to the south-west of Norwich. Only a short walk to Eaton with various a..."
"A three bedroom extended semi detached house with possibility to extend further. The property offers flexible accommodation with home office, games room and large garden."
**CHAIN FREE** This elegant apartment is finished to the highest of standards and offers the very best in luxury living. Set within a converted building with an abundance of history and enviously positioned in the heart of Norwich city centre. The accommodation comprises of entrance hall...
"GUIDE PRICE OF £325,000 - £350,000. Sold with no onward chain. Situated in Laundry Lane, a desirable area within Thorpe St Andrew is this detached 3 bedroom bungalow fronted by an extensive driveway and lawn garden. Whilst inside you will find full central heating and replacement double..."
"Stylish family home boasting the perfect living areas for hosting all year round, within the ever sought after postal code of NR7. Benefiting from three double bedrooms, stunning fitted kitchen and utility room, two family washrooms and three bright reception rooms, including the bright conservat..."
"***** Be quick to view this well presented THREE BEDROOM OFF LANDING HALL ENTRANCE END TERRACE HOUSE located in the very popular Thorpe Hamlet area east of Norwich. The property has entrance hall, lounge/dining room, kitchen, ground floor bathroom and ENCLOSED PRIVATE REAR GARDEN ***** "
"GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this well presented and extended bay fronted Victorian terrace set in the heart of Norwich's Golden Triangle. The property has a generous south-facing rear garden and ample storage throughout. In brief, the p..."
"ATTIK are delighted to present this stunning, extended & beautifully modernised townhouse in a very popular riverside area, close to the railway station & city centre. With 3 double bedrooms & 2 reception rooms, & a spectacular master & ensuite with views from all parts of the..."
"YOU NEED TO LOOK INSIDE THIS PROPERTY... We are delighted to offer this two bedroom hall entrance bay fronted terrace situated just to the South of the City Centre. The property benefits from an entrance hall, a refitted kitchen, dining room, bay fronted sitting room and a cloakroom/utility on th..."
"***** NO CHAIN on this THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW set in a NICE PRIVATE SETTING just North of Norwich. The property is in INTERNALLY IMMACULATE CONDITION and offers accommodation to include OPEN KITCHEN/FAMILY ROOM, shower room, cloakroom, MATURE WRAP AROUND GARDENS, driveway and DETACHED G..."
This immaculately presented FOUR BEDROOM LINK-DETACHED PROPERTY is situated in the popular NR5 postcode just to the west of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home. ***VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS GREAT PROPERTY!***
"GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this beautifully presented semi-detached home that has been modernised throughout and is set in the highly sought after area of Thorpe St Andrew east of Norwich city centre. The property comes with off street..."
"ENERGY EFFICIENT HOME with 5.32kW SOLAR PANELS and a BATTERY for storing additional energy! OVERLOOKING green space and a play area, this THREE BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE is semi-detached with OVER 1100 Sq. ft (stms) of spacious accommodation. Built by HOPKINS with a 'mock' Georgian style including SASH W..."
"abbotFox Land & New Homes presents this impressive three bedroom semi detached new build home in the popular suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation briefly comprises; a spacious reception hall, cloakroom, lounge dining room with French doors out onto the rear garden and a stunning ki..."
Located on a sought-after private road in the picturesque north Norwich suburb of Old Catton is this unique and extremely impressive four-bedroom Victorian semi-detached family home. At first glance it is hard to believe that the property offers over 1200 square feet of accommodation....
"Situated in a sought-after location close to local shops and schools is this well-presented three-bedroom semi-detached house. With a realistic asking price and properties in this part of Hellesdon being in constant demand, we expect lots of interest, so an early enquiry is highly recommended."
"PRETTY CHARACTER COTTAGE! Offering three bedrooms, modern kitchen/diner, as well as a spacious living room, this characterful cottage is both pretty and practical! There is off street parking, gas fired central heating, UPVC double glazing and a compact enclosed rear garden. This is a must see!"
"**EXTENDED CHALET BUNGALOW ON A LARGE PLOT IN THE SOUGHT AFTER SUBURB OF THORPE ST ANDREW** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED CHALET BUNGALOW located in the highly requested suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation comprising entranc..."
"abbotFox presents this impressive, stylish townhouse within close proximity of Norwich city centre and conveniently positioned within the heart of NR3 close to Urban Lounge, Kofra Coffee shop and the renowned Fat Cat Brewery as well as a Tesco Metro. The accommodation briefly comprises;..."
"Guide Price: £325,000-£350,000. Sold with no onward chain! Located within the popular north area of Norwich city centre is this private, detached bungalow offering enclosed gardens with a detached garage. Homes like this are very popular due to it's proximity to the city whilst being ab..."
"Prime position in the sought-after village of Cringleford. Guide Price £325,000-£350,000 This beautifully presented townhouse offers a bright and airy feel with a wealth of space to be enjoyed. You can find three double bedrooms, open plan kitchen and dining room, first floor lounge wit..."
"Family home located in the highly sought after location of Dussindale. The property includes a recently fitted fully integrated high end kitchen with double fridge freezer, washer dryer, steam oven and integrated dishwasher. The current owners have completely redecorated the house and recently fi..."
The 3 bedroom Crofton is suitable for modern lifestyles offering flexible living across 3 storeys. Get in touch today about the offers we have available.
"With its own private driveway, the 3 bedroom Crofton offers flexible living across 3 storeys."
"Enjoy your outdoor space in this 3 bedroom Yewdale, which has over £5,000 of optional extras included."
"Conveniently located within walking distance to local amenities, stands this beautifully presented three bedroom detached bungalow. Filled with natural light and spacious both inside & out, with parking for several cars, a single garage and a private garden to the rear. Call the team now to v..."
"Situated in a cul de sac position in the sough-after North Norwich suburb of Old Catton is this well-presented three bedroom detached house. Located in close proximity to local shops, schools and picturesque parks and green spaces, this property is sure to be extremely popular. The acc..."
"***** Be quick to view this FOUR BEDROOM LINK DETACHED HOUSE located on the popular Hampden View development in New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, KITCHEN/DINING ROOM, bathroom, en-suite, ENCLOSED GARDENS, driveway & garage ***** "
"**GUIDE £325,000 - £350,000** A Grade II Listed 3 double bedroom maisonette requiring work to transform it into a comfortable spacious home in a very desirable historic part of the City centre. Overlooking St Giles on the Hill Church to the rear, this property is offered for sale with n..."
"Guide Price: £325,000-£350,000. Minors & Brady are pleased to present this exquisite four bedroom, two bathroom family home located in the ever popular area of Hellesdon. Stretching across three levels, this home provides beautiful interior throughout with a stylish kitchen/diner, a..."
"ATTIK are delighted to present this superb first time buy or investment, semi-detached 3 bedroom house with an integral garage, off-road parking & generous gardens. With great potential to extend and improve throughout. Call the team now to view."
"If you have been in search of a spacious property with a private and established garden, then this three-bedroom detached bungalow in an extremely sought-after location is guaranteed to impress. This deceptively spacious home requires modernisation making it the perfect property to truly make you..."
"Full description ACCOMMODATION. Part glazed front door COMPRISES ENTRANCE HALL Tiled floor to : LOUNGE 12’x12.3” ( 3.71m x 3.73m) PVCu double glazed window to front aspect, feature cast iron fireplace with tiled returns and ornate timber surround, tiled hearth, power point..."
***A superb 1930's three bedroom semi-detached house situated on a stunning double plot in this highly rated and well-regarded tree-lined north city avenue. ***
"Offered with No Onward Chain is this beautifully presented 2 bedroom first floor leasehold apartment, part of a purpose-built McCarthy and Stone retirement development for the over 70´s. Within easy reach of local amenities and transport links, the property enjoys 2 bedrooms, including one w..."
"This semi-detached bungalow located in Thorpe St Andrew, is offered to market with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Occupying a generous plot backing onto woodland, parking for multiple vehicles and a conservatory overlooking the well maintained garden. Offering the potential to easily reconfigure, creating a th..."
"Enjoy the best of modern living in this popular three-bedroom home which benefits from a stylish open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors leading into the garden. The Hatfield's bright front aspect living room, separate utility room, handy storage cupboard and downstairs WC make this a great home."
** £600 a MONTH TOWARDS YOUR MORTGAGE & BILLS FOR A YEAR! ** The Welney is a popular house type and features FRENCH DOORS to the garden from living room. FITTED WARDROBE and EN SUITE to main bedroom. INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and FLOORING INCLUDED. Sold with a SINGLE GARAGE & two parking spaces.
"MOTIVATED VENDOR. Boasting accommodation presented in IMMACULATE ORDER arranged over THREE FLOORS on the outskirts of NORWICH, this semi-detached townhouse is STILL UNDER NHBC warranty and has a DECEPTIVE CORNER PLOT which has been landscaped and a RAISED DECK added creating a wonderful ENTERTAI..."
"An attractive, semi-detached property in a convenient city centre location, offering spacious and characterful accommodation including two double bedrooms, shower room, two reception rooms and kitchen. The enclosed garden has been landscaped and there is an outbuilding for storage."
"Be quick to view this FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE set down a private road in the popular village of Old Costessey. The property has entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, CONSERVATORY, bathroom and shower room, attic room, ENCLOSED GARDENS BACKING FIELDS and good size driveway ***** "
"abbotFox presents this stylish, three bedroom townhouse. Situated within the popular residential area of Sprowston, this is an ideal opportunity for any young family, and affords easy access to a wealth of local amenities. Accommodation is spread over three floors, with the ground floor comprisin..."
Standing on a corner plot this Three Bedroom Town House is one you do not want to miss!
"**GUIDE PRICE £315,000 - £325,000** THREE STOREY TERRACE IN THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE WITH EXTENDED KITCHEN AND NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, THREE STOREY TERRACE HOUSE located on a sought after road in the PRESTIGIOUS GOLDEN TRIANG..."
"The Piccadilly is a popular three-bedroom family home with an integral garage and an open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading to the garden. There’s a separate living room and a handy WC. Upstairs, bedroom one is en-suite and the other two bedrooms share the family bathroom."
"Move straight in to this 2-3 bedroom semi-detached bungalow in Thorpe St Andrew, freshly decorated throughout, versatile accommodation, conservatory, enclosed rear garden, parking and all with NO ONWARD CHAIN!,"
"GUIDE PRICE: £315,000 - £325,000 **HIGH QUALITY FULLY RENOVATED DETACHED BUNGALOW OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this SUPERB, FULLY RENOVATED, TWO BEDROOM, DETACHED BUNGALOW situated in the ever-popular suburb of Old Catton. Accommodation comprises ENTRANCE HA..."
"The 3 bedroom Gosford is coming soon to Hampden View, so register your interest today. This home boasts a single garage & driveway parking."
"Minors & Brady are pleased to present this three bedroom detached bungalow situated in a peaceful area of Norwich. Offering a large and bright living space, a fully fitted kitchen, three well sized bedrooms and a shower room/wet room. The front of the property benefits from a driveway with am..."
"**WONDERFUL TAYLOR WIMPEY BUILT MODERN TOWNHOUSE WITH OFF ROAD PARKING** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, SPACIOUS, THREE BEDROOM, THREE STOREY END TOWNHOUSE situated on a MODERN ESTATE in the popular suburb of Sprowston. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge/din..."
An extended three-bedroom semi-detached house in a popular area with a long rear garden. This property is offered for sale with no onward chain.
"Strike is pleased to present this property in the sought after area of the Golden triangle. recently refurbished throught to inclue new kicthen,bathroom and ensuite. New Windows and doors, rewired makeing this a move property. Perfect for a first time buyer or as investment property. Garden to re..."
"If you are looking for a quality brand new home with classical style, elegant proportions and exceptional attention to detail, look no further than a home here at St Andrews Park.VISIT US NOW at St Andrews Park sales suite and view our show home. "
Offering an opportunity to purchase a deceptively spacious three bedroom semi detached bungalow that offers extended accommodation and presented to the market in excellent order throughout.
"**WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE CITY CENTRE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer with no onward chain this well presented, two bedroom, mid terrace house located to the south of Norwich within walking distance to the City Centre. Accommodation comprises lounge, dining room and kitchen to the g..."
"Spacious 1ST FLOOR apartment offering- Fully fitted KITCHEN with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, FLOORING FITTED THROUGHOUT, UNDERFLOOR HEATING, Main bedroom with EN-SUITE & FITTED WARDROBES, LIFT ACCESS. *READY TO MOVE INTO NOW*"
"The Rufford is a three-bedroom family home. The open-plan kitchen/dining room has French doors leading into the garden. The front porch, inner hallway, downstairs cloakroom and cupboard take care of everyday storage. This home also has an en suite to bedroom one, family bathroom and integral garage."
"For Sale by Modern Method of Auction (T&Cs apply). View, Bid and Buy this two bedroom semi-detached house with 18'4"" lounge, carport and driveway, outbuildings fully equipt with power and light. The property is being sold with no onward chain. Early viewings essential!"
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY... This over the passage city terrace has been renovated and modernised to a high standard and is currently let on a room by room basis, with each room commanding £500 per calendar month, plus a split of the utility bills. The works undertaken include, a new gas fired cent..."
"*An impressive three bedroom detached chalet-style house located on a sought-after residential road which lies just off of Norwich Road, in the equally sought-after west-City suburb of Costessey. *"
"Homeworks are pleased to bring to the market this WELL-PRESENTED FOUR BEDROOM HOUSE with 15'6 LOUNGE/DINER, 12'4 KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM, WC, 20'6 MASTER BEDROOM WITH EN-SUITE & DRESSING AREA. Outside offers ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN, GARAGE & OFF-ROAD PARKING. ** GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000 **"
"Prepared to be impressed by the spacious three bedroom semi detached home. Located in the ever popular village of Eaton this home is immaculately presented and ideal for those looking for a home ready to move into immediately. The open plan living space is ideal for modern day living, making this..."
Situated in a cul de sac location with convenient access to local amenities and schools for all ages is this extended three/four bedroom semi detached house. The ground floor accommodation on offer includes a striking 22ft open plan kitchen/family with a part vaulted ceiling and patio...
"**GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000 OFFERED TO INVESTORS ONLY CURRENTLY ACHIEVING £2290PCM** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, FOUR BEDROOMS, END TOWNHOUSE tucked away in the highly popular NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprises ENTRANCE HALL, BEDROOM, UTILITY ROOM and..."
"Guide Price £300,000-£325,000. NO CHAIN. This DETACHED BUNGALOW is situated on a LARGER THAN AVERAGE PLOT with fantastic gardens to FRONT and a smaller REAR GARDEN. With some scope to RE-MODEL, update, EXTEND or even CONVERT THE LOFT SPACE (stp) - this is a RARE FIND. Upon entering you ..."
"PERFECT FAMILY HOME! ***GUIDE PRICE £300,000-£325,000*** This modern three bedroomed extended detached house with accommodation comprising of porch, ground floor cloakroom, lounge, dining room and fitted kitchen with three bedrooms and bathroom off landing. "
"***A superb and exceptionally spacious three bedroom, three storey maisonette situated in a secure and select, gated development which lies just off Princes Street (Tombland), in one of Norwich's most historic locations. ***"
"This recently renovated three-bedroom semi-detached bungalow in the sought after suburb of Sprowston could be the home you are looking for. There are two double bedrooms, one being bay fronted and one single bedroom with an open plan lounge/dining room that leads through to the conservatory givin..."
"Situated in the suburb of Sprowston is this recently renovated semi-detached three-bedroom family home. Boasting three great-sized bedrooms two of which are doubles, a beautifully presented kitchen with a breakfast bar, family sized living room, a flooded with natural light conservatory, a modern..."
***CURRENTLY RENTED WITH TENANTS IN SITU - RENTED FOR 2022/2023 ACADEMIC YEAR*** Four bedrooms rented out for £1880 pcm with rental increasing to £2020 pcm.
"VENDOR HAS FOUND ***** A well presented THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE in the popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, LOUNGE & DINING ROOM, fitted kitchen, cloakroom, FIRST FLOOR OFFICE, bathroom, low maintenance rear garden, DRIVEWAY & GARAGE ***** "
"GUIDE PRICE OF £300,000 - £325,000. Immaculate family home benefiting from local amenities all nearby and easy access to Norwich City centre. Boasting accommodation spread over three storeys offering, four bright bedrooms, master ensuite, versatile snug, welcoming living room with featu..."
"Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this superb investment opportunity located in the sought after area of Thorpe Hamlet which is within comfortable walking distance of the railway station, Mousehold Heath and local amenities."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! This three bedroom semi detached home in the popular Broadland village of SPIXWORTH is extended to offer sitting room, kitchen diner, bathroom, separate shower room, ample driveway and generous garden. Offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN, this property has tons of potential. "
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** ***GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000*** This beautifully maintained Penthouse apartment is ideal for City living or London commuters. With open large rooms, floor to ceiling bifolding doors and sliding/tilt floor to ceiling windows this p..."
"Quietly positioned & immaculately presented three bedroom detached home, located within a quiet close in the ever popular village of Thorpe St. Andrew. With a host of local amenities including schools, parks & shops with easy access into Norwich this home is sure to prove popular. "
"Guide Price £300,000-£315,000. This semi-detached home is CLOSE to the UEA, Sportspark and the NNUH. With SCOPE TO EXTEND (stp), REMODEL or update. The property suits a WIDE RANGE OF BUYERS and could be used as a primary residence to fully enjoy the GARDENS and entertaining areas, STUD..."
"A well-presented and spacious, 1940's white rendered semi-detached house situated in this quiet residential location which lies west of Norwich city centre."
"abbotFox presents this exceptional three bedroom detached bungalow in the popular suburb of Hellesdon. Newly renovated with a stunning kitchen complete with integrated appliances, a newly fitted bathroom suite, it's been re wired, re decorated and fitted with new flooring throughout. "
"This sizeable three bedroom semi detached bungalow offers endless amounts of potential, ideal for those looking to put their own stamp on a property. Situated on a quiet road within the ever popular village of Thorpe St Andrew this home is sure to prove popular. As you approach the property you a..."
"Guide Price £300,000 - £325,000: Recently renovated and extended family home boasting the stunning contemporary interior, located within the sought after village of Horsham St. Faith. Benefiting from three sizeable bedrooms, three piece family bathroom, fitted kitchen with fitted applia..."
"GUIDE PRICE £300,000-£310,000 Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this much improved two bedroom semi detached bungalow on the highly sought after Gordon Avenue in the popular suburb of Thorpe St Andrew."
"A wonderfully unique and bespoke two bedroom (with mezzanine), mews-style cottage situated in a secure tucked away location just off this highly sought-after central city street."
"If you have been in search of a spacious bungalow with a large garden, then look at this well-appointed 3-bedroom detached bungalow located on a popular road on the edge of Hellesdon. The property requires some modernisation making it the ideal property to put you own stamp on and make it your dr..."
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this purpose-built, modern leasehold retirement apartment is situated within the popular McCarthy and Stone complex in Eaton. This attractive and well-designed 2 bedroom top floor apartment features a 17'2 dual aspect lounge/diner with balcony, stylish kitchen and we..."
"This semi-detached bungalow is in the sought after Norwich suburb of Sprowston and boast 3 bedrooms, utility room, modern recently installed kitchen and conservatory."
"***IMMACULATE HOME*** William's Way Estate Agents are proud to present this well presented THREE-BEDROOM HOUSE in the sought-after location of HELLESDON. The property offers an open plan living/dining/kitchen area, three bedrooms, bathroom, half converted garage with office, south facing rear..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** This three bedroom hall entrance, all beds and bathroom off landing terrace house is a rarity to find on the market. With two great sized reception rooms, larger than average kitchen and non-bisected garden this makes for a perfect family home. Lo..."
"If you have been in search of a period property and are looking for a project, then look no further than this amazing 4-bedroom mid terrace home located in the sought-after north Norwich suburb of Old Catton. With over 1500 square feet of accommodation, this impressive chain free property has so ..."
"Guide Price £300,000-£325,000- Would you like to live in the Golden Triangle in a fully renovated two bedroom terrace?"
"Will this home be your valentine this year? Fantastic Incentives if reserved by 28th February - Enquire Now! Narrows Place has been designed to appeal to all looking to enjoy the city lifestyle, with a taste of the Norfolk Broads! It comprises of 27 high specification apartment, all with balcon..."
"**Guide £300,000 - £325,000** CASH BUYERS ONLY A rare opportunity to acquire a mid terraced house, converted many years ago to ground and first floor one bedroom flats, with potential to convert back to a single dwelling house. CHAIN FREE.
"
"**END TERRACE HOUSE WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE UNIVERISTY** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, END TERRACE HOUSE located to the west of Norwich close by to the University of East Anglia. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, utility roo..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £300,000-£325,000*** ***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** Are you looking for a family home? Then we have the property for you. With three bedrooms, two reception rooms, spacious kitchen and modern bathroom there is room for all the family. Externally..."
"NO CHAIN. Located in the SOUGHT AFTER NR2 location of the city, this END TERRACE BAY FRONTED VICTORIAN home has plenty to offer! With a front garden leading to TWO CHARACTERFUL RECEPTION ROOMS, with the front one benefiting from a BAY WINDOW and FEATURE FIREPLACE, there is then a galley style kit..."
"****VENDOR HAS FOUND so be quick to view this immaculate TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW which is located in the popular suburb of Hellesdon set down a private drive. The property has an hallway, kitchen diner , lounge , 2 bedrooms , main bathroom and off road parking and detached garage and A MATU..."
"New to the market is this modern 2 bedroom flat in a prime central Norwich location, with riverside shopping and restaurants on your doorstep and only a quick stroll into the city center and Carrow Road, you would be pushed to find a better-located home."
"Enviably located and with ANNEXE POTENTIAL is this CHAIN FREE and EXTENDED semi-detached bungalow. With generous and flexible accommodation, early viewing is highly recommended. Accommodation comprises; 26ft Living and dining room, three double bedrooms, generous bathroom, extended kitchen that o..."
"***** Be quick to view this THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW in NEED OF UPDATING set on a VERY LARGE MATURE PLOT in the very popular suburb of New Costessey. The property offers SO MUCH POTENTIAL and has entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/breakfast room, shower room, bathroom, driveway, garage and NO..."
"GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this light and spacious hall entrance Victorian terrace set in a secluded road within Norwich's highly coveted Golden Triangle. The property comes with no onward chain and a generous rear garden. In brief; th..."
Located in the heart of Hellesdon we are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented 2 bedroom bungalow. Early viewings are essential to avoid disappointment!
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this 3 bedroom link-detached property enjoys a slightly elevated, end of cul de sac position in a popular residential suburb. Ready for a new lease of life but with great potential, this family home offers generous living spaces including a 19'1 kitchen/diner and 13'..."
"This 2 bedroom detached bungalow is located within easy access of Norwich City centre, and is in close proxmity to a variety of amenities. The property benefits from a driveway to the front with ample off road parking and access to the rear garden which is fully enclosed. Viewings are highly advised"
"If you love to host for friends and family, then look no further than this immaculately presented home which has been stylishly reconfigured and renovated to a high standard and now offers an open plan living space including a modern lounge and a stunning kitchen with breakfast bar plus double do..."
**This immaculately presented two bedroom duplex apartment is situated just to the east of Norwich city centre. The property would make a fantastic investment purchase or for business professionals and benefits from stunning views across the city and it's being sold with **NO ONWARD CHAIN!**
"Situated close to a range of local amenities and schools for all ages is this extended three-bedroom semi-detached house. Just a short walk from the Bull roundabout, this superb property is ideal for anyone looking for home in Hellesdon. The property requires some modernisation, howeve..."
"A three bedroom detached house in a cul-de-sac location with plenty of parking and a west facing rear garden. In addition, the property has the benefit of gas central heating and UPVC double glazed windows."
"If you have been in search of a spacious city centre property, then prepare to be impressed by this superb three-bedroom third floor apartment with no onward chain. This amazing property is wonderfully situated with a picturesque view over Chapelfield Gardens and is adjacent to Chantry Place Shop..."
"**CASH PURCHASERS ONLY** Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this two-bedroom, third floor City centre apartment with No Onward Chain. The property is located in the Chapelfield Gardens Development overlooking the old City wall in the very heart of Norwich City centre."
"**** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN **** GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £310,000. A three bedroom semi detached house on an impressive plot with possibility to extend (stpp). The property is in need of renovation throughout. Viewing is strictly by appointment."
"*GUIDE PRICE £300,000 to £325,000* Located in the popular suburb of Sprowston, this modern family town house is conveniently positioned just three miles north of the city centre and readily affords near access into Norwich whilst also providing a community lifestyle on the fringe o..."
"Guide Price £300,000-£325,000 - Immaculately presented two bedroom bungalow only a short walk into the city centre. This property is perfect for those looking for a bungalow filled with natural light in turn-key condition. You are presented with a large lounge with a feature fireplace, ..."
"Guide Price £300,000-£325,000. This four bedroom semi detached family home is available with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
Situated in a tucked away cul de sac position with convenient access to local schools and handy amenities is this superb three bedroom detached family home. The property is accessed by a substantial driveway with ample parking leading to a single garage with power and light. Gates to ...
"Sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN! Ideally situated within Costessey, just a few mins from local amenities, this fantastic bungalow offers far more than initially meets the eye. Approached by a large shingle driveway which leads you to the side entrance door. Once stepping inside you'll find a fully reno..."
"William H Brown are delighted to present this three bedroom semi-detached property benefiting from parking to the front, fabulous exposed floorboards in the lounge and dining room, long galley kitchen, recently refitted bathroom and conservatory at the rear, Call now to avoid disappointment"
"A stunning two bedroom Riverside apartment located in this marquee development which overlooks the River Wensum, in the heart of Norwich's Riverside district, on the eastern fringe of Norwich City Centre."
"GUIDE PRICE: £300,000 - £315,000 **HIGH SPEC AND HIGH QUALITY SEMI DETACHED HOUSE ON A MODERN ESTATE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer with NO ONWARD CHAIN this BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WHICH HAS BEEN GREATLY IMPROVED BY THE CURRENT OWNER located in a CUL-DE-..."
"Plot 158, The Rockland is a spacious house with a surprisingly pleasing interior. A cleverly designed house, the entrance hall provides access to a cloakroom, an open plan spacious L-shaped lounge area and a kitchen/diner with French doors to the garden. On the first floor, the Rockland continue..."
"TERRIFIC EXTENDED TERRACE! Having been modernised, extended, improved and loved by the current owners it offers three bedrooms, ensuite to the master, a generously sized sitting room and a stunningly spacious open plan kitchen/diner with access to the fully enclosed rear garden. Viewings are a must!"
" *UNIQUE, CHARMING, AND AWE INSPIRING* One of a kind, Set in idyllic river and meadow surroundings, offering flexible accommodation across Three floors, this wonderful home is one to be cherished and viewing is highly recommended to appreciate the charm of this property. "
"Guide Price £300,000 - £325,000. A bespoke two bedroom detached bungalow holding an enviable 0.25-acre plot (STMS) plot with planning consent for an extension. Situated in a unique non-estate location on a conservation area with a range of amenities in close reach such as Norwich Train ..."
"Situated on the highly popular Round House Park development, this well-presented end-terraced property is conveniently located for amenities and the A11. Providing a 27'2 open plan living area with modern kitchen, 3 first floor bedrooms, including master with en-suite shower room and storage, plu..."
"abbotFox are pleased to offer for sale this well presented semi-detached bungalow in the popular suburb of Sprowston. Close to schools and a variety of amenities, this three bedroom home is conveniently located and is ready to move straight into after recent home improvements made by the current ..."
One of Hellesdon's best kept secrets is the desirable 2003 Hellesdon Mill conversion. This property is the only townhouse in the development and is perfect for flexible living to suit its owners needs. Viewing is essential to fully appreciate the accommodation and location.
"Prime central Norwich location, with riverside shopping and restaurants on your door stop and only a quick stroll into the city centre and Carrow Road, you would be pushed to find a better located home."
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this end-terraced property enjoys a cul de sac location close to Waitrose supermarket and Eaton village amenities. The well-presented accommodation includes a modern kitchen, lounge/diner, plus conservatory leading to the south-west facing rear garden. Also benefitti..."
"The Redcar features a open plan kitchen/dining room and living room with French doors opening into the garden. A WC and storage cupboard. Upstairs you‘ll find three bedrooms, including a large bedroom one with en suite, a family-sized bathroom and storage cupboard."
"Enjoy your outdoor space in this 3 bedroom Gosford, with a sociable kitchen diner featuring French doors to the garden."
"Optional extras worth over £6,000 are included on this 3 bedroom Gosford, featuring a sociable kitchen diner featuring French doors to the garden."
"A three bedroom semi detached in the heart of Thorpe St Andrew. The property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating, off street parking for 2 vehicles and a good size private garden."
**NO ONWARD CHAIN** This modern three bedroom detached house has been renovated throughout with newly fitted electrics and Nest heating system. The property is being sold with no onward chain. Early viewings essential!
"Located on a generous corner plot in a sought after cul de sac where properties seldom come up for sale is this 3-bedroom detached bungalow with no onward chain. This superb property requires some modernisation, but with a realistic asking price and lots to offer, we expect a high level of immedi..."
"*NO ONWARD CHAIN* An amazing three bedroom, Victorian mid-terraced property, set in a very popular location of NR1 this makes a great buy for anyone looking for a buy to let investment or first time purchase."
"This MODERN THREE STOREY TOWN HOUSE offers close to 950 Sq. ft (stms) of accommodation with EASY to MAINTAIN GARDENS, parking and a GARAGE. Presented in IMMACULATE CONDITION and with a neutral décor throughout, the property is READY TO MOVE IN. The LIVING SPACE is on the ground floor, with..."
A superb THREE BEDROOM EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE nestled in a quiet cul-de-sac just south of Norwich city centre and benefits from being in excellent decorative order and a private 40ft (STMS) rear garden. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC PROPERTY!*
" ***GUIDE PRICE RANGE £290,000 to £310,000***A period linked detached Cottage enjoying a lovely unique location on Chapel Lane which offers a glimpse of a view to River Green, set in the ever popular suburb of Thorpe St. Andrew with its excellent shopping, schooling, amenities & easy..."
"**A very impressive 1950's built three bedroom semi-detached house nestled in a quiet tucked away cul-de-sac which lies just off Wilberforce Road, an area extremely popular with students due to the excellent proximity to UEA and hospital. **"
"This three-bedroom semi-detached bungalow is offered with no onward chain and is situated in a sought after in a friendly neighbourhood. The accommodation on offer includes three double bedrooms, a 16ft lounge, 13ft kitchen/diner & a modern wet room. The property also benefits fro..."
"Guide Price £290,000 - £300,000. Offered with NO CHAIN, this EXTENDED DETACHED BUNGALOW offers an INTRIGUING LAYOUT with lots of potential to make the home perfect to your own needs! Whether you want to enjoy THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, or create THREE BEDROOMS, this home offers you the per..."
"Designed with open plan living in mind stands this conveniently positioned three-bedroom semi-detached home. Perfect for entertaining, the kitchen, the lounge and dining area seamlessly flow as one, creating an unrivalled amount of living space. The striking modern kitchen offers a contemporary f..."
"***William H Brown are delighted to offer this well-presented TWO BEDROOM HALL ENTRANCE TERRACE in Norwich, offering a downstairs bathroom, ENSUITE to master, bisected rear garden and on-road permit parking. Viewings are highly advised - call us today for more information.***"
"An extended 3 bedroom semi-detached house, close to shops and amenities and offered for sale with no onward chain. The property has gas central heating and double glazed windows, but would benefit from a program of updating and improvement."
"Situated ideally within the popular suburb of Hellesdon is this three storey, modern family home. All three floors have been presented beautifully and accommodation includes three double bedrooms, a master ensuite, contemporary kitchen and bathroom suites to suit all plus a cosy lounge. Off-road ..."
"VENDOR HAS FOUND... This extended semi detached bungalow is set on a generous plot and has the advantage of a driveway, providing off road parking for two cars, garage, gas central heating and UPVC double glazing. The bungalow is beautifully presented and boasts accommodation comprising of an ent..."
"**OPEN DAY** SATURDAY 4TH MARCH 2023
STRICTLY BY APPOINTMENT ONLY - FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CALL Sympathetically renovated to the highest standard - Nadler Studios comprises six furnished, modern and sophisticated apartments offering city centre living in a prominent Grade 2 Li..."
A superb three bedroom exceptionally spacious Victorian hall entrance three storey property located on a sought-after road which lies in the heart of Norwich's ever-favoured NR3 postcode.
"*** Guide Price £290,000 - £300,000 *** BEAUTIFUL BAY FRONTED TERRACE ON POPULAR GOLDEN TRIANGLE TREE LINED STREET *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this beautifully presented terrace situated on a tree lined street within the popular Golden Triangle area of Norwich. The property retains per..."
William H Brown are pleased to present this ONE BEDROOM EXECUTIVE APARTMENT situated in the popular NR2 postcode with a UNIQUELY SPACIOUS BALCONY with EXCEPTIONALLY UNDISTURBED VIEWS OF CHAPELFIELD GARDENS. ***VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC APARTMENT!***
"An extended 1930's built semi-detached house in a cul-de-sac position within easy reach of the city, county hall and the southern bypass."
"**BAY FRONTED OVER PASSAGE THREE STOREY MID TERRACE WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE CITY CENTRE AND TRAIN STATION** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, BAY FRONTED, THREE BEDROOM, OVER PASSAGE, THREE STOREY MID TERRACE HOUSE situated in the popular Thorpe Hamlet area to the e..."
"Located in a cul de sac position popular modern development is this three-bedroom detached family home. Situated to the west of Norwich, the property lends itself to being a superb family home, or a lucrative investment opportunity with convenient access to University of East Anglia and Norwich U..."
"Guide Price £290,000-£310,000. DETACHED FAMILY HOME in a popular residential location only a short distance from the UEA, Sportspark and UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL. With a CRISP and CLEAN FACADE, the accommodation has been WELL MAINTAINED and comprises a HALL ENTRANCE housing the stairs to t..."
"An attractive three-storey, three-bedroom home, the Souter has an open-plan kitchen/diner, living room and three bedrooms. Bedroom one on the top floor benefits from an en suite. The enclosed porch, downstairs WC, two storage cupboards and off-road parking mean it's practical as well as stylish."
"**GUIDE PRICE £290,000 - £300,000 EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, FOUR BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED HOUSE located in the sought after suburb of Costessey. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, utili..."
Stunning 2 double bedroom Victorian terrace house in the heart of the ever popular Golden Triangle in Norwich.
"We are delighted to present this stylish 3 bedroom property situated in a the popular area of Sprowston. The property has 3 generous sized bedrooms, w..."
"This two bedroom bungalow with both a front and a 90ft back garden is a must see. The property is located in a peaceful cul de sac and benefits from a spacious open lounge, central heating and double glazing throughout.Recent fascia and guttering.Local shops and schools within walking distance.La..."
"***No onward chain*** GUIDE PRICE £290,000 - £300,000 A simply wonderful three bedroom, three storey over-the-passage terraced property situated in this sought-after location which lies on the eastern fringe of Norwich City Centre."
"Guide Price £290,000-£310,000 - Minors and Brady are proud to present this modern one bedroom apartment located in the heart of Norwich City centre. The apartment boasts a neutral and modern feel throughout, bright open plan living area, sizeable balcony and underground parking. This is..."
abbotFox are pleased to present this deceptively spacious five/six bedroom end terrace with accommodation arranged over three floors. The property has been let and currently achieves £2300pcm with just three of the possible six bedrooms let. Accommodation comprises; entrance ha...
"Offers Over £290,000- This three bedroom semi detached house is waiting for its next owners to walk through its doors, could it be the one for you? Call the office today on to secure your viewing!"
This immaculately presented THREE BEDROOM END-TERRACE HOUSE is situated in the popular NR1 postcode just to the south of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic first time buy or family home.*VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC TERRACE PROPERTY!*
"Guide Price £290,000-£315,000 - Extensive family four bedroom semi detached home located within the popular town of Sprowston, boasting many amenities and great transport routes. The home offers four bright bedrooms, a welcoming open-plan living room, dining room and kitchen perfect for..."
"VENDORS FOUND. In the popular suburb of SPROWSTON, this property is situated to the FRONT OF THE DEVELOPMENT. Enjoying easy access to all areas of NORWICH, and is only a mile from the BROADLAND NORTHWAY which provides access to the NORFOLK BROADS and COASTLINE. The accommodation comprises an ent..."
"Fantastic location with only a short drive into the city centre! This three bedroom semi-detached property is located close to a range of local amenities such as shops, schools, parks, supermarkets and much more. Boasting bright and neutral interior, sizeable lounge, conservatory and a generous s..."
"*NO CHAIN* *EXCELLENT POTENTIAL* *GENEROUS PLOT* *SOUGHT AFTER SUBURB OF HELLESDON* *FLEXIBLE LAYOUT* This three bedroom detached property enjoys spacious and flexible accommodation set across two levels, with a generous plot offering room to extend up and out. The ground floor accommodation inc..."
"**OPEN DAY** SATURDAY 4TH MARCH 2023
STRICTLY BY APPOINTMENT ONLY - FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CALL Sympathetically renovated to the highest standard - Nadler Studios comprises six furnished, modern and sophisticated apartments offering city centre living in a prominent Grade II L..."
"**EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH A LARGE REAR GARDEN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW located in a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC in the poplar suburb of Hellesdon. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, three bedrooms and a bat..."
A 3 bedroom semi-detached house on a corner plot with space to extend (subject to planning) on a no through road. No onward chain.
"abbotFox presents this generous, semi-detached family home. Situated within easy reach of a variety of local amenities, including an Ofsted-rated Outstanding primary school, this home is the perfect opportunity for any young family. Accommodation comprises; an extended entrance, which allows for..."
"COMING SOON... This bay fronted city terrace, located with the 'Golden Triangle', has been used as a student let for the past years, however the current tenants are due to vacate at the end of June 2023, so the property will be sold with vacant possession. The property comes with UPVC double glaz..."
"abbotFox presents this brilliantly presented 2 bed purpose built apartment. Occupying a prime position within a sought after apartment complex, overlooking the River Wensum, this is an ideal opportunity for any buyer looking to enjoy the convenience of City living. Accessed via a private courtyar..."
"**BAY FRONTED HALL ENTRANCE TERRACE ON A SOUGHT AFTER ROAD** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, OVER PASSAGE, BAY FRONTED, THREE BEDROOM, HALL ENTRANCE, MID TERRACE located in a highly requested location to the south of Norwich. Accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HALL, LOUNG..."
"abbotFox presents this generous, three bedroom end terraced home. Situated within a short walk of Norwich City Centre, this is an ideal opportunity for any young family or professional couple. Occupying a spacious plot with ample off road parking to the front, with integral garage, the rear garde..."
"***STUNNING FAMILY HOME*** This ideal family home has much to offer any growing family. With three bedrooms, spacious living accommodation to the ground floor including lounge/diner and downstairs WC. Externally the property also comes with driveway to front, integral garag..."
"Situated in the sought-after Golden Triangle on the outskirts of Norwich, this mid-terrace with south-east facing garden is conveniently located for the city centre, green space and transport links. Accommodation includes 2 reception rooms, modern kitchen, ground floor bathroom plus 3 first floor..."
"***ATTRACTIVE FAMILY HOME*** GUIDE PRICE £280,000 - £290,000. We are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom semi-detached house located in NR6. Well kept by the current owners, this lovely family home is ready to move into and early viewing is advised. The accommodation com..."
"Looking for space to raise a family, this beautifully presented modern home is a MUST SEE!! Take a look at the Video Tour to see just how the accommodation could work for you!! You will be impressed by the fresh internal decor this home offers...being tastefully decorated throughout! The proper..."
"**DETACHED BUNGALOW OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this TWO BEDROOM (was previously a three bedroom), DETACHED bungalow located in the popular Dussindale Estate. Accommodation comprising ENTRANCE PORCH, ENTRANCE HALL, LOUNGE, DINING ROOM, KITCHEN, CONSERVATORY..."
"If you have been in search of a property with a generous garden, then this three-bedroom semi-detached bungalow with no onward chain is guaranteed to impress. Requiring modernisation, this is the perfect property to put you own stamp on to make it your perfect next home. The accommodat..."
"Guide Price Of £280,000-£290,000. Sitting within a large, private plot is this spacious two bedroom bungalow with the easy potential for a third bedroom too. Inside is a wealth of space inclusing a four piece bathroom suite, spacious lounge and fully fitted kitchen. Easy access to the A..."
"This IMMACULATE link-detached home is offered with ENCLOSED GARDENS, garage and DRIVEWAY, whilst enjoying a CUL-DE-SAC SETTING within the popular DUSSINDALE DEVELOPMENT- close to NORWICH and the BROADLAND NORTHWAY (NDR). With attractive uPVC DOUBLE GLAZING, a replacement CENTRAL HEATING BOILER w..."
"GUIDE PRICE £280,000 - £290,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this light and spacious bay fronted Victorian terrace set in the heart of Norwich's highly coveted Golden Triangle. The property comes with ample storage and a recently landscaped south facing rear garden. In..."
***LAUNCH DAY SAT 11TH MARCH - ESTABLISHED FAMILY HOME CLOSE TO THE UNIVERSITY OF EAST ANGLIA*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this loving family home offered to the market with no onward chain.
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** Two bedroom semi-detached is well-presented throughout with landscaped front and rear gardens with summer house, brick weave driveway and a detached garage. Early viewings essential!"
This immaculately presented three bedroom semi-detached house is situated in the popular NR1 postcode just to the east of Norwich city centre
"**POPULAR LOCATION** This three bedroom semi-detached house boasts a large lounge, a dining room alongside a conservatory, an enclosed rear garden with a detached garage and ample off road parking. Early viewings essential!"
"ATTIK are delighted to present this spacious detached bungalow which comprises an entrance porch, hall, lounge, dining room (previously bed 3) conservatory, kitchen/breakfast room, master bedroom with en-suite, a further good sized double bedroom, family bathroom, garage & gardens. Call the t..."
"**EXTENDED CHALET BUNGALOW OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this spacious, three bedroom, semi detached chalet bungalow situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in the highly sought after suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, spacious lounge/..."
"abbotFox presents this three bedroom, link detached family home. Situated within the popular residential area of Dussindale, this home is ideally situated within easy reach of a variety of local amenities. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, lounge, and re-fitted kitchen diner to the ground f..."
"William H Brown are extremely pleased to present this 3 bedroom semi-detached house. Extremely spacious through-out with the bonus of a utility room and ground floor cloakroom, along with outbuildings in the enclosed rear garden. Offered for sale with no upward chain and located close to amenities!"
"**DETACHED BUNGALOW IN A QUIET REQUESTED CUL-DE-SAC** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this MODERN, TWO BEDROOM, DETACHED BUNGALOW situated in a cul-de-sac in the highly sought after suburb of Sprowston. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, open plan lounge/kitchen/diner, two bedrooms and ..."
"**MODERN THROUGHOUT** This three bedroom semi-detached three storey house built by Persimmon Homes in 2019 boast a large enclosed rear garden and has a cloakroom, en-suite and family bathroom. Early viewings essential!"
"Be quick to view this beautifully presented 2-bedroom detached bungalow. The property which is immaculately presented throughout briefly consists of 2 double bedrooms, a spacious, open living/dining area, a kitchen with matching base and wall units with a side access door to the rear/front garde..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £280,000 - £300,000 **EXTENDED FAMILY HOME CLOSE BY TO THE CITY CENTRE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this VERY WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOMS, semi detached house located in a cul-de-sac to the east of Norwich. Accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HALL, LOUNGE, DINING..."
**NO ONWARD CHAIN** This three bedroom semi-detached house offers much potential and would make the ideal home offering a large enclosed rear garden with a conservatory and ample off road parking alongside a detached garage. Early viewings essential!
"Guide Price £280,000 - £290,000. REFURBISHED, REMODELLED and REFRESHED perfectly describe this WONDERFUL HOME which enjoys a NON-OVERLOOKED REAR ASPECT, and a plot spanning 0.12 ACRES (stms). Stepping inside you are greeted in the ENTRANCE AREA with space for CLOAK and BOOT STORAGE whic..."
"Sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN! Located in Dussindale is this two bedroom detached bungalow, previously a three bedroom which could easily be transformed back. Outside is a single garage and driveway, plus a large garden with plenty of potential to create a private space to enjoy the summer months.	"
"Located close to schools, shops and amenities this semi-detached home offers 3 bedrooms with an en-suite.  There is a conservatory extension to the rear and the property benefits from parking and garage adjacent to the shared drive.   We urge an early viewing to appreciate this id..."
"**EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED CHALET BUNGALOW ON AN EXCELLENT PLOT WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED CHALET BUNGALOW located on a GOOD SIZE PLOT in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC in the highly sought after suburb of Sprowston. Accommodation com..."
"**WELL PRESENTED DETACHED BUNGALOW IN THE VILLAGE OF RACKHEATH** Boasts a 22'0 lounge/diner, a large well-presented enclosed rear garden with summer house, detached garage and ample off road parking. Early viewings essential!"
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** Two bedroom semi-detached chalet with a 23'10"" open plan lounge/diner, en-suite and dressing room to the master bedroom and sun lounge. Early viewings essential!"
"abbotFox presents this exceptional, purpose built apartment. Occupying a prime position within a sought after block, overlooking the River Wensum, this is an ideal opportunity for any buyer looking to enjoy the convenience of City living. Accessed via a private courtyard, the internal accommodati..."
This immaculately presented THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the popular NR1 postcode just to the east of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC PROPERTY!*
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** This two bedroom semi-detached bungalow has been modernised throughout and is ready to be move into! The property boasts a low maintenance rear garden, en-bloc garage and shared drive. Early viewings essential!"
"***GUIDE PRICE £280,000-£300,000 - AN OVER THE PASSAGE TERRACED HOME IN THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE WITH PRIVATE WEST FACING GARDEN*** William H Brown are pleased to present this larger than average home located in a prime residential location offering open plan living."
"*BOOK NOW TO REGISTER YOUR INTEREST* *EXTENDED TO REAR* *FLEXIBLE LAYOUT* *CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION* Situated in the sought after suburb of Old Catton, this extended three bedroom semi is presented in good order throughout, boasting flexible accommodation that's been extended by the owner, as well as ..."
"Websters Estate Agents ar delighted to offer this extended hall entrance Victorian terrace set in the heart of Norwich's Golden Triangle. The property comes with no onward chain and a private rear garden. In brief, the property comprises; sitting room, kitchen / dining room, family bathroom, thr..."
"Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW on a STUNNING PLOT LOCATION in the highly sought after suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation comprises ENTRANCE HALL, TWO BEDROOMS, LOUNGE, FOUR PIECE BATHROOM SUITE, KITCHEN and CONSERVATORY. The bungalow benefits f..."
"Guide Price £280,000 - £290,000. VENDOR HAS FOUND! Occupying a CORNER PLOT with sweeping lawned gardens, ample parking can be found to the side with a GARAGE at the end of the drive. The accommodation offers FLEXIBILITY and can include a GROUND FLOOR BEDROOM. With uPVC double glazing an..."
"**OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN**CHARMING GRADE II LISTED TOWNHOUSE IN THE HEART OF THE CITY CENTRE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this UNIQUE TWO/THREE BEDROOM, GRADE II LISTED, FOUR STOREY TOWHOUSE located along the popular King Street location in Norwich City Centre. Accommodation compr..."
" ***GUIDE PRICE RANGE £280,000 TO £300,000***A detached older style two bedroomed bungalow enjoying a non-estate position in this sought-after location within the ever-popular village of Rackheath with its good local amenities including chip shop, pub, schooling, post office & genera..."
"An ideal step up on the property ladder to this three bedroom semi detached house with garage and private garden. The property benefits from ground floor cloakroom, family bathroom and en suite to main bedroom."
"***GROUND FLOOR GARDEN APARTMENT LOCATED IN PRESTIGE LOCATION*** William H Brown are please to present to the market this well-present home benefiting from two double bedrooms, modern bathroom and shower room, as well as a functional kitchen. Internal viewings are highly recommended."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN with this deceptive semi-detached family home situated within touching distance of the A47 in the popular area of New Costessey west of Norwich. The property boasts 3 bedrooms with EN-SUITE to master, KITCHEN/DINER, lounge, WC, bathroom, lounge, CONSERVATORY, off road parking a..."
Conveniently located this spacious three bed terraced home is ideal for those looking to put their own stamp on a property. Within minutes of everything that Norwich city centre has to offer yet quietly tucked away within a quiet cul-de-sac this property’s location will not be beaten! ...
"**GUIDE PRICE £280,000 TO £290,000**DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH LARGE FRONT AND REAR GARDENS** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, detached bungalow located in the sought after suburb of Costessey. Accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HALL, LOUNGE, THREE BEDROOMS, BAT..."
"Located in the popular suburb of Sprowston, lying just a short drive from Norwich City Centre or Norfolk's fine country side is this three bedroom, semi-detached bungalow which benefits from ample driveway space and a detached garage, landscaped garden and a spacious interior for you to make your..."
"Guide Price £275,000-£285,000 - Extended family home in a great central location. This three bedroom home boasts spacious rooms filled with natural light, charming bay window, well-equipped contemporary kitchen, conservatory overlooking the garden, workshop to the rear and off-road park..."
"Guide Price £275,000 - £285,000. MOTIVATED VENDORS! This EXTENDED and IMPROVED SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW located within the HEART OF COSTESSEY offers plenty of space for a growing family with further potential to extend (stp) if desired. To the front you will find an impressive GATED DRIVE..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** ***GUIDE PRICE £275,000-£295,000*** This three-bedroom semi-detached bungalow is offered with no onward chain and is situated in a sought after in a friendly neighbourhood. The accommodation on offer includes three bedrooms, two of whic..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £275,000 - £285,000 DETACHED HOUSE OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this SPACIOUS, THREE BEDROOM, detached house located in a quiet cul-de-sac to the west of Norwich close by to the University of East Anglia and Norwich Hospital. Accommodation com..."
"SMART SPIXWORTH HOME! If you're looking for a spacious, three bedroom terraced house within easy reach of amenities, then look no further! Offering brick-weave driveway, garage, low maintenance rear garden, gas fired central heating plus so much more to see, this one can't be missed! "
"abbotFox presents this spacious, extended bungalow. Occupying a generous plot, on a sought after road, in the popular residential area of Sprowston, this chain free property has been well maintained, and offers a fantastic opportunity for any buyer looking to make their own mark on a property. In..."
A three bedroom semi detached house located in a quiet close on the popular Valley Drive development. The property boast a large mature garden with vegetable patch.
"**IMPRESSIVE RECENTLY EXTENDED MID TERRACE IN A POPULAR WEST CITY LOCATION** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE located within walking distance to the City Centre. Accommodation comprising entrance porch, EXTENDED LOUNGE, dining ro..."
"FIRST CLASS FAMILY HOME! located in popular Old Catton, close to a wide range of amenities, this family sized home is a great choice. With three bedrooms, a large reception room, garage, drive, conservatory and enclosed garden, everything you need is right here. Call PROPERTY LADDER now to view! "
"***POPULAR LOCATION*** ***GUIDE PRICE £275,000 - £300,000*** This three bedroom semi-detached bungalow is situated in the popular suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. The accommodation comprises of entrance hall, lounge , kitchen, hallway, two double bedrooms and bat..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £275,000 - £300,000 SPACIOUS APARTMENT WITH SECURE PARKING AND NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, SECOND FLOOR floor apartment located in the popular Riverside development within walking distance to the City Centre. Accommodati..."
Semi detached 1970's built house with three bedrooms set in nice plot with lovely south facing sunny rear garden. The property is set back from the road and is facing the open space and the green. The rooms are big and spacious with big windows making the place light bright and airy. The prop...
"Guide Price £275,000-£300,000- Are you looking for the perfect two bedroom bungalow? Well I think we may have the one for you!"
"***** NO CHAIN on the THREE BEDROOM EX/LA HOUSE located in the very popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, lounge/dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, CONSERVATORY, ground floor bathroom, enclosed rear gardens and LARGE FRONT GARDEN AND PRIVEWAY DRIVEWAY ***** "
"Three bedroom detached family house with a cloakroom, en-suite and family bathroom, integrated garage and driveway parking, perfect family home. Call now to arrange your viewing!!"
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** A three storey, three bedroom 2014 built semi-detached house situated in a sought-after location in the popular NR2 postcode of Norwich. The property benefits from having a top floor master bedroom with en-suite and enclosed private rear garden."
"*** Launch Event Saturday 4th March - Strictly By Appointment Only *** Guide Price £270,000 - £280,000 *** ClaxtonBird are proud to offer this light and spacious terrace house situated within the sought after Golden Triangle area of Norwich. The property retains a wealth of period features throug..."
"Located in the enviable Bracondale area of Norwich. This two bedroom apartment benefits from a bright and spacious feel with plenty of storage to take advantage of. You can find a large reception room, well-equipped contemporary kitchen, shower room and a garden attracting a range of birds, perfe..."
"Three bedroom semi-detached property in the heart of Sprowston. Sprowston is to the north of the City Centre, nearby to a selection of amenities including: schools for all ages, local parks, doctors surgeries, car garages, shops and local pubs. Sprowston has great public transport int..."
"Close to 900 Sq. ft (stms) of accommodation with FOUR BEDROOMS off the LANDING, this spacious FAMILY HOME occupies a PRIME POSITION just off the inner ring road for EASY ACCESS to the CITY CENTRE, A47 and A11. With OVER THE PASSAGE accommodation, a DINING ROOM/conservatory extends the ground flo..."
"Offered with No Onward Chain and full of character, this 2 bedroom ground floor leasehold apartment is conveniently located for the city centre and provides over 921 sq/ft. of living space within an attractive period property. An open plan living space lies at its heart, with 2 bedrooms, each wit..."
"LAST REMAINING HOME OF THIS STYLE - SPACIOUS 2 BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT WITH LARGE SOUTH FACING WALK-OUT BALCONY! RESERVE BY 28TH FEBRUARY AND RECIEVE AMAZING INCENTIVES! Located on the ground floor, this 2 bedroom apartment boasts space with modern open plan kitchen/lounge leading onto a ..."
Calling All Families!! Semi-detached house located in the highly popular area of Old Catton which is in close proximity of infant and junior schools. View now to avoid disappointment.
***SEMI DETACHED HOME IN CLOSE PROXIMITY OF THE UEA AND CITY CENTRE OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this spacious family home with garage and off road parking.
*NO ONWARD CHAIN!* This well presented FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED TOWNHOUSE is situated in the popular NR5 postcode just to the west of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic investment purchase or family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!*
"A three bedroom linked-detached family home situated on an impressive corner plot, in a sought-after location which has great access to UEA and hospital, making the home perfect for professionals or buy to let investors."
"** GUIDE £270,000 - £280,000 ** A pleasantly positioned 3 bedroom link detached house with a wider than average plot and benefitting from a driveway, garage and additional parking. This property is offered for sale with no onward chain."
"ATTIK are delighted to present this spacious link-detached home, in a great location, and close to the river. With 3 bedrooms, 2 doubles, 1 single, all with built-in storage, a lounge, fitted kitchen/diner, bathroom & ensuite, along with a good sized enclosed rear garden, single garage & ..."
"abbotFox presents this three bedroom end-terraced house with double garage. Occupying a secluded position, within the sought after residential area of Old Catton, this home represents an ideal opportunity for any first time buyer or young family. Set between two well-regarded primary schools, and..."
"ATTIK are delighted to present this spacious & extremely well presented semi-detached home, with 3 double bedrooms, a dual-aspect lounge/diner & fitted kitchen/breakfast room, along with a separate shower room & wc inside, and a lovely rear garden backing onto protected woodland. Call..."
"***** NO CHAIN on this FOUR BEDROOM THREE STOREY TOWNHOUSE located in the very popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION AROUND 1200 SQ FT including entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen/dining room, lounge, bathroom, en-suite, enclosed gardens and OFF ROAD PARKING ***** "
A superb two bedroom purpose built second floor apartment situated in a sought-after location just on the fringe of the City Centre of Norwich.
"Situated in the sought-after Golden Triangle, this well-presented end-terrace is an ideal first purchase, conveniently located for amenities and road links. Accommodation includes a modern kitchen, lounge with decorative fireplace, separate dining room and 2 bedrooms. Outside benefits from non-pe..."
"Guide Price £270,000-£280,000. NO CHAIN. Set in the HEART of our Fine City, this SIZEABLE GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT offers over 1000 Sq ft (stms), within the CHARACTERFUL SCHOLARS COURT, with ALLOCATED PARKING, and FANTASTIC access to the CITY CENTRE. Once inside you will find an ENTRANCE ..."
"Located within the idyllic village of Horsham St Faiths, this detached bungalow offers a fantastic opportunity with no onward chain. Requiring modernisation, this home benefits from three sizeable bedrooms, spacious living area, wet room and generous kitchen with space for dining and hosting. The..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £270,000-£280,000 - PERIOD HOME IN THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE WITH ORIGINAL FEATURES*** William H Brown are pleased to present to the market this well presented home located in a favoured position off Unthank Road."
"Offers Over £270,000- This Thorpe Hamlet city Victorian terrace has plenty to offer with its open plan living space, garden room and garage"
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN!*** A smart THREE BEDROOM END TERRACE located in one of Norwich's most desireable residential locations, Dussindale is situated in the east of the city centre. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS STUNNING PROPERTY!*"
"Motivated Seller - No Onward Chain - Semi Detached House with Three Bedrooms. Situated at the end of the Cul-de-sac in Sprowston near to all essential amenities. Spacious rooms. Nice Garden, Ample off Street Parking. Great property.  Comprising Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen, Bathroom, F..."
"Located in the popular in Sprowston in close proximity to schools and shops this three bedroom semi-detached home offers a private position at the end of a cul-de-sac. There is garage and parking, UPVC double glazing and gas fired central heating. The property does require some updating but wil..."
"""Modern living on this sought after development"" A SPACIOUS family home which is beautifully presented throughout, offering everything for the practical and everyday lifestyle, situated on the edge of a new development in Sprowston. Currently occupied by the owners from 2020 as a Persim..."
"***** Be quick to view THREE BEDROOM LINK DETACHED HOUSE located in the very popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, lounge, conservatory, FITTED KITCHEN WITH RANGE OF APPLIANCES, bathroom, enclosed gardens, driveway, garage and NO ONWARD CHAIN ***** "
"***GUIDE PRICE £265,000 - £275,000*** ***CITY LIVING*** Located close to Riverside is this stunning two bedroom apartment that offers easy access to Riverside Leisure Park and Norwich Train station. With two double bedrooms, open plan living with double doo..."
"Guide Price £265,000-£275,000. NO CHAIN. Ready to MOVE-IN, this spacious SEMI-DETACHED HOME is located just off the INNER RING ROAD for easy access to the CITY and surrounding suburbs, whilst the REAR GARDEN is PRIVATE. There is ample ON ROAD PARKING surrounding the property. Intern..."
"DETACHED VILLAGE BUNGALOW! Live life on one level with this modern two bedroom detached Bungalow. Set in a cul de sac location, the property offers two bedrooms, a lounge dining room, conservatory, landscaped garden and ample parking. This is the perfect place to enjoy village life!"
"*QUALITY WITHOUT COMPROMISE* Conisford Court sets new standards for contemporary design, using traditional materials and the highest quality specification to create twenty-six unique luxury homes, tailor-made for modern City living. Superior materials, convenience features and an unc..."
"ENVIABLE END OF TERRACE! Tucked away off of Chestnut Avenue, Spixworth you'll discover this spacious and enticing FOUR BEDROOMED end terraced house. Providing a downstairs W/C, upstairs family bathroom, redecorated kitchen and vast 24' lounge/diner, this house CAN'T BE MISSED! "
"A beautiful home. High quality build, superb finish, exceptional specification and an energy efficient home. Luxurious underfloor heating to ground floor. 2 double bedrooms with fitted wardrobes. Modern kitchen dining area. Family bathroom plus an en-suite to primary bedroom. Norwich 5 miles."
"RIVER VIEWS... Positioned on the fourth floor within a block of only twenty apartments, this beautifully looked after property boasts river views, a balcony, electric central heating via radiators, double glazing, lift access, underground secured parking and communal gardens. The apartment is loc..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** This two bedroom end terraced home was built by Norfolk Homes in a prime location within Sprowston. The property boasts from under floor heating to ground floor, spacious throughout and off road parking for three cars. Early viewings essential!"
"ATTIK are delighted to present this spacious, 2 double bed bungalow, with a fitted kitchen/diner, a large lounge, conservatory, a modern bathroom, along with ample parking and generous low maintenance front and rear gardens, & in a great location close to all amenities. Call the team now to v..."
"An imposing 3 storey townhouse in an established position within easy reach of local amenities, with a wealth of accommodation including 3 bedrooms plus study and separate utility room in addition to the spacious kitchen/breakfast room. NO ONWARD CHAIN!"
"YOUR PERFECT MATCH THIS VALENTINES -RESERVE BY 28TH FEBRUARY TO RECIEVE FANTASTIC INCENTIVES! Located on the second floor, this 1 bedroom penthouse features a modern stylish open plan kitchen/lounge with access to a large private south facing balcony. Narrows Place has been designed to appeal ..."
"With convenient access to a range of local shops as well as being close to schools for all ages is this well-presented two-bedroom semi-detached bungalow. The accommodation on offer consists of an entrance hall, a 15ft lounge and two generous double bedrooms as well as a modern kitchen..."
"*** Launch Event Saturday 11th March - Strictly By Appointment Only *** Guide Price £260,000 - £270,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer for sale this attractive grey brick terrace house situated within the ever popular Golden Triangle area of Norwich, within walking distance to the City Ce..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire a bespoke freehold property with office work space and residential accommodation. The property is currently used as office workspace and residential with an outside seating area, double bedroom, contemporary kitchen with a pantry and a shower room. Situated only a 5 ..."
"**RARELY AVAILABLE COTTAGE CLOSE BY TO THE RIVER** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this STUNNING, TWO BEDROOM, MID TERRACE COTTAGE situated in a HIDDEN AWAY location to the south of Norwich. Accommodation comprising LOUNGE and KITCHEN to the ground floor. On the first floor there are TW..."
"NO CHAIN! - A bright and spacious modern three bedroom home superbly located in a quiet and safe area near central Norwich. The property comes with a kitchen, W/C and lounge downstairs. The upstairs has two large double bedrooms and one single bedroom, with a bathroom off the landing. Private bri..."
***Family Home Overlooking The Green*** Iconic are pleased to offer this great three bedroom semi-detached home situated in the popular Broadland village of Rackheath. Occupying an enviable position overlooking an open green area this fantastic family home is also offered with no onward chain and...
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** Located in a quiet cul de sac in the popular suburb of Sprowston north of Norwich and close to ammenities. This bungalow is offered with no chain and ready to move straight into. The accommodation offered comprises entrance hall, large bright lounge with access t..."
"Semi-detached chalet bungalow with an en-suite cloakroom, 19'5"" conservatory, two reception rooms, enclosed rear garden. Must be viewed!!"
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! Positioned on a spacious corner plot, be quick to view this semi detached house offering three bedrooms, two reception rooms, garage and an opportunity to add your own personal touch to a home! "
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £280,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this well presented and spacious detached bungalow set in a secluded cul-de-sac only a short distance to Norwich city centre. The property comes with no onward chain, ample off street parking and a single gar..."
"This spacious three bedroom terraced home stands out from the crowd for all the right reasons. Recently renovated to a high standard throughout the current owners have spared no expense, making this home a must see. As you approach this home you are greeted by a spacious driveway which..."
"**GUIDE £260,000 - £280,000**Ideal for families with four spacious bedrooms and two popular local parks a stone's throw away. This mid-terrace property benefits from four sizeable bedrooms, family bathroom, bright lounge, well-equipped kitchen, low maintenance garden and off-road parkin..."
"**HALL ENTRANCE NR3 TERRACE OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM. BAY FRONTED, HALL ENTRANCE mid terrace house situated in the highly sought after NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HALL, LOUNGE, DINING RO..."
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £280,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this light and spacious terraced home set in a secluded cul-de-sac to the north of Norwich city centre. The property comes with a private rear garden, single garage and off street parking. In brief, the prope..."
"Open plan living on the ground floor, a hideaway bedroom with the second floor all to itself, the Moseley is a new home with great options. Young families, first-time buyers and professionals who have their eye on a potential home office, will enjoy making this flexible home their own."
"*Incredibly sought-after location with immaculately kept grounds. Minors and Brady are pleased to present this two bedroom maisonette in the popular postcode of NR1. The property boasts generous sized rooms with a spacious lounge opening up to a dining room, well-equipped kitchen with space for w..."
"HANDSOME TERRACE HOME! Tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac in the ever popular Round House Park development in Cringleford, this immaculate mid terrace home offers two double bedrooms, single garage, two allocated parking spaces, downstairs WC & enclosed rear garden. "
"***** NO CHAIN on this SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE located south of Norwich on the popular Tuckswood estate. The property is in need of updating but offers GREAT POTENTIAL and accommodation to include lounge, dining room, kitchen, CLOAKROOM & BATHROOM, mature gardens and PRIVATE D..."
"Presenting the chance to acquire this Charming 2 Bedroom Cottage, situated in a Highly Sought after location on the DOOR STEP of NORWICH CITY CENTRE A Lovely feeling comes with this Unique property filled with Character offering an ideal opportunity to make a Lovely Home. BLUEBELL C..."
This well-presented bay-fronted mid-terraced home is located on a favoured road within Norwich's highly sought after Golden Triangle
**OPEN HOUSE SATURDAY 25TH MARCH 10AM - 5PM** Come and view our new riverside show apartment. All visitors entered into a draw to win a luxury hamper.
"A wonderfully presented family home in a sought-after location, just minutes away from the city centre! Stunning finish throughout this bay fronted end terraced house with accommodation comprising an impressive open plan 23'5 max kitchen/diner, living room, 3 bedrooms and a ground floor bathr..."
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £270,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this light and Victorian end of terrace home set in the heart of Norwich's highly coveted Golden Triangle. The property comes with no onward chain and off street parking. In brief, the property comprises; sit..."
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this outstanding modern second floor apartment set in the heart of Norwich and only a short walk to Riverside Retail Park and Norwich train station. The property comes with a secure allocated parking space and a private west facing balcony. In brief, ..."
This immaculately presented THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the popular NR3 postcode just to the north of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic first time buy or family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS GREAT PROPERTY!*
**OPEN HOUSE SATURDAY 25TH MARCH 10AM - 5PM** Come and view our new riverside show apartment. All visitors entered into a draw to win a luxury hamper..
"**EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY ACHIEVING £1745PCM** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, FIVE BEDROOM, SEMI-DETACHED house located within walking distance to the University of East Anglia. Accommodation comprises ENTRANCE HALL, LOUNGE, KITCHEN/DINER, SHOWER ROOM and TWO BEDROOM..."
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this beautifully presented and spacious over the passage Victorian terrace set only a short walk to Norwich city centre. The property comes with no onward chain and a private rear garden. In brief, the property comprises; sitting room, dining room, ki..."
"Offered with NO CHAIN, this second floor apartment offers SECURE ALLOCATED PARKING, and has had its EWS (External Wall Fire Review) COMPLETED - with the original DEVELOPERS Taylor Wimpey PAYING THE COSTS to upgrade the building. Therefore, this MODERN PROPERTY is an ideal FIRST BUY or INVESTMENT..."
"***OPPORTUNITY IN THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE - VIEWING BY APPOINTMENT ONLY*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this period home which is being offered to the market with no onward chain, internal viewing is highly recommended."
"If you have been in search of a property in which to make your own impression, then look no further than this extended two-bedroom semi-detached bungalow with no onward chain. The accommodation on offer consists of a 24ft open plan lounge/diner, a bathroom, two double bedrooms and a k..."
"**EXTENDED BUNGALOW ON A GOOD SIZED CORNER PLOT WITH POTENTIAL TO EXTEND FURTHER SUBJECT TO PLANNING** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, TWO BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW located in a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought after suburb of Old Catton with accommodation comprising, ..."
"NO CHAIN. This semi-detached BUNGALOW requires a FULL PROGRAM OF UPDATING and MODERNISATION, allowing a new buyer to capitalise on the SIZEABLE and MATURE PLOT. Located within a short walk to local amenities, this favoured setting is ideal for someone looking to turn their hand to some DIY. Wi..."
"With NO ONWARD CHAIN, this ENVIABLY LOCATED HOME is at the heart of GOLDEN TRIANGLE life with a wealth of local amenities right on your doorstep. Fully refurbished and updated throughout, with the added bonus of a PRIVATE DRIVEWAY, this COTTAGE, must be viewed. Call Sefftons today to organise you..."
"*GUIDE PRICE £250,000 - £260,000 * MONEYPROPERTIES PROUDLY PRESENT THIS TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT IN A GATED SECURITY COMPLEX WITH FIVE OTHERS IN THE SOUGHT AFTER VILLAGE OF EATON CLOSE TO VILLAGE AMENITIES AND EIGHT MINUTES FROM THE CITY CENTRE BY CAR. This immaculat..."
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this light and spacious Victorian terrace set within Norwich's highly coveted Golden Triangle. The property comes with no onward chain and a private courtyard garden. In brief, the property comprises; sitting room, dining room, kitchen, family bathroo..."
"Luxurious city centre apartment with beautiful views over the Church. Located on Ber Street where you can find a range of cafes, restaurants, shops and only a short walk into the bustling city centre. The apartment is filled with natural light and benefits from high quality fittings and fixtures ..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £250,000 - £260,000. **EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE ON A CORNER PLOT** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, BAY FRONTED, SEMI DETACHED HOUSE house located to the west of Norwich within walking distance to the City Centre. Accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HALL, LOUNGE..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN on this FOUR BEDROOM MID TERRACE HOUSE WITH LOFT CONVERSION located on the edge of the Golden Triangle. The property has lounge, dining room, kitchen, bathroom, good size rear garden and OFF ROAD PARKING ***** "
A period cottage in the heart of Norwich city centre close to local riverside leisure complex and Norwich Train station. To the rear of the property is a cottage style garden. Viewing is essential to appreciate the location of this cottage.
"***** Be quick to view this THREE BEDROOM LINK DETACHED HOUSE located in the popular suburb of Bowthorpe. The property has entrance hall, LOUNGE & DINING ROOM, kitchen, cloakroom, bathroom, enclosed gardens, 17' GARAGE AND LARGE DRIVEWAY ***** "
"A superb 1950's three bedroom end-townhouse located in one of Norwich's most popular residential postcode, boasting brilliant access to Norwich's UEA and N&N hospital. This home is ideal for a young/growing family. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS GREAT PROPERTY!*"
"A superb three bedroom modern terrace property which was built circa 14 years ago, located in a unique and sought-after setting in this popular west city location."
A modern and well-presented two bedroom end-terrace house situated in a sought-after location which lies just off Bowthorpe Road with easy access to Norwich's UEA and N&N hospital.
"Immaculately presented with a modern feel this property is ideal for those looking for a home ready to move straight into! This property boasts a large driveway with parking for two vehicles side by side. You enter this property via the entrance hall, ideal for shoes and coats. The lounge is an e..."
"This immaculately presented three bedroom semi detached home is one not to miss! Located in a prime position with easy access into the Norwich city centre & with a host of local amenities within waking distance. Offering two spacious reception rooms, three well proportioned bedrooms & a g..."
Centrally located with a host of amenities on your doorstep convenient living won’t get better than this. Located on the ground floor with a secure entry system and offering an attractive outlook over the well maintained communal gardens this home is perfect for modern living. The fashionab...
"Will this home be your valentine this year? Fantastic Incentives if reserved by 28th February - Enquire Now! **1 BEDROOM, FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT WITH PRIVATE SOUTH FACING BALCONY** Located on the first floor, this 1 bedroom apartment features a modern stylish open plan kitchen/lounge with access..."
**INVESTORS ONLY**Stunning City Apartment with tenants in place
"**FULLY RENOVATED BAY FRONTED NR3 TERRACE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer with NO ONWARD CHAIN this RENOVATED, THREE BEDROOM, BAY FRONTED mid terrace house located in the highly sought after NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprising LOUNGE, DINING ROOM, KITCHEN and BATHROOM to the grou..."
"A simply gorgeous that would make the ideal home for any family. With a bright and spacious living room, a separate kitchen/ diner and two comfortable double bedrooms, one of which is an en-suite, there is plenty of space to enjoy and relax. The property also boasts a stunning ..."
"***** Be quick to view this TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW located in the popular suburb of Chapel Break. The property has entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, CONSERVATORY, shower room, enclosed gardens, DRIVEWAY & GARAGE ***** "
"Reserve by end of February to receive upgraded appliances and quartz kitchen worktop!
Also receive the following benefits:
• Move-in mortgage-free for up to 10 months or if a cash purchaser a period of 5 years of no service charges!
• Reduced reservation fee of only £2,500 for 1st time buyers, bl..."
A spacious and well-presented three bedroom end-terrace property situated in the popular NR1 postcode in Norwich City Centre. The property is a short walk away from Norwich train station and would make a perfect investment or first time buy.
"This two bedroom semi-detached bungalow, is situated in the popular suburb of Sprowston, to the north of Norwich. Early viewing is highly recommended."
"HIDDEN GEM! Offering privacy within such a central location, this semi detached home proves a hidden gem in the NR3 postcode! Recently renovated to an immaculate standard, the property benefits from two bedrooms, courtyard garden, downstairs WC & the option to rent a nearby car parking space! "
"If you have been in search of a property in which to make your own impression, then look no further than this two-bedroom semi-detached bungalow with no onward chain. The accommodation on offer consists of a 16ft dual aspect lounge, a bathroom, two double, a kitchen, dining room and l..."
"A bright and spacious one bedroom GROUND FLOOR apartment with PATIO AREA & COURTYARD VIEWS, situated within the popular MCCARTHY STONE retirement living complex."
"If you have been in search of a property in Hellesdon, then this well-presented 3 bedroom semi-detached is sure to impress. Offered with no onward chain, the property has been a much-loved family home since it was built around 70 years ago. The accommodation on offer consists of an entrance hall,..."
"Guide Price Of £250,000-£270,000. Situated in the extremely sought after postcode of Norwich is this spacious semi-detached three bedroom family home. Boasting space to host and entertain guests, as well as enjoy cosy nights in the sizeable lounge, flood with light second reception room..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £250,000-£275,000*** ** CONTEMPORARY 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT *NO CHAIN * BALCONY WITH RIVER VIEWS * SECURE ALLOCATED PARKING ** Perfectly situated to offer modern city living with river views, this beautifully presented apartment is not one to be miss..."
"Guide Price £220,000 - £230,000 Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this bay fronted terrace house with NO ONWARD CHAIN located in the much sought after Golden Triangle area of Norwich."
This THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the sought after NR5 postcode. The property is currently let therefore available to INVESTORS ONLY. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY!*
"Guide Price £260,000 - £270,000 Charming Victorian home with a garage. This three bedroom end-terrace property is located in the desirable postcode of NR2, located only a short walk from amenities and drive into the city centre. Enjoy two reception rooms, well-equipped kitchen, a low ma..."
"VENDOR FOUND! This DETACHED BUNGALOW is tucked away in a CUL-DE-SAC setting, with off road parking and a GARAGE to rear, along with SURPRISINGLY PRIVATE GARDENS. The property benefits from REPLACEMENT uPVC DOUBLE GLAZING and gas fired CENTRAL HEATING BOILER in recent years, along with a neutral..."
"*3D VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE* *THREE BEDROOMS OFF LANDING* *GENEROUS REAR GARDEN* Situated just off the Dereham Road within striking distance of the UEA & N+N hospital, this three bedroom end terraced property is presented in good order throughout by the current owner, boasting extensive rear garde..."
"Great first time purchase! This three bedroom mid-terrace property is located just on the outskirts of the city centre, with regular bus routes and only a 5 minute drive into the centre. Boasting a bright and airy feel in turn-key condition you can enjoy two reception rooms, well-equipped kitchen..."
"***A fully refurbished and immaculate three bedroom 1930's end-terrace house situated in this quiet residential location which lies just east of Norwich City Centre, just off Aylsham Road. ***"
"**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY CLOSE BY TO THE UNIVERSITY** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this three bedroom, semi detached house located to the west of Norwich close by to the University of East Anglia. Accommodation comprises entrance porch, lounge and kitchen to the ground floor. On the first..."
This very attractive Victorian City terrace has it it all on offer
"***A highly impressive three bedroom 1950's extended semi-detached house situated in this popular location which lies within walking distance of Norwich's UEA and hospital, on the western fringe of Norwich City Centre. ***"
"**EXTENDED END TERRACE HOUSE WITH A NEWLY FITTED KITCHEN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, END TERRACE HOUSE situated in the highly sought after suburb of Hellesdon. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge/diner, MODERN KITCHEN and conservatory to the gro..."
"TEMPTING TERRACED HOME! With bi - fold doors, a modern interior and parking too, this family sized house is a must see! The property offers three bedrooms, a spacious lounge - dining room, a modern bathroom suite, a garage and a landscaped, low maintenance, garden. Call us now to view!"
"Lovely terrace house with three bedrooms situated in the up and coming popular Silver Triangle with non bisected garden. Walking distance to the City centre. Well presented and well maintained throughout. Light, bright and airy with spacious rooms. Comprising Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Rea..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** Two bedroom semi-detached bungalow with a 16'6"" lounge, garage and driveway, end of a cul-de-sac location. The property would be ideal for first time or investment buyers. Early viewings essential!"
Three bedroom detached chalet situated in the popular suburb of Old Catton. This property has the added benefit of being sold with no onward chain. Early viewings are essential to avoid disappointment.
Situated with convenient access to local amenities and schools for all ages is this three-bedroom semi-detached house which is offered with no onward chain. This property is ideal for first time buyers and is available to view immediately. The accommodation on offer includes a lounge w...
"NO CHAIN! This GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT offers a PRIVATE ENCLOSED GARDEN and allocated PARKING. An extremely RARE FIND, this immaculately presented apartment has been under the same ownership since new, and is PERFECTLY SITUATED close to the CITY CENTRE, NORWICH CITY FOOTBALL CLUB and A47. With ..."
"This ground floor apartment located in the heart of the ever popular village of Eaton is not to be missed! Conveniently located with a host of local amenities on your doorstep including a Waitrose, pharmacy as well as other local shops and schools. if a quiet, convenient location is what you are ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £250,000 - £260,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this beautifully presented and spacious second floor apartment set in the heart of Norwich's highly coveted Golden Triangle. The property benefits from off street parking and a private entrance. In brief, the..."
"GUIDE PRICE £250,000 - £260,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this beautifully maintained and spacious ground floor apartment set only a short walk to Riverside Retail Park and Norwich train station. The property comes with ample storage and a generous sun terrace. In b..."
***OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN**. Iconic are pleased to bring to the market this attractive three bedroom semi-detached bungalow in Hellesdon. In need of some TLC this bungalow is offered with no onward chain and early viewing is advised. The property accommodation comprises; entrance hallway ...
"CHAIN FREE VILLAGE HOME! This detached bungalow offers two bedrooms, re-fitted kitchen, modern shower room suite and a spacious sitting room. With a driveway, garage & enclosed rear garden, this chain free property is a must see!"
"A SPACIOUS one bedroom apartment benefiting from a sheltered WALK-OUT BALCONY, this is located within a POPULAR MCCARTHY STONE retirement living plus development."
Rare opportunity to acquire a timber holiday cabin with generous mooring and breathtaking views on the banks of the River Yare. Within easy reach of Norwich city centre and the railway station.
"Reserve by 28th February 2023 to receive:
• Upgraded appliance and quartz kitchen worktop
• Mortgage Purchasers: Move-in mortgage-free for up to 10 months
• Cash purchasers: A period of 5 years of no service charges
• Reduced reservation fee of only £2,500 for 1st time buyers, blue light or armed..."
"3 bedroom Terrace property just North of the City Centre. Boot Binders Road is situated in the NR3 postcode in a cul de sac and is a short bus ride to the City Centre. The City Centre offers a whole range of shops, restaurants, cafes, bars, and entertainment for all your needs. Norwic..."
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this well presented and spacious Victorian end of terrace home set in the highly sought after Golden Triangle area of Norwich. The property consists of in brief; sitting room, dining room, kitchen, bathroom, two double bedrooms and loft room."
"**CHARMING TERRACE BY THE RIVER WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE CITY CENTRE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE tucked away in Thorpe Hamlet within walking distance to the City Centre. Accommodation comprising lounge, dining room with open a..."
"4 bedroom terrace property on Devonshire Street Norwich. Devonshire Street is located in the popular NR2 location to the West of the City Centre. With a twenty minute walk to the City, and multiple buses coming through by the hour you aren't far from the action. Norwich City Centre of..."
"This immaculate and luxurious two bedroom City Centre apartment being part of this Marquee development which is located on the bank of the River Wensum, with brilliant access to Train and Coach Stations and bus route networks, Riverside Entertainment Complex and of course the City Centre. The pro..."
"This three bedroom mid-terraced house with a 19'3"" lounge, utility room and cloakroom, enclosed rear garden, driveway parking. Early viewings essential!!"
"FAMILY SIZED & CHAIN FREE! Offering family sized accommodation, in a much requested location, this Semi detached house is a must see! There is a drive with ample parking and a car port, a kitchen - diner, utility room and three generous bedrooms. The property is offered with NO OWARD CHAIN. "
"ATTIK are delighted to present this Victorian mid terraced property which is found in a sought after road in the popular up & coming NR3 area. With 2 reception rooms, 2 double bedrooms & a single, kitchen & bathroom and with potential to improve and extend, stpp. Call the team now to ..."
"**SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, TWO BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW located in a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC in the popular suburb of Costessey. Accommodation comprising entrance porch, lounge, kitchen, two bedrooms, shower room and..."
"**STUNNING MID TERRACE ON A FAVOURED NR3 ROAD** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, TWO BEDROOM, PORCH ENTRANCE, MID TERRACE HOUSE located in the highly requested NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance porch, lounge, dining room, kitchen and WC to the ground ..."
"***ENJOY CITY LIVING*** Live a chic North City lifestyle in this stunning two bedroom, two bathroom mid-terrace home located within the vibrant NR3 postcode. The property has been finished to a high standard with a neutral and bright feel throughout and offers a low maintenance garden...."
This FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY is situated within close proximity to Norwich city centre and train station. The property benefits from four bedrooms making it an ideal family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS GREAT PROPERTY!*
"**NR3 END TERRACE OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, END TERRACE HOUSE located in the highly requested NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprising lounge, dining room, kitchen and modern fitted bathroom to the ground floor. On..."
"A great opportunity to get onto the property ladder with three bedrooms off landing, bathroom and separate ground floor shower room. To the front there is off road parking and to the rear of the property a good size private garden."
"abbotFox are pleased to offer for sale this semi-detached, two bedroom bungalow, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac. East of Norwich City Centre, in the popular suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. Offering the ease and flexibility of 'life on one level', accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, sitting r..."
A two bedroom semi detached bungalow with private garden and off road parking. The property is in good decorative order and benefits from double glazing and gas central heating.
"An outstanding two bedroom purpose built ground floor, Riverside apartment, boasting exceptional river views as well as secure undercroft parking, situated in this sought-after location in one of Norwich's ever-desirable, Riverside locations."
"This well-presented two bedroom seventh floor apartment which is situated in the popular NR1 postcode, just a short walk away from Norwich city centre & the train station and is also close to Riverside Retail complex."
"CHAPTERS is a unique collection of bespoke townhouses, apartments and duplexes finished to the highest standard offering a true example of styles inner-city living. 12 Chapters is an outstanding and spacious ground floor apartment offering the perfect blend of character charm of the original buil..."
"**IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY** Extended end-terrace house with four bedrooms, cloakroom, 19ft kitchen/dining room, conservatory, cloakroom, en-suite and shower room. Early viewings are essential!"
"GUIDE PRICE £240,000 - £260,000 Set back from the road with a generous size back garden. This three bedroom mid-terrace property is located only a short walk from Mousehold Heath & Ketts Heights with picturesque views over the city, a short walk into the city centre through the Cath..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £240,000 - £250,000 UNIQUE GRADE II LISTED SPLIT LEVEL APARTMENT WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE CITY CENTRE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer with NO ONWARD CHAIN this STUNNING, TWO BEDROOM, SPLIT LEVEL APARTMENT located in the highly popular NR3 area of Norwich within walking ..."
GetAnOffer are offering this ATTRACTIVELY PRICED PROPERTY from a MOTIVATED seller to buyers that are in a position to purchase relatively quickly. This property has been PRICED to ENCOURAGE a QUICK SALE. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property for sale: Three Bedroom Terrace House ...
"Guide Price £240,000-£250,000- Are you looking for a family sized home with a larger than average graden?"
"YOUR PERFECT MATCH THIS VALENTINES - THIRD FLOOR, 1 BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH PRIVATE BALCONY - RESERVE BY 28TH FEBRUARY TO RECIEVE FANTASTIC INCENTIVES! Located on the first floor, this 1 bedroom apartment features a modern stylish open plan kitchen/lounge with access to a private balcony. Narro..."
"Cul-de-sac position close to an array of amenities. This two bedroom end-terraced property offers a generous size lounge with a spiral staircase, well-equipped kitchen, conservatory, two double bedrooms and a sizeable garden to be enjoyed. An ideal first time purchase or potential investment, wit..."
"abbotFox Bespoke presents this unique, 18th Century, Grade II listed duplex apartment. Having been sympathetically restored by The Norwich Preservation Trust, this home has been exceptionally well maintained and improved by the current owners during their occupation. Accessed via a priv..."
"Be quick to view this improved and updated terraced family home in a convenient location. Previously extended to provide stylish living spaces including a 17'8 kitchen/diner, lounge with multi-fuel burner, ground floor bathroom and 3 good-sized bedrooms off landing. Outside includes a 40' rear ga..."
"*** Guide Price £240,000 - £250,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer for sale this well presented first floor apartment situated on the sought after former Norfolk and Norwich Hospital site, within a stones throw of the City Centre. The property benefits from an open plan kitchen / sitting ..."
"SPACIOUS TERRACE HOME! Offering three bedrooms, two reception rooms, utility room, large rear garden and off road parking, this mid terrace NR3 home is offered in immaculate condition whilst being situated in an ideal location. "
"An established three bedroom 1950's townhouse located on the edge of Heartsase, a sought-after location which lies east of Norwich in an impressive non-estate location."
"Newly renovated two bedroom semi-detached bungalow with a 18'3"" lounge, a large enclosed rear garden and ample off road parking. Call now to avoid disappointment."
"We are delighted to offer a 1930’s solid mid-terrace property with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Situated in a quiet curl-de-sac, located in the heart of Norwich, Nr2. This newly refurbished 3 bedroom property benefits from a large kitchen which leads onto a beautifully maintained garden. Bother the living ..."
"Located in a tucked away cul de sac position is this well-presented three-bedroom end terrace house. Ideal for first time buyers or investment, this superb home is sure to attract lots of interest. The property is in immaculate condition throughout with generous accommodation that incl..."
"Immaculately presented with a modern feel this property is ideal for those looking for a home ready to move straight into! With a sizeable rear garden as well as three well proportioned bedrooms, this home is sure to suit any growing family. Located within the sought after NR7 postcode this prope..."
"abbotFox presents this generous, three bedroom semi-detached house. Situated within easy reach of a wealth of local amenities and norwich City Centre, this is an ideal opportunity for any young family or first time buyer. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen breakfast room, uti..."
"Characterful terrace with attic room and only a short drive into the city centre. This two bedroom mid-terrace property boasts a wealth of characterful features such as fireplaces, picture rails, ceiling roses to name a few. Boasting a bright feel throughout with neutral interior ready for the ne..."
"**QUIET CUL-DE-SAC IN THORPE ST ANDREW** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this TWO BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW situated in a cul-de-sac in the highly sought after suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom. Outside ther..."
"Guide Price £240,000 - £250,000. Spacious detached bungalow in an incredibly sought-after location. This three bedroom semi-detached bungalow is located in the popular suburb of Sprowston, only a short drive from the city centre amenities. You can find a range of schooling, shops, cafes..."
"***RECENTLY RENOVATED*** William's Way Estate Agent's are proud to present this delightful TWO-BEDROOM BUNGLAOW in the sought-after location of HELLESDON. The property offers a kitchen, living room, shower room, two bedrooms, small conservatory, utility room and rear garden. The home enjo..."
"BRAND NEW BUILD APARTMENT WITH DOUBLE BALCONY- RESERVE BY 28TH FEBRUARY AND BENEFIT FROM FANTASTIC INCENTIVES! Located on the first floor, this 1 bedroom apartment features a modern open plan kitchen/lounge with access to a private balconies. The apartment also benefits from underfloor heating,..."
"Well proportioned 3 bed end terrace home within a quiet cul-de-sac location in NR7. With a generous front & rear gardens, and room to extend the property if required. Close to local amenities and a short drive to Norwich City Centre. Vendor has found. Call the team today to book your viewing. "
****NO ONWARD CHAIN****Three bedroom mid terrace house which would make a perfect family home or first-time buy.Located just a short distance from the city centre and close to a number of local amenities.
This TWO BEDROOM UPPER FLOOR APARTMENT is situated on the popular development of Bridgemaster Court and would make a perfect first time buy or investment opportunity. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS GREAT APARTMENT!*
"Guide Price £240,000 - £250,000. Family home within a great catchment area for schooling with amenities and parks only a short walk away. This three bedroom mid-terrace property is located in the highly sought-after postcode of NR1. Only a short drive from the city centre where you can ..."
"Guide Price £240,000 - £260,000: Bright and stylish property located within the ever sought after area of Costessey with all amenities close by. Benefiting from two double bedrooms, master shower room ensuite, open plan kitchen/diner with fitted appliances and the welcoming living room ..."
"**SOLD BEFORE HITTING THE MARKET**BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED EXTENDED NR3 TERRACE** Situated on a popular road in the sought after NR3 area of Norwich is this EXTENDED, PORCH ENTRANCE, three bedroomed, Victorian mid terrace house with accommodation comprising extended lounge, dining room, modern kitch..."
"PERFECT COMPACT BUNGALOW! If you're looking for a well kept, compact, detached bungalow then look no further! Offering an 18' lounge/diner, fitted kitchen, two bedrooms, modern shower room and conservatory/garden room overlooking the low maintenance rear garden. Don't forget the garage and driveway!"
"Guide Price £240,000-£250,000. Providing the opportunity to create your ideal home and put your own stamp on it, Minors and Brady are thrilled to present to the market this three bedroom mid-terrace home located in the desirable NR1 postcode, just south of Norwich City Centre. Offering ..."
This well-presented Semi-Detached House is located North of the city center with ideal transport links into the city and the UEA. The property benefits from a large driveway to the front with a fully enclosed rear garden and three separate bedrooms on the first floor. ideal for a first-time buyer.
"Fantastic well-presented home ideal for a first-time buyer, the property is close to the UEA and local amenities. This also offers 3 separate bedrooms and is extended to the rear with driveway to the front for off road parking and the added benefit of a bar and Kitchen area in the rear garden."
"Guide Price £240,000-£260,000. Contemporary city apartment, only a stone throw away from all major amenities! This spacious two bedroom apartment is situated near the popular Riverside Retail complex where you can find amenities such as shops, restaurants, cafes, leisure centres and muc..."
">>NO ONWARD CHAIN<< This two bedroom semi-detached bungalow is ripe for modernisation and would make a fantastic family home or investment purchase. The property is being sold with no onward chain, early viewings essential!"
"Perfectly positioned within striking distance of Norwich's City Centre stands this deceptively spacious and well presented end-terrace home which offers a substantial amount of living space. This popular NR1 location boasts a host of local amenities just a stone’s throw away, convenient liv..."
"A one bedroom apartment with direct access to a SHELTERED PATIO AREA from the lounge, modern kitchen and wet room situated within a POPULAR MCCARTHY STONE retirement living plus development."
"CALL TODAY TO VIEW BEFORE IT IS GONE! This Two Bedroom Mid Terrace House in the West City area of Three Score is an ideal first time home. With two bedrooms, spacious lounge/diner and modern kitchen it makes for a perfect home. Externally the property also comes with a ge..."
"abbotFox presents this ground floor two bedroom apartment with full use of the residents' lounge, well-equipped resident's gym and concierge service. The apartment is sleek and practical in design with high gloss, soft closing kitchen units, an integrated fridge, freezer and washer dryer..."
"***GREAT CITY PAD WITH PARKING*** Book your viewing today of this fantastic two bedroom purpose built apartment located in Norwich City. Offering a secure CCTV entry system, a spacious open plan living area ideal for those who enjoy entertaining, two bedrooms, bathroom and secure parkin..."
"VENDOR HAS FOUND ***** Be quick to view to view this deceptively spacious semi-detached bungalow situated down a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC in the popular area of Clove Hill west of Norwich with accommodation comprising 2 BEDROOMS, fitted kitchen, lounge, bathroom, conservatory, garage, TANDEM DRIVEWAY and..."
"A 3 bedroom (3rd off 2nd) terraced house in need of updating and improvement. Offered for sale with no onward chain, this property has 2 reception rooms, kitchen and a ground floor shower room. Bisected south west facing rear garden. "
"This home could be your perfect match this valentines!
Reserve by February 28th and receive some fantastic incentives! Located on the first floor, this 1 bedroom apartment features a modern stylish open plan kitchen/lounge with access to a private balcony. Narrows Place has been designed to ap..."
"Guide Price £230,000 - £240,000. This WARM and INVITING HOME BACKS ONTO WOODLAND, with PRIVATE REAR GARDENS and a PARKING with a GARAGE to front. This deceptively SPACIOUS mid-terrace home is presented in EXCELLENT CONDITION, finished with gas fired CENTRAL HEATING and uPVC DOUBLE GLAZ..."
"With spring just around the corner, could you imagine sitting in this tranquil garden with your plants starting to bloom? This 3-bedroom City Centre terrace property is only a brief walk from the City. Ketts Hill is located to the East side of the City Centre, with great co..."
"Guide Price £230,000-£240,000. Boasting a GENEROUS PLOT to front and rear, this semi-detached bungalow positioned on the sought after LONGWATER LANE is perfectly placed for quick access to DEREHAM ROAD or through OLD COSTESSEY to the NDR and surrounding villages. With a WEALTH of POTENT..."
"The Church Hall forms part of CHAPTERS and offers a unique collection of quality townhouses, flats, and duplexes for those who are looking for the very essence of stylish city living. "
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN!*** A fantastic opportunity to purchase this TWO BEDROOM FIFTH FLOOR APARTMENT with fantastic views over the city! Offering an open plan lounge/ kitchen/ diner, ENSUITE to master and allocated parking - call us today for more information!"
"CHARMING COTTAGE FEEL... This is a lovely example of a city terrace. The property is bright and airy and is beautifully presented throughout. It comes with gas fired central heating, via a combi boiler, double glazed windows and a bisected rear with a brick outbuilding. The accommodation cons..."
A three bedroom period terrace which would benefit form some updating. This terrace is located on a non cut through road and within walking distance of Norwich City centre. Viewing is essential to appreciate the potential.
"abbotFox presents this two bedroom, semi-detached house. Having been exceptionally well maintained and improved by the current owner, this home represents an ideal opportunity for any first time buyer looking to move into a ready made home. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, cloakroom, loung..."
"***DETACHED BUNGALOW ON A CORNER PLOT*** £230,000-£235,000 GUIDE PRICE Iconic are pleased to bring to the market this two-bedroom detached bungalow situated in New Costessey. Offered with no onward chain this attractive property occupies a good size plot with great frontage and early..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £235,000 OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN*** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this ATTRACTIVE, SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE with NO ONWARD CHAIN in the highly sought after NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprises ENTRANCE HALL, QUALITY FITTED KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM, GROUND FL..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** A superb freshly extended and immaculate, three bedroom end-terrace property situated in a quiet tucked away cul-de-sac, just off Stylman Road to the edge of Clover Hill which lies west of Norwich."
"This well presented TWO BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR FLAT is situated in the popular NR3 postcode, being a short walk from many artisan pubs, restaurants and amenities to include transport links such as Norwich Train Station. This home would make a perfect first time buy or investment!"
Beautiful victorian terrace with original features! Not one to be missed...
"SPACIOUS MID TERRACE! Be quick to view this roomy mid terrace house, located just north of Norwich, in popular NR6! The property offers three bedrooms, a lounge dining room, an enclosed rear garden and garage set to the rear. Call our Norwich office to book your viewing! "
"This mid terrace house is located in a popular location on the outskirts of Norwich city centre. On the edge of the heath with a woodland outlook the property benefits from a generous size lounge with plenty of light through the bay window, to the rear is a large garden with further woodland views"
"GUIDE PRICE £230,000-£235,000**NR2 TERRACE WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE CITY CENTRE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE situated to the west of Norwich WITHIN CLOSE PROXIMITY TO THE CITY CENTRE. Accommodation comprising lounge, dining roo..."
"Characterful Victorian terrace only a short walk into the city centre! This two bedroom mid-terrace property is located in the enviable postcode of NR2, situated only a short walk from the bustling city centre with local amenities on your doorstep. Boasting a bright and airy feel with traditional..."
"** GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £240,000 ** Three bedroom spacious end of terrace with generous gardens to the front and rear. The property has recently been redecorated and had new flooring put down as well as a replaced kitchen and upgraded family bathroom."
"** CHAIN FREE ** Well proportioned THREE bedroom house comprising of a lounge, modern fitted kitchen and modern Bathroom. This home also features enclosed front and rear gardens, gas central heating and double glazed windows"
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! This three bedroom house to the west of Norwich is currently rented and is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Including sitting room, fitted kitchen, fitted bathroom, conservatory and gardens. Close to the UEA and Hospital, its perfect for first time buyers or buy to let landlords."
"This two-bedroom terraced property, located at the heart of the suburban village of Old Catton, presents as an ideal first home or investment opportunity. Conveniently positioned only two miles north of the capital city centre, Old Catton readily affords near access into Norwich whilst also provi..."
"FALL IN LOVE THIS VALENTINES WITH A NEW HOME? RESERVE BY 28TH FEBRUARY AND RECIEVE FANTASTIC INCENTIVES TOWARDS THE PURCHASE OF YOUR NEW HOME! Located on the first floor, this 1 bedroom apartment features a modern stylish open plan kitchen/lounge with access to a private south facing balcony. ..."
Situated with convenient access to local amenities and with excellent transport links is this well-presented three-bedroom end mid terrace house. The property has been extremely well maintained by the current owners and is guaranteed to attract lots of interest. The accommodation on of...
"Occupying a prime position on the ever popular Vincent road stands this well-appointed three-bedroom Victorian terrace. It's prime location makes this home the perfect choice for the busy modern day professional. Within striking distance of a host of shops, schools, pubs and everything that Norwi..."
"Modern detached bungalow in village cul-de-sac position, approx. 3 miles from Norwich, two bedroom accommodation, kitchen, lounge, shower room, single garage, driveway and small low maintenance garden. Energy rating D 56."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN... This ex local authority mid terraced home, is in need of some modernisation and comes with accommodation comprising of a sitting room, kitchen/dining room, ground floor wet room, first floor WC and four bedrooms off landing. The property has gas central heating via a back boile..."
"GUIDE PRICE £230,000-235,000**DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this TWO BEDROOM, DETACHED detached bungalow situated on a GOOD SIZE CORENER PLOT in the heart of Costessey. The accommodation comprises HALLWAY, GOOD SIZED DUAL ASPECT LOUNGE/DINING ROOM, ..."
"**EXTENDED MID TERRACE WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE CITY CENTRE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE located to the south of the city within walking distance to the city centre. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner..."
"YOUR PERFECT MATCH THIS VALENTINES -ONE BEDROOM, SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT WITH LARGE BALCONY - RESERVE BY 28TH FEBRUARY TO RECIEVE FANTASTIC INCENTIVES! Located on the second floor, this 1 bedroom apartment features a modern stylish open plan kitchen/lounge with access to a private balcony. The be..."
"***** NO CHAIN on this FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE in the popular suburb of Bowthorpe. The property has entrance hall, cloakroom, LOUNGE & DINING ROOM, conservatory, shower room, enclosed gardens and GARAGE ***** "
Extended Mid terraced house with two bedrooms and two reception rooms. This property has been extended to the rear and the reception room on the ground floor is dressed as a bedroom (so could be a third bedroom). The kitchen is a brand new fitted with new integral built-in appliances and with ...
"A very impressive and highly deceptive, spacious three bedroom 1950's townhouse located on the edge of heartsease, a sought-after location which lies to the east of Norwich. This area has great access to local schools and amenities."
"Well presented and ready to move into straight away, this ground floor apartment is located within the ever popular Daisy Hill Court development designed specifically for over 70's. This spacious one bedroom apartment is ideally located within the village of Eaton with a range of local amenities ..."
***ESTABLISHED SEMI DETACHED HOME IN FAVOURED SOUTH CITY LOCATION*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this well built family home located within the popular NR4 postcode to the south of Norwich. The property benefits from three bedrooms and is offered with no onward chain.
"Guide Price £240,000 - £250,000. Perfect for first time buyers. This three bedroom property is located in the highly sought-after postcode of NR1. Boasting spacious rooms filled with natural light, well-equipped kitchen, ground floor bathroom and a sizeable garden and driveway. Situated..."
"A fantastic renovated three bedroom mid-terraced house situated in the sought-after area of Thorpe Hamlet, benefitting from a recently fitted kitchen & bathroom, redecorated throughout and a private rear garden. Viewings are highly advised - call us today for more information!"
"Ideal for family life by the city, this three bedroom spacious home offers a ready-made interior with modern touches and a landscaped garden to enjoy all year round. Located just a stones throw from the city centre, surrounded by a wealth of amenities."
"**GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £240,000 THREE BED MID TERRACE ON A FAVOURED NR3 ROAD WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE located in the highly requested NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprising lounge, dining room, kitch..."
"Guide Price £230,000-£240,000. NO CHAIN. With POTENTIAL to ENHANCE and PERSONALISE, this end-terrace home has it all - RESIDENTS PARKING, GARAGE and ENCLOSED GARDENS - all within WALKING DISTANCE to the CITY CENTRE. The property has been a successful BUY TO LET for many years, but wou..."
"**IMMACULATE MODERN MID TERRACE HOUSE OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this well presented, two bedroom terrace house on the popular Dussindale estate within the sought after suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation comprises entrance hall, modern kitchen, loun..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this extended, two bedroom semi-detached bungalow. This property offers the opportunity for the prospective purchaser to put their own stamp on the property with a full refurbishment required throughout."
Daisy Hill Court is one of McCarthy & Stone's Retirement Living PLUS range and is facilitated to provide its home owners with extra care. An Estates Manager is on hand to manage the day to day running of the development and attend to any queries you may have. Within the service charge homeown...
"We are delighted to offer this exciting opportunity to buy this brand new, 2 bedroom house on a Shared Ownership basis. The full market value of £302,500 is available to purchase from a 75% share with a deposit of £11,344. (other shares available) Call now to register your interest.<..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** *DRIVEWAY PARKING* *GENEROUS REAR GARDEN* *FURTHER POTENTIAL* Situated to the North of Norwich city centre, this Victorian terraced property is superbly presented by the current owner, having been comprehensively refurbished throughout. The property bo..."
"Guide Price £225,000- This two bedroom terrace house in the heart of NR3 is ideal for First Time Buyers or Investors Alike"
"EXCELLENTLY PRESENTED PURPOSE BUILT FIRST FLOOR FLAT LOCATED WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE OF THE CITY CENTRE WITH ENTRANCE HALL, LIVING ROOM, 2 DOUBLE BEDROOMS, KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM, BATHROOM, SEPARATE WC, GARAGE, GARDEN, LONG LEASE, DOUBLE GLAZING, GAS CENTRAL HEATING AND NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"abbot Fox presents a modern luxury apartment within easy reach of the Centre and the Norwich train station. This property boasts two double bedrooms, modern fitted kitchen, spacious sitting room, three piece family bathroom and master en suite. The property benefits from a large balcony with part..."
"SPACIOUS END TERRACE! The end terrace house offers spacious offers a great blend of accommodation that includes two double bedrooms, a kitchen - dining room and a large lounge - dining room. Outside there is an enclosed low maintenance garden and parking. The property is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
FOR SALE BY LIVESTREAM AUCTION ON WEDNESDAY 22ND MARCH AT 11:00AM TO REGISTER FOR LEGAL PACKS AND BIDDING INSTRUCTIONS PLEASE VISIT OUR WEBSITE 
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this immaculately presented three bedroom terrace house, located in the popular NR6 postcode."
"abbotFox presents this good sized two bedroom semi detached house in a popular residential development close to the Norfolk & Norwich University Hospital and the University of East Anglia. The accommodation briefly comprises; an entrance hall, kitchen breakfast room, sitting room and gro..."
"CHAPTERS is a unique collection of bespoke townhouses, apartments and duplexes finished to the highest standard offering a true example of styles inner-city living. 8 Chapters is an outstanding and spacious ground floor apartment offering the perfect blend of character charm of the original build..."
3 BEDROOMS & BATHROOM OFF THE LANDING. IDEAL INVESTMENT & FIRST TIME PURCHASE. Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this over the passage Victorian terrace house with three double bedrooms and a bathroom off the landing and NO ONWARD CHAIN.
RESIDENTIAL PROPERTY INVESTMENT - NORWICH
"This home could be your perfect match this valentines!
Reserve by February 28th and receive some fantastic incentives! Located on the third floor, this 1 bedroom apartment features a modern stylish open plan kitchen/lounge, under floor heating and smart thermostat. The apartment benefits from al..."
"abbotFox presents this stylish, north city terraced house. With the property providing an ample, enclosed garden this home benefits from off-road parking to the rear. Internally, the accommodation offers two double bedrooms and a bathroom to the first floor, with two stylish reception rooms and k..."
"Great location with only a short drive into the city centre. This three bedroom mid-terraced property is located in the desirable postcode of NR2. Within walking distance to the university with regular bus routes available to the city centre and university, shops, parks and much more. Boasting si..."
"A stunning 2 bedroom Grade II Listed, Brick and Flint character townhouse, tucked away from the hustle and bustle, just to the north of Norwich city centre. NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"**GUIDE PRICE £220,000 - £230,000 MID TERRACE WITH OFF ROAD PARKING AND NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE located in the poplar Heartsease estate to the north/east of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge..."
"abbotFox presents this stunning first floor two bedroom apartment with no onward chain. Sentinel House is a residential development offering something Norwich has never seen before. Within the cultivated walls of this iconic landmark, Sentinel House delivers outstanding modern living wit..."
"Guide Price £220,000- Three bedroom mid terrace property a short commute to Norwich City Centre"
"abbotFox presents this enviably located upper ground floor, two bedroom apartment with a secure underground car parking space near the impressive main entrance of this iconic building. Accommodation in brief comprises, entrance hall, shower room, two double bedrooms and a good sized open..."
"abbotFox presents this spacious, purpose built, first floor apartment. Situated within a quiet residential development, within the sought-after NR4 postcode, this home represents an ideal opportunity for any first time buyer or buy-to-let investor. Offering a private entrance, the accommodation c..."
"CELEBRATE THE MONTH OF LOVE WITH A NEW HOME AND RECIEVE SOME FANTASTIC INCENTIVES! Located on the first floor, this 1 bedroom apartment features a stylish open plan kitchen/lounge with access to two private balconies. Narrows Place has been designed to appeal to all looking to enjoy the city l..."
"Guide Price £220,000-£230,000. This MID-TERRACE HOME offers REISIDENTS PARKING opposite, LOW MAINTENANCE GARDENS and over 870 Sq. ft (stms) of accommodation. Centred around the 17' LARGE OPEN PLAN LIVING SPACE, there is good built-in storage, a handy UTILITY/CONSERVATORY for further s..."
***SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION AND OFFERING CITY CENTRE LIVING*** William H Brown are pleased to present this well family home offering well balanced accommodation within walking distance of amenities and the city centre.
"***A substantial and established, exceptionally spacious terraced property situated in a quiet tucked away cul-de-sac location just off Plumstead Road, overlooking a large open green. ***"
"**CALLING FIRST TIME BUYERS** This three bedroom mid-terraced house with a 19'4"" lounge, utility room, perfect for first time or investment buyers. The property is being sold with no onward chain! Early viewings essential!"
Fabulous ground floor flat within walking distance of the city centre with a GARAGE
"Guide Price £220,000-£230,000. With close to 950 Sq ft (stms) this END-TERRACE HOME is situated on the fringes of COUNTY HALL, within WALKING DISTANCE to the CITY CENTRE and minutes away by car to the A146 and A47 for vehicular access out of the City. This MUCH LOVED HOME offers a WARM..."
"Guide Price £220,000 - £230,000. A three bedroom mid-terrace Victorian house which would benefit from upgrading and refurbishment"
"IN NEED OF MODERNISATION... This semi detached bungalow is in need of a bit of 'TLC', making it the perfect opportunity for someone to come along and make it their own. The property comes with a good sized garden to the rear, garage, carport and driveway, plus gas central heating,via a boiler whi..."
"For Sale by Modern Method of Auction (T&Cs apply). View, Bid and Buy this two bedroom semi-detached house with a 14'6"" lounge, conservatory, en-bloc garage and driveway parking and is being sold with no onward chain! Early viewings essential!"
"Don't miss an opportunity to acquire this chain free terrace house which is ideal for first time buyers and investors. The property benefits from being a blank canvas for someone to make their own home, this is located in the North side of the city close to a variety of amenities and transport links"
"GUIDE PRICE: £220,000 - £230,000 **PORCH ENTRANCE NR3 TERRACE READY FOR RENOVATION** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this PORCH ENTRANCE, THREE BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE located in the highly requested NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance porch, lounge, dining room, kitche..."
"LARGE FAMILY HOME OR IDEAL INVESTMENT This Victorian home offers four bedrooms over three floors, benefitting from new carpets and redecoration throughout whilst being in a great location with good schools close by and easy access to Nottingham City and Universities"
"A rare opportunity to buy a prestigious and fully let portfolio standing within a row of privately owned Victorian houses and apartments in the Park Estate. The Park was formed from the former deer grounds of Nottingham Castle, with many of the properties within the Park designed by n..."
"High spec clusters of 4/5 student property, Fully let and Income producing"
Student hmo property. Fully let and income producing. 5 minutes walk from NTU.
Exclusive Residential Development Opportunity with Planning for 9 Houses. 
"The all new Talbot House Aparthotel offers 18 unique, fully furnished spacious studio apartments, each with their own identity."
"A Grade II listed Italianate villa set in Nottingham's première residential location and within easy walking distance of the city centre. Perhaps the finest example of Regency architecture within the locality, featuring painted stucco facades and classical detailing, it is one of the o..."
A traditional detached family home nestling in the heart of this highly sought after location.
"An exciting opportunity has arose with this plot of land that has outline planning permission to develop 9 executive detached family homes in the heart of Linby, Nottinghamshire. The site is within close proximity to Hucknall for convenience shops and transport links into Nottingham City Centre. ..."
"****Final property for sale in this prestigious development, viewings available**** Plots 1 & 2 Sold. The largest of these stunning architect designed properties is a 7 bedroom detached house offering 532m² of exquisite internal accommodation that would not look out of place on ..."
"Strike is pleased to present this property in West Bridgford. This is a STUNNING, very unique FIVE-bedroomed detached house occupying a sought-after position close to popular local schools and all local amenities. PERFECT FAMILY HOME!! The property (in short) comprises downstairs cl..."
A stunning and individual Art Deco style five bedroom detached house tucked away on a large plot. A fabulous opportunity to acquire a quality home in this prestigious and exclusive location.
FHP Living feel privileged to be offering for sale this substantial period detached residence which is a rare visitor to the open Park market. 
A stunning seven-bedroom period home located in the highly sought -after Manor Park area in Ruddington. The property is set within its own secure grounds and has a wealth of period features with all the charm and character of a period home with all the space that a modern family desires. With ove...
"""The Glade"" will be an exclusive development that nestles just 8 extremely personal homes right in the heart of one of the most desirable locations in the Midlands. This beautiful setting is a stunning blank canvas with planning permission and outstanding architectural plans just ..."
A very rare opportunity has arisen to create a family home in a prime and highly desirable location in the centre of Wollaton Village with the additional bonus of a substantial building plot that has outline planning permission (22/02147/POUT) for a 1.5 storey dwelling with a private access drive...
A rare and exciting opportunity for a developer to undertake a bespoke project in a truly special riverside location.
"**EXCITING DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY** Purple Bricks is delighted to bring to the market a development opportunity with planning Ref: 22/01075FUL, to convert two Semi-Detached Dwellings to create 9 high end apartments. The proposed planning comprises of the conversion of the property into 7, Tw..."
A traditional five bedroom detached house built by Goodchild in this prestigious location. In need of modernisation. An individual five bedroom detached house with three reception rooms. This attractive traditional family home also enjoys a large mature South West facing r...
An individual designed family home extending to over 3752 Sqft of versatile accommodation to an impressive specification set in a sought after location.
GUIDE PRICE £1.3m - £1.4m. FHP Living are thrilled to offer to the market this immaculately presented four bedroom detached home on one of Edwalton's most popular roads. This property has been finished to very high standards throughout whilst offering generous accommodation and a large ...
Liberty Gate are excited to be able to offer this incredible rare Freehold opportunity to the market. The Cedars is an attractive Stucco style Mansion House converted to Seven grand apartments on the border of the highly regarded Woodthorpe and Sherwood. The current layout offer...
"Benwell Daykin are delighted to present to the market, this stunningly presented family home which boasts a fantastic pool and leisure complex, gated in-and-out driveway, and generous south-facing grounds with beautiful open countryside views. Presented to an exceptional standard and in a prime l..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £1,250,000 - £1,350,000 A RARITY TO THE MARKET... Prepare to be impressed with this four bedroom detached house occupying a substantial plot with scope for further development as planning has been approved for two additional four bedroom detached houses. This proper..."
"A beautiful and substantial home located in the heart of Linby village. Built in the 19th Century and sitting on a plot of circa 0.7 acres the house is full of character and features and has been maintained and improved to a high standard. This property offers versatile living to the full, with a..."
"GUIDE PRICE £200,000 - £210,000 A well-presented 2 double bedroom modern semi-detached family home offered to the market with no upward chain and ideal for a first time buyer looking to step onto the property ladder! The open plan ground floor comprises a spacious lounge area with French doors ou..."
"GUIDE PRICE £160,000 TO £170,000 THE PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY... This three bedroom mid-terraced house would be the ideal starter home as it offers plenty of space and potential throughout. Situated in a quiet, residential location within reach of various local amenities, regular ..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £1,250,000 - £1,500,000 PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... This substantial detached house is a credit to the current owner as it benefits from being much-improved with a significant extension, boasting spacious accommodation spanning across three floors and occupying circa..."
FHP Living feel privileged to be offering for sale this substantial period semi-detached home occupying a commanding position in one of Nottingham´s most sought after locations. 
"A stunningly presented, contemporary, newly built residence of substantial proportions. The property has been thoughtfully designed and built by the current owner, with an incredible attention to detail both in the design and the use of materials. The property also enjoys a generously sized plo..."
"A large detached house situated on a large plot at the end of a cul-de-sac in this sought-after area. The house is at the end of a long driveway from a walled entrance approaching the house, with large and beautiful grounds. "
"An immaculately presented and spacious 8 bedroom detached chalet style house, enjoying a head of the cul-de-sac position with the benefit of ample off road parking, a double garage, summer house and a landscaped private and enclosed rear garden, well placed for local shops, schools and transport ..."
"Stunning 5 Bedroomed, new build detached property nestled in the quaint village of Tollerton."
"A spacious family home, ideal for entertaining, The Hollies is a homely sanctuary, filled with character and only five minutes? drive from a tram stop that connects you to Nottingham."
Well located student property in the centre of Nottingham. Fully let and income producing ideal investment opportunity.
"Offers are invited for this greenfield potential development site to the market, the subject site is located on Lambley Lane, Gedling. The site has had a positive assessment by the Strategic Housing Land Availability Assessment for between 5 to 15 homes under the reference of G1188 through Gedlin..."
"William H Brown West Bridgford are delighted to showcase this beautiful cottage home, which comes with four bedrooms with a potential for a 5th, three reception rooms, secure parking and a beautiful modern kitchen to name but a few of the benefits of the home..."
"Simply stunning, are just two words that help summarise this remarkable Town house, which has been fully refurbished to a high standard by the present owners, situated within easy reach of the Nottingham City Centre and its associated amenities."
Fantastic Plot with Open Views * 3.34 Acres * Possibility of Development Subject to Planning * Paddocks * Out Buildings * Orchard * Formal Gardens * Double Garage * Four Stables with Electricity * Menage
"A deceptively spacious five bedroom detached family home, forming part of the exclusive St. Winifreds Court development, a small, gated community in Kingston On Soar."
A superb development opportunity - planning permission granted for five dwellings - located just outside the popular Nottinghamshire village of Lambley
"Portfolio of all two bedroom apartments within The Lambs Building comprising of four units. Fantastic views overlooking the Market Square and obtaining an annual rent roll of £72,000."
"FHP Living feel privileged to welcome to market this truly impressive property situated in an exclusive development of luxury detached houses within this established green location, a few minutes driving distance from the A52 and junction 25 of the M1 motorway. "
"This detached bungalow occupies an impressive plot which offers the exciting development potential to extend the existing property, or to build another dwelling within the grounds. (Subject to gaining the relevant consents and planning permission). The property provides gas centrally hea..."
"Nestled on a generous plot at the end of the highly sought-after address of Hallfields, this five bedroomed family home offers excellent family accommodation. Boasting five double bedrooms, generous proportions throughout and a mature private rear garden, sizeable side and front garden, a large s..."
"FHP Student Living are delighted to present this 12-Bed Student Investment Opportunity
Primary Location for students at Nottingham Trent University
Fully tenanted for the current academic year. Gross Income for 2022/23 academic year of £82,000.
Potential for rental uplift and gradual improve..."
Royston & Lund are delighted to market this stunning five/six bedroom detached cottage set in approximately 2.14 acres in the highly sought Rushcliffe village of Stanton on the Wolds. Offered to the market with no onward chain. Boasting a wealth of character throughout the accommodation...
"Situated in the beautiful conservation area known as Mapperley Park, within easy reach of the city centre and its associated amenities. "
A beautifully presented detached family home standing on a prominent corner position within the highly regarded and sought-after Nottinghamshire suburb of Wollaton
"ATTENTION INVESTORS – A rare opportunity to acquire a Freehold Development of TWO HMO apartments of 5 and 6 bedrooms. FULLY TENANTED AT £76,860 PER ANNUM OFFERING A GROSS YIELD OF 8% WITH HMO LICENSES CURRENTLY IN PLACE"
"GUIDE PRICE £150,000 - £170,000 NO CHAIN This wonderful two bedroom terraced home sits in a popular location that offers access to transport links with local amenities and schools close by with no upward chain and a large rear garden"
9 flats leased on an internally insuring basis to a registered housing provider.
FAMILY HOME WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN... We are pleased to be marketing this fine and substantial detached residence in an exclusive private drive affording great privacy and offering a wonderful family home of real quality. This property benefits from being improved and extended at considera...
"Strike is pleased to present this property in Nottingham. This stunning re-furbished, distinctive and impeccably presented, individually built 1930’s property is tucked away on a quiet and exclusive cul-de-sac within easy walking distance of Beeston town centre and public transport links..."
"David James are pleased to present this recently renovated, superb three storey detached family home which has been finished to a high standard throughout and is sold to the market with no upward chain! This superior accommodation boasts a spacious open plan dining kitchen (with the kitchen area ..."
"Royston & Lund are pleased to present this exclusive, detached family home. Accommodation is spread over three spacious floors and is located within close proximity to excellent amenities. Located on a recently built development in Edwalton within close proximity to well-regarded schools includin..."
Benwell Daykin are delighted to offer this beautiful detached house which occupies a fantastic plot in the heart of Calverton. The property has been extensively improved by the current owners to create over 3400 sq/ft of accommodation and the addition of a stunning top floor principal suite.
"Guide Price £899,999 - £950,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this heavily extended four bedroom detached family home on a highly sought after road in West Bridgford. The current owners added on a double storey extension to create extra living accommodation for a gr..."
"PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... We are pleased to present to the market this truly unique opportunity to acquire a stunning and striking family home, which offers spacious accommodation and ample storage space spanning across the three floors. This property is situated in the highly regarded ..."
"This superb barn conversion offers spacious and versatile accommodation, along with separate annex accommodation which would lend itself to numerous uses. The main property has accommodation including a lounge, a reception hall/dining room, a kitchen, a utility room, a guest wc, a games ..."
"This is a unique opportunity acquire a large detached farmhouse property which has an adjoining two double bedroom self contained annex. The property has been maintained to the highest standards and being tastefully finished throughout in a style that suits the age of the property, the accommoda..."
"A skillfully and stylish extended four-bedroom family home, located in central West Bridgford, just a short walk from the central avenue and local amenities, boasting over 2,460 sq ft of accommodation. The property has the highly sought-after open plan kitchen living area stepping out to the Sout..."
“Contact Pygott & Crone Estate Agents to reserve your spot for our open day on the 23rd March. The open day will include tours of two show apartments including a penthouse and on-site facilities such as the gym and concierge.” Penthouse apartment comprising of Open Pla...
"A rare opportunity to acquire an exclusive four bedroom detached house, tucked away at the head of a small cul-de-sac on a large and private, beautifully landscaped plot. Fabulous potential for an extension (subject to the necessary consents) this great opportunity is well worthy of view..."
"***OPEN EVENING - Thursday 23rd March 4pm - 7pm - Call to book an appointment*** A stunning penthouse apartment at The Yacht Club Riverside. If you´re looking for the peace and tranquillity of waterside living, look no further than The Yacht Club Riverside apartments. A prestigious river-..."
William H Brown are delighted to offer this well-presented seven bedroom detached property situated in a quiet location in Gedling.
Stunning Family Home * Utility Room * Study * Kitchen Diner Family Room * Ground Floor Guest Bedroom / Snug With En-Suite * Generous Gardens * Solar Panels * Under Floor Heating
"GUIDE PRICE £850,000 - £900,000. David James are pleased to present this superb characterful, three-storey, detached family home situated in the ever popular residential location of Woodthorpe and within easy reach of ample amenities and frequent bus routes to Nottingham city centre, QMC and the ..."
"This is a substantial double fronted Edwardian detached residence which has spacious six bedroom accommodation arranged over three floors. The property still retains many original features including Minton tiled flooring in the hall, solid pine doors to the rooms on the ground floor and first fl..."
***HEART OF WEST BRIDGFORD*** William H Brown are delighted to bring to the market this beautifully presented bay fronted detached family home with some original features and large outdoor space. To book your viewing please contact William H Brown West Bridgford today!
"A remarkable five bedroom, three reception room Victorian detached house on a private 1/3rd acre plot with attractive period detached annex, previously a billiard house. Sweeping driveway to ample parking, many original features, located within a Conservation Area in the heart of Sandiacre. Gre..."
"GUIDE PRICE £800,000 - £850,000 An immaculately presented & individually designed 4 bedroom executive detached family home which must be viewed to be fully appreciated, situated within easy reach of Mapperley's excellent range of amenities, variety of local schools & Nottingham city centre. The g..."
"GUIDE PRICE £800,000 - £825,000. Rare Opportunity! This beautifully presented property has been refurbished throughout and the result is a truly impressive home perfect for a growing or established family. Offering over 2,200sq.ft of internal space, this home is finished to the highest ..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £800,000 - £850,000 THE WOW FACTOR... We are pleased to present to the market this truly unique opportunity to acquire a stunning and striking family home, which was self-built by the current owners. Situated on a quiet cul-de-sac in one of Nottinghamshire's sought ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £800,000 to £850,000. WALTON & ALLEN are delighted to offer 'THE COVERS' this FANTASTIC EXECUTIVE FAMILY HOME, fully REFURBISHED to a LUXURIOUS STANDARD and at over 3,000 sq feet of living accommodation. Representing a FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY to own a truly remarkable DETACHED..."
"GUIDE PRICE £300,000-£320,000 BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED... This four bedroom detached house is presented to a show home standard and offers plenty of space throughout, making it the perfect home for any growing family. The property is situated in a highly sought after location with ..."
"HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION... This charming and delightful detached house sits within the heart of a highly sought-after residential location within easy reach of the centre of West Bridgford, host to a wide range of excellent facilities and amenities together with the City Centre and ..."
"A stunning five bedroomed period home within favoured school catchment areas, situated in the highly sought-after Nottingham suburb of West Bridgford. Having been renovated and extended by the current owners to excellent standards, this is ideal for buyers looking to avoid the inconvenience and e..."
A unique opportunity to acquire a superb contemporary split-level bungalow in an enviable village edge setting with considerable further potential - subject to statutory planning considerations.
"Nestled in the heart of Hucknall, this large detached home was previously used as a care home and holds plenty of potential and more than enough space for an array of buyers. Located only minutes from Hucknall high street - shops,bars and amenities - whilst sitting on prime bus links and offerin..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £800,000 - £850,000 A BEAUTIFUL HOME WITH A SWIMMING POOL... With this striking, detached house boasting spacious accommodation spanning across three floors making it a great purchase for anyone looking for their forever home. This property is well-presented through..."
"A beautifully presented contemporary four bedroom detached house retaining a lot of the property's original charm, occupying a quiet and peaceful cul-de-sac location well placed for local shops, schools and transport links including Attenborough train station. In order to be fully appreciated an..."
This is an individual detached property which is situated on one of the most sought after roads in Toton. Since being originally constructed this family home has been substantially extended at the rear and now provides four reception rooms and five double bedroom accommodation. This lovely home...
"This is a re-designed three double bedroom individual detached bungalow positioned towards the head of a private drive in this most sought after area of Long Eaton. The property has been upgraded to a high standard throughout having a Steven Christopher ALNO fitted kitchen and quality bathrooms, ..."
"Robert Ellis are pleased to bring to the market this beautifully presented and spacious four double bedroom detached house occupying a quiet and peaceful cul-de-sac location, well placed flor local shops, schools, transport links and the A52. An early internal viewing comes highly recomm..."
"A beautifully presented, substantial four bedroom detached barn conversion in a highly sought-after village location with double garage, off-road parking and well-landscaped gardens. Comprising:- Ent hall, lounge, dining room, dining kitchen, utility, four bedrooms, two en suites & family bathroom."
"GUIDE PRICE: £795,000 - £850,000 DETACHED HOUSE WITH ANNEX... We are pleased to be bringing to the market this highly impressive detached residence enjoying the most splendid size plot featuring a separate annex, a detached garage and beautiful south-facing gardens overlooking o..."
"A superb development opportunity, 1 acre development site with planning for 5 dwellings."
Royston and Lund are please to bring to the market this beautifully presented six bedroom detached family home in Edwalton with stunning views over the local Golf Course. The property offers generous and versatile accommodation over three storeys and benefits from ample off street parking with a ...
"This architecturally designed property was built just two years ago and boasts unique features including a mezzanine bridge that crosses the reception to open onto a decked seating area, and a basement level cabled and ready for use as a cinema, games and entertainment room. The propert..."
 Ivy House is a charming four bedroom detached family home located at the heart of the much sought after Nottinghamshire village of Bradmore. This period building offers a wealth of character and original features; in particular heavily oak beamed ceilings to many of the principle rooms a (cont.)
"An extended, stunning five-bedroom period home, located in highly sought-after school catchment areas, in the popular Nottingham suburb of West Bridgford. Boasting accommodation over three floors, five well-proportioned bedrooms, and a recently constructed impressive rear extension with open plan..."
"** This property is for sale by Modern Method of Auction and viewer/bidder information will be shared with the Auctioneer, IAM-Sold. A non-refundable Reservation Fee of 4.2% of the purchase price inc VAT, subject to a minimum of £6,000 inc VAT is payable by the winning bidder ** ..."
" Benjamins are delighted to welcome to the market this beautiful five-bedroom extended property with original period features, located in highly sought-after area of West Bridgford. The property briefly comprises; a generous reception porch with a characterful stain glass windows, (cont.)"
"Guide price £760,000-£785,000. An impressive five bedroom detached home perfectly placed in the heart of Gamston Village. Boasting generous proportions throughout two storeys of family accommodation. On entry you are welcomed by a spacious porch and reception hall leading to the ..."
**A MUST VIEW** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home situated within one of Nottinghamshire's most sought after locations. The property includes planning permission for a double rear extension with loft conversion turning the the curre...
"Tucked away in the corner of this prestigious Cul-de-sac backing onto Wollaton Hall & Deer Park, this substantial detached home is surrounded by beautifully presented landscaped gardens, a sweeping driveway for several vehicles & also has three bedrooms & two reception rooms. Convenie..."
"Liberty Gate are proud to offer to the sales market this spacious family home, benefitting 8 Bedrooms as well as extensive reception spaces. The home is positioned in the sought after suburb of Wollaton with excellent transport links, also comfortably sitting in the catchment area for Fe..."
"With all the benefits of a new renovation within a traditional detached shell, this is a truly stunning and bespoke family home with brand new dining kitchen and a fabulous principal bedroom suite. A flexible and thoughtful layout designed by the current owners who are able to offer no c..."
"*** IMPRESSIVE SUBSTANTIAL FAMILY HOME WITH SELF CONTAINED ANNEX *** If you're looking for a substantial property with versatile living accommodation, prepare to be blown away by this superb home nestled away on a private drive. "
"SPACIOUS TERRACED-BUNGALOW... GUIDE PRICE: £170,000 - £180,000. This one-bedroom mid-terraced bungalow is established in Edwalton and would suit anyone looking to downsize without compromising on space. This property is situated in a sought-after area near West Bridgford Town C..."
FHP living are thrilled to offer to the market these fantastic new build homes within the quaint and sought-after Wilford Village. Plots 1 to 5 are available to reserve now! 
An impressive six bedroom family home located within the heart of Nottingham’s professional quarter
"GUIDE PRICE: £750,000 - £775,000 DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH ANNEXE... A rare opportunity to acquire a large six bedroom detached house featuring a fantastic self-contained annexe, providing versatile accommodation for a range of buyers. This well-presented property is situated in..."
"Riverside is a brand new, waterside development by Peter James Homes, consisting of 34 luxury apartments sitting on the banks of the River Trent. Apartment 34 is a unique Penthouse, occupying the entire fifth floor of Riverside 1 with the added benefit of a spacious balcony,spanning the entire wi..."
CALLING ALL LANDLORDS – RARE OPPORTUNITY TO EXPAND YOUR PORTFOLIOBelvoir West Bridgford are delighted to bring to the market this newly renovated block of 4 apartments in West Bridgford.
"GUIDE PRICE: £750,000 - £800,000 BURSTING WITH CHARACTER... This substantial detached house is located in an exclusive and highly sought after residential location, within easy reach to the centre of West Bridgford, boasting a wide range of excellent facilities and amenities tog..."
FHP Living feel privileged to be offering for sale a most charming detached cottage believed to have been originally constructed in the 17th Century. Situated in a delightful location the property is opposite the Attenborough bowling club and located next to the Attenborough cricket club and the ...
This is an individual detached four or five bedroom home positioned on a plot which is approx. ¾ of an acre in size. The property provides spacious family accommodation arranged on two floors and now benefits from a 22 panel solar panel system fitted over the past year which significantly reduce...
"18 bed HMO in 0.17 acre site with ample parking. Fully let producing £80,280 per annum inclusive of running costs. Each unit has its own WC and shower room and generally benefits from laminate floor coverings, electric heating and LED lights. There are two shared kitchens per floor. A1 and the ..."
"Guide Price - £725,000 - £750,000 - Fabulous Family Home in the highly desirable village of Woodborough, with a superb sun terrace offering incredible countryside views. Perfect for families looking for their forever home"
**A MUST VIEW** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this beautifully presented SIX bedroom detached family home situated within one of Nottinghamshire's most sought after locations in the heart of Lambley. The property it is ideally positioned close to local village pubs as well the sought after...
"Riverside is a brand new, waterside development by Peter James Homes, consisting of 34 luxury apartments sitting on the banks of the River Trent. Apartment 23 is a unique three bedroom duplex apartment, situated over the third and fourth floors with the added benefit of two spacious balconies, al..."
"Are you looking for a large, grand and traditional home in Long Eaton within walking distance of Trent College? This statement home is well known in Long Eaton. Situated on the corner of the Parkside Estate, this family home boasts space, traditional features and further potential! Boasting a sev..."
"GUIDE PRICE £725,000 - £750,000. A double bay fronted five-bedroom period home, located on the favoured South Westerly facing side of the street with the sought-after address of Henry Road which boasts an approximately 90 foot rear garden. The property is located in an highly sought-aft..."
"GUIDE PRICE £700,000 - £725,000 Thomas James is delighted to be marketing this immaculately presented detached home, which offers spacious accommodation that will suit the needs of a growing family. Arranged over two floors, the accommodation includes an entrance hall, dining r..."
"PRICE GUIDE £700-725,000 - This is an individual detached house positioned on a plot of approx. ¼ of an acre in size which is situated in this most sought after residential area of Long Eaton. The property offers spacious and light accommodation which includes a reception hall with doors leading..."
"Simply stunning! a beautifully improved residence, thoughtfully extended to create a stylish and spacious interior; with landscaped grounds to be enjoyed, and taking full advantage of the properties superb location, with open views to the rear. The property is ideally located for easy access to ..."
"Guide Price £725,000 - £775,000 More than meets the eye! This unique family home has so much space on offer and the most stunning views to the rear. This property just unfolds as you enter it. We were blown away by the amount of space and potential this property has to offer! Must be Viewed!"
"GUIDE PRICE £700,000 - £725,000 Sacherverell Grange is a stunning development by local developer Hawke Living. There are five exclusive bespoke family homes situated in the highly regarded village location of Barton- in- Fabis. The properties are high spec and spacious - perfect for any ..."
"**STUNNING FAMILY HOME** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this beautifully finished, individually designed detached family home situated within one of Nottinghamshire's most sought after village locations. With an array of stunning features, Meadow Croft is a four bedroom extended property whi..."
"This superb barn conversion, originally part of the working farm, has been converted into a characterful and spacious family home. Situated at the edge of the village of Ratcliffe-On-Soar, Chestnut Barn provides accommodation over two floors which includes a vestibule hallway, a breakfas..."
"A five/six bedroom detached family residence with four reception rooms, four bath/shower room facilities, impressive contemporary family dining kitchen, off-street parking and private rear gardens, small cul de sac, great for families and commuters alike, plenty of space for those looking to work..."
"Requiring some modernisation and upgrade, a fantastic opportunity to buy a two bedroom town house situated in a sought after location. The property is vacant and being sold with no upward chain. In brief the property comprises an entrance hallway, lounge and a kitchen diner with an integ..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £700-725,000** This is a spacious and very versatile individual detached property situated in this much sought-after Parkside residential location. Having two large reception rooms and four bedrooms the property also includes four bathrooms, a conservatory at the rear, a re-fitte..."
"Thomas James are delighted to be marketing this detached bungalow, Spinney View enjoys a private position on the outskirts of the sought after village of Ruddington. The property is in need of a full refurbishment and provides versatile living accommodation including an entrance porch, r..."
"FOR SALE BUY MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION STARTING BID £700,000. Your Move Nottingham is thrilled to welcome to the market this very rare opportunity to purchase this group of 9 self-contained apartments just minutes from the city centre. Stemming from the conversion of a..."
"Guide Price £699,950-£725,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to market this immaculately presented four bedroom semi detached property located in the heart of West Bridgford. Situated within walking distance to Central Avenue which offers a whole host of shops and amenities. This property ..."
FHP Living feel privileged to be offering for sale this spacious detached home with the accommodation creatively arranged over three floors.
"This grand five bedroom detached property stands in its own private grounds in a popular area of Hucknall, close to local amenities. This very private residence is exclusive and full of charm and character. The idyllic setting is within a large mature plot having gardens to all sides. "
"GUIDE PRICE £695,000 TO £715,000 5 Bedroom Detached Family Home | NO UPWARD CHAIN | SOLAR PANELS | SOUTH FACING GARDENS | Approx 2500 sq ft + DOUBLE GARAGE | - A beautifully presented and substantial, detached residence; with accommodation over three floors. The pr..."
"A rare and exciting opportunity to acquire four two bedroom apartments situated in this desirable development just a short distance from Mapperley Top. All units are currently let out and are generating an approximate 5.25% yield and benefit from a gated parking space, a light and contemporary in..."
"Stunning quality six bedroom detached family home situated in an established residential location mid way between Bardills Island and Stapleford centre, within a 15 minute walk of the tram station and with fantastic road links to Nottingham, Derby and the M1 motorway. The property has been meticu..."
A stunning four bedroom detached house with a stylish and contemporary interior and a particularly impressive open plan kitchen/diner and living space to the rear.
For sale an extended four double bedroom detached house that is extremely well presented throughout and benefits from three receptions rooms and additional downstairs shower room. The property has been renovated to a very high standard throughout and is versatile for any growing family. Additiona...
This charming Grade II-listed five-bedroom former barn is believed to date to the mid 1400s. 
"A spectacular family home with five double bedrooms and fantastic flexible family spaces. This stunning 3-storey, 5-bedroom home could accommodate a large, lively family, with room to spare. Featuring a study, it's ideal for those who work from home. There is also a convenient downst..."
"This unique detached bungalow has been architecturally designed and provides premium accommodation including a large entrance hall opening to an impressive atrium, a luxury fitted kitchen, a dining room and separate living room both with French doors opening to the garden, three double bedrooms (..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £685,000 - £700,000*** Discover a rare gem in the heart of the picturesque South Nottinghamshire village of Tollerton. This stunning five-bedroom detached family home boasts an attractive guide price of £685,000 - £700,000 and offers a once in a lifetime opportunity to (cont.)"
"GUIDE PRICE: £675,000 - £700,000 NO UPWARD CHAIN This modern four bedroom detached house will make the perfect home for any growing family. The property offers an abundance of space both inside and out whilst being exceptionally well presented. Situated in the highly sought afte..."
LOVE NEW BUILDS BUT DONT WANT AN ESTATE? Prepare To Be Impressed! This four double bedroom new home is set in the most stunning location! It's on a private road off Moor Road in Papplewick. It is being finished to the highest standard with no expense spared!
"It is apparent that the owners of this beautifully presented and significantly improved property have put a great deal of thought, time and effort into creating a very spacious and comfortable family home. Located in an elevated position in a popular road just off Chilwell High Road, the house h..."
HIGH-SPEC FAMILY HOME IN EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT... This four bedroom detached house is situated in an exclusive development constructed within recent years and features individually designed homes created by award-winning lead designer Guy Phoenix. Set in over 4 acres of mature woodlands ...
"GUIDE PRICE £675,000 - £700,000 WELL-PRESENTED DETACHED FAMILY HOME... This five bedroom detached house occupies a generous sized plot boasting spacious accommodation well proportioned across three floors whilst benefiting from a range of beautiful features throughout including ..."
"**Investment/Development Opportunity** Close to Heart of Hucknall Town Centre. Outline Application With All Matters Reserved for Construction of 9 Dwellings With Associated Access, Car Parking and Amenity Space. Planning Application Reference Number: V/2018/0734"
"Guide Price £335,000-£365,000. A stunning three bedroom semi detached property spoilt with space and location! This home is immaculately presented throughout and enjoys spacious open plan family living and a suntrap south facing garden. On entry you are welcomed by a porch and ge..."
"The Manor House is a beautiful Grade II Listed property situated in the heart of the highly-regarded village of Burton Joyce with accommodation including five reception rooms, four bedrooms & two bathrooms. Set in circa 0.25 of an acre with south-facing garden, extensive driveway, garage & workshop."
***UNEXPECTEDLY BACK TO MARKET. COMPETITIVELY PRICED. NO CHAIN*** An elegant five bedroom period property perfectly placed in the heart of central West Bridgford. This forever family home boasts sizeable proportions throughout three storeys of recently renovated family accommodation. This ex...
"Guide Price £675,000-£725,000. A characterful four bedroom Victorian semi detached home perfectly placed within walking distance of Central Avenue. Boasting sizeable proportions throughout three storeys of family accommodation. This forever family home is bursting with scope and ..."
"Tristrams are pleased to present this stunning four-bedroom detached family home on one of the most prestigious roads in Wollaton. The property benefits from ample off-street parking and sits on a generous plot, while also being within proximity to Wollaton Hall. To the front of the property, the..."
"This is a home with a difference. You'll notice it the moment you step through the door; the light, the layout, the sense of space in every room. From the front-facing study/dining room and centrepiece living room, to the stunning showcase kitchen with adjoining sitting area and feat..."
Existing Property Ripe For Development PLUS Planning Permission Granted To Create A Single Contemporary 'self-build' Dwelling * Tucked Away Off Nottingham Road
"Bairstow Eves are excited to introduce this beautiful and spacious five bedroom detached family home. Situated in the popular residential location of Gedling, within a close proximity of shops, schools and local amenities along with transport links to Nottingham City Centre. Benefi..."
"A particularly deceptive, stylish and individual four bedroom chalet style house finished to extremely good standards throughout. Ideal for a family or those looking for a bungalow with additional accommodation."
"Freehold Residential Investment capable of conversion into student accommodation. Current Income £33,792 per annum. "
"William H Brown Kimberley will be accompanying all viewings by appointment only, for anyone wishing to view please call the office today to arrange a viewing. To confirm once again this is a FREEHOLD PROPERTY SPANNING OVER 4000 SQUARE FEET."
* Period cottage with additional plot of land across the road * Large garden with countryside views * 3 Bedrooms * Opportunity to modernise and create a special family home This period cottage is situated in the lovely village of Lambley with a very large garden and open view...
An exceptional individually designed home sitting on a beautiful private plot measuring 0.53 of an acre or thereabouts in the Conservation Village of Bulcote. An incredibly rare opportunity to create a truly stunning home to new owners specifications & requirements. Viewing strictly by appointment. 
"WE LOVE THIS HOUSE AND YOU WILL TOO! This picturesque house has so much curb appeal. Located in beautiful Linby Village, it is walking distance to a lovely pub and local countryside walks. It has great access through to the M1 so ideal for any commuters"
"Guide Price £650,000 - £700,000 FOREVER FAMILY HOME! This four double bedroom hidden gem will be many families dream home! It has so much space to offer, private stunning gardens and double garage"
"DEVELOPMENT WITH PLANNING PERMISSION!! A great opportunity to buy this three-bedroom detached house with 1/3 acre 'L' shaped gardens linking up with Carmel Gardens, which is off Arnot Hill Road. Permission has been granted to construct a four-bedroom detached house (1400ft2 approx) adjacent to th..."
"A four-bedroom period detached home, nestled on the banks of the River Trent, in the sought-after location of Wilford Village. The property is part of a secured gated community and offers a fantastic family home which has good proportions throughout with excellent views over the water. "
"RARE OPPORTUNITY This three bedroom detached property is bursting with character, located in the ever popular area of Edwalton just a short walk away from schools, shops and open green spaces. With potential to extend and develop this fantastic opportunity could be your next family home"
"GUIDE PRICE £650,000-£700,000 * Period Property With Partially Converted Annex * DOUBLE GARAGE * No Chain * Walled Country Style Gardens * Generous Plot * Central Village Location"
"A stunning new build detached four-bedroom property situated in the desirable Alexandra Place. This ready to move into, Georgian inspired energy efficient home, is spacious and luxurious with all the must haves for modern family life. "
"**MUST VIEW, FIVE BDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME!!**
**GUIDE PRICE £650,000-£675,000** Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this spacious five bedroom detached family home. The property has been extended to the rear along with a loft conversion. It offers versatile living accommodation..."
THE HOME THAT HAS IT ALL Tucked away in a quiet cul de sac on a corner plot this substational five bedroom home offers an abundance of space throughout and would make a perfect family home within close proximity to Attenborough Nature Reserve and other local amenities
"GUIDE PRICE £150,000-£160,000 NO CHAIN! A characterful 2 bedroom ground floor apartment in the impressive Nightingale House, conveniently situated for easy access to frequent bus services, Mapperley's excellent amenities and Nottingham city centre. There's an entrance hall with intercom system an..."
"Guide Price Range £650,000 to £675,000. Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this beautiful family home bursting with character in the centre of West Bridgford. The property benefits from versatile living accommodation over both floors and is situated within catchment area..."
POTENTIAL DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY!! (subject to planning). Great location on the outskirts of Arnold and just a short drive from open countryside. Mapperley's thriving shopping area is only about half a mile away.
"Situated in the popular suburb of Arnold, approximately 5 miles north of Nottingham City Centre, this individual detached home configured over one level is a true hidden gem and comes to the market with full planning in place for the development of an additional 2 single storey dwellings"
"GUIDE PRICE £650,000 - £675,000 PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... This truly versatile detached house wouldn't be out of place on Grand Designs due to the beautiful design for modern living whilst boasting spacious accommodation throughout. Situated in an exclusive and highly sought af..."
BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED DETACHED HOME... We are pleased to offer to the market this substantial detached house as it offers spacious accommodation spanning across two floors whilst being presented to a high standard with a modern contemporary feel throughout whilst also benefitting from be...
"City Sales are proud to be marketing this modern four double bedroomed, double fronted detached family home located at the bottom of the cul de sac of Chancery Court in Wilford. In brief the property comprises of entrance porch, reception hallway, downstairs cloaks, study, dining room, lounge an..."
"Royston & Lund are delighted to market this bay fronted, detached, four bedroom family home set on a generous plot measuring approx. three quarters of an acre, offered to the market with no onward chain. The property would benefit from cosmetic refurbishment with the potential to extend..."
"***No upward chain*** Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market 'Mill Cottage', a detached cottage set on a generous corner plot on a quiet street in Bradmore. Steeped in history and still boasting a wide array of original period features including fireplaces and beams, the pro..."
"Welcome to Chaworth Road, West Bridgford. This beautiful five bedroom semi-detached family home, features off road parking, a home office/cabin in the rear garden and an abundance of original features throughout. Call the West Bridgford office today for more information!"
"Apartment 16 - INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, SOLD WITH SITTING TENANTS - A magnificent 1,580 sq. ft. duplex apartment finished to penthouse standards, with spacious kitchen living space perfect for entertaining with impressive views, mezzanine floor with 2 bedrooms and 2 en-suites."
"The Fletcher is a stunning 5 bedroom detached home with accommodation that flows beautifully on the ground floor from the spacious hallway. From the spacious hallway you access the Kitchen/diner/breakfast room, which runs the width of the home and has French doors to the rear garden, T..."
"William H Brown West Bridgford are delighted to showcase this fantastic Victorian, bay fronted, three storey home for sale, which boasts both original and modern features. Call the office today to arrange your viewing..."
"A stunning and substantial, contemporary residence having been re-designed and thoughtfully extended by the current owners to create a four bedroom home with three bathrooms, beautiful and sizable kitchen/family room and much more besides. The property occupies a good sized plot which allows for..."
"Plot 50 - LAST REMAINING PENTHOUSE AVAILABLE! A magnificent 1,356 sq. ft. duplex penthouse with 3 bedrooms, 3 ensuites, parking space, intercom system, spacious kitchen living space perfect for entertaining with impressive panoramic & elevated views of the River Trent. Superior specified penthouse!"
"Guide Price - £625,000 - £650,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this extended five bedroom Victorian semi-detached home in the heart of West Bridgford. The property benefits from a stunning kitchen diner at the rear with skylights and bi-fold doors, as well as off s..."
"Guide Price £625,000-£650,000. An immaculately presented four bedroom detached bungalow in the heart of Gamston Village. This property would suit a variety of buyers from those looking for one level living to families looking for sizeable proportions situated in fanatic school ca..."
"This beautiful, detached residence, is stylish and elegant throughout and presented immaculately. The property enjoys a substantial plot with generously sized accommodation; and is close to the centre of this extremely popular village, with its many amenities for the whole family. There are a r..."
"A tardis-like split level three bedroom two bathroom three toilet detached property with two separate staircases providing access to two individual lower areas incorporating two sitting rooms, family room and large games room. Other benefits include gas central heating from recently installed bo..."
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED CHARACTER PROPERTY... GUIDE PRICE: £625,000 - £650,000 This Victorian semi-detached home is a true credit to the current owners as it is beautifully presented throughout with a unique combination of new and original features including cast iron fireplaces,..."
"A substantial detached property boasting over 2,400 Sqft of Space including the garage"
"GUIDE PRICE £625,000 - £640,000. A superb three-bedroom bungalow that boasts over 1700 square feet of space, set on a Cul-de-sac location in the highly sought-after area of West Bridgford. With generous proportions throughout and a stunning extended family room to the rear with vaulted ..."
"***PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED***William H Brown Kimberley are delighted to bring to market this STUNNING FIVE BED DETACHED MODERN FAMILY HOME. Room after room after room, space for every member of the family. Call now to book your viewing on this large forever family home."
Rare opportunity to acquire a substantial plot and impeccably presented home in sought after area. Grand Designs opportunity. Veiwing highly recommended
A significantly extended and particularly deceptive four bedroom Victorian semi-detached house that has retained a wealth of original character and charm.
"A well presented end-terrace family home situated within easy reach of excellent local amenities, schools and frequent bus services to the city centre. Offered to the market with no upward chain, the ground floor accommodation comprises an entrance hall leading to a spacious lounge with a feature..."
"This is an individual detached family home which was built approximately forty years ago by a local businessman and for the past 30 plus years has been lived in by the same owners. The property provides very spacious accommodation which includes a hallway, lounge/sitting room, large dining room ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £625,000 - £650,000 - LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION - A beautifully presented, elegant period home with generously sized accommodation over three floors. The property occupies a good sized plot on one of the most sought after roads within this extremely popular village. There are a gre..."
"This is a substantial double fronted five double bedroom detached home built in 2017 by David Wilson Homes and being situated on the edge of picturesque open countryside, is just a few minutes from the M1, Nottingham city centre and the QMC, Nottingham and Trent Universities and other areas aroun..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £625,000 - £650,000 YOUR FOREVER FAMILY HOME... Prepare to be impressed with this four bedroom detached house as it boasts spacious accommodation well-proportioned across two floors whilst being exceptionally well-presented and decorated throughout making it the pe..."
"**HMO INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** Seven bedroom student HMO in the heart of Lenton. Currently Let until 31st July 2023 at £120pppw excluding bills achieving a 7% yield. Katie Homes are delighted to present this fantastic student HMO investment opportunity located on Derby Road in Lenton, ..."
"Situated in the prestigious Park Estate, occupying a corner position in this highly regarded and sought after location lies Alexander House, a modern and well presented detached property affording a wealth of features that will appeal to the discerning purchaser."
"LOVE IT..LOVE IT..LOVE IT! EXTENDED SEVEN BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE STUNNING SPACIOUS THROUGHOUT, CINEMA ROOM WITH AMAZING FEATURES AND HAS SO MUCH POTENTIAL TO ADAPT TO ANY FAMILIES NEEDS! This heavily extended seven bedroomed detached family home is a credit to its current owners. This ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £600,000-£625,000. A detached period home located in the highly sought-after Nottingham suburb of West Bridgford, that has been split into two self-contained apartments. Offering an investment opportunity, potential for an owner live in landlord, or potential for conversion ..."
"*Guide price of £600,000 - £625,000* Beautiful spacious detached property* Double fronted* Immaculately presented* Six bedrooms* Open plan kitchen/dining area* Desirable location* Close to local amenities and excellent transport links* Ample parking and detached double garage* Thre..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £600,000 - £650,000 ROOM FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY... This four bedroom detached house occupies a generous sized plot boasting spacious accommodation well proportioned across two floors whilst benefiting from a range of beautiful features throughout including picture rai..."
Eight-unit mixed use development scheme
PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... This five bedroom detached house is truly a credit to the current owners as the property has been completely transformed and finished to the highest standard with no expense spared to create a home anyone would be proud of. This property occupies a generous-siz...
"ROOM FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY... This traditional five bedroom detached house is situated in a sought after location within close proximity to a range of shops and eateries as well as great school catchments and easy commuting links via the A52, M1 and East Midlands Airport. Occupying a good..."
"William H Brown West Bridgford are delighted to have this detached, three bedroom, family home, which has a quality ground floor extension for sale on the very popular street of Repton Road, West Bridgford."
"Boasting a fantastic plot and great views in Burton Joyce, this large four bedroom detached home is perfect for any family.
Close to local schools, amenities and prime bus links whilst being surrounded by great areas for walking with family and pets. The front entrance comprises of a storm porch..."
"GUIDE PRICE £600,000-£625,000* Looking for a stunning family home with plenty of space and privacy? Look no further than this magnificent five bedroom detached property located in the sought-after area of Long Eaton."
"GUIDE PRICE £600,000 - £650,000 ROOM FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY... This substantial detached house occupies a generous sized plot as it offers spacious accommodation both inside and out, making it the perfect purchase for any growing family looking for their forever home! This propert..."
"GUIDE PRICE: 600,000- 625,000 STUNNING FAMILY HOME... We are pleased to present to the market this six bedroom detached house which not only offers spacious accommodation spanning across three floors but is presented to an exceptionally high standard, perfect for a range of buye..."
"*** LIVE THE IDYLIC VILLAGE LIFE *** This is a family home that really has it all. Enjoy breakfast with the bi-folds open in the summer, spend time planting veg with the kids in the garden, entertain friends in the spacious dining room. Whatever your boxes are, we're confident this stunning ho..."
"*TWO PROPERTIES ON THE PLOT FOR £600,000* **5 BEDROOM HOUSE AND A 1 BEDROOM SELF CONTAINED DORMA BUNGALOW** BRAND NEW TO THE MARKET, we have a fully refurbished 5 bedroom house along with a 1 bedroom dormer bungalow, both properties are to be sold together.  HOUSE On enteri..."
"ROOM FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY! GUIDE PRICE £600,000 - £625,000 This large elevated plot consists of two separate properties - a renovated five bedroom detached family home and a one bedroom detached Dorma Bungalow. Both properties benefit from a multi-car driveway, garage and extensive outdoor space"
"** BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME ** Reeds Rains are delighted to bring this grand family home to the market. Boasting with kerbside appeal, this property just keeps on giving! Comprising to the Ground Floor: Entrance Porch, Hallway, Dining Room, Lounge, Kitchen/Diner, Snug/Sitting Room, Conservatory, Uti..."
A charming four bedroom property perfectly placed on one of the most sought after central West Bridgford roads known as Florence Road. This forever family home boasts sizeable proportions throughout three storeys of well thought out family accommodation. Both modern and characterful aspects have ...
"Guide Price - £599,995 - £635,000 An impressive four bedroomed renovated Victorian semi detached property located on a corner plot on the highly desirable address of Henry Road. The property is set over three floors and has been recently upgraded to a high standard offering accommodation..."
"5 bedroom home. DESIGN-LED OPEN PLAN living. TWO EN SUITE SHOWER ROOMS. DESIGNER KITCHEN, integrated appliances, BI-FOLDS."
"Situated in the highly sought after Park Estate, lying within 500 metres of the Nottingham's City Centre and its associated amenities."
"Riverside is a brand new, waterside development by Peter James Homes, consisting of 34 luxury apartments, split over 2 blocks. Apartment 13 is a three bedroom Penthouse situated on the third floor in Riverside 2, adjacent to the beautiful tree-lined entrance of the development."
"An elegant bay fronted, four double bedroom period family home that has been extended to the side to create a fabulous kitchen diner with living space onto a lovely rear garden The property offers excellent proportions throughout with high ceilings, coving and the house benefits from wooden doubl..."
"Guide Price £595,000 - £625,000 Royston and Lund offer this fantastic Victorian Semi Detached property with off road parking to the sales market. Having been beautifully finished, this home is ready to move straight into for any perspective buyer. The property boasts perio..."
"A beautifully presented four-bedroom barn conversion in an exceptional village setting. Broad Oak Cottages is an attractive brick-built barn conversion in a stunning, village setting, benefitting from many character details including exposed beams and brickwork. It has been updated by ..."
"This really is a beautiful fully refurbished and extended detached bungalow which is situated on a private plot on the edge of this most sought after residential area. The property includes spacious, light and airy accommodation which will suit a whole range of buyers from families who want easy..."
A rare opportunity to acquire an individual and extended three bedroom detached house situated in a sought after cul-de-sac location within Attenborough village.
"A superb city home providing generous and beautifully appointed accommodation, which has been recently refurbished to the highest standards"
An immaculately presented modern build four bedroom detached family home in a lovely quiet central West Bridgford location on an extremely desirable road. The property is flooded with natural light benefitting from a triple height vaulted ceiling with Velux windows above the staircase and landing...
"An extended four bedroom detached family home which benefits from a substantial private garden backing on to Harrisons Plantation Nature Reserve. The property briefly comprises of an entrance hallway, lounge/diner, kitchen/diner, orangery, utility, downstairs wc, four bedrooms, en suite and bathroom"
"Situated in this delightful conservation area known as Mapperley Park, nearby to some local amenities and within two miles of the Nottingham City Centre, an opportunity to acquire a five bedroom semi detached property spanning three floors. "
This is a rare opportunity to purchase what was originally a row of three cottages which were altered some years ago into two homes with the accommodation arranged on two floors. This is the first time these properties have been placed on the market for over 100 years and they are now being sold...
4 bedroom home featuring EXCLUSIVE designer kitchen with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and French doors. Open plan living and dining area with BI-FOLD doors. Main bedroom includes EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM. INTEGRAL GARAGE.
"Situated in this popular part of Wollaton with convenient access to Wollaton Hall & Deer Park & Fernwood Schools, this extended family home offers flexible accommodation over two floors, ideal for a large family, with five bedrooms to the first floor & three reception rooms to the gro..."
"GUIDE PRICE £578,000 - £600,000. A four bedroom detached family home set on a generous Westerly facing rear plot, on a quiet cul-de-sac, located in a highly sought-after school catchment. The plot offers great potential for expansion, subject to planning, with the property boasting four..."
"Ashdale Gardens, Burton Joyce is a select development of just 11 bespoke properties, with an excellent choice of two to four bedrooms with a mix of houses and bungalows; something for everyone to consider. Welbeck House is a Chevin Homes, individually designed four bedroom detached home...."
" *Guide Price £575,000 - £585,000* BRAND NEW TO THE MARKET, A rare opportunity to purchase a highly versatile 4/5 bedroom property which occupies a generous plot with excellent communication links to Nottingham, Loughborough, the motorway network and East Midlands Airp..."
"This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a period cottage in the heart of Burton Joyce, which is circa 200-250 years old. The property comes with a spacious lounge with fireplace and adjoining second reception room, currently used as an office, also has the potential to be used as a fourth bed..."
"GUIDE PRICE £575,000 - £600,000 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION... This substantial detached chalet bungalow is located in an exclusive and highly sought after residential location, within easy reach of the West Bridgford town centre boasting a wide range of excellent facilities an..."
"This family home in the heart of Chilwell is extended, remodelled, and redesigned for the making of a great family home. This property has five bedrooms which includes one bedroom in the fully self-contained annexe which provides further space and versatility. Detached and four bedrooms in the ma..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £575,000 - £600,000 DETACHED BUNGALOW IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION... This substantial bungalow occupies a fantastic sized plot as it boasts spacious accommodation both inside and out whilst benefiting from a range of original features including stained glass windows, h..."
"GUIDE PRICE £575,000 - £600,000 WALTON & ALLEN are delighted to present this BRAND NEW DETACHED HOUSE situated in the popular leafy suburb of MAPPERLEY with its range of boutique shops and bars. The development offers LUXURIOUS and HIGHLY VERSATILE ACCOMMODATION that is well proportioned througho..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £575,000-£585,000*** Benjamins are pleased to bring to the market this truly unique individually designed four bedroom detached home. The property is situated at the end of a private road in the sought after village of Ruddington. The property enjoys a spacious f (cont.)"
"GUIDE PRICE £210,000 - £220,000 PLENTY OF POTENTIAL Situated in a great location with easy access to local amenities and transport links this three bedroom home would be a perfect first time purchase or investment. In need of some modernisation but with plenty of potential this is a must view toda"
"GUIDE PRICE £575,000 - £600,000...SUBSTANTIAL BUNGALOW This beautiful three bedroom bungalow offers plenty of space throughout in a quiet cul de sac whilst only being a stones throw away from Wollaton Hall & Deer Park and close to transport links. With no upward chain this home is ready and waitin"
"GUIDE PRICE: £575,000 - £600,000 AN ABUNDANCE OF SPACE THROUGHOUT... This four bedroom detached house would make the perfect home for any growing family as it boasts an abundance of indoor and outdoor space! This property is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in one of Nottingham’s..."
"The property is situated down a private road and the current owners have presented this property to the highest standard with orangery extension. The accommodation offer an entrance porch leading into a spacious hallway with bespoke staircase, ground floor WC, study with built in furniture, Moder..."
"**Currently Producing a Gross Rent of £46,620 pa.**Comprising ground floor retail unit let at £6,300 per annum and 6 bedroom student flat producing £40,320 per annum**Offers in region of £575,000 sought for the freehold interest**"
"Purplebricks is delighted to bring to the market this impressive detached property with large sweeping driveway and electric gates which gives the property privacy in a rual location. The property is located on the edge of Stoney Clouds Nature Reserve, giving access to countryside walks and stunn..."
"Ashdale Gardens, Burton Joyce is a select development of just 11 bespoke properties, with an excellent choice of two to four bedrooms with a mix of houses and bungalows; something for everyone to consider. Lambley House is a Chevin Homes, individually designed four bedroom detached. A gr..."
"Ashdale Gardens, Burton Joyce is a select development of just 11 bespoke properties, with an excellent choice of two to four bedrooms with a mix of houses and bungalows; something for everyone to consider. Rufford House, is a Chevin Homes, individually designed four bedroom detached home..."
"Four bedroom detached home featuring open-plan kitchen, dining and family room with integrated appliances. Double height feature ceiling to hallway."
"5 bedroom home. OPEN PLAN living & dining. Main bedroom with EN SUITE. EXCLUSIVE DESIGNER KITCHEN, integrated appliances, BI-FOLD DOORS. DOUBLE GARAGE."
"Presented to an impeccable standard throughout & retaining some period features, this extended four bedroom home is situated on a choice plot with convenient access to Fernwood Schools & boasts three reception rooms, a modern fitted kitchen, modern fitted family bathroom, en-suite to the ..."
"Guide Price £570,000-£595,000. A four double bedroom semi detached home perfectly placed only a 5-10 minute walk from Central Avenue. Boasting open plan living and generous proportions stretched across three storeys. This home is in catchment for Abbey Road Primary School a..."
"Guide Price - £570,000 - £580,000 | A beautifully presented and thoughtfully extended, four bedroom detached, family sized home; set within this extremely popular village, close to a wide range of amenities. Bulcote is located on the edge of lovely countryside yet is a mere stroll away..."
"Situated in the sought after location of Wollaton, within the catchment of Fernwood School, is this beautifully presented 5 bedroom detached family home, complete with a rear extension providing an open plan kitchen, dining and living area, a separate sitting room, utility and cloak room, a singl..."
A beautifully presented and well maintained four bedroom detached house with a driveway and double garage to the front and a private enclosed landscaped garden to the rear. An early internal viewing comes highly recommended.
"PLEASE CONTACT FHP COMMERCIAL . Freehold Residential Investment. Suitable for partial redevelopment/refurbishment subject to PP. Current Gross Income £35,160, potential to substantially increase. "
A beautiful traditional detached property located in the delightful conservation area of Mapperley Park with easy access to the City Centre.
"Guide Price: £550,000 - £575,000. This significantly extended Four Bedroom Detached family home could be perfect for you! Situated on a substantial sized corner plot, this property offers fantastic living space over two floors. Close to the thriving town centre of West Bridgford with ..."
"Guide Price: £550,000 - £575,000. Significantly Extended 4 Bedroom Detached oozing with character, boasting charm and style. Situated on a HUGE plot within a highly sought after Beeston location, this property has been happily lived in by its current owners, paving the way for its luc..."
"GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £575,000 BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FAMILY HOME... This four-bedroom detached house occupies a generous-sized plot, boasting spacious accommodation across two floors and is exceptionally well presented throughout, making this the perfect purchase for any growing fam..."
"A particularly deceptive six/seven bedroom detached house with accommodation arranged over three floors, situated in a sought after and convenient position within North-West Beeston."
"Substantial Victorian 5 bed detached dwelling .Accommodation to 3 floors. 3 reception rooms, breakfast kitchen with integrated appliances, conservatory, 4 double bedrooms, family bathroom, shower room. Split level double garage with basement workshop. Ample parking for vehicles, caravan, motorhom..."
An attractive 1920s two bedroom detached bungalow offered to the market with the benefit of chain free vacant possession. Displaying fabulous potential in this extremely sought after residential location this great property is a rare opportunity.
"Guide Price £550,000 to £600,000. Benwell Daykin are delighted to offer this fantastic detached house which is a superb size at over 2200 SQ/FT and occupies a beautiful mature plot which is approaching a third of an acre in size. With some cosmetic updating it would make a fantastic home."
"We are pleased to be bringing to the market this three-bedroom mid-town house with scope and dynamic use to be used as a four bedroom home. It benefits from spacious accommodation whilst being well-presented throughout. This property is situated in a popular location, just a stone's throw away fr..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £575,000 *** JUST LOOK AT THAT GARDEN! *** Located in the highly sought after 'Moorgreen' area of Newthorpe, this deceptively spacious detached would make an exceptional forever family home. Features include 4 bedrooms, multiple reception rooms and an ext..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £550,000 - £600,000 DREAMY NEW BUILD... This stunning five bedroom detached house is exceptionally well presented boasting of modern spacious accommodation with high spec integrated appliances also benefitting from neutral décor spanning of luxury accommodation over..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £600,000 *** *** PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED! *** What is there NOT to love about this detached home on a prime street in the village of Watnall. Particularly appealing to families, the accommodation is arranged over 3 floors and boasts a wealth of luxury mod..."
"Guide Price £550,000 to £565,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this four bedroom detached family home in West Bridgford. The property is situated on a generous plot with a double driveway, and is located within catchment area for highly popular local schools. <..."
"Guide Price £550,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to market this four bedroom semi-detached property in the heart of West Bridgford. Situated within walking distance to Central Avenue and Supermarkets, the property is in a great location for school catchment areas and access to local sho..."
"Guide price £550,000-£595.000. A charming five bedroom Victorian semi detached house. Offering sizeable proportions throughout three storeys of family accommodation. In brief the accommodation comprises an entrance hall, spacious lounge, family room, a modern open plan kitchen di..."
"GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £575,000. A deceptive three-storey detached family home which is full of character throughout, situated in the popular location of Gedling Village and within close proximity of well-regarded schools, local shops and also frequent transport links to the city centre. The prop..."
"550,000 - 600,000 Nestled on a great plot in Carrington, on the cusp of Sherwood this large six bedroom detached family home is fantastic for any family - and benefits from no upward chain. Sitting on prime bus links, in walking distance to Sherwood shops/bars and restaurants and close to local..."
"** TRADITIONAL DETACHED HOME ** EXTENDED ACCOMMODATION ** 4 BEDROOMS, 3 RECEPTIONS ** ENSUITE & MAIN BATHROOM ** OPEN PLAN LIVING / DINING KITCHEN ** UTILITY & GROUND FLOOR CLOAKROOM ** GOOD LEVEL OF PARKING ** ESTABLISHED REAR GARDEN ** PANORAMIC OPEN ASPECT TO THE FRONT **"
"GREAT-SIZED FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom detached house occupies a generous-sized corner plot as the property boasts spacious accommodation both inside and out whilst being sold to the market with no upward chain, making it the perfect home for any growing family. This property is si..."
A most attractive character barn conversion situated in this semi-rural village perfectly located for numerous amenities and excellent transport network. The property would ideally suit a commuter family wishing to escape to the country. The property boasts a number of genuine character feature...
"GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £575,000 Royston & Lund are pleased to present this well-presented, modern detached family home in Edwalton to the sales market. This property is situated within an ever growing area with amenities including a supermarket, garden centre and schools including Rosecl..."
"A FANTASTIC FOUR BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE IN NOTTINGHAMS PRESTIGIOUS PARK ESTATE, PACKED WITH A WEALTH OF FEATURES THIS AMAZING PROPERTY IS A MUST VIEW!! Guide Price £550,000-£575,000 Frank Innes are delighted to welcome to the market this prestigious four bedroom townh..."
A beautifully presented individual extended five bedroom detached house with a deceptive and versatile interior.
"GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £575,000 PRESTIGE LIVING This stunning town house is one to view now, with views over the tennis courts, four bedrooms, two en suites, two balconies and spacious accommodation throughout this is the one you have been waiting for in the most prestigious location of The Park"
"A recently built four bedroom detached family home boasting a larger than average rear garden in sought after Edwalton. The property is offered for sale with no upward chain and the accommodation consists of entrance hall, cloak cupboard, downstairs WC, home office, kitchen diner and living room...."
GENEROUSLY PROPORTIONED HOME * Modern Kitchen/Diner * UTILITY ROOM * Modern Bathroom and Shower Room * Double Bedrooms * FEATURE CURVED WALL TO REAR * Double Garage * Potential Of Further Development To Roof Space (subject to the necessary regulations and planning approval)
"GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £600,000. An immaculately presented detached cottage situated in the highly sought after village location of Woodborough and within close proximity of local pubs, a shop and well-regarded schools. To the ground floor the property boasts a good-sized lounge with an original ..."
A fantastic opportunity for any developers currently looking for your next project!! Development Opportunity with Planning Permission Approval for Four Detached Bungalows - Call for further information
"Stunning Period Property With Fantastic Size Rear Garden!
This property boasts many original features including fireplaces, stained glass windows and picture rails, and in excellent decorative condition, making this an ideal choice for those looking for a more traditional home to make their own. ..."
"An impressive four-bedroom detached family home boasting a double garage and ample off-street parking, situated in a popular location close to Attenborough Nature Reserve and various local amenities. Suitable for a wide range of potential buyers especially families looking to upsize. An..."
"Guide Price £550,000 - £560,000 Beautifully Presented Property With Many Original Features!
The property benefits from off street parking , a landscaped garden to the rear and cellar providing plenty of storage and utility area.
Accommodation comprises ; Entrance hall , front reception room with..."
An impressive and spacious five bedroom detached family home situated within a modern cul-de-sac just off Digby Avenue. The property also has a detached double garage with electric door and accommodation over three floors. Viewing strongly advised!
"An immaculate executive detached family house and original show home on a desirable development just off Spring Lane, with Spring Lane farm shop close by as well as a Sainsbury’s Local and Gedling Country Park. The property also occupies a corner plot with a detached double garage with ample park..."
"GUIDE PRICE £125,000 - £135,000 NO UPWARD CHAIN! This three bedroom mid-terraced house is the perfect purchase for a range of buyers and has the potential to become the perfect home for a growing family. Situated in Aspley, this property is close to a range of local amenities, e..."
"William H Brown are delighted to have this beautiful and unique family home on the market for sale. This four bedroom, semi-detached house that is set out over three floors, is perfect for modern day family living and is located within a short walk to West Bridgford's Central Avenue."
An outstanding Victorian 3 bedroom semi-detached house with a loft conversion and impressive kitchen extension. Offering an appealing blend of original character complemented by high-quality modern fixtures and fittings the property is an excellent opportunity.
"This extended detached family home provides immaculately well presented accommodation arranged over three floors which includes an entrance hall, a lounge, a second reception room, an impressive open plan kitchen/living/dining space with patio doors opening to the rear garden, plus a utility room..."
"PRICE REDUCTION! HMO OPPORTUNITY! This 6 bedroom mid-terraced unit is currently licensed and being used as an HMO property, currently, well-presented is the recently renovated HMO to a premium standard offering 6 lettable rooms with 3 additional shower rooms. The property is currently sold with ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £575,000. A beautifully presented two/three bedroom detached home located on a corner plot, that offers elevated views across the city, with the sought-after address of Musters Road, on the corner of Boundary Road. This is a unique opportunity to acquire this attr..."
FOUR BEDROOM TOWN HOUSE on Tennis Mews. TWO EN-SUITES and MODERN THREE PIECE BATHROOM. IDEAL FAMILY HOME. OFF STREET PARKING VIA DRIVEWAY. EXCELLENT TRANSPORT LINKS Nottingham rail station LESS THAN A MILE AWAY.
"Extended to provide four double bedrooms, two reception rooms & an open plan kitchen diner, this well presented family home is located conveniently for Fernwood Schools, Wollaton Hall & Deer Park & Local shops & amenities. Situated on a larger than average plot, the rear garden is..."
"GUIDE PRICE £550,000 to £575,000 A stunningly beautiful period home that has been thoughtfully extended to include an annex; it perfectly blends classical features with contemporary flair. The property has generously sized accommodation over three floors, an attached annex with en suite..."
"An opportunity has arisen to purchase this freehold building in Radford that is currently arranged as 5 self-contained flats. The ground floor flat has its own entrance on Alfreton Road, with the remaining flats having a communal entrance on Thoroton Street. In total, there are three x 2 bedroo..."
"The Lutyens - a splendid 2.5-storey, five-bedroom, double fronted home, boasting views over three different aspects. Behind its welcoming and impressive double fronted exterior is a contemporary world of white walls and slick new features. Perfect for a growing family, or - with its ..."
"A five bedroom detached family home offering well presented and spacious accommodation, found close to local amenities, schools and transport links. With the benefit of gas central heating and double glazing, the accommodation in brief comprises of a hall, cloaks, lounge, kitchen, utility, dinin..."
"Outline Planning For Additional Dwelling For sale with no upward chain, this detached home has a larger than average plot with outline planning to build a detached dwelling to the side. Located conveniently for The Bramcote School, Alexandrina Plantation Nature Reserve & local commuter r..."
"The Chestnut is a superb double-fronted family home. The light and airy entrance flows well into a well-equipped kitchen/ diner with access to the garden. Taking in the remainder of the downstairs layout, this home offers a separate study for home working and separate sitting room. On ..."
"Guide Price £540,000 - £560,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this well appointed four bedroom detached family home in West Bridgford. Set back from the road on a generous plot with garden space on three aspects and a driveway large enough for several vehicles, as w..."
"Guide Price £535,000 - £565,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this well appointed bay fronted period home in the highly sought after location of Lady Bay in West Bridgford. The property has been extended to the rear and has some stunning views out over the Hook and ..."
"Includes 12 month mortgage contribution worth £15000! This extraordinary home features OPEN PLAN living, a kitchen with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, and BI-FOLD doors. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE and BAY."
"FANTASTIC LOCATION, BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FAMILY HOME! This four bedroom detached family home with a lovely south facing garden has everything you and your family could ever need"
"6 bedroom HMO located in Lenton, within walking distance of Nottingham University, QMC and the city centre. Currently let for the 22-23 & 23-24 academic years."
"Includes 12 month mortgage contribution worth £15000! This extraordinary home features OPEN PLAN living, kitchen with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and BI-FOLD doors. The master includes EN SUITE and BAY."
"Situated in the delightful Mapperley Park conservation area, an opportunity to acquire a property with the living space arranged over three floors."
This is a four double bedroom detached house which is well positioned for easy access to excellent local schools and other amenities and facilities. The property includes a reception hall leading to a through lounge and the extended breakfast kitchen with there being a conservatory which can be ...
"IDEAL FAMILY HOME with planning permission for further development to the rear, this four/five bedroom house sits in a highly sough after location with popular school catchment, an abundance of green open space and just a short walk away from a range of amenities!"
This is a very impressive extended six bedroom individual detached home positioned towards the head of a quiet cul-de-sac in this popular residential location. The property is tastefully finished throughout and includes an extended hall with ground floor w.c. off and doors leading to the through...
"SUBSTANTIAL PLOT This three bedroom detached home sits in fantastic location offering easy access to Central Avenue and good schools close by whilst offering a quiet residential setting, This home requires a physical viewing to fully appreciate what is on offer"
"For sale with no upwards chain a very well presented two bedroom mid terrace house ideally located in central Beeston close by to local amenities, walking distance to tram stops and local shops, bars and restaurants. The train station is also close by and is an ideal location for the Nottingham u..."
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! A beautifully-presented detached family home situated in a highly sought after residential location within easy reach of Mapperley's excellent range of amenities & the stunning Gedling Country Park. The property boasts a spacious lounge with French doors, modern dining..."
"GUIDE PRICE £525,000 - £550,000. A stunning four-bedroom period home, located in the highly regarded Lady Bay area of West Bridgford, close to The Hook and the River Trent offering well-presented stylish accommodation that is ready to move straight into. The property has accommodation o..."
"GUIDE PRICE £525,000 - £550,000 STUNNING FAMILY HOME... This five bedroom detached house is as good as the day it was built and is exceptionally well-presented throughout, offering an abundance of space inside and out. The property is situated in a highly sought after location w..."
"GUIDE PRICE £525,000 - £550,000. UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON THE MARKET! A stylishly extended three bedroomed traditional semi-detached home, located a 5 minute walk to the highly sought after town centre of West Bridgford. "
"GUIDE PRICE £525,000 - £550,000 Royston and Lund offer this impressive 4 bedroom semi detached property offered in stunning condition to the sales market. The property is within easy walking distance to all the popular and sought after amenities West Bridgford has to offer in a..."
"***OPEN EVENING - Thursday 23rd March 4pm - 7pm - Call to book an appointment*** A prestigious river-fronting Penthouse Apartment in this exclusive development by KMRE Group. Large roof terrace, high spec and wonderful views across the river Trent."
"Constructed in a traditional style, by reputable local builder A. Hinsley Ltd and blending seamlessly into the existing street scene, these two brand new semi-detached family homes are nearing completion and offer superb accommodation that is laid out over three floors. The light and generously p..."
"Guide Price £525,000 to £550,000. Immaculately presented throughout, this extended four double bedroom home has a modern fitted dining kitchen, modern fitted family bathroom & a modern fitted en-suite shower room. For sale with no upward chain & ideally located for Wollat..."
NO UPWARD CHAIN... This three bedroom detached house occupies a generous-sized plot boasting spacious accommodation both inside and out whilst benefiting from being sold to the market with no upward chain. This property would be the ideal purchase for an investor or anyone looking to put...
"Situated on popular Tattersall Drive within this prestigious location and affording a pleasant outlook from the property's front terrace, an opportunity to acquire a well presented three double bedroom home offering a modern interior together with spacious living. "
“Contact Pygott & Crone Estate Agents to reserve your spot for our open day on the 23rd March. The open day will include tours of two show apartments including a penthouse and on-site facilities such as the gym and concierge.” Penthouse apartment comprising of open pla...
"Guide Price £525,000 - £550,000. A beautifully presented Victorian bay fronted home with a large walled rear garden in a fabulous central West Bridgford location. The house retains the beautiful original period features throughout and offers two reception rooms and modern kitchen diner...."
"PROPERTY £525,000 - BUILDING PLOT £200,000 - This is a large individual detached bungalow which has the potential to extend into the attic and create several further bedrooms and bathrooms. The property is situated on a large plot with part of the land at the front having outline Planning Permiss..."
LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION. THREE BEDROOM DETACHED property located on Hambledon Drive. IDEAL FAMILY HOME with KITCHEN/DINER EXTENSION. BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED REAR GARDEN. Nottingham rail station LESS THAN THREE MILES AWAY.
"Guide Price £525,000-£550,000 Beautifully presented throughout, this extended family home is ideally located for The Bramcote School, Alexandrina Plantation & local commuter routes. Situated on a choice plot with landscaped gardens to the front & rear, this four double be..."
"Situated within Nottingham's prestigious Park Estate affording delightful views overlooking tennis courts, an opportunity to acquire a town house with the accommodation creatively arranged over three floors."
"The Aspen's unique design features, teamed with a number of traditional touches, give this home its unique and instant appeal. The property has a stunning open plan kitchen with dining room where guests will enjoy taking drinks outside through the stylish bi-fold doors. A separate si..."
"A modern take on a traditional design, this is a home you'll love coming home to. The front-facing living room is light and airy. The study takes the hassle out of working from home. The contemporary, open-plan kitchen/dining area is ideal for entertaining friends and family. †H..."
"** Guide Price £520,000 to £540,000 ** Thomas James are delighted to offer to the market this beautifully renovated cottage, standing proud centrally, in the sought after village of Woodborough. The extended cottage has recently been lovingly renovated to an exceptionally high standard b..."
A fabulous three storey period home which must be viewed to be fully appreciated. 
Four-bedroom detached home with integral garage and driveway built to a high specification.
"The Chestnut is a superb double-fronted family home. The light and airy entrance flows well into a well equipped kitchen/ diner with access to the garden. Taking in the remainder of the downstairs layout, this home offers a separate study for home working and separate sitting room. On ..."
Detached family home with open plan kitchen/breakfast and family room. Bifold doors lead to the turfed rear garden. Discover two distinctive double height ceilings to the dining room and and the landing.
"Versatile 4/5 Bedroom Detached Family Home With Integral Garage and 3/4 Reception Areas, 2 Bathrooms and Downstairs Cloakroom w.c. With a Generous Rear Garden Located in This Desirable Area of Bramcote."
"*Guide note £250,000 to £260,000* Three bedroom mid terrace property* Lounge and dining area* Recently renovated shower room* Excellent transport links* Close to Local amenities and Beeston town centre* Front and rear gardens* parking to the rear of the property* Please call now to..."
"**FOUR BEDROOMS** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this modern, beautifully presented four bedroom home. A lovely property located in West Bridgford, which is one of the most sought after locations in Nottingham. West Bridgford has a whole host of first class amenities including all grades o..."
"** GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £550,000** MODERN FAMILY HOME WITH SOUTH FACING GARDEN! This large FIVE BEDROOM detached home is in the extremely popular NG8 area and benefits from sitting on a larger than average plot and large windows allowing lots of light! The property..."
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £525,000 BURSTING WITH CHARACTER... This Victorian semi-detached house boasts spacious accommodation spanning across three floors whilst benefiting from a range of original features throughout including picture rails, ceiling roses, fitted cupboards and mo..."
NO CHAIN * Galleried Living Room * FOUR STOREY VERSATILE ACCOMMODATION * Modern Kitchen Family Room * Utility Room * En-Suite * Garage
CHAIN FREE SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME - This immaculate five bedroom detached house is neatly tucked away in the corner of a cul-de-sac and offers a modern and attractive interior. There's a cosy lounge with a beautiful fire place and a light and airy conservatory with lovely views over the garden
"*** GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - 530,000 *** Benjamins are welcoming this property in the heart of Wollaton, views right from the living room window of the stunning Wollaton hall and the deer roaming freely throughout the park! Picturesque as the views are, this three-bedroom detached pr (cont.)"
"PRICE GUIDE £500-525,000 - Being situated at the head of a private drive, this individual detached property provides four double bedroom accommodation with an adjoining fully self contained one double bedroom annex attached. This spacious property includes a reception hall with ground floor w.c...."
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £550,000. NO UPWARD CHAIN. A characterful, extended detached family home situated in the ever popular location of Alexandra Park which provides easy access to Nottingham city centre. The property boasts a good-sized lounge with a feature bay window, a versatile sitting room..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £500,000 - £550,000 PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... This four bedroom detached house benefits from the perfect combination of both new and original features including original chequerboard style tiled flooring, bespoke fitted shutters, handmade wardrobes and much more. T..."
"LOVE IT..LOVE IT..LOVE IT! DETACHED HOUSE STUNNING SPACIOUS GARDENS, AMAZING FEATURES THROUGHOUT THIS PROPERTY! This stunning exceptional four bedroomed detached home has immediate kerb appeal from the moment you pull up outside and not only does it have ample off-street parking to the..."
"DETACHED COTTAGE, FOUR BEDROOMS, SPACIOUS GARDENS AND STUNNING ORIGINAL FEATURES THROUGHOUT THIS PROPERTY! This exceptional four bedroomed detached home has immediate kerb appeal from the moment you pull up outside with an amazing garden to the rear that you dream of, once you've ..."
" **WHAT A LOCATION, WHAT POTENTIAL AND YOU WON'T BELIEVE THE SPACE INSIDE!** **GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £525,000** This amazing detached home offers so much potential and you'll be amazed with the amount of space assoon as you step inside! Upon ent..."
"Guide Price £500,000 to £550,000. Benwell Daykin are delighted to offer this extended, detached bungalow which is in a fantastic location on desirable Kirk Lane, a short walk from the high street in Ruddington. With three bedrooms, two receptions and two bathrooms it ticks all the boxes..."
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000- £525,000. A well-presented four-bedroom period home, located in the centre of the highly sought-after Lady Bay area of West Bridgford, that has been upgraded and improved by the current owners. An excellent family home ready to move straight into with accommodation..."
An individual three bedroom detached house in a delightful village edge setting on high ground with wonderful far reaching views across the village landscape and surrounding countryside to the south. 
"PRICE GUIDE: £500,000 - £530,000 Extended spacious four double bedroom detached house which is on an extensive plot with the potential to extend both sides and the rear. This particular residence is in need of some modernisation which has spacious rooms throughout incl..."
"GUIDE PRICE:- £500,000 - £550,000 STOP! You must not miss this property! Offered to Market with NO ONWARD CHAIN this fantastically presented property is right ready to move into. Finished to a high specification throughout, this property could be your next family..."
Room For All the Family! This 6 DOUBLE bedroom TWO en-suite detached family home has it all! Its in a great location with a spacious family kitchen diner and Papplewick village on its door step!
"Situated in the Mapperley Park Conservation area with easy access to the Nottingham City Centre and its associated amenities.
"
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £525,000. Tristram's is delighted to welcome to the market this double-fronted detached Edwardian residence which provides spacious accommodation that is arranged on three levels, with many of its original features. With stained glass windows, original fireplaces ..."
"** GUIDE PRICE: £500,000 - £525,000 ** This detached family home provides well presented and versatile accommodation that will suit the needs of any growing family! Originally a four bedroom home, the property has been reconfigured to provide accommodation arranged over two floo..."
"An extended, versatile and extremely well presented 4 bedroom detached house with garage and off road parking for several vehicles with further scope to extend with planning permission granted already for an en-suite bathroom and dressing room."
"PRICE GUIDE: £500,000 - £530,000 An extended spacious four double bedroom detached house which is on an extensive plot with the potential to extend both sides and the rear. This particular residence is in need of some modernisation which has spacious rooms throughout i..."
"** GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £515,000 ** Robert Ellis Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this OUTSTANDING FIVE BEDROOM, EXTENDED, DETACHED FAMILY HOME situated in MAPPERLEY, NOTTINGHAM. The home has undergone a large extension with modernisation throughout, allowin..."
"NO CHAIN! A well-presented two bedroom ground floor retirement apartment for the over 60's, situated within easy walking distance of Mapperley's excellent range of amenities and ideal for those looking to downsize and enjoy the advantages of single storey accommodation. Fitted with a 24 hour emer..."
Versatile Accommodation * Substantial Family Home * Garage * Kitchen Diner * Downstairs Cloaks/WC * Bathroom And Shower Room * Corner Plot * Cul-De-Sac Position
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £525,000 EXTENDED FAMILY HOME This generous sized home is ideally located within favoured school catchment and within easy access to a range of amenities and transport links. With two reception rooms, three bedrooms, en suite to master and extensive landscaped rear garden"
"GUIDE PRICE: £500,000 - £550,000 SOUGHT AFTER VILLAGE LOCATION... We are pleased to be bringing to the market this well presented five bedroom detached house situated in the highly sought after, award winning Woodborough Village with easy access to various schools, local ameniti..."
GetAnOffer are offering this ATTRACTIVELY PRICED PROPERTY from a MOTIVATED seller to buyers that are in a position to purchase relatively quickly. This property has been PRICED to ENCOURAGE a QUICK SALE. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property for sale: Spacious Semi Detached House S...
"Rare Opportunity! This beautifully situated Grade II listed Georgian manor house provides great potential and living, this five/six bedroom 3627 square foot home is located on a larger than average plot. This property benefits from many period original features, large bedrooms, multiple reception..."
"SIX BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED VICTORIAN PROPERTY This 6 bedroom house is packed with period features and located in the sought after area of Mapperley Park.
This property is currently tenanted but can be sold with vacant possession"
"**FOUR/FIVE BEDROOMS** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this spacious, four/five double bedroom period home. A rare opportunity to purchase a substantial Grade II listed Georgian family home providing spacious family living accommodation. Located on Stragglethropre Road close to both Radc..."
For sale with no upwards chain an extended impeccably well-presented four bedroom semi detached house that is ideally located on this desirable sort after road in Beeston. The current home owners have taken great pride in refurbishing the property to a high standard throughout. The property benef...
ENERGY BILLS PAID for a year & flooring included * Double integral garage * Quiet cul-de-sac * Faces vast OPEN GREEN space * Large SOUTH facing garden * 2 bedrooms with en suite *
"A five bedroom detached family home which has been extended and refurbished to a high standard. With gas central heating and double glazing the accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, open plan living/dining kitchen, snug, utility and ground floor w.c. To the first floor there are five bed..."
4 bedroom home features OPEN PLAN living with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and BI-FOLDS. Main bedroom has EN SUITE shower room.
"Guide Price £499,950 - £535,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this four bedroom detached family home with a one bedroom attached annex in Gamston. The property has been developed over the years to create extra living space to accommodate a growing family and offers ..."
"For sale an exciting opportunity to purchase this extremely well maintained Victorian four bedroom detached house that is ideally situated in central Beeston. The property benefits from three reception rooms, off street parking and period features throughout including high ceilings, picture rails..."
Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this substantial five bedroom semi-detached home in West Bridgford. The property has been extended to the rear to create an open plan family area and is situated within catchment area for some fantastic local schools. Entering through ...
"Located a short walk to the pedestrian entrance to Wollaton Hall & Deer Park & enjoying views of the park from the first floor, this traditional bay fronted home has been extended to provide additional bedroom space whilst retaining some period features. Situated on a choice plot in this ..."
"Guide Price £495,000 - £525,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this recently refurbished four bedroom detached family home in Edwalton. The property benefits from ample off street parking to the front and is tucked away toward the end of the road on a lovely private ..."
"NO UPWARD CHAIN - A well presented, three/four bedroom detached home that has been thoughtfully extended to offer an extremely versatile layout, to suit you. The property is located at the head of a cul de sac within this sought after village, just to the East of Burton Joyce. The..."
BEAUTIFULLY-PRESENTED THROUGHOUT... Prepare to be impressed with this detached house as it is a credit to the current owners due to being beautifully decorated and presented throughout whilst boasting spacious accommodation making it the perfect home for any growing family. This property...
"An impressive five bedroom detached family home on a sought-after road just off Westdale Lane. The property has been extended and has a beautiful mature plot, garage with remote door and block paved frontage."
"A spacious, four bedroom detached family home in the highly desirable suburb of Beeston. Occupying a generous plot with off street parking and a detached double garage."
"A four bedroom detached family home located in a cul-de-sac in Compton Acres, West Bridgford being sold with no upward chain. The property requires modernisation and refurbishment and has been priced accordingly. The property is situated within catchment area of some fantastic primary and seconda..."
"NEW PRICE - Student HMO Investment - Terrific Income Producing HMO opportunity in Dunkirk. Let for £142 pp pw on 51 weeks (£43,753 pa) for a gross yield of 8.78%"
Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this beautifully presented executive four bedroom detached family home situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location. The property is immaculately presented throughout and viewing is highly recommend to fully appreciate the size and standard of accommodat...
Auction Details: The sale of this property will take place on the 13th March 2023 by way of Timed Auction and is being sold as Unconditional with Variable Fee (England and Wales). Binding contracts of sale will be exchanged at the point of sale. All sales are subject to...
"GUIDE PRICE: £240,000 - £250,000 BURSTING WITH CHARACTER... This Victorian mid-terraced house benefits from the winning combination of both new and original features including upgraded kitchen cabinets, a new composite door, original wooden flooring, an open fireplace, high ceil..."
"Extended to provide five double bedrooms, two en-suites, two reception rooms & an enlarged breakfast kitchen, this family home is conveniently located for Wollaton Hall & Deer Park, and Fernwood Schools. Impeccably presented throughout, with off road parking for several vehicles to the fr..."
"This is an amazing opportunity to own a beautiful six bedroom student HMO near to the University of Nottingham and the tram stop. The property is conveniently located, offering easy access to all the local amenities. The property itself is spacious, with six large bedrooms, an open plan kitchen a..."
"Guide Price £495,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to market this four bedroom detached property on Boxley Drive, West Bridgford. Entering through the hallway, there is access to the dining room, lounge and stairs leading to the first floor. Through the lounge and dining room is ..."
Includes 12 month mortgage contribution worth £12000! 4 bedroom home features OPEN PLAN living with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and BI-FOLDS. Main bedroom has EN SUITE shower room.
"A well-presented 3 bedroom detached bungalow offered to the market with no upward chain, ideal for those looking to enjoy the benefits of single-storey living! Situated within walking distance of Mapperley Top's excellent range of amenities, the property comprises an entrance hall with cloakroom/..."
"***** GUIDE PRICE £490,000 to £500,000 ***** This attractive detached home is situated in the sought after and picturesque village of Woodborough, within easy reach of local facilities including two excellent pub/restaurants, a village shop, local church and primary school. Enjo..."
A first class detached family home in an enviable location convenient for Gamston amenities and schooling. 
"GUIDE PRICE £490,000 - £500,000 We are pleased to bring this beautifully-presented four-bedroom detached house to the market as it offers spacious accommodation across two floors, ideal for any family looking to move straight into their forever home. Situated in a sought-after residentia..."
"An immaculate detached family home in a private cul-de-sac position with impressive open front views, four double bedrooms, two en-suite's, stunning kitchen diner with breakfast area extension and a separate utility room!"
" Tristram's are proud to welcome this vastly extended five-bedroom house situated on a larger-than-average plot with reaching views of the local nature reserve. This property consists of an entrance porch, hallway, lounge through to an open plan living area, utility and WC on the ground floor. On..."
"A spacious family home with 4 bedrooms, sprawling kitchen/dining/family room and distinctive architectural features."
"A spacious family home with 4 bedrooms, sprawling kitchen/dining/family room and separate study or play room."
What a versatile property! This home offers flexible living space over two floors. With a master bedroom suite including walk in wardrobe and four piece suite bathroom. With ample off the road vehicle hard standing and low maintenance garden at the rear. The property would make an ideal purchase ...
"This is an immaculately maintained and highly appointed four bedroom detached home positioned on one of the largest plots in the immediate area of Toton. The property is tastefully finished throughout and includes a reception hall with a ground floor w.c. off, lounge, separate dining room, an ex..."
"An immaculately presented, modern, detached residence situated right at the very heart of this extremely popular village. The property, boasts a versatile layout with up to three bedrooms, two en suites, and a separate shower room, that would accommodate a wide range of buyers. The property is ..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire a lovely four bedroom detached family home that has been owned since it was built in 1989 by the Vendors. The property boasts a fantastic plot nestled at the end of a cul de sac with it's own private drive, ideal for families. The accommodation consists of entrance h..."
"Elizabeth Gardens... An amazing development of beautifully designed and crafted three and four bedroom detached bungalows for sale in Hucknall, Nottingham. "
"IMAGINE WAKING UP TO THESE VIEWS! Just Move are delighted to bring to the market this three bedroom detached property situated in a popular area of Nuthall. The property, which has had a significant single storey extension, benefits from three bedrooms, a lounge, a reception room, a large kitchen..."
Plot 123 * WEST facing garden * Cul-de-sac position * Spacious DOUBLE bedrooms with en suite & wardrobes to master bedroom * Stunning OPEN PLAN kitchen / dining / family area * Garage *
"A spacious, detached three bedroom family home requiring modernisation in a sought after village location. Generous plot with off street parking and double garage."
"An extended, detached family home situated in Gedling Village within close proximity of excellent amenities, frequent bus routes and well-regarded schools. The property boasts a very spacious lounge with French doors, sitting/dining room with a unique bar area, dining kitchen with a range of unit..."
"Extended and refurbished to an impeccable standard throughout, this three bedroom family home is located within walking distance of Wollaton Hall & Deer Park's main entrance and is also conveniently located for Fernwood Schools."
"*** Stunning plot with River in garden - A MUST SEE *** Nestled in the ever sought after area of Papplewick, this spacious four bedroom detached home is more than ideal for any family. Boasting a brilliant plot with spectacular views this home sits close to local schools (three schools within a..."
"**Guide Price £475,000 - £485,000** This extended detached family home provides spacious and well presented accommodation arranged over two floors which includes an entrance hall, a living room with patio doors opening to the garden, a dining room, a modern fitted kitchen, a utility room..."
"For sale with no upwards chain a well presented two bedroom end terrace house ideally located in central Beeston which is walking distance to many amenities including shops, bars, restaurants, supermarkets. The property is also close by to transport links including bus, tram and Beeston Train sta..."
NO CHAIN!!! MUST BE VIEWED! A rare opportunity to view this executive detached home offering spacious family living - Viewing is essential to fully appreciate the size and quality of home on offer. Located close to the grounds of Newstead Abby. Bestwood Country Park just minutes away
"A beautiful Victorian house. Presented in good condition throughout and with easy access to Beeston town centre and transport links including the tram for Nottingham. Close by are nature walks at Attenborough Nature Reserve, and a short trip to Wollaton Park and University Park. "
"An immaculately presented four bedroom detached family home situated in this much sought after West Bridgford location of Gamston. The accommodation consists of entrance hall, lounge, dining room, breakfast kitchen, utility room, conservatory and downstairs WC. Upstairs there are four bedrooms, e..."
"DETACHED FAMILY HOME - This property is located on a favoured road with excellent access for commuter routes, QMC and the University. There is a spacious 24ft lounge, separate dining room and four bedrooms to the first floor. There's scope for future extensions with planning permission in place."
**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - PLANNING PERMISSION GRANTED** Sold by Modern Method of Sale Unique investment opportunity. Located close to Nottingham City Centre and only a short walk to the tram network. For Sale are four individual units three 2 bedroom house and a Two b...
"NO UPWARD CHAIN! A spacious and thoughtfully extended family home, situated in the highly sought after village of Woodborough. The property enjoys stunning views of the surrounding countryside and is within close proximity to well-regarded schools, two pubs and the village shop. The property ..."
**DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY** Consisting of a stunning four bedroom detached home in the 'heart of Hucknall' and a 612sqm parcel of land. Offers are invited on this superb development site for just 2 houses with each planned property having approx. 111sqm of space internally. Lapsed planning was...
"A BEAUTIFUL HOME WITH A SWIMMING POOL... We are pleased to be marketing this four bedroom detached house as it is beautifully presented whilst boasting spacious accommodation both inside and out, making it the perfect home for any family buyer looking to move straight in! The property al..."
“Contact Pygott & Crone Estate Agents to reserve your spot for our open day on the 23rd March. The open day will include tours of two show apartments including a penthouse and on-site facilities such as the gym and concierge.” Sixth floor apartment comprising of open p...
MUST BE VIEWED! If you're looking for your next family home set in the heart of Hucknall then look no further! This beautifully presented FIVE bedroom detached home has plenty of space for all the family and a beautiful south facing rear garden perfect for those warmer months!!
"GUIDE PRICE - £475,000 - £500,000 BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME IN SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION... This four bedroom detached house is a credit to the current owners as the property is constructed to an exceptionally high standard and offers impeccably appointed accommodation, which will no do..."
**DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY** Consisting of a stunning four bedroom detached home in the 'heart of Hucknall' and a 612sqm parcel of land. Offers are invited on this superb development site for just 2 houses with each planned property having approx 111sqm of space internally. Lapsed planning was ...
"BEAUTIFUL HOME IN SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION... This four bedroom detached house is situated in the beautiful village of Ruddington, an area desired by many families who come here for the excellent schools and relaxed lifestyle. The property is positioned well for taking advantage of the loca..."
"Situated within the highly regarded conservation area of Mapperley Park is this spacious detached bungalow with a double garage and three well-proportioned bedrooms. The property is also in a cul-de-sac position and is for sale with no chain. Good sized entrance hallway with cloakroom/WC, spaciou..."
"GUIDE PRICE £475,000 - £500,000. An immaculately presented three-storey, extended detached family home situated in the highly sought after location of Woodthorpe with excellent amenities only a short distance away! The property boasts a good-sized lounge with a bay window, versatile sitting area ..."
"ONE OF A KIND & READY TO MOVE INTO! This 3 bedroom bungalow located in the desirable area of Woodthorpe has been FULLY REFURBISHED from top to bottom, creating a fabulous spacious home renovated to a very HIGH SPECIFICATION. "
"** IDEAL EXTENDED FAMILY HOME ** Robert Ellis Estate Agents are proud to bring to the market this OUTSTANDING FIVE BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED WITHIN ARNOLD, NOTTINGHAM."
"Guide Price Range £475,000 - £500,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this immaculately presented and completely refurbished four bedroom semi-detached Victorian home in Lady Bay, West Bridgford. The property benefits from accommodation over three storeys and is locat..."
"A generously sized, three bedroom, detached bungalow. This wonderful property is located toward the head of this extremely popular cul de sac within this much sought after village. Burton joyce enjoys a wealth of amenities including popular schools for all ages of children, shops and great eate..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £475,000 - £500,000 *** THE FAMILY HOME YOU'VE BEEN WAITING FOR *** Occupying a prime position in the sought after 'Mornington' area of Nuthall, this 4 bedroom detached home has the benefit of spacious rooms, favoured school catchments & easy access to the M1 mo..."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire a totally refurbished 4/5 bedroom detached house with garage and parking for 3/4 cars located on the highly popular Torvill and Dean estate and in the Fernwood School catchment area.
An attractive 1930s built four bedroom detached house on a generous plot displaying great potential for further extensions (subject to the necessary consents).
"GUIDE PRICE £470,000 - £495,000 A generously sized, five bedroom detached home that has been extended to create a substantial family home; located centrally within this extremely popular village. Burton Joyce has a wealth of 'family friendly' amenities including schools, shops, regular ..."
"THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom detached house boasts spacious accommodation both inside and out whilst being exceptionally well-presented, making it the perfect home for any family buyer.. This property benefits from being recently re-decorated as well as having a newly-fit..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to offer this rare opportunity to purchase a SIX bedroom detached home which is more than perfect for any large family, nestled in the heart of the Mornington Crescent estate. Sitting on the prime bus links, close to local pubs/restaurants and amenities and in walking..."
"Guide Price £470,000 to £480,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this well positioned four bedroom detached family home in Edwalton that is sold with no upward chain. The property is located within catchment area for popular local schools and backs onto the Alford Ro..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this substantially extended, double fronted detached family home, situated in sought after West Bridgford School catchments and with potential for further extension stpp. The accommodation comprises in brief; entrance hall, refitted kitchen, two spacious recep..."
"CHOOSE FROM OUR LIMITED TIME ONLY HOMEBUYING OPTIONSMortgage holiday up to £14,000
Part Exchange and have £2,500 holiday vouchers on usWork with our award winning interior designers to tailor your new home just the way you want it Outside, this house has all the character of a tradi..."
"£10,000 CONTRIBUTION offer * Flooring & Appliances included * Ready to move in now * 2 bedrooms with en suite * Large master bedroom with dressing area * OPEN plan kitchen / dining *"
"ARE YOU LOOKING FOR YOUR NEXT FAMILY HOME? - This immaculate property is ideal for a family and is in superb condition. Having been extended there's spacious dining/family room which has French doors which open on to the garden which enjoys a southerly aspect, ideal for the upcoming summer months."
"A beautifully presented and thoughtfully extended, four bedroom , substantial detached residence; located within this extremely popular and sought after cul de sac location. The property offers great accommodation for the family and benefits from being extremely close to a wide range of family f..."
"There are very few detached properties in this popular residential area that have double width plots like this one and that offer so much potential to extend, subject to the usual planning consents being obtained. The property is beautifully presented by the current owner and the fantastic garden..."
4 bedroom home features OPEN PLAN living with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and BI-FOLD doors. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE.
Escape from the hub of your home the Master bedroom benefiting from a dressing area and designer ensuite.
"Rare Opportunity! Tristram's is pleased to welcome to the market this beautifully renovated, high-spec five-bedroom house situated in this sought-after Bramcote location. With gas central heating, double glazing, ample parking, a garage and a large family bathroom with an additional ensuite to ma..."
"GUIDE PRICE £460,000 - £480,000 Royston & Lund are pleased to bring to the market an immaculately presented four bedroom detached family home situated within easy reach of West Bridgford's excellent amenities. The amenities include local supermarkets, gyms, well-regarded schools and rest..."
"Prepare to be impressed! Extended & refurbished to a high standard throughout, this impeccably presented home is conveniently located for Fernwood schools, Wollaton Hall & Deer Park & Bramcote Lane shops & amenities. Boasting an extended & re-fitted open plan kitchen, din..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this simply stunning five bedroom property which has been renovated and extended to a exceptionally high standard. Boasting an impressive family bathroom, master en-suite and downstairs w/c, along with utility room and open plan kitchen. Through ..."
For sale with no upwards chain a very well presented three bedroom detached house ideally located on this sought after road that offers a real community vibe. The property is ideally located for the catchment schools Alderman White and The lanes primary and offers walking distance to local transp...
"GUIDE PRICE £460,000 - £480,000!! Situated in a sought after location this beautifully presented four bedroom, two bathroom detached home is on a generous plot and has a stunning landscaped garden to the rear! Viewing is advised to truly appreciate this stunning home"
"Plot 95 - Four bedroom newly built town house with open plan kitchen living space, enclosed rear garden and roof terrace, parking, 10 year warranty and ready to move into! Offering easy access to City, West Bridgford and transport links"
"Family life is made simple in The Blyth, a traditional-looking home with contemporary features and a practical layout. The lounge, utility room, hall and cloakroom make up the ground floor with the combined kitchen and dining area, which has French doors opening out to a private garden when yo..."
"ROOM FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY... This six-bedroom detached house occupies a generous-sized plot boasting spacious accommodation well proportioned across two floors with the potential to become an ideal home for any growing family. There are many character features in the property, including ..."
"This bay fronted traditional house has already been extended and offers great potential for further extension or loft conversion (subject to planning). The accommodation offers a spacious entrance hall, bay fronted dining room, spacious living room, extended open plan kitchen diner with quality f..."
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 Situated in a delightful cul-de-sac, this immaculate four double-bedroom detached house includes an ensuite and a main family bathroom, an integral garage, and off-street parking. It is conveniently located within walking distance to transport links and amenities."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £450,000-£465,000 - INVESTMENT OPPTUNITY *** Robert Ellis are pleased to bring to this market this substantial extended detached Victorian building situated in MAPPERLY which offers scope to divide into several self-contained apartments subject to receiving the relevant ..."
"ONE OF A KIND! GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £450,000! This five bedroom Victorian semi detached with an independent basement located in Mapperley Park is ideal for any family looking for a house with character paired with a modern finish"
"Guide Price £450,000-£475,000 * Versatile Accommodation * Modern Kitchen Family Room * Study * Utility Room * En-Suite * Garage * Three Storey * COUNTRYSIDE VIEWS * Cul-De-Sac Position "
"GUIDE PRICE: £450,000 - £500,000 GREAT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY... This semi-detached house contains three self-contained flats that are all fully let making them a great investment opportunity for new and experienced investors alike looking for a property to add to their portfoli..."
"A generous three storey, five bedroom Victorian end of terrace house. Many original features with a modern and contemporary feel. Purpose built cabin in the garden. Prime Beeston location, a great family home."
"If You're Looking FOR AN ECO-FRIENDLY And HIGHLY ENERGY EFFICIENT, IMMACULATE Property Then Look No Further! *large living dining kitchen * utility room * three double bedrooms* , master with en-suite and Juliet balcony* a further single cot room/office* VIEWINGS ESSENTIAL* "
An extended 1950s three bedroom detached house on a generous corner plot with a large and versatile interior.
"**A MUST VIEW** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this well presented FIVE bedroom semi-detached family home situated within a very popular residential location having fantastic transport links to Nottingham City Centre. Situated close to local schools, shops and bus links this ideal family ho..."
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... We are pleased to present to the market this immaculate detached house as it benefits from being finished to a high standard throughout offering a range of modern fixtures and fittings including luxury flooring, newly fi..."
"Backing onto the River Leen and having established mature gardens full of wildlife, this extended traditional style three bedroom detached home has lots of original character and charm and must be viewed to be fully appreciated."
" Benjamins welcome to the market this magnificent two bedroom detached barn conversion located in the highly sought after village of Gotham with great transport links to East Midlands park way, East Midlands Airport, and M1. Refurbished to a unique standard, the property briefly (cont.)"
"Elizabeth Gardens... An amazing development of beautifully designed and crafted three and four bedroom detached bungalows for sale in Hucknall, Nottingham. Book a viewing today, to avoid disappointment!"
"GUIDE PRICE: £450,000 - £475,000 PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... We are pleased to present to the market this immaculate detached house as it benefits from being finished to a high-standard throughout offering a range of modern fixtures and fittings including smart-app controlled cen..."
"SPACIOUS DETACHED HOUSE... We are pleased to present to the market this spacious detached home which is exceptionally well-presented and offers spacious accommodation spanning across three floors, allowing the new buyers to drop their bags and move straight in! Situated close to a range..."
"For sale a well-presented four double bedroom semi detached house that is ideally located in central Beeston and benefits from four toilets of which one is downstairs, two en suites(of which were replaced in July 2022) and a family bathroom. The property has the potential to extended through into..."
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £500,000 SPACIOUS DETACHED BUNGALOW... This detached bungalow occupies a generous sized plot offering and an abundance of indoor and outdoor space making it the perfect home for a range of buyers including any growing family or anyone looking to downsize w..."
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000-£475,000. David James are pleased to present this immaculately presented, extended detached family home situated in a cul-de-sac within the ever popular village of Burton Joyce. The property boasts a modern open plan living/kitchen area with a feature centre island, versatile..."
"Guide Price Range £450,000 A Victorian family home with many period features situated in a much sought after residential road within access of West Bridgford Town Centre. The property offers versatile living accommodation over two storeys and is within catchment area for some fantastic ..."
"Being Sold by YOPA Online Auction. Starting Bids from £450,000. Buy it now option available Please call or visit YOPA Online Auctions for more information"
"STEP INSIDE AND BE PREPARED TO BE WOWED! THIS STUNNING SIX BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE IN A HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION IS A MUST VIEW! Guide Price £450,000-£475,000 Frank Innes are delighted to welcome to the market this fabulous six bedroom townhouse. This fantastic pro..."
"Guide Price £450,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this five bedroom detached family home in Wilford. The property would benefit from renovation throughout and offers scope for development to add value. Situated on a generous plot with off street parking & a garage ..."
A prestigious and highly regarded private estate. 
"A four bedroom detached family home offering extended accommodation which is immaculately presented throughout. With gas central heating and double glazing the accommodation comprises of a hall, lounge, separate dining room, open plan breakfast kitchen, utility, ground floor w.c. and to the firs..."
"*EXCLUSIVE INCENTIVES AVAILABLE* The Wilton, a stunning three bedroom, three bathroom detached home. Sitting on 1311 SQFT, The Wilton takes the space of a four bed home and shares it amongst three."
Three Storey * Traditional Features * Utility Room With WC * Bay Fronted Living Room * Open Plan Kitchen Dining Room * Garden Room * ANNEX
Rare opportunity to acquire a freehold development site situated close to the town centre of Kimberley.
"GUIDE PRICE £150,000 - £160,000 BEAUTIFULLY MODERN This stunning ground floor apartment is not to be missed within close proximity to a range of local amenities and transport links this home has recently undergone a scheme of improvement making it the perfect first time purchase or investment"
"GUIDE PRICE - £450,000 TO £460,000 This three bedroom detached bungalow occupies a generous sized plot boasting spacious accommodation both inside and out whilst benefiting from being well-presented throughout and sold to the market with no upward chain, perfect for a family buyer or any..."
"An attractive 18th Century cottage near the centre of the village. The property is structurally detached, with a great sized rear garden and large modern garage with driveway. Four bedrooms, family and en-suite bathrooms, three reception rooms and a lovely modern breakfast/dining kitchen!"
"GUIDE PRICE: £450,000 - £475,000 THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This charming and delightful detached house sits within the heart of a highly sought-after residential location within easy reach to a wide range of excellent facilities and amenities together with great school catchmen..."
"STOP! DO NOT MISS THIS PROPERTY. Bairstow Eves are delighted to offer to market this beautifully presented four bedroom, extended, end of townhouse. Situated in Gamston, this property is a stones throw away from The Avenue in West Bridgford, Holme Pierrepont and Morrisons. The pr..."
"A four bedroom new build detached house due to be completed 2021 which is to be built to high specification. The property will briefly comprises of entrance hall, cloaks, w/c lounge, kitchen/dining room with bi-fold doors over looking the rear garden and the open views to the rear, and util (cont.)"
"GUIDE PRICE: £450,000 - £500,000 GREAT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY... This three-storey end-terraced house contains three self-contained flats that are all fully let making them a great investment opportunity for new and experienced investors alike looking for a property to add to th..."
"This is a spacious period property which is currently used for office suites arranged on three levels, but now has the necessary permission to convert into three high quality apartments or it could be changed back into a single property. The property is positioned on a large plot with a landscap..."
NO ONWARD CHAIN Royston and Lund are pleased to market this detached bungalow in the village of Bradmore. The property benefits from off-street parking accessed via electric gates and is located within easy access to the A60 and A52. The property is entered into the lounge whic...
"The Wyatt, a stunning four bedroom detached home with a garage, driveway parking and a great rear size garden. Internally, this property comprises of an OPEN PLAN kitchen / family dining area and en suite to the master bedroom. "
This is a unique chalet style detached property which provides spacious three double bedroom accommodation with a large detached garage/workshop and snooker room positioned at the rear. The property is being sold with no upward chain and with the large outbuildings would be an ideal home for a c...
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 Royston & Lund are pleased to present this traditional style, extended three bedroom semi-detached house in the heart of West Bridgford's ever growing amenities including pubs, bars, well-regarded schools and frequent transport links to Nottingham city cen..."
"*** LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! *** Occupying a superb spot on one of the most desirable streets in the area, this detached family home in Watnall is sure to be popular, so book your viewing before it's too late!"
"Centrally located and offering amazing potential to create a bespoke family home, this detached property set within mature gardens and a generous plot is now available to view by appointment only. With no upward chain and flexible accommodation, this property is likely to appeal to a wid..."
"Guide Price £475,000 to £500,000. Benwell Daykin are delighted to offer this beautiful family home which is in a fantastic location overlooking a small park and is offered to the market with no onward chain."
"GUIDE PRICE: £450,000 - £500,000 GREAT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY... This semi-detached property would make an ideal purchase for any new or experienced investors looking for a property to add to their portfolio as it is being sold with six sitting tenants and with no upward chain. ..."
"A four bedroom detached family home offering spacious and well presented accommodation in this sought after location within the catchment of Grange Primary School. With gas central heating and double glazing the accommodation comprises of a hall, ground floor w.c., study, lounge, dining kitchen,..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £450,000 - £475,000 NOT TO BE MISSED... This substantial detached house is situated within Gedling Village, which is a much loved and sought-after residential area to the east of Nottingham and has great access into the City Centre, a range of local amenities on you..."
"**ATTENTION INVESTORS** This five-bedroom HMO property spread over three floors is a must view for investors in the sought after location of The Park! Within a close proximity of Nottingham City Centre, Nottingham University, Nottingham Trent University, Queens Medical Centre, shops an..."
"Guide Price £450,000-£475,000. This 4-bedroom detached property is a true gem, offering spacious living, a stunning landscaped garden and ample parking. Give us a call 24/7 as we can't see this hanging around for long!"
"Robert Ellis are pleased to be instructed to market the first property being built by MG Ward Buildings Ltd at Wilne Close, Sawley. This particular plot will be ready for occupation during 2023 and at present there will be the opportunity for interested parties to be involved with the fittings a..."
*** SIMPLY STUNNING *** This modern detached home is beautifully presented throughout and is 'turn key' ready for buyers looking for a long term family home.
"Situated on a private plot of 0.14 acre is this extended four bedroom detached family home. Offering spacious ground floor living, en-suite to master bedroom, ample parking, garage and large rear garden. Close to schools and local amenities and good transport links. Viewing recommended."
"This is a traditional detached house which provides four double bedroom accommodation which is positioned on one of the largest plots in the area. The property offers spacious accommodation which includes a reception hall, inner hallway, extended lounge, separate dining room, kitchen which is fi..."
"An unusual opportunity to acquire a large and spacious three bedroom, two bathroom detached bungalow sitting on a generous overall plot size of circa 0.49 acres. With dual gated driveways, integral double garage and generous gardens to both sides and the rear. In need of some general modernisat..."
Positioned on the edge this delightful conservation area known as Mapperley Park
"Overlooking lush green space, with further views out over Nottinghamshire. Flooring, electric charging point and landscaped garden included. Escape from the hub of your home the Master bedroom benefiting from a dressing area and designer ensuite."
"An impressive detached family home located in this popular part of Wollaton, ideally located for Wollaton Hall & Deer Park & for sale with no upward chain. Fitted to an impeccable standard throughout, this four double bedroom home has a re-fitted en-suite shower room, modern fitted kitche..."
*Five bedroom semi detached property* Spacious family home* Desirable location within Bramcote* Offering excellent transport links* Within catchment for both Fernwood and Bramcote Schools* Close to local amenities* Private rear garden* Driveway and garage* Please call now to arrange a viewing*...
"Spacious OPEN-PLAN kitchen with FRENCH DOORS onto the garden, light and airy lounge, utility room, EN SUITE main bedroom, 3 further double bedrooms &  family bathroom. Integral garage and parking.
Plot 135 | Ripon | Beeston Quarter
Ideally located just a short drive from Nottingham city centre, B..."
"Spacious OPEN-PLAN kitchen with FRENCH DOORS onto the garden, light and airy lounge, utility room, EN SUITE main bedroom, 3 further double bedrooms &  family bathroom. Integral garage and parking.
Plot 132 | Ripon | Beeston Quarter
Ideally located just a short drive from Nottingham city centre, B..."
"SUPERBLY PRESENTED first floor, two bedroom apartment with a WALK-OUT BALCONY enjoying STUNNING VIEWS ACROSS THE RIVER. The apartment has an ALLOCATED CAR PARKING SPACE. The development offers EXCELLENT COMMUNAL FACILITIES including on site restaurant, library, roof top terrace, function room and..."
"A four bedroom detached family home offering extended accommodation and found in this sought after location. Benefiting from gas central heating and double glazing, the accommodation comprises of a porch, hall, cloaks/w.c., lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility and to the first floor four bedroo..."
"An extremely well presented three bedroom detached extended home which benefits from a larger than average garden & boasts an open plan kitchen/diner. Ideally located for Wollaton Hall & Deer Park, Fernwood Schools & commuter routes, this immaculately presented home also has a hallway..."
"Guide Price £440,000 - £465,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this well positioned four bedroom family home in West Bridgford. The property benefits from off street parking for two vehicles, as well as an integral garage and is situated within catchment area for pop..."
"For sale with no upward chain this beautifully presented and extended family home has 3 double bedrooms, open plan living/kitchen/dining and 2 further reception rooms, plus cloakroom w.c downstairs. Garage and drive with enclosed rear gardens."
"* PLOT 16 COMES WITH £10,000 CASHBACK * Beautiful family home with 17FT lounge, kitchen/diner, LAUNDRY ROOM, EN-SUITE & DRESSING AREA to principal bedroom, GARAGE."
" **** PLOT 238 MOVE IN FOR FEB 2023 ****5 Bedroom Detached House With single integral garage, driveway for additional parking and rear garden Lounge, kitchen/dining with French doors to garden, utility, cloaks, en-suite and bathroom. Many Additional Extras "
"A new build three storey townhouse that is beautifully presented throughout and boasts a good size South West facing rear garden. The size of the property is impressive at over 1292 square feet. The accommodation consists of entrance hall, fabulous kitchen diner and living space with separate uti..."
"We are delighted to bring to the market, this individually designed home which offers flexible and well thought out accommodation and is situated in an area very popular with families. In the style of a converted barn, to honour the historic properties which the development replaced, the..."
"**STUNNING FAMILY HOME, MUST VIEW PROPERTY!!** Four bedroom detached family home, offering spacious living accommodation throughout. The property has been modernised throughout to a high specification, it offers a newly fitted open plan dining kitchen, converted garage and landscaped rear garden..."
"SUPERBLY PRESENTED two bedroom retirement apartment with a WALK-OUT BALCONY enjoying STUNNING VIEWS OVER THE RIVER IN BOTH DIRECTIONS. The development offers EXCELLENT COMMUNAL FACILITIES including on site restaurant, library, roof top terrace, function room and communal lounge where SOCIAL EVEN..."
"***NO UPWARD CHAIN** This well presented detached family home provides accommodation arranged over three floors which includes an entrance hall, a lounge, a fitted dining kitchen with a range of built in appliances and French door opening to the rear garden, plus a utility room, and a wc..."
"GUIDE PRICE £430,000 - £450,000 BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED DETACHED HOME... This detached four bedroom property benefits from offering spacious accommodation both indoors and outdoors making for an ideal family home. Internally, the property is beautifully presented with a modern kit..."
MUST BE VIEWED This detached home is well-presented throughout and offers spacious accommodation and ample storage space. This property would be an ideal purchase for any investors as the property is being sold with tenants insitu. Situated in the popular location of Watnall hosting a r...
*** PRICED TO SELL! DON'T MISS OUT! *** This stunning five bedroom modern home is located on an increasingly popular development in the sought after village of Watnall. The property itself is nestled away at the end of a private drive yet the location is ideal for access to the A610 & M1 m...
"ENERGY BILLS PAID for a year * Desirable corner, cul-de-sac position * Lounge looks onto large open green * Stunning open kitchen / dining / family * En suite & fitted wardrobes to master bedroom *"
ENERGY BILLS PAID for a year * West facing garden * Move in this spring * Garage * Stunning open plan kitchen / dining * Handy utility area * Master bedroom with en suite shower * 
Plot 124 * WEST facing garden * Stunning open plan kitchen / dining / family area * Feature bay window to lounge * Four spacious bedrooms * En suite & wardrobes to master bed *
"Four bedroom home featuring open plan kitchen, dining and family room with integrated appliances and separate utility room with plumbing for washing machine and dryer. Master bedroom with designer ensuite with double shower."
INVESTMENT PURCHASE! An amazing opportunity for a buy-to-let student investor to acquire a substantial mid terraced licensed HMO on the outskirts of the city centre and only a short walk from the university. The property comprises four double lettable bedrooms across 3 storeys with a further comm...
"A substantial, 3 bedroom detached with planning permission for ground floor extension, large private rear garden, additional area of land, off road parking for several vehicles and garage.Comprising:- Two reception rooms, conservatory, dining kitchen, cloaks/w.c, 3 bedrooms, bathroom & shower room."
"Are you looking for a spacious family home ready to make your own? This four bedroom detached home is situated on the ever-popular Pennyfields Estate and is perfect for family living. Boasting a recently fitted modern kitchen, spacious living accommodation and four well proportioned bedrooms, you..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £425,000 - £450,000 NO UPWARD CHAIN... This high-spec detached house boasts spacious accommodation spanning across three floors whilst being exceptionally well-presented throughout and sold to the market with no upward chain, making it the perfect home for any growi..."
***** NO UPWARD CHAIN ***** FHP Living are pleased to offer for sale this well-presented bungalow situated on a corner plot. 
"Strike is pleased to present this property in Nottingham. This is a STUNNING, very appealing FOUR-bedroomed detached house occupying a sought-after position close to popular local schools and all local amenities. PERFECT FAMILY HOME!! The property (in short) comprises a spacious&nbs..."
"NO CHAIN! A stylish, characterful barn conversion with the original wooden beams situated in Gedling Village and within easy reach of excellent local amenities. The property boasts an impressive entrance hall with gallery landing, good-sized lounge/dining room with French doors, ground floor show..."
"A recently renovated four bedroom detached house situated within this quiet cul de sac and sought-after catchment location. With gas central heating from combi boiler, double glazing, off-street parking, reduced size integral garage and enclosed rear garden. Ideally location close to shops, sch..."
"For sale with no upward chain, this impeccably presented family home has been refurbished throughout to a very high standard & is conveniently located for Bramcote Lane shops, Wollaton Hall & Deer Park & Fernwood Schools. An open plan living room, dining room & kitchen offer high ..."
"PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... With this substantial four bedroom detached house as it boasts spacious accommodation both inside and out whilst benefiting from being exceptionally well-presented and decorated, making it the perfect purchase for any growing family looking for their forever ho..."
"Impeccably presented throughout, this detached family home has been refurbished to a high standard to include a re-fitted dining kitchen& luxury style re-fitted family bathroom. Conveniently located for The Bramcote School, Alexandrina Plantation nature reserve, Bramcote Lane shops & amen..."
This is a very large Victorian house offering well cared for accommodation which is arranged on three floors and with three reception rooms and seven bedrooms lends itself to a large/extended family or somebody who is looking for a substantial property which can be turned into an HMO. Benefiting...
A large and individual 1960s built four bedroom detached house with a beautifully presented spacious and versatile accommodation with bedrooms on both ground and first floor.
"GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £450,000 WALTON & ALLEN are delighted to present this BRAND NEW DETACHED HOUSE situated in the popular leafy suburb of MAPPERLEY with its range of boutique shops and bars. The development offers LUXURIOUS and HIGHLY VERSATILE ACCOMMODATION that is well proportioned througho..."
"£425,000. An immaculately presented, recently extended, detached family home situated in Bakersfield and within close proximity to excellent amenities. The property boasts a good-sized lounge with a walk-in box window, spacious dining/sitting room with bi-fold doors and access to a recently fitte..."
"GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £450,000 STUNNING FAMILY HOME A beautiful light and natural four bedroom detached home that offers an abundance of space throughout whilst being within close proximity to Broxtowe Country Park and shops"
"Beautifully presented and extended 4 bedroom semi detached house with garage located in this very popular area of Bramcote and in the sought after school catchment for Bramcote Hills school which is Ofsted outstanding. The accommodation offers: Entrance hall, extended open plan lounge/dining/kitc..."
"An immaculate four bedroom detached family house within a very popular development just off Spring Lane, close to Gedling Country Park, local surrounding countryside and easy access to Mapperley and the city!"
"Benjamins are pleased to welcome to the market this stylishly four bedroom semi detached home situated within the sought-after village of Tollerton, which has a number of small local shops, popular primary school, public house and regular transport. In brief the accommodation compri (cont.)"
"NO UPWARD CHAIN... GUIDE PRICE - £425,000 - £450,000. This three bedroom detached house is situated within a highly desirable location and has easy access to the centre of West Bridgford, which is host to a range of excellent amenities and facilities together with direct access into..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £425,000 - £475,000. A stunning EXTENDED, DETACHED family home occupying a large CORNER PLOT within a popular highly sought after location in Sherwood, Nottingham. A desirable location within walking distance of Sherwood high street whilst enjoying the p..."
"WOW WHAT A GARDEN !!!!! At the far end is a stream making this already fabulous garden even more idyllic. This Detached Chalet Bungalow stands on a very generous plot OVERLOOKING FIELDS in Papplewick which is a HIGHLY DESIRABLE, BEAUTIFUL & CHARMING VILLAGE a stones throw from Papplewick Tra (cont.)"
"GUIDE PRICE £125,000 - £135,000 NO UPWARD CHAIN... This two bedroom mid-terrace property is well-presented and benefits from having spacious accommodation throughout, the property currently has tenants insitu however can be sold vacant so is ideal for a range of buyers! Situated..."
"Being situated on this most sought after road in Bramcote, this detached three bedroom property has been upgraded by the current owners and is now being sold with the benefit of no upward chain. The property is tastefully finished and has floor coverings throughout and includes a fully enclosed ..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £425,000 - £450,000 GREAT-SIZED FAMILY HOME... This three bedroom detached house will make the perfect home for any growing family as it occupies a generous-sized plot featuring a single-storey extension and many significant upgrades whilst being well-presented thro..."
"Guide Price £425,000 - £435,000. This well presented and spacious, four bedroom, detached house with plenty of off-road parking on the drive and in the integral double garage, is located on a no through road in well established, friendly, neighbourhood. Northolt Drive ..."
"A surprisingly spacious modern four bedroom detached family home, two en-suites, underfloor heating, contemporary landscaped rear gardens, cul de sac location, great for families and commuters alike. Viewing recommended."
Large 4 Bedroom Detached property on a small developmentNot overlooked Fully enclosed Garden
"**** GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £435,000 **** Thomas James are delighted to offer this extended detached family home to the market. The property provides spacious accommodation arranged over two floors which includes an entrance hall, a w/c, a lounge/diner, and a dining kitchen with..."
This double fronted period detached home is positioned on a popular road within Mapperley and is a beautifully presented family home which is currently producing an income from a basement that is currently rented out at £875 pcm along with £1500 per annum income from the solar panels....
"Bairstow Eves are delighted to offer this incredibly rare, detached, ""upside down"" family home in the lovely village of Burton Joyce to the open market. The entrance level of the property consists of:- entrance porch, living room, kitchen, dining space, balcony, utility, WC,..."
"A tardis-like spacious and extremely well presented four bedroom double fronted detached family house sitting on a generous overall plot with parking to the front and rear, gas central heating from combination boiler, double glazing and detached double garage to the rear. Ideally located close t..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this executive four/five bedroom detached family home. The property sits in a quiet cul-de-sac location and has a double storey extension to the rear, with three reception rooms, master bedroom with a dressing room and en-suite, ample parking, gar..."
A beautifully presented 3 bedroom detached family home in the heart of the desirable village of Burton Joyce. This property sits on a great plot enjoying far reaching views and is within easy walking distance to all the village amenities. 
"** UNIQUE PROPERTY ** GENEROUS PLOT ** Robert Ellis Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM, DETACHED BUNGALOW ON A GENEROUS PLOT SITUATED ON A PRIVATE ROAD WITHIN REDHILL, NOTTINGHAM. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, open plan kitchen diner..."
Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom detached family home in West Bridgford. Situated on a highly sought after road within catchment area for popular local schools and with potential to add value. The property benefits from off street parking with a double drivew...
"Small retail and student accommodation investment for sale. Current income £40,815 per annum. ERV £43,500 per annum"
"An extended, detached family home situated within easy reach of local supermarkets, frequent transport links to Arnold & the city centre as well as well-regarded schools. There's a good-sized lounge with bay window, a versatile sitting/dining room, stunning dining kitchen with a range of units an..."
This is an individual four double bedroom detached house located on a quiet road which is close to many local amenities and facilities with the Long Eaton train station only being a few minutes walk away. The property is tastefully finished throughout and being entered through a stylish front do...
"**FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this extended five bedroom detached home. Avondale Road is situated on the outskirts of the Nottingham suburb Carlton. There is easy access to Nottingham city centre, Gedling and Colwick woods are both located nearby the popular Colwi..."
"Guide Price £425,000 to £450,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this four bedroom detached family home on a modern development in Wilford. The property benefits from off street parking, a garage with electric power, underfloor heating and is located within catchment..."
"Situated in this sought after location on the Mornington Estate and peacefully nestled in a cul-de-sac setting, this four bedroom detached home requires early viewing. Briefly comprising of a spacious, contemporary kitchen/diner, lounge with patio doors to the rear garden, ground floor w.c., mast..."
"Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this beautifully presented, detached, four bedroom family home on a recently built development in the highly sought after village of Ruddington. The property benefits from off street parking and a garage to the front and is situated within catch..."
"***SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE*** If you're looking for a versatile home to suit all, look no further than this deceptively spacious 3/4 bedroom detached house. Call our team today to arrange your viewing!"
"*** Stunning plot, Stunning views and a fantastic family home*** Nestled in the heart of Linby, this stunning four bedroom detached home boasts a fantastic plot and views for miles. Only minutes from local schools, amenities, restaurants and prime bus links whilst being surrounded by great area..."
"Guide Price £420,000 Bairstow Eves are excited to introduce to the market this beautiful and spacious detached family home situated in the popular location of Aspley. Benefitting from reception hallway, living room, dining room, downstairs toilet, snug and a large stun..."
"This detached, four bedroom, family home is a must view. Offering spacious accommodation, the key features are the stunning kitchen and bathroom and the large conservatory. The property comprises of porch, welcoming entrance hall, large lounge/diner, kitchen, conservatory and WC to the ground f..."
"A five bedroom extended detached family home with a ground floor bedroom, shower room and utility/kitchen, ideal for an elderly relative or teenager. With gas central heating and double glazing the accommodation comprises of a porch, hall, ground floor w.c., lounge, dining room, kitchen, bedroom..."
"A must for any family...
Sitting in the heart of Hucknall on a quiet close this spacious five bedroom detached home is perfect for any large family. Only minutes from local schools, amenities and the town centre, whilst offering easy access to prime bus and tram links and M1/A610 - making it eas..."
"6 Bedroom HMO investment property, Let for the academic year 22-23. The property has been newly renovated and has a certificate of lawfulness for C4 use."
"The Edlingham is an impressive five-bedroom detached home. An open-plan kitchen/dining/family room has double French doors to the garden. There’s a lovely living room, utility room, storage cupboard, downstairs WC and integral garage. Upstairs are five good-sized bedrooms - bedroom one is en suite."
**SHOW HOME AVAILABLE** This classically BEAUTIFUL two storey traditional style paired villas with SPACIOUS and MODERN open plan living space designed in association with THE PRINCES FOUNDATION. SPACIOUS garden & PARKING for two cars. Opposite the greens of Chilwell Golf Co...
" **NO CHAIN** Benjamins welcome to the market this three bedroom fully refurbished detached family home which provides accommodation arranged over two floors. The Property briefly comprises; entrance hall, WC, living room, breakfast kitchen diner and utility to the ground floor, (cont.)"
"Extended & refurbished throughout, this detached home is located on a corner plot & boasts a re-fitted kitchen which is open plan to the breakfast room & study room, re-fitted bathroom, re-fitted shower room, 24 ft living room, five bedrooms & a detached garage. Offering flexible ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £415,000 to £425,000 - In a highly desirable area in Sherwood and within walking distance of local shops, bars and restaurants, this spacious property has undergone an extensive refurbishment and has a stunning open plan kitchen/family/dining area."
"GUIDE PRICE £415,000 - £435,000 Royston & Lund are pleased to offer this extended, semi-detached house situated in the ever popular village of Tollerton. The property is situated within close proximity of great commuting links with the A52 and the A46 on the doorstep. There is also great..."
"Plot 13 - Three bedroom town house with stunning finishes and specification. Open plan kitchen living space, enclosed rear garden, front and rear balcony, parking, 10 year warranty and ready to move into Summer 2023!"
"A Four bedroom detached family home located in a private cul-de-sac position. With an en-suite to the master bedroom, THREE reception rooms, freestanding double garage and a private and enclosed rear garden. Well placed for local shops, schools and transport links and readily accessible for the ..."
"PRICE REDUCTION! HMO OPPORTUNITY! This 5-bedroom mid-terraced unit is currently licensed and being used as an HMO property, currently, well-presented is the recently renovated HMO to a premium standard offering 5 lettable rooms with an additional shower room and WC. The property is currently sol..."
" COMING SOON – Willoughby Gardens in Wollaton by Swan Homes. Register your interest today to be added to our VIP list in readiness for our upcoming launch event. Willoughby Gardens is a development of 2, 3 and 4 bedroom homes built to the highest specification, ..."
"freckleton brown are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached house having double glazing, under floor heating to the ground floor and gas central heating to the first floor. The current owners have made some improvements on the design and given the property a large kitchen/din (cont.)"
"A lovely modern detached house with four bedrooms & three bathrooms, tucked away at the end of a shared private driveway within a popular development just off Mapperley Plains. There's a Sainsburys Local just around the corner and the popular Spring Lane farm shop just minutes walk away, with the..."
"An extended and well presented three bedroom detached family house situated in Wollaton near Wollaton Hall and Deer Park. Also popular for Fernwood and Middleton Schools, local amenities including public transport into Nottingham City Centre and access to the A52."
ENERGY BILLS PAID for a year * Appliances included * Quiet cul-de-sac with large OPEN GREEN to the front * Generous south facing garden * 2 bedrooms with en suite * Open plan kitchen / dining area *
"Your Move are pleased to market this well presented 3 bedroom family home located in the beautiful village of Wollaton, ideally located for Fernwood School, with garage and has planning permission for an extension to the side and rear. With Wollaton Park a short walk away with its lake, walks an..."
This is an individual detached bungalow situated on a large plot which since being originally constructed was extended to the rear to provide an independent living area for an older relative. The property would now benefit from being altered to improve the use of the living space provided and to...
"GUIDE PRICE £405,000 - £420,000 ** MUST VIEW ** ** IDEAL FAMILY HOME ** Robert Ellis Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this fantastic FOUR bedroom, detached family home in the heart of Arnold, Nottingham. The property is located on a LARGER than average corner plot. Acco..."
"An Extended 3 Bed Detached House With 3 Reception Areas, Breakfast Kitchen and Useful Garden Office/Games Room Located in The Highly Popular Area of Wollaton Village. "
"The Colston is a 4 Bedroom Detached House With a Large Kitchen, Diner living room with French doors to the garden. Large Family Lounge Master bedroom with En-suite Garage Parking for two cars. Fully enclosed garden with fencing to all sides."
"The Colston is a 4 Bedroom Detached House With a Large Kitchen, Diner living room with French doors to the garden. Large Family Lounge Master bedroom with En-suite Garage Parking for two cars. Fully enclosed garden."
"For sale with no upwards chain this three bedroom detached home is well presented throughout & benefits from off street parking & garage. Located in a sought after area the property is close to local shops, amenities & schools. The property comprises; Porch, living room, kitchen/diner..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000 BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED DETACHED HOME... This five bedroom detached house is a credit to the current owners for transforming the place to create a beautiful home anyone would be proud of! The property is beautifully presented throughout and offers s..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000-£425,000 * Versatile Accommodation; Three Bedrooms Downstairs And Two First Floor Bedrooms * STUNNING KITCHEN DINER * Utility Entrance Hall * Living Room With French Doors Onto Garden * TANDEM GARAGE * Bathroom And Shower Room * Generous Plot * Cul-De-Sac Position"
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000 SPACIOUS DETACHED BUNGALOW... This two-bedroom detached bungalow would be the perfect home for anyone looking to downsize without compromising on the space, the property also benefits from being well-presented throughout. It is situated in one of ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £450,000 SPACIOUS DETACHED FAMILY HOME... We are pleased to present to the market this well-presented detached house with it benefitting from the following features, a dining room extension and enclosed porch, a newly fitted bathroom, en-suite and ground f..."
Two Storey Versatile Accommodation * Double Bedrooms * Two Bathrooms * Kitchen Diner * Living Room With French Doors * Garage * Landscaped Gardens
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000... SPACIOUS DETACHED HOUSE... We are pleased to present to the market this three bedroom detached house as it benefits from being well-presented throughout and offers spacious accommodation, perfect for a range of buyers! This property is situated..."
"** MUST VIEW ** IDEAL FAMILY HOME ** Robert Ellis Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this OUTSTANDING FOUR BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED IN BASFORD, NOTTINGHAM. Upon entry, you are welcomed by the hallway, enclosed lounge, open plan kitchen diner with..."
Well kept 2 Bedroom Detached Bungalow with garage and parking for several vehicles located in the highly popular area of Bramcote Hills.
"GUIDE PRICE: £400,000 - £420,000 THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom detached house will make the perfect home for any growing family as it benefits from having the winning combination of excellent downstairs and upstairs space whilst being well-presented throughout. Th..."
If you're looking for your next family home in Bestwood Village then this spacious four bedroom detached home on Broad Valley Drive could be everything you're looking for! Call today to arrange your viewing.
This FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED property is situated on a small modern development. The spacious accommodation benefits from UPVC DOUBLE GLAZING and GAS CENTRAL HEATING along with enclosed rear garden and driveway to the front. Viewing is essential.
"Guide Price £400,000-£425,000 An impressive detached family home which retains period features, this three double bedroom home has a modern fitted kitchen, family bathroom & an en-suite shower room. Located a short walk from Fernwood Schools & ideally located for Wollaton..."
"GUIDE PRICE : £400,000 - £450,000 STUNNING DETACHED BUNGALOW... This three bedroom detached bungalow is exceptionally well presented throughout as well as plenty of spacious open plan living, perfect for any growing family. The property benefits from an array of modern features ..."
"Built in 1912 and occupied by the same family since 1956, this sale presents the perfect opportunity for a buyer to stamp their own mark on an attractive semi-detached house, in a particularly popular neighbourhood that lies within walking distance of the busy centre of Beeston. The house has a..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £400,000 - £425,000 STUNNING FAMILY HOME... This three bedroom modern detached house will make the perfect home for any growing family. The property is an exclusive and highly sought after residential location, within easy reach of the West Bridgford town centre bo..."
"MARKETED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN!! A FANTASTIC RENOVATION OPPORTUNITY!! Located on the highly desirable residential street of Sandringham Drive, this property is already a great size offering four bedrooms. There is huge scope to extend and renovate (subject to relevant permissions) as ..."
"PERFECT FAMILY HOME... We are pleased to present to the market this beautifully presented four bedroom detached home that also benefits from spacious accommodation throughout and still being under it's new build guarantee. It is situated in a newly built development, within close proximi..."
"*GUIDE PRICE £400,000 to £425,000*Detached bungalow* Beautifully presented and fully renovated throughout* CHAIN FREE* Three bedrooms* Two shower rooms* Open plan kitchen/dining area* Bi-Folding doors to rear garden* Highly desirable location* Excellent transport links* Large drive..."
"MUST BE VIEWED! If you're looking for a beautifully presented four bedroom detached home ready to move into, then this stunning home sitting in the heart of an extremely popular development of just 39 homes in Bestwood Village could be everything you're looking for. Call now to arrange your viewing!"
"An attractive period detached house built around 1903 in a very popular location just a short distance from Mapperley's busy shopping area. Three bedrooms plus first floor study, two spacious reception rooms, breakfast kitchen and a large plot with detached double garage!"
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000- £425,000
IMMACULATELY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT is this four bedroom energy efficient detached dormer bungalow tucked away on a quiet road in Hucknall. Offering plenty of parking, garage and private sunny rear garden along with four well sized bedrooms and 2 en suites."
" ***MUST BE VIEWED *** TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK! IMMACULATE SPACIOUS 4 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME - NOT TO BE MISSED, MUST BE VIEWED! Modern high specification kitchen with dining area, good sized living room, downstairs W.C. 4 good size bedrooms wi..."
"Nestled in the heart of Nuthall, this four bedroom detached family home is perfect for any family looking for plenty of living space, multiple bathrooms and something ready to move straight into! Only minutes from the A610/M1, Phoenix park tram stop and prime bus links making it easier for the c..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £400,000-£410,000** Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home. The property is situated on the popular Pennyfields Development, it offers spacious living accommodation throughout with four well proportioned bedroo..."
"A fine example of a detached dormer bungalow with versatile, deceptively spacious & well presented accommodation throughout. Burton Joyce Primary School, local amenities, countryside walks & transport links all close by. Lovely west-facing private rear garden, driveway & detached garage. No Chain."
Character * Three/Four Bedrooms * Two/Three Reception Rooms * Re-Fitted Kitchen * Re-Fitted Bathroom * Garden * Balcony * Parking
"Riverside is a brand new, waterside development by Peter James Homes, consisting of 34 luxury apartments sitting on the banks of the River Trent. Apartment 26 is a spacious two bedroom apartment on the first floor with the added benefit en-suite bathrooms and dressing rooms to both of the double ..."
"An extended detached home that sits in a quiet no through road and provides really good accommodation, with the potential to extend further, subject to the required approval being obtained. The house has a large hall and an ""L"" shaped lounge and dining room, with the remaining ground flo..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000*** Benjamins welcome to the market, this immaculately presented, versatile 3-4 bedroom detached home nestled in a quiet cul-de-sac, situated in the sought-after South Nottinghamshire village of Gotham. The property briefly comprises; entrance hall (cont.)"
"Plot 30 - Located at the award winning innovative Trent Basin development. A stunning three storey home with 3 bedrooms, ensuite to main bedroom and additional family bathroom. Impressive expansive wrap around roof terrace, open plan Kitchen / Diner and additional Lounge both with patio doors."
"For sale with no upward chain, this three double bedroom home is ideal for a purchaser wishing to make further improvements to their personal taste & extend, subject to the necessary planning consents. Located conveniently for Bramcote Lane Shops & amenities, Alexandrina Plantation nature..."
"A very spacious extended detached family home in a highly regarded location! Good access to main road links, reputable schools and both Mapperley & Arnold are within easy reach. And a new roof in 2018 with the remainder of a 10 year guarantee!"
"QUIET CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION - This is a beautifully presented, stylish, four bedroom detached residence within a sought after modern development, close to an excellent range of amenities for the whole family. The property is close to schools, a great and varied range of shops, regular pu..."
"This modern semi detached home provides spacious accommodation arranged over two floors which includes an entrance hall, a lounge, an open plan kitchen/living/dining area with a range of built in appliances and two sets of French doors opening to the rear garden, plus a wc on the ground floor, wi..."
"*GUIDE PRICE £400K TO £450K** BRAND NEW TO THE MARKET, being sold with NO UPWARD chain.  A GREAT FAMILY HOME, located within a quiet cul de sac, with ample off street parking and corner plot, this house give plenty of extra land with potential to build a garage/ small house..."
*** FANTASTIC FOREVER FAMILY HOME *** Properties rarely come up for sale in this sought after quiet cul-de-sac in the area of Kimberley.
"Welcome To Larkspur Drive, Ruddington. William H Brown West Bridgford are delight to off this newly built, detached, three bedroom home for sale. The property would make the ideal family home, call the West Bridgford Office now to arrange a viewing!"
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000. A well-presented, fully modernised, extended detached family home situated within a popular residential location in Bakersfield. The property has a pleasant lounge, good-sized dining/sitting room, useful office, modern kitchen with integrated appliances and a grou..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £450,000 FAMILY IN MIND This beautifully presented extended three/ four bedroom home offers and abundance of space and quality, sitting in a highly sought after location with a range of amenities and excellent schools close by. This home is a must view!"
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000. An immaculately presented, link-detached family home situated in a quiet cul-de-sac and within easy reach of ample amenities in the popular Mapperley Plains area. The property boasts a spacious lounge, useful dining room, modern breakfast kitchen with integrated a..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000! PERFECT FAMILY HOME! This four bedroom family home will tick all of your boxes! On lovely plot this property has an en-suite to the master, kitchen diner and lounger diner so there is room for all the family!"
MODERN DETACHED FAMILY HOME... This modern detached home is as good as the day it was built with the property being beautifully presented throughout and offering spacious accommodation making it the perfect purchase for any family buyers looking to move straight in! This property is sit...
"A MUST VIEW!! A FABULOUS THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED WITH PARKING FOR SEVERAL CARS, GARDEN & PLANNING PERMISSION GRANTED FOR AN EXTENSION!! Frank Innes are delighted to welcome to the market this fabulous three bedroom semi-detached house which has a wealth of features which make i..."
For Sale. Larger than average THREE BEDROOM semi-detached property with off-road parking and GARAGE. Minutes walk from Central Avenue! NO CHAIN
* Period Property Spanning Three Floors with Period Features * Driveway With Off Road Parking * Open plan Kitchen/Family Room * Lounge * Dining Room * Ground Floor WC * Utility * En-suite Shower Room * Enclosed Rear Garden 
"GUIDE PRICE: £400,000 - £425,000 GREAT-SIZED FAMILY HOME... This three bedroom detached house would make the perfect home for any family buyer as it boasts an abundance of indoor and outdoor space! This property is situated in one of Nottingham’s most sought after residential l..."
"A sizeable three bedroom detached bungalow in a prime location with ample off-street parking, garage and good sized gardens backing onto fields. Ready to move into with NO CHAIN. Close to local amenities and good transport links. Viewing highly recommended."
"GUIDE PRICE £180,000 - £190,000. A well-presented, traditional style semi-detached house situated within walking distance of superb amenities in the local area including shops, park, well-regarded schools and frequent transport links. The property boasts a good-sized lounge with a log burner, mod..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000 THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This four-bedroom detached house boasts spacious accommodation spanning across three floors whilst being exceptionally well-presented and ready for you to drop your bags and move straight into. This property is situated..."
"Guide price £400,000-£425,000. In brief the accommodation comprises a large entrance porch leading through to the entrance hall, kitchen, lounge open plan to the dining room. To the first floor there are four bedrooms, balcony, en suite and a family bathroom. Garage. Rear ..."
"Situated in the locally renowned Park Estate, one of Nottingham most prestigious locations, positioned within easy reach of the iconic castle, City centre and its associated amenities. "
This is a traditional bay fronted detached house that has been extended to the rear which has increased the size of both the kitchen and lounge. The property is positioned on a large plot with well stocked private gardens to the rear that provide several places for people to sit and enjoy outsid...
"Prepare to be impressed! Situated on a larger than average plot, with landscaped gardens & a Resin bound driveway, paths & patio surrounding the property, this extended home has been fitted to a very high standard throughout & needs to be viewed to appreciate the quality on offer..."
"A three storey bay fronted Victorian home in a fabulous central West Bridgford location. The property is beautifully presented throughout and the accommodation consists of entrance hall, bay fronted living room, dining room and kitchen. To the first floor is a large and impressive bedroom spannin..."
"An extensively extended and well presented four bedroom detached house enjoying a quiet and peaceful cul-de-sac location with the benefit of a driveway and a low maintenance private and enclosed rear garden, well placed for local shops, schools, transport links, Chilwell Retail Park and Attenboro..."
"freckleton brown are delighted to offer for sale this five bedroom detached house having double glazing and gas central heating. The accommodation comprises of entrance hall, lounge, dining room, conservatory, breakfast kitchen, utility room and two further office rooms with w/c to the groun (cont.)"
"We are pleased to present this four bedroom detached home in Toton. The property consists of – Living room, Kitchen, Dining room, Four bedrooms (one en suite), a Bathroom and a Garage. This property offers spacious family- friendy accommodation and is situated in the sought-aft..."
"For sale with no upward chain, this extended three bedroom family home is situated on a larger than average plot, conveniently located for Fernwood Schools, Bramcote Lane shops & amenities & Wollaton Hall & Deer Park. Well presented throughout & in 'move in' condition, this family..."
"Offered for sale with vacant possession and no chain above, this semi-detached has been significantly extended and offers excellent accommodation for a family, with five bedrooms, four of which are large double rooms. On the ground floor, a well fitted 'L' shaped kitchen has an adjacent ..."
SPACIOUS DETACHED DORMER BUNGALOW... This versatile detached dormer bungalow occupies a generous-sized plot and offers spacious accommodation throughout making it the perfect purchase for a range of buyers. The property also benefits from owned solar panels! This property is situated on ...
A charming three bedroom period semi detached home in the heart of Central West Bridgford. Spoilt with vast scope and potential to put your stamp on a family home in one of the most sought after locations. Adjacent from the West Bridgford Park and Central Avenue this property benefits from the ea...
"A fully modernised and extended, three double bedroom, detached bungalow, considered a fantastic opportunity. Ideal for Beeston town centre with immediate vacant possession and no upward chain."
"An appealing double height bay fronted extended to the ground floor three bedroom detached family house located in this established popular residential location. With gas central heating from combi boiler, double glazing, off-street parking, carport and enclosed garden space. Ideally located cl..."
" Benjamins welcome to the market this three bedroom detached family home situated in the heart of Ruddington Village. The property briefly comprises; entrance hall, living room, dining room, kitchen and WC to the ground floor, with three bedrooms and family bathroom to the first floor. (cont.)"
"Offers in the region £395,000 A well presented and extremely generously proportioned property; that enjoys a great position at the head of this popular cul de sac. The four/five bedroom detached residence has been, thoughtfully extended to present a versatile layout that you can adapt ..."
"This deceptively spacious detatched property has the potential to make a fantastic family home, or alternatively offers versatile living space on the ground floor if needed. The property sits on a private road and has a gated driveway, is ideally located close to local transport links and a short..."
"Guide Price £395,000 - £410,000. Royston and Lund are delighted to offer this fantastically appointed 4 double bedroom detached property located at the end of a cul-de-sac to the sales market. The property backs and sides on to Grange Park, offering a fantastic location for sport, dog w..."
"Plot 71 LAST RIVER FACING DUPLEX Stylish and sizable 2 bed duplex with easy access to West Bridgford, City Centre & train station. 15ft ceilings with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the river, spacious open plan kitchen/living with 2 double bedrooms, 2 ensuites, patio area and allocated parking"
"Situated in a sought after position on the outskirts of the village of Calverton, this three bedroom detached family home is located within walking distance of the all of the excellent local amenities that the village has to offer. Updated and modernised by the current owners, the proper..."
"** MUST VIEW ** Robert Ellis Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this OUTSTANDING FOUR BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED IN BASFORD, NOTTINGHAM. Upon entry, you are welcomed by the entrance hallway, lounge and the the rear an open plan kitchen diner with u..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £395,000 - £405,000 PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... We have great pleasure in offering to the market this beautiful detached house situated in a quiet, residential location just a stone's throw away from various local amenities including West Park, excellent transport li..."
"Guide Price Range £395,000 - £415,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this well appointed three bedroom semi-detached home in West Bridgford. The property benefits from off street parking to the front, a garage to the rear and is located just around the corner from th..."
"WELL-PRESENTED DETACHED HOME... This three bedroom detached house would be the perfect purchase for a range of buyers as the property is in excellent condition whilst offering spacious accommodation throughout, ready for you to drop your bags and move straight in! Situated in the popular..."
"The Dee is a bright and spacious home for small families. A covered porch and hallway welcome you into the pretty 3-bedroom home, where you have access to a large separate lounge and an open-plan kitchen and dining area, which benefits from having French doors that open out onto the garden. A ..."
Large 4 Bedroom Family House Kitchen/Diner with French doors to gardenUtility and downstairs cloakroom 4 Double Bedrooms en-suite to master bedroom Large Family bathroom Garage and parking for two cars 
UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON THE MARKET!! Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this beautifully presented three bedroom detached house with stunning period features and south-facing garden in the sought after location of Wollaton. The accommodation comprises; Through the porch into the lig...
"Situated conveniently for Wollaton Hall & Deer Park & on a larger than average plot, this four/five double bedroom detached family home also has a detached Annexe which provides a further flexible living space or bedroom & WC. Suitable for a growing family, the accommodation also has ..."
"This brand new apartment is situated on the exclusive Manor Lodge retirement development, close to the heart of the sought after south Nottinghamshire village of Ruddington. Occupying a first floor position, the east facing apartment provides approximately 819.45 sq ft of accommodation w..."
"The Solway is an impressive 3-bedroom home with plenty of living space spread across three perfectly laid-out floors. On the ground floor you'll find a spacious lounge and a separate open-plan kitchen and dining area with French doors providing attractive views of the garden. In summer, you ca..."
"Guide Price £390,000- £410,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to offer this well appointed 3 bedroom detached property in the sought after area of Compton Acres to the sales market. Occupying a corner plot and benefitting from a south facing rear garden with a sensory security li..."
"Beautifully Presented! Tristram's are proud to welcome this vastly extended family detached home with further scope for re-development is situated on a larger than average plot, fully alarmed with a wrap-around style plot and huge frontage to give a beautiful curb appeal and ample parking for sev..."
"A charming three bedroom bungalow perfectly placed in the heart of Clifton Village. This property is surrounded by stunning mature gardens, boasting a large gated front garden and a similarly large suntrap rear garden. On entry you are welcomed by a spacious entrance hall infused with vast natura..."
THREE BEDROOM CORNER PLOT DETACHED property located on Kirkland Drive. THREE RECEPTION ROOMS and DOWNSTAIRS W/C. OFF STREET PARKING WITH DRIVEWAY TO FRONT. Beeston rail station LESS THAN TWO MILES AWAY. IDEAL FAMILY HOME.
**LOFT CONVERSION** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this beautifully presented three DOUBLE bedroom Victorian end-terraced property situated within a very popular location and within a stones throw of West Bridgford town centre. This ideal bay fronted family home consists of: Entrance hall w...
"**GUIDE PRICE £390,000-£400,000** ** MUST VIEW ** POPULAR LOCATION ** Robert Ellis Estate Agents are proud to offer to the market this AMAZING FOUR BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY HOME situated in the heart of ARNOLD, NOTTINGHAM. The property is a stone's throw away from Arno..."
"Cherished by its first and only owner this proudly standing Detached House situated on a cul-de-sac. Briefly comprising of a generous and bright Entrance Hallway with a Juliet balcony, a Living Room with a second Juliet balcony looking over parts of Mapperley, a recently fitted high ..."
"Beautifully Presented Inside and Out!
Stunning family home benefiting from fantastic bedroom sizes , a well loved and cared for garden and patio area as well as a detached garage and off street parking for two cars.
Accommodation comprises; Entrance hall , downstairs cloak room , storage cupboard..."
"A three/four bedroom semi detached property offering extended accommodation and found in this sought after location. With gas central heating and double glazing the refurbished accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility and bathroom. To the first floor th..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £390,000 - £400,000 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION... This modern detached family house is situated in a highly sought after location with excellent access to the QMC, Nottingham City Centre and Universities. The property has huge potential to create a stunning family..."
"5 bedroom HMO located on Bernard Street, ideal location for students at Nottingham Trent University or young professionals. Recent partial renovation. Certificate of Lawfulness for 5 Bedroom HMO (C4 Use)."
Four Bedroom Detached HouseKitchen Diner with French Doors to the fully enclosed gardenCloakroomEnergy EfficientSafety - Intruder alarm
"William H Brown West Bridgford are delighted to have this detached, three bedroom family home for sale."
"An impressive three bedroom semi-detached house with an open living space and a private gated and enclosed garden with an Arctic cabin. Conveniently placed for access to a range of local amenities including shops, public houses, park sand schools and also provides easy access to bus links commut..."
"GUIDE PRICE £390,000 - £400,000 THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This six bedroom detached house would make the perfect family home as the property benefits from spacious accommodation throughout whilst being exceptionally well-presented and ready to move straight into! Situated in th..."
"Located on one of The Parks more popular roads lies Top Flat, 10 Cavendish Crescent North, a beautifully presented two bedroom apartment which must be seen to be fully appreciated.
"
"A superb example of a detached 1960's family home with deceptively spacious accommodation including four bedrooms, two bath/shower rooms & two reception rooms. Much improved & extremely-well presented by the current owner. Lovely views from the rear towards nearby fields. Driveway, garage & garden. "
"ROOM FOR ALL This deceptively spacious home requires an immediate viewing sitting in a sought after location within close proximity to a range of local amenities, shops and transport links. Call now to arrange your viewing"
"For sale an extremely well presented three bedroom detached bungalow located in a sought after area of Toton and ideally located on a quiet cu-de-sac and is within easy reach of a variety of local shops and amenities including schools, transport links, Chilwell Retail Park, Attenborough Nature Re..."
"Guide Price £385,000-£410,000. An immaculately presented extended three bedroom semi detached home in the sought after location of West Bridgford. This home offers generous proportions throughout whilst being completed to the highest of standards. On entry you are welcomed by a s..."
"This detached family home provides spacious and well presented accommodation arranged over two floors which includes an entrance porch, an entrance hall, a living room, an extended kitchen/dining/breakfast room with a range of built in NEFF appliances, and bi fold doors opening to the rear garden..."
"GUIDE PRICE £385,000 - £400,000 Royston & Lund are pleased to bring this modern, recently built semi-detached house in Wilford to the market. The property is set within a quiet, private road but still boasts excellent amenities on the doorstep with local shops, schools, a tram stop and p..."
"A stunning example of a traditional 1930's detached home significantly improved by the current owners over the past couple of years including the installation of new windows & doors, a new boiler, kitchen & bathroom & a home office to the garden. Off-road parking for 3/4 cars & lovely rear garden. "
"A four bedroom link detached house with a driveway and integral garage situated in a quiet cul-de-sac. With a spacious and well presented interior, this property would make an ideal purchase for a wide range of buyers, an early internal viewing comes highly recommended in order to be fully appre..."
"Thomas James are delighted to be marketing this well presented, upgraded and versatile three bedroom detached family home. The property provides spacious accommodation arranged over three floors which includes an entrance porch, clocks/utility room and fitted bathroom to the ground floor..."
Brand New Four Double Bedroom HouseChoice of Symphony Kitchen units including upgradesFully Integrated AppliancesKitchen Diner with French Doors to the Garden Spacious LoungeCloakroomFully Enclosed GardenFour Double Bedrooms with En-suiteFamily Bathroom Single Garage and Parking
"***£1,000 PER MONTH MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION FOR UP TO 12 MONTHS^*** The Lowesby is a 4 bedroom family home with OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINER including FRENCH DOORS to the garden. Upstairs has 3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS plus GENEROUS SINGLE with MASTER EN-SUITE. Completed by a SINGLE GARAGE and off road parking."
"The Elmslie is a beautiful 3 bedroom family home which features an open-plan kitchen/dining area along with a large separate living room with French doors leading to the garden. In addition, there is a downstairs cloakroom for convenience. Upstairs Bedroom 1 is a good size and has an e..."
3 bedroom home. EXCLUSIVE DESIGNER KITCHEN with integrated appliances. BI-FOLDS. Main bedroom with EN SUITE. INTEGRAL GARAGE.
We are pleased to confirm that first owners have now moved into our brand new retirement development – Manor Lodge on the leafy Manor Park private road in Ruddington and are enjoying the retirement they deserve.. Manor Lodge comprises of 43 one and two bedroom apartments and features a ...
"GUIDE PRICE - £380,000 - £390,000 PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom detached house is beautifully presented boasting of spacious accommodation offering ample storage throughout making the perfect purchase for any family. This property is perfect for anyone looking to be l..."
"Guide Price: £380,000 - £390,000 * EDWARDIAN HOME * FOUR BEDROOMS * EXTENDED * BAY FRONTED * PRIVATE GARDEN * FAMILY HOME * CELLAR FOR ADDITIONAL STORAGE A rare opportunity to purchase a stunning Edwardian, four bedroom, semi-detache..."
Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this spacious five bedroom detached family home situated in a popular location close to all local amenities and schools. The property offers versatile living accommodation with a gated driveway and single garage. In brief the accommodation compris...
"GUIDE PRICE £380,000 - £400,000 STUNNING FAMILY HOME... This detached four bedroom property benefits from being beautifully presented throughout whilst offering spacious accommodation throughout ideal for any family buyers looking for a property that is ready to move into and ca..."
"This attractive and characterful cottage style home provides accommodation arranged over three floors which includes an entrance porch, a hallway, a lounge, a kitchen, a dining room/family with French doors opening to the garden, plus a bathroom on the ground floor, a family room, and bedroom (wi..."
"GUIDE PRICE £380,000 - £400,000. A traditional style detached family home situated in Arnold within close proximity of excellent amenities including local shops and frequent bus routes. The property comprises of a good-sized lounge, useful dining room, breakfast kitchen with a range of units and ..."
"The Hazel is the perfect starter-home, ideal for those taking their first steps onto the property ladder. This well proportioned property features a front-facing sitting room, stylish open-plan kitchen/ diner ideal for entertaining guests with French doors to the garden. There is a clo..."
"An immaculately presented and well proportioned three bedroom link-detached house with the benefit of ample off road parking, an enclosed rear garden and a garage. Enjoying this quiet and peaceful cul-de-sac location well placed for local shops, schools and transport links."
"Well presented 4 bedroom house with garage, located in the highly sought after Fernwood School catchment. With a high gloss kitchen/dining room, utility room and 2 bathrooms plus separate w.c and 2 large reception rooms ."
"*GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000* Frank Innes are delighted to bring to the market this very well presented and spacious, four bedroom extended, detached family home. The property briefly comprises; An entrance hallway, Lounge, WC, Second reception room, Kitchen/Diner, Util..."
"PUBLIC NOTICE - 5 Bressingham Drive - We are in receipt of an offer of £345,000 subject to contract for this property. Anyone wishing to place a higher offer must do so before legal exchange of contracts."
"This detached family home provides accommodation arranged over two floors which includes an entrance hall, an open plan lounge/dining room with patio doors opening to the rear garden, a kitchen, a utility room and a wc on the ground floor, with the first floor landing giving access to three bedro..."
"WOW … ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A STUNNING 4-BEDROOM FAMILY PROPERTY? Well look no further, Purplebricks is pleased to present 4 Hobben Crescent. A detached 4 bed ready to move into and high quality throughout! As you approach the property you will be pleased by its curbside appeal, benefiting from ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000. A well-presented detached family home situated in a popular residential area of Arnold and within easy reach of ample amenities. The property boasts a good-sized lounge with double doors to a dining area which has French doors leading to a patio area, there is als..."
"Deceptively spacious plot! Tristram's are delighted to offer for sale a beautiful three-bedroom, detached house, situated within this highly regarded residential location. Having been impeccably refurbished by the current owners with benefits such as off-street parking, gas central heating from a..."
"£2,500 STAMP DUTY SAVING - This is a four double bedroom detached family home positioned at the head of a quiet cul-de-sac with open space to the side. The property is being sold with the benefit of NO UPWARD CHAIN and having been lived in by the same family since it was originally constructed, ..."
"Situated in the popular Mapperley Park conservation area with relatively easy access to the city centre and its associated amenities, an opportunity to acquire a delightful period property with the accommodation creatively arranged over two floors.
"
"***GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000*** *** THE ONE YOU'VE BEEN WAITING FOR! *** This EXTENDED detached family home located just outside Kimberley Town Centre has planning permission for a substantial outbuilding which could be used as an ANNEX or entertaining space. Viewin..."
"Nestled in the sought after town of Hucknall, this stylish and spacious 3/4 bedroom home is more than ready for any family. Only minutes from local schools, amenities and the town centre, whilst offering easy access to prime bus/tram links and M1 - making it easier for the commuters. Welcomed i..."
Immaculately Presented * GENEROUS PLOT * En-Suite * Downstairs WC * Large Garden * Patio * Modern Throughout * Detached *
"Situated on the edge of one of Nottingham´s most highly regarded locations lies Clinton House, a delightful period conversion within easy reach of the Nottingham city centre and its associated amenities. "
4 Bedroom Family House Kitchen/Dining Room with French Doors to garden. Utility with Storage Room Cloakroom Master Bedroom with En-suite 3 Further for two cars Fully Fenced and Gated Garden
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000 NO UPWARD CHAIN This detached cottage is bursting with character and charm as it is sympathetically restored for modern day living whilst providing you with the countryside lifestyle. Built over 100 years ago, the elegance of this property can onl..."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £395,000 NO UPWARD CHAIN... This three-bedroom semi-detached house offers spacious accommodation across two floors with the potential to extend (subject to planning permission) and benefits from being sold to the market with no upward chain, making this an idea..."
"Guide Price Range £375,000 - £395,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this well presented two double bedroom detached bungalow in the highly sought after area in Tollerton. The property sits on a generous plot with a beautiful landscaped garden. Entering thr..."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £395,000 MODERN DETACHED FAMILY HOME... This three bedroom detached house, constructed within recent years, is exceptionally well-presented whilst offering a wealth of space throughout making it the ideal purchase for any growing family looking to move str..."
"Guide Price £375,000-£395,000. An extended three bedroom property perfectly placed in the heart of central West Bridgford. Boasting off street parking, open plan living and a well-executed loft conversion offering a master suite. On entry you are welcomed by an entrance porch and..."
"Generous home with open plan kitchen/diner, lounge with French doors to the garden, 3 bedrooms, EN-SUITE and GARAGE."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £390,000 - Looking for your next family home? Well this stunningly presented extended four bedroom, detached house in the heart of Long Eaton, could be just the ticket! Situated on a quiet corner plot, just a stone's throw away from Long Eaton town centre, this ..."
"4 BED DETACHED!! FULLY RENOVATED THROUGHOUT!! NEW MODERN LAYOUT!! DRIVEWAY PARKING!! This property comes to the market having been completely renovated. The current owner has changed the layout to make it more modern, going back to brick and taking out internal walls to make ..."
"An Impressive three bedroom detached home situated in a popular residential location. The property is located at the end of a private drive. The properties accommodation in brief comprises of entrance hall, downstairs w.c, living room, conservatory, kitchen/diner and utility room to the ground fl..."
The bungalow is situated in a Cul-De-Sac in a popular village location and has been finished to a high standard throughout. The property currently offers a great opportunity for anyone looking for a property with self-contained annex space or just looking for a large bungalow. The accommodation o...
"A recently extended four bedroom, two bathroom, three toilet detached family house situated within this popular and established village location. With ample off-street parking, detached garage to the rear (no car access), generous gardens, gas central heating and double glazing. Ideally located..."
* Detached Home * Five Bedrooms * Lounge with Bar area * EPC Rating C * Single Garage * Driveway Parking * Viewing Recommended * Freehold * Family Home * EPC Rated C
"GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000 A 3 bedroom detached family home offered to the market with no upward chain and ideally situated for convenient access to both Mapperley and Arnold's excellent range of amenities, variety of schools and frequent bus services to the surrounding areas. The ground flo..."
For sale an extended three bedroom semi detached house that is extremely well presented throughout. The current owners have taken great pride in refurbishing this home to a very high standard and is very modern throughout. The property is ideally located in a very desirable area of Beeston and is...
"GUIDE PRICE: £375,000 - £425,000 PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... With this well-presented home which boasts spacious accommodation and has been fully renovated to include a new kitchen and bathroom suite as well as the addition of re-decorating throughout to create a beautiful proper..."
"NO CHAIN! A 4 bedroom detached family home with the Hobbucks Nature Reserve on the doorstep, situated within easy reach of Arnold's excellent range of amenities, a variety of schools and frequent bus services to the surrounding areas. The ground floor accommodation comprises an entrance hall with..."
"£2,500 STAMP DUTY SAVING - This is a double fronted detached home which has something of a cottage feel and being positioned on a quiet road is well placed for easy access to all the amenities and facilities provided by Long Eaton and the surrounding area. The property is entered through a styli..."
BEAUTIFUL!!! If you're looking for your next family home in Bestwood Village then this extremely spacious four bedroom detached home on Wren Drive could be everything you're looking for! Call today to arrange your viewing.
"**INTERNAL VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO APPRECIATE THE SIZE OF THE PROPERTY!!**
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this extended semi-detached four bedroom family home. This fantastic property offers spacious living accommodation throughout with two reception rooms and a dining kitc..."
"Offering a wealth of charm and character throughout this impressive three bedroom semi-detached property is presented to an immaculate standard and is being sold with no onward chain. Comprising of an entrance hall, living room with feature bay window and wood burning stove, dining room, fitted k..."
"A detached family home situated within a quiet, popular residential location and within easy reach of Bestwood Country Park and other excellent amenities including local shops and frequent transport links to Nottingham city centre. The property boasts a spacious lounge, a modern kitchen with a ra..."
"A three bedroom semi-detached home in a fantastic central West Bridgford location only a two minute walk to Central Avenue. The property offers generous driveway parking and a large rear garden and is offered for sale with no upward chain. The accommodation consists of entrance hall, living room ..."
"Three bedroom well-presented Grade Two listed cottage in a popular location with no upward chain. The accommodation briefly comprises of lounge with exposed beams, dining room and kitchen. To the first floor are three bedrooms and family bathroom. Outside the property to the front is a large well..."
"The perfect home to raise your family, this extended detached home offers ample living space, four bedrooms, driveway and garage. Within easy access to local shops, schools, amenities and a short drive to Nottingham City Centre. Call to view."
"Extended to the front & side to provide an additional office/playroom & shower room this three bedroom detached home is presented to a high standard throughout benefitting from having three WC , three reception rooms & utility & is also ideally located for Wollaton Hall & Deer..."
"A Gardeners Delight - Set on approx a third of an acre of mature garden site this four bedroom family home. Having modern kitchen with integrated appliances, generous lounge and conservatory the property must be viewed to be fully appreciated"
"A spacious and recently redecorated detached bungalow located just a short walk from Mapperley's shops and amenities, with three double bedrooms, double garage, lovely elevated views and is for sale with NO UPWARD CHAIN!"
GetAnOffer are offering this ATTRACTIVELY PRICED PROPERTY from a MOTIVATED seller to buyers that are in a position to purchase relatively quickly. This property has been PRICED to ENCOURAGE a QUICK SALE. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property for sale: Detached House Four Bedrooms ...
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! A superb extended 4 bedroom detached family home which must be viewed to be fully appreciated! There's an entrance hall with cloakroom/WC, a spacious lounge with a feature solid-fuel burner, a utility room and a stunning open plan family dining kitchen with a fantastic..."
*** INDIVIDUALLY BUILT DETACHED BUNGALOW ***  Offered for sale in this much sought after village location in Nuthall this light and spacious 3 double bedroom bungalow has a wealth of accommodation to suit all buyers! call Watson's for more information or to book a viewing.
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000-£400,000. Situated in a sought after location just a stones throw from Wollaton Park, this extended, three bedroom detached house offers fantastic potential for further expansion (STPP) and is being sold with no onward chain. Offering a high quality finish throughou..."
"Occupying a prime position with dual aspect over beautiful countryside, this spacious semi detached property will make a wonderful home for the family wanting to live in this highly desirable village."
EXTENDED * Three Reception Rooms * STUNNING KITCHEN * Downstairs Shower Room With WC And Sauna * First Floor Bathroom * Four Good Size Bedrooms * Garage * No Upward Chain
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £395,000 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION... This three bedroom detached property offers spacious accommodation throughout and is well-presented allowing the new buyers to drop off their bags and move straight into! Situated in a popular location which is host..."
"Guide Price of £375,000 - £400,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this absolutely stunning Victorian Home in the heart of West Bridgford. The property is immaculately presented throughout with accommodation over three storeys and a sunny south facing garden to the re..."
"***Guide Price £375,000 - £400,000*** Purplebricks are delighted to welcome to the market this well presented four bedroom detached property with off street parking. Welcomed through the front door into an entrance hallway with door leading into the spacious open plan lounge diner which offers ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £170,000 - £180,000 CITY CENTRE LIVING Located within the heart of the City and only a short walk to a vast range of local amenities, shops, bars and restaurants this two bedroom apartment also enjoys stunning views over the City"
"An extended, detached family home situated in a quiet residential location within close proximity of Bakersfield's excellent amenities. The property boasts a welcoming porch/entrance hall, two spacious reception rooms, modern kitchen with a range of units and a ground floor double bedroom with an..."
A beautifully presented traditional three bedroom semi-detached house with an extended open plan kitchen/diner to the rear.
"NO CHAIN! A twice extended, detached house having photo voltaic solar panels with an income in the region of £500pa, plus the benefit of the hot water expenditure covered. The property is situated in the popular quiet location of Woodthorpe and within easy walking distance of Mapperley, a variety..."
"NO UPWARD CHAIN.... This three-storey semi-detached property is coming to the market with no upward chain and offers an abundance of space throughout, making a perfect purchase for a range of buyers such as growing families or landlords looking for their next investment. Situated in the ..."
"A detached home ideally suited to first time buyers. This home features an open plan kitchen/ dining/ family room with French doors to the turfed garden, a bay window to the living room and 3 bedrooms - with the master providing a designer ensuite."
"Riverside is a brand new, waterside development by Peter James Homes, consisting of 34 luxury apartments, split over 2 blocks. Apartment 6 is a spacious 3 bedroom first floor apartment, with balcony, situated in Riverside 2, adjacent to the beautiful tree-lined entrance of the development"
**Internal photos and floorplan to follow** Beautifully presented! Tristrams is delighted to bring to the market this deceptively spacious three-bedroomed detached property situated in a very popular residential area being offered to the market with a complete chain! This instantly attractive pro...
"PRICE GUIDE £370-£380,000 This is an amazing detached property which has been altered and extended by the current owner and we are sure that interested parties will be bowled over when they view. The spacious and re-designed accommodation includes a hall leading into the stunning dining/living k..."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this attractive, traditionally built detached family house, located in Bramcote and benefitting from proximity to both Beeston and Stapleford shopping areas, as well as having great access to the A52 and M1. The property is in good condition but offers the o..."
A versatile and spacious 4 bedroom link detached house with garage and enclosed rear gardens located in this highly sought after location close to Bramcote Lane shops and cafes and being in the popular Fernwood School catchment.
An extended three bedroom detached house with an open plan kitchen/diner and garden room to the rear.
"GUIDE PRICE: £370,000 - £380,000 NOT TO BE MISSED... We are pleased to be marketing this beautifully-presented detached house boasting spacious accommodation spanning across two floors making it the perfect home for any growing family. This property is situated in a sought-after..."
William H Brown are delighted to offer this four bedroom extended detached home situated in a fantastic location.
"FAMILY HOME This immaculate home that was newly constructed in 2018 sits in a fantastic location within easy reach of various amenities including Gedling Country Park, local conveniences, excellent school catchments and regular bus links"
FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME on Horsley Lane. DRIVEWAY AND SINGLE GARAGE and REAR GARDEN WITH PATIO SPACE. Carlton rail station LESS THAN TWO MILES AWAY. MODERN AND WELL-PRESENTED THROUGHOUT.
"Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom detached home in West Bridgford that benefits from off street parking and a garage. This property is sold with no upward chain, is situated within catchment area for highly popular local schools and is within easy reach of the..."
"GUIDE PRICE £370,000 - £380,000 LUXURY APARTMENT... This two bedroom luxury apartment boasts of unique characteristic accommodation offering ample space and storage throughout making the perfect purchase for any couples or working professionals looking to be located in the hear..."
"Plot 5 - Stylish and sizable new build 3 bed maisonette with easy access to West Bridgford, City Centre & train station. Spacious open plan kitchen / living with two double bedrooms, 1 single bedroom, ensuite shower room and separate bathroom plus allocated parking."
" A beautiful family home, with a home garden office.  Freehold Detached House Three bedrooms Entrance Hallway Living Room Dining room Extended fitted kitchen Modern four piece family bathroom Beautiful period features throughout Spacious and accessible loft with ..."
"A well proportioned three bedroom detached house with a driveway to the rear leading to the garage and private enclosed rear garden. Situated in a popular and convenient location within walking distance of Attenborough Nature Reserve and a variety of other local amenities including shops, school..."
"The Eveleigh is a beautiful 3 bedroom family home which features a large living room with French doors leading out to the garden. In addition, it also has an open-plan kitchen/dining area and downstairs cloakroom to the ground floor. Upstairs Bedroom 1 has an en-suite, and there is a s..."
"The Bowyer benefits from an OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/family room with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES & FRENCH DOORS, a UTILITY & a CLOAKROOM. There's 3 DOUBLE Bedrooms & a single. SHOWER EN-SUITE to Bedroom 1. SINGLE GARAGE."
"Guide price £365,000-£375,000. A three bedroom detached house in Gamston. Gamston is an extremely sought after location to the south of Nottingham city centre. Gamston centre has a pub, medical centre, community hall, picturesque canal and a Morrisons store, all ..."
4 Bedroom Detached HouseKitchen/Dining Room with French Doors to garden.Utility with Storage RoomCloakroomMaster Bedroom with En-suite3 Further BedroomsParking for two carsFully Fenced Garden
"Ashdale Gardens, Burton Joyce is a select development of just 11 bespoke properties, with an excellent choice of two to four bedrooms with a mix of houses and bungalows; something for everyone to consider. Plots 1, 2 & 7 are beautiful and thoughtfully designed, three bedroom detached hom..."
"This detached home has been recently upgraded and modernised by the current owners, to provide a home suitable for any growing family! The versatile accommodation includes an entrance hall, a living room, an extended open plan dining kitchen/living area, a utility room, a study/bedroom,..."
*** Stunning Detached Four Bedroom Home *** This Impressive Corner Plot is available now with no upward chain! Built new in 2019 this home benefits from double driveway and detached garage to the exterior making it an ideal family home from the outset. The interior is complete to a high...
A tidy and well maintained three bedroom detached bungalow with garage situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location in Wollaton. Offered to the market with no upward chain.
"As you walk through the front door and into the hallway of The Douglas, you'll soon discover the unique shape of this attractive home offers lots of room, with an open plan kitchen and dining area and good-sized lounge providing plenty of living space. French doors in the dining area open onto..."
"Guide Price £365,000- £375,000 A well presented, detached bungalow, that comes to the market with the added incentive of having 'no upward chain' which helps to simplify the whole buying process. The property enjoys a cul de sac location close to the heart of this extremely popular vill..."
"Guide Price £365,000-£385,000. An immaculately presented three bedroom semi detached property spoilt with location. Completely renovated this home boasts modern open plan living and a south westerly facing landscaped garden. On entry you are welcomed by an entrance hall leading t..."
"Immaculately presented throughout, this detached home is located conveniently for Bramcote Lane shops & amenities, has a modern fitted kitchen, bathroom & three double bedrooms. Situated on this popular Cul-de-sac with good access to the local park, bus route & Wollaton Hall & Dee..."
"UPDATED PHOTOS NOW LIVE! Wallace Jones are delighted to offer for sale this new build four bedroom semi detached property which is still under construction located on a new development, Hoff Close off Briar Gate Long Eaton. A must view to appreciate the accommodation on offer. Garage & two se..."
"***£1,000 PER MONTH MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION FOR UP TO 12 MONTHS^*** The Cutler benefits from an OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/family room with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES & FRENCH DOORS & CLOAKROOM. There are 3 DOUBLE Bedrooms & a single. SHOWER EN-SUITE to Bedroom 1. SINGLE GARAGE and off road parking."
"DUAL-ASPECT lounge, open-plan kitchen with FRENCH DOORS to the garden, EN SUITE main bedroom, further double bedroom and single bedroom/home office. Semi-detached home with 2 parking spaces.
Plot 82 | Moresby | Beeston Quarter
Ideally located just a short drive from Nottingham city centre, Beesto..."
"A student investment property in the heart of Lenton, which has been refurbished to a high standard and is already let for the 23/24 academic year. C4 Planning is granted. "
"A much loved family home that has been in the ownership of the sellers for the past thirty eight years and offers spacious accommodation including a 28ft (8.6m) lounge/dining room, three good size bedrooms and externally and garage & lovely south-west facing garden backing onto Crock Dumble Beck. "
"Being situated on a quiet service road which is close to the heart of Toton, this traditional semi detached home has been extended to the side and rear to provide enlarge accommodation on both the ground and first floors, The spacious accommodation includes a fully enclosed porch, reception hall..."
"***£1,000 PER MONTH MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION FOR UP TO 6 MONTHS^*** DOUBLE ASPECT LOUNGE & OPEN PLAN Kitchen / Diner with FRENCH DOORS. The first floor has all 4 bedrooms including a Master with En-suite. Completed by a SINGLE GARAGE and off road parking for two cars."
"Basement Annexe! A detached bungalow with the benefit of a lower ground floor comprising of a kitchenette, living room and bedroom with an en-suite shower room/WC, this space has the potential of being utilised as an independent annex. This deceptive property is situated in a generous sized p..."
"LOOKING FOR SOMETHING DIFFERENT? - This detached family home has more than meets the eye with a smart split-level layout offering five bedrooms, two en suites, a family bathroom, spacious kitchen/diner and lounge. A truly impressive and individual property which must be viewed to be appreciated."
"Riverside is a brand new, waterside development by Peter James Homes, consisting of 34 luxury apartments, split over 2 blocks. Apartment 11 is a delightful two bedroom apartment on the second floor situated in Riverside 2, adjacent to the beautiful tree-lined entrance of the development."
"For sale with no upwards chain a three bedroom detached house ideally located in central Beeston close by to amenities and excellent transport links such as bus, tram and train. Local supermarkets , good schools and plenty of bars and restaurants. The property has be partly refurbished and offers..."
"A beautifully presented and well proportioned three bedroom detached bungalow enjoying a quiet and peaceful cul-de-sac location with the benefit of ample off road parking, a detached garage and a landscaped rear garden, well placed for local shops, transport links, the A52 and the Queen's Medical..."
"Guide Price - £360,000 - £380,000 This four bedroom family home will tick all of your boxes! On lovely plot this property has an en-suite to the master, kitchen diner and lounger diner so there is room for all the family!"
"We are pleased to offer for sale, this detached bungalow, built around 1950 and enjoying a good sized plot with sizeable gardens to both the front and rear. The property has a large lounge that opens into a conservatory which overlooks the back garden. As well as a square eat-in kitchen, the bu..."
"Guide Price £360,000 - £370,000 WOW! What a beautiful listing! Introducing the Old Chapel, built in 1899 as a Methodist Church for generations to love and celebrate life. In 2013 The Old Chapel's future was uncertain, with plans set to demolish the chapel for new ho..."
"NO UPWARD CHAIN... This three bedroom semi-detached property has plenty of space and potential throughout making it a great purchase for a range of buyers. The property is situated in a quiet, residential location within close proximity to various schools, parks, local amenities and tran..."
For sale with no upwards chain this brand new unlived in three bedroom semi detached home was newly built in 2022 and the current owner has never resided in the home. The property is located in the new build Barratt estate within the Beeston Rylan’s and is conveniently walking distance to B...
"GUIDE PRICE £360,000 - £380,000! JUST WOW! This three bedroom semi detached is amazing! It has a stunning extended, open plan kitchen living space to rear with bi-fold door opening on to a landscaped garden and views of fields! What more could you ask for!"
"HomeMove Estate Agents are pleased to offer a cluster of brand-new homes located on the Mapperley/Sherwood boarder. Four of the new homes will offer four bedrooms, three bathrooms and a separate WC over four floors. Three of the four properties will have an integral garage and parking and one ..."
MODERN FAMILY HOME... This modern semi-detached home is as good as the day it was built with the property being beautifully presented throughout and offering spacious accommodation spanning across three floors making it the perfect purchase for any family buyers looking to move straight ...
"Tristram's are delighted to introduce this vastly extended double height bay fronted three bedroom detached family house. With off-street parking and generous garden space, ideally located within the neighbouring towns of Stapleford and Beeston, offering a variety of schooling, shopping facilitie..."
"Plot 10 - A stylish four bedroom town house with enclosed rear garden and balcony. Stunning water side development with low running costs and comfortable, stylish finishes are well located with easy access to the Country Park, City centre and Trent Bridge."
"Plot 12 - A stylish four bedroom town house with enclosed rear garden and balcony. Stunning water side development with low running costs and comfortable, stylish finishes are well located with easy access to the Country Park, City centre and Trent Bridge"
William H Brown West Bridgford are delighted to showcase this beautiful Edwardian semi-detached home with four bedroom and finished to a high standard incorporating modern and period features.
"THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom detached house offers a wealth of space both inside and out whilst benefiting from being exceptionally well-presented and decorated throughout, making it the perfect home for any growing family. This property is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac ..."
If you're looking for your next home then don't delay in booking a viewing to have a look around Canberra Crescent! This immaculately presented four bedroom home is a must see! Call to arrange your viewing now!
"Plot 21 - Three bedroom town house with enclosed rear garden and roof terrace. Stunning water side development with low running costs and comfortable, stylish finishes are well located with easy access to the Country Park, City centre and Trent Bridge"
"We are pleased to bring to the market this well presented, modern decorated FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED House on Canberra Crescent, within close proximity to local, shops, amenities and schools. Modern decor throughout, en suite, driveway for off street parking, garage and front and rear gardens."
THREE BEDROOM DETACHED property located on Brendon Road. OFF STREET PARKING ATTACHED GARAGE. Nottingham rail station LESS THAN THREE MILES AWAY.
"Immaculately presented throughout, this three double bedroom home is located conveniently for Bramcote Lane shops & amenities, Fernwood Schools & Wollaton Hall & Deer Park. Situated in this popular part of Wollaton, the accommodation has been improved by the current owners with the ad..."
A fabulous spacious contemporary apartment on the edge of one of Nottingham´s most prestigious locations. EWS1 FORM APPROVED
"Situated in the popular conservation area known as Mapperley Park, within relatively easy reach of the Nottingham city centre and its associated amenities. "
"VERY WELL PRESENTED EXTENDED 3 BED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH OPEN PLAN LIVING/DINING/KITCHEN, SITTING ROOM, UTILITY ROOM AND CLOAKS W.C."
"An immaculate three bedroom detached family home found in this sought after location, offering spacious and well presented accommodation with gas central heating and double glazing. In brief comprising a hall, ground floor w.c., lounge, dining kitchen, three first floor bedrooms and bathroom. O..."
"15ft LOUNGE, open plan 18ft DINING KITCHEN with French doors, LAUNDRY ROOM, principal bedroom with EN-SUITE and GARAGE."
"Beautifully Presented Throughout!
This detached bungalow sits on a large plot , benefiting from a gated driveway providing off street parking for several cars and a larger than average detached garage ideal as a workshop , storage area or potential annex or home office subject to relevant plannin..."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 REFURBISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD THROUGHOUT... We are pleased to present to the market this immaculate detached bungalow as it benefits from being finished to a high standard throughout offering a range of modern fixtures and fittings including a b..."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000. A well-presented detached bungalow situated in the highly sought after location of Mapperley Plains. The property boasts a good-sized lounge with a bay window, breakfast kitchen with access to a utility area, dining room, three ample-sized bedrooms, shower room/WC..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £350,000 - £375,000 DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH GUEST ROOM... A rare opportunity to acquire a large four bedroom detached house featuring a fantastic garden room, providing versatile accommodation for a range of buyers. This well-presented property is situated in a qu..."
"Three bedroom family home which is located near shops and tram route and would make an ideal first time buyer home. The property benefits from a fitted dining kitchen, extended bedroom two and bathroom, gas central heating, double glazing. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge, fitted..."
"A totally renovated two bedroom detached bungalow offered for sale with NO UPWARD CHAIN being positioned in this cul de sac location. With gas central heating from combi boiler, double glazing, ample off-street parking, single garage and enclosed garden to the rear. Ideally located close to sho..."
"*** LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! *** ***GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 *** Within catchment of the most favoured Bluecoat Academy (OFSTED RATED OUTSTANDING), this location is always popular with families. A superb opportunity to purchase a bay fronted, traditional style semi deta..."
"IDEAL LOCATION Three bedroom detached bungalow occupying a private corner plot tucked away at the end of a desirable cul-de-sac. Primary & secondary schools are within a short walk, together with gyms, shops and other amenities making this ideal for families as well as those looking to downsize"
"GUIDE PRICE: £350,000 - £375,000 PLENTY OF POTENTIAL... This three bedroom link-detached house boasts spacious accommodation whilst offering plenty of potential making it a great purchase for an investor or anyone wanting to turn a house into a home! This property is situated in..."
"THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This three bedroom semi-detached house is situated in a highly desirable location within easy reach of the centre of West Bridgford, hosting a wide range of excellent facilities and amenities together with the City Centre and Universities. There is good access ..."
"A beautifully presented, three bedroom, semi detached home, occupying a more than generously sized, corner plot. There are gardens to three sides and a larger than average driveway providing multiple vehicle parking. Lambley is a much sought after village, being surrounded by beautiful rolling ..."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this recently renovated TWO/THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW on Elmsham Avenue. Located in close proximity to local shops, amenities and schools, with excellent transports links into Bulwell, with high standard modern decor throughout and off street parking."
"** CORNER PLOT ** IMMACULATE CONDITION ** EXTENDED ** Robert Ellis Estate Agents are proud to offer to the market this OUTSTANDING THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY HOME situated in the heart of ARNOLD, NOTTINGHAM. The property is a stone's throw away from Arnold town centre..."
"*** Spacious detached family home ready to move into *** Situated in the popular town of Hucknall, this spacious and contemporary four bedroom detached home is ideal for any first time buyer or family. Only minutes from local schools, amenities and prime bus links whilst offering easy access to..."
FIVE BEDROOM GRADE II LISTED BUILDING located on Forest Road East. THREE RECEPTION ROOMS AND BASEMENT AREA. IDEAL REFURBISHMENT PROJECT. Nottingham rail station LESS THAN TWO MILES AWAY.
"NO UPWARD CHAIN... This three bedroom detached house occupies a generous sized plot as the property benefits from spacious accommodation both inside and out whilst offering scope for further development, subject to planning. This property would be the perfect purchase for any growing fam..."
"*** CHARACTER BEYOND WORDS! *** This gorgeous 4 bedroom cottage in Newthorpe is an absolute MUST SEE to appreciate the space, charm and character on offer. Call to book your viewing appointment, you wont be disappointed! "
"**GUIDE PRICE £350,000-£360,000**
Beautifully presented three bedroom detached family home situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location. The property is immaculately presented throughout with a newly fitted modern kitchen, two reception rooms, ground floor WC and a large private garden to the rear. I..."
For sale with no upwards chain a three bedroom end terraced house that has been refurbished throughout and is ideally located in central Beeston. The property benefits from two reception rooms along with bathroom and extra shower room. The property is close to local amenities such as supermarkets...
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £400,000! This extended, four bedroom semi detached house has room for all the family. If it's an abundance of space you need for entertaining and a generous garden for children to play in, then this must be viewed"
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 A beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home conveniently located within walking distance of Carlton Hill's excellent range of amenities and frequent bus services to the city centre! The ground floor accommodation comprises an entrance hall with under-..."
"THE ONE YOU'VE BEEN WAITING FOR!.. A SPACIOUS EXECUTIVE STYLE MEWS HOUSE IN A FANTASTIC LOCATION WITH THE ADDED BENEFIT OF NO UPWARD CHAIN!! DON'T MISS OUT!!! Guide Price £350,000-£375,000 Frank Innes are honoured to welcome to the market this stunning modern fou..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase an investment or family purchase in the ever-popular district of West Bridgford currently comprising of two flats, 6 and 6a available with tenants in place. The property would make a fantastic family home if converted back into one dwelling which could be done with..."
"Guide Price £350,000 - £375,000. A beautifully presented double bay fronted detached home in popular Wilford. The property has a large gravel driveway to the front and good size rear garden with decked areas. There is a large lean-to and garage to the side, currently used as storage and..."
"GUIDE PRICE - £350,000 - £375,000 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION... This three bedroom detached house will make the perfect home for any family. It is situated in a newly built development in a prime location next to Gedling County Park. The property is superbly presented througho..."
THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom detached house would make the perfect family home as the property benefits from spacious accommodation throughout whilst being exceptionally well-presented and ready to move straight into! Situated in the heart of a popular residential locatio...
For sale with no upwards chain a very well presented three bedroom detached house ideally located in a popular area of Chilwell which offers a range of amenities and great transport links.The property benefits from a driveway and detached garage and overlooks a beautiful green area with establish...
"*** A WEALTH OF ACCOMMODATION *** Located on a popular road in Newthorpe, this substantial family home provides an abundance of space and versatility throughout."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000. A detached bungalow situated in Gedling within a private cul-de-sac and nearby to excellent amenities and transport links. The property has a good-sized lounge/dining room, kitchen with a range of units, conservatory providing access and having views of the garden..."
"Two Bedroom End Terrace Property in Nottingham, handy for the M1 and a range of amenities. "
"An extended Hofton built three bedroom link detached house with a generous and contemporary interior, ideal for a variety of potential purchasers."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 RENOVATED THROUGHOUT... We are pleased to present to the market this well-presented semi-detached cottage as it benefits from being renovated throughout including a new boiler, new electric consumer unit, insulation to the conservatory and much mo..."
"A viewing is essential to appreciate the space and location on offer. Situated within a private cul-de-sac, this well presented and spacious detached family home briefly comprises; An entrance hallway, large living room, conservatory, kitchen, separate utility room, downstairs shower room and lar..."
*** A FAMILY HOME WITH FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** There's room for all the family in this detached home on a popular quiet cul de sac in Kimberley.
Four Bedroom Detached Home | Spacious and Private Rear Garden | Off-Road Parking and Garage | Recently Undergone Full Refurbishment | Available with No Onward Chain | Being Sold Via Auction | Please Contact Taylors to Arrange your Visit!
"Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this four bedroom link detached home the heart of West Bridgford. The property benefits from off street parking, a car port and is sold with no upward chain. Situated within catchment area for popular local schools and within easy reach of West ..."
TUCKED AWAY! Located on a quiet Cul de sac this spacious four bedroom home is within walking distance of Arnold town centre as well as Primary and Secondary Schools and would make a great place for a growing family to put down roots. Call today to arrange your viewing!
"Stunning Family Home !
The property benefits from recently installed Double Glazed windows throughout , a superb new modern kitchen and a great size conservatory to the rear offering additional living space.
Situated in a quiet cul de sac whilst being a short walk from many local amenities, good..."
"For sale with no upward chain, this well presented detached home is located conveniently for Wollaton Hall & Deer Park, has a conservatory to the rear & has two reception rooms. Retaining some period features, this three bedroom home is ideally located for Fernwood Schools & Middleton..."
"*** COULD THIS BE YOUR FOREVER FAMILY HOME? *** Situated on a sought after residential development, this executive detached boasts a wealth of accommodation throughout and would make the perfect 'forever home'. For more information or to book your viewing appointment, call our team."
"GUIDE PRICE - £350,000 - £375,000. A gorgeous 3-bed detached property packed with unique features and plenty of potential! Situated close to the heart of Stapleford, this 3 bedroom detached property boasts many unique features, from an orangery lantern roof to a sparkly, stretch ceil..."
"PERFECT FAMILY HOME! This four bedroom family home will tick all of your boxes! On lovely plot this property has an en-suite to the master, kitchen diner and lounger diner so there is room for all the family!"
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000! PREPARE TO FALL IN LOVE!This family home sure has the wow factor, and I'm sure your going to love it just as much as we do!"
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000. A must view and well-presented, detached family home situated in a popular residential location in Carlton and within easy reach of excellent amenities including local shops, supermarkets, well-regarded schools and frequent bus routes to Nottingham city centre. Th..."
"A four bedroomed detached property situated on the popular Nuthall estate close to Nottingham city centre and with great access to Junction 26 of the M1. Boasting four double bedrooms and ample off-street parking, this property offers space for all of the family. Call today to book your viewing."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 An immaculately presented & extended detached family home in the highly sought after Bakersfield, conveniently situated within easy reach of ample amenities, well-regarded schools & frequent transport links to Nottingham City centre. This stunning property boasts a..."
"THIS IS THE ONE!...Early viewing is recommended for this lovely three bedroom detached family home, with its spacious and modern living areas, as well as convenient location near local amenities and good schools."
"FOR SALE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN!! FOUR BEDROOM, EXTENDED, DETACHED FAMILY HOME offering recently updated decoration throughout. The SUBSTANTIAL FLEXIBLE ACCOMMODATION includes useful extra space ideal for a family due to the size and layout, which includes a SECOND VERSATILE RECEPTION ROOM on the g..."
"LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION... This four bedroom detached house would make the perfect purchase for a range of buyers whilst being situated in a quiet location, local to Clifton Grove Nature Reserve and the historical St Mary's Church which overlooks the scenic River Trent. The property..."
"Offered for sale by freckleton brown is this superb example of this FIVE bedroom detached home i the popular residential area of Giltbrook. The double glazed and gas centrally heated accommodation comprises of entrance hall, cloaks/w/c, lounge/diner, large refitted kitchen and playroom to th (cont.)"
"This semi detached home is beautifully maintained and enjoys a quiet cul-de-sac position with open views to the rear. The accommodation is arranged over two floors including an entrance porch, a living room, a dining kitchen and conservatory on the ground floor, with the first floor lan..."
"A re-modelled three bedroom detached family house with a stylish, modern interior. Impressive fully fitted kitchen opening to family room, separate living room with log burner, shower facilities to bedrooms one and two. Popular location. Viewing recommended."
An extended four bedroom detached house with a driveway leading to the integral garage being offered to the market with the benefit of chain free vacant possession. A perfect opportunity for a growing family looking to put their own stamp on their next home. Situated in a popular and convenient ...
WELL-PRESENTED FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom detached house would be an ideal purchase for anyone looking to upsize into their forever home as the property is well-presented with neutral decor and newly fitted carpets and offers spacious accommodation throughout allowing the new buyer...
"This lovely detached home has much to offer. Located in Nottingham, it boasts four bedrooms, two reception rooms and a large rear garden. It also offers ample off-road parking. This is the perfect opportunity for any home hunter. Viewing advised, we don't anticipate the property being on the mar..."
The Perfect Family Home… A Charming & Prestigious 3 Bedroom Period Spacious Home In Highly Sought-After Location With Large South-West Facing Garden
"Two double bedroom apartment within The Lambs Building. Fantastic views overlooking the Market Square and obtaining an annual rent roll of £17,400 to Sept 2023."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - This spacious detached bungalow is located in a quiet cul de sac and has good access to Mapperley and Carlton where there are excellent shops and facilities. There are two bathrooms, a generous lounge/diner, conservatory, tandem garage and a low maintenance back garden."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £360,000. An immaculately and well-presented chalet-style detached bungalow which is testament to the current owners. The property enjoys 3/4 bedrooms depending on configuration and enjoys superb extended views and also in close proximity to ample amenities, frequent transp..."
THREE STOREY SEMI-DETACHED property on Navigation Street. IDEAL FAMILY HOME. PRIVATE ROOF TERRACE. EN-SUITE IN MASTER BEDROOM and DOWNSTAIRS W/C. Nottingham rail station LESS THAN TWO MILES AWAY.
"Are you a growing family running out of space? This stunning, spacious home with 3 bathrooms, 4 double bedrooms, private driveway, garage, a large breakfast kitchen and a separate study, could be just what you are looking for!"
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 MODERN SEMI-DETACHED HOME... This modern semi-detached home is as good as the day it was built as the property is exceptionally well-presented throughout whilst boasting spacious accommodation spanning across three floors, making it the perfect ho..."
"Nestled on a fantastic plot in a quiet cul de sac, this stunning four bedroom detached family home is prime for any family. Only minutes from local schools, amenities and bus links whilst offering easy access to M1 and Hucknall town centre.
All of this whilst being surrounded by great views and ..."
Planning permission granted for single and double storey extension. 3 Bed extended detached house with dual aspect lounge/dining room. Good sized gardens. EPC E. 
"A split level deceiving two/three bedroom detached property situated in this popular and established location. With gas central heating from combi boiler, double glazing, off-street parking, garage, and generous gardens to the rear. Ideally located close to shops, schools and transport links, w..."
"A traditional three bedroom semi-detached property with driveway and carport. Situated in a sought after location within walking distance of Beeston town centre, offered to the market with the benefit of no chain. An early internal viewing comes highly recommended."
"Great Opportunity! Tristram's is proud to welcome to the market this beautifully presented three-bedroom detached house with front and rear gardens, off-road parking and a double garage - Located on a larger-than-average plot with great dynamic for growth. Situated in a popular residential locati..."
"Beautifully presented, This semi detached family home provides accommodation arranged over two floors which includes an entrance hall, a lounge, dining room with a fitted kitchen. Whilst on the first floor you will find the three bedrooms which are serviced by the family bathroom. The property ha..."
"William H Brown West Bridgford are delighted to offer this beautiful, four bed house for sale, which is located in well sought-after area."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This three/four bedroom semi-detached house would make the perfect purchase for a growing family as it boasts spacious accommodation both inside and out and contains a mix of new and period features, including the original t..."
"A recently renovated three bedroom semi-detached house with a driveway to the front and an enclosed garden to the rear. Situated in a popular and convenient residential location within walking distance of Attenborough Nature Reserve and a variety of other local amenities including supermarkets, ..."
Perfect For investments * Period Property * Versatile Accommodation * Three Storey * Original Features * Three Reception Rooms * Ground Floor WC * Residential/Commercial Use * Off Road Parking * Double Garage * NO CHAIN 
"SPACIOUS DETACHED HOUSE... This substantial detached home which is situated on a large plot offers spacious accommodation throughout whilst being well-presented, making it the ideal purchase for any growing families! Situated in a popular location within close proximity of a range of loc..."
"To be sold with vacant possession and no upward chain, this Hofton built semi-detached house has been extended on the ground floor and offers further scope for extension. Perfect for a growing family, the house is in an established and popular residential area, within walking distance of the exc..."
"Guide Price Range £350,000 - £365,0000 Royston are Lund are pleased to bring to the market this heavily extended three storey end of terrace house with off street parking in Wilford Village. The property benefits from versatile living accommodation and is conveniently situated for access..."
"** GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 ** Built by Gilbert & Hall, this detached bungalow provides spacious accommodation including an entrance hall, a lounge, a separate dining room, a kitchen, three bedrooms, a family shower room, and a cloakroom/wc. Benefiting from gas central he..."
"Offering easy access to the city centre, train station and its associated amenities and close to one of Nottingham´s most famous landmarks, Nottingham Castle.
"
"GUIDE PRICE £125,000-£135,000. A mid-terraced house situated within walking distance of local shops and other superb amenities. The property boasts two good-sized reception rooms, kitchen with a range of units, two double bedrooms and a bathroom/WC. Outside, there is a low maintenance rear garden..."
"This is one of those amazing houses that you must see to believe. When you drive up the homely residential street in the established family area you arrive outside what seems to be a bungalow home. There is off street parking, a garage, and a rather nice little lawn. Its only when you step in ..."
This is an individual detached bungalow which is situated on a large South facing plot with a private garden to the rear. The property is being sold with no upward chain and the well proportioned accommodation included derives all the benefits of gas central heating and double glazing. Being re...
LOOKING FOR AN ESTABLISHED BUSINESS WITH EXCELLENT TURNOVER? WANT TO BE YOUR OWN BOSS? THE SALE OF GLAISDALE CAT LODGE OFFERS BOTH AND SO MUCH MORE!! Frank Innes are delighted to welcome to the market this fabulous business opportunity to acquire THE ONLY FIVE STAR LICENCED CATTERY I...
"New Build, 3 Storey, 4 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom, Detached Dwelling. Fitted Kitchen with appliances: Neff oven and hob, Bosch Dishwasher, Candy Washer/ Dryer. 4 Piece Bathroom Suite.En Suite to master. Off Road parking spaces. Garden backing onto Canal. Inspection essential. Not registered under Help t..."
"Immaculately presented throughout, this three bedroom detached home retains some period features & is ideally located for Wollaton Hall & Deer Park, Fernwood Schools & Martins Pond Nature Reserve. Briefly, the accommodation comprises; entrance porch, hallway with period style stained ..."
"**Fully Refurbished Extended Three Bedroom Detached Bungalow**
Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom extended detached bungalow situated in a sought after location. The bungalow has been fully refurbished offering fabulous open plan kitchen/living area to the rear wit..."
"A beautifully presented and well proportioned three bedroom detached house with the benefit of off road parking and a private and enclosed generous rear garden, well placed for local shops, schools and transport links."
"For sale with no upwards chain a well presented three bedroom detached house that is situated in this well established and sought after residential location within easy reach of a variety of local shops and amenities including schools, transport links, Chilwell Retail Park, Attenborough Nature Re..."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,00 - £375,000 Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this beautifully presented three bedroom detached house with stunning period features and family lounge/diner. The accommodation comprises; Through the front door into the light and spacious entrance hallway with s..."
"Plot 74 - Newly built apartment complete and ready to move into. Two double bedrooms each with their own ensuite, Parking, easy access to West Bridgford and City Centre, 10 year warranty. Set within the exciting development of Trent Bridge Quays"
"This is a traditional bay fronted detached house which is situated in this very popular residential area. The property is tastefully finished throughout and includes a fully enclosed porch, spacious reception hall with ground floor w.c. off and doors leading to the lounge and the dining/living k..."
"For sale with no upward chain & also having planning permission to extend to a four bedroom home at the rear ( 22/00948/PFUL3) this detached home is ideally located for Bramcote Lane shops, Fernwood Schools & Wollaton Hall & Deer Park. Curently a two double bedroom ( formerly a three ..."
"***OPEN EVENING - Thursday 23rd March 4pm - 7pm - Call to book an appointment*** It´s a different pace of life at The Yacht Club Riverside. If you´re looking for the peace and tranquillity of waterside living, look no further than The Yacht Club Riverside apartments. A prestigious ri..."
“Contact Pygott & Crone Estate Agents to reserve your spot for our open day on the 23rd March. The open day will include tours of two show apartments including a penthouse and on-site facilities such as the gym and concierge.” Second floor apartment comprising of open ...
"The Winster is a five-bedroom detached family home. The open-plan kitchen/diner is spacious and bright with French doors leading into the garden - perfect for gatherings with friends and family. It comes complete with an integral single garage, downstairs cloakroom and an en suite to bedroom one."
A four bedroom semi detached dormer bungalow that has been completely refurbished to the highest of standards. Offered to the market with the benefit of no upward chain. Ideal for any purchaser looking for an easy move to a sought after residential location.
"GUIDE PRICE: £340,000 - £360,000 NO UPWARD CHAIN... This detached four bedroomed house is the perfect purchase for any growing family with the property offering a wealth of space throughout and being refurbished to a high standard over the years. This property is situated in th..."
"A three bedroom detached house situated in a popular and convenient residential location, with a driveway, garage for multiple vehicles and a private enclosed rear garden. An ideal opportunity for young families and first time buyers, an early internal viewing comes highly recommended in order t..."
"A spacious three bedroom link detached house with a driveway leading to a garage and an enclosed garden to the rear. Situated in a popular and convenient location at the head of a quiet cul-de-sac and conveniently placed for a range of local amenities, this fantastic property is well worthy of a..."
"**DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME, SITUATED ON A LARGE PLOT** **GUIDE PRICE £340,000-£350,000**
Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this extended three double bedroom family home situated on a generous sized corner plot in a quiet cul-de-sac location. The property has been signific..."
"Frank Innes are delighted to bring to the market this substantial, extremely well-presented family home, being sold with no onward chain. The property briefly comprises, An entrance hallway, Lounge, Downstairs WC and open plan Kitchen/Diner/Living room. To the first floor there is a spacious land..."
STUNNING PROPERTY! In the popular area of Toton close to schools and amenities this three bedroom property has been well looked after. The accommodation comprises of a lounge/dining room giving access to the study/office/playroom. There are double doors leading into the mod...
"A traditional three bedroom semi-detached house with a private and enclosed rear garden and detached garage situated in a popular residential location. Offered to the market with no upward chain, an early internal viewing comes highly recommended."
"SHOP/TWO FLATS AND A BUILDING PLOT WITH PLANNING PASSED. A mixed use commercial residential property comprises LARGE ground floor shop unit that has previously been used as a Hairdressers/barbers, potential to divide into two separate units, TWO renovated first floor ONE bedroom self contained a..."
"The Leicester is a four-bedroom practical family home. It features an open-plan kitchen/dining room, a light-filled living room with French doors leading into the garden. The first floor has three good-sized bedrooms and a family bathroom. On the top floor, bedroom one has the bonus of an en suite."
"GUIDE PRICE: £340,000 - £360,000 THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This substantial detached house would be the ideal purchase for any growing family as the property offers a wealth of space both inside and out whilst being exceptionally well-presented and ready to move straight into. ..."
"*GUIDE PRICE £340,000 - £350,000* Frank Innes are delighted to bring to the market this spacious and well presented four bedroom semi-detached house with off street parking and rear garden. The property briefly comprises to the ground floor; a wonderful entrance hall, Livi..."
"Plot 16 - Three bedroom town house with enclosed rear garden and roof terrace. Stunning water side development with low running costs and comfortable, stylish finishes are well located with easy access to the Country Park, City centre and Trent Bridge."
"A modern three bedroom semi-detached house with front and rear gardens and driveway with garage to the side. An ideal opportunity for a range of potential purchasers including families, first time buyers, young professionals or investors looking to add to their rental portfolio. An ear..."
"Bairstow Eves are proud to market this stunning four double bedroom Edwardian detached home packed with space, original features and has been generously extended meaning this property is a must view for families. Comprising on the ground floor of entrance hallway, two large reception rooms, moder..."
"*CASH BUYERS ONLY* This detached bungalow is located in Woodborough bordering Mapperley Plains, it occupies a generous sized plot of approximately 0.31 acres and is situated in a rural location surrounded by the lovely countryside whilst being within easy reach of various local amenitie..."
Behind this attractive 1930s facade lies a versatile and contemporary living space that would doubtless be of great appeal to a variety of potential purchasers.
"PRICE GUIDE £340-350,000 - A three bedroom semi detached house with the potential to extend, subject to the necessary permissions. The spacious and well presented accommodation benefits from gas central heating and double glazing and in brief comprises of a hall, lounge, open plan dining kitchen..."
"A three bedroom semi-detached house situated in a popular and convenient location with a driveway to the side, an enclosed rear garden and no upward chain. An ideal opportunity for a wide range of purchasers looking to put their own stamp on their next home. Being offered to the market with the..."
Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom Semi-detached home in the heart of West Bridgford. The property is sold with no upward chain and would make an ideal first home. Situated within catchment area for popular local schools and only a short stroll from Central Ave...
"This beautifully appointed and characterful terraced home provides spacious accommodation, including good-sized bedrooms with high ceilings. Arranged over three floors including; an enclosed porch, a living room, a dining room, a modern fitted kitchen and a utility room/wc on the ground floor, t..."
"A well-presented detached family home situated within a popular residential location and enjoying open rear aspect views across Breck Hill Park. The property boasts a good-sized lounge with a bay window, an adjacent dining room with French doors, kitchen with a range of units and a welcoming entr..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this extended three bedroom detached family home situated in a sought location. The property offers spacious living accommodation with an open plan lounge/diner, extended kitchen, conservatory and ground floor WC. It sits on a generous sized plot ..."
"Asking Price £340,000. Bairstow Eves are excited to introduce to the market this four bedroom three storey end of terrace house on Gregory Boulevard. This house is full of original characteristics and would be suitable for either families or investors. Within a close proximity of..."
"William H Brown are delighted to have this lovely home for sale on a popular road, so close to 'The Avenue'. Offering three bedrooms and spacious accommodation downstairs, call the West Bridgford office today before this property gets snapped up!"
"Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this four double bedroom detached family home, situated on a popular estate in a quiet cul-de-sac location. The property sits head of close with an integral single garage and landscaped garden to the rear. In brief the accommodation comprises of an..."
 Behind this attractive 1930s facade lies a versatile and contemporary living space that would doubtless be of great appeal to a variety of potential purchasers. An attractive and traditionally styled extended 1930s three bedroom semi-detached house. Offering a beautifully presented stylish...
FOUR BEDROOMED DETACHED BUNGALOW * Entrance hallway* a good-sized living room* fitted breakfast kitchen* utility room*dining room* fitted three-piece bathroom suite* MASTER EN-SUITE. Outside to the front is a DRIVEWAY providing ample off-road parking and DETACHED GARAGE* * private enclosed garden* 
"The Dove is a traditional-looking home designed for contemporary living. The modern open-plan kitchen and dining area benefits from having French doors that open onto the garden, creating a light and airy living space inside with plenty of opportunities for al fresco dining during those warmer..."
"This traditional detached property is positioned on this most sought after road close to the heart of Sawley which has been extended to the rear and into the attic space. The tastefully finished accommodation has an open plan feel to the ground floor and includes an enclosed porch, hall, ground f..."
"Plot 4 - Stylish and sizable new build 2 bed maisonette with easy access to West Bridgford, City Centre & train station. Spacious open plan kitchen / living with two double bedrooms, ensuite shower room, separate bathroom and allocated parking space."
"BEAUTIFUL DETACHED FAMILY HOME... We are pleased to present to the market this stunning three bedroom detached house which benefits from being beautifully presented throughout, offers spacious accommodation and has a range of new and original features including coving to the ceiling, fea..."
Strike is pleased to present this property in West Bridgeford.
"GUIDE PRICE £210,000 - £230,000 LOVE AT FIRST SIGHT This beautifully modern three bedroom home is in a fantastic location with primary & secondary schools, local amenities and transport links within easy reach and is ready and waiting with no upward chain"
"This period semi detached house was built in the 1880s and has been refurbished throughout to provide a well presented family home. The property offers accommodation arranged over two floors which includes a modern kitchen/diner with solid Oak units, an inner hall, a living room and a ..."
"Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this beautifully presented three bedroom mews home situated within a quiet and private gated residency, located in the highly desirable and sought after location of Wilford Village. The property has been modernised throughout and benefits from being..."
*Four bedroom semi detached property* Recently renovated internally* Open plan kitchen/dining area* Utility and downstairs W/C* Ample storage* popular location* Close to excellent transport links* Please call now to arrange a viewing* 
"Guide Price £335,000 - £355,000 Royston and Lund offer this fantastic 3 bedroom Victorian Terrace in the sought after village of Ruddington for sale. Ideally located close to the village centre, the road links A453 and the A52 and being a 5 minute drive away from Nottingham Tre..."
"A charming three bedroom property perfectly situated on a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought after location of West Bridgford. Boasting a sizeable rear garden, three generously proportioned bedrooms and vast scope and potential to add even further value. On entry you are welcomed by an entrance porch..."
"Situated on the fringe of one of Nottingham´s most sought-after locations lies 2 The Tower House, a most charming of property which must be viewed to be fully appreciated.
"
"For sale with no upwards chain a three bedroom detached home which is presented to a high standard throughout and benefits from being ideally located to local amenities, shops, M1 motorway access. The property offers a driveway for multiple cars and a large rear garden and is just a short di..."
"A detached family home situated on a spacious corner plot in the highly sought after village location of Calverton. The property has a good-sized lounge/dining room with a deep sill bay window, breakfast kitchen with a range of units and a conservatory with French doors. To the first floor there ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £330,000 - £350,000 WELL-PRESENTED FAMILY HOME... This three bedroom detached house offers a wealth of space whilst being beautifully presented and decorated throughout, making it a great home for any family buyer. This property is situated in a sought-after location..."
"A beautifully bright and spacious one bedroom retirement apartment WITH STUNNING RIVER VIEWS. The development offers EXCELLENT COMMUNAL FACILITIES including on site restaurant, library, roof top terrace, function room and communal lounge where SOCIAL EVENTS take place."
"This is a great investment opportunity to purchase a 4 bedroom HMO property which is located on Lois Avenue in Lenton, this being a very popular and much sought after location among students. The property is currently let to a group of 4 students occupying the property for the 22/23 academic y..."
"GUIDE PRICE £330,000 - £350,000 HOME IS WHERE THE HEART IS...This traditional bay fronted family home sits in a sought after location within close proximity a range of shops, schools and transport links. This home has been lovingly extended to the rear and would make a perfect family home"
"GUIDE PRICE £330,000 - £340,000 This is a detached three bedroom property which has been extended to the rear to provide enlarged ground floor living accommodation which is situated on a large plot with a good size private rear garden. The accommodation includes a spacious reception hall, throug..."
"Guide Price £330,000 A three bedroom semi-detached home located in central West Bridgford. The property would benefits from renovation throughout and has the possibility to add value. Situated within catchment area for popular local schools and easy reach of Central Avenue. The..."
"A three bedroom detached family home in a prime location, great for families and commuters alike. Good schools for all ages within walking distance, en-suite to master, utility room, two receptions, no upward chain, viewing recommended."
A great opportunity to live in this desirable location close to all local amenities and with the benefit of no upward chain. The property sits on a sizable plot and is ideal for road links into both Nottingham and Derby and the local town of Beeston.
"A three-bedroom bay fronted semi-detached home in popular West Bridgford benefitting from a large South facing rear garden, driveway parking and a garage. The accommodation consists of porch, entrance hall, living room, kitchen diner and conservatory to the ground floor. Upstairs there are three ..."
"An immaculately presented detached family home situated within easy reach of Gedling Country Park and local amenities. The property boasts a good-sized lounge/dining room, a modern breakfast kitchen with a range of units and a conservatory with access to the ground floor WC. To the first floor th..."
“Contact Pygott & Crone Estate Agents to reserve your spot for our open day on the 23rd March. The open day will include tours of two show apartments including a penthouse and on-site facilities such as the gym and concierge.” 5th Floor apartment comprising of open pla...
"HomeMove Estate Agents are pleased to offer a cluster of brand-new homes located on the Mapperley/Sherwood boarder. Two of the new homes will offer four bedrooms, three bathrooms and a separate WC over three floors. The property will have allocated parking.
"
"GUIDE PRICE £330,000 - £340,000 A four bedroom semi detached house offering extended accommodation in this sought after location. Offering well presented accommodation throughout with the benefit of gas central heating and double glazing. In brief comprising of a hall, lounge, dining kitchen, c..."
"CALLING ALL CASH BUYERS! £150,000 - £160,000 SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Located within a desirable area that is within easy access of Nottingham City Centre and close to the Universities this two bedroom second floor apartment requires a viewing today"
"GUIDE PRICE £330 - £335,000 A good size three bedroom detached house offering spacious accommodation, found on the popular Dales Estate. With gas central heating, double glazing and solar panels, the accommodation comprises of a porch, lounge/diner, kitchen, conservatory, ground floor w.c. and p..."
**FULLY REFURBISHED & NO CHAIN** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this beautifully presented FIVE bedroom detached family home situated within a very popular location and having fantastic transport links to Nottingham City centre. This two storey extended family home consists of: Entrance por...
"An opportunity has arisen to purchase this three bedroom extended detached home located on the popular residential area of Nuthall on Horsendale avenue, ideally located for Horsendale Primary School. Offered for sale by freckleton brown the double glazed and gas centrally heated accommodatio (cont.)"
"***OPEN EVENING - Thursday 23rd March 4pm - 7pm - Call to book an appointment*** It´s a different pace of life at The Yacht Club Riverside. If you´re looking for the peace and tranquillity of waterside living, look no further than The Yacht Club Riverside apartments. A prestigious r..."
"GUIDE PRICE £330,000 - £340,000 Well-presented Two double bedroom bungalow situated in a popular location and must view to appreciate the size and finish. The accommodation comprises of large entrance hallway, living room with French doors in to the garden, modern fitted ki..."
"A Traditional Three Bedroom Detached home retaining many original features. Found close to local amenities and transport links, the spacious and well presented accommodation benefits from gas central heating and double glazing and in brief comprises of a porch, hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen..."
"The Cartwright is a superb 2-bedroom house set over two floors. Enter the property and find an open-plan kitchen-dining area, with everything brand new complete with smooth, sleek surfaces - perfect for welcoming guests into the warm, buzzing heart of the house. There's also an ent..."
3 Bed Semi Detached House with Garage located in the popular Fernwood School catchment area and close to Bramcote Lane shops and cafes. 
Royston & Lund are delighted to market this beautiful two bedroom apartment forming part of McArthy & Stone's Wisteria Place development for over 60s on the outskirts of the highly sought after village of Burton Joyce. This is one of a few apartments within the development boasting a dual aspect ...
Situated in the beautiful and popular Mapperley Park conservation area lying around two miles from the Nottingham City Centre
Get your energy bills paid for a year! * Cul de sac corner positioin * Lounge looks out onto Open green * Stylish kitchen / dining * DOUBLE bedrooms * En suite to master bedroom * Garage with private driveway *
"The Cartwright is a superb 2-bedroom house set over two floors with an open-plan kitchen/dining area. Perfect for welcoming guests into the warm, buzzing heart of the house. To the rear of the ground floor is a generously sized living room with patio doors to the garden. Upstairs youâ�..."
"Charles Newton & Co Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this Well Presented Three Bedroom Detached Bungalow in the sought-after area of Watnall. The property comprises of lounge/dining, breakfast kitchen, bathroom, En-suite to master bedroom, front & rear gardens, driveway, attached garage."
"The Marston is a four-bedroom detached home. The kitchen/diner has French doors to the rear garden, there’s a front-aspect living room, a downstairs WC, storage and a garage. Upstairs are four good-sized bedrooms - spacious bedroom one has an en-suite - and there’s a modern fitted family bathroom."
"***GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000*** Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this four bedroom bungalow, sitting on a larger than average plot with potential for further extension (stp). The roof has been converted with a dormer style conversion, providing two full height bedrooms to..."
"THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This three bedroom detached house offers spacious accommodation whilst being well-presented and benefiting from the perfect mix of new and original features including stained glass windows, ceiling roses, underfloor heating and more. This property is situated i..."
"NEW TO MARKET AND READY TO MOVE INTO is three bedroom detached family home with detached garage, driveway and private sunny rear garden. Close to local amenities including schools and excellent public transport and road links nearby. A must view to fully appreciate the accommodation on offer."
A superb opportunity to acquire a spacious three bedroom detached home with ornate gardens offered to market with no upward chain. 
STUNNING EXTENDED FAMILY HOME - This beautiful property has undergone an extensive refurbishment and has a stunning open plan kitchen/diner with bi folding doors. Having been extended there is a generous amount of living space with two reception rooms and three bedrooms to the first floor.
"*** A COTTAGE WITH CONVENIENCE! *** Believed to date back to the late 1700s, this 3 bedroom cottage in the heart of Kimberley offers true character, without compromising on functionality."
"GUIDE PRICE - £325,000 - £350,000 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION... This three bedroom semi-detached house offers spacious accommodation whilst being well-presented throughout, perfect for any first-time or family buyers to move straight into! Situated in a highly-regarded locati..."
"Sold with no chain is this three bedroom family home. The property is well presented throughout and boasts two reception rooms with feature fireplace and bay window to the front, fitted kitchen, cloakroom and a family bathroom servicing the bedrooms. Additional benefits include a garden and driveway"
An exciting opportunity in prime Oxford. 
Stylish Boars Hill living.
"This is a truly unique property, offering a range of exceptional features that combine to create a home that can be enjoyed like few others on the market now. Located in the sought after hamlet of Boars Hill and amongst many other exclusive properties, Red Copse is only 3.5 miles drive from Oxfo..."
We are delighted to offer this stunning property to the market. Red Copse located on Foxcombe Road in Boars Hill. Boars Hill is an extremely sought-after residential area. Just over 3 miles from Oxford City Centre.
An exceptional house finished to a very high standard with superb leisure and entertaining facilities. Red Copse offers superb family living combined with a very high specification throughout having been comprehensively refurbished and extended by the current owners. The house offers a blend of ...
BOARS HILL City Centre c. 5.2 miles Oxford Parkway Station c. 7.3 miles London Oxford Airport c.8.4 miles Landmark modernist architecture with a commanding view over the south of the county. A rare c.2 acre elevated development site with detailed planning consent for a unique legacy ...
"Rarely available a nine bedroom (all with en-suite) guesthouse on this prime setting in Headington with amenities moments away, this lucrative business makes a fantastic investment. Potential (STP) for a restaurant. The premises currently holds an alcohol licence. There is also a studio flat wit..."
A striking Regency townhouse that has been renovated and extended to provide a unique and stylish home in a prime central Oxford location 
A family home situated in a prime side street in Oxford. Ideal for a buyer who wants convenient access into Oxford with Gloucester Green being within 100 meters of the house.
A striking house in glorious gardens in this delightful setting.
A unique Regency townhouse in an elegant street in a prime city centre location.
"A magnificent and unique landmark 19th century residence with extensive accommodation and detached coach house, enjoying a commanding position being conveniently located in this thriving and fashionable central location."
"“The night is full of stars, full of magnificence: Nightingales hold the wood, and fragrance loads the dark.” Bagley Wood by Lionel Pigot Johnson."
"A beautifully presented, semi-detached, five bedroom Victorian property with south-facing garden."
" Trinity House is a beautifully designed property in warm red brick with stone detailing, and is a perfect example of the Sweetcroft difference: the latest construction methods, rigorous quality control at every stage and green technology, sustainability and low running costs at their heart. ..."
Period home of character in sought after side road.
"An exceptional new house with 3110sqft of accommodation over three floors in this popular side road. The house lies on the south side of the road and is built to a very high standard by Gomm Developments, one of Oxford's premier house builders. The house is designed to meet today's living stan..."
Impressive new house in leafy North Oxford side road.
Style and character.
Striking family house and gardens in an appealing setting.
18 Worcester Place is a handsome Victorian semi-detached house with accommodation laid out over four floors in this prestigious location close to the city centre. The property has been recently renovated and pairs period features with modern additions. It comes to the market with no onward chain.
"A bespoke development of just five properties, backing directly on to woodland owned and managed by the properties themselves, the properties have been meticulously designed to make this most of this stunning setting including an almost entirely glass rear elevation."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY Modern purpose built detached freehold building comprising five one, two and three bedroom apartments all currently let on assured shorthold tenancies and producing an income of £64,740 per annum. The accommodation is arranged over four three floors, and be..."
"Spacious and well-appointed family home with six double-bedrooms and four bathrooms, situated at the summit of Cumnor Hill, with South-West facing garden overlooking open farm land."
"Comes with 2 double bedrooms, an ensuite to Bed 1. There's a private balcony just off the open plan living room, top spec Symphony kitchen with fully integrated appliances."
Substantial period house in attractive setting.
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - Landmark building For Sale comprising seven one bedroom apartments.
Outstanding family home in city Conservation Area. Detached stone character cottage juxtaposed with a striking contemporary extension which has created an exceptional residence towards the end of a no-through lane. Discretely situated behind mature hedging and willow fencing...
"A detached house with mature gardens and grounds of 1.52 acres in this convenient location. The house is in Badger Lane, off Hinksey Hill and occupies a lovely private setting towards the end of the lane. The accommodation is over two floors, and the property has several architectural details ..."
"This detached family home is off Badger Lane on Hinksey Hill, and occupies an incredible private setting towards the end of the lane. The property is split over 2 floors, with a number of architectural details of the period, and would benefit from some updating or even development/extension, subj..."
Substantial family home with self contained annexe and swimming pool set in beautiful secluded mature gardens of c. 0.5 acres tucked away in a wonderfully convenient no-through road. Substantial detached family home of just over 4000sqft accessed via double gates with beautiful secluded mature ...
Nestled in a woodland setting at the foot of Shotover Country Park a substantial 6 bedroom house of 4500 sqft being one of just four houses built in 2003 accessed off a private road via electric gates. The accommodation approaches 4500 sqft being arranged across 4 floors and providing excelle...
"A substantial house in 1.1 acres, formerly home of the Poet Laureate John Masefield. This is a substantial house with mature gardens in this very popular location. It is arranged over three floors together with a cellar with a well and has a self-contained annexe at the rear. There is consider..."
"Positioned at the end of this delightful setting in Cumnor, idyllic Oxfordshire walks await, this substantial 4 - 5 bedroom detached home with a two-room annexe offers a versatile living arrangement. Accessed by a spacious entrance hall leading to the formal dining room and main living room which..."
"An elegant, four bedroom, period house, located in this very popular residential road in Walton Manor. Oxford City Council. Tax Band G"
Located in idyllic semi-rural Oxford. Ample living space as well as extensive land and gardens. 
Modern style and period character.
A beautiful four bedroom semi-detached Victorian property located in a sought after Summertown side road.
Comfortable family house tucked away in leafy cul de sac.
"Elegant, stylish and superbly presented townhouse finished to an exceptionally high specification with off street parking for two cars in this ideal Summertown location. Elegant, stylish and superbly presented energy efficient townhouse finished to an exceptionally high specification with off st..."
Impressive modern house in leafy side road.
"A unique Cumnor Hill home, designed by an architect for his own use in 1980 and belonging to the current owners for 36 years. The property sits in approximately 0.8 acres of gardens which include a large number of mature trees surrounding the property and giving a good degree of seclusion and pri..."
A modern family house at the end of this no through road in north Oxford. A modern family house of almost 2500sqft at the end of this no through road in north Oxford. The house has accommodation over three floors and there is off street parking for two cars. The front door opens into the hall...
An attractive house with accommodation over three floors in this private location close to a wide range of excellent schools and all the amenities of Summertown.
A well presented four bedroom property with off-street parking in the heart of Summertown. 
"Attention Investors - Investment Opportunity Modern purpose built detached freehold building comprising six no. one bedroom apartments all currently let on Assured Shorthold Tenancies and producing an income of £5,395 PCM or £64,740 per annum. Each apartment has..."
"Chancellors are proud to present this four bedroom detached home in the sought after Mosaics Development. Features an open plan, kitchen, living/dining area with a walk through utility. Front reception room with double doors. Four double bedrooms with two en-suites and family bathroom."
"Currently operating as a guesthouse/hotel, 312 Banbury Road offers a great opportunity to purchase an extended Victorian townhouse in Summertown."
"Substantial detached family home with flexible 2,600 sq ft accommodation and two large detached outbuildings. The property was largely extended in 2007 creating a spacious and comfortable home, ideally suited for large extended families. The accommodation is at present arranged with si..."
"Set back from the road, this Squitchey Lane property is a spacious and well-presented four bedroom semi-detached home."
"AN INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. The property is sub divided into 6 bedsits/ one bedroom flats let on assured shorthold tenancies producing an annual income of £59,640.00."
Nicely positioned modern townhouse in favoured setting.
Stylish North Oxford living.
"Spacious and light detached family home with well-proportioned rooms, off-street parking and four double bedrooms. Spacious and light detached family home with well-proportioned rooms, off-street parking and four double bedrooms. Situated on the south side of a prime road in the highly sought ..."
"A well presented five bed detached house, benefiting from four bathrooms, parking, outdoor grounds and a private annex. Available with no onward chain."
"Located on a highly desirable side road, an attractive, three bedroom, detached house built in the 1920’s with off-street parking, garage and a westerly facing rear garden, just a short distance from the Summertown shops. Chain free. Oxford City Council. Tax Band F"
A chance to buy a property in Merton Court set over three storey's. The property has been extended to provided a kitchen with living space. The property has been organised throughout well and benefits from a quiet location
"This is a unique opportunity to acquire a five-bedroom property on Carlton Road, situated in a highly desirable yet practical location, that offers extremely flexible living."
A beautiful and historical Grade II listed house dating back to the 16th century set in c.0.5 acre garden on the edge of the city. A beautiful and historical Grade II listed house dating back to the 16th century set in c.0.5 acre garden on the edge of the city. With a wealth of character throu...
Situated within the Old Headington Conservation Area a wonderful period residence set in beautifully maintained gardens.
A detached house with scope for extension in this favoured location in Iffley village. The house occupies a large plot of approximately 0.24 acre and is well set back from the road with off street parking and a pretty garden to the front. The front of the house faces south and has accommodation...
Exceptional double fronted stone cottage set in beautifully maintained quarter acre gardens. Situated within the Old Headington Conservation Area this wonderful period residence with contemporary additions offers well proportioned accommodation with superb character interiors. <...
"Impressive detached house with a separate annexe and plans drawn up for substantial extension in an elevated position on the edge of the city close to the river. Characterful four bedroom accommodation arranged over two floors including two large reception rooms, a well fitted kitchen/..."
A stunning period home which has been beautifully renovated and is located in a highly desirable neighbourhood. A stunning period home which has been beautifully renovated and is located in a highly desirable neighbourhood. Exceptional Grade II listed home which has been stylishly renovated and...
"A versatile, five bedroom semi-detached Victorian property offering excellent space for the price and the potential for improvement whilst being situated in a superb location just a short walk from the rail and coach stations and the centre of Oxford."
"Detached family house offering flexible accommodation, tucked away in an attractive side road off Cumnor Hill. Set in a plot of approximately 0.5 acres. Set in a attractive side road this property offers, entrance hall which leads to sitting room, dining room and kitchen, the remainder of the ..."
An interesting opportunity in this popular area.
Longmoor House is an attractive brand new five bedroom home in the sought-after village of Cumnor. The ground floor offers a dual aspect open plan kit...
A well presented and beautifully extended four bedroom home located on a quiet residential road in North Oxford. 
"82 Linkside Avenue is a stylish four-bedroom, detached property set over two floors, located on one of North Oxford's most popular roads. The current owners have updated the property and this home comes to the market in excellent condition throughout."
"A superbly located and beautifully renovated three double bedroom house with walled garden and garage, within the Walton Manor Conservation area."
"Greenland's is a beautiful 3100 ft.² four/five bedroom home, with incredible views of the rolling Oxfordshire countryside"
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY An attractive semi detached property imaginatively converted into three independent apartments available with tenants in situ generating an annual income of £37,560. The impressive ground floor apartment extends to over 1,200 sq ft and benefits from a flexi..."
A well presented two bedroom flat excellently located inside the ring road. Ideal for first time buyers or an investor.
56 Middle Way is a well-presented four-bedroom terraced home situated a minute’s walk away from the Summertown shopping parade. The property has been carefully maintained since construction in 2002 and comes to the market with no onward chain.
"A modern townhouse in this convenient location close to Summertown. The house has accommodation over three floors and is in good order throughout, with a newly fitted conservatory by David Salisbury. The ground floor has the study to the front with the open plan kitchen to the rear, which open..."
A chance to purchase in the Waterways in Summertown. The property is a 4/5 bedroom family home with scope to be updated in places. The house is located in a convenient location for access into Oxford and for walks along the river.
"A handsome three bedroom 1930's detached family home situated in a sought after road, boasting a generous garden and ample off road parking"
A five bedroom home set on a plot situated off the Cumnor Hill. The property has scope for enlargement (STP). Viewings available now.
"An endearing and spacious home overlooking the Hurst. Bradfields has been in the same family for over 40 years and offers flexible accommodation with options for home working or multiple generational use. Set in a private road the property offers, entrance porch opening onto a spacious hallway..."
"Stunning panoramic views out to the rear, displaying an abundance of natural light for this unique property. Located in idyllic, sought after Boars Hill. A stone’s throw from central Oxford, with the picturesque Cotswolds right on your doorstep Vale of White Horse District Counci..."
A remarkable town house that has been transformed into an exceptional best in class home. A remarkable and substantial town house with over 2000sqft of space that has been transformed into an exceptional best in class home. The present owners have transformed this town house into an elite home...
"A beautifully renovated four bedroom, end of terrace townhouse in a well-regarded development with an off-street parking space. Oxford City Council. Tax Band G"
"Delightful and deceptively spacious townhouse in Summertown with south-facing garden and off road parking to the front. Located in Summertown with off street parking, a delightful and deceptively spacious townhouse with south-facing garden in an enviable location a short walk from the Summertown..."
A fantastic four bedroom semi detached property in the Cherwell School catchment area which benefits from off-street parking.
"Stunning and unique four storey home built in 2019, located on one of the most sought-after side roads in Summertown. The owners and their architects have aimed to create a brand-new home with all the benefits of modern living and the exterior aesthetics of a period home, and the res..."
"Attractive double fronted Victorian family home with deceptively spacious five bedroom accommodation extending to 1,850 sq ft located on a sought after side road less than a mile from the city centre. The impressive and elegant living accommodation on the ground floor includes two inte..."
"Extended semi detached house in prime city location. 1930's family residence with substantial two storey addition now comprises sitting room, dining room, study/office and kitchen on the ground floor. There are four bedrooms, a family bathroom and a separate cloakroom on the top floor...."
"A contemporary five bedroom family home situated on Ramsay Road, Headington with public transport services available into Oxford City Centre and London."
"A contemporary family home located on one of the most popular roads in Headington. The present owners have renovated throughout and extensively developed the property over the past 10 years, this has included: the updating of all electrical and heating systems (Worcester Bosch), kitchen, bathr..."
Unique four / five bedroom house positioned in a quiet close in the heart of the Old Headington Conservation area. The property is in need of some updating throughout but provides spacious and flexible accommodation arranged over four levels with views of St Andrews Church. The lower g...
"Investment opportunity to acquire the freehold of 4 x two bedroom flats with a total combined rent of £56,400 per annum. Sold with no onward chain."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY Sold with tenants in situ until the end of June 2025. A well-positioned, end of terrace town house in the catchment area for Phil and Jim’s Primary School. Oxford City Council. Tax Band G"
" A four bedroom detached family home with a larger than average plot and housing a substantial workshop/studio. Believed to be a former coach house 7 Quarry Road is deceptively spacious providing accommodation of living room, family room, kitchen/breakfast room and conservatory on the ground ..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this penthouse apartment which dominates the top floor of the development featuring two private terraces with stunning panoramic views of Oxford's dreaming spires.
"Versatile and well-appointed family home arranged over three floors with c. 1654sqft of accommodation and integral garage. Versatile and well-appointed family home arranged over three floors with c. 1654sqft of accommodation. On the ground floor is an entrance hall with W/C, integral garage, ope..."
A modern townhouse.
"A substantial four bedroom Edwardian mid terrace house situated in sought after Iffley Fields, with period features throughout Arranged over three floors with an established garden to the rear."
A fantastic investment opportunity. This substantial 6 bed HMO property is currently let until July 2024. The living accommodation is split over 4 floors with the living and kitchen area in the lower ground floor area. The main bathroom is also on this level with a shower over the bath. The 6 goo...
A charming Victorian detached residence occupying a corner position in the heart of this fashionable and vibrant central neighbourhood.
"Contemporary townhouse in Oxford's most exciting new neighbourhood. Set within the Mosaics Development on Barton Park, this stylish townhouse is beautifully presented and finished to a high specification throughout. The versatile accommodation is over three floors and features a superb..."
"36 Great Clarendon Street is an attractive family home, neatly situated at the heart of one of Oxford's most desirable areas."
An enchanting Grade II Listed cottage that has enjoyed the views towards Hurst Hill for centuries. Vale of White Horse District Council. Tax Band F
A stunning four bedroom detached home situated in central Headington.
An exciting opportunity to build a substantial new home of just over c.3200sqft in this delightful setting with large gardens set back from the road and approached via a private drive. An exciting opportunity to build a substantial new home of just over c.3200sqft in this delightful setting w...
"INVESTMENT PURCHASE: A period townhouse located within a few minutes walk of Magdalen Bridge and the running track with a lawned garden to the side. HMO licence for six occupants and an annual rent of c. £51,336 pa."
Four double bedroom detached family residence located on the desirable location of Eden Drive. The lakes is a premium setting that allows good access to Central Headington. This is a rare opportunity to acquire this substantial home and make it your own with a spacious level of accommodation arr...
***OPEN HOUSE*** A chance to purchase a two bedroom home in Summertown. The property overs good accommodation and includes parking and a garage. Further to this you have scope without extending to gain a third bedroom using the mezzanine study.
*READY TO MOVE INTO* Wolvercote Townhouse - Elegant home with WATERSIDE VIEWS from bedroom 1 BALCONY & a garden room with BI-FOLD DOORS. GARAGE with ELECTRIC CAR CHARGING. Take a virtual tour today
"An extended family home, located within the highly popular village of Garsington."
A charming two bedroom property which benefits from a converted loft room and is situated on the highly sought after Hayfield Road.
"Sold with no onward chain is this contemporary home. Benefiting from five bedrooms, two en-suites, open plan kitchen/diner, utility room and two reception rooms. The property has a double garage, driveway parking and private rear garden."
Attractive bay fronted semi detached home and attached garage on a double width plot with huge potential for redevelopment. This elegant Victorian property is currently laid out as a five bedroom HMO with accommodation arranged over two floors including a family bathroom and a separate...
"A stylish modern townhouse offering splendid river views, 3-4 bedrooms, 1-2 studies, garden and double garage."
"Sold with no onward chain, this spacious detached bungalow offers three double bedrooms, en suite, two reception rooms, double garage and parking."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A modern FIVE BED unfurnished TOWN HOUSE with accommodation spread over three floors including spacious sitting room overlooking the rear garden, modern kitchen with fitted appliances, THREE BATH/SHOWER ROOMS, enclosed rear GARDEN with side access and PARKING for 2 cars."
"Detached family house with great potential in a wonderful position in Headington. Bay fronted property in a sought after side road, with excellent access to central Headington, the John Radcliffe Hospital, Oxford Brookes University, the city centre and access to the London/airport bus..."
"*** £57,000 annual rental return *** Taylors are proud to offer this amazing investment opportunity to those who are looking for a good return on their investment. the property is situated in the popular Barton area of Headington in Oxford which offers easy access to the main Hea..."
"**SOUTH FACING GARDEN** LUXURY EN-SUITE TO EVERY BEDROOM** IMPRESSIVE OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM WITH BREAKFAST BAR** BALCONY TO BEDROOM 1** The Magdalen is a modern three bedroom home of impressive proportions spanning over 1,400 sq.ft. Move in summer 2023. "
An attractive Victorian family home with gothic arch windows situated in New Hinksey overlooking tree-lined college grounds.
"Unique opportunity backing onto Port Meadow with spectacular southerly views, off street parking and planning permission to extend. Unique opportunity backing onto Port Meadow with spectacular southerly views, off street parking and planning permission to extend. This home has arguably one of t..."
"An exciting investment opportunity in the lively area of East Oxford. A six bedroom end of terrace property with tenants in situ to August 2023 that is achieving a rental income of £4,300 pcm or £51,600 per annum."
A substantial semi-detached house set in a prominent 0.15 acre (approx.) corner plot offering scope for development.
"A first floor flat set on this highly regarded retirement development positioned between Summertown's bustling shopping centre and the heart of Oxford city, offered with no onward chain."
"A wonderfully spacious, detached home in the extremely popular village of Garsington, with 2800 sq ft of flexible accommodation, garage, driveway parking and a generous plot of 0.25 acres. Excellent local access to Oxford and to London via J7 of the M40. "
"**LUXURY EN-SUITE TO EVERY BEDROOM** IMPRESSIVE OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM WITH BREAKFAST BAR** BALCONY TO BEDROOM 1** PRIVATE DRIVE**The Magdalen is a modern three bedroom home of impressive proportions spanning over 1,400 sq.ft. Move in spring 2023. "
"**LUXURY EN-SUITE TO EVERY BEDROOM** IMPRESSIVE OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM WITH BREAKFAST BAR** BALCONY TO BEDROOM 1** The Magdalen is a modern three bedroom home of impressive proportions spanning over 1,400 sq.ft. Move in spring 2023. "
" This spacious and comfortable five-bedroom detached house has been thoughtfully modified and extended by the current owners to create a substantial family home, which is now available with No Onward Chain. Approached along a gravelled driveway that provides parking for several vehicles this ..."
"Beautifully presented luxury three bedroom apartment with Juliette balcony, en-suite and excellent access to Summertown and Oxford city centre. A striking ground floor apartment in this iconic building and developed by Berkeley Homes some ten years ago, this large apartment enjoys a quiet loc..."
"Providing accommodation of just under 2,000 sq. ft, this beautifully presented home has the benefit of 4 bedrooms and an office - perfect for the 'new..."
"Built in the early 1900's, Hunters Lodge provides a private, eco-friendly and versatile home for all prospective buyers. Set on Fox Lane just a stone's-throw away from The Fox Inn, Hunters Lodge offers an all-natural garden equipped with a well-established pond, a variety of trees and var..."
"Substantial family home in convenient location. Situated on the border of Headington & Marston, with excellent access to the John Radcliffe Hospital and well-regarded local schools, this semi-detached house has been significantly extended to create a well-balanced family home. "
"A magnificent semi-detached residence with over 1750 sq. ft. of living space spread across three impressive floors, this property is nothing short of extraordinary. Currently set up as two apartments, the possibilities are endless with the potential to convert this home into a five-bedroom sub..."
"An impressive 5 bedroom detached family house with self-contained apartment situated in this small village, forming part of the Sunningwell parish. The property is located down a quiet lane with outstanding views towards Boars Hill and surrounding countryside."
An opportunity to acquire a charming period home set in a premier Iffley Fields side road with the advantage of a garage and vehicular access from the rear.
"Located in central Headington is this newly renovated three double bedroom home. The property is finished to a high standard throughout and boasts two reception rooms, two shower rooms plus a fantastic open plan kitchen/diner with bi-fold doors to the 83ft rear garden."
Situated in the heart of Jericho is this versatile family home. The property has six bedrooms and a HMO in place for 4 and currently is rented for this academic year for £3000pcm and can be purchased tenant in situ or vacant possession at the end of tenancy.
"Sold with no onward chain, a rare opportunity to acquire a detached family home on a sought after road in Central Headington. The property offers four bedrooms, two bath/shower rooms, driveway parking, integral garage and private rear garden."
"A family home within Cherwell School catchment, with private, westerly-aspect garden, balcony terrace, two reception rooms and adjacent kitchen and dining room, and garage."
"This well presented family home is situated on the Iffley Road. Having four bedrooms, this property offers a family bathroom on the second floor and two reception rooms. Also benefitting from off street parking for two cars and a garage with electricity."
"Stylish 1960's architect designed family home in an elevated position on the edge of Oxford in a sought after riverside village. The spacious three bedroom accommodation is arranged over two floors and extends to almost 1,400 sq ft. The majority of the ground floor benefits from origin..."
A delightful two bedroom period property with private garden positioned in a central Summertown location. 
"CHAIN FREE - A charming period home situated on the south side of this popular road just North of Summertown. The property offers an entrance hall, a dual aspect through sitting/dining room with a box bay to the front and cast iron fireplace, the sitting area has a window to the rear..."
56 Observatory Street is a well positioned two/three bedroom property in the heart of Jericho’s academic quarter. The Victorian property benefits from a rear extension and partial loft conversion providing flexible living across three floors.
This three bedroomed semi-detached house sits on an extremely generous south-facing plot extending to around an acre. Great for a builder or contractor with a yard and Nissen Hut outbuilding with a field at the bottom of the garden perfect for a pony! Call for more details.
A large four bed property situated in a sought after area close to Oxford. The accommodation is spread over two floors with three reception rooms and two bathrooms. 
"STUNNING VIEWS OVER PORT MEADOW - A rare opportunity to purchase a four bedroom family home in Wolvercote. A large roof terrace makes the ideal location to enjoy alfresco dining with the most amazing view. The accommodation on the ground floor comprises of an entrance hall, cloakro..."
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. A Largely Extended Semi-Detached Property with HMO for 8 Occupants.
"A beautifully presented, substantially extended semi detached family home that has undergone an exquisite top to bottom refurbishment programme. The exquisitely presented accommodation extends to over 2,000 sq ft and is arranged over two floors including a light and airy sitting room ..."
Beautiful period home with an exceptional open plan kitchen/diner and a garden studio set in a wonderful and highly desirable central location close to beautiful river walks. Beautiful period home with an exceptional open plan kitchen/diner and a garden studio set in a wonderful and highly desir...
"An excellent opportunity to acquire this substantial detached home with the considerable benefit of an exceptionally long, mature rear garden (40m x 14m / 131' x 45'). The property is set back from Eynsham Road behind a large hedge, providing privacy and plenty of off-road parking, as well as sid..."
"Family home in the location of Botley, Oxford. Benefiting from a south facing garden and in the Matthew Arnold Catchment Area."
A beautifully appointed detached former chapel (circa 1850) with off-street parking and landscaped gardens. 
"**OVER £19,000 WORTH OF UPGRADES AND EXTRAS INCLUDED THIS HOME** SUNNY WEST FACING GARDEN** WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE JR HOSPITAL** QUIET LOCATION** PRIVATE DRIVEWAY PARKING FOR 2 CARS ** HEADINGTON SCHOOLS EASILY ACCESSIBLE** "
"A four bedroom semi-detached family residence with driveway parking, garage and south-facing garden, situated in the popular area of Iffley in East Oxford, providing easy access to Oxford city centre via regular bus services and footpaths along the river Thames. "
A spacious detached four bedroom family home located in the popular Temple Cowley area of Oxford. The property has accommodation over three floors and the benefit of having a south facing garden and off street parking.
"We are proud to present this four bedroom detached property in Cowley, Oxford! This property boasts two reception rooms, a conservatory and study room as well as off road parking and a private garden! Call us now to book your viewing today!"
A four double bedroom family home in the village of Kennington.
An immaculate period residence which has been thoughtfully extended to provide a stunning open plan kitchen/dining/living area opening to a south west facing garden.
A well presented mid-terrace two bedroom property with off-street parking for two vehicles. 
A beautifully presented bay fronted semi-detached family home positioned in a convenient central location within the heart of central Headington.
"This very well presented four bedroom end of terrace property is situated in the highly desirable conservation area of Walton Manor and is within walking distance of Port Meadow, the Oxford Canal, the trap grounds and the day to day shopping facilities of Walton Street."
"Three bedroom, two reception room period home."
"16 Cranham Street is a three-bedroom end of terrace property, with accommodation spread over three floors."
An attractive four bedroom three storey townhouse built by Kingerlee Homes in 2000.
"A well extended semi detached house backing onto an orchard. It consists of: Ground floor - 3 receptions, cloakroom, kitchen and summer room. First floor - two double, one single bedrooms and family bathroom Second floor - One double bedroom with ensuite, living room with kitchenette and priva..."
This three bedroom family home located in the village of Kennington has been improved by the current owners. The garden is a highlight of this home as well as the open plan kitchen/living/dining space that has been created.
"Situated on a sought after Headington side road is this three bedroom detached home. The property is well presented and boasts an en suite bedroom and an integral garage which could be converted subject to planning, a private garden and driveway parking for two cars."
" A GLORIOUS TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM apartment in this prime position in Summertown, benefiting from private garden and patio to the rear accessed directly from the property, as well as offering TWO PARKING SPACES to the front on driveway, plus the ability to take two parking permits for local on stre..."
A 4 bedroom family home with the benefit of driveway parking for 2 cars and a rear access gate onto the tow path.
"A spacious four-bedroom detached family home in Sandhills, a modern property built in 2005 and has been well maintained. The current owner has purchased extra land for a more spacious paved garden/extended parking area. Updated family bathroom and ensuite. To the front of the proper..."
"A modern end-terraced house in a no-through road with easy access to the Oxford Business & Science Parks, the ring road & MINI plant. The property offers 2 double bedrooms, bathroom & cloakroom, modern kitchen with integrated appliances, living/dining room with wood laminate flooring, pretty gard..."
"This five bedroom mid-terraced property is incredibly situatied on the Botley road sitting a 1 mile walk into Oxford City Centre, 0.6 miles from the Oxford Train Station. Internally this property consists of an enterance hall, sitting room, bedroom (1), kitchen and utlity room. Leadin..."
A well presented three bedroom family home in the sought after location of Wolvercote. The property is offered for sale with no onward chain.
**SUNNY SOUTH FACING GARDEN**WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE JR HOSPITAL** OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINER** SHOW HOME OPEN DAILY ** Luxury en-suite and fitted wardrobes to bedroom 1. Room for a home office in bedroom 4. Excellent Headington schools right on your doorstep. 
"**SOUTH FACING GARDEN**STYLISH KITCHEN DINER**STUDY**3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS**LUXURY EN-SUITES TO BEDROOM 1 & 2**SEPERATE LOUNGE** This spacious home features over 1,300 sq.ft. of living space as well as offering driveway parking for 2 cars and views over the community open space. "
"A stylishly presented Berkeley Homes built three storey town house extending to c.1477 sq ft and situated in a well positioned area of this development. The property benefits from light and airy accommodation and features include double glazing, gas central heating, private garden, and allocated ..."
"A well presented end of terrace property located on a quiet Summertown side road, offered to the market with no onward chain."
"A four bedroom link detached family home situated in a cul-de-sac; benefiting from double glazing, off-street parking, garage and garden in the Cherwell and Swan School Catchment. The property is also situated within a mile of the John Radcliffe Hospital"
"Large attractive gardens feature with this extended 1930's built detached bungalow complemented by double garage, situated within a delightful after non-estate position towards the end of this highly sought after village, offering excellent potential to further extend the accommodation."
"Detached four bedroom property tucked away in sought after location. Offered for sale with no onward chain, this spacious detached home is situated within walking distance of central Headington and has excellent access to the hospitals. The well-proportioned and extended acc..."
"A substantially enlarged five bedroom three bath/shower room family home with accommodation over three floors, benefitting from a garden studio offering additional accommodation ideal for a gym or home office. Call sole agents Connells on to arrange your viewing"
"Charming three bedroom family home, full of character features and close to the city centre, shops and schools."
"A Victorian end of terrace house for refurbishment in this popular location. The house has accommodation over three floors and is in need of renovation and possible extension.
The ground floor comprises a covered side lobby with front door, side door and garden access. The lobby extends to the i..."
A Victorian versatile two bedroom maisonette situated in the heart of Summertown. The property is 1.2 miles from Oxford City Centre and 0.2 miles away from Summertown's amenities.
"Charming, detached home in prime city conservation area. Located in this highly sought after 'village within the city', a detached home, believed to date from the 1880's, retaining a wealth of original features and occupying a wonderful position overlooking St Andrews Church. The prope..."
"30 Grove Street is a lovely, three-bedroom character cottage ideally located in central Summertown. The property comes to the market with no onward chain."
"A spacious modern detached family residence with gardens, garaging and parking in a rural village on the outskirts of Oxford city."
"An opportunity to acquire this five bedroom, three storey townhouse in South East Oxford built by Berkley Homes approx. 15 years ago. The property is currently rented out as an HMO to 5 professionals and is located in an excellent location close to both universities and hospitals. "
Spacious first floor city apartment overlooking the Oxford canal. Stylish and well-proportioned accommodation of 859sq ft/78.8sqm with secure video entry system comprising dual aspect open plan living space with balcony views. Principal bedroom with fitted wardrobes and an en-suite sho...
"If you have been looking for a four bedroom family home, then look no further! This fantastic property has a superb kitchen/diner extension, downstairs shower room and two reception rooms! Call us to book your viewing today!"
A most attractive end of terrace stone built cottage located on the edge of Oxford in the sought-after village of Sandford-on-Thames. Beautifully renovated and sympathetically extended three double bedroom accommodation arranged over three floors including a wonderfully light and spaci...
"Benefiting from views over the spires of Oxford, this property offers living over three floors, an en-suite bedroom with Juliet balcony, front and rear gardens plus driveway parking."
"A beautifully presented, extended three bedroom detached family home. Set on a popular side road in Marston."
A five bedroom home located 0.6 miles from Oxford train station. In need of some updating this home would make a family space or an investment opportunity. Benefiting from a south facing rear garden
"Stunning direct views over Bagley Wood feature with impressive four bedroom detached family home, well situated in a highly sought after no through location, offering many features including an impressive 23' double aspect kitchen/dining room and 23' double aspect living room, both with d..."
This well presented apartment is situated on the first floor in a no through road location. The apartment has recently been renovated throughout and is being sold with no onward chain. It offers an en-suite to the first bedroom with an additional second bathroom in the apartment and a balcony.
"Situated in Headington Quarry, this four bedroom property benefiting from ample outdoor accommodation with front and rear gardens. Boasting original features throughout with an outdoor log cabin."
Modern town house in popular development in East Oxford
Exceptional and impressive ‘B’ rated energy efficient home with parking set on the front of the desirable Wolvercote Mill development looking out onto existing character dwellings. Exceptional and impressive 'B' rated energy efficient home with parking set on the front of the desirable Wolvercot...
"Property located in Botley Road, Oxford"
"A six bedroom extended link-detached house situated close to Headington, with HMO License for 6 people."
"Attractive semi-detached house situated in a prime position Currently arranged as a rental property, the accommodation comprises open plan sitting / dining room, kitchen, bedroom and shower room on the ground floor, four further bedrooms and a cloakroom on the first floor. The property..."
"An attractive and characterful, well-proportioned Victorian house in a fashionable residential area."
"****ATTENTION ALL FAMILY HOME SEEKERS/INVESTORS/LANDLORDS****
****BOOK YOUR VIEWING TODAY !!! NOT TO BE MISSED !!!**** A spacious period corner unique property presented in good order throughout situated in the heart of vibrant East Oxford. This property is on a corner plot and many rooms have ..."
"Situated less than 1 mile from the John Radcliffe in Headington, a significantly extended family home with driveway parking, garden and no onward chain. The property benefits from an en suite to the main bedroom along with two further bath/shower rooms."
A detached three bedroom property that has been extended to provide spacious well proportioned accommodation in a highly regarded area. Located in a quiet cul-de-sac off Cumnor Hill the property is deceptively spacious having had a significant extension to the rear. Now featuring a large well ...
"Alistair Redhouse are delighted to offer this highly desirable refurbishment of a semi-detached period property, now extended and remodelled as an elegant four bedroom family home. Arranged over three storeys the accommodation comprises, on the ground floor, a through lounge with bay window, conn..."
"Spacious five bedroom investment property with a HMO license for five persons. Light and bright terraced property conveniently situated in a quiet road close to the John Radcliffe hospital with easy access to the many amenities of Headington, Summertown, Oxford city and the ring road f..."
"Beautifully refurbished four storey Victorian terrace, benefiting from loft conversion, off street parking and no onward chain. The basement comprises a modern kitchen with island and contemporary fitted appliances, an open planned space currently beings used as a sitting room, however would make..."
"Extended 1930's semi detached family home with flexible four/five bedroom accommodation including a separate ground floor studio. Open plan kitchen and large reception room, three bath/shower rooms and optional home office/bedroom five. 100ft south facing garden. "
"A chance to purchase an HMO property for 5 people. The house currently achieves a rental income of £3750 per month / £45,000 per year which represents a yield in excess of 7%. The property benefits from having undergone a number of upgrades and is suitable to buy as an ongoing concern."
" A superb refurbished three bedroom semi-detached house in excellent condition. Located in this sought after position backing onto Marston Brook and the meadows beyond which lead to the university parks. The accommodation comprises, sitting room, dining room with double doors leading to the g..."
"Oxford Views - An exclusive development of just four individually designed homes, located in the sought-after village of Garsington * THE BLENHIEM * A spacious family home perfect for entertaining with open plan living areas. AVAILABLE TO VIEW NOW!"
"Semi-detached house situated close to Brookes University, offered for sale with no onward chain. Four bedroom property comprises sitting room linked to a study room, kitchen / breakfast room, ground floor double bedroom and a cloakroom, on the first floor are three further bedrooms an..."
"A well presented, two double bedroom apartment in North Oxford with a large balcony and lift access. Close to cycle lanes and public transport."
"Extended terraced home situated close to Brookes University, offered for sale with no onward chain. The property requires updating and modernisation throughout, accommodation comprises four / five bedrooms arranged over three floors with an en-suite to the loft room, kitchen/dining ro..."
"Situated between Cherwell/Swan schools, university parks and the John Radcliffe in Marston, this well presented three bedroom detached 1930's home retains character features with scope to extend. The property offers permit parking and will be sold with no onward chain."
SUPERB opportunity to purchase a 3 bedroom detached house in PEACEFUL location of Binsey Lane. This property combines an easy walk to centre of Oxford and train station with the calm and tranquillity of the riverside hamlet of Binsey village. An opportunity not to be missed.
"Semi-detached family house with great potential in a wonderful position in Headington. Originally the site of a thriving family run greengrocers store and an integral part of the local community. Situated in a sought after side road, with excellent access to central Headington, the Jo..."
"The property has been rented out as separate apartments for a number of years. However, not had any separate deeds for the apartments. The dwelling has parking for four cars on the driveway and a private rear garden. Rare chance to developed (STPP). Please call now for viewing."
UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON THE MARKET Situated in the heart of East Oxford a spacious semi-detached period home with three double bedrooms and a superb ground floor extension providing a 34ft. kitchen/dining/living room.
"A well presented semi detached property extended to side and rear currently rented as a six bedroom HMO. Can be bought as an investment or as a family home. The property has driveway parking, private rear garden and outbuilding."
" Substantial much improved and extended three bedroom home with off street parking and rear outbuilding on this prime setting. This fantastic property has been presented to a good standard internally and offers a generous accommodation including two receptions rooms, downstairs shower room and p..."
"Extended five bedroom detached home located in this highly sought-after location with good access to local schools and Oxford city centre. Benefiting from two en-suites, a corner plot, outside office/gym and off-road parking."
"A chance to purchase a house in Jericho in need of renovation. The property is being launched with an open house . The property benefits from kitchen, living room, five bedrooms and two bathrooms. The house would benefit from some modernization."
A 4 bedroom semi-detached period residence set on a generous plot with driveway parking for multiple vehicles and an established rear garden measuring circa 150’ x 28’.
"Sold with no onward chain is this well presented three bedroom home with a garage. The property is located on a sought after side road in Marston, just off the back of Milham Ford Nature Park and is just a 1.1 mile walk to the JR Hospital."
A well presented semi-detached bay fronted period home retaining many original features including the sash windows and fireplaces.
"Family home in Cumnor with extended kitchen and separate utility room. Benefiting from a driveway, south west facing mature garden and dining room."
"A refurbished five/six bedroom two bathroom home within a sought after location, with the benefit of a local authority HMO license and c£40,000 annual income (6.6% gross yield)"
"This well maintained two bedroom semi-detached house in sought after central Summertown is in a quiet, tucked away close. The property offers two double bedrooms and a bathroom downstairs, with stairs leading up to a spacious ""L-shape"" lounge/diner and separate kitchen, with plenty of natural light"
UNEXPECTEDLY REAVAILABLE - A Victorian bay fronted end of terrace house situated in this most central position with accommodation arranged over two floors. There is a secluded south west facing garden to the rear and a small front garden that overlooks the river. There is a useful covered passage...
Four bedroom family home is a desirable location and presented in great condition throughout.
Semi detached house offering four bedrooms being chain free.
"Sold with no onward chain and an option of tenant in situ, this substantial property currently has a HMO for five with a monthly return of £2500. The property benefits from parking at the front and a rear garden."
"Set on a plot, this three bedroom, detatched bungalow is located in a road in the village and has scope for development (STP). Benefiting from a garage and also a driveway."
117 Godstow Road offers a great opportunity to purchase a family home in a desirable location the centre of Lower Wolvercote.
Attractive Edwardian terraced family home with flexible three/four bedroom accommodation requiring some updating but retaining many of its original period character features. The accommodation is arranged over two floors with the ground floor benefiting from a spacious front reception...
"A beautifully presented four bedroom Grade II listed property located in the prestigious St. Georges Manor. The property has accommodation laid out over three floors, has the benefit of two allocated parking spaces and has stunning Georgian windows, with high end white shutters, and high ceilings."
"A beautifully presented two bedroom third floor apartment situated on the prestigious Waterways development. This delightful property offers well proportioned accommodation, gas central heating, decked balcony, ample storage and allocated parking space. Ideal as a ‘lock up and leave`."
"Ready made investment in central Headington. Deceptively spacious, modern, detached house to be let until August 2023 on a 12 month Assured Shorthold Tenancy at £2900 PCM with a HMO License for six persons. The accommodation is arranged over two floors comprising sitti..."
This mid-terraced Victorian property is available with no onward chain and offers a fantastic opportunity to extend to the rear and renovate throughout whilst maintaining the property's original period features.
Rarely available - An extended 1930’s residence enjoying far reaching views over Port Meadow and a south west facing garden.
"A well proportioned 1930's semi detached house situated in this convenient location and within easy reach of the city centre, business parks and ring road. The property requires updating and is offered with no onward chain."
A well proportioned and very well presented two bedroom end terrace Victorian property with a good size rear garden and situated close to Oxford City Centre and Oxford Railway/Bus Stations.
Extended three bedroom semi-detached family home situated in Risinghurst. Within a corner plot with off road parking and detached garage.
"A superb opportunity to purchase a detached four-bedroom family home that sits in a prime position on Medhurst Way, Littlemore. The development was built approximately 17 years ago and the property comes with ample off-street parking, a garage and a south-facing garden."
"Situated 2 miles east of the City Centre, a 4 bedroom, 2 bathroom period house available for sale with vacant possession and no onward chain."
"An exciting opportunity to acquire this three bedroom home positioned in a secluded and elegant setting, the property benefits from the generously sized plot it is situated on. The property offers versatile living space. Ground floor benefits from a foyer, kitchen and open-plan ..."
"Superbly refurbished and re-modelled family home and offered for sale with no onward chain. Having been the subject of an extensive programme of updating and alteration, this detached home is offered for sale in exceptional condition throughout, with many of the benefits associated wit..."
"A second floor apartment in the popular Waterways development, within 0.6 miles of Summertown shops & in catchment area for Phil & Jim school."
"Victorian villa main door flat with an additional study, private terrace and allocated parking. Located in leafy Central North Oxford side road, conveniently positioned for all the amenities of Walton Street and Port Meadow. Forming part of a period conversion the apartment features high ceilings."
A brand new two-bedroom apartment located in a new build apartment block situated just 0.3 miles from Westgate shopping centre. Accessed via the second floor is this unique apartment boasting a private balcony and over 750sqft of living space.
A wonderfully stylish and tranquil apartment within this sought-after development in the heart of Oxford City Centre built by the highly reputable - OX Place in partnership with Oxford City Council.
This well presented home has been completely renovated throughout. Offering bifold doors to the rear extension and open plan living space. The property benefits from three bedrooms with one en-suite as well as a garage and drive parking. Being located just 0.1 mile from the bus stop to Oxford Centre
"**Four-Double-Bedroom Detached House * Split-level Plot With South-Facing Balconied Decking Area * Integral Garage * Driveway With EV Charging Point and Parking for Several Vehicles * Enclosed Rear Garden** The central entrance hall gives access to each of the ground floor rooms. On the right, paire"
"A spacious and comfortable detached property with four double bedrooms, located on a quiet no-through road on the approach to Shotover Park in Headington."
A two double bedroom apartment with balcony located on the first floor of this popular development on Norham Road. 
"A delightful Victorian cottage with garden, tucked away yet conveniently situated in the Old Headington conservation area."
Three bedroom family home with good access to Oxford City Centre.
This well presented property is being sold with no onward chain. It offers three bedrooms with two reception rooms which are versatile to suit all requirements. It offers open plan living in the basement and is situated just 0.9 miles from Oxford City Centre.
An absolutely stunning family home with amazing views towards Boars Hill.
"Stylish contemporary townhouse at the foot of Shotover Country Park. Spacious semi detached house with private south facing garden and well proportioned accommodation arranged over three levels. Accommodation comprises sitting/dining room, cloakroom and elegant light grey k..."
"THREE BEDROOM PENTHOUSE APARTMENT, SITUATED JUST TWO MILES FROM OXFORD RAILWAY STATION. The property comprises of the entire top floor of this purpose built property. The entrance hall is large with steps up to an inner hallway which gives access into the open plan living/dining/kitc..."
A three bedroom semi detached home situated in the popular Holley Crescent. The property requires full refurbishment but offers great potential . Offered for sale with no onward chain.
A spacious four-bedroom semi-detached home with a large south-east facing garden. The house has been extended on the ground and first floors and h...
"Coming to the market for the first time in 28 years, this 2 bedroom semi-detached house comes to the market in need of modernisation."
"Investors Only: This five bedroom house is currently being rented out as a HMO property, the current tenancy agreement runs until 19th September and is currently paying £2,400 per month. The property has a living room, a separate W/C, bathroom, five bedrooms and a private garden."
"This well presented home is being sold with no onward chain and benefiting from off street parking. Being located off the Abingdon Road, this property is 1.4 miles from Oxford City Centre and 0.4 miles from Oxford Park and Ride which takes you to the City Centre and Oxford train station."
"A beautifully extended three bedroom home situated just a moments walk from central Headington, the JR Hospital and Oxford Brookes University. The pro..."
"Charming three bedroom character home with an opportunity to make your own, positioned on this highly demanded setting in East Oxford moments from a host of restaurants and cafes. The property also benefits from a large family bathroom downstairs, integrated kitchen appliances and a loft that has..."
Situated within the heart of Headington and tucked away in a quiet location is this deceptively spacious property. This family home is in immaculat...
The living accommodation is currently split over 3 floors. A separate porch and hallway leads to a large front reception room which has plenty of natural light from the bay window. The rear reception room has doors leading out to a modern galley kitchen and small low maintenance courtyard garden....
"A smart, two bedroom, ground floor flat with garage and communal garden set in a central location equidistant between Summertown and Oxford city. Lease 999 years from 11 January 1977 Service Charge: £1,961.56 Ground Rent: None Oxford City Council. Tax Band D "
"A smartly presented, two bedroom, lower ground floor apartment between Summertown and Oxford city centre. Lease 999 years from 25 March 1997 Service Charge: £2,800 per annum Oxford City Council. Tax Band E"
Situated within a popular location is this well presented three-bedroom family home which is offered with no onward chain. Offering well-proportioned family accommodation throughout with the added benefit of further scope to extend or alter subject to the normal planning consents.
"Located less than one mile from Headington town centre is this three double-bedroom, fully detached, chalet-style bungalow offering versatile & well-proportioned accommodation and fabulous rear garden."
"Attractive larger than average bay fronted Victorian terraced house in this most convenient location just over a mile from the city centre with coach services to London nearby. The well presented accommodation includes two reception rooms, kitchen, large first floor bathroom with separ..."
"Tucked away in a quiet residential close, this comfortable three-bedroom semi-detached property benefits from a separate self-contained studio annex set within an extensive garden. Carefully maintained by the current owners this delightful house benefits from a largely open plan ground floor l..."
Land with planning permission for sale. Exciting self-build opportunity for a stunning detached eco home. Land with planning permission for sale. Exciting self-build opportunity for a stunning detached eco home. Development site with planning permission for a striking contemporary detached fam...
An opportunity to acquire a 4 bedroom detached house with west facing garden located within a 0.4 mile radius of Oxford Train station.
An opportunity to purchase two apartments in a central location in Summertown. The properties offer a buyer a chance to own two apartments in one building which can be rented individually. The property is located just outside the ring road in Oxford.
A stunning two-bedroom apartment boasting modern accommodation finished to an exceptional standard and situated in an excellent City Centre location within walking distance of local amenities and transport links.
A beautifully presented two bedroom apartment with communal garden and lake views located on the popular Waterways development. 
New to the market is this extended 6 bedroom HMO property situated on Dene Road in Headington. The property currently achieves 3200PCM in rent wh...
"A superb two-bedroom third floor apartment with balcony, this new build apartment features open-plan kitchen, living and dining with hallway storage, an ensuite and a main bathroom."
" Recently completed and ready for immediate occupation a ground floor apartment with private patio and garden, predominately south facing. Larger than average accommodation of c.1057sqft providing a large open plan living room with a well appointed kitchen having a range of integrated applian..."
" This Three Bedroom Semi Detached Home in Cowley comes with something just a little bit different! A large parcel of land to the front, attached to the property and all on the same title, that offers at the very least an amazing bit of extra outside space for growing families, or perhaps - subje..."
"A spacious canal side apartment with allocated parking, situated within the Waterways development, providing excellent access to Summertown and the city centre along the towpath. The flat is accessed by lift from the ground floor and has plenty of storage for coats and shoes in the ha..."
** ATTENTION INVESTORS ** A spacious ground floor apartment set within the popular 'Waterways' development with allocated parking & access to communal gardens. The property has an open-plan living/dining area & kitchen with integrated appliances. There are two double bedrooms with fitted storage....
"An attractive, modern, 3-floor home with a truly superb standard of finish and presentation and offered with no onward chain. This link-semi-detached property is part of a small, charming development of homes, but it is larger than most neighbouring houses as it benefits from additional first-fl..."
NO ONWARD CHAIN A well presented modern first floor apartment that is set within gated grounds within three miles of Oxford City centre.
"A second floor apartment in the popular Waterways development, within 0.6 miles of Summertown shops and in catchment area for Phil & Jim school."
"Three bedroom detached family home in the heart of Kennington only 3 miles south of the City Centre. This property is an extended detached 3 bedroom house with a single garage and scope for further size. The family home overlooks fields out the back, situated in a cul de sac for true privacy."
"A three bedroom family home with driveway parking, garage and an east-facing garden, situated on Church Hill Road, just over 350 yards from Templars Square shopping centre."
A well presented three-bedroom semi-detached home located in the New Hinksey area of Oxford. The property has been improved by the existing owners...
"Attractive three bedroom property in sought after location. Set within an extremely popular side road, with excellent access to the city centre via the Marston cycle path through water meadows and University Parks, a wonderful 1930's built mid-terraced home with wooden flooring through..."
"UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON THE MARKET- Martin&Co welcome this Four Bed Semi-Detached House situated on Cardwell Crescent in Headington. Sold with No Onward Chain. On the Ground Floor the property compromises of a Double Bedroom, Bathroom and the spacious Open Plan Kitchen Dining Space which leads..."
" Whether you are seeking a Family Home or a Buy to Let investment, let us introduce you to this fantastic, extended semi-detached home in Cowley, being ideally located for accessing the main hospitals or Oxford Brookes University at neighbouring Headington, BMW, the Oxford Business Park or the S..."
"Sold with tenant in situ with a rental return of £2500pcm from November 2022 with increase to £3000pcm from November 2023, this property offers HMO for six. Located just 1.3 mile walk from the JR Hospital and just 0.8 miles from Oxford Brookes."
"Well positioned at the end of a cul-de-sac is this well presented three bedroom home. The property benefits from an entrance porch, open plan lounge/diner, kitchen with separate utility room. The property boasts ample driveway parking and a garage with side door to the private rear garden."
"Beautifully renovated and extended period home, with detached garden studio located on a convenient side road just off popular Cowley Road. The property is approached by a newly laid patio and attractive low rise brick wall, with a useful bike store. There is an entrance hall and usef..."
"This well presented home is located in an area free from general through traffic. This property benefits from period features in the living room as well as the flooring in the hall. Having two receptions and three bedrooms, this home has a family bathroom on the first floor and a downstairs WC."
Have you been looking for the perfect three bedroom family home in the heart of Kennington? This modern and well presented home offers a kitchen/diner and conservatory as well as off road parking and garage too. Interested? Call us now to book your viewing.
"***THREE BEDROOM SEMI IN MARSTON*** Situated in the popular area of Marston and just a few minutes walk from the JR Hospital is this amazing semi detached house, the property is set on a generous plot and has the benifits of a seperate entrance hall, lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen, firs..."
"A detached bungalow being sold with vacant possession, situated moments from the newly refurbished West Way Square and circa.1 mile from Oxford City Centre. SUMMARY The property has been recently redecorated and benefits from three good sized bedrooms to the ground floor, with two further lof..."
Situated in North Way.
"ATTENTION INVESTORS - Excellent investment property, three bedroom semi-detached house (currently let) with a separate studio apartment to the rear and planning granted for a further studio in the garden. Set in a residential area approximately 2.5 miles west of Oxford city centre. The..."
"Situated between the Cherwell / Swan Schools & the JR Hospital in Headington/Marston, an extended house with scope subject to consents"
This well presented home is being sold with no onward chain. It benefits from two reception rooms as well as an outbuilding to the rear of the garden
"Mid terrace period home with planning permission for extension and subdivision into two self-contained apartments. Currently laid out as a traditional family home, the present owner has obtained planning consent, reference 20/02527/FUL for subdivision of the existing dwelling into two ..."
"***RIVERSIDE 3 BEDROOM HOME*** Located within a short walk of the Isis river this large three bedroom family home offers; rear garden, off-street parking and the potential to extend (STPP). Tidy and clean throughout this is the perfect home to make your own or for an investor to explore further."
" FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION. Starting Bids £500,000. Terms and Conditions apply. ONGOING INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY with tenants in place on AST until August 2023 - this Three Bedroom, Two Bathroom Modern Apartment on Frenchay Road in the fabulous, much sought after Waterways, North Oxford,..."
"A rarely available opportunity to acquire a substantial duplex penthouse apartment in a prime, central Headington location with living accommodation, private balconies and unrivalled views over Oxford."
"This well presented family home is situated on the borders of Cowley and Littlemore. This property benefits from off street parking for several cars, four bedrooms and two reception rooms. The second reception room offering open plan living space for the kitchen and dining area."
"Purplebricks is proud to present to the market this five-bedroom semi-detached family home with south west facing garden and off-road parking set in this sought-after location on the edge of Headington, conveniently placed for the Churchill Hospital along with the other hospitals and Brookes Univ..."
"SOLD VIA SECURE SALE ONLINE BIDDING. TERMS & CONDITIONS APPLY: STARTING BID £500,000 We are delighted to offer FOR AUCTION this THREE BEDROOMED, TWO BATHROOMED MODERN APARTMENT on Frenchay Road in the fabulous, much sought after Waterways, North Oxford, within easy walking distan..."
This well presented home is being sold with no onward chain. It is situated off the Cowley Road which offers great amenities as well as transport links to Oxford City Centre and Oxford train station. This home benefits from open plan living on the ground floor with two bedrooms on the second floor.
"10 Harefields is a great three bedroom family home in North Oxford, providing a number of accommodation options."
"This is a charming Arts and Crafts style property, dating from the 1880s. It has an interesting history as it started life as an alcohol-free public house for workmen. Established by the New British Workmen movement, whose aim was to promote a religious lifestyle and the 3Rs. "
Extended family home situated in Headington. Property benefits from ample living accommodation on the ground floor with off road parking for multiple cars. Easy access to M40/A34 and situated 1.5 Miles from Nuffield Hospital.
" A superb three bedroom listed town house in this sought after private gated development. St Georges Manor is located on the eastern edge of Oxford and set in twelve acres of landscaped gardens. On the ground floor the accommodation comprises an entrance hall with a cloakroom, and a kitchen/d..."
This beautifully renovated and extended three bedroom family home offers well-appointed accommodation in the desirable area of Florence Park with the benefit of off-street parking.
"An elegant and spacious period property in the heart of the sought after St George's Manor development. Featuring high ceilings, sash windows, manicured communal grounds and allocated parking. This Property must be viewed to be truly appreciated."
"A versatile three bedroom family home with accommodation arranged over three floors, situated within in a private gated development on the Littlemore/Sandford-on-Thames borders."
"This newly renovated characterful three bedroom terraced property located within the highly sought after Abbey Road ideally situated 1.0 mile from Oxford City Centre, 0.3 miles from the Oxford Train Station and the well regarded Said Busniess School. Benefitting from being offered with no onward ..."
"A stylish bay fronted Victorian end terrace house with side access situated in this most convenient location and within easy reach of the city centre, ring road and business parks. "
Handy for Summertown and the city centre.
A charming Victorian residence renovated to an exacting standard situated on highly regarded Golden Road.
 An extended semi-detached four bedroom house located off Hollow Way and Brasenose Driftway in the north part of Cowley close to Headington. A four bedroom family house with two storey and single storey extensions providing spacious and flexible accommodation with scope for further improvemen...
"Three bedroom semi-detached house situated on a corner plot in this popular residential location Well-proportioned light & bright house comprising open plan double aspect sitting / dining room, separate kitchen and pantry, on the first floor there are three bedrooms and a family ..."
"A contemporary four bedroom detached family home built in 2009, benefitting from driveway parking and a south-east facing garden, situated on Rivermead Road."
Selling with no onward chain and vacant possession is this well presented three-bedroom home located within a desirable cul-de-sac in Marston. The p...
A smartly presented and well proportioned first floor flat enjoying a sheltered sunny aspect in this convenient location with allocated carport.
"An extended four bedroom family home with driveway parking and an east-facing garden, situated in Lye Valley, Headington. "
"Situated in the highly desirable area of Kennington, only 3 miles south of the City Centre, this is a refurbished ad extended 3 bedroom semi-detached home with shared driveway to garage, off road parking and a very useful summerhouse.The ground floor accommodation provides a cloakroom, 24ft livin..."
"Family home situated in Headington, offered with no onward chain. Property benefits from off road parking, front reception with a walk through kitchen diner."
" This well proportioned three bed three bathroom property in the New Hinksey, well balanced accommodation over two floors in this central location with access to the city. The property benefits from three bathrooms and three good size bedrooms and would make a great investment. Accommodation:..."
"Martin & Co welcome to the market this wonderful Three Bed Semi-Detached House situated on Wytham Street. The property is currently tenanted until April 2023. The property compromises of Three Bedrooms, Two of which are En-Suites. Kitchen Dining Space and a Bathroom. It also benefits from Of..."
"A well-presented and generously proportioned 1930’s semi-detached home with the benefit of driveway parking for at least two cars, a garage and no onward chain."
"This first floor one bedroom apartment is perfect for investors, currently tenanted until September 2023. The modern development is right in heart of the city & in a prime position to capitalise on the planned modernisation of the western side of the city. The rent per month is £1,400 resulting i..."
Extended four bedroom family over three storeys
"Extended, three bedroom family home, popular location, good condition throughout."
"This well presented home is being sold with no chain. The property has a kitchen/breakfast room with doors to the garden, the two reception rooms have been knocked through into one. Upstairs there are three bedrooms and a family bathroom. The property also has parking to the front."
"Situated within a 1 mile radius of the JR Hospital and Swan School in Headington, a well presented family home with parking and garden"
"A dual aspect penthouse apartment set in a location with countryside views, two balconies and an open plan living area. The property benefits gas underfloor heating throughout."
FABULOUS FAMILY HOME - Sold with Vacant Possession This modern 3 Bedroom 3 Bathroom House in the New Hinksey area of Oxford is a fantastic property - it would make an amazing family home or great investment (currently holds a HMO licence for 4). The house comprises of entrance hall leading ...
Sold with no onward chain is this three-bedroom family home. The property has been extended and benefits from driveway parking and a private garden with parkland views.
"A semi detached property located in the desirable area of New Hinksey, with three bedrooms, three bathrooms, off road parking and private rear garden. Tenanted until April '23, for sale with no onward chain."
"Re-modelled family home well situated for access to the John Radcliffe hospital. Semi detached house with the potential to extend subject to the necessary planning and/or building consents. The accommodation has recently been refurbished and comprises sitting room, kitchen/breakfast ro..."
" FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION. Starting Bids £475,000. Terms and Conditions apply. A Beautiful Two Bedroom, Two Bathroom, Modern Apartment on Frenchay Road in the fabulous, much sought after Waterways in North Oxford, within easy walking distance of all the shops, cafes, bars and restaura..."
An end-terraced three bedroom home offering a generous-sized plot with planning permission previously granted for a single dwelling. Sold with no onward chain and in need of modernisation.
"*** FOUR/FIVE BEDROOMS*** Wow this property is enormous, the house is set over three floors and is situated in the popular Rose Hill area of Oxford which has an array of local amenities as well as having very easy access to oxford City Centre for trains and shopping. The house itself offers ..."
"Situated a stone's throw from the heart of Summertown, 260 Woodstock Road is a two-bedroom Victorian terrace property that provides a fantastic opportunity both to live in or for investment."
"Here is a beautifully presented three bedroom home with a spacious garden and onward views. This property was been extended to the rear, and comprises an entrance hall, bright living room, and a large kitchen dinner with garden views. There is recently installed solid oak parquet flooring through..."
"Three Bedroom HMO Property - Abingdon Road, Oxford"
"A beautifully updated two bedroom home with off-street parking for multiple vehicles, ground floor study/playroom, conservatory and generous rear garden."
Three Bedroom Family Home
"A spacious, well presented 2 bedroom Victorian end of terrace house with useful loft room and off street parking."
"SOLD VIA SECURE SALE ONLINE BIDDING. TERMS & CONDITIONS APPLY: STARTING BID £ 475,000 We are delighted to offer FOR AUCTION this Beautiful TWO BEDROOMED, TWO BATHROOMED MODERN APARTMENT on Frenchay Road in the fabulous, much sought after Waterways in North Oxford, within easy walki..."
An extended three bedroom semi detached home with a downstairs shower room and a first floor bathroom. There is parking to the front of the property.
"A substantial four bedroom home offering spacious accommodation over three floors, offering a spacious level of accommodation and presented to the market in good decorative order internally. The property benefits from off street parking for several vehicles and low maintenance rear garden. Acc..."
This well presented home is being sold with no onward chain. It is situated on a cul-de-sac which is located just 0.2 miles away from the nearest bus route to Oxford City Centre. This home also boasts from two reception rooms with a conservatory off the second reception room into the private garden.
"A stylish top floor apartment situated in this central position, a stones throw from the train station, Said Business School and Westgate Shopping Centre. Offered with the benefit of a garage within the gated development. "
Martin&Co welcome this lovely spacious One Bed Apartment situated in the sought after development The Lion Brewery. The apartment is located on the First Floor and is a total of 63 square metres. Offered with No Onward Chain. The apartment comprises of an Open Plan Living Space leading throu...
"A two bedroom, two bathroom ground floor apartment with allocated parking. Well located for the amenities of Summertown, the city centre and Oxford Parkway station. Lease 125 years from 30 September 1987 Ground Rent: £600 per annum Service Charge: £2,500 per annum..."
New to the market in Central Headington is this charming Victorian house located on Bateman Street.
"An end of terrace family home with a south facing garden, located just moments from Cutteslowe Park and local shops. SUMMARY The property is well presented and benefits from double glazing and gas central heating, a modern white bathroom, three good sized bedrooms and three landing storage cu..."
"An extended three bedroom 1930s family home with driveway parking, garage and a south-east facing garden, situated on the borders of Cowley/Headington. "
This five bedroom semi-detached property is an ideal investment opportunity available with no onward chain and an HMO licence for seven occupants.
"A spacious two bedroom, two bathroom apartment located in The Cloisters area of the Grange with views into the beautiful manicured communal gardens with lift access to the first floor."
"This five bedroom Semi-detached, offering over 1300 sq ft of living space, modern two bedroom loft extension, utility extension offers plans to build second storey, multi-car driveway and neutral interior."
An opportunity to acquire a 1930’s terraced house set well back from the road and located in the upper part of this thriving Village.
"A delightful three bedroomed detached bungalow in a great cul-de-sac location. Very well presented throughout with gas central heating, uPVC double glazing and a garage to the side with off-street parking to the front and a sunny enclosed garden to the rear. A must see property. Call now!"
"A well positioned family home situated on a generous plot and offering no onward chain. The property comprises entrance hall, living/dining room, kitchen, conservatory, three bedrooms and family bathroom. Externally there is front garden with driveway leading to garage, side access to a 120ft ..."
"Recently refurbished four bedroom home with HMO license for 5. Well positioned for the Headington Hospitals and bus routes for the city centre, good access to London via A/M40. Currently has four tenants until 01/08/23 with a monthly rental income of £1895 excl bills."
"A three bedroom family home with a south-west facing rear garden, situated on the borders of Headington and Marston, less than half a mile from the John Radcliffe Hospital."
"Built in 2015, this is a well presented and versatile property offered over three floors. The property is available with no onward chain"
"A 4/5 bedroom HMO house with three double bedrooms, a single bedroom, family room, kitchen / diner, large shared bathroom, conservatory and enclosed garden to the rear. Off road parking for three cars is also available. HMO license for five persons."
"Martin&Co welcome to the market this great opportunity to purchase a 4 bedroom HMO, mid terraced house situated on the popular Valentia Road. The property compromises of Three Double Bedrooms & 1 Single Room, Open plan Living Room/ Kitchen and Bathroom and WC. It is currently tenanted unt..."
"4 bedroom HMO, mid terraced house situated on the popular Valentia Road. The property compromises of Three Double Bedrooms & 1 Single Room, Open plan Living Room/ Kitchen and Bathroom. It is currently tenanted until the end of August 2023 and is achieving £2,200 PCM."
"Purplebricks are proud to welcome to the market this lovely three-bedroom terraced house for sale in Cowley, available with no forward chain. The property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating throughout and has off road parking for two vehicles to the front. The property is tenanted..."
"A well presented two double bedroom semi-detached house, conveniently situated for access to Oxford City Centre, Cowley Business Park and BMW Mini Plant. EPC Rating D"
"A stylish two double bedroom apartment located on a small development of just six brand new homes benefitting from a high specification finish with integrated appliances, a private garden and allocated parking."
"Three bedroom semi-detached home with an enviable cul-de-sac position benefitting from two reception rooms, front and rear gardens and a detached garage. A great house in a fantastic location."
Extended four bedroom semi-detached home situated in Marston. Property is licensed as a four bedroom HMO but can be purchased without tenants in situ.
"Well-situated Victorian Semi Detached property in New Hinksey, within a mile of the City Centre and Grandpont Nature Park, offered to the market with no onward chain. The accommodation comprises a cosy living room, a contemporary kitchen and shower room. There is also a useful utility..."
"This contemporary two bedroom apartment benefits from two bathrooms, allocated parking and is offered chain free. Ideal for investors as it comes with a tenant in situ currently paying £1540 per month. Applications for residential purchase may be considered."
"Excellent location, modern three bedroom, two bathroom family home. Sold chain free."
A newly renovated home situated in a central location. The property is sold with no onward chain and renovated to a very high standard throughout. Benefits include a downstairs shower room and bedrooms spaced over the first and second floor. The property boasts parking and a 83ft garden.
"Three bedroom semi detached home in the delightful Florence Park area with planning permission for double story side and rear extension. The property is being offered to the market with no onward chain and would make a substantial family home. Accommodation: Entrance hall, three good size bed..."
Situated on the outskirts of Headington is this well-presented family home located under a mile to central Headington.
"ATTENTION INVESTORS! 4 Bedroom Student HMO Property - Headington, Oxford"
"2 Arnolds Way consists of eight thoughtfully designed apartments, developed to create a brand-new collection of modern, luxury lifestyle properties. This is an exciting opportunity for those looking for a stylish and superbly located apartment."
A well presented 1930's end of terrace two bedroom house with off street parking and a lovely garden close to Cowley Road and local amenities. Offered with no onward chain.
"Tucked away in a cul-de-sac, just yards from the beautiful Port Meadow nature reserve, this home comes with a southerly-aspect garden and parking."
"A two bedroom luxury apartment in a very desirable central Oxford location with underground parking. The property enjoys an entrance hall, two bedrooms, master with built in wardrobes, a bathroom with a shower over the bath, large open plan living/dining room with a deep bay window and a kitchen...."
"A great opportunity to purchase a two-bedroom first floor apartment just south of the Summertown shopping parade. It offers a desirable prospect both to live in and for investment. The apartment has previously been let for £1,500 pcm. (4% Yield)."
"Great HMO Investment - 4 Bedroom HMO sold with tenants in situ on AST until August 2023 with rental @ £2200 pcm. Very close to Oxford Brookes University, it is ideal student accommodation or professional shares as it is also situated in the centre of the 3 major Hospitals. Walking dista..."
"Situated between University Parks, Swan / Cherwell Schools and the JR in Fane Road, a larger terrace property requiring modernisation and refurbishment throughout . Outside the property is set back from the road with a long front garden a rear garden with and rear driveway parking giving it th..."
"Good size family home which has been extended and offers three bedrooms, two reception rooms, utililty room along with rear garden and driveway parking."
FLORENCE PARK FAMILY HOME WITH DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY - 3 bed family home with Planning Permission for a Two storey side and rear extension. Please check OCC website using reference 12/01135/FUL for full details (Work has been started). Sold with Vacant Possession. The property is located in...
Conveniently located three bedroom semi detached home.
"A delightful modern two bedroom home situated within walking distance of the John Radcliffe Hospital and nearby shops. The property further benefits from off road parking on drive and private gardens. The property comprises entrance hall, cloakroom, open plan living/dining room with double asp..."
"Offered for sale with no chain, this property is currently Let via Chancellors for £1250pcm and would be ideal to purchase with a view to extend to the side and rear (STP)."
An intruiging semi detached house forming the rear wing of a substantial detached house with off road parking and private garden in this popular location. Superbly presented and surpsisingly spacious two bedroom accommodation arranged over two floors including a recently renovated kitc...
"Semi-detached family home perfectly placed for access to the ring road network, the John Radcliffe Hospital and with easy access to the many amenities of Headington, Summertown and Oxford city. Well appointed three bedroom property, the accommodation features a light open plan double a..."
Three Bedroom Semi-Detached home with scope to extend on a double width plot. Offered with no onward chain situated on Headley Way.
" A period family home with a lovely presentation and many character features situated in a popular side road on the fringes of Oxford City, well located for public transport and amenities.SUMMARYA semi detached house built in 1930's with a long rear garden and off street parking for three cars. ..."
"A well-presented three-bedroom semi-detached home located in a small private development in Botley. The accommodation comprises an entrance hall, a..."
A stylish Edwardian property situated close to Florence Park and with the advantage of an approx. 95 ft south facing garden.
If you have been looking for your first family home then look no further. This semi-detached property has three bedrooms and a modern kitchen/diner and bathroom too. The added bonus is the front and rear gardens with off road parking as well! Call us to book your viewing today. 
"This beautifully presented light and airy two double bedroom ground floor apartment located on the Banbury Road, Summertown, ideal for those who commute into the city or want to be within a short walk to the local shops, restaurants and bars within Summertown or Oxford. A private accessed front ..."
A beautifully presented two double bedroom ground floor apartment with allocated parking located in the ever popular Cumnor Hill. 
Stylish central Oxford living.
A spacious two bedroom terraced home with an 87 ft south facing garden located in the popular Temple Cowley area of Oxford. The property has very generous proportions at 15 ft wide and the benefit of having no onward chain.
"***ATTENTION ALL FAMILY HOME SEEKERS/LANDLORDS OR INVESTORS !!! NOT TO BE MISSED !!! BOOK YOUR VIEWING TODAY !!!
Situated in the corner of a residential cul-de-sac, a well-presented and deceptively spacious three-bedroom f terrace house, offering on-road parking, Situated approx 1 mile from the C..."
"Extended mid terrace house in popular Sandhills location Accommodation comprises bay fronted sitting room, spacious open plan kitchen / dining room with doors to the garden and a ground floor shower room. Four bedrooms arranged over two floors and a first floor family bathroom "
Beautifully renovated family home with detached studio/home office located in a no through close on the edge of the city. Extended and improved three bedroom accommodation arranged over two floors including a fantastic open plan kitchen/dining room opening onto a sunny dining room. The...
"A two bedroom home situated in Iffley Village with allocated parking and garden, just over 500 yards walk from Iffley Lock & the River Thames."
"A beautifully designed and modern purpose built apartment, situated in a highly regarded development with scenic landscaping and communal areas. The location is further desirable amongst medics, academics and commuters, allowing easy access into Headington, A40/M40 to London, the local university..."
"This lovely three-bedroom semi-detached house is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in Littlemore with access to many amenities. It has both a garage, off-road and on-road parking. Access to central Oxford is very easy by car, bike or bus. The property is a short walk from a very large Sainsbury&rsqu..."
A well-presented 3 bedroom semi-detached home available for sale in the sought after Botley area.
"A two bedroom bungalow situated in Saint George's Manor, within period conversion in a gated community. "
"Recently decorated, three bedrooms, two receptions, sold chain free."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! - a family home that has been extended and provides larger than average ground floor accommodation by creating a good size dining room is offered for sale with the added benefits of double glazing, GAS central heating and enclosed gardens. This property is highly recommended."
"Two bedroom apartment located within close proximity to the Oxford Train Station, and a short walk into the heart of Oxford. Castle Mill Stream is close by which offers great outdoor space to explore, these are just a few of many reasons this property is in the ideal location. The prop..."
This three bedroom terrace property is situated 0.7 miles away from Oxford City Centre. It is being sold with no onward chain.
"With access to great schools and a beautiful park with an outdoor swimming pool, this three-bedroom home makes getting to the centre of Oxford by foot, bike, or on the bus, quick and convenient. Off-street parking, a private rear garden, a block-built outbuilding, make this a property not to miss."
"574 Banbury Road is a well-presented ground floor two-bedroom apartment, situated within a quiet cul-de-sac. The apartment comes to the market end of chain and offers an excellent opportunity for an investment or home in the area."
"A rare opportunity to acquire this corner plot, a well-proportioned three bedroom semi detached home in need of refurbishment throughout. An amazing opportunity to make your own and positioned on this popular location in East Oxford. Accommodation: Entrance hall, living room, dining room, kit..."
"A two bedroom home with allocated parking situated in a cul-de-sac in Iffley Village, just over a 500 yards walk to the Iffley Lock & the River Thames."
"Sold with no onward chain is this well presented three bedroom bungalow. The property benefits from front and rear gardens, a single garage with power and well proportioned bedrooms all whilst being situated at the end of a cul-de-sac in a village location."
"A well presented bungalow on a low maintenance, manageable plot."
NEWLY BACK ON THE MARKET! A good-sized semi-detached home which would benefit from updating but offers the potential to create a lovely family home in the popular residential area of Rose Hill.
This well present family home is being sold with no onward chain. Situated on a no through road this property benefits from off street parking for two cars with side access to the rear garden. This home is located 0.2 miles from the nearest bus route to Oxford City Centre and the local amenities.
"This well presented home is situated in Cowley, just 0.4 miles from Templars Square, offering several amenities such as restaurants, bars, shops and supermarkets. Here you can find transport links to Oxford City Centre and the hospitals. This home benefits from driveway parking and three bedrooms"
This well maintained two bedroom bungalow is situated in a quiet no-through road in this highly sought after village location and is available with no onward chain. The house is set back from the road with a pleasant front garden and driveway providing parking for two vehicles alongsi...
A superb opportunity to purchase a 3 bedroom duplex apartment presented in superb order throughout situated in St. Clement's on the edge of the City C...
"If you have been looking for your first three bedroom family home then this could be it! This property has the added bonus of two reception rooms, an en-suite to the master bedroom and a garden too. Contact us today to book your viewing!"
Charming bay fronted Victorian family home with extensive character features in a superb location on a quiet no through side road in Temple Cowley available with no onward chain. The well-presented three bedroom accommodation is arranged over two floors and includes two well-proportion...
"Beautiful two bedroom apartment in the sought after Mosaics development with wonderful countryside views. Stylish, light and spacious property with a superb open plan sitting / dining room and a contemporary fully fitted kitchen, two double bedrooms with built in wardrobes, a modern en..."
"Martin & Co welcome to the market this Two Bedroom, Two Bathroom Apartment located in Lincoln House, RewleyRoad which is situated in the heart of Oxford. Will be sold with No Onward Chain. The apartment comprises of Two Bedrooms, Spacious Living Room, Two Bathrooms( one of which is the En-Su..."
"Set in a fantastic location offering easy access into Oxford is this three-bedroom mid-terrace home, offering flexible accommodation, OFF STREET PARKING, and a great size rear garden with access."
"A well-proportioned three double bedroom family home with the advantage of a loft conversion, established garden and driveway parking."
"A three bedroom semi-detached house with back and front garden in a popular residential area ideally located for both the city centre, schools and colleges, free road parking, 5 minutes' walk from shopping centre and several bus lines to station and city centre. Sold with no onward chain A love..."
"A beautifully presented three bedroom extended semi detached family home providing spacious accommodation with garage, parking and gardens all set in the sought after village of Kennington. EPC rating D"
"Three bedroom house with parking and good size garden, presented in modern condition throughout."
"This second floor apartment benefits from an allocated parking space and is situated off the Abingdon Road. It is located 0.7 miles away from Oxford City Centre where you can find all the local amenities. There are also bus stops to the local hospitals, Oxford Train Station and various destinations"
"Positioned towards the end of this lovely cul-de-sac, well proportioned three bedroom home with low maintenance rear garden. The property would make a lovely home and investment alike due to easy access to the bypass and amenities. There is also a garage located in a separate block. Accommoda..."
A two bedroom first floor Duplex apartment with en-suite and parking forming part of a stylish contemporary private development of just six 1 and 2 bedroom apartments by Kilkenny and Gomm Developments. The light and spacious accommodation features an open-plan living/kitchen with the kitchen c...
"A two bedroom first floor apartment recently completed and ready for immediate occupation set in highly sought after Cumnor Hill just one and a half miles from Oxford city centre. The accommodation comprises two double bedrooms (one en-suite) with built in wardrobes, open-plan kitchen/dining/..."
Traditional 1930's semi-detached home.
A charming two bedroom period cottage located in the heart of East Oxford.
Modern central Oxford living.
"A three bedroom detached family home situated on the outskirts of Oxford, with an integral garage, en-suite master bedroom, garden and parking."
"This Three Double Bedroom HMO, all with ensuites, is sold with tenants in situ on AST until August 2023. Great central cowley location, just a short walk to local shops, restaurants and supermarkets, as well as easy access to the ring road for routes to Oxford and London. Close to Oxford Busines..."
"A spacious first floor apartment situated in a delightful canal side setting which is just a short walk to the train station and Oxford city centre. The property has allocated parking, a balcony overlooking the canal and the benefit of having no onward chain."
"A well-presented and generously proportioned three bedroom terraced home with the benefit of having no onward chain. The property is very well located for those looking for easy access into Oxford city centre, the ring road and hospitals."
"Set in leafy grounds, this 61 sq m apartment is just 0.2 miles from the Port Meadow Nature Reserve and only 1.1 miles from Summertown's amenities."
"Detached bungalow with parking and garden located just off the bustling Cowley Road. Offering two double bedrooms, family bathroom and an impressive open plan kitchen and living area. This property can be purchased as an investment with tenants in situ or with vacant possession (curre..."
Chain free vacant three bedroom property with a two story extension in Florence park area.
"Situated in leafy North Oxford, Woodstock Close is an unusually quiet location just off the Woodstock Road."
"A three bedroom family home with garage and driveway parking, situated in Newman Road, providing easy access to the Eastern & Southern By-Pass."
"A three bedroom home situated in Littlemore, providing easy access to the Eastern & Southern By-Pass as well as Oxford city centre via regular bus services."
***INVESTORS DREAM*** 4 Bedroom HMO!
"Three-bedroom end terraced house, located on the edge of the ever-popular Florence Park and benefitting from a single storey extension, off-street parking to the front and a generous rear garden."
"A two bedroom home situated in a cul-de-sac off Cowley Road, with a south facing garden, less than 300 yards from public transport services into Oxford city centre."
3-Bedroom HMO House
"Of interest to investors. An extremely well presented 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom ground floor apartment in a gated development currently let until August 2023 at a gross yield of 4.2%."
"Situated in central Headington and sold with no onward chain is this well presented two bedroom home with parking. The property comprises a kitchen, front reception room and dining room. The first floor offers two bedrooms, shower room and a gallery creating a perfect study area."
"Grandpont, which can be reached by foot from the city centre, offers a decent selection of local stores, bars, and eateries. The well-liked Hinksey Park and lovely river walks are also close by."
"A well-presented 3 bedroom property with the advantage of a garage, located in a cul-de-sac within sought after Temple Cowley."
"Martin&Co welcome this Four Bedroom Semi-Detached HMO House situated on Shelley Road. It also benefits from a One Bedroom studio to the rear. Both the House and Studio currently have tenants in situ and are achieving £2,000 PCM and £600.00 PCM. This is a fantastic investment opportu..."
"Situated in the Lye Valley area of Oxford is this three bedroom home. The property benefits from front and rear gardens, plus a side plot with detached garage with potential to extend or build subject to planning permission."
"Situated in a no-through road, this home has ample scope for extension and refurbishment and is offered with no onward chain. There is driveway parking and a mature rear garden."
"A renovated and recently remodelled five bedroom duplex apartment offering private rear garden, off street parking and sold with no onward chain."
"End-of-terrace home in a pleasant position overlooking Magdalen Wood. Offered for sale with no onward chain, this end-of-terrace home has well-proportioned accommodation over two storeys and features a semi open-plan ground floor arrangement with three distinct areas. Upstairs, there a..."
"Terraced house in desirable location with three bedrooms, two reception rooms and driveway parking."
A three bedroom home which is offered for sale with no onward chain. Benefiting from double glazed windows and GCH. Located in Elms Rise.
Spacious modern ground floor apartment in a superb location on the edge of Iffley Village close to delightful river walks. Immaculately presented two bedroom accommodation with an en suite shower room in addition to the family bathroom. The large dual aspect sitting room has double doo...
"Fantastic four bedroom HMO opportunity on this prime road, the property is currently achieving £1985 PCM, the property has two en-suite bedrooms on the first floor and two bedrooms on the ground floor. Location: Fairlie Road is located in Littlemore, east Oxford, inside the ring road, c..."
"A private two bedroom detached bungalow in this non- estate location on the edge of Wootton at the foot of Boars Hill sold with NO CHAIN with driveway, garage and private garden."
" A Three Bedroom mid terrace home in Long Lane, Littlemore, just within the Eastern Bypass with great access dolwn to Cowley Centre, or by car to main transport routes. The Science Park and a number of local business parks are within easy reach, and there are frequent local buses available to an..."
Four bedroom HMO on this highly regarded setting off Cowley road with once bedroom studio to the rear with tenants in situ. This is a fantastic investment opportunity with favourable rental yield. The main dwelling is achieving £2000 pcm and the studio £600 pcm. Accommodation: Ent...
"Situated between the JR Hospital and Cherwell and Swan schools in Headington, an opportunity to acquire an extended home with a substantial garden, driveway parking space and no onward chain."
"Family home situated in Headington, offered with no onward chain. Property boasts three double bedrooms with two bathrooms and a garage to the rear."
"Excellently presented one bed apartment offering high quality specification. Spacious living areas with double glazed windows, underfloor heating with hard wood flooring, unrestricted parking to the front and direct access to the back west facing communal garden and sun-terrace offering privacy."
4 Bed House with Additional Ground Floor Flat to the Rear. This property comes to the market as a 4 Double Bedroom House with 2 Bathrooms and a Self Contained 1 Bedroom Ground Floor Flat to the Rear with Good sized rear Garden. Currently a HMO but can be sold with Vacant Possession. Could us...
"A well-presented 3/4 bedroom semi-detached residence with delightful south west facing garden, situated in popular Littlemore."
"A smart ground floor apartment in Woodstock Close, with well-tended communal gardens and the convenience of being less than a mile from Summertown with its shops, restaurants and cafes. Lease 189 years from 25 March 1977 Ground Rent: £75 per annum Service Charge: £..."
"Located behind an attractive stone wall and wooden gate on the corner of this popular residential street and opposite a little green is this unique modern home. A well-presented and up-to-date semi-detached house, it has the lovely benefit of a 6.37m (20'11'') long kitchen/diner, ..."
Three Bedroom End of Terraced
"An extended 1930’s 2 bedroom residence with off road parking and west facing garden, well placed for access to the City Centre (2 miles) and the ring road/A34."
"A three bedroom family home with an outbuilding/office, situated on Barns Road, Cowley centre, en-route a bus service into Oxford city centre."
A rare opportunity to own an attractive and beautifully presented two bedroom period house in this excusive rural suburb located in the Green Belt just 3 miles from Oxford City Centre. Rose Cottage is a spacious period cottage which has been updated and modernised to a high standard of finish ...
"An opportunity to acquire an attractive three bedroom family home with garage, situated in the Headington Cowley Borders."
An opportunity to acquire a 3 bedroom residence with an approx. 100 ft south west facing garden adjoining open countryside with far reaching views.
"Martin&Co welcome this recently refurbished contemporary Three Bedroom First Floor Apartment situated in the highly sought after development Venneit Close. The property is either being sold with tenants in situ and offering investors a gross yield of 5.98% at the current rate of £2,020 P..."
" This stunning first-floor maisonette is part of a sympathetic refurbishment of a period property, and now offers stylish contemporary accommodation that still benefits from the light, space and high ceilings of an age gone by. A central hallway gives access to each of the rooms, which inclu..."
"A well located, particularly light, one bedroom second floor apartment situated in Oxford City Centre with the benefit of a balcony."
This modern two bedroom house is ideally situated on a development at the top of Yarnells Hill within the heart of Botley sitting 2.3 miles from Oxford Station and 3 miles from Oxford City Centre itself. Internally you are greeted with an entrance hall with a guest W/C on the left and...
A well-presented two-bedroom first floor apartment set in the highly regarded Lion Brewery development in Central Oxford.
Chancellors present this 3 bedroom mid terraced property situated in Chillingworth Crescent. Situated approximately 0.9 miles from the Churchill Hospital.
" Retirement living for the over 60’s located very conveniently for Summertown. Lease 125 years from 1 May 1988 Service Charge: £1,560 per annum Ground Rent: £610 per annum Oxford City Council. Tax Band D"
"A three bedroom terraced house which has been updated and renovated by the current owners. Situated close to Headington which has a range of cafes, shops and restaurants. The Nuffield and Churchill Hospitals, Brookes University and local schools are within walking distance.There is also a regular..."
"This three bedroom, top floor apartment close to the city centre is available with no onward chain. The property is currently let for £1,950pcm and the tenants take care of all the bills (council tax, electricity, gas, water and internet). Current tenancy contract is until Septem..."
Purpose built apartment situated in Marston. Approx 1.1 miles from the John Radcliffe Hospital and 1.5 Miles from Carfax Tower. Offered with no onward chain.
"SITUATED CLOSE TO COWLEY'S TEMPLAR SQUARE, A FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME. The property comes to market as a potential investment opportunity with tenant in situ or can be purchased with vacant possession. Accommodation comprises; Entrance Hall leading to large sitting room with window to fron..."
"A ground floor apartment featuring a living room with patio doors leading to a enclosed private garden, a double bedroom, fully fitted kitchen and shower room. The property also benefits from its off street driveway parking and being offered with no chain."
Sold with no onward chain is this well presented ground floor apartment. The property boasts an updated kitchen and bathroom plus two double bedrooms with en-suite to the main bedroom. Sliding doors give access to a patio area overlooking South Parks. Additional benefits include a garage and parking
"Viewing is highly recommended!!! A superbly presented 2 bedroom flat situated in this sought after development consisting of two double bedrooms, two bathrooms and spacious reception room as well as a gorgeous balcony overlooking the front of the property. The flat comes with an allo..."
"Two Bedroom Cottage located in the sought after location of Boars Hill, Oxford. This property is a must see, benefiting from two parking spaces"
"Sold with no onward chain, a well presented family home within the Cherwell School catchment area well situated for the John Radcliffe and easy access to the ring road."
"57 Butler Close is a two-bedroom duplex apartment, situated in this highly desirable Central North Oxford development on the edge of Jericho. The apartment comes to the market with no onward chain and offers scope for updating."
" A light and spacious south facing two bedroom ground floor apartment for sale with no onward chain, located in Botley this modern flat offers both spacious living accommodation and is conveniently located for transport and nearby amenities. Accommodation: Communal hallway, entrance hall, fam..."
A beautifully presented ground floor apartment located in a peaceful and private development and offered with no onward chain. 
"This extended Three bedroom property is located in Littlemore. Downstairs there is an extended kitchen/diner and separate lounge, while upstairs there are three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Outside the garden has been landscaped and there is parking."
"Well presented throughout, this three bedroom home benefits from ample living space, parking for multiple vehicles and private, enclosed, rear garden."
"2 bedroom home ideally located for local primary school and Thornhill Park & Ride, in good order throughout situated in Merewood Avenue in Sandhills"
"Sold with no onward chain is this modern and stylish two bedroom, two bathroom apartment wit a private terrace balcony located in the heart of Headington with excellent access to local amenities and transport links to London."
This well present apartment is being sold with no onward chain. It is located in the heart of East Oxford on a no through road. The property consist of an en-suite shower room to the main bedroom with another family bathroom. It has a juliette balcony within the sitting room overlooking the gardens.
" A two bedroom period property in need of some updating situated in this popular convenient location in New Hinksey. No onward chain. 3 Green Place is located in a cul-de-sac with a south westerly facing rear garden. The accommodation briefly comprises sitting room, kitchen and bathroom and o..."
Contemporary ground floor apartment with high specification interiors and direct access to a private garden in a superb location on the edge of the city. Well presented two double bedroom accommodation extending to 750 sq ft with a spacious open plan sitting/dining room benefitting fro...
*** A superb opportunity to acquire a spacious 3 bedroom ground floor apartment *** The building was originally owned by The Oxford Military College in 1800s and then converted in 2000s. The property is the biggest flat in the building. It features high ceilings and massive...
A modern 2 bedroom property with off road parking set within this favoured development located on the edge of Florence Park.
"This well presented home is being sold with no onward chain and has potential to extend. Having recently been refurbished throughout, this property benefits from three bedrooms, a garage and two reception rooms. The second reception area offers open plan living and dining alongside the kitchen"
"Four Bedroom Property - Cowley, Oxford"
"Stylish contemporary living in a private wooded setting. Well appointed top/second floor purpose built apartment situated close to the open spaces of Shotover Country Park. Spacious accommodation comprises sitting/dining room, separate kitchen with fitted and integrated appliances, two..."
This three bedroom detached house is being sold with no onward chain. It is situated on a no through road on the Littlemore borders. It is in need of renovation throughout but has potential to extend subject to planning to both the rear and loft.
High specification modern family home with contemporary open plan interiors on a quiet side road on the edge of the city. Beautifully presented two bedroom accommodation arranged over two floors with a luxurious bathroom and en suite shower room. The large open plan ground floor layout...
"Four bedroom semi detached home positioned in this popular setting in East Oxford. The opportunity to acquire this property with vacant possession or tenants in situ. Location: East Oxford is known for its vibrant culture, with a host of shops, restaurants and bars to attract young professi..."
"Attractive 1930's semi detached house with extensive rear garden and off street parking located on a quiet cul-de-sac on the edge of the city. Well presented character accommodation including a sunny south facing bay fronted sitting room with stripped pine floorboards, spacious kitche..."
"A smart, two bedroom, terraced house with garage, affronting a green and situated in a no through road. Set in the catchment of Cherwell School and Cutteslowe primary school the property is also within a mile of Oxford Parkway Station for London. Oxford City Council. Tax Band D"
"Martin&Co welcome a Four Bed Mid Terraced House situated on Bailey Road. The property compromises of a Large Reception Room, Dining Area leading into the Kitchen, Bathroom and Four Bedrooms. It also benefits from a Spacious Rear Garden and has side access to the rear. It currently has Tenant..."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS - Smart, one bedroom aparment situated in this sought after location close to Summertown. This one bedroom first floor apartment is currently let until July 2023. Situated on the first floor this bright and airy apartment features an open plan living/dining room, ..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a south facing, one bedroom, ground floor apartment in this highly sought after development in central Summertown. The property has undergone a number of upgrades and renovations. The property was switched into a one bedroom from a two bedroom property."
" A bright and spacious ground floor apartment with two double bedrooms, two bathrooms and allocated parking located off Cowley Road two miles from the city centre and Headington. No onward chain. A very well-presented apartment in a quiet location away from traffic but within 200m of Cowley R..."
"Spacious two bedroom townhouse in a leafy quiet no through road. Set on the outskirts of Headington, with excellent access to the ring road network, A/M40 and regular buses to central Headington and the hospitals, Oxford city and London /airports. This three storey townhouse has modern..."
"Situated in St Ebbas Close at the foot of Shotover Country Park, a stylish top floor home with private garden and parking"
"A beautifully finished apartment located just off the Woodstock Road with an allocated garage, a short walk to Walton Street and Oxford City Centre combined with the benefit of a bus stop within easy reach offering access into Summertown and Oxford Parkway train station."
Beautifully presented three bedroom home situated conveniently close to local amenities and transport links.
"This 3 bedroom semi detached property has a kitchen breakfast room, lounge and off street parking. All set in central Headington with no onward chain and a superb and mature enclosed rear garden. call now to book your viewing on "
"If you have been looking for a three bedroom semi detached property as your next home then this could be the house for you! This property also comes with the added bonus of a conservatory, en-suite and downstairs toilet as well as a garden and garage too! Interested? "
 A ground floor three bedroom apartment located just west of Oxford Railway Station in this purpose built development within a mile of central Oxford and approximately 500 metres off Port Meadow. Venneit Close is within a short distance of central Oxford in an excellent location for student l...
Open for cash buyers only. To view this property you must register as a buyer on the Hammer Price Homes website and then book a place on one of the open days. Property is chain free
Chain free property conveniently located close to local amenities.
Well presented two bedroom apartment in the sought after location of Botley. This apartment benefits from its own private garden and allocated parking space. Located 1.7 Miles from the Oxford Train Station and on the S1 bus route to Oxford or Witney. Call now to book a viewing.
"A three bedroom home, with driveway parking and a south-west facing garden, situated in Cowley centre, en-route regular bus services into the Oxford city centre."
"A ground floor two bedroom apartment located on a direct bus route to Oxford City and Train Station. The property benefits from two car parking spaces, private garden, electric charging point for a car. Modern style kitchen with an en-suite bathroom. Call now to book a viewing!"
"This well presented first floor maisonette is being sold with no onward chain. It is located off the Cowley Road. Being situated less than 500ft from the nearest bus stop to Oxford City Centre, this maisonette benefits from having two bedrooms and a bay window in the reception room."
Four bedroom end terrace family home offering ample living accommodation throughout. Offered with no onward chain.
"Smart top floor apartment with terrace providing delightful rooftop views, forming part of a small purpose built development of just nine apartments, conveniently situated a short level walk from the excellent facilities available on the Cowley Road. Contemporary two bedroom accommodat..."
INVESTOR CLIENTS ONLY - TENANT IN SITU. Set in the heart of Oxford city centre & with a tenant in situ until January 2024 this is an excellent investment opportunity. Set on the top floor this 1 double bedroom apartment has an open plan living/dining room & kitchen. The property also has bike sto...
"Ideally situated for the JR and Manor Hospitals, amenities and transport links in Manor Park, a ground floor apartment with parking offered with no onward chain."
"This contemporary one bedroom flat is located off Banbury road situated 0.6 miles from local amenities with a local shop down the same road. The property benefits from ample storage, spacious living and parking, plenty of natural light and convenient transport links."
"A very well presented ground floor apartment recently renovated to a high standard, located in the popular Stream Edge development. Offered with no onward chain. "
"Taylors are delighted to be able to present to the open market this well looked after Three bedroom end of terrace property situated in the Littlemore area of Oxford. The property briefly comprises of; Entrance hall, two reception rooms, downstairs W/C, Kitchen and large rear garden. <..."
In need of modernisation 3 double bedrooms first floor bathroom Side access 49ft rear garden
An attractive semi-detached house situated well back from the road in a small development within popular Littlemore.
A very well presented top floor apartment situated in this sought after retirement development. 
"A ground floor apartment located just of Cowley Road. This property boasts two bedrooms, lounge dining area with bay window and separate kitchen. There is a parking space to the rear as well as a courtyard outside area. The property is being sold with no chain."
Three Bedroom second floor apartment located in Oxford City. The apartment is rented currently and has a HMO Licence. Good condition through-out and benefits from an allocated parking space. 0.4 miles from the Oxford Train Station. Call now to book viewing.
"Situated in Headington, is this opportunity to acquire a well presented ground floor apartment with own entrance, en suite to main bedroom, garden, parking and no onward chain."
"A contemporary two bedroom first-floor apartment built in 2007 with accommodation spanning 948 sq. ft and views overlooking the Oxford Golf Club, situated on the boarders of Cowley/Headington."
"Spacious two bedroom first floor apartment in the popular development of Bennett Crescent, located in Temple Cowley. The apartment comprises a hallway, an open plan sitting / dining room, fully integrated kitchen and two double bedrooms. The master bedroom also benefits from an ensuite..."
"******BEING SOLD BY GOTO ONLINE AUCTIONS, BUYER'S FEES APPLY, STARTING BIDS FROM £350,000****** This property offers spacious accommodation being extended on the ground floor and has a garage conversion to the side. The property comprises of entrance hall, large kitchen/breakfast room, utility r..."
"An excellent opportunity to acquire a one-bedroom top (second) floor apartment in one of North Oxford?s most desirable locations, walking distance to both Summertown shopping parade and Oxford city centre. The apartment comes to the market end of chain."
"A well presented second floor apartment in Woodstock Close, with well tended communal gardens and the convenience of being less than a mile from Summertown with its shops, restaurants and cafes. Lease 189 years from 25 March 1977 Service Charge: £1,000 per annum Oxford ..."
Martin & Co welcome to the market this attractive two double bedroom end-terrace home located for easy access to both Headington and East Oxford. The house was built in the 1970s house and has been decorated since into a stylish contemporary home. The ground floor consists of living/dining r...
"Sold with no onward chain is this three bedroom home that has been extended to the rear, has a renovated kitchen, WC, garage and parking."
Attractive two bedroom Cumnor Hill apartment.
"Contemporary split level two double bedroom apartment. Located in the popular residential area of Headington. Light and bright apartment arranged over two floors with open plan living room / kitchen, ground floor bathroom and two bedrooms. Outside is one allocated car parking space. S..."
"***PEGASUS GRANGE*** A rare opportunity to acquire a large one bedroom apartment situated in one of Oxfords premier retirement centres for the over 55's, situated just outside Oxfords city centre and just a few minutes' walk to the Westgate shopping and main line train station beyond. ..."
"Modern three bedroom mid terrace with a garage and private garden in a secluded cul de sac within the village of Littlemore on the edge of Oxford The well presented accommodation offers a large sitting/dining room with bay window, modern kitchen/breakfast room and useful additional con..."
"Positioned between Brookes University, the John Radcliffe, Chruchill and Manor Hospitals, an opportunity to acquire a contemporary home with private garden and off street parking space, offered with no onward chain"
"The Gables, perfectly located less than 2 miles from Oxford City Centre. Located within this small select, luxurious and characterful development on the highly sought after Cumnor Hill is this stylish and spacious two double bedroom ground floor apartment with direct access to patio and communal ..."
"A ground floor leasehold Maisonette with garden, garage and parking, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in the heart of Headington. Located close to hospitals, Brookes University, London/Airport bus stops and well regarded local schools. The property comprises : Outside accessed store cupboard.
En..."
This one bedroom apartment is offered to the market with no onward chain. With sitting tenant it would make a great addition to any portfolio
This three bedroom period home is vacant and comes with no chain. Downstairs there are two reception rooms and a kitchen leading on to a 68ft rear garden. The first floor boasts two bedrooms and a family bathroom with an additional bedroom being on the 2nd floor.
A well-presented two bedroom semi-detached house situated within a poplar location off of the Eynsham Road benefitting from gas central heating and double glazing throughout. The property has the advantage of its own driveway with ample space for multiple vehicles and an enclosed south facing rea...
"A much improved 3 bedroom cottage style house forming part of a handsome terrace with garage and lovely gardens. Tucked away in an elevated semi-rural location with far reaching views over lovely surrounding countryside, just 3 miles north of Abingdon-On-Thames and 4 miles south of Oxford. NO ONW..."
"Offering an open plan kitchen/living/dining room opening up onto a private balcony. Comes with 2 double bedrooms, with an ensuite to Bed 1. The kitchen boasts top spec Symphony kitchen with fully integrated appliances."
"***PEGASUS GRANGE*** A rare opportunity to acquire a two bedroom apartment situated in one of Oxfords premier retirement centres for the over 55's, situated just outside Oxfords city centre and just a ..."
"A modern ground floor maisonette located in the sought-after location of Marston. The property features two functional bedrooms, perfect for a young family or professional couple. The open-plan living, kitchen and dining area provides a contemporary space for entertainment and relaxation. The ful..."
" A two bedroom ground floor apartment within a small private development in a popular residential area. Built by Sweetcroft Homes in 2007, Rippington Court is a development of just 7 properties conveniently located for access to Oxford City, Headington and Summertown. Located on the ground fl..."
A modern end terrace residence with driveway parking and south west facing outside space.
A well presented ground floor apartment which benefits from a private entrance and garden. 
"Rare opportunity to acquire a fantastic apartment in North Oxford. No onward chain and sold with vacant possession. Two double bedroom apartment built in 2003, master bedroom with en-suite, situated in a pleasant side road just North of Summertown and within walking distance of the B..."
A fantastic top floor two double bedroom apartment boasting high ceilings and many far reaching views. An excellent first or investment purchase
"A highly individual detached coach house arranged over two floors with an integral garage, located within 1.1 miles of Oxford City centre. Presented in good order throughout with accommodation comprising bathroom and a generous hallway with access to the garage and stairs leading up to..."
"A three bedroom home situated in Blackbird Leys, within close proximity to the BMW Mini Plant, Oxford Science Park and the Oxford Business Parks."
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Mid Terrace House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £330,000 - £360,000*"
"Situated in Greater Leys, this two bedroom property offers a partially converted garage, which has a study to the back half and still the remaining garage at the front. It benefits from off street parking, two bedrooms and a downstairs WC. It is located 140 yards from the nearest bus stop."
"A great investment opportunity, this two bedroom terrace with front and rear gardens in this peaceful setting close to the heart of Botley in West Oxford, just two miles from the city centre. Bus stops cover all major routes to the city centre, universities and hospitals. The local shops and ..."
Investment Purchase - Three bedroom home which is in good condition and sold with tenants in situe.
"A three bedroom terraced home with carport/workshop and multiple outbuildings situated in Blackbird, on a bus route into Oxford city centre."
Two bedroom ground floor freehold apartment offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN
"Spacious ground floor apartment in central Headington. This two bedroom leasehold accommodation does require updating throughout but includes a good size sitting room, kitchen / breakfast room, two bedrooms and a bathroom. Outside there is a private garden with patio area, garage, own..."
This extended property benefits from three bedrooms on the first floor with a family bathroom. It has two bedrooms on the ground floor with three separate receptions and a separate kitchen. The property is situated 0.4 miles away from the nearest bus stop to the City Centre and the hospitals.
"Modern ground floor apartment in a secure gated development with beautiful communal gardens superbly located on a no through side road close to Cowley Road and South Park. The apartment comprises a light and airy sitting/dining room with views to the rear over the communal gardens, a s..."
"A superb refurbished top floor apartment situated in this converted Victorian house and situated within easy reach of the city centre, Cowley Road and South Park. "
"A well situated spacious two bedroom first floor apartment within the highly sought after village of Cumnor. Internally this property consists of an entrance hall fitted with a utility space, bathroom, kitchen, living room and two bedrooms. Externally this apartment offers..."
Three bedroom family home which is in a popular village location just outside of Oxford.
"This home is situated on a no through road off Holloway. The property benefits from being between Headington and Cowley borders, therefore frequent transport links to Oxford City Centre and the hospitals. The property is located 0.4 miles from the bus stop and 0.8 miles from the nearest superstore."
"Two bedroom house located in a cul-de-sac off of Crescent Road, the property benefits from two double bedrooms and has access to Headington and Cowley. Outside the home is an allocated parking space."
Two bedroom home sold vacant and chain free.
"Modern two bedroom apartment situated in a Central Headington, benefitting from share of freehold. Property can be sold with a tenant in situ with a rental income of Approx. £1250 pcm or vacant possession can be offered from mid-June 2023"
" Superbly presented, generous size two bedroom first floor apartment with balcony, garage and parking . Conveniently located for the John Radcliffe hospital. The property comprises : Entrance hall with a useful storage cupboard and further airing cupboard. Generous lounge dining room with a ..."
An immaculate two bedroom house which has been extended to offer a spacious kitchen/dining room which overlooks the rear garden.
" A refurbished and modernised two bedroom penthouse apartment with passenger lift access, a west facing balcony and under croft parking space situated approximately one mile south of Oxford city centre. The apartment forms part of the Rivermead Park built in 2004 by Linden Homes on the south ..."
Ground floor apartment with two double bedrooms and located with excellent access to Abingdon Road.
Traditional two bedroom terrace house located in the popular Rose Hill area of Oxford.
"A two bedroom ground floor apartment spanning approximately 81sq M, with a private garden and parking, situated in Cowley centre. "
A first floor flat enjoying a sheltered corner position set in delightful grounds on this highly regarded and well facilitated development specifically for the over 55s.
A well presented 1 bedroom first floor apartment with an allocated parking space and the benefit of having no onward chain.
New to the market is this stunning 1 bed apartment located in Headington. The apartment was built in 2018 and has only had one owner since it was...
A stylish & well-appointed second floor apartment located in the heart of Oxford city centre. The property has an open plan living/dining room leading to a private balcony & there is a modern kitchen. The bedroom is a good double looking out over the balcony & there is a nice bathroom with a show...
"If you have been looking for your next family home then look no further! This well presented, two double bedroom property has gorgeous wooden flooring downstairs, a beautiful garden and garage and off road parking to the side. Call us to book your vewiing today! "
"Situated in a cul-de-sac of Greater Leys, this home features open living/ dining space and allocated parking with a garage. Located just 0.5 miles from the nearest bus stop which goes directly to Oxford City Centre as well as the Kassam Stadium which provides restaurants and entertainment facilities"
"If you have been looking for a spacious two bedroom house then viewing this property is a must! With a modern kitchen, en-suite shower room and off street parking for two cars this house ticks all the boxes! Interested? "
"A light and airy modern ground-floor apartment benefitting from its own entrance, parking space on drive and a private garden to the rear."
"A well presented two bedroom home situated within a cul-de-sac location, offering an ideal first time buy or investment alike. The property comprises a entrance hall, kitchen/diner, living room with storage cupboard, patio doors opening to tiered garden with side access gate. To first floor th..."
"A modern two bedroom apartment situated in Botley, Oxford. This flat offers an open plan kitchen/living room, skyline views over Oxford and allocated parking."
"Smart first floor apartment with delightful views over communal gardens in a popular development well located for the Business Park and ring road. Well maintained two bedroom accommodation including a bright, sunny dual aspect sitting room with laminate flooring, good sized, well fitte..."
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - A spacious one bedroom maisonette with private courtyard garden in a superb location just off Cowley Road little more than a mile from the city centre. Well presented one bedroom contemporary ground floor apartment with fashionable open plan living space includ...
No Onwards Chain.Hathaway Estate agents are happy to present this smart 3 bedroom terraced house. Viewing recommended. 
"Sold with no onward chain is the two bedroom flat benefiting from driveway parking and a single garage. The property is located at the end of a cul-de-sac in the sought after area of Marston, Oxford."
"A smart, spacious ground floor apartment with direct access to an area of communal garden located on a quiet side road close to Cowley Road. The well presented accommodation extends to over 500 sq ft and is finished to a high standard including a well fitted kitchen with granite workto..."
Well presented two double bedroom duplex apartment in Kennington. Benefiting from allocated off-street parking and communal gardens.
"This well presented apartment is being sold with no onward chain. It is situated in New Hinksey which is located 1.3 miles from Oxford City Centre. The Oxford park and Ride is 0.5 miles from the apartment, which has transport links to hospitals, Oxford Train station and other destinations."
"This well presented home is being sold with no onward chain. It is located just over 100 yards from the nearest bus stop which takes you directly to the Oxford City Centre. The property is also 0.8 miles from the Kassam Stadium which has restaurants, sporting facilities and entertainment."
"Two bedroom apartment with benefit of rear garden. Situated in the heart of Marston a well-presented two bedroom ground floor apartment, providing close proximity to local amenities and is offered for sale with no onward chain. Previously converted & extended, the apart..."
A modern two-bedroom terraced home with the benefit of having no onward chain located in the popular area of Littlemore. The property has just been...
A well-proportioned second floor apartment set within the large stunning grounds of this sought after private gated development with the added benefit...
"A charming brick built property. Downstairs there is a lounge, Kitchen and separate W/C. On the first floor there is a bedroom and family bathroom, while on the second floor there is an extra bedroom."
"Set in the Beauchamp Lane conservation area is the wonderful two bedroom, top floor apartment which is arguably the best development of apartments in the Cowley area."
"A beautifully presented one bedroom apartment in a sought-after location and offered with a share of freehold and 992 year lease remaining. The property has under floor heating, a private balcony/terrace with views to open fields, allocated parking and access to local amenities. The modern and..."
Three bedroom family home sold chain free
"A great opportunity to purchase a first floor apartment situated in this converted Victorian house and situated within easy reach of the city centre, Cowley Road and South Park. Offered with no onward chain."
"If you have been looking for a two bedroom property in great condition, then look no further! This property has the added bonus of a kitchen diner, private garden and off road parking too! Call us to book your viewing today!"
Property situated in Headington. Ample living accommodation throughout with multiple reception rooms and 130ft rear garden. Offered with no onward chain.
A unique end of terrace maisonette arranged over two floors ideally situated within 0.7 miles Oxford Trian Station and 1.1 miles of Oxford City Centre itself. Internally you are greeted by an open plan kitchen/diner/lounge space fitted with a kitchen and utility area. Following up the ...
A top floor apartment with allocated parking situated in this popular residential area to the south of the city centre. The apartment comprises tw...
"CHAIN FREE - Light and contemporary apartment set in a recently developed complex of fourteen apartments on the sought after Yarnells Hill. Comprising of a large double bedroom, en-suite bathroom and a spacious open plan living/dining room with separate kitchen. PHOTOS TAKEN PRE-TENANCY "
"This well presented apartment is situated on a no through road in East Oxford. Recently being refurbished throughout, this home offers two bedrooms both with fitted wardrobes. Being located on the second floor, the apartment benefits from scenic views visible from different locations."
"This maisonette is set over two floors and features two double bedrooms, with driveway parking space and in need of light refurbishment"
"This well-proportioned apartment is located within very close proximity to the J.R. Hospital and offers two double bedrooms, open-plan living arrangement and a garage. A great buy to let opportunity"
"Stylish ground floor garden apartment. Set within this popular development on the outskirts of Headington, with excellent bus links into central Headington and the city, a ground floor apartment offered for sale with no onward chain. The well presented accommodation is compo..."
"A well presented first floor apartment with private entrance and garage. The accommodation comprises a living room, two double bedrooms and family bathroom. The property benefits from front garden and single garage."
"This two bedroom ground floor apartment has access to a shared garden. The property has two bedrooms, a family bathroom and a L shaped kitchen, dinner and living area. There is also one allocated parking spot. This property is being sold with no chain."
A second floor apartment forming part of the comprehensive refurbishment of a period house providing six luxurious and beautifully appointed apartments within prestigious Summertown. Every effort has been made to blend original character features with contemporary styling for modern living usi...
A spacious two bedroom first floor apartment with allocated parking and the benefit of having no onward chain.
"Spacious modern one bedroom ground floor apartment with private courtyard situated in central Headington. Offered for sale with no onward chain this one bedroom property would make an ideal first time purchase, pied a tere or investment property. Own private entrance, large open plan ..."
"A very well-placed three bedroomed semi-detached house with great access to local facilities. Offering surprisingly spacious family-sized accommodation on a good sized plot with gardens, parking and a concrete garage."
"Forming part of a small private development of just seven apartments built by Sweetcroft Homes in 2005. Flat B is a well-presented ground floor apartment providing accommodation of an open-plan living/kitchen area which is comprehensively fitted with a range of cupboards, drawers and integrated a..."
"Two double bedroom ground floor apartment, with excellent transport links to the city."
"This modern and well presented two bedroom apartment built in 2016 is located down a quiet close in the popular village of Kennington, Oxford. It also benefits from being share of freehold, 993 years remaining on the lease and no ground rent."
This well presented maisonette is being sold with no onward chain. The property is situated off the Cowley Road and located just 0.2 miles from the nearest bus route to Oxford City Centre. The property benefits from a private rear garden and its own private entrance.
Sold with no onward chain is this two bedroom ground floor apartment with en suite to the main bedroom. It is located on the Cowley/Headington borders. Please note there is tenant in situ until May 2023.
"Sold with no onward chain is this first floor flat with bay window in the front reception room, double bedrooms, kitchen plus bathroom"
A well-presented 2 double bedroom duplex apartment with allocated parking situated on popular Horspath Road.
"Well presented modern two bedroom first floor apartment in a purpose built development with allocated off street parking. The property benefits from a light and airy sitting room with bay window, refitted kitchen with modern appliances, two double bedrooms and a bathroom. ..."
A two bedroom first floor apartment just 1.1 miles from central Headington with a 55'3 x 20'4 garden.
"*** 3 BEDROOM NON-STANDARD CONSTRUCTION*** This 3 bedroom semi detahced house with sizable plot is located In Barton. Just a short walk from the Barotn shops, and with great connections into town via, bus, car or bike. A great oppurtunity for a first time buyer or investor."
2 Butler Close is a ground floor studio apartment located in a desirable development in Central North Oxford.
"This four bedroom property is being sold chain free. Downstairs there is a reception hall, lounge, kitchen and conservatory. Upstairs on the first floor there are three bedrooms and a bathroom with the fourth bedroom in the converted loft. There is parking to the front."
"A two bedroom ground floor apartment, situated in Medhurst Way, benefitting from parking and an en-suite bedroom."
Very well decorated two bedroom first floor maisonette with parking and communal gardens.
"Top floor, two bedroom apartment situated in the sought after area of Elms Rise, Botley. This apartment benefits from an allocated parking space and 0.1 miles from bus stop to Oxford city centre. Both double sized bedrooms and newly installed electric heating. Call now to book."
"Martin&Co welcome this lovely Two Bed First Floor Apartment situated in Nursery Close. The trendy modern apartment has great links to local amenities and bus routes to the centre of Oxford. The apartment compromises of Two Double Bedrooms which the Master benefits from an En-Suite, an Open P..."
"A one bedroom house with a study/guest room, allocated parking and an east-facing garden, situated in Broadfields, Littlemore. Offered with no onward chain."
This modern first floor flat offers a balcony view overlooking the park and two double bedrooms with open plan interior.
"A one bedroom semi-detached house situated on a no through road on the Littlemore/Sandford on Thames borders, benefitting from its own enclosed garden."
"This first floor apartment is being sold with no onward chain and a share of the freehold. Situated only 0.3 miles from the Cowley Road, which offers several amenities and transport links to Oxford City Centre and the hospitals. This property benefits from two bedrooms and an allocated parking space"
"Two bedroom, one bathroom ground floor flat situated in Headington. Property is situated 0.9 miles from the John Radcliffe Hospital. Offered with no onward chain"
"Sold with no onward chain is this two double bedroom apartment in a gated development. The property benefits from an en-suite, fitted kitchen and family bathroom. The property can be purchased with tenants in situ for any investor."
"*** 3 BEDROOM NON-STANDARD CONSTRUCTION*** This 3 bedroom semi detahced house with sizable plot is located just off the oval in Rose Hill. Just a short walk from the river, and with great connections into town via, bus, car or bike. A great oppurtunity for a first time buyer or investor."
"A one bedroom upper for apartment located within Ferry Hinksey Road well situated 0.5 miles from Oxford Train Station and 1.4 miles from Oxford City Centre. Internally you have access through the communal areas up to the upper floor through the front door into an entrance hall, bedroo..."
"Offering an open plan kitchen/living/dining room opening up onto a private balcony. Comes with 2 double bedrooms, with an ensuite to Bed 1."
"Sold with no onward chain is this two double bedroom apartment within close proximity to Headington hospitals, local amenities and transport links to the City Centre/buses to London. The property benefits from a balcony, a lockable bike shed plus additional storage cupboard outside the front door."
ATTENTION INVESTORS! A modern and very well presented ground floor apartment on a small development in the popular village of Cumnor. The tenancy offers a gross yield of 4.8% at asking price. The apartment has an open-plan living area with a contemporary kitchen. There is a double bedroom & a sma...
"An ideal investment opportunity - tenants in situ paying £1,250 per month. A re-modelled terraced home benefiting from open plan living with a ground floor extension and utility room. Upstairs there are two bedrooms and a bathroom. The property also benefits from two parking spaces."
"Spacious first floor Apartment, presented in a lovely condition throughout in the desirable village of Kennington. EPC Rating: C"
"The Juniper offers 2 double bedrooms with an ensuite to Bed 1. There's a private balcony just off the open plan living room, top spec Symphony kitchen with fully integrated appliances AND a utility!"
"A period flat conversion, with the advantage of a garden and independent entrance, set in a desirable East Oxford location."
"Purpose-built, ground floor apartment in modern, gated development. Situated with excellent access to the many amenities of Headington, as well as regular bus services to both central Oxford and London/airports, this ground floor apartment is presented in good order throughout and has ..."
"** An attractive one bedroom ground floor apartment under shared ownership scheme located in a highly desirable Iffley location ** The property benefits from a spacious entrance hallway with storage cupboards, kitchen, living/dining room and bathroom. The property offers an..."
** More photos and floor plan will be added soon ** Taylors are proud to present this gorgeous bright and spacious top-floor apartment. The flat has easy access to ring road for commuters but also within the ring road for easy access to Oxford City Centre. The property feat...
"A one bedroom apartment situated in Headington, to the East of Oxford City Centre. The property is located on the ground floor and has a private garden and off street parking. QUALITIES * NO ONWARD CHAIN * One bedroom apartment situated in Headington * Close to extensive amenities and publi..."
"Situated between Headington's hospitals and the Business/Science Parks in White Road, an opportunity to acquire a substantial and immaculately presented home with allocated off street parking and no onward chain."
"A one bedroom duplex apartment which benefits from allocated parking, communal gardens and no onward chain. Call branch now to view"
"Smart top floor apartment with spacious accommodation and a walk out balcony in a convenient location on the edge of the city close to the ring road, business park and science park. The property would benefit from some redecoration and cosmetic updating but offers surprisingly spaciou..."
"This well situated second floor apartment is being sold with no onward chain. Being located off the Iffley Road, this property is located only 0.1 miles from the nearest bus stop to Oxford City Centre. The Iffley Road also offers several amenities and other transport links to Oxford train station."
"A recently converted 2 bedroom first floor apartment with independent entrance, allocated parking and south west facing balcony."
This first floor maisonette is situated in a cul-de-sac off a no through road. It offers a garage with an allocated parking space as well as a private rear garden. This well presented home is being sold with no onward chain and is located just 0.2 miles from the bus stop to Oxford City Centre.
"Situated in Headington, this family home in need of modernization boasts an open living setup with ample off road parking. Offered with no onward chain."
Sold with no onward chain this two bedroom apartment is well-presented and located on the fringes of the amenities of Cowley Road.
"Available to buy is this one bedroom ground floor flat with a private garden and property access, in need of some light refurbishment"
"Modern apartment in tucked away location. Located at the end of a no-through road in a leafy setting, this first floor apartment is offered for sale with no onward chain. The property is presented in good order throughout with the kitchen and bathroom both having been update..."
"A rarely available property with views of the river and Sandford Lock presented to a good standard comprising 1 double bedroom with fitted wardrobe, Living/Dining room, Fitted kitchen, fitted bathroom, patio garden and allocated parking space. There are limited mooring rights for residen..."
"Looking for your first home, an investment property or pied a terre? Well presented ground-floor apartment in a leafy setting on the edge of Headington. The accommodation is composed of sitting/dining room, a kitchen which was refitted approximately two years ago to include Zanussi hob..."
"First floor apartment situated in this popular development. The accommodation briefly comprises sitting/dining room with juliet balcony to the front, fitted kitchen, double bedroom and en-suite shower room. Outside, the property has an allocated parking space. With good acce..."
****AVAILABLE FROM MID APRIL 2022 *** A larger than average ground floor apartment. The property benefits from a large bright open/planned kitchen/living space and garden to the rear The property is approximately a 25min walk from the Hospitals 
Sold with no onward chain is this share of freehold one bedroom apartment. The property is on the first floor and is well presented through. The apartment benefits from a shared garden whilst being within a mile of local amenities.
Sold with no onward chain is this two bedroom apartment located in a gated development benefiting from open plan living and allocated parking
Sold with no onward chain is this two bedroom apartment. Ideal for first time buyers or investors. Currently the property achieves £1200pcm in rent currently and is well presented throughout. Additional benefits include a garage and allocated parking spot.
" A MODERN, NEWLY REDECORATED ground floor apartment in this fantastic converted block in Cowley, East Oxford - a One Bedroom apartment, ideal for first time buyers, investors, single occupants or couples. It has the benefit of Lounge AND Study, which could instead be utilised as a second Bedroom..."
"If you are looking for a two bedroom property with a great location for Cowley Road and Oxford City, this could be the property for you! With lounge/diner, separate kitchen and the added bonus of a communal garden and allocated parking. Call us today to book your viewing!"
"*AVAILABLE NOW* Solo Homes are pleased to offer a range of brand new 2 bedroom apartments on the St Nicholas Place development in Littlemore. Available on a shared ownership basis, this is great opportunity to make your next home purchase more affordable. This developments benefits from being l..."
"This two bedroom second floor apartment comes with a balcony and a garage. Rarely available with such features, this property has no onward chain"
"A grade II listed converted one bedroom apartment with allocated parking. The property is located in gated access grounds. The property has a lounge/diner, bedroom, family bathroom and a separate kitchen/breakfast room."
This well presented maisonette benefits from a private balcony off the reception room. It has two bedrooms and a family bathroom.
"Located at the base of Cumnor Hill, this one bedroom apartment is offered with no chain and available with tenants in situ paying £1000pcm."
Call now to register early interest. Coming soon to the market this well presented Duplex apartment in the heart of Blackbird Leys.
"A recently refurbished 1 bedroom ground floor apartment comprising of a living room, double bedroom, fully fitted kitchen and shower room. On street permit parking is also available through the local council. This property is being offered as freehold and chain free."
"A one bedroom first floor apartment with parking, situated in Cowley centre, ideal for first time buyers and investors alike."
"This well presented apartment is being sold with no onward chain. Being located only 170ft away from the nearest bus stop to Oxford City Centre, this apartment benefits from allocated parking and situated on the ground floor. The Cowley Road offers a range of amenities which is a further 0.9 miles."
"One bedroom apartment situated in St. Lukes Road, Cowley. The property comprises an Open Plan style Living Room / Kitchen, with a separate Double Bedroom and a separate Bathroom. The property is close to a wide range of shops and amenities locally, but is also within easy reach of the vibrant..."
"A smart one bedroom ground floor apartment, ideal for a single occupancy buyer or investor, located in Temple Cowley, East Oxford. Lease 999 years from and including 1 April 2014 Service Charge: £1,114.78 per annum Ground Rent £250 per annum Oxford City Counc..."
A well presented ground floor apartment situated just 100 yards to public transport links to London and the city centre in Headington
"This first-floor one-bedroom apartment has been redecorated in 2021 and offers smart, modern living. It can be offered with with tenants in situ as an on-going investment opportunity bringing in £795pcm, or with vacant possesion from the end of May 2022. The property is set in the west Oxford su..."
"Presented to the market in excellent order, a studio apartment just moments from Central Headington and transport links to Oxford City"
"Alistair Redhouse are pleased to offer this one-bedroom flat in a purpose-built complex of age-restricted apartments designed for 'independent living' conveniently located in central Summertown. The apartment is accessed from a communal hallway, the accommodation comprising entrance lobby..."
"A remodelled and recently renovated one bedroom apartment with allocated parking, situated in Temple Cowley, on a bus route into Oxford city centre as well as Oxford Business Parks and the BMW Mini Plant. "
"Two bedroom, one bathroom first floor flat situated in Headington. Property is situated 0.9 miles from the John Radcliffe Hospital. Offered with no onward chain"
"This property comprises of a living room, double bedroom, fully fitted kitchen and shower room. This property is being offered as Freehold and is Chain Free."
 A second floor two bedroom apartment situated in the popular Lizmans Court area of Temple Cowley The property is being sold under our modern method of Auction and in the first instance you should register your interest in the property and we will inform you when the viewings can ...
Extended two bedroom property currently used as two flats. In need of modernisation and benefiting from a garden. Property will be sold as share of freehold if bought as apartment individually.
"One bedroom, one bathroom flat situated in Headington. Property is situated 0.9 miles from the John Radcliffe Hospital. Offered with no onward chain"
"A recently refurbished first floor one bedroom apartment comprising of a living room, double bedroom, fully fitted kitchen and shower room. On street permit parking is also available through the local council. This property is being offered as Freehold with no chain."
"Being Sold by YOPA Online Auction. Starting Bids from £210,000. Buy it now option available. Please call or visit YOPA Online Auctions for more information."
One bedroom flat situated in Rose Hill with an open plan living room.
"This well presented first floor apartment is being sold with no onward chain. Being situated less than 600 yards from the nearest bus stop to Oxford City Centre. This apartment benefits from an allocated parking space, communal gardens and having recently been refurbished throughout."
"Situated within 1/4 mile of Brookes University & 1/2 mile of The Churchill, a one bedroom apartment with parking, offered with tenants in situ"
"This one bedroom flat benefits from an open plan kitchen and living space, a double bedroom with built in storage and a spacious modern shower room. The location of the flat is within three miles of the city centre."
"Well proportioned one bedroom ground floor apartment in good order, ideally situated for the A/M40 and the John Radcliffe hospital"
A two bedroom top floor flat with multiple balconies offered with vacant possession and no onward chain.
"First floor apartment with an open plan living area, parking and 143 year lease."
"A well-presented first floor apartment with garage and parking, further benefitting from communal gardens and circa 143 year lease. The property has been refurbished and decorated throughout, with a new boiler and high quality carpets and flooring. The property comprises private entrance door ..."
"A one bedroom first floor apartment, with allocated parking and a south-facing garden, situated in a cul-de-sac location."
a modern first floor flat with garage located in the littlemore area
"This first floor, purpose built two bedroom apartment is conveniently located for access to Oxford City Centre and Templars Square Shopping Centre."
"Presented to the market, a studio apartment just moments from Central Headington and transport links to Oxford City. The property is sold with tenant in situ and currently achieves £900pcm."
Have you been searching for a spacious one bedroom ground floor apartment? This property is well presented and would make a superb first time or investment buy. Interested? Contact us on .
"Investment opportunity, property sold with tenants in situe. One bedroom ground floor apartment close to transport links and amenities."
"Situated on the periphery of Headington, a well presented first floor apartment with allocated parking. Benefiting from separate kitchen"
A one bedroom first floor apartment with allocated parking space and a communal garden.
"** 55 AND OVER ONLY ** The property is on the first floor and has a stair lift.- An attractive 1 bedroom flat with kitchen, shower room and living/ dining room in addition to ample storage in a highly sought after location. There are communal gardens and unallocated off road parking."
"A studio apartment which consists of an Enterance Hall, open plan Living/Bedroom with a seperate Kitchen, Shower Room and Balcony. The property has access to Oxford City, Oxford Science Park and the Ring Road. Enjoying views over the River Thames and Grandpont nature reserve is this gr..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this superb 70ft X 12'6 widebeam launch, designed and built to a high, bespoke specification in 2006, with the completion of the professional fit-out over two years. Very well maintained and an ideal constant cruiser or floating home"
"FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION. Starting Bids £180,000. Terms and Conditions apply. Auction date is 24th March 2023. A smart One Bedroom ground floor apartment with communal gardens in this excellent location in East Oxford, just off Cowley Road itself, close to shops, cafes, restaurants and..."
"Situated in the stunning grounds of Oxford Beaumont Care Community, Barchester Healthcare are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully decorated TWO BEDROOM assisted/independent living apartment. This is a truly special retirement property.Call us to view today!"
"A smart One Bedroom ground floor apartment with communal gardens in this excellent location in East Oxford, just off Cowley Road itself, close to shops, cafes, restaurants and supermarkets, as well as a wide range of other amenities, providing great access to local business and science parks and ..."
AVAILABLE NOW: 2 Bedroom Second Floor Apartment in Oxford through the Shared Ownership scheme. 
"A SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM ground floor apartment benefiting from driveway parking and private rear garden, in the village of Littlemore on the edge of Oxford, close to the Oxford Science Park as well as a number of trading estates and business-parks, BMW plant and with good access to the main hospit..."
This modern double unit park home is well-positioned at the entrance to this popular site on the edge of Oxford. It offers generous accommodation and is very well-presented throughout with a stylish modern kitchen and a recently updated contemporary shower-room. CALL NOW TO ARRANGE A VIEWING!
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** Two bedroom ground floor maisonette, with parking in a good location."
" FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION. Starting Bids £175,000. Terms and Conditions apply. A SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM ground floor apartment benefiting from driveway parking and private rear garden, in the village of Littlemore on the edge of Oxford, close to the Oxford Science Park as well as a numb..."
Two bedroom first floor retirement apartment which has recently been redecorated and is in lovely condition. The property has a large open plan lounge with kitchen area.
"A lovely contemporary 1 bedroom retirement flat for the over 60's in a sought after building and situated in a beautiful part of North Oxford, A variety of supermarkets, shops, banks etc. are located in Summertown."
One bedroom ground floor apartment within access to communal gardens
"Situated in the stunning grounds of Oxford Beaumont Care Home, Barchester Healthcare are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully decorated ONE BEDROOM Assisted/Independent living apartment. This is a truly special retirement property.Call us to view today!"
"Facilities at Emden House include an on-site manager and part-time administrator, secure entry and a warden control system connected to each Flat. Emden House has lovely communal gardens, a library, residents common room and is just a 1 mile walk to Bury Knowle Park, 0.3 miles from Waitrose."
Affordable living in a lovely location on the outskirts of Oxford. Attractive two bedroom park home on a well maintained site.
Leasehold Maisonette Vacant Possession
Freehold with Prior Approval for Ten New Build Flats
"* Well Presented South Facing 1 Bedroom Apartment (lift to all floors) * Age Restrictive Development Offering Independent Living Aimed At The Over 60´s * Hall, Living/Dining Room, Double Bedroom, Kitchen, Shower Room, Storage Heating, Dble Glazing & Communal Facilities *"
"A wonderful opportunity to acquire a smart, modern apartment in a very desirable location on a shared ownership basis.The property is a two bedroom apartment on the first floor of this sought-after development. It comes with a parking space and use of communal gardens and is very well located for..."
This modern 40% shared ownership first floor flat offers a balcony view overlooking the park and two double bedrooms with open plan interior.
"The property is offered for sale on a shared ownership scheme, the advertised price is for a 40% share, the rent payable on the unowned share is £651.70 per month. The service charge and buildings insurance is £96.21 per month."
"Over 55s first floor apartment with stair lift benefitting from one bedroom, kitchen/diner, bathroom and lounge area with access to communal gardens."
This two bedroom park home presented in excellent order throughout being sold with no onward chain. Viewings recommended.
"A fantastic first floor flat in the centre of Cowley, close to local amenities"
A 50% share of a two bedroom apartment available to over 55's only. The property is sold with no onward chain and is well presented throughout.
"Property Ref: 11315 This stylish and modern two-bedroom flat is situated in the highly sought-after Egrove Close area of Oxford, ..."
* One Bedroom Apartment Positioned On The Second Floor (lift to all floors) Of This Welcoming Age Restrictive Development Offering ´Independent Living´ Aimed At The Over 60´s Elevated Views Over Botley Park * The Development Has Both Well Presented & Maintained Communal Areas *...
"40% Shared Ownership. Situated in a popular modern development, this ground floor flat has the benefit of no onward chain and has three bedrooms."
"Over 60's only. Retirement property. Centrally located to Oxford City Centre this one bedroom apartment benefits from communal gardens, residential parking space and clothes washing services. Independent living set up with on site warden. No onward chain."
"Situated on the corner of this flagship development, this ground floor contemporary 2-bedroom apartment offers space and natural light throughout and has been designed to facilitate wheelchair users."
"A shared ownership one bedroom ground floor apartment, with a communal garden; located within the periphery of Headington. The property offers no chain and is ideal for first time buyers. The share available is 40%."
"One bedroom retirement apartment centrally located and presented in good condition, sold with no onward chain ,suitable for over 55's. A one bedroom retirement apartment locate on the top floor, benefitting from a private balcony with garden views and lift. A wide range of services are provided..."
A first floor retirement apartment with private balcony located in a popular and well served development close to central Summertown. The apartment is conveniently located on the first floor with a balcony overlooking well maintained grounds. The property consists of a double bedroom w...
Shared Ownership - 25% Share for Sale One Bedroom First Floor Maisonette
"**BEHIND THE SCENES ON SITE EVENT - 25TH MARCH 2023 - REGISTER YOUR INTEREST TODAY!**The Ashwood, a stunning Four Bedroom Home, set within the Hampton's Country Park. This unique, individually designed executive home offers contemporary modern living."
"Fantastic Unique House offers comfortable living in the main House with the addition of a SEPARATE TWO BEDROOM ANNEXE with SUN ROOM, multiple gardens and within a walled plot. The current owners have also looked into potentially extending the MAIN HOUSE resulting in approx 21 separate Apartments."
"Attention Investors... An established large detached property situated in the sought after location of Thorpe Lea Road, Peterborough with great access to local schools, amenities and transport links. Ideal as an investment property to be developed into apartments offering over 21 different rooms."
"This fabulous house is in the beautiful rural location of Alwalton with great commuter routes to the A1, A605 and Peterborough. The property would make an amazing family home, backing down to the river with potential for its own mooring."
"This stunning Five Bedroom Home, Set within the Hamptons Country Park, adjacent to lake is the is the perfect Place to call home. This home has everything to offer from entertaining friends and family with a generous outside space which includes a Jacuzzi, Bar and outside BBQ space."
"Stepping onto the plentiful driveway of this six bedroom home, there is no doubt you
are somewhere special"
"Set on a plot of a third of an acre and offering over 3800sq ft of living accommodation, this six bedroom home with a separate, self contained annexe sits in central Peterborough, just a stones throw from Central Park and the City Centre. If you want space, this could be your next home........"
A Stunning five bedroom individually architect designed detached property situated on an exclusive private road offering stunning views to the surrounding area. The property offers spacious contemporary accommodation and is presented to a very high standard. MATTERPORT TOUR AVAILABLE
"**BEHIND THE SCENES ON SITE EVENT - 25TH MARCH 2023 - REGISTER YOUR INTEREST TODAY!** Plot 12 - The Douglas-Firr is a Stunning Five Bedroom Home, set within the Hamptons Country Park, this executive home offers contemporary modern living with views over the lake."
FREEHOLD INVESTMENT! PORTFOLIO OF PROPERTIES. Situated close to local amenities and easy access to popular schools and close to the City Centre and Train Station. 2 x 3 BEDROOM HOMES and 3 CONVERTED HOUSES to 6 ONE BEDROOM FLATS. Please call for further information.
"**BEHIND THE SCENES ON SITE EVENT - 25TH MARCH 2023 - REGISTER YOUR INTEREST TODAY!** Live the dream at The Hamlets, Plot 17 - The Douglas-Firr is a Stunning Five Bedroom Home, set within the Hamptons Country Park, this executive home offers contemporary modern living with views over the lake."
"A well-established and extended four bedroom detached property set on a substantial plot on the sought after Road of Thorpe Avenue in Peterborough, boasting a wealth of character throughout and beautifully landscaped mature gardens."
"This executive detached family home offers FIVE BEDROOMS with FOUR BATH/SHOWER ROOMS upstairs, whilst downstairs the property benefits from THREE RECEPTION ROOMS and a stunning kitchen with centre island. "
RARE OPPORTUNITY - LINCOLN HOUSE - LARGE PLOT - STUNNING DETACHED PROPERTY - NO CHAIN - REMOTE SETTING - PRIVATELY GATED ACCESS - HIGH SPEC FINISH - DETACHED HOME OFFICE - VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - PERFECT SETTING - TWO EN SUITE BEDROOMS - FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS - MUST SEE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION P...
"A rare opportunity to acquire the south wing of a beautifully presented Grade II* listed former rectory which is believed to be the third oldest building in Peterborough, dating from the 13th century. Situated in a woodland setting of a private development comprising of six individual homes."
"Mandairs is pleased to offer this beautifully presented 6 bedroom detached house in the sought after location of The Village in Orton Longueville. Providing a 22ft lounge, a 25ft open plan kitchen/diner, air conditioning, a double garage, off road parking for several cars and adapted living access."
"A stunning stone family home that has been lovingly extended to provide the best of modern living, it comprises an entrance hall, two reception rooms, and a large open-plan kitchen/breakfast/family room with French doors onto a patio/entertaining area. A utility room, WC and closet complete the g..."
"Set on the tree-lined street of Broadway Gardens and offering over 2500 sqft of internal living accommodation across three floors, this outstanding family home is offered for sale with no onward chain."
"A beautifully presented five bedroom detached property in the sought after location of Werrington set on a large plot. Briefly comprising of 5 bedrooms, 3 reception rooms, 2 en-suites, 2 further bathrooms, converted garage, large gardens, driveway and gated access"
"A stunning, extended, detached four bedroom family home in a prime city location with glorious open-plan kitchen/family room with bi-fold doors to a West-facing garden. NO ONWARD CHAIN. Contact our office to register for further details or to book a viewing appointment."
"Strike is pleased to present this property in Peterborough. An architect-designed, brand-new detached home, built in stone, with spacious Double Garage in the beautiful hamlet of Chesterton on the outskirts of Peterborough.  Set back from the Oundle Road and approached through a mature..."
"An attractive Grade II listed detached stone and Collyweston house (1765) with gated driveway and parking, with a substantial stone outbuilding providing garaging"
"**BEHIND THE SCENES ON SITE EVENT - 25TH MARCH 2023 - REGISTER YOUR INTEREST TODAY!** Plot 15 -The Birch a Stunning Four Bedroom Home, This community of executive homes offer a contemporary modern living style."
"Nestled within a private road, this bespoke self-built home is striking and unique in every sense of the word. If you are looking for something special, then look no further."
"This stunning, five bedroom, heavily extended, detached family house, offers a self contained one bedroom annex and a huge range of flexible family living."
"***CALLING ALL INVESTORS AND FIRST TIME BUYERS*** Situated in a central part of Peterborough, which offers convenient access to the City Centre, train station, amenities, schooling, College & the Central Town Park. Features include TWO RECEPTION ROOMS. Viewings highly recommended."
"4 DOUBLE BEDROOM detached family home OVERLOOKING GREEN.The home comprises of Entrance Hall, 21FT Lounge, Dining Room, WC, Kitchen/breakfast Room and Utility Room. The first floor has 4 DOUBLE bedroom, bathroom and re-fitted ensuite. There is a GENEROUS REAR GARDEN, Driveway and DOUBLE GARAGE. Vi..."
A rare opportunity to purchase a Grade II listed stone-built former farmhouse (in need of renovation) together with adjoining stone barns for conversion into two spacious detached dwellings. In a sought-after conservation village. (Ref: 8543B).
A rare opportunity to purchase a Grade II listed stone-built former farmhouse (in need of renovation) together with adjoining stone barns for conversion into two spacious detached dwellings. In a sought-after conservation village. (Ref: 8543N).
"Based in popular Netherton, this modern Eight bedroom extended home is walking distance from Jack Hunt school, Long Thorpe Primary and Nursery Care. Fully supported by local shops, amenities and Peterborough City Hospital it is also within easy reach to the City with it quick Road and Rail links."
*MUST VIEW * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this detached home located in Farcet Peterborough . This property sits on a large plot with potential for business use / development. The current owners are happy to negotiate dividing the property depending on buying preferences. Viewings...
"An extended beautifully presented 5 bedroom home, in a central, sought-after location just off Westwood Park Road on Woodfield Road. Offering spacious accommodation throughout including a bespoke handcrafted kitchen, 4 reception rooms, and good-size gardens and driveway leading to a tandem garage."
"Welcome to The Old Rectory on Oundle Road, a Grade 2 listed building dating back to the 17th century with a unique history, set in the heart of Peterborough."
"Cherry Stones sits on a prominent plot on Cherry Orton Road, in Orton Waterville. Built in the late 1970's and using the original stonework from the old farmhouse, this five bedroom detached home is an ideal family home."
"Strike is pleased to present this impressive property located in a sought-after location of Peterborough, within walking distance of Ferry Meadows.  The property offers versatile accommodation set over four floors.  To the front of the property is a large private driveway leading to ..."
"Situated in a Central part of Peterborough, this must see property offers easy access to motor way links, amenities, schooling, Peterborough Regional College, transport links, Peterborough town park and located a short distance away from the main City Centre and train station."
This executive style detached property located in one of the most sought after areas of Peterborough off a private shared drive and close to ferry meadow's park and allowing easy access to Peterborough city centre. This property would be ideal for the family!
"*** PEACEFULLY SITUATED FAMILY HOME WITH A GORGEOUS PRIVATE REAR GARDEN *** Desirably positioned next to woodland is this corner plotted executive family home. Featuring a lavish private landscaped garden, high specification summer house and an exceptional entrance hall, is this..."
"Mandairs is pleased to offer this beautiful family home to the market. The property benefits from having a commercial licence, four double bedrooms, a 24ft lounge, an open plan kitchen/dining area, a double garage and a driveway via remote electric gate. Situated on a large plot with outbuil..."
"SOLD VIA SECURE SALE ONLINE BIDDING. TERMS & CONDITIONS APPLY: STARTING BID £640,000 We are delighted to offer FOR AUCTION this property Built in the 1940's, this beautiful DETACHED FOUR BEDROOMED family home is set upon a plot size of approximately 0.41 acres. This striking ..."
"Being sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £640,000."
City & County are excited to present this brilliant FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED executive family home located in a quiet cul-de-sac in Orton Northgate and decorated to a high standard! This property would be perfect for a growing family or someone looking for plenty of space to enjoy. The property ...
"***CALLING ALL INVESTORS, MUST BE VIEWED *** *** THREE X 1 BED FLATS & ONE x 2 BED FLAT - PLANNING WAS GRANTED FOR 2 COMMERCIAL UNITS ON THE GROUND FLOOR******FOUR APARTMENTS*** | 2 COMMERCIAL UNITS | INVESTORS' DELIGHT | TERRACED | DECEPTIVELY LARGE | CENTRAL PETERBOROUGH LOCATION | SITUATED CL..."
"Detached property in Sunningdale. Property comprises in brief; entrance hall, cloakroom, study, lounge, open dining area, kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, double garage, four double bedrooms, open landing, en suite shower and family bathroom, Front & rear gardens. No Forwarding Chain."
"Guide Price (£600,000 - £650,000) Offered for sale with no onward chain. Make yourself at home at Holywell Close. "
"Based Just off Thorpe Road, this immaculately presented 4 bedroom home has been extended and much improved. Includes some lovely features, Log burner, Tiered Garden, Office, Music Room and modern Kitchen and Bathrooms. Close to the Peterborough School, Shops and West Town Primary Academy."
This Grade 2 listed beautiful character Georgian property boasts accommodation over 3 floors and is in a prominent spot in Orton Waterville.
"***Offered with no forward chain!***This is a UNIQUE DETACHED property that is currently being renovated into three separate apartments, however this can be changed to either commercial or residential use. It is conveniently positioned for local amenities, transport links, Itter Park and Peterbor..."
"A spacious and well presented detached bungalow, situated in the sought after area of South Bretton, Pelham Close. The property has spacious/flexible accomodation throughout, comprising of four bedrooms, two reception rooms, open plan kitchen/diner, ensuite/family bathroom and landscaped gardens."
"We welcome to the market this LARGE four bedroom DETACHED family home which is being sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN. This property benefits from having FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS, DRIVEWAY and DOUBLE GARAGE."
"***No Forward Chain!*** City & County are pleased to offer this fantastic opportunity to purchase this lovely THREE STOREY FAMILY HOME, within proximity to Hampton Centre. Situated in a desirable part of Peterborough, with several amenities close by, including Serpentine Green, easy access t..."
"Presented with period features and located on Park Road close to the city centre with all its amenities. This four bedroom Detached Chalet Bungalow comprises of entrance hall, living room. dining room, kitchen/diner, bathroom, shower room and four bedrooms."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this beautifully presented and immaculate detached bungalow, offering four bedrooms, double garage with off road parking, large rear garden and completely decorated to a very high standard. Located in the sought after location of Longthorpe."
Sharman Quinney are pleased to welcome this four bedroom detached family home which is located in Longthorpe. This property is well presented with a refitted kitchen and en-suite to master.
DETACHED HOUSE FOR SALE - FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS - FOUR BEDROOMS - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - IDEAL FAMILY HOME - DOUBLE GARAGE - MUST SEE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"* The Weaver * brand new & chain free home with a 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining & family room with doors to garden * DUAL ASPECT living room * utility room * EN SUITES to bedrooms 1 & 2 * dressing area to bedroom 1 * call us today for details on this home!"
"This unique 1957-designed three-bedroomed detached house is a much-loved family home, situated on an unusually large plot and featuring a contemporary open-plan kitchen-dining-living area, plus a further lounge, overlooking a well-kept south-facing garden."
"A beautifully presented, 1930's semi-detached family home, situated in the sought after central location of Westwood Park Road in Peterborough, close to the amenities and facilities of the city centre, including the main-line train station serviced with fast and frequent links into the Capital."
"An amazing detached property on Lockwood Way in the highly sought after Hampton Waters. In brief this property comprises of; entrance hall, living room, dining room, study, kitchen/breakfast room, utility area, master bedroom with en suite, two further double bedrooms, one single bedroom, family ..."
"Home 201 - The Birch is an outstanding detached family home, with a double garage and 2 parking spaces.
From the front-facing study/dining room and centrepiece sitting room the downstairs starts off with a bang. To the rear of the home, the kitchen, family, dining area is the showcase..."
"Being sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Guide Price £520,000 **Being Sold No upward chain ** Set in the heart of Werrington village and well placed with a great range of amenities close by and transport links into the centre of Peterborough is this deceptivel..."
"*LAKE VIEWS*  Plot 232 ***PART EXCHANGE* to The Oundle *** £12,997 stamp duty paid* if your a home mover**includes all flooring and carpets - Integrated garage, BRIGHT AND SPACIOUS INTEGRATED kitchen/dining room, FOUR PIECE FAMILY BATHROOM, en suite and dressing area to bedroom one, plus SEPAR..."
"Looking for a place to call home in Longthorpe? Then you may have just found it.A light and airy generously proportioned home with grounds to match, this detached home should be on your list of homes to view.Conveniently located with easy reach of sought-after Junior and Senior S..."
"Situated in the popular development of Sugar way is this deceptively large FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED family home. The property offers convenient access to the City Centre, Train Station, Schooling, Amenities, Green Wheel Cycle Paths. The property is located on the south side of Peterborough."
"*NO CHAIN* MUST VIEW* SUGAR WAY * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this five bedroom 3 storey detached home Located in Sugar Way Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, open plan kitchen/diner, family room, cloakroom, utility room, five bedrooms, 2 en-suites, family ..."
SOLD WITH NO CHAIN - FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - WALKING DISCTANCE TO CITY CENTRE - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - TWO RECEPTION ROOMS - PRIVATE REAR GARDEN - PARKING FOR THREE CARS - GARAGE - TO FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION CONTACT THE SALES TEAM ON
"Come and look at this unique FIVE BEDROOMED DETACHED family home located in a quiet cul-de-sac in Sugar Way. It is rare for these large three-storey properties to come to the market, and will be sure to sell quickly. The property is within walking distance to local primary schools, bus stops and ..."
"This four bedroom detached family home is set in the sough after area of South Bretton. This lovely home comprises of three reception rooms, four bedrooms and double garage."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this beautifully designed family home. This delightful property boasts over spacious accommodation throughout and benefits from a corner plot, situated down a quiet cul-de-sac. The potential with this property is endless to make it your own to suit your family's needs."
"This well-presented two-storey residence will impress the most astute of buyers. Positioned on a corner plot in a sought after location of Orton Brimbles, surrounded by other quality homes, it exudes a certain sophistication you will be delighted to share with friends and family."
"Beautifully presented three bedroom detached chalet style property in Mill Crescent, Orton Waterville. Benefitting from lots of internal space downstairs, large plot front to back and in very good decorative order throughout. This property must be viewed to be appreciated!"
"Sharman Quinney are delighted to offer this immaculate 5 bedroom property in the popular Sugar Way Development. This property benefits from off road parking, a converted garage and 5 large bedrooms with 2 en-suites."
*CUL-DE-SAC* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *5 DOUBLE BEDROOMS* *2 EN-SUITES* *STUDY* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 5 Double Bedroom Detached Family Home in the popular location of Cardea. The property is situated in a cul-de-sac close to local amenities and comprises: Entra...
"A fantastic detached property in a quiet location of Cardea briefly comprising of entrance hall, living room, open plan kitchen/dining room, ground floor WC utility room, study, five double bedrooms, two en suites, dressing area, family bathroom and double garage."
DESCRIPTION*MUST VIEW *Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this stunning five bedroom detached family home. This home is ideally situated to take advantage of the outdoor space Hampton has to offer with its super walks and lakes as well as a range of shops at Serpentine Green. Internally...
"TWO BEDROOM TERRACED HOMEThis home has an Entrance Hall, WC, Lounge and a KitchenUpstairs, there are 2 DOUBLE BEDROOMS and a Family BathroomOutside there is a rear Garden and ALLOCATED PARKING FOR TWO VEHICLES"
"Firmin & Co present this beautiful 5 bedroom detached family home with lake views on County Road, Hampton Vale. In brief the property comprises of; entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility room, five double bedrooms, two en-suites, family bathroom and a double garage."
This FIVE/SIX BEDROOM detached family home with DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE is located on the desirable Sugar Way development and comprises over 1800 SQUARE FEET of living space. Must be viewed to be fully appreciated.
"*** GUIDE PRICE £480,000 - £500,000*** Situated within close proximity to Peterborough City Centre, City and County are excited to market this Immaculate, four-bedroom detached property. This property has recently been renovated and is now in an immaculate condition. The property is ready to move..."
"*** Guide Price £480,000 - £500,000*** City and County are extremely excited to market this four-bedroom detached property located in a desirable area of Longthorpe. With easy access to schools, Peterborough City Centre, local pubs and restaurants, this property is a perfect family home. "
"In brief this property on Magistrates Road, Hampton Vale comprises of entrance hall, kitchen, study, ground floor WC and living room, four bedrooms, two en suites, family bathroom, garden, garage and parking. Early viewing is essential!"
"Set in a quiet cul de sac in Sugar way, this HANDSOME FIVE BEDROOM HOME is over THREE FLOORS and offers great good space for a larger family. Sugar way is well supported with Schools, Shops and has quick access to the City with its excellent rail links. Viewings highly recommended."
"This stunning three storey, five bedroom detached house situated on the popular East Water Crescent. The property offers spacious flexible accommodation and is presented to a very high standard. Call today to arrange a viewing!"
"Established detached bungalow sits on a plot area of .24 acres on a corner plot with good sized gardens to front, side & rear, the accommodation comprises of Entrance porch, l/shaped entrance hall with doors to, Lounge opening to the dining area, door to fitted kitchen, door to inner lobby with d..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £475,000 - £500,000***This detached family home is situated close to the city centre and is being sold with no forward chain. The property benefits from opening plan living, off road parking and a good size rear garden."
"***OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN*** City & County are excited to present this unique FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED character home, located in central Peterborough. These properties very rarely come to the market and would be a perfect buy for a growing family! Within walking distance to local amenit..."
"VIEWING ESSENTIAL….well presented and recently improved family home situated in a popular cul-de-sac location. Benefits from FOUR BEDROOMS, en-suite to master, open plan kitchen/diner/family area and study/bedroom. Outside continues with OFF ROAD PARKING and enclosed rear garden."
"We are happy to present this beautiful FOUR BEDROOMED Detached home located in the very desirable cul-de-sac location of NETHERTON, on a large plot. Proximity to Peterborough City Centre, and easy access to local amenities. A perfect property for a growing family looking for their forever home! <..."
STUNNING FAMILY HOME WITH BAR/GAMES ROOM - This 5 bedroom detached family home which is close to the city centre and train station while also in catchment for good schools and other local amenities....
"This extended four bedroom detached home sits on a generous corner plot in the desirable location of Orton Waterville. Tucked away in the corner of a cul-de-sac, the property has been extended and improved by its current owners."
"A well-presented and spacious detached family home situated in South Bretton. This beautiful home benefits from a large open plan contemporary kitchen/family/dining room, four good-sized bedrooms with an en-suite to the master and bedroom two benefiting from a dressing area."
"Built in 2016, this modern four bedroom home, set over three floors, offers stylish family living and easy walking distance access to the City with its quick Rail links to London. With lovely features including two En suites and pretty rear Garden"
"VIEWING ESSENTIAL….well-presented executive family home situated in a popular cul-de-sac location. Benefits from FOUR BEDROOMS, en-suite to master, lounge, kitchen, dining room and study/bedroom. Outside continues with OFF ROAD PARKING and enclosed rear garden."
"Looking for your next family home in a very sort after area? Purplebricks are pleased to present this spacious detached family home located in the popular area of Hampton. The property comprises of gas central heating, double glazing, open plan modern kitchen diner, garage cloakroom, four dou..."
SHOP/FLATS FOR SALE - FREEHOLD - AMAZING OPPORTUNITY - POTENTIAL TO CONVERT TO RESIDENTIAL (STP) - COMMERCIAL OPPORTUNITY - SOLD WITH NO CHAIN - MUST SEE - VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - CONTCACT OUR SALES TEAM FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
This stunning property is a perfect family home set over 3 storeys with ample accommodation also offering office space for working from home.
"Looking for the perfect detached family home, nestled off the beaten track in the desirable area of Hampton? Welcome to Tudor Avenue, this well presented four double bedroom detached property has all the room you could ever want for a larger grown family. Upon entry, you will find a good size ..."
Tortoise Property are delighted to offer this detached five bedroom property situated in the new Mallards Cala Homes development in Hampton Vale.
*SHOW HOME FOR SALE* *THOUSANDS OF POUNDS OF UPGRADES AND EXTRAS* *STUDY* *KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM* *DRIVEWAY & DOUBLE GARAGE* *NO CHAIN* Regal Park are pleased to offer this Show Home For Sale in the popular location of Hampton Water. The property was built by Bovis Homes and is known as ...
"Situated in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC, is this perfect FIRST TIME BUY or INVESTMENT property. Offers easy access to amenities, transport links and schooling. The property also gives easy access to motor way links. Viewings highly recommended."
*CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *POPULAR ESTATE* *WALKING DISTANCE TO CITY CENTRE AND TRAIN STATION* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 4/5 Bedroom Detached Family Home in the popular location of Sugar Way. The property is situated close to local amenities and is within walking di...
"Looking for the perfect family home situated in the popular area of Hampton? Buckthorn Road will tick all your boxes! This 4 Double bedroom property immaculately presented with some superb internal improvements. Upon entry, you will notice the high end, fully fitted kitchen with complete open..."
"* NO CHAIN * CLOSE TO HAMPTON GARDENS SCHOOL * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this five bedroom detached home located in Hampton Gardens Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall,  lounge, kitchen/diner, cloakroom, utility room, five bedrooms, en-suite shower room, family bat..."
"This perfect family home sits in a quiet and popular location in Longthorpe, Peterborough, offering easy access to Peterborough City Centre, Train Station and local travel links including the A47. The property offers spacious open plan living downstairs, good sized bedroom space upstairs, a singl..."
A charming detached Victorian four bedroom family home with a beautiful landscaped garden near the city centre. NO ONWARD CHAIN. Contact our office to register for further details & to book a viewing appointment. 
"Featuring a bespoke, luxury, 6 Bed Semi-Detached HMO Property.A Turnkey HMO investment.Royal blue and gold theme with five bedsit and one en-suite room fully furnished. Including a communal kitchen and garden in the property."
"Desirably located with lake views to the front, this detached family home comprises: Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Utility Room, Lounge, Dining/Study Room, 5 Bedrooms, Master with Dressing Area and En-Suite, Family Bathroom, Shower Room, Driveway, Garage and Gardens"
"This stunning, newly refurbished investment project will produce in excess of £49,560 in rent, per annum! Renovated in January 2023, this turnkey HMO investment on Dickens Street is almost fully tenanted and producing a passive rental income."
"Boasting a great sized corner plot, stunning kitchen diner with garden views and four versatile bedrooms, this unique property in a village setting close to the city of Peterborough could mark the next chapter of your family's story! Book a viewing via our website or call anytime, we're 24/7!"
"Situated in a sought after location of Peterborough, in a quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC of Orton Wistow. The property offers easy access to Ferry Meadows Country Park, transport links, amenities, schooling, Nene Railway and golf course. Features include DOUBLE GARAGE and CONSERVATORY."
"Looking for a Substantial Home on a Substantial Plot? Then you may have just found it!Set over THREE FLOORS this FIVE BEDROOM home also offers TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, a large KITCHEN BREAKFAST ROOM, UTILITY, CLOAKROOM, THREE BATHROOMS, and a DOUBLE GARAGE. Complimenting this sp..."
"This beautifully presented family home offers a ready to move in to 5 bed house with 2 en-suites, large kitchen/dining area, plenty of off-road parking and a good sized garden."
"The Kielder is a five-bedroom detached family home that’s perfect for modern living with an open-plan kitchen/family room, a living room, a dining room, a downstairs WC and a utility room with outside access. Upstairs, bedroom one has its own en suite and there’s a bathroom and a storage cupboard."
"Hudson Homes estate agents are delighted to present this extended and detached family bungalow, situated in the popular area of Ridgeway in Stanground, close to local facilities, amenities and transport links. The property offers spacious and versatile accommodation throughout."
"This is an excellent family home offering spacious accommodation on the popular Sugar Way development which has a wide range of amenities itself, yet which is only a short walk to Peterborough city centre. The house has 5 bedrooms and features an ensuite to the master bedroom. The lounge is well..."
"Purple bricks welcomes a fantastic 5 bed detached property in excellent condition. This lovely home is now for sale it’s in a great location close to local schools in Hampton along with all the local amenities. Only a year old and with 9 years left from a total 10 years NHBC warranty period ,..."
"Large detached & extended home in Royston Avenue, Orton Longueville. Benefitting from a double storey side extension, single storey ground extension to the front & rear, creating ample rooms downstairs and four bedrooms upstairs. Sat on a generous plot, this property must be viewed to be appreci..."
"A Rare opportunity to purchase this detached bungalow on Stanground marina. The property consist of a private mooring situated at the rear of the garden. Brilliant size plot, this desirable Detached Home is situated on a quiet road and the accommodation comprises of a large driveway leading t..."
"** EXECUTIVE 5 BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY WITH DOUBLE GARAGE  ** Belvoir are pleased to bring to the market this spacious 5 bedroom property situated in the sought after location of Sugar Way. This stunning property boasts TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, separate utility, FIVE good sized bedrooms wit..."
"Situated in a desirable residential VILLAGE of Orton Waterville. The property oozes character providing a real rural feel. The property has easy access to transport links, schooling, the Orton Meadows Golf Course, Ferry Meadows Country Park, Garden Centre & Sports & the green wheel cycle paths."
"£450,000 - £495,000 (Guide Price) This uniquely designed, four/five-bedroom detached family home is located in a quiet cul-de-sac within the heart of Werrington Village, with easy access to all the amenities the area offers. The property offers over 1675 sqft of accommodation on two levels..."
Set on the corner of a quiet cul-de-sac this executive detached family home boasts spacious living accommodation throughout and is located in the ever popular Hampton Hargate.
"RECEIVE A £18,000 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS EITHER YOUR MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR MOVING COSTS. PLUS, A FULLY INTEGRATED KITCHEN UPGRADE AND FLOORING THROUGHOUT, INCLUDING AMTICO TO SELECTED ROOMS WORTH OVER £10,000. ***SAVE OVER £28,000***. The Drummond is a spacious detached home offering a fantastic liv..."
*PLOT 8 THE DRUMMOND* *BRAND NEW* *LOCATED ON A PRIVATE DRIVE WITH JUST 4 OTHER HOMES* *POPULAR LOCATION* *MODERN DEVELOPMENT* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* *INCENTIVES* *MORTGAGE ADVICE* *CALL US ON TO BOOK YOUR RESERVATION* The Drummond is a popular 4 Doub...
"An exclusive development of 5 brand new, contemporary homes, meticulously designed for modern family living. Built to a premium specification, Bosch appliances, quartz worktops, underfloor heating, Hive home technology and electric car chargers are all included as standard."
"Situated in a central part of Peterborough, which is in close proximity of City Centre, Trans station, Hospital, amenities, and transport links. Also offers easy access to the Peterborough rowing lake. Features include FOUR BEDROOMS, EN-SUITE & GARAGE."
This immaculate EXTENDED detached family home is situated at the end of this no-through road on an enviable plot with a DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE and PRIVATE SOUTHERLY-FACING GARDEN to the rear.
"This stunning, newly refurbished investment project will produce in excess of £46,500 in rent, per annum! Renovated in January 2023, this turnkey HMO investment on Mayors Walk is almost fully tenanted and producing a passive rental income."
"* The Sculptor * brand new, chain free & energy efficient home with a 10 year NHBC warranty * OPEN PLAN kitchen & dining room * DUAL ASPECT living room * study * TWO sets of French doors to garden * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * modern throughout * PAY NO AGENT FEES if you have a home to sell^ * call us!"
"Well presented throughout is this detached family home located in the PE3 area. The property offers four bedrooms, three reception rooms and fitted wardrobes and en suite to master bedroom. Accommodation comprises cloakroom, separate utility room, 6m kitchen/dining room with integrated appliances"
"***GUIDE PRICE £430,000 to £450,000**** City & County are excited to present this MODERN, Four Double Bedroom DETACHED family home situated within the popular development of Sugar Way. The property conveniently offers easy access to amenities, transport links, Peterborough City centre, train stat..."
* Close to Railway Station & City Centre * Four Reception Rooms * Double Garage & Double Width Driveway to Rear *  Cloakroom/Bathroom/En-Suite * Dressing Room & Walk-In Wardrobe to Bedroom One * Replacement Worcester Bosch Boiler 2021 * Total Floor Area 179 Square Me...
"Driffield Way is an Individual Detached Family Home located on the British sugar Estate, just off the Oundle Road with easy access to Peterborough City Centre and with shops and schools close by. The Brick built Property was built circa 2006 and occupies a generous plot and the accommodation boasts "
"***SAVE OVER £28,000*** | CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION I Receive a £18,000 contribution towards either your mortgage, deposit or moving costs. Plus, a fully integrated kitchen upgrade and flooring throughout, including Amtico to selected rooms worth over £10,000. The Millford is a popular four bedroom hom..."
*PLOT 7 THE MILFORD* *BRAND NEW* *LOCATED ON A PRIVATE DRIVE SHARED WITH JUST 4 OTHER HOMES* *POPULAR LOCATION* *MODERN DEVELOPMENT* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* *INCENTIVES* *MORTGAGE ADVICE* *CALL US ON TO BOOK YOUR RESERVATION* The Millford is a popular ...
*PLOT 9 THE MILFORD* *BRAND NEW* *LOCATED ON A PRIVATE DRIVE SHARED WITH JUST 4 OTHER HOMES* *POPULAR LOCATION* *MODERN DEVELOPMENT* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* *INCENTIVES* *MORTGAGE ADVICE* *CALL US ON TO BOOK YOUR RESERVATION* The Millford is a popular ...
Looking for the perfect executive family home situated in a desirable location? Welcome to Fairhaven nestled in the sought after of Hampton situated south of Peterborough. When you arrive at the property you will notice the attention to detail in the fixtures and fittings and high-end upgrades ...
Situated in the ever popular Orton Wistow this beautifully presented detached family home boasts spacious and modern living accommodation for the whole family.
*CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *LARGE KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM* *STUDY* *2 EN-SUITES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 4 Bedroom Detached Family in the popular location of Hampton Vale. The property is situated close to local amenities and is within easy ...
"Connells are delighted to present this spacious Five Bedroom Detached house situated on the popular Kite Way . The property offers flexible living accommodation, is presented to a high standard throughout and is an ideal family home. Please call today to arrange a viewing!"
"Four Bedroom Detached Family Home With Double Garage Facing The Green This impressive family home is situated down a quiet cul de sac in Hampton Hargate offering two reception rooms, large conservatory, utility, four double bedrooms, en-suite and no onward chain."
"Four Double Bedroom House in Denmark Drive, a quiet cul-de-sac in Orton Waterville located off Lady Lodge Drive. This very well proportioned property sits at the bottom of a quiet residential cul-de-sac overlooking woodland to the front. Offering two reception rooms with additional conservatory,..."
"This Four bedroom detached home boasts contemporary and spacious living accommodation for all the family ,situated on a corner plot and located on the popular development of Hampton Gardens this property offers easy access to all local amenities."
This substantial detached family home offers spacious living accommodation for the whole family. Set in a quiet cul-de-sac location Denmark Drive is situated in the ever popular Orton Waterville.
"City and County welcome to the market this fantastic FOUR BEDROOMED Detached family home! The property offers versatile living and has a lovely flow walking through. It is located within a desirable quiet Cul-De-Sac in South Bretton, which offers easy access to local amenities and transport links..."
Looking for the perfect detached family home? Flexibility and room to grow are probably on your wish list if you’re looking for a family home so Fairhaven will be ticking all your boxes! The Corfe will be the answer. This better than new condition home offers multi-tasking living space that c...
"Immaculate Four Bedroom Home With Study, Two Reception Rooms, Utility and Generous Rear Garden Situated on the popular Hampton Gardens estate this property offers plenty of room for the growing family and is beautifully presented throughout. This is a must view to appreciate!"
"*MUST VIEW * HAMPTON GARDENS * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this beautiful five bedroom detached property in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, utility room,  cloakroom, five bedrooms, en-suite shower room, family bathroom, off road parking, garage, front ..."
"Well presented detached family home in The Orchards, Orton Waterville. Property comprises the following; entrance hallway, re-fitted WC, re-fitted kitchen/diner, living room & dining room. First floor; four bedrooms, re-fitted en-suite to master, family bathroom. Outside; to the front is a double..."
"Three bedroom, semi detached house located on Sherbourne Road. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge and dining room to the ground floor. Three bedrooms and bathroom on the first floor. Outside is an enclosed rear garden and to the front a driveway leading to garage. Call today!"
"*** Guide Price £425,000 - £450,000*** City & County are pleased to present this immaculately presented FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMED DETACHED FAMILY HOME, located in a desirable estate of Orton Southgate. The property is conveniently located within easy access to the motorway, Peterborough City Centre a..."
"In the desirable Botolph Green area of Peterborough, close to Peterborough city centre and Ferry Meadows Country Park, sits this spacious detached property. The ideal family home, the property benefits from an en entrance porch, open hallway with wooden flooring and stairs leading to the first fl..."
"BIGGER THAN IT LOOKS… 2755.58sqft. Set back from the road. Benefits from versatile living accommodation FIVE BEDROOMS, en-suite to master, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, kitchen/diner, utility, cloakroom, bathroom & shower room. Outside continues with OFF ROAD PARKING, garden and garage."
"City & County are excited to present this fantastic FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED family home, located in a quite cul-de-sac location of the desirable Hampton Gardens. Only a year old and still under warranty, this would make a perfect buy for a growing family! Within walking distance to local amenities,..."
"Set in the ever popular Sugar way Development this SIX BEDROOM detached property is a must view. This property benefits from having a double garage, off road parking and an enclosed rear garden."
"A fantastic 4 bedroom home on Aldermans Drive, Peterborough has just become available. The property briefly consists of Entrance Hallway, Separate Lounge and Dining Room as well as a spacious Kitchen/Diner Area. The ground floor also benefits from a Utility room and downstairs WC. The first floor..."
"Detached family home, well presented throughout, in the sought after area of Orton Southgate, within easy reach of the A1 and local amenities. The property offers four bedrooms, en suite, three reception rooms, refitted kitchen breakfast room, gas central heating, double glazing, enclosed garden to"
"THIS EXTENDED 3 BEDROOM FAMILY HOME IS SO VERSATILE AND BENEFITS FROM SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN - Sat a lovely location close to Itter Park, Walton, Peterborough is this stunning family home that has b..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £435,000*** to City and County are pleased to market this highly desirable, FOUR/FIVE-bedroom DETACHED property in a private cul-de-sac close to the centre of Peterborough, within walking distance to Peterborough train station. This property has recently been decorated ..."
"A beautifully presented detached property in the sought after location of Longthorpe with a good-sized rear garden, driveway, garage and owned solar panels. The property has spacious accommodation including kitchen, large sitting/dining room, four bedrooms, and family bathroom. The property is..."
"City and County are excited to bring to the market this established, 5 BEDROOM detached VICTORIAN home located within walking distance to Peterborough’s City Center. This home offers huge amounts of character and charm that would make a perfect up size for a large family or even an investor that ..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £420,000 - £430,000*** This EXTENDED detached family home sits in a prime CORNER PLOT position within a quiet cul-de-sac, benefiting from PREVIOUS PLANNING PERMISSION TO CREATE A FIVE BEDROOM HOME."
"Upgrades inside worth £12,067 including Premium kitchen with integrated Bosch appliances, shower package, wall tiles and flooring to the hallway, WC, Kitchen/dining, utility, family bathroom and ensuite.Home 210, The Chestnut is a stunning, 4 bedroom detached family home with a single..."
"Our latest development Hampton Woods brings a choice of 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5-bedroom properties to Hampton, a thriving and well-equipped area less than 3 miles south of the city centre.
Living at Hampton Woods you’ll benefit from a friendly community with many amenities just a few minutes’ ..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £420,000 - £430,000*** Bairstow Eves are delighted to present this beautiful EXTENDED detached family home which is situated in quiet cul-de-sac location in the sought after location of Longthrorpe. To the ground floor accommodation compromises of an en..."
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - THREE FLATS FOR SALE - PORTFOLIO PURCHASE - READY MADE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - TENANTS IN SITU - VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"*** Guide Price £400,000-£450,000*** City & County are pleased to market this unique and heavily extended detached chalet house situated on a large corner plot within a quiet cul-de-sac location. The accommodation offers both upstairs and downstairs bedrooms consisting of FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS in ..."
This EXTENDED & RENOVATED detached chalet is situated on a CORNER POSITION within a quiet cul-de-sac location.
Modern Detached House | Good Sized Family Home | Four Bedrooms | Two En-Suite Shower Rooms | Three Reception Rooms | Kitchen/Breakfast Room | Downstairs Cloakroom | Family Bathroom | Double Garage | Double Width Driveway | Enclosed Rear Garden| Set Back From Main Road
"A superbly presented four bedroom detached house ideal for the family comes with a separate dining room, conservatory and refitted kitchen breakfast room, downstairs cloakroom and En-suite to the master bedroom, double width driveway with single garage, located in a cul de sac location."
This EXTENDED detached chalet offers FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS and FLEXIBLE ACCOMMODATION to include both DOWNSTAIRS & UPSTAIRS BEDROOM & BATH/SHOWER ROOM facilities.
* Viewing Recommended * Total Floor Area 127 Square Metres * One Owner from New * Three Reception Rooms * Four Double Bedrooms * En-Suite & Jack n Jill En-suite * Bathroom & Cloakroom * Kitchen/Breakfast Room * Single Garage & Driveway Parking *  * Energy Rating B * Council Ta...
"**This well-established, detached family home which has four double bedrooms and is situated on a generous plot, is conveniently close to local amenities and transport routes nearby. It includes a side lobby, three reception rooms, a kitchen, separate cloakroom, a front and a large mature rear ga..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! We welcome to the market this five bedroom HMO which is currently tenanted and offers a good yield. This property is in a great location and within walking distance to the city centre, new university and train station."
BUILT IN 2016 - COMMUNAL ROOF TERRACE - FITTED KITCHEN WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES - IDEAL FTB / INVESTMENT - LIVE VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT - TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS - WALKING DISTANCE TO CITY CENTRE AND TRAIN STATION - FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM ON:
"*** FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** ""This six bedroom semi-detached house has been professionally converted into a very unique HMO. The current tenants keep the communal areas very clean, tidy and presented very well. In brief, the property comprises of six bedrooms, each bedroom having t..."
"Beautifully presented four bedroom detached house in Orton Southgate. Comprising of living room, re-fitted open kitchen/diner, downstairs WC and integral garage. First floor; four bedrooms, en-suite to master and family bathroom. Outside, low maintenance rear garden. Very well presented house not..."
"Based in popular Orton Southgate, this home sits at the end of a quiet Cul de sac. It is immaculately presented and offers modern Kitchen with integrated appliances. Close to both Lynch wood Business park and Ferry Meadows additionally easy access to the City and quick Road and Rail links."
"CLOSE TO EVERYTHING FAR FROM ORDINARY A true family home with five bedrooms, three receptions, two family bathrooms and two cloakrooms. Everything a family needs. Often requested, rarely available. Don't delay call today!"
"This stunning investment project produces in excess of £43,000 in rent, per annum! This turnkey HMO investment on Fellowes Road is already fully tenanted and producing a passive rental income."
"** FOUR BEDROOMS ** LINK DETACHED ** THREE RECEPTION ROOMS ** GARAGE ** Situated in the highly sought after location of Longthorpe with easy access to local amenities, schools, City Centre and Train Station"
"A spacious detached family home located in Hampton Vale with MOTIOVATED SELLER. The property offers four bedrooms, two reception rooms, en suite to master bedroom, utility room to modern kitchen, landing with Juliet balcony, double garage, double width driveway, garden to rear, gas central heating "
"Two Reception Rooms, Generous Garden And In Cul De Sac Location This property benefits from two reception rooms, kitchen diner, ensuite to master, garage and off road parking. With its good sized rear garden it makes an ideal family home! Call to view today!"
"This detached chalet sits on a SUPERB CORNER PLOT offering flexible accommodation to include THREE/FOUR BEDROOMS and TWO/THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, as well as a GARAGE & PARKING to the rear."
"VILLAGE LIFE A fantastic opportunity to live in the heart of Werrington Village. This three bedroom property retains many original features and viewings are highly advised, please call to register your interest."
"OPEN HOUSE - Friday 17th March, contact us for details. OPEN HOUSE FRIDAY 17/03/2022 Beautifully presented detached, four bedroom home. Ground floor - entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, rear hallway and pantry. 1st floor, four bedrooms and bathroom, r..."
THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME! The property enjoys easy access to both Peterborough City Centre & local Train Station. Close proximity to local Amenities as well as both Primary & Secondary Schools. Extended & well-presented home.
"***SAVE OVER £27,000***. RECEIVE A £18,000 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS EITHER YOUR MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR MOVING COSTS. PLUS A FULLY INTEGRATED KITCHEN UPGRADE AND FLOORING THROUGHOUT WORTH OVER £9,000 | OVERLOOKING GREEN OPEN SPACE. The Oakham is a four bedroom home featuring an open-plan kitchen and din..."
"***SAVE OVER £19,000*** | FINAL PLOT OVERLOOKING LAKE | FINAL RUTLAND STYLE HOME. RECEIVE A £12,000 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS EITHER YOUR MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR MOVING COSTS. PLUS A FULLY INTEGRATED KITCHEN UPGRADE AND FLOORING THROUGHOUT WORTH OVER £7,000. Detached home with detached garage and private..."
"*NO CHAIN* MUST VIEW* Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this three bedroom detached bunglaow located in Hyholmes Bretton Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, dinig room, kitchen/breakfast room, three bedrooms, bathroom, lean too, double garage, off road parking, NO..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN on this FOUR bedroom detached home in the sought after area of Werrington in a cul de sac location. The property offers spacious living accommodation and benefits from gas central heating, four bedrooms, ensuite two reception rooms, kitchen breakfast room with utility, "
"**Secure your spring move with our INCENTIVE PACKAGES. The Madeley - SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/family room, LARGE sitting room, EN SUITE bedroom one, garage and finished to a quality specification. VIRTUAL TOUR available."
"Link detached home offered for sale with NO FORWARD CHAIN and having potential to extend STPP. The property benefits from five bedrooms, two bathrooms, two reception rooms, kitchen breakfast room, large garden to rear and driveway to car port providing parking for three vehicles and single garage. "
"Sitting on a generous corner plot in a quiet cul-de-sac location, this detached house is the ideal long-term family home and all available with No Forward Chain! The property features a spacious entrance hall laid with laminate flooring, a two-piece tiled cloakroom, a living room with firepla..."
"High specification penthouse flat situated on the thriving development of Clarkson House, Fletton Quays, just a short walk to restaurants, the Embankment, train station and many other local amenities. Benefiting from a private wrap around balcony with outstanding views over the River Nene."
"*Unexpectedly Back On The Market & Available To View Immediatly* Well presented detached family home in Five Arches, Orton Wistow. Benefitting from three reception rooms downstairs, kitchen/breakfast room, rear conservatory. First floor; four bedrooms, en-suite shower room and re-fitted shower ro..."
"*** 5 BEDROOM HMO WITH A CURRENT RENTAL INCOME OF £40,500 PER ANNUM! *** '' Are you an investor looking to expand your portfolio into Peterborough? This ready made HMO sounds like the ideal property for you! With all rooms currently let out, this 5 bedroom property brings in a curre..."
"*NO CHAIN* Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this four bedroom detached home located in Hempsted Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge,kitchen/diner, utility room, four bedrooms, en-suite shower room, bathroom, garage, off road parking, MUST VIEW.  "
"Beautifully presented detached & extended bungalow in Latham Avenue, Orton Longueville. Highly improved to provide spacious room sizes throughout, fantastic open plan re-fitted kitchen/diner and re-fitted bathroom- this bungalow must be viewed to be appreciated!"
"City and County are pleased to present this fantastic well-presented SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME. Located in a desirable part of Netherton offering easy access to the Peterborough city hospital, schooling, amenities, transport links and the City Centre. Viewing is a must for this deceptively spacio..."
"This stunning, newly refurbished investment project produces in excess of £40,500 in rent, per annum!Renovated in November 2022, this turnkey HMO investment on Fellowes Road is already fully tenanted and producing a passive rental income."
"***SAVE OVER £26,000***. CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS YOUR MORTGAGE OR DEPOSIT OR MOVING COSTS. FULLY INTEGRATED KITCHEN UPGRADE. FLOORING THROUGHOUT. Contemporary style semi-detached 4 double bedroom home *Lounge with French doors onto the west facing garden* Flexible three storey living *Corner plot wi..."
"*PLOT 10 THE PARKIN* *BRAND NEW* *POPULAR LOCATION* *MODERN DEVELOPMENT* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* *INCENTIVES* *MORTGAGE ADVICE* *CALL US ON TO BOOK YOUR RESERVATION* Designed over three floors, the Parkin creates a home for flexible modern family livin..."
"Immaculate detached family home in the sought after location of Netherton within close proximity to City Centre, schools and shops. Accommodation comprises four bedrooms, en suite to master bedroom, two reception rooms, kitchen with integrated appliances, utility room, cloakroom and family bathroom"
"*MUST VIEW* GUNTHORPE LOCATION * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this four bedroom detached home located in Gunthorpe Peterborough in biref entrance hall, lounge, dining room, cloakroom, kitchen/breakfats room, utility room, four bedrooms, en-suite shower room, family bathroom, doubl..."
"£385,000 - £405,000 (Guide Price) This extended four-bedroom detached house is situated in a fantastic location off Eastfield Road, close to Peterborough City Centre and transport links. The property offers over 1500 sqft of accommodation on two levels..."
"The Property is a detached 4 bedroom home which has enjoyed a beautiful two storey side extension and ground floor rear extension, completed some four years ago. The ground floor rear extension has triple glazed bi-folding doors, triple glazed windows and two motorized large Velux roof lights wit..."
"**INVESTORS ONLY** Smart Move are delighted to offer for sale, this recently renovated, semi detached property in West Town, Peterborough. Converted into 5 self contained studios which all included kitchenettes and en-suites with a communal kitchen and gardens, this property is an ideal buy."
"*** SUPERB EXTENDED FAMILY HOME WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ***"" Nestled in a cul-de-sac is this well positioned property which has been improved to a high standard. Briefly comprising of an entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, lounge and a stunning open plan kitchen/diner/ family area, with bifold d..."
"*NEW PRICE* Four bedroom detached house in Lidgate Close, a sought after road within Botolph Green. Property comprises; entrance hallway, dining room/office, kitchen/breakfast room, downstairs WC, living room and conservatory. First floor; four bedrooms, en-suite and family bathroom. Viewings hig..."
"A beautiful four bedroom detached family home, located in the popular area of Hampton Hargate, close to lakes, schools and local amenities. This property, set back on a private road, compromises of a large entrance hall, study, cloakroom, open kitchen/diner and separate utility area. The lounge lead"
*** PORTFOLIO OPPORTUNITY *** Belvoir are delighted to bring to the market this rare opportunity to purchase a property portfolio which includes 4x two bedroom apartments situated in the centrally located Hadrians court and Stagshaw drive. Properties sold with tenants in situ.PLEASE CON...
"** FOUR BEDROOMS ** EXTENDED ** SEMI DETACHED ** TWO RECEPTIONS ** RE-FURBISHED ** THREE BATHROOMS ** EN-SUITE ** Situated on the highly sought after Queens Gardens with easy access to local amenities, schools, City Centre, Train Station and the A47"
"Mandairs is pleased to present this extended family home to the market. Set on a large plot this property provides two reception rooms, downstairs shower room and upstairs bathroom, ample built-in storage, a garage/workshop space with power and lighting, is chain free and is close to the City Centre"
"Hudson Homes are delighted to offer this detached family home ideal for a growing family located within walking distance to the City Centre. The property comprises an extended family room, living room, kitchen and shower room Upstairs three bedrooms and a family bathroom."
"Five bedroom detached property in the popular Cardea Estate. Ground floor - Entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room and kitchen. 1st floor - Four bedrooms, en-suite to bedroom two and bathroom. Second floor - Master bedroom and en-suite. Outside rear garden, driveway leading to tandem garage."
"The Ingleby is a modern four-bedroom home. The ground floor features an open-plan kitchen with dining and family areas, French doors lead out onto the garden. The first floor features two double bedrooms, the main bedroom with an en suite, the main bathroom and two single bedrooms; transform one ..."
"***SAVE OVER £19,000*** I OVERLOOKING GREEN OPEN SPACE I WALKING DISTANCE TO TEARDROP LAKE I DRIVEWAY PARKING FOR TWO CARS. RECEIVE A £12,000 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS EITHER YOUR MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR MOVING COSTS. PLUS A FULLY INTEGRATED KITCHEN UPGRADE AND FLOORING THROUGHOUT WORTH OVER £7,000. Open..."
"* ANNEXE GENERATING £700 PER MONTH * MUST VIEW * NO CHAIN* Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM CHARACTER BAY FRONTED FAMILY HOME. This deceptively spacious property is a must see. The accommodation offers easy access to the city centre, train station, amenities..."
" This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase this lovely well presented EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM CHARACTER BAY FRONTED FAMILY HOME. This deceptively spacious property is a must to see. The accommodation offers easy access to the city centre, train station, amenities, transport links and schooli..."
"VILLAGE LIFE A rare opportunity to purchase a detached three bedroom bungalow in Werrington Village .The property benefits from three bedrooms, lounge, kitchen, utility, conservatory, shower room and cloakroom. The generous gardens, garage and off road parking make this a perfect property."
MOVE IN NOW. 5% deposit paid when you reserve today. Flooring included. .Plus you only need a 5% deposit using our Deposit Unlock scheme.* *Speak to our sales team for more details. T&Cs apply. Offer on selected plots only.
This four bedroom detached property located on the Hampton vale development has been upgraded by the current vendors with a refitted kitchen breakfast room and boasts contemporary and spacious living accommodation and within easy reach to the local amenities.
This recently renovated three bedroom detached bungalow sits on a 0.18 acre plot. This has come to market with no forward chain and also has potential to extend or add outbuilding due to plot size (STP)
"Sharman Quinney are pleased to welcome to the market this generous sized four bedroom detached property located in the popular Sugar Way Development. Located a mile from the train station and city centre, close to local amenities and schools. This property is an ideal family home."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN ON THIS TUCKED AWAY 4 DOUBLE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME WITH A SPACIOUS REAR GARDEN - located in a popular residential location of Orton Northgate, close links to the A1 and with Ferry Meado..."
"This detached family home sits on a superb CORNER POSITION at the end of this quiet cul-de-sac, offering four bedrooms, three reception rooms and an abundance of parking on the BRAND NEW DRIVEWAY."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this 4 bedroom detached house to the market in the sought after location of Springfield. Ideal for a family, this property is well presented with a garage and driveway, this one is not to be missed and needs to be seen to be appreciated. Call or email us to view."
"This detached bungalow occupies a lovely plot of approaching 1/5th acre, and whilst no planning application has been made, it is felt that there may be development potential. The bungalow is situated in the sought after Werrington Village part of Peterborough, and there are all amenities nearby...."
"4 Bedroom DETACHED family Home in the popular location of Hampton Vale with a SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN.The property comprises of: Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Dining Room, Lounge, Kitchen/Breakfast Room and a Utility Room.The first floor has the Master Bedroom with built in wardrobes and En-Suite, 3..."
"This MODERN DETACHED FAMILY HOME finds itself situated in the very popular area of Sugar Way and close to local amenities, shops and schools. The property benefits from UNDER FLOOR HEATING and a versatile range of accommodation including LOUNGE, DINING ROOM, KITCHEN/FAMILY ROOM, CLOAKROOM, UTILIT..."
"***Offered with No Forward Chain!*** This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase this lovely well-presented EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM CHARACTER BAY FRONTED FAMILY HOME. This deceptively spacious property is a must see. The accommodation offers easy access to the city centre, train station, amenit..."
"**Guide Price £375.000 -£400,000** Looking for the perfect family home in Peterborough? Look no further than this stunning 4-bedroom detached house, now available for sale! Located in a sought-after area of Peterborough, this spacious and beautifully presented property boasts fo..."
"This well presented four bedroom detached property situated close to schools and local amenities is the ideal property for the family with its dual aspect 26'.06"" x 8'.08 "" kitchen dining room."
"* NO CHAIN*  OPEN DAY FOR SATURDAY 11TH FEBRUARY 10:30AM - 11:30AM THIS PROPERTY MUST GO PLEASE CALL THE OFFICE TO CONFIRM APPOINTMENT * Next Move Estate Agents four bedroom detached home situated in the very popular area of Sugar Way and close to local amenities, shops and schools. The property ..."
"City & County are excited to offer this WELL-MAINTAINED family home located in a SOUGHT AFTER location offering easy access to local amenities, schooling and transport links. The property briefly comprises downstairs: entrance hall, BEDROOM, cloakroom, family bathroom, kitchen/dining room, utilit..."
SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - WALKING DISCTANCE TO CITY CENTRE - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - TWO RECEPTION ROOMS - PRIVATE REAR GARDEN - PARKING FOR THREE CARS - GARAGE - TO FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION CONTACT THE SALES TEAM ON
"*CUL-DE-SAC* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 4 Bedroom Detached Family Home in the popular location of Hampton Hargate. The property is situated in a cul-de-sac and is close to local amenities, Hampton Hargate Primary School ..."
Looking for your next family home situated down a quiet close? Nottingham Way will be ticking all your boxes! This versatile four bed family home is located close to local amenities in Dogsthorpe and has some great accommodation space for the whole family with plenty of parking to the front. I...
"Detached family home benefiting from four bedrooms, two reception rooms and located in a popular area. Accommodation comprises kitchen breakfast room, cloakroom, en suite to master bedroom, family bathroom, private enclosed rear garden and driveway with gated access leading to detached single garag"
"***Offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN*** City and County are pleased to present this desirable detached family home located within a quiet CUL-DE-SAC in South Bretton. The property benefits from being within proximity to local schooling, shops, transport links and local parks. This home would be perfe..."
"* The Fuller * brand new, chain free & energy efficient home with a 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * OPEN PLAN kitchen & dining room * dual aspect living room * utility room * study * TWO sets of doors to garden * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * call us today for details on these stunning homes!"
* Annexe Potential (STP) * Total Floor Area - 157 Square Metres * Oversized Garage & Large Shed * Ample Off Road Parking * Three Double Bedrooms * Cloakroom & Utility Room * Kitchen/Breakfast Room * Viewing Recommended *
"A superbly situated three/four bedroom detached home located in one of Werrington’s most favoured side roads. This attractive family home offers superbly appointed accommodation, finished to an exacting standard and has been extended to the side elevation."
"Well presented extended three bedroom detached house in the highly desirable area of Orton Waterville. Sat on a corner plot, the property offers potential to extend further (STP)."
This executive Barratt homes built four bedroom detached property constructed over three floors boasts spacious contemporary and versatile living accommodation located on the Hampton vale development.
"Positioned on a corner plot is this link detached family home located in the sought after area of Orton Waterville, The property offers 6m lounge with fireplace, kitchen breakfast room, conservatory, cloakroom, utility, three double bedrooms and three reception rooms. Outside a block paved drivew"
"***SAVE OVER £19,000*** I WALKING DISTANCE TO LAKES I RECEIVE A £12,000 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS EITHER YOUR MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR MOVING COSTS. PLUS A FULLY INTEGRATED KITCHEN UPGRADE AND FLOORING THROUGHOUT, WORTH OVER £7,000. Detached 4 bedroom home on the FINAL PHASE with driveway with parking for..."
"***SAVE OVER £19,000***. RECEIVE A £12,000 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS EITHER YOUR MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR MOVING COSTS. PLUS A FULLY INTEGRATED KITCHEN UPGRADE AND FLOORING THROUGHOUT, WORTH OVER £7,000. This detached home features a contemporary open-plan kitchen diner with French doors leading to the ga..."
HOUSE TO SELL? WE COULD BE YOUR CASH BUYER*. Detached garage with tandem parking for two cars. Open plan kitchen with French doors to your landscaped garden. Cloakroom and extra storage space. Upstairs you have two double bedrooms and two single bedrooms or flexible space. Your main bedroom is fi...
"2/3 bedroom detached bungalow in The Gannocks, a highly sought after road in Orton Waterville. This rarely available property comprises; entrance hallway, lounge, fitted kitchen with space for appliances, re-fitted shower room and separate WC. Conservatory off the back of bedroom three. Garage an..."
Haart Estate Agents proud to offer for sale this four bedroom detached house situated in the sought after location of Bretton
"The PERFECT FAMILY HOME! Situated in a CUL-DE-SAC in the POPULAR LOCATION of Dunsberry, offering SPACIOUS living areas, four DOUBLE BEDOOMS and just minutes from many LOCAL AMENITIES!"
"***SAVE OVER £19,000***. RECEIVE A £12,000 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS EITHER YOUR MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR MOVING COSTS. PLUS A FULLY INTEGRATED KITCHEN UPGRADE AND FLOORING THROUGHOUT, WORTH OVER £7,000. Detached home with private parking for two cars and walking distance to Beebys North Lake. Open-plan k..."
"Offered for sale with NO FORWARD CHAIN and located in the popular area of Fletton, within easy access to the train station and City Centre is this detached bungalow. The property offers gas central heating, UPVC double glazing, three bedrooms, en suite to master, two reception rooms and kitchen. O"
"*MUST VIEW* Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this five bedroom semi- detached 3 storey home located in Hampton Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/dining room, cloakroom, utility room, five bedrooms, 2 en-suite shower rooms, family bathroom, garage, off r..."
"This a rare opportunity to own a Semi-Detached Home in the heart of Longthorpe Village.Set just off Thorpe Road, and in a cul de sac of only eight other homes, this would make an excellent family home.There is easy access to local schools, shops, the city centre, and ac..."
"SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME! This EXTENDED FOUR bedroom family home is in a SOUGHT after location and has a 20ft LOUNGE, modern kitchen, DINING ROOM & FOUR DOUBLE bedrooms. Outside is a GARAGE & DRIVE along with enclosed rear garden."
"** DETACHED FAMILY HOME CLOSE TO CITY CENTRE ** Belvoir are delighted to bring to the market this spacious and versitile three bedroom family home just a short distance from Peterborough City Centre. This property boasts TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, fitted kitchen and an additional sun room, gar..."
"WELL PRESENTED 4 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME. The property has an Entrance Hall with Lounge, REFITTED KITCHEN/DINER, WC, Utility Room and DOUBLE GARAGE CONVERTED TO GAMES ROOM. The first floor has 4 bedrooms with Ensuite to Bedroom 1 and the family bathroom. Outside there is a wrap around front ..."
This newly refurbished bungalow is in a popular location of Dogsthorpe. The current vendors have completely modernised it throughout including new electric garage doors which have just been installed.
"Being offered with no forward chain, this lovely family home in this highly desirable location. Fully refitted and decorated throughout. Generous gardens with room to extend (stp)"
"A fantastic end terrace townhouse property briefly comprising of: entrance hall, open plan kitchen/dining room, ground floor WC, study, living room with two balconies, master bedroom, en suite, three double bedrooms, family bathroom, rear garden, garage and secure parking. Early viewing is a must!"
"City and County are excited to bring to the market this amazing EXTENDED FOUR/FIVE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED family home, situated in a cul-de-sac in the central location of Peterborough. Offering easy access to amenities, transport links and schooling. This property provides amazing living space and..."
"Looking for the perfect family home? This property makes a substantial home, with four great sized bedrooms, two bathrooms, downstairs WC, huge conservatory, driveway with garage and private rear garden! This house is the perfect step up/upgrade for a established or growing family. The sough..."
"A modern spacious home located on the popular development of Sugar Way within easy reach of the City Centre and road links. This property offers gas central heating, car port, single garage, five bedrooms, two reception rooms, en suite, kitchen, study area, utility, bathroom and garden to rear. **"
"VIEIWING IS ESSENTIAL on this four bedroom detached family home situation in a sought after cul-de-sac location in GUNTHORPE, close to local amenities, schools and the PETERBOROUGH Parkway. CALL NOW TO VIEW!"
** INVESTMENT PROPERTY** Belvoir are pleased to bring to offer the rare opportunity to invest in this block of 3 individually leased apartments. The apartments are located in the thriving city centre of Peterborough and just a short walk from the train station. The detached unit...
"Being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN, this detached bungalow is sat on a GENEROUS PLOT to both front and rear, offering POTENTIAL TO EXTEND (STPP)."
"NOT YOUR AVERAGE HOME - This custom built home is stunningly presented throughout and features kitchen with integrated appliances, open plan living area, four double bedrooms, en-suite and family bathroom. Must be viewed to be fully appreciated."
"*** TWO BEDROOM HOME WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO CITY CENTRE *** ''Located in West Town, just a short walk away from the train station and the city centre, this two bedroomed semi-detached home is just a few years old. The property itself is modern and features two parking spaces, lounge, ..."
"No chain! We are pleased to welcome this five bedroom detached property to the market. This property is heavily extended and benefits from having off road parking, a garage and is close to local amenities."
"DESCRIPTION * HAMPTON GARDENS * MUST VIEW * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this Four Bedroom Detached Home located in Hampton Gardens in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, utility room, cloakroom, four bedrooms, en-suite shower room, bathroom, garage, off ..."
"In a desirable residential area, in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC of Netherton is this generous sized THREE BEDROOM DETACHED family home sutured on a large plot. Offers easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling, motorway links and short distance away from the Peterborough rowing lakes & City Centre,"
"EXTENDED 3 BEDROOM, 3 RECEPTION ROOM HOME with GARAGEThe property has an Entrance Hall with WC, Lounge, KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM, Dining Room and Sun RoomThe first floor has 3 Bedrooms and the 4 Piece Bathroom.Outside there are front and rear gardens, Driveway and Garage"
Based in popular Stanground this handsome well presented three bedroom Detached Home. Close to local amenities and within easy reach to the City. It boasts LARGE CONSERVATORY and PRETTY GARDENS and DRIVEWAY PARKING with SINGLE GARAGE. Viewings highly recommended.
Looking for a great size established family home? Peake close will be ticking all your boxes! On the ground floor the property benefits from a large separate lounge with access to the dining room area which has doors leading onto the fantastic size conservatory across the width of the rear. F...
"IDEAL FAMILY HOME….benefits from FOUR BEDROOMS, utility and conservatory. Outside continues with off road parking and ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN. Call now to arrange your viewing!!"
"Four Bedroom Home With Kitchen Family Room, Two Reception Rooms, En-suite And Landscaped Garden This immaculately presented home offers a modern refitted kitchen and utility, refitted en-suite and bathroom, partially converted garage and for good sized bedrooms with a potential fifth!"
"Bairstow Eves Estate Agents are excited to offer this STUNNING DETACHED FAMILY HOME in a sought-after residential location within Longthorpe. The property is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac offering convenient access to Peterborough City Centre, the mainline Railway Station as well as local amenit..."
"** THREE BEDROOMS ** THREE RECEPTIONS ** EXTENDED ** GARAGE ** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION ** Situated in the highly sought after location of Netherton with easy access to local amenities, schools, City Centre, Peterborough Hospital and Train Station"
"Spacious five bedroom end terrace property situated in the popular area of Sugar Way. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, cloakroom, five bedrooms, en-suite to master and family bathroom. Outside is a car port area leading to single garage. Call to view ."
"This detached bungalow located in the popular village of Orton Waterville and sits on a generous plot offers the potential to extend (stpp) , includes a lounge with double aspect views!"
"A Large Building Plot with Full Planning Permission and no CIL, we are finalising discussions with our Vendor over that sale of a building Plot of approximately 1/4 acre, permission for a 5 bedroom home of about 3600sqft habitable.This is a fabulous opportunity for a self-builder or developer."
Would you like to wake up every morning to field views? This beautifully presented extended family home is situated in the sought after village of Farcet and boasts amazing views to the rear
"EXTENDED FIVE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME with an additional SELF-CONTAINED ANNEX, with Living and Kitchen area and Shower room offering independent living. The property offers large family living space. It also boasts off road parking, garage and large landscaped rear garden. Good Schools nearby."
"Situated in a central part of Peterborough that offers easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling and motor way links. The property itself benefits from being a short distance to the City Centre and the Train Station. Features include DRIVEWAY PARKING, EXTENSION and DOWNSTAIRS SHOWER ROOM."
"*** PEACEFULLY POSITIONED BUNGALOW NESTLED ON A GENEROUS PLOT *** ""A unique opportunity awaits with a well laid out home offering either multiple reception rooms or four bedrooms. With recent improvements having taken place, including the conversion of the utility in to the office area, the ho..."
This four bedroom link detached family home has been improved by the current owners and offers contemporary and spacious living accommodation throughout located in Hampton Hargate the property offers easy access to all amenities.
"Welcome to this four-bedroom home located in the heart of Peterborough, offering the perfect combination of convenience and comfort. The property is ideally situated in a sought-after location, just a stone's throw away from the city centre, Kings School and the train station."
"This immaculately presented two-storey home will impress the most astute of buyers. Positioned in a sought after location in Cardea, South Stanground, surrounded by other quality modern homes, it exudes a certain style and sophistication you will be delighted to share with friends and family."
"Offering approximately 1350 sq ft of internal living accommodation, this three storey townhouse is set on Wye Valley Road in Sugar Way. If you're looking for an ideal family home in a fantastic location, then this might just be the property for you."
"Extended Four Bedroom Home With Field Views, Garage and Workshop This beautifully presented home offers spacious rooms, four piece bathroom, loft room, refitted kitchen, conservatory and plenty of off road parking and is situated in the sought after village of Farcet."
"**STUNNING FIELD VIEWS TO REAR** Smart Move are delighted to offer for sale this spacious, four bedroom, family home in Farcet. Extended heavily over two floors, this fantastic home offers versatile living and would be perfect for running a business within the confines of your own property. Ac..."
Haart Estate Agents are delighted to exclusively offer FOR SALE this Two Bedroom Detached Bungalow situated on approximately 1/2 an acre of land (sts) in the popular location of Bretton
"Smart Move are delighted to offer for sale, this immaculately presented, three bedroom detached home in Stanground. Set within close proximity to local amenities, schools, health care centres and fantastic access into the city centre, this spacious family home is ideal for a growing family. A..."
"Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this five bedroom detached home located in Sugar Way Peterborough within easy reach of the City Centre and road links. This property offers gas central heating, car port, single garage, five bedrooms, two reception rooms, en suite, kitchen, study area,..."
* Garage Conversion into Annexe * Total Floor Area 98 Square Metres * Bathroom/En-Suite/Cloakroom * Kitchen/Dining Room * uPVC Conservatory * Low Maintenance Garden * Council Tax Band C £1650 * Parking to Front for 3 Vehicles * Study Area for Home Working * Quite Cul-...
"PERFECT LOCATION FOR A FAMILY HOME! Don't miss out on this detached family house which has been extended to the rear, is in good condition throughout and sits in a popular area of Peterborough, all available with No Forward Chain! Outside, the property offers a large front garden laid with la..."
"Set in popular Gunthorpe, this immaculately presented FOUR BEDROOM HOME within easy walking distance to Norwood Primary school, shops and local amenities. Easy access also to Peterborough City with its quick Rail & Road links."
"This new development by The Brightfield Group offers a modern collection of One and Two Bedroom Apartments and Duplex Penthouses which benefit of views across the City some with balconies. The homes are built to a high-spec, benefiting from secure and gated underground parking with concierge ser..."
BEEBYS are delighted to offer for sale this very well presented Detached Bungalow set in the desirable location of LONGTHORPE. With easy access to local amenities and City Centre. OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN.  This was originally 3 Bedrooms but has been reconfigured into 2 Bedrooms. 828...
Modern three storey townhouse with driveway parking for two cars. Bay-fronted lounge. Modern kitchen-diner with French doors to your garden. Three double bedrooms - Main bedroom spread across top floor with en suite. Modern family bathroom. 
"You may have just found the home you are looking for!Set in the ever-popular area of Netherton with its much sought-after local junior and senior schools, easy access to the hospital, city centre, and the A1.Apart from the expected accommodation this home also offers a rare optio..."
"A SPACIOUS bungalow set on a well maintained and GOOD SIZE PLOT in arguably one of the most SOUGHT AFTER parts of Farcet. The well presented accommodation comprises: entrance hall, lounge, DINING ROOM, kitchen diner, UTILITY, rear WC, three bedrooms, family bathroom, multi car driveway & GARAGE."
"Property comprises of entrance hall, ground floor WC, storage cupboards, kitchen, dining/sitting area, living room, master bedroom with en suite, three additional bedrooms and Jack and Jill style family bathroom."
"*** SUPERB LIVING SPACE AT THIS FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME WITH AN ADDITIONAL OFFICE AREA *** ""Featuring a good sized L-shaped kitchen / living space on the ground floor, an additional living room, downstairs cloakroom, four bedrooms, an office space, family bathroom and an en-suite to bedroom o..."
"£340,000 - £365,000 (Guide Price) This four-bedroom detached house is situated in a fantastic location in Hampton Hargate, just a short walk from the amenities within the area. Over 1250 sqft accommodation on two levels with a ground floor space including two reception rooms..."
"Three bedroom detached bungalow on Overton Way, Orton Waterville. Providing off road parking via a driveway & garage at the front of the property, internally comprises of lounge/diner, kitchen, bathroom. Outside offers a lovely size rear garden and viewings are recommended as soon as possible."
** Established detached family home | Three Bedrooms | Two Reception Rooms | Downstairs Cloakroom/Utility | Single Garage | Front & Rear Gardens | Popular Location | Close to Local Amenities | Near to City Centre | Cu-De-Sac Location | Viewing Highly Advisable.
"* The Fletcher * brand new, chain free and energy efficient home with a 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * OPEN PLAN living and dining room with FRENCH DOORS to the garden * DRESSING AREA and EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * modern throughout * no DIY required * call us today for details on this home!"
Reserve today with a 5% deposit using our Deposit Unlock scheme.*. .
"* Plot 108 * The Fletcher * brand new, chain free & energy efficient home with a 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * OPEN PLAN living & dining room with FRENCH DOORS to the garden * DRESSING AREA & EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * PAY NO AGENT FEES if you have a home to sell^ * contact us today!"
"Very well proportioned detached family home in Carradale, Orton Brimbles. Offered for sale with no chain and available to view immediately. This property comprises; entrance hallway, large lounge/diner, kitchen/breakfast room, rear conservatory. First floor; galleried landing, four double bedroom..."
" *INVESTORS * * IDEAL FAMILY HOME * *NO CHAIN * MUST VIEW * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this four bedroom semi deatched home located in Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, claokroom, lounge, dining room, kitchen, fou..."
"A very well presented family home which is set in a pleasant location & offers well proportioned accommodation to comprise: entrance hall, lounge, kitchen diner, utility, downstairs wc, three bedrooms, ensuite to master, family bathroom, gardens, garage & driveway."
"Bairstoweves estate agents are delighted to offer FOR SALE this three bedroom Detached property situated a short distance away from the city centre & train station. This property boasts THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, fitted kitchen and an additional games room, garage and storage room to the ground f..."
"Set in Fengate, this one bedroom Apartment is like new and has not been lived in since conversion. Open plan Living & Kitchen Diner, Double Bedroom and Family Bathroom. Opposite to a bus route, ideal for Peterborough with its quick Road and Rail links to London."
"Being Sold via Secure Sale Online Bidding. Terms & Conditions Apply. Starting Bid £330,000.In need of modernisation, this deceptively spacious detached bungalow is situated within the heart of Werrington on a GENEROUS SOUTH-WEST FACING PLOT, being sold with NO ONW..."
"With easy access to the City and Hospital, this property has been extended to offer a larger Family living. Near local schools and shops and open spaces and with the option to convert the Garage space to make 6 Beds."
"STUNNING 4 BEDROOM home with feature KITCHEN/DINER with GRANITE WORKTOPSThe property has been extended and has an Entrance Hall with storage and WC with Utility Area. There is a Lounge, Kitchen/Diner and Sun Room. The first floor has 4 bedrooms and the Bathroom Outside there is a driveway and ..."
"City and County are excited to market this very spacious, FOUR BEDROOM, semi-detached property located in the City Centre of Peterborough. This property briefly comprises, entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom comprising a WC and wash hand basin, two large reception rooms, kitchen/diner fitted with..."
"We are delighted to bring to market this deceptively spacious DETACHED BUNGALOW situated within the heart of Werrington on a GENEROUS SOUTH-WEST FACING PLOT, being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The accommodation comprises of THREE BEDROOMS, two spacious reception rooms, kitchen, utility room, fo..."
"Four Bedroom, Semi Detached House located in the popular West Town. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge and kitchen. Upstairs there are four bedrooms and a bathroom. Outside there is an enclosed rear garden and to the front off road parking and integrated garage."
"This semi-detached house has been heavily extended and offers spacious accommodation throughout. The property is ideal for a large long-term family home or potential investment opportunity! Close to Peterborough City centre and within easy access to Peterborough Train Station, the location of..."
"A spacious FOUR BEDROOM semi-detached house in the sought after area of west town briefly comprising of TWO LARGE RECEPTION ROOMS, a 20 FT KITCHEN DINER and offered with no forward chain!"
"* The Chandler * PAY NO AGENT FEES if you have a home to sell^ * brand new, chain free & energy efficient home with a 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * OPEN PLAN kitchen & dining room with FRENCH DOORS to the garden * living room with a BAY WINDOW * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * contact us today"
"The Cypress is an attractive, 3 bedroom semi-detached family home with a single garage and 2 parking spaces. A modern take on a traditional design, the Cypress is a home everyone will love. Your guests will love being entertained in the stylish open-plan kitchen, dining area, and r..."
A fantastic 3 bedroom detached house in Peterborough. Comprised of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Bright and cosy living room with feature fireplace Well-appointed modern kitchen / diner with wall and base units Conservatory with doors into garden Two do...
"Freedom Homes are proud to present this stylish, fully upgraded HMO investment property on Cromwell Road, PE1, for £330,000. Collecting a Gross Annual Income of £35,000.A simplistic property with a pop colour with four bedsits and two-en-ensuite rooms. There is a communal kitchen in the property."
"Extended / No Chain - Four bedroom, semi detached property. Accommodation comprises of a hallway, lounge, kitchen, dining room, rear garden. To the 1st Floor there are four bedrooms, en-suite to master and bathroom. There is also an annexe with lounge/kitchen & shower room - Call today!"
"Bairstow Eves have brought to market this lovely family home located in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC in Cardea. Situated in Cardea this modern new build offers easy access to local amenities, transport links, local schools and convenient access to motorway links. The property is very..."
"Five bedroom, detached house for sale on Clarence Road. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room, kitchen, conservatory, lean to, five bedrooms, bathroom and garden."
"An established well presented semi detached home in the sought after central location of PE1. The property has been much improved and extended with five bedrooms, three bathrooms and two reception areas with separate office. The property has an annexe with its own entrance and is completely indepe"
"NO CHAIN! Based in popular New England, this professionally extended Family Home. The property is close to good schools and local Shops and is within easy access to the City and its quick Rail Links. Features include FOUR BEDROOMS, EN-SUITE & an ANNEX"
"*** THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME IN THE SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION OF WERRINGTON *** '' Beautifully presented in the heart of Werrington is this fantastic family home. Featuring a garage that is partly converted, off road parking for multiple cars, three bedrooms, with an ensuite to bedroom one, two..."
"** DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** Belvoir are delighted to bring to the market this very well presented four bedroom propery situated in a quiet cul de sac location. The property boasts a range of attractive features including TWO RECEPTION ROOMS with box bay window to the front aspect of the Lounge,..."
"IDEAL FAMILY HOME…..Situated in a popular Cul-De-Sac location in Gunthorpe. Benefits from THREE BEDROOMS and good size lounge/diner. Outside continues with off road parking, GARAGE and enclosed rear garden. Being offered with no upward chain. View Now!"
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! We welcome to the market this four bedroom HMO which is currently tenanted and offers a good yield. This property is in a great location and within walking distance to the city centre, new university and train station."
"We are delighted to welcome this immaculately presented three bedroom bungalow located in a quiet cul-de-sac. This property benefits from having off road parking, a garage and a stunning conservatory."
"*MUST VIEW* EXCITING HMO OR FAMILY HOME OPPORTUNITY Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this five bedroom detached home located close to Peterborough City Centre in brief comprises of Lounge, Sitting Room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Wet Room, Sun Room, Lean To, Five Double Bedrooms, Fami..."
"One Bedroom Semi Detached Over 55's Bungalow located in the popular Orton Brimbles. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, hallway, kitchen, bathroom, bedroom and rear garden. To the front there is a lawn area and off road parking leading to the rear. Call today "
"City and County are delighted to present for sale a rare sales opportunity to purchase an extended bay fronted detached family home situated on a popular city street, conveniently located within pedestrian access to both Peterborough city railway station and the city centre. Modernisation require..."
"* NO CHAIN* PROPERTY WITH A ANNEXE *IS A *MUST VIEW* Next move estate agents are pleased to offer this Four Bedroom Semi Detached Home. Accommodation comprises of Hallway, Lounge, Kitchen, Dining Room, Rear Garden. To the 1st floor there are Four Bedrooms, En-Suite to Master and Bathroom. There i..."
"Situated in a sought after location within Werrington. This detached property benefits from THREE BEDROOMS, family bathroom, lounge/diner, downstairs cloakroom. Outside continues with OFF ROAD PARKING, garage and ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN, close to local schools and amenities."
"A rare opportunity to take ownership of this three bedroom detached house on the sought after road of Newark Avenue. Briefly comprising of two reception rooms, off road parking and a stunning rear garden!"
"Three bedroom detached house located in Kilbride Way in the very popular area of Orton Northgate. Comprising of entrance hallway, downstairs WC, lounge and kitchen/diner. First floor; three bedrooms, en-suite to master & family bathroom. Outside offers enclosed rear garden with lawn and patio. Dr..."
"Modern end of terrace property in the highly sought after Hampton Gardens. In brief this property comprises of entrance hall, downstairs WC, kitchen/diner and lounge, three double bedrooms, one generous single, family bathroom and en-suite. Outside is a detached garage, driveway for 3 cars and fr..."
"DON'T MISS OUT ON THIS SPACIOUS FOUR-BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE WITHIN EASY ACCESS TO PETERBOROUGH CITY CENTRE AND TRAIN STATION. AVAILABLE WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN! The property features parking, integral garage space and an enclosed garden space to the rear which is laid with decking, patio and l..."
"**MUST VIEW HOME**WALKING DISTANCE TO CITYS UNIVERSITY** CALL THE OFFICE NOW TO BOOK IN YOUR VIEWING** Bairstow Eves estate agents are pleased to offer for sale this four DOUBLE bedroom detached family home in the Peterborough location. The property comprises of entrance hall, lounge, ..."
This is an INDIVIDUALLY BUILT modern DETACHED FAMILY HOME. Offering open plan ground floor living this property is located in a popular and convenient RESIDENTIAL STREET within close proximity to Peterborough City Centre and local amenities and transport links. Accommodation comprises: Spacious e...
"EXTENDED FAMILY HOME! This SPACIOUS three bedroom FAMILY home is set on a GOOD SIZE plot and has SEPARATE RECEPTION rooms, bathroom upstairs and downstairs shower room, REFITTED kitchen, TANDEM length garage and OFF ROAD parking."
"Detached family home in the sought after location of Hampton. The property benefits from three bedrooms, en suite to master bedroom, two reception areas, cloakroom and utility with a good sized established garden to rear. This home is well presented throughout and is offered for sale with NO FORWA"
"***NO FORWARD CHAIN*** City and County are excited to bring to the market this UNIQUE and desirable FIVE BEDROOMED SEMI-DETACHED family home! The property is conveniently located within central Peterborough, offering easy access to local schools, amenities, transport links and Peterborough train ..."
"Designed with families in mind, the Sherwood is a stunning three-bedroom detached home. The open plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading onto the garden - perfect for gatherings with friends and family. There’s also a generous front-aspect living room and an en suite to bedroom one."
"Recently refurbished throughout, this detached bungalow offers good size accommodation including a 19' living room, 14' kitchen diner and 14' sun room. Offering off road parking, a good size rear garden and benefitting from no onward chain"
"Agreed are delighted to offer for sale this substantial four bedroom end of terrace house situated in the delightful town of Peterborough. The property is within walking distance of local schools and amenities. Offering one reception room and four bathrooms, the property benefits from having gas ..."
"Alderman's Drive is within walking distance to the City Centre and Train Station. There are amenities close by along with the NHS walk in Centre. Features include CLOAKROOM, BREAKFAST ROOM and SNUG/3RD RECEPTION ROOM. Viewings highly recommended to appreciate the accommodation on offer."
"AN ENTICING LOCATION A fantastic opportunity to purchase a property in Werrington. CHAIN FREE and ready for its new owners, this property will allow the buyer to put their own stamp on it and create a lovely family home. Call us today for full details and to book your private viewing."
"The Clayton Corner - Life Time Home is set in a quiet cul-de-sac location close to local amenities. This three bedroom detached family home offers light, good sized living accommodation throughout and is conveniently located for easy access to the A1."
"A rare five bedroom detached house on Clarence road has come to market! Offered with off road parking for 3+ cars, five great sized bedrooms and plenty of living space downstairs! Call Sharman Quinney to arrange your viewing!"
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this three double bedroom detached house in Goodacre, Orton Goldhay. Comprising of entrance hallway, downstairs WC, two reception rooms & additional rear conservatory. First floor; three double bedrooms, re-fitted shower room. Outside; enclosed rear garden..."
Haart estate agents are delighted to offer FOR SALE this three bedroom Detached property situated a short distance away from the city Centre & train station. Offering NO FORWARD CHAIN
"City and County are excited to bring to the market this UNIQUE and desirable FIVE BEDROOMED DETACHED family home! The property is conveniently located within central Peterborough, offering easy access to local schools, amenities, transport links and walking distance to Peterborough train station...."
"IN NEED OF A BUNGALOW? THEN LOOK NO FURTHER. An amazing opportunity to purchase this three bedroom DETACHED bungalow set in a CUL-DE-SAC location within Orton Goldhay. This property is deceptively large and comprises of a kitchen/diner, sun room with an amazing SKY LIGHT window, works..."
"This is a fantastic DECEPTIVELY LARGE DETACHED BUNGALOW located in a quiet cul-de-sac that provides easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling and the A1. Features include, TWO SHOWER ROOMS, THREE/FOUR BEDROOMS and OFF ROAD PARKING."
"**AN IDEAL FAMILY HOME with INCENTIVES AVAILABLE. The Hulsfield - A beautiful 3 bedroom home offering LIGHT & SPACIOUS INTERIORS, a fully INTEGRATED kitchen, separate study and TWO ENSUITE BEDROOMS. **SHOWHOME OPEN DAILY**"
"Presenting to the market is this stunning four bedroom end terrrace property, situated on the popular Aqua Drive. The property offers spacious accommodation and is presented to a high standard. Call us today for more details and to book a viewing!"
"A charming and classic home, this three-bedroom detached bungalow is a great fit for young families. With an abundance of living space and an impressive garden, this home is the perfect fit. This home has a well-maintained front garden and a large driveway, as well as a garage. Situated in a soug..."
*LARGE KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM* *POPULAR DEVELOPMENT* *BUILT BY CALA HOMES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 4 Bedroom Townhouse in the popular location of Hampton Vale. The property was built in 2017 by Cala Homes and was known as 'The Grassington' f...
"Spacious detached family three story house in good order throughout providing comfortable living for the growing family. The accommodation offers an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, fitted kitchen/diner, utility room, four bedrooms one with an en-suite, family bathroom and a top floor separate t..."
"Detached property on Werrington Park Avenue- In brief this property comprises of, lounge, kitchen with dining area, utility room, cloakroom, three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Parking to the front and rear garden."
Modern terraced property in the highly sought after Hampton Gardens. Great condition 5 year old property on Westbury Drive in the highly sought after Hampton Gardens. This beautifully presented mid terrace property comprises of an entrance hall with downstairs WC. Adjacent is the open plan mod...
"Beautiful link detached family home in Loch Lomond Way, Orton Northgate. The property comprises; three bedrooms, two reception rooms, kitchen and downstairs WC. First floor; three bedrooms and bathroom. Outside; driveway, front and rear garden. Viewings highly recommended."
"WAS £328,000 NOW £315,000. Plus you only need a 5% deposit using our Deposit Unlock scheme*. ."
"Extended Semi Detached House | Lounge | Open Plan Family & Dining Area | Conservatory | Kitchen Area | Bedroom 4 Downstairs & En-suite Shower Room| First Floor Landing | Three Bedrooms | Family Bathroom | Outside, Off Road Parking | Storage/Utility Area | Enclosed Rear Garden +Detached Annex"
"*** IMMACULATELY PRESENTED HOME ON THE DOORSTEP OF FERRY MEADOWS ***"" Offers are invited in excess of £315,000 for this property which is located on a peaceful and a desireable part of Orton Longueville.  This delightful home, featuring a generous private rear garden and superb..."
"Harrison Rose estate agents are delighted to present this three bedroom bungalow, located in the popular area of Stanground in Peterborough. Comprising a lounge, conservatory, three bedrooms, shower room, enclosed rear garden, garage and off road parking. This property is not to be missed and ..."
"This modern semi-detached town house OVERLOOKS A GREEN TO THE FRONT ASPECT, tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac position."
"Situated in a popular, quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC is this MODERN, THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED family home. Offers easy access to amenities, schooling, transport links, City College, Motor Way links and open fields with Parks."
This impressive end terrace house is ideal for the growing family offering versatility if you need to work from home!
"An extended & detached Bungalow in a sought after location. The property is well presented throughout and offers a spacious lounge/diner area, immaculate kitchen, utility room, as well as 3 bedrooms, shower room & study. There is a low maintenance rear garden & driveway &..."
"Sharman Quinney are proud to present this modern four bedroom home in the desirable location of Hampton Gardens, a new development with great schools and easy access to the A1 and other transport links. Call today to book your viewing!"
"IMMACULATE FAMILY HOME – CLOSE TO ALL LOCAL AMENITIES! This well presented two-storey home will impress the most astute of buyers. Positioned in a sought after location in Cardea, South Stanground, surrounded by other quality modern homes, it exudes a certain sophistication you will be delight..."
"Three Bedroom, Semi Detached located in the popular area of Parnwell. Accommodation comprises of an Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Lounge, Kitchen/Diner and Conservatory. Two Bedrooms, Bathroom and Study/Dressing Area to First Floor. The Master Bedroom and En-Suite on the Second Floor. Garage & Driveway"
"*MUST VIEW * HAMPTON GARDENS* Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this four bedroom  3 storey mid- terrace home located in Hampton Gardens close to HG School in brief comprises of Entrance hall, Kitchen/Diner, Lounge, cloakroom,  Four Bedrooms, bathroom, en-suite shower room, off road..."
"This home now comes with £10,653 worth of upgraded specification inside including shower over bath, wall tiling, integrated kitchen appliances, laminate and vinyl flooring and towel warmer. Plus this home has a South-East facing garden. Home 213, The Rowan, makes the most of its spaci..."
"WALKING DISTANCE TO TEARDROP LAKE I FIRST TIME BUYER? PAY ZERO STAMP DUTY FEES*. Semi-detached 3 bedroom home with driveway parking for two cars. Inside you have an open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors onto your rear garden. Upstairs, you'll find two double bedrooms, your main with an en sui..."
"City and County are excited to market for sale this spacious DETACHED CHALET BUNGALOW in the Gunthorpe Area. Conveniently positioned to local shops, schools and services. Brotherhood Retail Park incorporating a large Marks and Spencer and Next outlet is a short commute away. Accommodation compris..."
"*Must View* Next Move Estate agents are pleased to offer this 4 bedroom end terrace property located close to Peterborough City Centre in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, conservatory, downstairs bathroom, cloakroom, four double bedrooms, top floor cloakroom, gar..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £300,000- £325,000 - Internal Pictures coming soon***3 bedroom detached house for sale on CORNMILL CLOSEThe property has an Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen/Diner WC and Utility AreaThe first floor has 3 bedrooms a family bathroom and ensuiteThere is a rear garden, driveway and garage"
"4 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOMEThis home has been recently refurbished, there is a Lounge, KITCHEN/DINER, Utility room, WC and a CONSERVATORYOn the first floor there are 4 bedrooms, a family bathroom and an en-suite to master Outside there is ample parking as well as a GARAGE"
You only need a 5% deposit using our Deposit Unlock scheme.*. .
"If you are looking for a READY MADE income stream, then this is certainly the property for you. The Five Bedroom property benefits from having all the work done to be a HMO. To the centre of the house, there's a communal kitchen area for tenants to sit back and relax. The property itself is l..."
"Recently Renovated - Four bedroom, detached house on the Popular Welland Road. Presented to a high standard it benefits from lounge, kitchen, utility room, downstairs bedroom with En-Suite, cloakroom. First floor accommodates three further bedrooms and a bathroom. Driveway providing off road parking"
"Three storey semi detached property on Skye Close, Orton Northgate. Property comprises of; four bedrooms, en suite, family bathroom, cloakroom, kitchen and lounge/diner, great outlook and off road parking."
"Smart Move are delighted to offer for sale, this immaculately presented, three bedroom detached home located in Woodston. Situated within close proximity to local amenities, schools and the city centre, this property would be ideal for a growing family. Accommodation comprises entrance, living..."
"*** STUNNING BRAND NEW THREE/FOUR BEDROOM HOMES *** LAST PLOT REMAINING *** An exclusive development of contemporary three/four bedroom townhouses, designed by the developer for modern family living, with a premium specification to include Bosch appliances, quartz worktops, underfloor heating,..."
"***Offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN!*** City & County are pleased to offer this three bedroom three storey, semi-detached family home. It is located in a Cul-De-Sac location featuring field views to the front. It is conveniently located for access to Peterborough City Centre, local amenities and bus..."
"Established detached bungalow situated in the popular cul de sac location of Farcet. Offering an impressive 26' conservatory, oversized garage with a large driveway providing off road parking for several vehicles. Also benefits from no onward chain."
"***GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000*** A detached family home in a desirable cul-de-sac position with a SOUTH-FACING GARDEN to the rear."
"This semi-detached home has been EXTENDED DOUBLE STOREY to the rear, situated on a GENEROUS PLOT with a SOUTH-WEST FACING REAR GARDEN."
"City and County are excited to market this heavily extended, three-bedroom semi-detached property situated in close proximity to Peterborough City Centre. With access to local transport, schools and amenities, this property is perfect for a growing family. The property briefly comprises..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000***EXTENDED 3 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOMEThis home has an open planned KITCHEN/DINER/LOUNGE with a shower room Upstairs, there are 2 double bedrooms and a generouslly sized single bedroom as well as a FAMILY BATHROOM Outside, there is a driveway and a GARAGE"
SOLD WITH NO CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - IDEAL FAMILY HOME OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - LIVE VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"We are pleased to welcome to the market this bay fronted three bedroom semi-detached family home. This property benefits from having two receptions rooms, an enclosed rear garden, off road parking and garage."
"Smart Move are delighted to offer for sale this spacious four bedroom, semi detached property in the sought after location of Orton Longueville. Situated within close proximity to local schools, amenities and fantastic access for major road networks across the city, this home would be ideal for a..."
"LOCATION,LOCATION,LOCATION! This EXTENDED THREE bedroom FAMILY home is in a SOUGHT after area. Internally there is a lounge, dining room, OFFICE/PLAYROOM and kitchen with utility area. Upstairs are three good size bedrooms and bathroom. Outside is a GOOD size rear GARDEN, GARAGE and DRIVE.."
"This detached THREE/FOUR BEDROOM chalet property sits within an enviable, quiet cul-de-sac position within the heart of Werrington village, offering HUGE POTENTIAL FOR EXTENSION and IMPROVEMENT (subject to planning permission) on a GENEROUS SOUTH-FACING PLOT."
"Detached property in Swallowfield, Werrington. Briefly comprises of; entrance hall, lounge, cloakroom, family room, kitchen, conservatory, four bedrooms, shower room, garage, drive and good sized garden."
"DO NOT MISS OUT! This MODERNISED detached bungalow, Situated in the SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION of Thorpe lea road is just A FEW MINUTES' WALK from Peterborough CITY CENTRE and TRAIN STATION!"
"*** GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000*** This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase this FOUR-bedroom SEMI-DETACHED family home, which is situated in a central location, and offers easy access to the train station, City Centre, amenities, schools and Peterborough college. The property briefly comp..."
BRAND NEW DETACHED BUNGALOW FOR SALE - SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - HIGH SPEC - CITY CENTRE BASED - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - PARKING FOR TWO CARS - MUST SEE - CALL OUR SALES TEAM TO FIND OUT MORE
Plus you only need a 5% deposit using our Deposit Unlock scheme.*. .
"Built in 2022 and finished to an exceptional standard, this spacious 930 sq ft 3-bedroom property benefits from a completely open plan sitting, dining & kitchen area on the ground floor. House is offset from the street and provides side-by-side parking for two cars. Ground floor: smart underfl..."
"* HAMPTON WATER * MUST VIEW * NEW LISTING * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this four bedroom 3 Storey end-terrace home in brief comprises of entrance hall, cloakroom, study, open plan lounge/kitchen, four bedrooms, en-suite shower room, family bathroom, off road parking, rear garden..."
FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME - RECENTLY REFURBISHED - CONSERVATORY - CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - LOCAL TO AMENITIES - PARKING FOR THREE CARS - SOUGHT AFTER AREA - TO FIND OUT MORE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"This four bedroom end terrace house offering versatile living is ideal for the family with its study ideal for working from home, open plan kitchen/ lounge dining room, en-suite to the master bedroom and allocated parking for two vehicles."
"NO CHAIN* MUST VIEW *Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this three bedroom semi-detached 3 storey property located in Cardea Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, cloakroom, study/dining room, three double bedrooms, en-suite shower room, family bath..."
"This investment project will produce in excess of £29,616 IN RENT, PER ANNUM.Freedom Homes are proud to present for sale this turnkey HMO investment on St Marks Street, Peterborough, PE1."
"This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase this lovely, well-presented THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME. This deceptively spacious property is a must see. The accommodation offers easy commute to the city centre, train station, local amenities, transport links and schooling. Briefly ..."
"** OFFERING NO UPWARD CHAIN is this extended, 1930’s semi-detached family home which is situated in a popular area in Old Fletton on Glebe Road, conveniently close to local amenities as well as ideally placed for the City Centre, with the property briefly comprising of, two reception rooms, kitch..."
"Three / Four bedroom end terraced house located in the popular Eastfield area. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen and conservatory. Three bedrooms to 1st floor, one bedroom on the second floor and downstairs bathroom. Outside there is a rear garden and garage."
"***SAVE OVER £18,000*** I RECEIVE A £12,000 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS EITHER YOUR MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR MOVING COSTS. PLUS A FULLY INTEGRATED KITCHEN UPGRADE AND FLOORING THROUGHOUT, WORTH OVER £6,000. The heart of your new home is the spacious lounge that leads to an attractive, open-plan kitchen/dini..."
"WALKING DISTANCE TO COUNTRY PARK I SAVE OVER £19,000 I RECEIVE A £12,000 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS EITHER YOUR MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR MOVING COSTS. PLUS A FULLY INTEGRATED KITCHEN UPGRADE AND FLOORING THROUGHOUT, WORTH OVER £6,000. The heart of your new home is the spacious lounge that leads to an attra..."
"This is a beautifully presented detached house which has been completely remodelled and extended to provide a wonderful family home with versatile accommodation. Originally built with 3 upstairs bedrooms, those 3 now provide 2 large bedrooms, with the 3rd bedroom and its ensuite now being downsta..."
"A delightful detached family home, superbly located within the ever popular area of Gunthorpe just a few minutes for local walks around Cuckoo's Hollow. Enjoying southerly facing rear gardens, extended parking and three bedrooms."
***Please Quote CM0102 When Requesting Further Information or to Arrange a viewing*** This sensational large Four Bedroom Town House  is one not to miss*** Watch Our TV Style Video*** Located in sought-after location in Peterborough ...
* Total Floor Area 119 Square Metres * Energy Rating B * 23ft Garage & Two Car Driveway * Jack n Jill Bathroom & En-Suite Shower room * Three Bathrooms * Kitchen/Dining Room * Cloakroom * Owned Solar Panels * 
"This property is perfect for a first time investor into HMOs, The property boasts 5 double rooms in an immaculate house share, just a 10 minute walk away from Peterborough City Centre. The train station is a mere 15 minute walk, perfect for commuters.Annual income the property produces is: £27,300"
"Situated in a popular, quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC is this MODERN, REFURBISHED THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED family home. Offers easy access to amenities, schooling, transport links, city college, motor way links and open fields with parks."
"This Barratts home built three bedroom semi-detached house boasts contemporary and spacious living accommodation and is located on the very popular Hampton Water development, offering easy access to local amenities."
"Three bedroom detached house in Hampton Gardens close to the A1. Comprises of a kitchen/diner, lounge, cloakroom, three bedrooms, ensuite, bathroom, garage, driveway and front and rear gardens."
* NO UPWARD CHAIN * Set in Cul-De-Sac Location * Two Bedroom Detached Bungalow * Spacious Lounge/Diner * Gardens to Front & Rear *
"** For Sale by Online Auction. Starting Bid £295,000. Terms and Conditions apply. ** Offering No Upward Chain is this delightful 1930s bay fronted detached family home which is situated on a generous sized plot and boasting of a 29'7"" x 15'6"" workshop/garage at the rear of the garde..."
"Offering No Upward Chain is this delightful 1930s bay fronted detached family home which is situated on a generous sized plot and boasting of a 29'7"" x 15'6"" workshop/garage at the rear of the garden. Although the property needs some refurbishment, the property provides two ..."
"Smart Move are pleased to offer for sale, this three storey, three / four bedroom family home, located on the popular Hampton Water estate. Set on a sought after location."
"A fantastic 3 Bedroom be extended semi-detached home has just become available on Allan Avenue, Stanground. The property briefly consists of entrance hall, Separate Lounge Diner. 4th bedroom/Family room and Kitchen. Upstairs leads to two Double Bedrooms, One single bedroom as well as the family b..."
"Situated in a new build area of Gunthorpe, this three-bedroom detached home would be perfect for a family or a first-time purchase. Offering access to the main roads and local schooling, this property offers everything you would want in a property. Benefitting from gas central heating, and uPVC d..."
"Situated in a modern, new development of Gunthorpe. The property offers easy access to amenities, transport link and schooling. This would make the ideal, perfect family home. Features include EN-SUITE and OFF ROAD PARKING. Viewings highly recommended."
"An established detached bungalow in a popular area of Peterborough, located on a corner plot with a generous sized non overlooked rear garden. The accommodation in brief comprises of an entrance hall & inner hallway, open plan lounge and dining area, kitchen/breakfast room, three bedrooms, en-sui..."
"The Danbury is an ergonomic two-bedroom home with a good-sized living room, an open-plan kitchen/breakfast room and plenty of useful storage space on both floors. Upstairs there are two spacious bedrooms - one is en suite - a family bathroom and a handy lifestyle room for a range of different uses."
"4 BEDROOMS, 2 RECEPTION ROOMS, DRIVEWAY and GARAGE. The property has an Entrance Hall, WC, Lounge with doors to the Dining Room and Kitchen. The first floor has 4 bedrooms and the bathroom. Outside there is ample parking leading to the GARAGE and a rear garden"
"4 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN WERRINGTON, SET IN A QUIET CUL DE SAC - Located in Werrington, Peterborough, is this 4 bedroom detached family home with detached single garage and newly fitted kitch..."
"MODERN FAMILY HOME…..situated in a popular estate location. Benefits from FOUR BEDROOMS, en-suite to master and downstairs cloakroom. Outside continues with off road parking and ENCLOSED SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN. View Now!"
SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - SPACIOUS SEMI DETACHED HOUSE - MUST SEE - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - PERFECT INVESTMENT - TWO RECEPTION ROOMS - LIVE VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"***Offered with no forward chain***All Saints Road is conveniently located within Peterborough City Centre with a short walk to the Train Station, Kings School, Central Park and other local Amenities. It’s not often that these Character properties come to the market with such potential! This is ..."
"IDEAL FAMILY HOME….situated in a popular location close to local amenities. Benefits from THREE BEDROOMS, modern kitchen and lounge/diner. Outside continues with OFF ROAD PARKING and well presented rear garden. View Now!"
Established detached bungalow situated in a cul de sac location. Updating required but offers a good size lounge and kitchen diner with a single garage and long driveway. Benefits from no onward chain and views over open fields to the rear.
"Spacious FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM modern townhouse comprising of kitchen breakfast room with fitted appliances, cloakroom, open plan lounge conservatory. first floor landing leads to two double bedrooms with Jack and Jill bath and shower room. Second floor leads to two further double bedrooms with Jack a"
"This EXTENDED 3 bedroom semi-detached house is located in an extremely popular part of Stanground. It benefits from a large south facing rear garden, a very good sized garage and is spacious throughout."
Strike is pleased to present this property in Peterborough.
"This EXTENDED semi-detached home has been RECENTLY REFURBISHED and sits on a WEST-FACING CORNER PLOT within walking distance of Werrington village, being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
CHAIN FREE BUNGALOW Rarely available - this detached bungalow has a smart interior and well maintained plot. Situated in a prime residential area. With the added benefits of garage and off road parking this is a must see property so book your viewing today.
"*** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED SEMI-DETACHED HOME IN WERRINGTON VILLAGE *** '' Offers are invited in excess of £290,000 for this no onward chain, show home like property. It is a fantastic opportunity to live in the sought after location of Werrington Village. The property itself has been mod..."
"RARE OPPORTUNITY! A generous FOUR BEDROOM detached BUNGALOW situated on a LARGE PLOT just minutes away from LOCAL AMENITIES! Offering a CONSERVATRY, stunning rear garden and being sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN!"
"Presented in excellent condition throughout, this three bed semi-detached home is set on Meynell Walk in Netherton. Situated close to Peterborough city centre and the train station, this home is ideally located for those needing easy access into the centre."
"City and County are excited to market this spacious, EXTENDED three-bedroom semi-detached property, located in the heart of Peterborough City Centre, close to local amenities, Peterborough town park, and the train station. The property briefly comprises, entrance hall, shower room, lounge, dining..."
"This semi-detached home is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN and was built in 2019, offering spacious accommodation arranged over three floors with a SOUTH-FACING GARDEN to the rear."
"*** TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT IN HAMPTON *** With views out over the park, this two bedroomed ground floor flat in Hampton is an ideal investment or first time buy. Featuring a garage, lounge/diner open into the kitchen, bathroom, entrance hall with a storage cupboard and two bedrooms. There is al..."
"Presented in excellent condition throughout, is this much loved, three bedroom detached home. Set in the popular location of Stanground, this home is perfect for a growing family and is close to local amenities, primary and secondary schools. "
"Set in a very sought-after location with access to both local junior and senior schools, this extended family home boasts the following accommodation: a light and airy entrance hall, lounge to the front, and good-sized family/dining room to the rear complete with UPVC French doors leading to t..."
"City and County Peterborough are excited to present this THREE BEDROOMED DETACHED CHARACTER BUNGALOW, located in a popular central location, close to local shops, schools, colleges, and the new University. This home would be perfect for a growing family! Benefitting from uPVC double glazing and g..."
"Modern three double bedroom detached family home located within the popular location of Hampton Gardens. Comprising of entrance hall, cloakroom, utility room, kitchen diner room and lounge, First floor landing leads to three double bedrooms, family bathroom and en-suite to shower room. Parking for"
"*** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED 3 BEDROOM HOME*** '' Offers in excess of £287,000 for this property, with feature bay fronted windows, this semi detached home is a fantastic opportunity to live in a desirable road of Walton. Featuring an entrance hall, lounge, with an open arch into dining are..."
"This bay-fronted semi-detached home benefits from a GENEROUS WEST-FACING REAR GARDEN, three bedrooms, two reception spaces and a four-piece shower room."
"***EARLY VIEWINGS RECCOMENDED*** Located in the popular area of Cardea. Bairstow Eves are proud to present this three bedroom semi - detached property, it is a fantastic family home! This home benefits from having living room, kitchen/diner and WC on the ground floor and the to the first flo..."
"This ideal detached family home benefits from spacious accommodation in a secure cul-de-sac location. Outside the front of the property there is off road parking on a block paved driveway which leads to a single integral garage, the rest of the front is laid with lawn and there is additional..."
"Well presented three bedroom townhouse in Hampton Hargate, available For Sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, and located within catchment area of OUTSTANDING rated primary school."
*CUL-DE-SAC OF ONLY 2 DETACHED BUNGALOWS* *WALKING DISTANCE TO FERRY MEADOWS* *NO CHAIN* Regal Park are pleased to offer this 2 Bedroom Detached Bungalow in the popular location of Orton Waterville. The property is situated in a cul-de-sac of only 2 detached bungalows and is close to local am...
"***SAVE OVER £18,000***. RECEIVE A £12,000 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS EITHER YOUR MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR MOVING COSTS. PLUS A FULLY INTEGRATED KITCHEN UPGRADE AND FLOORING THROUGHOUT, WORTH OVER £6,000. Semi-detached home with private side-by-side parking. WALKING DISTANCE TO LAKES AND COUNTRY PARK. Open..."
"****SAVE OVER £19,000****. Contribution towards your mortgage OR deposit OR moving costs. Fully integrated kitchen upgrade. Flooring throughout.*. This bright and practical home is ideal for modern family living. The large open-plan kitchen with ample dining space has French doors leading out to ..."
*PLOT 170 THE ELLERTON* *BRAND NEW* *POPULAR LOCATION* *MODERN DEVELOPMENT* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* *INCENTIVES* *MORTGAGE ADVICE* *CALL US ON TO BOOK YOUR RESERVATION* The Ellerton is a bright and practical home and is ideal for modern family living. ...
"***SAVE OVER £18,000***. Receive a £12,000 contribution towards either your mortgage, deposit or moving costs. Plus a fully integrated kitchen upgrade and flooring throughout, worth over £6,000. This semi-detached home situated in a cul-de-sac has side-by-side parking available for two cars. Insi..."
"* NO CHAIN * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this 3 bedroom semi-detached home located in Stanground Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, shower room, conservatory, lean too, three bedrooms, bathroom, off road parking, frontr and rear gardens, FANT..."
"** Extended established, semi-detached house which is still currently under refurbishment is being sold with no upward chain and in brief the accommodation comprises of, storm porch, entrance hall, lounge with separate dining room, re-fitted kitchen/breakfast room, downstairs cloakroom, with thre..."
** FAMILY HOME SET ON GENEROUS SIZED PLOT ** Belvoir are delighted to bring to the market this spacious three bedroom family home situated in the popular location of Stanground. This property boasts TWO RECEPTION ROOMS with an additional sun room with utility and a well presented kitchen. To t...
"***Offered with No Forward Chain!*** City & County are excited to present this fantastic THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED family home located in Stanground, benefiting from being within walking distance to local amenities, local schooling, and transport links onto the A1. The property benefits fro..."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this 3 bedroom family home to the market. Comprising of a 16ft lounge/diner, fitted kitchen appliances, an ensuite to the master bedroom, two additional bedrooms, a family bathroom and a driveway. Located in the sought after area of Hampton Waters and only 3 years old."
READY MADE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - HMO FOR SALE - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - IDEAL STUDENT ACCOMODATION - FIVE BEDROOMS - TWO BATHROOMS - ATTENTION INVESTORS - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM 
"Link-detached bungalow. Entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, large conservatory, 2 bedrooms, bathroom, gas c/h, double glazing, garage & off-road parking, good-sized garden, some updating required. No chain. (Ref: 8584N)."
"* NO CHAIN * DOGSTHORPE LOCATION * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this three bedroom semi-detached home located in Dogsthorpe Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, conservatory, three bedrooms, bathroom, large plot, off road parking, front and rear..."
* NO CHAIN * FULLY REFURBISHED * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this 3 bedroom semi-detached home located in Stanground Peterborough.  The property is a MUST VIEW .  Details to follow along with floor plan  Please call ...
"*** GROUND FLOOR FLAT *** '' Benefiting from no upward chain, this one bedroom ground floor flat is an ideal investment or first time buy. Featuring a dedicated parking spot, communal garden area, storage cupboards, a good size lounge/diner, kitchen, bedroom and bathroom. Viewings are highly r..."
"City & County welcome to the market this fantastic FOUR BEDROOMED END OF TERRACE family home located in the popular location of Gunthorpe. The property is within walking distance to local schools, bus stops and local amenities. This home would be perfect for a family looking for more sp..."
"Situated in a Central part of Peterborough, this must see property offers easy access to motor way links, amenities, schooling, Peterborough Regional College, transport links, Peterborough town park & located a short distance away from the main City Centre and train station."
"** Built in the 1930's is this, lovely presented & bay fronted, semi-detached home, situated in a popular location on Newark Avenue, Peterborough, with an array of local amenities and good road links nearby and boasting of, three good size bedrooms, two reception areas, re-fitted kitchen, and a d..."
"Bairstow Eves Estate Agents are thrilled to present this three-bedroom, bay windowed semi-detached house has been beautifully presented throughout. The property comprises of entrance hall, living room, dining room, kitchen and WC. To the first floor you have three well presented bedrooms and a fa..."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this extended semi-detached family home to the market. Benefitting from a large kitchen/diner, lounge, cloakroom, rear porch, family bathroom, three bedrooms and a double garage with driveway. In the sought after area of Stanground."
"No chain! This three bedroom home has been recently renovated throughout. This property benefits from having off road parking, two reception rooms and an enclosed rear garden."
"Modern Family Home With Summer House This beautifully presented home benefits from a refitted kitchen diner, ensuite to master, good sized bedrooms, garage and driveway on a corner plot."
"Even though this property requires the finishing touches, this tardis of a house must be viewed to appreciate the accommodation on both floors. Offering three reception rooms, off road parking for several vehicles and benefitting from a large rear garden"
"Harrison Rose Estate Agents are delighted to present this detached three bedroom family home located in Werrington Village. This property is one not to be missed offering a kitchen/diner, lounge, three bedrooms, family bathroom, enclosed rear garden, garage and off road parking. ..."
"NO CHAIN, THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH A LARGE PRIVATE REAR GARDEN IN A QUIET CUL DE SAC - Located on the south side of Peterborough in a quiet cul de sac is this family home that requires ..."
"* MOTIVATED SELLER * OFFERS INVITED * NO CHAIN * Detached family home on a good sized corner plot with woodland views to rear. The property is in need of some updating with the potential to extend STPP. Accommodation comprises lounge, kitchen, dining room, conservatory, 3 bedrooms & bathroom."
* Corner Plot Backing onto Woodlands * No Forward Chain * Single Garage & Driveway * Potential to Extend Subject to Planning * Conservatory * Council Tax Band C £1650pa * Needs Cosmetic Updating * Quiet Cul-De-Sac Location * 
"STUNNING 3 bedroom home with LODGE in the garden.The home has been finished to a high spec and has an Entrance with Open plan living to the lounge, dining room and REFITTED KITCHEN. There is a shower room and lobby down stairs also The first floor has 3 bedrooms and the REFITTED SHOWER ROOM Ou..."
"Updating required but this detached bungalow has huge potential to improve. Offering a large rear garden, garage with additional storage room and off road parking to the front and rear. Benefitting from three double bedrooms, conservatory and no onward chain."
"*** THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME *** '' Located close to the City Centre, this three bedroom home features a garage and off road parking, kitchen/diner, utility room, cloakroom, lounge, three bedrooms with an en suite to bedroom one and a family bathroom. Viewings are highly recommended to..."
"Modern end terraced town home, located in the poplar area of Hampton Hargate. The property offers three double bedrooms, en suite to bedroom one, gas central heating with new boiler, double glazed, enclosed garden to rear and driveway to side leading to single garage (freehold). The property is pr"
"Set in the popular VILLAGE location of Facet, close to Schools & shops is this DETACHED BUNGALOW, being offered with NO CHAIN. Farcet is within easy reach of the city centre and train station with regular bus routes. ***CALL THE OFFICE NOW TO BOOK IN YOUR VIEWING*** "
***Offered with No Forward Chain!*** City and County are very pleased to offer for sale this superbly presented three bedroom detached bungalow located down a private cul-de-sac and is offered with no forward chain. This would make a perfect downsize or first time buy for someone looking for no w...
* No Forward Chain * Total Floor Area 103 Square Metres * Two Shower Rooms & Cloakroom * Council Tax Band B £1443 pa * Three Reception Rooms * HMO Potential * 
"This EXTENDED bay-fronted semi-detached family home is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN, sat within a quiet cul-de-sac position on a generous plot."
Haart Estate Agents are delighted to excessively offer FOR SALE this 2021 Built three bedroom DETACHED HOUSE situated on the poplar Roman Fields development
** Extended Detached Bungalow | Two Double Bedrooms | Two Reception Rooms | No Upward Chain | Shower Room | Garage/Workshop | Ample Parking | Generous Plot | Close to Local Amenities | Popular Location | Viewing Advised
"Detached Bungalow built late 1930s & later extensions. Lounge, conservatory, kitchen/breakfast rm, 3 bedrooms, shower rm, gas radiator c/h, mainly uPVC double glazed, garage, workshops, large garden, front & rear drives, convenient location. (Ref: 8341N)."
"In a popular location in Werrington Village , Three bedroom Semi Detached with a separate garage in need of modernising . Being sold with No Chain .Great Opportunity !! Call the Werrington Office to book appointment today ."
"We are delighted to welcome this three bedroom semi-detached family home. This property benefits from having off road parking, a garage and is well presented throughout."
"Sharman Quinney are proud to present this 4 bedroom semi-detached property in the heart of Hampton Hargate. Being within walking distance to Serpentine Green, local parks and nature reserves, Buckthorn road would make for the perfect investment or family home."
"IDEAL FAMILY HOME….situated in a popular cul-de-sac location close to schools. Benefits from FOUR BEDROOMS, kitchen/diner, conservatory, study area and shower rooms. Outside continues with ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN. View Now!"
"Don't miss out on this detached bungalow in the desirable area of Gunthorpe, it offers spacious room sizes, a generous plot size and is available with No Forward Chain. Outside the property there is ample parking on a block paved area with a driveway leading to the detached garage. The rear ..."
"Modern semi detached home in a sought after location. Comprising of entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge and kitchen diner. First floor landing leads to three bedrooms, family bathroom and en-suite to the master bedroom. Driveway leads to a single garage and enclosed rear garden. OFFERED FOR SALE WITH N"
* Corner Plot with potential to extend (STP) * Cloakroom/En-Suite/Bathroom * Tandem Length Single Garage & Driveway * Owned Solar Panels * Total Floor Area 83 Square Metres * Council Tax Band C £1650.00 pa *  
"Mandairs is pleased to present this large 3 bedroom semi-detached house to the market. Providing an open plan kitchen/diner, this property has been refurbished throughout to a high standard. Located close to the City Centre and local schools this property is an ideal family home. Call us to view."
"City and County are excited to reveal this FOUR/FIVE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED CHALET HOME which would make a perfect first time buy or next upsize. The property is conveniently located within proximity to the City Hospital, City Centre and other local amenities. The accommodation briefly comprises, ..."
"Looking for a well-presented FOUR BEDROOM home close to the city centre?Need TWO BATHROOMs & THREE WCsWant a LOW MAINTENANCE HOUSE & GARDEN?Then look no further! Light & airy accommodation spread over THREE floors with a generous sized LOUNGE, open-plan into a ..."
"This modern, end terrace townhouse in brief comprises of; entrance hall, living room, ground floor WC, kitchen/diner, two double bedrooms to the first floor, family bathroom and master bedroom on top floor with en suite."
 SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT - FLETTON QUAYS - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - UNDERGROUND PARKING - HIGH SPEC FINISH - EN SUITE TO MASTER - CLOSE TO TRAIN STATION - IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CALL OUR SALES TEAM ON 
"Detached bungalow on Addington Way in Werrington Village. In brief, this property comprises of; entrance hall, kitchen, lounge/diner, conservatory, three bedrooms and a shower room. Front & rear low maintenance gardens, drive & garage. No Forwarding Chain."
* Immaculate Condition Throughout * Re-Fitted Kitchen * Single Garage & Driveway * Total Floor Area 92 Square Metres * Energy Rating B * Bathroom/En-Suite/Cloakroom * Viewing Recommended * Garden Office/Beauty Room *
"IDEAL INVESTMENT - This three bedroom townhouse is located less than a mile from Peterborough City Hospital, and close to local amenities including Bretton Centre. Available with NO CHAIN, early viewing is recommended."
"City and County are excited to market this spacious, three bedroom, bay fronted terrace property, situated in the City Centre of Peterborough. The property briefly comprises, entrance hall, lounge with a bay window to the front, a second reception room which is an open plan family area/kitchen/di..."
* Short walk to the City Centre & Railway Station * Open-Plan Kitchen/Living Room/Diner * En-Suite/Bathroom/Cloakroom * Built-In-Wardrobes in Bedroom One * Off-Road Parking to the rear * Low Maintenance Rear Garden * Total Floor Space 104sq Metres * Energy Rated B * Council Tax Band C= &po...
"Situated in a rarely available cul de sac, this ESTABLISHED DETACHED FAMILY HOME is conveniently located for easy access to the CITY CENTRE with walking distance to the TRAIN STATION. The property is close to LOCAL SCHOOLS, the Walk-in Medical Centre and Public Transport facilities."
"The property offers an entrance porch, kitchen/diner, lounge, cloakroom, three bedrooms, ensuite to master and a family bathroom. Benefits to the property is a single garage and driveway. Close to local amenities schools and Serpentine Green Shopping Centre."
"Hudson Homes are pleased to offer for sale this immaculately presented fifth floor luxury apartment situated in the beautiful Fletton Quays Development! The apartment offers a superb standard of contemporary open plan living with riverside views, right in the centre of Peterborough."
"No chain! This three bedroom property benefits from having off road parking, a garage and an enclosed rear garden."
"Immaculately presented THREE BEDROOM semi-detached home, in a sought-after location close to the city centre. The property briefly comprises of an entrance hall, kitchen/diner, lounge, three bedrooms, EN-SUITE to master, family bathroom, easy to maintain rear garden, driveway, and a SINGLE GARAGE..."
** Extended established Semi-Detached House | Three Bedrooms | Two Reception Areas | Extended Re-Fitted Kitchen/Diner | Re-Fitted Family Bathroom | No Upward Chain | Detached Single Garage | Ample Parking | Enclosed Rear Garden | Close to Local Amenities | Popular Location | Viewing Highly Advisable
"Wonderfully presented 3 bed semi-detached family house located in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Modern and cosy living room with access to garden via patio doors Brig..."
"*NO CHAIN* HEMPSTED LOCATION * MUST VIEW Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this three bedroom semi-detached home, in a sought-after location close to the city centre. The property briefly comprises of an entrance hall, kitchen/diner, lounge, three bedrooms, EN-SUITE to master, famil..."
"Located on Fulbridge Road is this DETACHED BUNGALOW with THREE BEDROOMS, EN-SUITE, GARAGE and OFF ROAD PARKING. The rear garden is well presented and the property is close to local amenities, schools and local services. Viewings highly recommended to appreciate the accommodation."
"City & County are pleased to offer this fantastic opportunity to purchase this lovely, THREE SOREY, FAMILY HOME within proximity to Hampton Centre. Hampton is a desirable part of Peterborough with several amenities close by, including Serpentine Green, easy access to transport links, bus routes i..."
Connells are proud to present this stunning three bedroom semi detached property situated on the popular Logan Mews. The property is presented to a high standard and would make an ideal first time purchase or investment. Viewing is highly recommended - call us today for more information!
BRAND NEW HOME FOR SALE - NEW DEVELOPMENT - 10 YEAR BUILD ZONE WARRANTY - HIGH SPEC - DETACHED HOUSE - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - CLOSE TO SCHOOLS - MUST SEE - CALL OUR SALES TEAM TO FIND OUT MORE
This semi-detached family home is tucked away in a desirable position in Werrington with a SOUTH-FACING GARDEN to the rear.
"Based in popular Parnwell, this property sits at the end of a quiet Cul De Sac. Within easy walking distance to the Local Shops and on a bus route to the City. It offers modern open plan living. Features include GARAGE & DRIVEWAY. Viewings highly recommended."
This detached bungalow is situated within WALKING DISTANCE OF AMENITIES and is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN.
"Three bedroom established semi-detached property offering UPVC double glazing, gas central heating, two reception rooms, parking to front and rear and single garage"
This bay-fronted semi-detached home benefits from a GENEROUS SOUTH-FACING REAR GARDEN and is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN.
"Semi detached house in Edinburgh Avenue, Werrington. In brief this property comprises of; porch, entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, three bedrooms, family bathroom, front and rear gardens. No Forwarding Chain."
"BRAND NEW 3 Bedroom DETACHED home This home has an Entrance Hall, Kitchen, WC and LOUNGE/DINERThe first floor has 3 bedrooms and the Bathroom Outside there are 2 parking spaces and a rear garden ** The internal pictures used are for the 2 bedroom homes **"
"IDEAL FAMILY HOME....situated in a cul-de-sac location close to schools. Benefits from Three BEDROOMS, Shower room kitchen/diner, lounge, large conservatory, utility area with w/c, integral garage. Outside continues with ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN ."
"A WELL PRESENTED three bedroom semi-detached house just minutes away from Peterborough CITY CENTRE. Briefly comprising of THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, low maintenance rear garden and potential to EXTEND."
Spacious detached three bedroom house. Driveway leading to single garage. Large Kitchen/diner. Bay windows. No onward chain. Walled garden.
CORNER PLOT - Three bedroom semi-detached house set on a generous corner plot in a desirable area and sold with NO CHAIN. Early viewing is recommended.
SPACIOUS TOWN HOUSE FOR SALE IN HAMPTON - SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - GARAGE - SET OVER THREE FLOORS - TWO EN SUITE BEDROOMS - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - CLOSE TO AMENITIES - OVER 1400 SQ FT - CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM TO FIND OUT MORE
"The popular Epping is a two-bedroom home featuring a bright and modern open-plan kitchen/dining/living room with French doors leading into the garden. The first-floor study, the handy storage cupboard and the two good-sized bedrooms ensure that it ticks all the boxes for practical family living."
"*** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM HOME *** '' Offers are invited in excess of £260,000. Located in Hempsted, a popular location close to the city centre and Hampton, is this tastefully decorated three bedroom end of terrace property. Featuring a cloakroom, a good sized lounge/diner..."
"Mandairs is pleased to offer this very well presented 3 bedroom detached family home to the market. Benefitting from having a garage with a driveway providing off road parking, a lounge/diner, a conservatory and is located in the sought after location of Werrington. "
"The perfect detached house in a cul-de-sac location, this is the ideal family home close to local schools, amenities and travel links in the highly desirable area of Werrington just north of Peterborough. The property itself benefits from an entrance hall with storage space under the stairs,..."
CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES IN STANGROUND - This 3 bedroom detached bungalow that has been refurbished throughout and is ideally situated close to the local bus stop and other local amenities. ...
"Modern semi detached home on the sought after Sugar Way development. The property offers three bedrooms, en suite to bedroom one, cloakroom, family bathroom, kitchen diner, living room, enclosed rear garden, single garage and parking. *** NO FORWARD CHAIN ***"
"Fancy living just a couple minutes from the CITY CENTRE? This WELL PRESENTED three bedroom SEMI-DETACHED house could be your next home! With much to offer such as off road parking, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS and is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN!"
"***VIEWINGS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED*** Bairstow Eves are pleased to present this unique home in the popular location of Park Farm and is offered with no forward chain. This beautiful property has an open plan living/diner with stunning flooring, sky lights and bi folding doors opening to the rear..."
"This detached bungalow is tucked away in a popular cul-de-sac position, being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"DON'T MISS OUT! This well-presented end terrace townhouse sits in the popular Sugar Way area, close to Peterborough City Centre and within easy access to Ferry Meadows Country Park. It overlooks green space to the front and has a private rear garden which isn't overlooked. As well as modern and s..."
"City and County are pleased to market this three-bedroom, detached bungalow in Stanground. This property offers NO FORWARD CHAIN, and benefits from gas central heating and uPVC double glazing. Situated close to local amenities, this property would suit someone looking to downsize, or a family. "
"City & County are pleased to market this beautifully presented THREE BEDROOM semi-detached home, in the sought-after location of Hempstead, close to Peterborough City Centre. The property briefly comprises of an entrance hall, kitchen/dining room, lounge/dining room, three bedrooms, family bathro..."
*CUL-DE-SAC* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* *IDEAL FIRST TIME OR INVESTMENT PURCHASE* *CONVERTED GARAGE* *NO CHAIN* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 3 Bedroom Semi Detached House in the popular location of Hampton Gardens. The property was built in 2019 and ...
"** Established Semi Detached House | No Upward Chain | Three Bedrooms | 24'8"" Lounge/Diner | Conservatory | Fitted Kitchen | Downstairs Cloakroom | Fitted Family Bathroom | Single garage plus Carport | Enclosed Rear & Side Gardens | Corner Plot | Walking Distance To Local Shops | Viewing Recommended"
"STOP LOOKING! This THREE bedroom Family home is presented to a HIGH STANDARD throughout and has a 17ft LOUNGE, kitchen/diner, cloakroom, three bedrooms with an EN SUITE, whilst outside there is a GARAGE. The property is located within a POPULAR AREA."
*CUL-DE-SAC* *POPULAR LOCATION* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 3 Bedroom Detached Family Home in the popular location of Werrington. The property is situated in a cul-de-sac and is close to local amenities and is within easy access to A15 and co...
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! CUL DE SAC LOCATION! DETACHED BUNGALOW located in LONGTHORPE close to local schools, amenities & easy access to Ferry Meadows Country Park & the City Centre. The property is ideal for someone looking to downsize. Viewings highly recommended."
"Looking for the perfect family home? Tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac this semi-detached house could be extended to the side (subject to planning). It's offered for sale with no forward chain and briefly comprises of, living room, opening to dining room, double doors into the garden, kitchen,..."
"This modern semi-detached home in Hampton Gardens is only a couple of years old and is ideal for a first time buyer, family or investors. Offering three bedrooms with an en-suite to the master, a cloakroom, good sized lounge and kitchen/diner, a good sized garden and driveway, not to mention the ..."
AS GOOD AS NEW A fabulous three bedroom detached property located in Walton which has great amenities and excellent transport links. Being marketed with NO CHAIN this would be a perfect opportunity to secure a great priced property in a great location.
"This three bedroom extended semi-detached property is situated in the sought after location of Werrington. The property comprises of an entrance hall, Lounge, Kitchen, Dining Area, Three bedrooms and a Family Bathroom. The property also benefits from a driveway and an enclosed garden to the..."
"** THREE BEDROOMS ** SEMI DETACHED ** EN-SUITE ** GARAGE ** NO UPWARD CHAIN ** Situated on the highly sought after Sugar Way development with easy access to local amenities, schools, City Centre and Train Station"
"Situated within the much sought after location, this well presented detached home offers spacious accommodation, making it an excellent family home. With three bedrooms, family bathroom and two reception rooms this family home really must be viewed."
"Modern WELL PRESENTED semi detached house in the sought after location of Hampton Gardens. Comprising of THREE BEDROOMS, refitted En-suite and family bathroom. Kitchen with integrated appliances, double width parking and enclosed rear garden. IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT "
"Harrison Rose Estate Agents are delighted to present this semi-detached three bedroom family home located in Whittlesey. Comprising a kitchen, living room, sun room, utility room, landing, three bedrooms, family bathroom, front lawn, rear garden and off road parking. This property is one not b..."
"Harrison Rose Estate Agents are delighted to present this detached three bedroom family home located in Whittlesey. Comprising, entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, utility area, three bedrooms, family bathroom, ample off road parking, outbuildings which could be used fo..."
"Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this 3 bedroom end terrace home located in Hampton situated south of Peterborough is a popular location great access to the lakes and shops .Kitchen 14' 9"" x 9' 4"" ( 4.50m x 2.84m )Worktops with a square edge, cupboards at base and eye level + drawers..."
"MOTIVATED SELLER NO FORWARD CHAIND detached family home in the popular location of Werrington, North of Peterborough. The property offers three/four bedrooms, gas central heating, double glazing, refitted kitchen with built in appliances, enclosed gardens, driveway and single garage. . "
Speak to our Sales Executive for more information. .Plot 543 The Caddington is a three-bedroom modern home. Fall in love with an open-plan kitchen and dining room and enjoy a spacious lounge filled with light from French doors onto the garden. Reserve with a 5% deposit using our Deposit Unlock sc...
"A Modern three double bedroom family home situated on this popular development and providing a single garage with driveway parking, rear gardens with good degrees of privacy and an en suite to the main bedroom. The accommodation is conventionally arranged across two floors and briefly comprises o..."
"City and County are pleased to market this three-bedroom terraced property, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in Sugar Way, Peterborough. This property offers easy access to schools, amenities and transport links. This is a perfect family home. The property benefits from gas central heating, and uPV..."
"Based in popular New England and easy walking distance to Fulbridge School, this family home is set in a quiet cul-de-sac. It boasts three bedrooms, lounge & kitchen with breakfast bar. Good size rear garden accessed from the Conservatory. Friendly neighbours and on a bus route to the City."
Presenting this spacious three bedroom end of terrace property situated on the popular Buckthorn Road. The property offers easy access to Hampton's amenities and would make an ideal investment.
"Located at the new multi-million-pound development Fletton Quays, this LUXURY two-bedroom apartment offers a superb standard of living with RIVERSIDE VIEWS right at the heart of Peterborough. The apartment offers contemporary OPEN-PLAN living areas, FULLY-EQUIPPED kitchen with integrated applianc..."
"This fantastic THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME in the popular location of Walton Park. The property benefits from being set on a corner plot with off road parking and garage. Located within close proximity to amenities, transport links & the Brotherhood Retail Park."
"£250,000 - £275,000 (Guide Price) This beautiful three-bedroom, three-storey semi-detached house is situated on the edge of Hampton Vale. Much improved by the current vendors with over 1190 sqft accommodation on three levels incorporating a ground floor space with underfloor heating throughout..."
SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT - FLETTON QUAYS - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - UNDERGROUND PARKING - HIGH SPEC FINISH - EN SUITE TO MASTER - CLOSE TO TRAIN STATION - IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CALL OUR SALES TEAM ON 
"This property is being sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN. The property also benefits from TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, REAR GARDEN and a 36'5 OUTBUILDING."
"***GUIDE PRICE £250,000 - £275,000*** This detached bungalow is situated within a quiet position, being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"Purplebricks are pleased to offer this 3 bedroom semi-detached home located in Fengate Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, bathroom, lean to , three bedrooms, shared off road parking, front and rear gardens. Planning for cladding and solar panels has also been accep..."
"A delightful two double bedroom, two bathroom apartment, on the 3rd floor, within the ever popular Fletton Quays development. The apartment is one apartment back from the river and comes with a balcony to enjoy the views. The kitchen is fully integrated and open plan to the spacious reception roo..."
"An immaculate semi-detached house in a cul-de-sac location, benefitting from a good-sized plot and spacious accommodation throughout, this is the ideal family home! The property features a front garden with a long driveway to the side which leads up to a single garage and side access to the r..."
"Sharman Quinney are proud to present this CHAIN FREE modern three Bedroom House located in Hampton Gardens. The property comprises of three bedrooms, en-suite to master, lounge, kitchen/diner, cloakroom/WC, family bathroom, enclosed rear garden with side gate access to double driveway."
"The perfect family home! Sitting in a quiet cul-de-sac with easy access to travel links, schools and amenities, this modern semi-detached house is in immaculate condition throughout! If you're looking for the ideal house to move straight into then don't miss out on a viewing! The property fe..."
"City and County are excited to market this spacious, three-bedroom semi-detached property, located on the outskirts of Peterborough City Centre. The property briefly comprises, entrance hall, lounge, diner, kitchen with access to the downstairs cloakroom, storage cupboards and a garage. Upstairs ..."
"RARE OPPORTUNITY! This spacious DETACHED BUNGALOW is just a short bus ride into the CITY CENTRE! Briefly comprising of a TWENTY FOOT LOUNGE/DINNER, well presented CONSERVATRY and is offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN!"
"This bay-fronted semi-detached home benefits from TWO RECEPTION ROOMS downstairs, THREE BEDROOMS upstairs and a SOUTH-WEST FACING GARDEN to the rear, situated within close proximity to amenities."
"SPACIOUS APARTMENT!! This LUXURY sixth floor apartment is being offered for sale with NO UPWARD chain.. The property has HIGH spec FINISHES throughout with OPEN plan living area, TWO DOUBLE bedrooms & SECURE PARKING."
"Set on a good size plot, on a quiet ""no thru road"" this pretty TWO BEDROOM BUNGALOW in New England boasts modern KITCHEN and BATHROOM. Set close to the City with easy access to the great rail links. Well supported with walking distance to schools and shops and Medical Centre."
"City and County are excited to market this three bedroom, semi-detached Chalet Bungalow, In a quiet cul-de-sac situated in Bretton. Offering easy access to Peterborough City Hospital, local schooling and Bretton centre. This property offers a great opportunity to purchase a blank canvas and put y..."
"EXTENDED 4 Bedroom semi detached home in CUL-DE-SAC. ** MODERNISATION REQUIRED **The property has an Entrance Hall, large Kitchen/Diner, conservatory with double doors into the garden, large lounge and bathroomThe first floor has 3 double bedrooms a generous single and the FAMILY SHOWEROOM.The..."
"**THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE IN THE HEART OF WALTON PARK!** Beebys Property Services are delighted to offer to the market this well maintained three bedroom detached house on a corner plot. With a well sized garden and plenty of off road parking, this family home offers entrance hall wi..."
"** Extended, semi-detached House situated in a popular location and offering, no upward chain and comprises of, entrance hall, lounge/diner, re-fitted kitchen with archway through to the breakfast area, first floor landing leading to three bedrooms, and a re-fitted four piece family bathroom. Out..."
"*MUST VIEW * PASTON LOCATION * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this three bedroom family detached home located in Paston Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, utility room, cloakroom, sun room, three bedrooms, bathroom, garage, off road parking, fro..."
"A well proportioned family home which is set in a pleasant non estate location & offers: entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen. three bedrooms, bathroom, front & rear gardens, driveway, garage / work shop. This home is offered with no sale & must be viewed to appreciate."
"This FANTASTIC DETACHED BUNGALOW which offers huge potential and ready for someone to move in and put their own stamp on things. Located in a popular residential area of Stanground, which offers easy access to amenities and transport links. Features include SINGLE GARAGE & TWO RECEPTION ROOMS."
"Three bedroom, semi detached house in New England. Accommodation comprises of an entrance porch leading to hall, lounge, kitchen, WC and conservatory. To the first floor there are three bedrooms and a bathroom. Outside to the front is a gravel driveway and side access through to the rear garden."
"Certainly, here's a more descriptive version of the property: Introducing this stunning 3-bedroom end-terraced house, ideally located in the highly desirable area of Hampton. This beautiful property offers a wealth of features, including a welcoming entrance hall, leading to a modern and s..."
* Investors Only * 5 Bedroom HMO * HMO Licence * Close to the City Centre * Council Tax B £1443 * Total Floor Area 111 Square Metres * Energy Rating D * 
"PropertyLine are pleased to present this FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY or potential family home! The property is CENTRALLY located offering easy access to local amenities and transport links. The property briefly compromises entrance hall, two reception rooms, kitchen and four bedrooms. Outs..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £250,000 - £300,000*** City & County are pleased to present this FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY offering a GENEROUS BUILDING PLOT with PLANNING PERMISSION for a FOUR BEDROOMED DWELLING. This would make an ideal self-build for someone looking to design their own home in a private..."
WELL PRESENTED ECO HOME FOR SALE - SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT - WALKING DISTANCE TO CITY CENTRE - BIFOLD DOORS - DOWNSTAIRS WC - DRIVEWAY - HIGH SPEC FINISH THROUGHOUT - PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY - CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
"Boasting high end design and a prime location along the River Nene, Nene Wharf at Fletton Quays raises the bar for Peterborough living. 128 one & two bedroom apartments with private parking."
"****FOR SALE***BRAND NEW APARTMENT*** Kenneally Property Services are delighted to be offering a BRAND NEW high quality TWO bedroom apartment at CLARKSON HOUSE, FLETTON QUAYS. The apartment boast superb garden views with an east facing terrace and a secure allocated parking bay. The apartment..."
"City and County Peterborough are very pleased to offer for sale this modern semi-detached family home located on the popular Cardea development, close to local shops, schools and local amenities. Benefitting from uPVC double glazing , gas central heating throughout and solar panels. Styl..."
"Immaculately presented throughout is this modern semi detached home, located on the Park Farm development, benefiting from refitted kitchen, refitted bathroom and refitted cloakroom. Accommodation comprises three bedrooms, refitted UPVC double glazing, new boiler, single garage with power/ lighting"
"Mandairs is pleased to present this 3 bedroom semi-detached house to the market. This property is well presented with a kitchen/diner, lounge, cloakroom, family bathroom, en-suite shower and a single garage to the rear with parking. Located in the sought after area of Cardea."
"A spacious semi-detached townhouse in the highly desirable Hampton area, available with No Forward Chain! Recently re-decorated and new flooring laid throughout, this spacious house is ideal for a family home or investment buyers. The property benefits from three floors of spacious living, gr..."
Set in popular Walton this three bedroom home is set on a good size plot with AMPLE PARKING AND GARAGE. The current owner is fitting a new kitchen in which will be included in the sale. Close to good schools and shops with easy access to the City. Viewings highly recommended.
"3 BEDROOM semi detached home with 2 RECEPTION ROOMS in CUL-DE-SAC. The property has an Entrance hall with storage and access to the Lounge, Dining Room and the Kitchen. The ground floor also has a WC and rear lobby. The first floor has 3 bedrooms and the bathroom. Outside the home has a driveway ..."
"Located in the sought after area of Orton Longueville, is this semi detached chalet bungalow. The property benefits from a new boiler, UPVC double glazing, three bedrooms (potential for four), large rear garden and a driveway providing off road parking which leads to the detached single garag"
"City and County are delighted to present for sale this nicely presented Bay fronted semi detached family home, located within easy reach of Peterborough City centre and Railway station . Deceptive accommodation comprising entrance hall, bay fronted reception room, currently used as a bea..."
"Situated within the much sought after location, this recently refurbished three bedroom home offers spacious accommodation, making it an excellent family home. With three bedrooms, family bathroom, en-suite shower room and living room this family home really must be viewed."
"Spacious, well presented three bedroom, semi detached house located in the popular New England area. Accommodation comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, conservatory, cloakroom. To the first floor there are three bedrooms and bathroom. Outside a rear garden and off road parking."
"This well presented two bedroom Semi-Detached Bungalow in the sought after location of Netherton briefly comprises of a front and rear garden, a single garage and is offered with no forward chain."
"***Offered with No Forward Chain!*** City and County are very pleased to offer for sale this superbly presented two bedroom semi detached bungalow that is located down a private road, and has been renovated completely throughout. This would make a perfect downsize or first time buy for someone lo..."
"*** 2 BEDROOM OVER 55'S BUNGALOW *** '' Nestled at the end of a cul de sac in Gunthorpe, this two bedroom semi detached bungalow is beautifully presented. Sold with no onward chain, this property is for over 55's and is a very short walk away from a bus stop. It features an entrance hall,..."
"This luxury second floor two bedroom apartment is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN, superbly set for access to Peterborough train station and the City Centre."
SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - CLOSE TO CITY CENTRE - DRIVEWAY WITH GARAGE - LIVE VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"Looking for the perfect family home, set an a great location with oodles of amenities in walking distance? This extended three-bedroom home will be taking all your boxes! Lutton Grove is an immaculately presented 3 bedroom, benefiting from renovation throughout , brand-new high spec kitchen wi..."
"Ideal family home set in a small cul de sac and within easy access of the city centre, local amenities and also benefits from having the Lime Acadamy Abbotsmede school at the bottom of the road.This home offers the following accommodation: entrance hall, lounge, kitchen diner, rear lobb..."
"Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 3 Bedroom End Terrace House in the popular location of Cardea. The property is situated close to local amenities and comprises of: Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Lounge, Kitchen/Dining Room. The first floor has the Master Bedroom with En-Suite, 2 fur..."
"City and County are pleased to market this immaculate, three-bedroom semi detached property, situated in close proximity to Peterborough City Centre. The property is modern throughout and briefly comprises, entrance hall, downstairs WC, kitchen and a lounge/diner. Upstairs, there are three bedroo..."
Springbok Properties offers this extended Three Bedroom Semi Detached Property with Annexe to the market. Viewing is advised we anticipate a lot of interest in this property. 
"£240,000 - £260,000 (Guide Price) This three-bedroom semi-detached house is situated in a convenient location within a short distance of Central Park and Kings School and approximately half a mile from Peterborough City Centre. With over 1100 sqft accommodation on two levels..."
"Located close to Shops, Schools, Church and with easy access to the City Centre is this TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW. Features include OFF ROAD PARKING and could be extended (STP). Viewings highly recommended to appreciate the property."
"EXCELLENCE COMES AS STANDARD This fabulous three bedroom property is in immaculate condition and move in ready. The property benefits from a fully fitted kitchen/diner, cloakroom, family bathroom, landscaped garden & garage. Only by viewing can one appreciate this home."
"This well presented end terrace home will impress the most astute of buyers. Positioned in a sought after location in Peterborough surrounded by other quality modern homes, it exudes a certain style you will be delighted to share with friends and family."
"GROSSING £24,420.00 PER ANNUM RENT - RUNNING INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - LOCAL TO AMENETIES - LOCAL TO HOSPITAL - IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - PRIVATE REAR GARDEN - FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT THE SALES TEAM ON"
"William H Brown are delighted to exclusively offer for sale this three bedroom semi detached house situated in Woodston. The property comprises of an entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, three bedrooms and a family bathroom. There is a driveway leading to a single garage. No forward chain."
"Bay fronted 3 BEDROOM semi detached home with NO CHAIN. The property has an Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Conservatory/Family Room, Kitchen, WC and Utility Room. The first floor has 3 bedrooms and the bathroom. The proeprty has a rear garden and DRIVEWAY also"
This semi-detached home is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN and benefits from a SUPERB OUTLOOK TO THE REAR.
"Modern three bedroom semi detached home located on the new development of Cardea. The property comprises gas central heating, double glazing, modern kitchen diner, cloakroom, lounge, three bedrooms, family bathroom and en suite to master bedroom. Off road parking to the front and an enclosed garde"
"Immaculate condition throughout and recently refurbished by the current owners, this detached bungalow sits in a quiet cul-de-sac and is a must-view! The bungalow benefits from off-road parking for two vehicles to the front of the property, the driveway leads up to a single garage with singl..."
SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - CLOSE TO HOSPITAL - CLOSE TO SCHOOLS - LARGE PLOT - DRIVEWAY - GARAGE - MUST SEE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CALL US ON !
"Located in a quiet cul-de-sac in Stanground, this three-bedroom, semi-detached property is perfect for a family home. Situated close to local amenities, and benefitting from gas central heating and double glazing. The property briefly comprises, entrance porch, lounge/diner, extended ki..."
"City and County are excited to market this three bedroom semi-detached family home, within proximity to Peterborough City Centre, local transport links, schooling, and local amenities. The property benefits from gas central heating and uPVC double glazing. The property briefly comprises,..."
"SAT ON A GENEROUS PLOT OF 0.14 of an ACRE (sts), this THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW located in a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC in the hugely popular WERRINGTON VILLAGE is offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN"
"STUNNING 3 bedroom EXTENDED HOME with SOLAR PANELS and GARAGE. The home has been REFURBISHED to a high spec and has an Entrance with access to the Lounge, REFITTED KITCHEN/DINER with open plan to the Dining Area and a REFITTED BATHROOM. The first floor has 3 bedrooms and the REFITTED SHOWER ROOM...."
A three bedroom semi detached home with two reception rooms and a fitted kitchen.
"*** No Forward Chain – GUIDE PRICE £235,000-£250,000*** City and County are pleased to present this THREE BEDROOMED Semi-Detached family home located in the popular central location of Peterborough, offering easy access to amenities and transport links to Peterborough train station. Ideal pro..."
"City and County Peterborough are excited to present this TWO BEDROOMED SEMI-DETACHED CHARACTER home, located in a popular central location, close to local shops, schools, colleges, and the new University. This home would be perfect for a first-time buyer or investor. Benefitting from uPVC double ..."
Sharman Quinney are delighted to market this three bedroom end of terrace house in Gladstone street. Close to shops and other local amenities this property is a perfect investment or first time buy!
" *STUNNING PENTHOUSE APARTMENT * MUST VIEW* Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this stunning 2 bedroom apartment in Fengate Peterborough in brief comprises of 2 bedrooms, en-suite, study, bathroom and Modern open plan KITCHEN / DINING and LIVING ROOM. Access from the Living Room to..."
"William H Brown are delighted to exclusively offer for sale this three bedroom terraced house. The property comprises of a lounge, dining room, kitchen, downstairs bathroom, three bedrooms, a converted loft room, a front garden area and a private rear garden."
Established Semi Detached House | Three Bedrooms | Lounge + Dining + Refitted Kitchen Areas | Downstairs WC | Utility/Store Room | Wet Room | Non Overlooked Enclosed Rear Garden | Off Road Parking
Situated access to Whittlesey and to Peterborough. This two bedroom detached bungalow offers spacious living accommodation with ample off road parking and mooring rights to the rear of the property.
A three bedroom semi-detached house just minutes away from Peterborough City Centre. This property is offered with no forward chain making it a perfect investment or first time buy!
"**GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £250,000** ***Offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN!*** City and County are excited to present this THREE BEDROOMED Semi-Detached family home located in a quiet Cul-de-sac of Dogsthorpe with easy access to amenities and transport links to the City Centre. Ideal property for firs..."
AVAILABLE NOW!
"***Offered with No Forward Chain with a GUIDE PRICE OF £230,000-£250,000*** City and County are excited to market this three/four bed, semi-detached property within close proximity to Peterborough City Centre. There is local transport links, schooling and amenities. The property bri..."
"City and County are pleased to market this three-bedroom, semi-detached property in a quiet cul-de-sac located ten minutes from Peterborough City Centre, and is a perfect family or a first-time purchase. The property briefly comprises, entrance hall, lounge diner with sliding doors lead..."
"Three Bedroom, Semi Detached House located close to the City Centre. Accommodation comprises of an Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Utility Room, and Bathroom. To the First Floor there are Three Bedrooms. Outside is a Rear Garden and On Street Parking."
"Having been recently decorated throughout and offered for sale with NO FORWARD CHAIN is this modern bungalow. The property is located in the sought after area of Botolph Green and is within easy reach of Ferry Meadows Country Park, Peterborough rowing lake and golf course. The property offers elec"
* Viewing Recommended * Integral Garage & Parking for 3 Vehicles * uPVC Conservatory * Low Maintenance Garden * Ideal 1st Time Buy * Close to A47 & A/15 * Total Floor Area 68 Square Metres * Council Tax Band B £1443 pa * 
This modern semi-detached home is situated within close proximity to local schooling and amenities and benefits from THREE BEDROOMS and a WEST FACING GARDEN to the rear.
"NO UPWARD CHAIN….Benefits from THREE BEDROOMS, lounge and separate family room. Outside continues with off road parking, garage and GOOD SIZE REAR GARDEN. Close to local schools and amenities within easy access to transport links."
"***GUIDE PRICE £230,000-£250,000*** City and County are pleased to offer this DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS FAMILY home situated in a popular residential location, which offers easy access to the City Centre, train station, schooling, and amenities. The property briefly comprises, entrance hall, two recep..."
"* FULL OF CHARACTER* MUST VIEW*Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this Three Bedroom, Semi Detached House located close to the City Centre. Accommodation comprises of an Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Utility Room, and Bathroom. To the First Floor there are Three Bedrooms...."
"IDEAL FIRST TIME BUYER property situated in a popular location close to local schools and amenities. Benefits from THREE BEDROOMS and extended sun room/dining area. Outside continues with off road parking, garage and ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN."
"1930's Bay fronted three bedroom semi detached property with two reception rooms. The property consists of a lounge, kitchen, dining room, three bedrooms and bathroom. The property also benefits from rear enclosed garden and garage with electrics."
"This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase this THREE-bedroom SEMI-DETACHED character family home, which is situated in a central location, and offers easy access to the train station, City Center, amenities, schools and Peterborough college. The property briefly comprises, entrance hall, lounge..."
Haart Estate Agents are delighted to exclusively offer for sale this three bedroom end of terrace house situated in Peterborough
"*** IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPURTUNITY *** ""Rosedale are pleased to offer this well presented modern terrace home which is located within walking distance to the city centre and train station. The vendor had asked for all viewers to be cash buyers only. The commute to London from Peterborough Statio..."
Ready to move into. Flooring throughout. Legal fees paid. East facing garden. Overlooking green spaces. .Plot 554 is a lovely end-of-terrace home overlooking green spaces in a cul-de-sac location at the edge of the development. Plus you only need a 5% deposit using our Deposit Unlock scheme.**Spe...
LUXURY APARTMENT! This ONE bedroom fourth floor apartment is in a SOUGHT after LOCATION with good access to the CITY CENTRE. The property is finished off to a HIGH SPECIFICATION with fitted KITCHEN and INTEGRATED appliances. There is also secure underground PARKING.
"Based in popular Millfield, this beautiful modern extended home boasts refitted kitchen, separate living & dining rooms, cloak room and Family shower room, fully tiled. Millfield is close to local Schools, shops and within easy access to the City. Fully recommend viewings to appreciate the property."
"HIGH QUALITY, TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT! This TWO bedroom apartment is situated in an AWARD WINNING residence complex for over 60's. This SPACIOUS property has 17ft LOUNGE/DINER, two bedrooms with EN SUITE to master & further shower ROOM. There is also allocated PARKING SPACE."
"This fantastic property which offers huge potential is situated on the south side of Peterborough in desirable residential area, which offers easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling & the A1. Features include LARGE GARDEN, DRIVEWAY and SHOWER ROOM. Viewings highly recommended."
"SUPERBLY PRESENTED retirement apartment with a WALK-OUT BALCONY and GARDEN VIEWS. Modern kitchen with BUILT -IN APPLIANCES, double bedroom with a WALK-IN WARDROBE and a CONTEMPORARY shower room completes this lovely apartment. ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE in the private car park."
"A unique opportunity has arisen to purchase a 3-bedroom ground floor apartment that offers circa 1150sq.ft of well-presented accommodation. Located on the south side of the Serpentine Lake in the heart of Hampton, conveniently positioned only a few minutes’ walk from its many local amenitie..."
"Stunning, two bedroom apartment located on Park Road. A great opportunity to purchase! Benefitting from an En-Suite bathroom to master and En-Suite shower room to bedroom 2, kitchen, lounge/diner, double height ceilings, two parking spaces, GYM and CINEMA in the complex. CALL TODAY!!"
"***Offered with No Forward Chain!*** City and County are pleased to present this fantastic THREE BEDROOMED Semi Detached Bungalow offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN. Located down a quiet road of Werrington Village, with easy access to amenities and transport links. This bungalow briefly comprises: ent..."
We are pleased to offer to the market this this three bedroom semi-detached family home which is being sold with no forward chain.
WALKING DISTANCE TO GREAT LOCAL AMENITIES! Offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN this WELL PRESENTED four bedroom END OF TERRACE property is a MUST VIEW!
"***CENTRAL LOCATION*** Offers easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling, Train Station and the City Centre. Features include TWO RECEPTIONS, UPDATED BOILER AND ELECTRICS. Viewings highly recommended to appreciate the accommodation on offer."
Sharman Quinney are pleased to offer this heavily extended home to the market. This spacious property offers excellent local amenities and is being sold with no forward chain.
"Mandairs is pleased to present this extended three/four bedroom home to the market. Offering double bedrooms, a large kitchen/diner, two shower rooms, communal parking and is located in the sought after area of Bretton with easy access links to the City Centre and Peterborough City Hospital."
"Smart Move are delighted to offer for sale, this three bedroom property, located in Gunthorpe. Situated within close proximity to local amenities, schools and access to major road networks, this property would be an ideal first time purchase. Accommodation comprises entrance, living room, dini..."
"An Ideal First Home Available with Immediate Vacant Possession.This modern well presented two-bedroom semi-detached home can be found in the popular area of Cardea, south of the city centre. Cardea offers a variety of local shops, Morrisons, Pub and Restaurant, and Local Junior and Seni..."
"We welcome to the market this fantastic three bedroom semi-detached family home. This property benefits from having an enclosed rear garden, dining area and is close to local amenities."
"Hudson Homes are pleased to present this fully refurbished, three bedroom, family home, located in the popular village of Farcet within close proximity to good schools and amenities.The accommodation comprises of a living room, dining room, kitchen, bathroom and three bedrooms upstairs."
"2 BEDROOM SEMI DETCACHED HOMEThis home could be a perfect First Time Buy or Investment. On the first floor there is an Entrance Hall, WC, Kitchen, Lounge/Diner and a CONSERVATORYUpstairs, there are TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and a Family Shower RoomOutside there is ALLOCATED PARKING and a s garden to th..."
"Being sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN this four bedroom END OF TERRACE house situated just minutes away from Peterborough city hospital briefly comprises of a CONSERVATRY, lots of STORAGE SPACE and a 17FT KITCHEN AREA!"
* No Forward Chain * Total Floor Area 82 Square Metres * Two Reception Rooms * Single Garage & Parking * Close to Shops & Schools  * Council Tax Band A £1237 *
"PUBLIC NOTICE Connells are now in receipt of an offer for the sum of £235,000 for 9 Lammas Road. Anyone wishing to place an offer on this property should contact Connells Peterborough before exchange of contracts"
CALLING ALL FIRST TIME BUYERS AND INVESTORS! Call now to view this stunning three bedroom terraced house just minutes away from Peterborough city centre!
"**Offered with No Forward Chain!** City and County Peterborough are very pleased to offer for sale this semi-detached family home, located in a popular central location, close to local shops, schools, colleges, and the new University. This home would be perfect for an investor. Benefitting from u..."
Set in a quiet cul-de-sac location over three floors this three / four bedroom home offers versatile and spacious living accommodation for the whole family and is conveniently located for easy access to all local amenities.
* Cul-De-Sac Location * Total Floor Area 62 Square Metres * uPVC Conservatory * Shower Room * Energy Rating B * Lounge/Dining Room * Two Double Bedrooms * Viewing Recommended * Parking to the Front * Easy Maintenance Garden * 
"Mandairs is pleased to present this three bedroom semi-detached home to the market. Providing two reception rooms, kitchen, a shower room, front and rear gardens, garage with off road parking, close to schools and local amenities and located in the popular area of Fletton."
"Looking for the perfect 2 Bed Home with no chain? This terraced home overlooking green spaces with off-street parking will tick all your box's! Bigger than your average two-bedroom home, the Fairfield gives you more space for your money. As you enter this stunning home, the hallway leads yo..."
"City & County are pleased to offer this perfect FIRST TIME BUY or INVESTMENT opportunity! This THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED home, with TWO RECEPTION ROOMS is located within proximity to the city centre, train station and other local amenities. The property benefits from gas central heating and uPV..."
"This well presented THREE BEDROOM end of terrace home in Bretton has come to market, briefly comprising of REAR ACCESS PARKING, SINGLE GARAGE and great size KITCHEN/DINER. Call Sharman Quinney to arrange your viewing!"
"EXTENDED 3/4 Bedroom End-Terraced home. The property has an Entrance Hall, Kitchen/Diner, Lounge, Bedroom 4/Study with Shower Room. The first floor has 3 bedrooms and an additional Shower Room. Outside the home has Communal parking to the front and Low Maintenance Garden"
"Three bedroom, end terraced house. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, kitchen/diner, lounge, bedroom one and en-suite. To the first floor there are three further bedrooms and a shower room. Outside is a rear garden and off road parking to the front. Viewings recommended "
"City & County present this FANTASTIC opportunity for FIRST TIME BUYERS or INVESTORS to purchase this well established semi-detached property. Situated within close proximity to the city centre, train station, and local amenities. Comprising lounge, dining room, under storage cupboard and galley s..."
"Set in popular Paston, close to Schools & shops this family home boasts Three double bedrooms to the first floor with a modern family Shower room. The fourth room with en-suite is to the ground floor & currently used as a bedroom. Paston is within easy reach to the City and its excellent Rail links"
"Three Bedroom, Semi Detached House located on the popular Northfield Road, accommodation comprises of an Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Three Bedrooms, Bathroom, On Street Parking & Rear Garden - DONT MISS OUT"
"*** THREE BEDROOM HOME IN PE1 *** '' Featuring a garage and off road parking, is this three bedroomed semi-detached home. Within walking distance to schools and local amenities, this property is a fantastic investment or first time buy. Viewings are highly recommended. EPC Energy Rating - C/ C..."
"Set in the popular location of Paston, close to Schools & shops is this family home, being offered with NO CHAIN. Paston is within easy reach of the city centre and train station with regular bus routes. The property boasts a kitchen/diner, living room, cloakroom, conservatory an..."
"**NO FORWARD CHAIN** Smart Move are pleased to offer for sale, this two bedroom, semi detached property in Orton Brimbles. Situated within close proximity to local amenities, schools and fantastic access for the A1, this property is an ideal first time purchase. Accommodation comprises entran..."
"SPACIOUS mid terraced home with TWO/THREE bedrooms close to the City Centre and Train Station. FEATURES include ESTABLISHED rear garden & BASEMENT. MUST VIEW TO NOT MISS OUT! Close to Kings Schools, Peterborough Regional College and the University."
"SUPERBLY PRESENTED first floor retirement apartment with ALLOCATED PARKING. Spacious living room with access to a WALK-OUT BALCONY. Modern kitchen with BUILT IN APPLIANCES, double bedroom with WALK-IN WARDROBE and CONTEMPORARY shower room. The development offers EXCELLENT COMMUNAL FACILITIES inc..."
"Extended end terraced house offering two reception rooms, kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, downstairs bathroom, three generous sized bedrooms to the first floor. Front & rear gardens, off road parking and garage. VIEWING IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !"
"£215,000 - £235,000 (Guide Price) This well-maintained four-bedroom terraced house is ideally suited to first-time buyers, families or buy-to-let investors. Offering over 1135 sqft flexible accommodation on three levels..."
"**NO FORWARD CHAIN** Smart Move are pleased to offer for sale, this well presented two bedroom property in Gunthorpe. Improved over time by the current owners, accommodation comprises entrance, living room, kitchen, downstairs cloakroom, utility area, with two double bedrooms and a shower room to..."
"City and County Peterborough are very pleased to offer for sale this nicely presented semi detached property located on a private residential cul de sac, conveniently located within easy reach of the Peterborough City Hospital, Peterborough City Centre and railway station. Accommodation comprises..."
"Home 159 is READY TO MOVE INTO! . Book now to come and view this home!Superb upgrades inside worth £8,790 - Includes Premium Kitchen Worktop, Integrated Appliances, Upgraded Tiled Area to Bathroom, Fully Floored throughout, Vinyl to Bathroom, Tiles to Hallway, Kitchen/Living Space, Ca..."
"Home 172 now comes with £6,000 Deposit Contribution** PLUS Upgrades inside worth £4,861 including Bosch integrated appliances and vinyl flooring to the kitchen, dining, living, hallway, bathroom and entrance. *IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS* *INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*The Lily II is a beau..."
"City and County are pleased to market this two-bedroom, terraced property, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in Park Farm. Offering easy access to local amenities, schools and transport links, this property is a perfect first time buyers, investors, or someone looking to downsize. The prope..."
A Recently renovated two bedroom semi-detached house offered with no forward chain is just minutes away from Peterborough City Centre! Briefly comprising of a newly fitted bathroom and Kitchen this property is ready to move straight into!
"Sharman Quinney are pleased to welcome to the market this 2 bedroom home. Located in the popular area of Park Farm, this property benefits from having off road parking and an enclosed rear garden."
"EXTENDED 3 BEDROOM HOMEOn the ground floor there is a Lounge, Dining room, KITCHEN/UTILITY AREA and a family bathroomUpstairs, there are TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and a generously sized third Outside, there is parking and a GARAGE to the rear"
"MODERN 2 BEDROOM HOME being sold with NO CHAIN. The home has an Entrance Hall with Kitchen, WC and LOUNGE/DINER. The first floor has 2 double bedrooms and the bathroom. There is parking for 2 at the front and a REAR GARDEN"
"Are you looking for the perfect investment opportunity near the university in Peterborough? Look no further than this 3-bedroom semi-detached house, which could be used as an HMO following some work. Located within a 6-minute walk from the university, this property boasts an enviable locat..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £210,000 - £220,000** SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - CLOSE TO AMENITIES - WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SCHOOLS - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - MUST SEE - CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM FOR FURTHER INFORMATION"
"CLOSE TO PETERBOROUGH CITY CENTRE! The ideal mid terrace character property is the ideal Buy to let Investment or First Time Buy opportunity, available with No Forward Chain! The property features; two receptions room, a spacious kitchen, pantry and lobby space, three piece fitted bathroom, ..."
SOLD WITH NO CHAIN - SPACIOUS SEMI DETACHED HOUSE FOR SALE IN STANGROUND - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - HUGE POTENTIAL - SPACIOUS LOUNGE/DINER - GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS - IDEAL FAMILY HOME - PE2 - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CALL OUR SALES TEAM ON 
"SUPERBLY presented, first floor SOUTH FACING apartment benefitting from a JULIET BALCONY, with GARDEN VIEWS. The apartment comes complete with a allocated CAR PARKING SPACE. The development offers EXCELLENT COMMUNAL FACILITIES including landscaped gardens and communal lounge where SOCIAL EVENTS t..."
"This modern, bright and versatile family home boasts spacious living accommodation throughout. With high ceilings and modern décor Blackmead is conveniently located to local amenities, transport links and schools."
"Semi detached house on Hallfields Lane, in brief this property comprises of; two double bedrooms, family bathroom, lounge/diner, re-fitted kitchen, utility/cloakroom. Front & rear gardens. Great Condition."
"This semi-detached home benefits from TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, ample driveway parking, GARAGE and a SOUTH-FACING GARDEN to the rear, making an ideal first-time home or investment opportunity."
CITY CENTRE LOCATION - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - TWO RECEPTION ROOMS - PRIAVTE REAR GARDEN - LIVE VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - FREEHOLD - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"Set in popular Bretton, this well presented three bedroom home is being offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN. Close to Peterborough Hospital, local Schools and Shops and can be offered with Furniture and White Goods at an additional cost. Easy access to the City with its quick Road and Rail links."
"CALLING ALL INVESTORS AND FIRST TIME BUYERS!! Located within close proximity to amenities, Transport links, schooling and the Peterborough City Hospital. Also offers access to motor way links. Features to include TWO BEDROOMS, GARAGE and CLOAKROOM. Viewings highly recommended."
"Three bedroom, semi detached home. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room, recently renovated kitchen, conservatory, pantry room, refurbished bathroom, front and rear gardens and on street parking. Viewings recommended, call "
"This THREE BEDROOM family home is in a cul de sac location set in a popular area. Internally there is a FITTED KITCHEN/DINER, LOUNGE, CLOAKROOM, STUDY, THREE BEDROOMS and BATHROOM upstairs. Outside there is an ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN."
SOLD WITH NO CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - CLOSE TO CITY CENTRE - LIVE VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"ATTENTION INVESTORS! This GENEROUS semi-detached house located in the ever POPULAR LOCATION of dogsthrope briefly comprises of 3 RECEPTION ROOMS, a STUNNING rear garden and is sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN! Call today to find out more details on the Tenancy!"
"**THIS IS A MUST VIEW FAMILY HOME** Bairstow Eves estate agents are thrilled to offer for sale this immaculate three bedroom terraced home, viewings are highly advised to appreciate the size of the property. To find out more, please contact our Sales team. The property comprises of entr..."
** Ground Floor Apartment | One Bedroom | Open Plan Living | Kitchen with Integrated appliances | City Centre Location | Walking Distance to Train Station | Underground Parking Space | High Spec Finish | River Views | Private Rear Access | Ideal First Time/Investment Opportunity | Viewing Highly ...
* No Forward Chain * Total Floor Area 95 Square Metres * Council Tax Band A £1237 pa * Kitchen/Breakfast Room * 4th Bedroom Downstairs * Cloakroom & Bathroom * Close to Peterborough City Hospital * Communal Parking * 
Look no further! This two bedroom semi-detached home is located on the popular Cardea development. This property is an ideal first time buy or investment opportunity and has off road parking and an enclosed rear garden.
STUNNING SPACIOUS APARTMENT WITH RIVER VIEWS!! This LUXURY third floor apartment comprises of an open plan kitchen/lounge/diner STUNNING views over the RIVER and city skyline. The property is being offered for sale with NO UPWARD chain.
* No Forward Chain * Ideal 1st Time Buy * New Re-Fitted Wren Kitchen 2021 * Total Floor Area 63 Square Metres * Two Parking Spaces * Shower Room * Gas Central Heating & uPVC Double Glazing * Viewing Recommended * 
"Modern terraced house offered for sale with NO FORWARD CHAIN. The property offers three double bedrooms, refitted modern kitchen, conservatory, gas central heating, UPVC double glazing, enclosed garden with tree line view at rear. *** MUST BE SEEN ***"
"Well-presented and done to a high standard, briefly comprises entrance hall, open plan Kitchen, dining, lounge area, cloakroom, two bedrooms and bathroom. Outside benefits from off road parking for two vehicles and a good sized rear garden. EARLY VIEWING ADVISED !"
"City and County are very pleased to offer for sale this superbly presented two bedroom semi detached bungalow located on a modern small residential development on the outskirts of the Cathedral city of Peterborough. Many individual improvements and upgrades throughout, with a versatile open plan..."
NO FORWARD CHAIN - CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION - SOUGHT AFTER AREA - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - RE-FITTED KITCHEN - PRIVATE REAR GARDEN - OFF ROAD PARKING - TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT THE SALES TEAM
THREE BEDROOM HOME | END TERRACED | DRIVEWAY | REAR GARDEN | MODERN DEVELOPMENT | GATED COMMUNITYThe proeprty has an Entrance Hall with Kitchen/Diner and WC/Utility RoomThe first floor has 2 bedrooms and the bathroom with the main bedroom and ensuite being located on the scond floor which also in...
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME set in the popular location of Mountbatten Way within close proximity to local schools and amenities. Features include PARTIAL CONVERSION of GARAGE to SAUNA & SHOWER ROOM. Viewings highly recommended.
"Situated within the much sought after location, this well presented semi-detached home offers spacious accommodation, making it an excellent family home or investment opportunity. With two bedrooms, family bathroom and single garage this property really must be viewed."
"DON'T MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC FIRST TIME BUY / INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY CLOSE TO PETERBOROUGH CITY CENTRE. This spacious terrace house offers a living room, dining room with storage cupboard, fitted kitchen with access to the rear garden, fitted wet room with fully tiled walls and shower fit..."
"Set in popular Parnwell, set at the end of a quiet cul de sac this THREE BEDROOM BUNGALOW is being sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN. Boasts GARAGE, LIVING and DINING ROOMS and an easy care Garden. Close to Shops Schools and on a bus route to the City with it quick Road and Rail links."
"Ground floor flat. Entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen/Breakfast Room, 2 bedrooms, en-suite shower room, bathroom, underfloor gas c/h, uPVC double glazing, communal gardens, allocated parking. No chain. Popular location. (Ref: 8296N)."
"NO UPWARD CHAIN….benefits from THREE BEDROOMS, kitchen/diner and downstairs cloakroom. Outside continues with ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN and undercover decked seating area. View Now!"
".*INVESTORS ONLY* MUST VIEW * NO CHAIN* Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this 3 bedroom end terrace home located in Bretton Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen/diner, landing, three bedrooms, bathroom, garage, MUST VIEW, NO CHAIN.  ..."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this fantastic investment opportunity. Sold with a tenant in situ the current tenant has been there 4 years and is looking to stay long term. The tenancy is about to be renewed at a new rent of £925pcm, the property is very well presented and in a sought after..."
FAMILY FAVOURITE This four bedroom semi-detached house is situated in the Gunthorpe area offering excellent local amenities and schooling. The property is being offered for sale with no onward chain.
"NO ONWARD CHAIN!! Situated within close proximity to amenities, transport links, schooling, Peterborough Regional College and Motor Way Links. This fantastic, TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY is offered for sale in a quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC. Key benefits include TWO EN-SUITES."
"Situated within the heart of Werrington village in a quiet OVER 55's DEVELOPMENT, this two bedroom home is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"MINUTES AWAY FROM THE CITY CENTRE! Close to so many different LOCAL AMENITIES this three bedroom END OF TERRACE house is this perfect INVESTMENT or FIRST HOME! Offering TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, down stairs BATHROOM and sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN! More photos coming soon!"
"Two bedroom, semi detached property. Accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen and conservatory to the ground floor. Two bedrooms and bathroom to the first floor. There also is a rear garden and garage. Call to view "
"END TERRACED FAMILY HOME located in a popular area of Saltmarsh in Orton Malborne. Close to local amenities and Schools nearby, also easy bus routes into the CITY CENTRE. The property is well presented throughout and features a good size CONSERVATORY. Call now to view!"
This spacious terraced THREE BEDROOM house could make an ideal first-time home or investment opportunity.
"*** WALKING DISTANCE TO TRAIN STATION AND CITY CENTRE ***"" Viewings are highly recommended for this modern, first floor, two bedroom apartment. The property benefits from two parking spaces, an ensuite to the master bedroom and it is within walking distance to the city centre/train station, ma..."
"NO CHAIN  *SOLD WITH A TENANT AT £900 PCM *Next Move Estate Agents* are pleased to offer this three bedroom semi-detached home located in New England Peterborough in brief comprises of hallway, kitchen, and lounge. Further benefits 3 separate bedrooms and family bathroom. Outside there is mainly ..."
"Three bedroom, semi detached house located on Duke Street. On the ground floor there is a lounge, dining room, kitchen and bathroom. To the first floor there are three bedrooms. Outside is a rear garden, outbuilding and on street parking. Viewings recommended."
ALL ON ONE LEVEL….situated close to local amenities within easy access to transport links. Benefits from TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and conservatory. Outside continues with off road parking and enclosed rear garden. View Now!
"***OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN***Situated in a new popular development of Gunthorpe, which offers easy access to motor way links, amenities, transport links, and schooling. Features include TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES and CLOAKROOM. Viewings highly recommended to appreciate the accommodation."
"* REFURBISHMENT OPPORTUNITY * Available to purchase is a three bedroom mid terrace property in Bretton. Property comprises of, entrance hall, WC, kitchen dining room, lounge, storgae, three double bedrooms, family bathroom and private rear garden"
"Situated in Orton Malborne, the property is close to local Schools and Shops, open areas & within easy access to Peterborough City with its excellent rail links. A popular area for rental properties due to these factors."
"Offering an Ideal Business Opportunity! This property comprises of a ground floor, currently set up and used as a salon, whilst also offering a one bedroom apartment to the first floor, which has its own independent access. Call today to view ."
IDEAL FIRST TIME BUYER property situated in a popular location close to local schools and amenities. Benefits from TWO RECEPTION ROOMS and three bedrooms. Being offered with NO UPWARD CHAIN. View Now!
"Modern terraced home located in the sought after area of Hampton. The property offers two double bedrooms, cloakroom, fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, UPCV double glazing, gas central heating, enclosed garden and allocated parking. *** IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY/INVESTMENT PURCHASE *** Estate "
** OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN ** Bairstow Eves of Peterborough are offering for sale this two bedroom detached bungalow located within close proximity of the Peterborough City centre. Close to local amenities and education. The bungalow has off road parking and a drive way leadin...
"Would make a perfect first time buy or investment. Situated on a large plot, the property briefly comprises entrance into a large lounge diner, Kitchen, cloakroom, two bedrooms & bathroom. Outside benefits from off road parking, good sized GARAGE and an easy to maintain GARDEN. EARLY VIEWING HIGHLY"
"This much improved two bedroom semi- detached house has been upgraded by the current owners and boasts contemporary and spacious living accommodation, situated within a cul de sac location in Hampton Hargate this property offers easy access to local amenities."
"Four bedroom end of terrace house for sale, in the popular location of Orton Malborne."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this three bedroom family home to the market. Located in the sought after area of Fletton this property benefits from a large rear garden, an upstairs bathroom and downstairs WC, a large kitchen, an entrance porch and is close to the City Centre. "
WALKING DISTANCE TO CITY CENTRE AND NEW UNIVERSITY! Investors and FIRST TIME BUYERS look no further! This two bedroom terraced house briefly comprises of a MODERN condition throughout and offered with NO CHAIN!
"**OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN** City and County are excited to market this three-bedroomed link terrace home, located in Orton. Surrounded by local amenities and transport links and within proximity to Peterborough City Centre. This property would be ideal for a first-time buyer, someone do..."
"***NO CHAIN***Kenneally Property are delighted to be offering for sale this 1920's three bedroom mid terrace house situated in Fengate, ideally located for local businesses and within walking distance of University . This home is well presented throughout and would make an ideal purchase for firs..."
"Situated in a desirable village location, which offers easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling and motorway links. The property benefits from NO FORWARD CHAIN and features include THREE BEDROOMS & DRIVEWAY. Close to local shops, services and with easy access to the City Centre."
"Two bedroom, detached bungalow. Accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance porch, hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen, conservatory, two bedrooms, wet room, front and rear gardens and off road parking. Viewings recommended call "
"**OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN** City and County are excited to market this three-bedroom, end of terrace home, located in the Centre of Peterborough. Surrounded by local amenities, transport links, and only five minutes drive away from Queensgate shopping centre, Peterborough train station ..."
"An exciting opportunity to own this fantastic, well presented two bedroom end of terrace house briefly comprising of both an upstairs and downstairs bathroom as well as two reception rooms downstairs. This is a great investment or first time buy."
"**NO FORWARD CHAIN** Smart Move are pleased to offer for sale, this well presented three bedroom home in Bretton. Situated within close proximity to local amenities and the CITY HOSPITAL, this property is ideal for a first time purchase or buy to let opportunity. Accommodation comprises entrance ..."
"Situated within the much sought after location, this well presented detached home offers spacious accommodation, making it an excellent home or investment opportunity. With two / three bedrooms, family bathroom and open plan living this property really must be viewed."
"Being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN, this two bedroom bungalow benefits from a GENEROUS REAR GARDEN and is tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac position."
"2 BEDROOM MASIONETTE - The converted home has its own entrance with stairs to the first floor leading to the () LOUNGE/DINER. 2 Double Bedrooms, Bathroom and the Kitchen/Diner There is a parking space at the front also"
"**Offered with No Forward Chain!** City and County Peterborough are excited to present this end of terrace home, located in a popular central location, close to local shops, schools, colleges, and the new University. This home would be perfect for a first-time buyer or investor. Benefitting from ..."
"** IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY **  Belvoir are delighted to bring to the market this THREE BEDROOM family home ideally situated close to the Peterborough City Centre.The property further benefits from a spacious lounge, an enclosed garden to the rear aspect and i..."
"***Offered with No Forward Chain!*** This is a FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY to purchase a REFURBISHED semi-detached property situated in a popular residential location within walking distance to local amenities, including supermarkets, Brotherhood Retail Park, bus routes, further transport links and bot..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! Situated in central Peterborough, which offers easy access to amenities, transport links and schooling. The property also benefits from being in close proximity to the Train Station & City Centre. Features include CLOAKROOM and SINGLE GARAGE."
"***CALL THE OFFICE AND BOOK IN YOUR VIEWING*** Bairstow Eves offer for sale this semi-detached property located in the popular location of Ravensthorpe conveniently located within easy reach of the Peterborough City Hospital, Peterborough City Centre and railway station. Accommodation compri..."
** End terraced House | Two Bedrooms | Two Reception Rooms | Re-Fitted Bathroom | Utility Room | No Upward Chain | Enclosed Rear Garden | Close to City Centre | Popular Location | Ideal First Time/Investment | On Street Permit Parking | Convenient to local Amenities | Viewing Advisable
Connells are delighted to present this two bedroom Coach House situated on the popular Arrow Court. The property offers easy access to local amenities and would make an ideal first time purchase or investment.
"*NO CHAIN * IDEAL INVESTORS* FULL REFURB NEEDED * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this four bedroom terrace investment home located in Orton Goldhay in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitche/diner, cloakroom, four bedrooms, bathroom, front and rear gardens, NO CHAIN, MUST V..."
"CALLING INVESTORS! This TWO bedroom has a TENANT in and is being sold to INVESTORS ONLY. Internally there is a 22ft LOUNGE/DINER, fitted kitchen, utility room, UPSTAIRS BATHROOM & two bedrooms. Outside the rear garden is paved."
SOLD WITH NO CHAIN - SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM HOUSE - IDEAL INVESTMENT PURCHASE - PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - GARAGE - LIVE VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - FREEHOLD - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"Looking for a home that backs onto open parkland?Found in the popular area of South Bretton this Three Double Bedroomed home is in need of a little TLC which is reflected in the asking price.Offering a refitted Kitchen Diner, Family Lounge, Separate Conservatory, Three Double Bed..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! This THREE bedroom FAMILY home is being offered for sale with NO UPWARD CHAIN and has a KITCHEN/DINER, three good size bedrooms, STUDY/PLAYROOM, cloakroom and enclosed rear garden. Ideally located for local amenities and schools."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! Situated in a quiet residential area of south Bretton. Close proximity to Peterborough City Hospital, Amenities, Transport links and Schooling. This is a perfect family Home or investment opportunity. Features include CLOAKROOM & GARAGE. Early viewings advised."
"End terrace property in Medworth, Orton Goldhay. Comprising of entrance hallway, downstairs WC, kitchen/diner, lounge. First floor; three good size bedrooms and family bathroom. Outside; well presented garden with side access and brick wall surrounding."
"NO UPWARD CHAIN! This THREE bedroom home is in a POPULAR LOCATION and is being offered for sale with NO UPWARD CHAIN. Internally there are three SEPARATE bedrooms, 25ft LOUNGE/DINER. Ideal FIRST TIME or INVESTMENT purchase. Current owner presently gets £10,500 per annum."
** Established Inner Terraced Home | Two Double Bedrooms | Two Reception Rooms | Fitted Kitchen | Family Bathroom | En-Suite Shower Room | Enclosed Rear Garden | On Street Permit Parking | Close to Local Amenities | Convenient for City Centre | Well Presented |Viewing Recommended
"ATTENTION INVETSORS! Sold with TENANTS IN SITU this three bedroom terraced house is a perfect investment! Close to LOCAL SHOPS, SCHOOLS and WALKING DISTANCE to Peterborough CITY HOSPITAL!"
"CALLING ALL INVESTORS AND FIRST TIME BUYERS!! Located within close proximity to amenities, Transport links, schooling and the Peterborough City Hospital. Also offers access to motor way links. Features to include THREE BEDROOMS & CLOAKROOM. Viewings highly recommended."
"Semi detached house on a corner plot in Lansdowne Walk. Orton Longueville. Briefly comprises of; two bedrooms, re-fitted shower room, lounge/diner. Front & Rear gardens & driveway. Available to view immediatly."
"Mandairs is please to present this three bedroom home to the market. This property is well presented offering large kitchen/diner, lounge, utility, cloakroom and rear garden. Located in the sought after area of Woodston and is within close proximity to schools and local amenities."
"*** END OF CUL-DE-SAC PEACEFULLY LOCATED BUNGALOW *** ""Welcome to this easy to maintain and well presented two bedroom bungalow, boasting modern decoration throughout a driveway, single garage and generous private rear garden. Furthermore the property comprises of entrance hall, two bedroom, s..."
Having been refurbished by the current owners this two bedroom bungalow sits is a quiet residential area in the ever popular Orton Goldhay and provides easy access to local shops and amenities.
"* NO FORWARD CHAIN* Situated in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC, is this perfect FIRST TIME BUY or INVESTMENT property. Offers easy access to amenities, transport links and schooling. The property also give easy access to motor way links. Viewings highly recommended."
"Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in Ravensthorpe, this two-bedroom terrace property offers a great opportunity for an investor or family home. Close to local amenities and Peterborough City Hospital. This property briefly comprises, entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner that is fitted with..."
"Three Bedroom End Terraced Property located in the Popular Area of Bretton - Accommodation comprises of an Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen/Diner, Rear Hallway, To the First Floor there are Three Bedrooms, Bathroom and Separate Toilet. To the Rear there is an Enclosed Garden, Communal Parking & Garage"
* No Upward Chain * Three Bedrooms * uPVC Double Glazing & Gas Central Heating * Parking & Single Garage *
"** Offering NO UPWARD CHAIN is this beautifully presented, spacious luxury apartment in Avonside House, Fletton Quays. Ideally located for easy access into the City Centre & the train station. With the development sitting on the South bank of the River Nene which has been beautifully landscaped t..."
"PUBLIC NOTICE - 23 Rudd Close, Peterborough, PE1 5BE - We have received an offer of £ 180,000.00. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange of contracts takes place. EPC Rating C"
"City and County are excited to bring to the market this lovely two bedroomed terrace property. This would make a perfect starter home and ideal for someone looking for a long-term investment or downsize. Within walking distance to local amenities, transport links and schooling, the property is a ..."
"Situated in a quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC off WERRINGTON VILLAGE is this TWO BEDROOM BUNGALOW. In an OVER 55's DEVELOPMENT, it offers easy access to amenities and transport links. The Cul-De-Sac provides a real private feel. Viewings highly recommended."
"Perfect FIRST TIME BUY! This two bedroom terraced house just a SHORT WALK from Peterborough CITY CENTRE is offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN is available to view now! The property briefly comprises of a kitchen, lounge and downstairs W/C then on the second floor there is 2 bedrooms, one with a J..."
"ANYONE FOR DOUBLES? Connells is proud to offer for sale this spacious terraced house of super proportions! Accommodation comprises lounge super-sized dining kitchen, cloakroom and a useful store room/study, THREE double bedrooms, bathroom and low maintenance rear garden."
 * NO FORWARD CHAIN * Original Features * Modern Additions * Intergrated Zanussi Kitchen Appliances * Smart Taps/Shower * Well Maintained Communal Gardens * Parking * Walking Distance to Peterborough Centre & Train Statin * VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED *
"HUGE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! This two bedroom semi-detached bungalow has much to offer such as a large rear garden with rear access, great location and is offered with no forward chain."
"We welcome to the market this well presented three bedroom family home. This property benefits from two reception rooms, a large kitchen area and a downstairs bathroom."
"A spacious South facing first floor apartment built by McCarthy & Stone for the over 60's only. The development offers excellent communal areas including landscaped gardens and a communal lounge area. The apartment offers independent living and benefits from a balcony with garden views, living roo"
"Situated within the much sought after location, this well presented semi-detached home offers spacious accommodation, making it an excellent FTB or investment opportunity. With two bedrooms, family bathroom and living room this property really must be viewed."
SOLD WITH NO CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - ACCESS TO A1 LINKS - LIVE VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"Making an IDEAL FIRST-TIME HOME or INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, this terraced home is situated within a popular cul-de-sac in Werrington."
"***Offered with No Forward Chain!*** City and County are excited to present this THREE BEDROOMED Terrace home located in Bretton, with easy access to amenities, Peterborough Hospital and transport links to the City Centre. Ideal property for first time buyers, investors, or someone looking to mov..."
"Four Bedroom, three storey, mid terrace property situated within walking distance of Peterborough City Centre and Train Station. Accommodation comprises of a lounge, kitchen, shower room on ground floor and the first floor. There is also a rear garden. For more information please call ."
"** THREE BEDROOMS ** TERRACE ** KITCHEN DINER ** WC ** NO UPWARD CHAIN ** Situated in the popular location of Paston with easy access to local amenities, schools, A47 road links, transport links to the City Centre and Train Station"
"***Offered with No Forward Chain*** Situated within Peterborough City Centre is this superb FOUR BEDROOMED TERRACE Home that will be sold with vacant possession. This property offers easy access to local amenities, walking distance to the train station, transport links, schooling and the mosque. ..."
"***Offered with No Forward Chain!*** City and County are excited to present this THREE BEDROOMED Terrace home located in Paston, with easy access to amenities and transport links to the City Centre. Ideal property for first time buyers, investors, or someone looking to move up the property ladder..."
"** This well-presented terraced family home, which is located on Eastfield Road, Peterborough, is being offered for sale to ** INVESTORS ONLY ** with a tenant in situ. The property briefly consists of two reception rooms, kitchen, and a downstairs bathroom, with three bedrooms on the first floor,..."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this 3 bedroom house to the market. This property benefits from having a 15ft Kitchen/Diner, a 17ft lounge and a garage. Located close to local amenities and the hospital, this property is perfect for investors or first time buyers."
"City and County are very pleased to offer for sale this nicely presented end of terrace property, located opposite a green space with convenient access to local shops, services and Peterborough City Hospital nearby. The property briefly comprises and enclosed front garden with a foot pat..."
"***Offered with No Forward Chain!*** City and County are excited to present this THREE BEDROOMED Terrace home located in Paston with easy access to amenities and transport links to the City Centre. Ideal property for first time buyers, investors, or someone looking to move up the property lad..."
"Sharman Quinney are pleased to welcome to the market this spacious three bedroom first floor flat with secure allocated parking. Located a short walk from the train station and city centre, close to local amenities and schools. The property is an ideal first time buy or buy to let investment."
"PUBLIC NOTICE - 27 Beeston Drive, Peterborough, PE2 8UH - We have received an offer of £ 180,000.00. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange of contracts takes place. EPC Rating D"
"City & County are excited to offer this perfect opportunity to purchase this fantastic THREE bedroom MID TERRACE property located within easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling and walking distance to the Peterborough City Centre. The property briefly comprises, entrance into lounge,..."
*** INVESTMENT PURCHASE ONLY!
"Goodmove present this 3 bedroom terraced house for QUICK sale on Blackmead, Orton Malborne, Peterborough. Peterborough is the city at the heart of rural East England, bridging the Cambridgeshire, Rutland, Lincolnshire and Northamptonshire borders. Peterborough and its region have an important pla..."
"Situated in a quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC of Bretton. Close proximity to Peterborough City Hospital, Amenities, Transport links and Schooling. This is a perfect first time buy or investment opportunity. Features include a single GARAGE. Early viewings advised."
City and County and pleased to present this immaculately presented TWO bedroom apartment located within walking distance to Peterborough City Centre & train station. This would make a fantastic home for first time buyers or someone looking for an easy commute to London! It benefits from being wit...
**PERFECT FOR FAMILY HOME OR INVESTMENT PURCHASE**CALL THE OFFICE NOW ** Bairstow Eves Estate Agents are proud to present to you this four bedroom home situated in the popualr location of Orton. Close to local amenities and great access links to the city centre of Peterborough.
"Three Bedroom, Semi Detached House located on the popular Park Farm, accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, Cloakroom, Lounge, Kitchen/Diner, Bathroom and Rear Garden. Viewings Recommended ."
***IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*** Belvoir are delighted to present this TWO BEDROOM family home offered for sale with NO FORWARD CHAIN. The property offers a range of attractive features including an enclosed rear garden and conservatory to the rear. The property is situated...
"3 Bedroom END TERRACED home with NO CHAIN. The property comprsies of an Entrance Hall, Kitchen/Diner and Lounge. The first floor has 3 bedrooms and the bathroom. Outside the home has front and rear gardens and communal parking"
"Mandairs is pleased to present this two bedroom property to the market. Providing two reception rooms, two double bedrooms, an upstairs bathroom, a large garden and located close to the City Centre. Ideal for first time buyers or investment, to arrange a viewing please call or email our office."
"City and County are excited to market this three-bed terraced property located in the Centre of Peterborough. Surrounded by local amenities and transport links. Only five minutes away from Queensgate shopping centre, Peterborough train station and the bus station. The property briefly c..."
* No Forward Chain * Green Belt to the Front of the Property * Rear Ground Floor Extension * Formerly a Three Bedroom Property * Total Floor Area 100 Square Metres * Council Tax Band A £1237 pa *  Viewing Recommended * 
"**IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTOR ** Belvoir are delighted to offer the rare opportunity to purchase this beautifully presented TWO BEDROOM COACH HOUSE.  This stunning property boasts a SPACIOUS open plan lounge / diner, contemporary kitchen, TWO DOUBLE SIZED BEDROOMS, and a refurbished ..."
"Family based home in Walton. This THREE BEDROOM MID TERRACED HOME is set in a surprisingly quiet area additionally boasts KITCHEN/DINER, FAMILY BATHROOM, LIVING ROOM and is within walking distance to local shops and schools and easy access to the City Centre with its great rail links."
*CHAIN FREE* Haart Estate Agents are delighted to exclusively offer FOR SALE this 2020 built TWO BEDROOM COACH HOUSE situated on the sought after Roman Fields Development in PE4
"Four bedroom, semi-detached house located on Lincoln Road. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, family room, dining room and kitchen. To the first floor there are four bedrooms and a bathroom. Outside there is a rear garden and on street parking."
"Located in Orton Malborne, this three bedroom end terraced maisonette will make an ideal family home or investment."
"**GUIDE PRICE £180,000 - £190,000** NEWLY REFURBISHED HOUSE FOR SALE - BRAND NEW KITCHEN + BATHROOM SUITE - INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - LUXURY FINISH - PERFECT FIRST HOME - MUST SEE - CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM FOR FURTHER INFORMATION"
"Popular location offered with no onward chain this three bedroom family home is close to local amenities, bus routes and schools."
Being sold with NO CHAIN is this 2 Bedroom home with GARAGE. IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY!. The property has an Entrance Porch with acess to the lounge. There is a KITCHEN/DINER at the rear. The first floor has 2 bedrooms and the bathroom. Outside the home has front and rear gardens and a garage
"A Victorian terraced home offering Two Reception Rooms, Kitchen, a Landing leading to Two Bedrooms, and a Spacious first-floor three-piece Bathroom.Set within easy walking distance of the city centre, railway station, and local pre and junior schooling.Easy to maintain with an en..."
"City and County are excited to offer this spacious TERRACE FAMILY HOME. Located within close proximity to local amenities, and transport links. The property is WELL PRESENTED throughout and briefly comprises, entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen/diner, lounge and storage cupboard. To the first floor..."
NO FORWARD CHAIN! Stunning two bedroom first floor apartment with a garage situated a short distance away from the Train Station and City Centre
** INVESTMENT PROPERTY ** Belvoir are delighted to offer for sale this TWO BEDROOM FREEHOLD PROPERTY situated close to the Peterborough City Centre. The property sold sold with an active tenancy in place with a rent of £795pcm being achieved. The property has lots of character and offers...
"AVAILABLE WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN! Don't miss out on this ideal First Time Buy or Investment Purchase, this spacious mid-terrace house sits in the popular Werrington area, just North of Peterborough, within easy access to local schools, amenities and travel links. The property benefits from al..."
Haart Estate Agents are delighted to exclusively offer for sale this two bedroom house situated in central location of New England
"DO NOT MISS OUT! This WELL PRESENTED three bedroom SEMI-DETACHED house situated in Parnwell has AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING, Kitchen/diner and is sold with NO CHAIN."
"Two bedroom, semi detached home for Sale - Accomodation comprises of an entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen, lounge, two bedrooms and bathroom upstairs. Front and rear gardens. Call today to view. "
** End Terrace House | Two Bedrooms | No Upward Chain | Kitchen/Diner | Single Garage | Close to Local Amenities | Close to City Centre | Garden | Ideal First Time Buy | Investment Opportunity | Vewing Advised
* No Forward Chain * Wooden Garage to Rear of Property * Total Floor Area 74 Square Metres * Council Tax Band A £1237 pa * Energy Rating D * Cloakroom & Utility Room * Upstairs Bathroom * 
"SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN!! Stunning throughout, this END OF TERRACE house is just a SHORT DRIVE to Peterborough CITY HOSPITAL and also to major transport links!"
Mandairs is pleased to offer this 3 bedroom house to the market. Offering a downstairs shower room and a 17ft kitchen/diner. This property is located close to local amenities and the city centre. Please note that this property is for investment purposes only.
SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - TWO RECEPTION ROOMS - WALKING DISTANCE TO TRAIN STATION - UTILITY ROOM - VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - CALL OUR SALES TEAM TO FIND OUT MORE
"This property makes an ideal investment. Well-Presented Modern Coach House situated in HAMPTON HARGATE within reach of schools, shops and supermarket. Spacious accommodation comprises ENTRANCE LOBBY with access to GARAGE, LOUNGE/DINER, KITCHEN, TWO BEDROOMS, BATHROOM, GARAGE & PARKING."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! This is a perfect opportunity to purchase this deceptively spacious MID-TERRACE FAMILY HOME which would make a perfect FIRST TIME BUY or INVESTMENT. Situated within close proximity to schools, amenities and transport links. Viewings highly recommended."
"Two Double Bedroom House In Lessingham, Orton Brimbles. Comprising Entrance Hallway, Lounge/Diner, Re-Fitted L-Shape Kitchen & Downstairs WC. Ideal For A First Time Buyer/Buy-To-Let Investor. Viewings Available Immediately."
"City and County are delighted to showcase this THIRD floor LUXURY apartment with CITY SKYLINE VIEWS. Located on the prestigious Hereward Tower estate, within walking distance to all local amenities and Peterborough railway station, (with 45-minute Thames links through to London Kings Cross). ..."
"FIRST TIME BUYERS! DO NOT MISS OUT on this well presented three bedroom END OF TERRACE house! Close to LOCAL AMENITIES, major TRANSPORT LINKS and the CITY HOSPITAL. The property has a generous 18ft Kitchen/Diner, a large storage room which could be converted and is offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN."
"Set on the 3rd floor this stylish two bedroom apartment boasts views of both the city centre and the Cathedral. Very well presented, this home offers lounge with Juliet balcony, open plan kitchen/Diner and two double bedrooms."
"IDEAL INVESTMENT or FIRST TIME BUYER property situated in a popular location close to local amenities. Benefits from KITCHEN/DINER, downstairs bathroom and THREE Bedrooms. Outside continues with good size rear garden. Call now to register your interest."
"This terraced house is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN, tucked away at the end of a popular cul-de-sac backing onto a green space, making an ideal first-time home or investment opportunity, having been recently redecorated and offering new carpets and new boiler (2020)."
"Sharman Quinney are proud to present this three bedroom mid terraced property in Brudenell Orton Goldhay. With ample parking and being in close proximity to local schools and shops, this would make the ideal next home or investment."
"Public Notice. Property Address, 100 Oundle Road, Peterborough, PE2 9PJ.We advise that an offer has been made for the above property in the sum of £151,500. Any persons wishing to increase on this offer should notify Fitzjohns of their best offer prior to exchange of contracts. Fitzjohn Sales & Let"
"Detached bungalow in Goodacre, Orton Goldhay. Comprising of one bedroom, lounge and additional conservatory, bathroom & kitchen. In need of modernising throughout. No Onward Chain."
An excellent investment opportunity to put your own stamp on. Located down a quiet cul-de-sac close to public transport links. This bungalow also benefits from a field view to the rear.
"City and County are excited to market this deceptively spacious, one-bedroom detached bungalow situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in Orton, Peterborough. The property briefly comprises, entrance hall, large double bedroom, family bathroom that is fitted with a three-piece suite comprising, ..."
"Belvoir are delighted to bring to the market is this spacious and modern 3-rd floor apartment which provides 2 generously sized double bedrooms, one ensuite and one family bathroom, private allocated parking and is ideally situated directly in the city centre of Peterborough. CALL NOW TO BOOK ..."
Two bedroom end of terraced property available in PE2. This property would be a great investment property or first home!
Connells are delighted to present this stunning two bedroom apartment situated on the sought after Spring Avenue. The property is presented to a high standard and would make an ideal first time purchase or investment.
"360 VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE ON REQUEST! Located close to the City Centre & within walking distance of shops, services and local amenities. This STYLISH OPEN PLAN LIVING APARTMENT is well appointed throughout & there is an ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE."
**Viewings Highly Recommended**Call The Office Now To Book In Your Time To View** We have to offer for sale this two bedroom mid terraced home in the popular location of Peterborough and this home is close to local amenities and walking distance to Peterborough train station and shoppi...
"Calling Investment Landlords.This two-bedroom mid-terraced home is set in the popular area of South Bretton and comes complete with a tenant who has been in the property for 15 years. So you will get the ground running!The property offers, a porch, lounge, kitchen diner, two bedr..."
"Close to the City Centre and Cathedral, this STYLISH TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT is close to local shops, services and amenities. Features include EN-SUITE, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS & LARGE LOUNGE. Viewings highly recommended to appreciate the accommodation on offer."
We are pleased to offer to the market this three bedroom mid terrace property which is being sold with no forward chain.
INVESTMENT ONLY - YIELD OF 6.25% - PETERBOROUGH CITY CENTRE An executive 2-bed 2 -bath furnished apartment available to buy with a tenant in situ.
BRAND NEW Park Home (36'x20') | Fully Furnished | Countryside Location | Situated on The Outskirts of Peterborough | Wonderful Local Amenities Nearby | Exclusively For The Over 50s | Pets are Considered | Fully Integrated Appliances | Part Exchange Available | Home Coming Soon
* No Forward Chain * Off Parking for 2 Vehicles to Rear of Property * Total Floor Area 72 Square Metres * Downstairs Shower Room & Upstairs En-Suite Bathroom * Two Reception Rooms * Close to City Centre & Railway Station * Council Tax Band A £1237 pa * 
"This handsome two bedroom apartment is in the heart of Peterborough City. This beautiful apartment boasts two double bedrooms with en suite to the master, open plan living kitchen & family shower room. The apartment is serviced with lift to all floors and a beautiful communal reception area."
"Three bedroom property located in the popular area of New England located close to the local amenities. The property comprises of lounge, dining area, kitchen, three bedrooms, family bathroom and rear garden with a patio area. This property is also being sold with no forward c..."
"Offered With No Chain This spacious modern apartment boasts and open plan living space with lounge diner and kitchen with integrated appliances. Two double bedrooms with built in wardrobes, ensuite to master and situated across from the lake. Call to view today!"
"***Offered with no forward chain*** This perfect opportunity to purchase this fantastic two-bedroom MID TERRACE property located within easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling and within proximity to the Peterborough City Centre. The property briefly comprises, entrance into lounge, ..."
Pleased to offer this two bedroom mid terrace house. Will make and ideal investment opportunity as has sitting tenants with strong rental returns. On road parking to the front and courtyard garden to the rear. Within easy walking distance to the City & its good Rail links.
"This WELL PRESENTED TWO bedroom third floor apartment would make an ideal FIRST TIME purchase or INVESTMENT. This property compromises of TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with built in wardrobes and an EN SUITE to the master, lounge/diner, kitchen with a range of INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and there is allocated p..."
** IMMACULATELY PRESENT APARTMENT ** Belvoir are pleased to bring to the market this SPACIOUS two bedroom property situated at the heart of the centre of Peterborough. The property benefits from spacious living accomedation throughout and is sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN. This property further ben...
"Bairstow Eves Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this perfect first time buyers home or fantastic investment opportunity. The property comprises of Lounge, dining room, kitchen and bathroom to the rear of the home. To the first floor you have two double bedrooms on offer. To the rear is ..."
** First Floor Apartment | Two Bedrooms | Separate Dining Room | Fitted Kitchen with Built in Appliances | En-Suite To Master | Allocated Parking | No Upward Chain | Close to Local Amenities | An Ideal First Time Buy | Investment Opportunity | Viewing Highly Advisable.
"City & County are excited to present this luxury apartment, which is situated in a development of SUPERIOR QUALITY. This stylish ONE BEDROOM apartment is on the FIRST FLOOR and is within a desirable CUL-DE-SAC of Hampton Waters. It is within walking distance to local amenities and has access to t..."
"This maisonette has a lot of potential to offer it's new owners. With three well-proportioned bedrooms, a fitted kitchen, a spacious living room, a bathroom with a separate WC and allocated car parking, there is so much to love already. This home is an excellent find for any property hunter."
"Modern, well presented, ground floor apartment located on the popular Cubitt Way - Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, two bedrooms, En-Suite to master bedroom and bathroom. Outside there is an enclosed garden area and secure gated parking. Call today "
MODERN TWO BEDROOM FLAT FOR SALE - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - EASY ACCESS TO A1 - CLOSE TO SCHOOLS - EN SUITE TO MASTER - FIRST TIME BUY/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES - VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - MODERN THROUGHOUT - MUST SEE - CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
"William H Brown are delighted to offer for sale this one bedroom apartment in the highly sought after area of the HAMPTON'S. The apartment has access to the tear drop shaped lake which provides an idyllic walkway. Offering Open Plan Living, Bedroom, Shower Room, and TWO allocated parking spaces."
"***PREPARE TO BE AMAZED BY THE JAW DROPPING VIEWS FROM THIS STYLISH APARTMENT*** ""This first floor modern and well designed apartment offers a spacious open plan living area encompassing a lounge, dining area and kitchen area. The bedroom boasts built in mirrored wardrobes and the tastefully d..."
"***Offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN*** This is a superb opportunity to purchase this new to the market, TWO BEDROOMED TERRACE HOME, located in central Peterborough. The property is conveniently located to local schools, amenities, and Peterborough Train Station. This would make an ideal investme..."
"IDEAL FIRST TIME OR INVESTMENT PURCHASE - First floor apartment  located in the highly desirable area of Hampton Hargate, close to local amenities, in the catchment area of the Outstanding rated Hampton Hargate Primary School and sold with NO CHAIN."
"This two bedroom PENTHOUSE Apartment comprises of an entrance hall, kitchen, lounge/diner, two bedrooms and a bathroom. Two allocated parking spaces and no forward chain."
"We welcome to the market this well presented two bedroom flat in Peterborough town centre. With just a few minute walk from the train station, shops and other local amenities this property is in the perfect location for commuters."
MODERN TWO BEDROOM FLAT FOR SALE - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - CLOSE TO AMENITIES - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES - VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - LIGHT AND MODERN THROUGHOUT - MUST SEE - CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
"This second floor apartment in Hampton Centre is available with TENANTS IN SITU or with vacant possession. Available with NO ONWARD CHAIN, early viewing is recommended."
** INVESTOR ONLY WITH CURRENT RENTAL INCOME OF £795CPM ** Belvoir are delighted to present this MODERN AND CONTEMPORARY two bedroom APARTMENT offered for sale with NO FORWARD CHAIN. The property offers open plan living accomedation finished to a high specification with good quality fitti...
"Mandairs is pleased to present this over 55's semi-detached bungalow located within a retirement complex and warden controlled. The property offers two bedrooms, a 17ft lounge, ample storage space and is located within the sought after area of Orton Brimbles close to the Nene Park and City Centre."
Haart Estate Agents are delighted to offer FOR SALE this 2016 built two bedroom fourth floor apartment situated in the central location of Hawksbill Way
"INVESTORS WANTED! This TWO DOUBLE bedroom apartment has tenants in situ and would make an ideal INVESTMENT. There are TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with the master having an EN SUITE, and fitted kitchen along with SECURE PARKING. The property is in a POPULAR LOCATION close to the CITY CENTRE."
"We are acting in the sale of the above property and have received an offer of £156,000 on the above property. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before exchange of contracts takes place. The Energy Performance Certificate Rating is C"
"This property is being offered for sale with no forward chain. The property benefits from being close to the town centre, two reception rooms, 15'1"" Kitchen/diner and rear garden."
"IDEAL INVESTMENT. This SPACIOUS MODERN first floor apartment is the ideal INVESTMENT purchase. With TWO BEDROOMS, lounge/diner and ALLOCATED parking the property also has GOOD ACCESS to the TOWN CENTRE."
LAND FOR SALE An opportunity to purchase a piece of land 2.5 acres approx (subject to survey) in a great location between Werrington and Glinton with easy access to the A15
"360 VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE ON REQUEST! Located close to the City Centre and within walking distance of shops, services and local amenities. This STYLISH OPEN PLAN LIVING APARTMENT is well appointed throughout & there is an ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE available. Viewings recommended."
SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS - EN-SUITE TO MASTER - WALKING DISTANCE TO TRAIN STATION - INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY - INTEGRATED APPLIANCES - LIFT ACCESS - LOCAL TO AMENITIES - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT THE SALES TEAM ON
"Purpose-built Upper Floor Flat. Entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/breakfast room, 2 bedrooms, bathroom, gas radiator c/h, double glazing, garage & parking, communal gardens, some updating required. No chain. (Ref: 8586N)."
"Sharman Quinney are pleased to offer this modern 2 bedroom apartment to the market. This property is within walking distance to the train station and the city centre. Built in 2016, this popular zero carbon apartment is well presented throughout."
"DEAL INVESTMENT WITH A 6% YEILD, SITUATED IN A PEACEFUL CUL DE SAC WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN is this immaculately presented 2 double bedroomed bungalow which gives independent living for over 55's...."
"Situated in central part of Peterborough, is the fantastic LARGE TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT. Offers easy access to amenities, transport links, City Centre, Train Station, university, athletic track, the regional Swimming pool and gym facilities."
"NO UPWARD CHAIN….situated in a popular location. Benefits from TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, conservatory and wet room. Outside continues with communal parking and rear garden. View Now!"
"ATTENTION INVESTORS! This two bedroom semi-detached house in Dogsthorpe has HUGE POTENTAIL and is a MUST VIEW! With off road parking, a very GENEROUS rear garden and offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN."
Presented in an excellent condition throughout is this two bedroom apartment which is situated close to the city centre. 
"This bungalow is situated on an independent living development for the over 55's and is being sold with no chain. uPVC double glazed windows, a refitted bathroom, revamped kitchen, new carpets, and decoration throughout. Parking space, garden."
"Well Presented, Modern, First Floor Apartment located in the Popular area of Hampton Hargate. Accommodation comprises of an Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen, Two Bedrooms, Bathroom, Dedicated Parking, Bike Storage and a Communal Garden. Viewings Recommended Call "
"This property is offered For Sale with no forward chain and is situated close to the city hospital and city centre! This spacious property offers great value for money. the property briefly comprises: Three bedrooms, kitchen, openplan diner,lounge bathroom, patio garden. Ideal for a fi..."
"** MAKE US AN OFFER ON THIS HOME CALL US NOW TO BOOK IN YOUR VIEWING ** Bairstow Eves are proud to present this well presented two bedroom flat in west town, Peterborough. Within close walking distance to the city center and train station, close to local shops and other amenities. "
"Modern purpose built first floor apartment in the sought after location of Hampton. The property offers modern open plan kitchen/living and dining area, two double bedrooms, radiator central heating and allocated parking. This is an IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY/INVESTMENT PURCHASE. *** NO CHAIN ***"
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this two bedroom modern flat in Hammond's drive, briefly comprising of an underground parking space, an En-Suite and a balcony!"
"POPULAR LOCATION! This TWO BEDROOM ground floor apartment is in a SOUGHT after LOCATION and would make the ideal FIRST TIME purchase or INVESTMENT. Internally there is a LOUNGE/DINER, kitchen with INTEGRATED appliances, EN SUITE, two bedrooms and bathroom. There is also ALLOCATED parking."
"** IDEAL INVESTMENT OR FIRST TIME BUY** Belvoir are delighted to bring to the market this ideal stater home situated in a popular cul de sac location. The property boasts a modern kitchen, spacious lounge to ground floor, to the first floor is a double sized bedroom, storage cupboard and a bat..."
SOLD WITH NO CHAIN - MODERN TWO BEDROOM FLAT FOR SALE - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - CLOSE TO AMENITIES - ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE - VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - LIGHT AND MODERN THROUGHOUT - MUST SEE - CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
"This first floor flat is currently let to a long term tenant at £725.00 pcm.uPVC double glazing, electric heating."
"Ground Floor Apartment With En-suite This spacious property offers, good sized rooms with en-suite to master, open plan living space and allocated parking."
"OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN is this apartment which is situated in a development of SUPERIOR QUALITY. This stylish ONE BEDROOM apartment is on the GROUND FLOOR and is on a desirable RESIDENTIAL STREET of Peterborough, within walking distance of the City Centre and Railway Station. Eac..."
***OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN*** Is this superb modern TWO BEDROOM apartment located in the heart of the City Centre. This modern throughout property would make a perfect first time buy or investment and is located within easy access to the train station and other transport links. The propert...
CLOSE TO CITY CENTRE! Offered for sale with NO UPWARD chain is this TWO BEDROOM apartment and would make an ideal FIRST TIME purchase or INVESTMENT. The property is IDEALLY located for access to the city centre and mainline railway station.
"Situated within a much sought after location, this exclusively gated development located close to the city centre and local amenities. The ground floor apartment property offers spacious accommodation, making it an excellent family home. With two double bedrooms, en-suite shower room, family bath..."
"CLOSE TO CITY CENTRE! Offered for sale with NO UPWARD chain is this TWO BEDROOM apartment with allocated parking, and would make an ideal INVESTMENT. The property is IDEALLY located for access to the city centre and mainline railway station."
"*IDEAL FIRST TIME OR INVESTMENT PURCHASE* *CITY CENTRE* *WALKING DISTANCE TO TRAIN STATION* *NO CHAIN* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 2 Bedroom Seventh Floor Flat in the City Centre, situated close to local amenities and walking distance to the train station. The Flat com..."
No chain! Located on the popular sugar way development is this spacious two bedroom flat which has an allocated parking space and is being sold with no forward chain.
"COMING SOON!! Offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! Perfect property for INVESTMENT or FIRST TIME BUY!!! Situated in a quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC of Gunthorpe which offers easy access to amenities, transport links and motorway links."
"**TO BE SOLD WITH EXTENDED LEASE  **  Top floor purpose built executive apartment situated in the popular location of Hampton Centre. The property benefits from a spacious lounge, seperate kitchen area and two double sized bedrooms with en suite to master. The property further benefi..."
"This TWO bedroom apartment is set on a POPULAR development CLOSE to the TOWN CENTRE. Located on the upper floor this property has two bedrooms with EN-SUITE to master,lounge with BALCONY, kitchen & family bathroom. There is also allocated parking. VACANT POSSESSION."
"Located in the City Centre of Peterborough, within close proximity to the train station, transport links, restaurants, bars and Queensgate Shopping Centre. Features include OPEN PLAN LIVING, TWO BEDROOMS and underground gated parking. Viewings highly recommended."
"***Offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN*** This is a superb opportunity to purchase this new to the market ONE BEDROOM, freehold, cluster home, located in central Peterborough. The property is conveniently located to local schools, amenities, and transport links. This would make an ideal investment purc..."
"**OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN** City and County Peterborough are pleased to present for sale this immaculate first floor apartment, located in the popular Viersen Platz development. This city dwelling is conveniently located in the heart of the Cathedral city of Peterborough, and within wal..."
"NOTICE OF OFFER: 134 Peveril Road Peterborough PE1 3PR. We advise that an offer has been made for the above property in the sum of £135,000. Any persons wishing to increase on this offer should notify the agents of their best offer prior to exchange of contracts."
" *** RARE CHANCE TO OWN AN APARTMENT NESTLED ON THE EDGE OF LONGTHORPE *** ""The property benefits from views over looking the well kept communal gardens. This is the perfect property for those looking for a peacefully located home, and also has high appeal for investors. Briefly..."
"Situated in the City Centre of Peterborough, this third floor, spacious two-bedroom apartment is being sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN. Offering easy access to Queensgate Shopping Centre, and Peterborough train station, this property will be perfect for an investor or first-time buyer. The a..."
"INVESTMENT/FIRST TIME PURCHASE! This WELL PRESENTED TWO bedroom ground floor apartment would make an ideal FIRST TIME purchase or INVESTMENT. As well as TWO GOOD size bedrooms, the master having an EN SUITE, lounge/diner, KITCHEN with a range of INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and there is allocated parking."
"***Offered with no forward chain!*** Located in a POPULAR and highly regarded development is this SECOND FLOOR FLAT in Peterborough City Centre. The property is within pedestrian access to the Central Park, local amenities, Kings School and the Railway Station. This would make a FANTASTIC INVESTM..."
"Situated in the City Centre of Peterborough, this one bedroom, first floor apartment is a perfect first-time purchase or investment. Offers easy access to the train stain, local supermarkets and Queensgate shopping centre, this property is in close proximity to everything you need. Brie..."
"**OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN*** Situated within close proximity to amenities, transport links, schooling and the Peterborough main City Hospital. Features include THREE GOOD SIZE BEDROOMS, LOUNGE/DINER. Viewings highly recommended."
Haart Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this TWO BEDROOM first floor apartment situated in the central location of Park Road
"William H Brown are delighted to exclusively offer for sale this two bedroom first floor APARTMENT with TENANT in situ. The property comprises of an entrance hall, lounge/kitchen/diner, two double bedrooms and a bathroom. There is allocated parking and no forward chain."
"Every family is different. It's why we've created a home that's not your typical three-bedroom semi-detached home. If you're looking for a three-bedroom home that's a bit different, take a look at our innovative Wentworth. Downstairs, the central hallway links the whole h..."
"***SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT INVESTMENT BUYER ONLY *** This newly refurbished TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM apartment benefits from allocated parking, communal gardens and OPEN PLAN LIVING. The property is being sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN. The property further benefits from OPEN VIEWS over the fields."
Plot 526 is available using Shared Ownership
"INVESTORS ONLY - Two bedroom third floor apartment with TENANT IN SITU, offering 6.7%+ GROSS YIELD. Available with NO ONWARD CHAIN, early viewing is recommended."
"We welcome to the market this great ground floor apartment in Lavenham Court, Botolph Green. Property briefly comprises of; two bedrooms, re-fitted bathroom, kitchen and lounge/diner. Parking. The property benefits from no forwarding chain, a long lease (125 years from 1993) and electric stor..."
FANTASTIC FIRST-TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT PROPERTY. AVAILABLE WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN! Don't miss out on this Q-type freehold house sitting in the heart of Stanground. There is allocated parking and an enclosed front garden area laid with lawn. The property is a Q-type terrace house with entrance ...
"PERFECTpurchase for A FIRST Time Buyer or as an Investment is this modern First Floor Flat located in the Popular area of Hampton Hargate. Accommodation comprises of ONE Double Bedroom, Open-Plan Lounge and Kitchen/Diner and Bathroom. There is a secure entry system and allocated PARKING."
An opportunity to acquire a freehold site with full planning permission for a TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW. The circa 400m2 plot sits to the rear of Oundle Road and is accessed from ST Botolphs Lane. On the site sits disused garage and overgrown foliage.
"This two bedroom ground floor leasehold apartment would be ideal for the investment buyer selling with tenant in situ. As you enter the hallway you have an open plan kitchen/lounge diner fitted with eye level units, cupboards and drawers with worktop space over, outside there is allocated parking."
"Great first time property or investment. Situated in popular location of Stanground this TWO BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT features EN-SUITE and ALLOCATED PARKING, close to local shops and various schools and easy walking access into the city centre, viewing is highly recommended."
"FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - AVAILABLE TO INVESTORS ONLY WITH A SITTING TENANT - NO FORWARD CHAIN In the desirable Werrington area, this maisonette offers spacious accommodation with UPVC double glazing, gas central heating and a 107-year lease length. The property itself benefits..."
"***CASH BUYERS ONLY*** This is an amazing opportunity to purchase a 3 bedroom maisonette in the popular location of Bretton, close to local amenities, great transport links and shops. This property benefits from a Living room, Kitchen, Diner, 3 bedrooms, family bathroom and a balcony! ..."
SOLD WITH NO CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT - LIFT ACCESS - EX SHOW HOME - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - LIVE VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"This spacious two bedroom ground floor apartment is located close to the town centre and local amenities. The property comprises of an entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, two bedrooms, a bathroom and allocated parking. The property is tenanted so perfect for investors."
BRAND NEW Park Home (36'x12') | Residential Development | Community Living | Exclusive for the Over 45's | Pet Friendly | Fully Furnished | Driveway | Bus Stop Outside Park | 1.5 Miles from Peterborough | Fishing Lake Nearby | Part Exchange Available | Home Coming Soon
"An opportunity to buy this first floor apartment at a fully managed retirement development that maintains and supports your indpendence. Features include weekly service clean, an on-site restaurant, visitor guest suite, lift access and warden-call pull cord in each room."
"Based in Fengate close to the Perkins site, this spacious Two Bedroom Apartment is modern and well presented. The Apartment block is well serviced with Lifts, Foyer and Parking. Fengate is within easy reach to the City with its great Rail Links."
"This two bedroom apartment is in good condition throughout, it has been recently decorated and has a newly fitted kitchen! Close to Peterborough city centre and ready to move straight into, this over 55s retirement property is the perfect opportunity to live in a supportive environment whilst mai..."
"AVAILABLE WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN! FANTASTIC FIRST-TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT PROPERTY. Don't miss out on this Q-type freehold house sitting in the heart of Stanground. The property benefits from lawn area and allocated parking outside the property, inside the house you walk into the living room wi..."
"A spacious TWO Bedroom FIRST Floor Flat offered IN GOOD condition throughout. The property offers Generous accommodation to include Lounge, KITCHEN, TWO Bedrooms & Bathroom. There is ALSO Allocated PARKING. VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED."
"An ideal opportunity to buy this second floor apartment at a fully managed retirement development that maintains your independence. Features include communal areas such as gardens, a lounge and onsite restaurant. There is a visitor guest suite, lift access and a warden-call pull cord in each room."
"Ideal Investment Opportunity - Spacious, ground floor apartment in a City Centre location. Accommodation comprises of a lounge, kitchen, two bedrooms and bathroom. Outside there is a garden area and an allocated parking space."
"Perfect for first time buyers or investors, is this one bedroom ground floor apartment. If you're a first time buyer, this great apartment could be just for you. If you are an investor, properties of this nature currently rent at £700pcm, giving a 7% yield."
Haart Estate Agents are delighted to offer FOR SALE this two bedroom first floor apartment situated in the popular location of Walton
360 VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE ON REQUEST! GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT located in the popular area of Stanground. A short drive into the City Centre and close to local amenities. Good links to the A1 North and South. IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! Viewings highly recommended.
"Belvoir are delighted to bring to the market this purpose built TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT located in the popular residential location of HAMPTON CENTRE offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN.The property briefly comprises of entrance hall, open plan lounge/ dining area, fitted kitchen, two double si..."
"Warden assisted ground floor flat. Lounge area, kitchen area, 2 bedrooms, refitted shower/wet room, gas c/h & double glazing, off-road parking, communal garden & facilities, no chain, city centre location. (Ref: 8582N)."
"A very well-presented Two DOUBLE BEDROOM upper floor purpose built apartment in St Marys Court with WONDERFUL VIEWS. The SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION offers an open plan living area with a modern fitted kitchen, CONTEMPORARY bathroom, double glazing, allocated parking and NEW electric heating throughout."
"This investment portfolio comprises 8 properties and 4 garages, all located in the City of Plymouth. The portfolio is currently valued at £3,575,000 and generates an income of £264,906 per annum. The portfolio is for sale with a marketing price of £3,500,000 which offers a fanta..."
"We are delighted to offer to the market a staggering opportunity to acquire one of Plymouth's most popular Bar & Restaurants. The award winning venue, has undergone a drastic transformation with the current owners investing circa £600,000 during extensive renovations over the past few y..."
"Waterside Office . Video Tour Available.  Being offered to the market with no onward chain, Lang Town and Country are delighted to present to the market this iconic and elegant Townhouse. This Parade of Georgian houses are a well-known and iconic landmark of the city, as you w..."
"This historic 9 bedroom Manor House is steeped in history dating back to 1681, the property has retained an abundance of original features, surrounded by 3 acres of parkland gardens this really is a one off"
"An impressive and luxurious 4 bedroom detached house set in attractive level gardens extending to 1.2 acres. SEPERATE detached high specification 2 BEDROOM COTTAGE and double garage with 1 BEDROOM APARTMENT over. Gated entrance with long driveway, on the edge of the South Hams village of Brixton..."
"Situated in the heart of Mannamead, one of Plymouth’s most desirable residential locations, is an exclusive development of two, newly built, detached houses.  The houses benefit from the privacy and tranquillity of being on the quiet, no through road of Mannamead Avenue, whilst also..."
"A STUNNING DETACHED 5 DOUBLE BEDROOM, 4 EN-SUITE, FARMHOUSE and BARN with PLANNING set on a LEVEL PLOT and GROUNDS boasts a LARGE CONSERVATORY, KITCHEN / DINER, UTILITY, SITTING ROOM, DINING ROOM, DOUBLE GARAGE with OPEN COUNTRYSIDE VIEWS in the POPULAR AREA of RURAL PLYMPTON."
This newly built detached home in Powisland Drive has been finished to an exquisite standard and benefits from a free-flowing layout with every room graced with a warmth of natural light. The developers of the home initially built with the intention to live in the property and therefore the final...
RESIDENTIAL DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY. C.2.29 ACRE (0.93 Hectares) with an EXPIRED OUTLINE PLANNING PERMISSION (07/1197/15/O) for 17 units in the South Hams. POSSIBLE REDESIGN for c.10 detached houses 
"This stunning Grade 11 listed Manor House is one not to be missed, The main house offers 6 Double Bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, 3 large reception rooms, an annexe/studio, games room, Swimming pool and hot tub in approx 1 acre plot"
"This charming, detached property is set within the idyllic rural setting of Elfordleigh and is situated on the golf course. Elfordleigh sits to the east of Plymouth, conveniently located for access into the city, up to the open spaces of Dartmoor and to the local facilities in nearby Plympton. O..."
"An exceptionally high spec. new build, detached home finished to the highest of standards. Open Plan Kitchen/Living/Dining Rm, Cinema Rm, Study, Utility, Cloakrm, 4 Bedrooms, Master Ensuite & Dressing Rm, 3 Bath/Shower Rms, Landscape Gardens, Dble Gge"
Waterside Office . Lang Town and Country are delighted to present to the market this truly fantastic and rare opportunity to acquire a top floor apartment within one of Plymouth Hoe’s most sought after developments.  The Rivage apartments are a landmark develop...
Fantastic development located just off Alma Road in Plymouth. This property is being sold as an ongoing concern with tenants in situ. The property comprises 4 x 2 bedroom dwellings and 2 x 1 bedroom flats. Planning Permission has also been granted to provide an additional 2 x 1 bedroom flats
"Bovisand Harbour puts you in the glorious South Devon district of Wembury, an area with a protected coast of special scientific interest, deep inside the South Hams Area of Outstanding Natural Beauty. The setting presents a blend of scenic coastline and beautiful, unspoilt countryside. The sur..."
"An Edwardian detached house standing in half an acre of south facing mature level gardens in an established residential area within easy reach of Mount Batten and Plymouth Waterfronts, and within a mile of the South Hams. Tenure- Freehold. Council tax rating G. EPC Rating E. Services-Mains water..."
"Grade II Listed Georgian property built by the famous Georgian architect , Foulston in 1825. This grand residence offers six double bedrooms, five reception rooms, four bathrooms, beautiful rear gardens as well as a huge communal area to the front."
"*Guide Price £950,000 - £975,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this stunning and unique Swedish designed detached family home which is in the sought-after residential area of Mannamead. This beautiful and private property is accessed via a long automated gated driveway,..."
"Introducing this exclusive development, tucked away in the centre of Plymstock which is accessed by its own private drive leading to a gated entrance. It has four large double bedrooms and is expected to be completed by Q4 2023. The dwelling is a contemporary masterpiece, and will be..."
"This truly spectacular five-bedroom residence is set within one of Plymouth’s most prestigious streets. The home has been owned for almost 16 years, and during this time it has undergone extensive work to create this sensational family home, providing the property with family freedom and ve..."
"Built circa 1926, this magnificent historical property has an enviable presence further enhanced by its beautiful mature southwest facing gardens. Containing a wealth of period features and an extended kitchen effortlessly blending the very best of period features with luxury contemporary living...."
"Impressive, triple aspect penthouse with two large east and west facing terraces, offering superb elevated views over Plymouth Sound, Plymouth City Centre & River Tamar. Two allocated parking spaces, open plan living space & utility Room. 1367 Sq Ft."
Immaculately presented waterside town house with spectacular marina views
EXTENDED AND SPACIOUS TRADITIONAL FAMILY HOME This semi-detached house is full of natural light and offers a great space with flexible living for the modern family. There is a study plus dining room/playroom as well as a good size kitchen/diner with patio doors opening onto the enclosed...
"Guide price £130,000- £135,000. Located in central Plymouth is this two-bed first floor flat, which is very conveniently a 2-minute walk to Plymouth University. It is also within a proximity to the city centre; local primary school; the main railway station; local convenience stores ..."
"This splendid period property is a real hidden gem in a quiet backwater location yet still close to the city centre & within easy walking distance of all local amenities. The property provides a home & income with 2 beautifully-appointed self-contained flats, currently used as an Airbnb. The main..."
‘Hillside’ is a fabulous Georgian house offering versatile accommodation built in crica 1734 and has an abundance of history. Hillside was the first ever Mary Dean school and served as a school for boys for 100 years. We understand in 1824 the property then became a garden nursery....
"""Russell Avenue"" is one of the most desirable and sought-after avenues within the city and has a wonderful array of individual homes. The property is situated in the popular area of Hartley with an excellent range of local facilities, close to reputable Grammar and Private schools an..."
"GUIDE PRICE £850,000-£875,000 An impressive newly built detached dwelling, individual architect designed property with high quality specification & finish. Designed with energy efficiency in mind, 'A' rated with low cost expenditure & outgoings. A privately owned solar heating system, battery sto..."
"Direct Access to Slipway *Magnificent Direct Water Views *South and Westerly Facing Sun Terrace * Very Close To Excellent Schooling *3 Bedrooms *Tandem Garage *Family Bathroom ( Ensuite) *Well Appointed Kitchen/Dining room/Living Area
"
"Located in a cul-de-sac of three contemporary homes in the sought-after location of Colebrook Plympton, which has a real village feel is this 5 bedroom detached family home set in a gated cul-de-sac. "
"A superb Scandinavian style detached house in an EXCLUSIVE PRIVATE DEVELOPEMNT of 12 prestigious homes, nestled in a Sylvan setting in an area of ancient woodland adjacent to the beautiful Plymbridge Valley. Features include an In-Out Driveway, double garage, Spa Room with Sauna and Hot-tub, Mode..."
"Direct Access to Slipway *Magnificent Direct Water Views *Westerly Facing Sun Terrace * Very Close To Excellent Schooling *4 Bedrooms *Double Garage *Family Bathroom (2 Ensuites) Utility Room *Well Appointed Kitchen/Dining room/Living Area *Solar Panels on Roof
"
"Direct Access to Slipway Fantastic For Water Sports*Magnificent Direct Water Views *Westerly Facing Sun Terrace * Very Close To Excellent Schooling *4 Bedrooms *Double Garage *Family Bathroom (2 Ensuites) Utility Room *Well Appointed Kitchen/Dining room/Living Area *Solar Panels on Roof
"
"Guide Price £800,000 - £850,000 Characterful detached home set in stunning waterside position with outstanding panoramic views over the tidal River Tamar. Beautifully presented four bedroom home suitable for weekend retreat or as a fantastic party house. Delightful gardens and extensive balconi..."
**PROPERTY OFFERED WITH LAND ADJACENT THAT HAS PLANNING PERMISSION IN PLACE FOR TWO DETACHED HOMES** This three bedroom family home is located in the heart of Hartley and will be sure to suit a growing family or alternatively those looking for development opportunities. The pro...
Spectacular Views Over Plymouth Sound* Lounge With Stunning Views* Modern Kitchen/Breakfast Room* Video Tour Available* Garage & Off Road Parking* Well Kept Garden With Views* 5 Bedrooms* Dining room* Bathroom & 2  Ensuites* Viewing Adv...
This grand Georgian Villa in the heart of Stoke is proudly sat within one of the largest gardens in the neighbourhood of approximately 1/3 of an acre. The five double bedroom home dates to the 1830s and is flourishing with character and original features throughout and comes with a staggering his...
"'Manor Park' is a most sought-after and private development of individual and exclusive modern detached properties which adjoin and overlook the wooded Plym Valley. Managed by the National Trust, the woods offer access to the river, some fabulous woodland walks and an abundance of natu..."
"Residential development site with outline planning permission for the erection of up to 25no. dwellings, together with associated infrastructure works. The site extends, in total, to approximately 2.84-acres (1.15-hectares). "
"Situated in the popular residential area of Mannamead Lang Town and Country are delighted to offer to the market ‘Glen Lodge’, this deceptively spacious and extensively renovated detached bungalow on a quiet, secluded south facing corner plot boasting spectacular panoramic views of..."
"A beautiful DETACHED, 1930's TRISCOTT built family home boasting FOUR BEDROOMS, a STUDY, beautiful front and rear GARDENS, DRIVEWAY for multiple cars, ORIGINAL FEATURES throughout and a DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE but more impressively situated in a HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER ROAD within Plympton!!"
"Guide £750,000 - £795,000 | 3D Tour available on request | Popular & convenient location of Merafield, Plympton | Luxury appointed kitchen/breakfast room | 3 Reception Rooms | 7 Bedrooms | 2 En-suites, 2 family bathrooms & 2 separate WC's | Further attic room with potential for..."
Substantial extended detached 1930s 5 bed house with self-contained 1 bed annexe | Ideal for income or multi-generational living | Stunning countryside views | Edge of popular South Hams village in easy reach of Plymouth and the coast | EPC D66
"An elegant Grade II listed semi-detached villa of generous proportions, with two reception rooms, four double bedrooms, a bespoke luxury fitted kitchen and delightful gardens all conveniently situated within a highly sought after Conservation Area with the additional benefit of a self-contained c..."
"**LUXURIOUS DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN DERRIFORD** Dunraven Drive is home to this luxurious, and uniquely extended detached family home. The property has been completely redesigned, to give a light, airy and versatile feel making it suitable for all uses . If you like to entertain or have ..."
"LOCATION, location is a key selling point to this immaculately presented STUDENT INVESTMENT property. Arranged as a 6 bed, a 5 bed and a studio flat, makes this property quite individual. FULLY LET for 2023 with a RENTAL INCOME of £61,068 and furthermore RE-LET for 2024 at an INCREASED INCOM..."
"Guide: £700,000 to £750,000 | Executive style detached house I Potential to extend (STP) | Integral Double garage | Generous proportions | Level rear garden | Master bedroom with balcony and en-suite | "
"A semi-detached house understood built in the 1930's. In need of updating. Good potential. No onward chain. Entrance porch, hall, good size front set lounge with double doors opening to a dining room set to the rear. In the tenement section a spacious kitchen/breakfast room. At first floor ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £700,000 - £725,000 A most well presented extended modern detached house, believed to have been built in the 1960's, maintained and improved buy the present owners, providing a most spacious comfortably appointed family home offering flexibility of layout and usage. Having the potenti..."
"Beautiful Grade II* Listed Duplex apartment with private south facing gardens, three double bedrooms and superb panoramic views of Plymouth Sound & Promenade. With large kitchen, plethora of period features, two bathrooms & no onward chain."
"Beautiful waterside four bedroom townhouse with stunning views and access to a slipway. This sizeable residence boasts a thirty foot garage, carport and private parking space, rear garden and front veranda with waterside views, a utility room, four bathrooms and is immaculately presented."
A BEAUTIFUL and CHARMING detached BARN CONVERSION known as The Granary is nestled on the outskirts of Plympton and in the middle of the South Hams. Its RURAL position offers TRANQUILITY and SPACE. Boasting ORIGINAL FEATURES this property has FAR REACHING VIEWS and sits on an IMPRESSIVE PLOT.
"""Powisland Drive"" is without doubt one of the most desirable and sought-after avenues within the city and has a wonderful array of individual detached quality homes. The property is situated in a popular Northern suburb with an excellent range of local facilities including the nearby..."
"A VERY WELL PRESENTED CHARACTER 7 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED VICTORIAN HOUSE with EN-SUITE, EXTENDED KITCHEN / DINING ROOM, UTILITY, 3 RECEPTION ROOMS, REAR COURTYARD and FRONT GARDEN in the EXTREMELY SOUGHT AFTER ROAD of THORN PARK, MANNAMEAD."
"We are delighted to offer to the market this fine opportunity to acquire a former 16 bedroom care home set in the desirable residencial area of Hartley. Evergreen is conveniently located within the popular residential area of Mannamead, allowing easy access to Derriford Hospital and the A38."
"A VERY WELL PRESENTED DETACHED 4 DOUBLE BEDROOM, MASTER EN-SUITE, BARN CONVERSION with STYLISH LARGE OPENPLAN KITCHEN, DINING AND LIVING ROOM SPACE benefitting from a GARAGE, PARKING and LOVELY GARDEN GROUNDS in the POPULAR RURAL AREA of PLYMPTON."
"Rarely available & superbly presented, Grade II listed family dwelling with a double garage & level rear gardens. Set over four floors, this characterful Georgian town house is oozing with charm & character throughout. Complete with a self contained, one bedroom apartment underneath."
"An 8 bed STUDENT INVESTMENT property with the additional BONUS of 2 x 1 bed flats. Currently FULLY LET with an RENTAL INCOME of £58,716 and RE-LET for 2023/2024 with an increased RENTAL INCOME of £67,226. Prime location, right opposite UNIVERSITY campus, great rooms, and immaculately pr..."
"Exquisite Victorian family home, with south facing gardens, a plethora of period features, three reception rooms & potential for further development. With four double bedrooms, two bathrooms, front and rear gardens, double garage, stable block with garden, kitchenette & utility room & ample off ..."
"Video tour Available* Grade II Listed* Stunning Large Gardens* Close To Excellent Schooling & Local Amenties* Many Character Features* Double Garage & Workshop* Ample Off Road Parking* Utility Room* 3 Reception Rooms* 4 Bedrooms* Bathroom & Ensuite* Dressing Room* Downstairs WC*
"
"A superb detached family home situated at the end of a small cul de sac in this HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION. Features include generous parking, a detached HAIR SALON/HOME OFFICE, FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, four bathrooms, stunning re-designed kitchen/breakfast room, Wonderful entertaining VERANDA WIT..."
9 bedroom fully let HMO currently configured as 8 en suite bedrooms.
"A Grade ll listed family home offering versatile and flexible living accommodation. This spacious period property has been beautifully maintained by the current owners and would make a wonderful home for a growing family. Externally, College House benefits from a west facing courtyard which provi..."
" Waterside Office . Video Tour Available.Breath Taking Waterside Apartment* 3 Bedrooms (One With Ensuite)* Utility Room* Sun Terrace* Spacious Living Room* Close To Amenities* Viewing Recommended* Modern Kitchen* Video Tour Available* Family Bathroom
"
"Dating back from 1810 is this uniquely adapted period abode which provides living accommodation set over three floors, spanning an approximate floor area of 3,774sq ft. This monumental residence offers 4 high end self-contained holiday letting apartments but also offers the versatility of being u..."
Luxury barn conversion | Underfloor heating throughout | Quiet but convenient rural location | 3 Bedrooms (master en-suite) | Full Fibre Connection | Garage and parking | Private garden and communal 3.5 acre field | EPC E53
"Magnificent penthouse apartment with exceptional panoramic views over Plymouth Hoe, Plymouth Sound & Drakes Island. Occupying a top corner plot, with two secure underground parking spaces. Viewing highly advised."
"Waterside Office - Being offered to the market with vacant possession and no onward chain, Lang Town and Country are delighted to present this beautiful top floor duplex penthouse which is spread over the 4th and 5th floors.
"
"WELCOME TO THE LAUNCH OF PHASE 3 AT STANBOROUGH PARK ELBURTON.  This development began in February 2021, the first two phases are now exchanged, and nearing completion and we have the pleasure in showing the next phase available for you to buy.  Phase three has three plots, 8, 9 and ..."
"*Guide Price £630,000 - £650,000* Cross Keys Estates are excited to present for sale this truly one of a kind property, being a substantially extended semi-detached home believed to have been built circa 1929. The property is situated in the heart of the prestigious Mannamead area of Plymout..."
"A substantial well-presented period built home arranged over 3 storeys, with a partially configures basement with ptential for a self-contained Annexe. Recently renovated & well improved. 5 Double Bedrooms, 3 Receptions Rooms, Modern Kitchen/Breakfast Room, 2 Bathrooms & Double Driveway."
Aspire Estate Agents are proud to present this gorgeous three-bedroom family home situated in Popular residential area of Eggbuckland. Accommodation comprises hallway - living room - kitchen/diner - stairs - landing - bedroom one - bedroom two – bedroom three – bathroom. You first enter the...
"This magnificent and imposing Tudor style home sits proudly on a substantial surrounding plot, set a fair distance back in its grounds and therefore boasts supreme curb-appeal. The five bedroom detached residence has been adapted, extended and fully renovated in recent years and now offers immens..."
"GUIDE PRICE £600,000 - £625,000. Impressive well presented period built late Victorian terraced house, 4 storeys, attractive original & characterful period features. 2 reception rooms, 22ft kitchen/breakfast room, 7 bedrooms, bathroom/wc & shower room/wc. Basement rooms including a large useabl..."
"Situated in a sought after location close to Elburton Village is this SPACIOUS four bedroom semi-detached house. Offering a good amount of living space with fantastic sized bedrooms, two bathrooms, BRIGHT & AIRY lounge leading to a BALCONY, ample PARKING, DOUBLE GARAGE, front and rear GARDENS."
"Six Bedroom Detached Family Home. A fine example of a family home offering versatile and flexible living. Situated in the charming village of Lutton. Located not too far from thriving towns of Plymouth and Exeter. This home offers flexible, multi-generational living. With ample driveway..."
"A beautiful substantial detached family home. Open plan south facing living area, contemporary kitchen, south facing terrace, four double bedrooms (master en suite), family bathroom, games room, utility, parking, garage, large garden, GCH, PVCu D/G"
"*DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM HOUSE IN DESIRABLE STOGGY LANE* Fully fitted kitchen, utility room, Sun lounge, Main lounge and separate dining room, Four double bedrooms with an en-suite to master bedroom, Family bathroom and downstairs w.c., Extensive front and private rear gardens, Driveway and garage."
"*Guide Price £575,000 - £595,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale a fantastic opportunity to acquire an established investment property, perfect for any budding investor or to add to an established portfolio. The property comprises two ground floor retail units, which bo.."
A highly desirable 1930’s detached house occupying a predominantly LEVEL PLOT of approximately 0.3 acres in this sought after street amongst properties of individual design. The property retains many characteristic features from this popular era and has been beautifully maintained throughou...
"Spacious 3 storey Victorian mid-terraced house, ugraded & improved. Having quality uPVC double glazing & gas central heating. The property retains a variety of original & characterful period features. On the ground floor with lounge, 2nd reception room, wc & 30' modern fitted kitchen/dining ro..."
**GRADE 2 LISTED GEORGIAN PROPERTY BURSTING WITH CHARACTER** This beautiful Grade 2 listed property was built in 1827 and sits within the Earl Of Edgcumbe Estate. Originally owned by a sea captain this expansive family home boasts a stunning versitale layout spanning across four floors....
"This three bedroom apartment is part of this new development situated within Sutton Harbour offering spectacular South Westerly views across the ever-popular Harbour, towards The Barbican and The Hoe and beyond to Plymouth Sound.With balconies and sizeable picture windows designed to enhance and ..."
"Stunning detached family home set within walking distance of Notre Dame School and Derriford Hospital. Spacious living areas with large kitchen-breakfast room and separate utility room, four bedrooms, two bathrooms and planning consent to extend further if desired with annexe potential. Beautiful..."
"This exceptional detached bungalow is positioned on a large plot, measuring approximately a third of an acre, and has been extended by the current owners to offer a spacious home. The accommodation comprises: entrance porch, hallway, lounge, dining room, sun room, kitchen, utility, four good size..."
"This particularly spacious and versatile home is located within the ever-popular residential area of Hartley. Internally the particularly spacious accommodation boasts bay fronted lounge, dining room with attached snug, extended kitchen with attached sunroom, five bedrooms (four doubles), four pi..."
"Looseleigh Lane  Guide Price £550,000-£600,000 This beautiful, detached 4 bedroomed house really does have the Wow factor. The property is located in the Derriford area of Plymouth which boasts easy access routes to the Town Centre but also Dartmoor National Pa..."
"***NEW PRICE MUST SEE*** This stunning four double bedroom detached property sits on enviable plot within one of Plympton's most sought after addresses. The property has a double width driveway, owned solar panels, three reception rooms and a very sunny South facing garden. It also has a l..."
"A four-storey Georgian town house, dating from the late 1700s, which includes a charming south facing stone walled garden, and commands beautiful long views to countryside."
**NEW BUILD** STUNNING ARCHITECT DESIGNED 4 BEDROOM 3 BATHROOM HOUSE WITH ELECTRIC GATED ENTRANCE SITUATED WITHIN TAMERTON FOLIOT *PART EXCHANGE CONSIDERED* **NO CHAIN**
We are delighted to offer this beautiful family home in a great residential area. This immaculate four-bedroom detached property has a fantastic west facing rear garden and its own woodland. Derriford is situated in the north of Plymouth close to Derriford Hospital and only five miles from Ply...
The Ransford is a traditional style double fronted home with a flexible and contemporary layout
"This extended, detached home sits on a good-sized corner plot within Derriford and boasts a driveway with space four vehicles along with a double garage. Internally the property comprises, entrance porch and hallway, good sized lounge, a large and versatile family home, dining area, kitchen, util..."
"An attractively designed detached house dating back to the 1920's, retaining a variety of characterful and period features, and these complimented by modern conveniences of double glazing, gas central heating etc. The well proportioned accommodation including porch, a spacious reception hall, fro..."
"This three bedroom family home is located in the heart of Hartley and will be sure to suit a growing family. The property is set over two floors, offering spacious living accommodation throughout. The entrance level Comprises a home office, perfect for those who work remotely as well as a generou..."
"A superbly presented characterful home being an original period built cottage which has undergone major upgrading, improvement & refurbishment together with substantial extension. Works undertaken in a style sympathetic and in keeping with the period. Gas central heating & double glazing. Well-ap..."
"A well appointed refurbished terraced bungalow in a desirable location. Entrance hall, lounge/dining room, recently refitted kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom, parking, GCH, PVCU D/G"
"Situated within a highly desirable and select cul-de-sac of individual detached quality homes, this most appealing detached family home positioned on an attractive corner plot offers versatile accommodation for any growing family. The local area of Derriford is extremely popular and this prope..."
"8 bed renovated fully let HMO with 3 shared bathrooms and rear access currently producing £41,040 pa with scope to increase."
"GUIDE PRICE £525,000 - £550,000 Well presented extended semi-detached house built c.1930. Quality fixtures and fittings throughout. Spacious reception hall, generous size lounge, separate dining room, large 'L' shaped spacious kitchen/breakfast room, utility room and downstairs wc, large attache..."
Deceptively spacious Georgian town house offering accommodation arranged over three floors. The property boasts private off road parking for a number of vehicles along with substantial gardens located to the rear of the property. This home would appeal to those looking for a convenient and centra...
"A spacious detached 4 bedroom family home built c.1973 owned by the present owners for many years, looked after well, maintained and upgraded. Offering generously proportioned light and airy accommodation laid out over two storeys. Having the benefit of quality uPVC double glazing and gas fired ..."
"This beautiful property is sat in the heart of the ever popular area of Beacon Park and combines a mixture of contemporary living accommodation and stylish, well established business premises. The property has been decorated to a high standard throughout and offers a spacious lounge wi..."
"FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME Plot 18 - The Tamar - A village development of 28 two, three and four bedroom homes built to the latest modern standards of design. Barley Meadows is located adjacent open countryside yet only five miles from either the South Devon Coast or Plymouth City Centre."
Stone-built period detached house set within large gardens approaching 1/3 of an acre. The property requires full updating & developing & comes with approved planning permission for a hip-to-gable roof conversion. Once completed the accommodation will cover 3 storeys providing approximately 2000 ...
"Lang Town and Country are pleased to present to the market this gated detached four-bedroom residence tucked away down a private driveway in the popular sought after residential area of Beacon Park close to highly-regarded schooling, the green open spaces of Central Park and local amenit..."
Five Bedroom Charater Home with Detached Barn. A superb Grade II Listed family home. The property offers spacious & flexible accommodation. Set within the heart of Plympton St Maurice within walking distance to the centre of Plympton. The property has retained an abundance of origin...
"This popular style property is nestled within one of Crownhill's most exclusive roads, is the former show home from when the estate was developed and offers versatile and free-flowing accommodation.
"
"Fox & Sons are delighted to present to the market this unique, period Grade II listed house in the exclusive and sought after location of Athenaeum Street. Perfectly situated on Plymouth Hoe with easy access to the Historic Barbican and Plymouth City Centre, it's the perfect Ocean City Property."
"Guide Price £500,000 - £550,000 | Georgian end terrace town house | Large barn ideal for use as studio/workshop/small business office/storage/annexe space (stp) I Garage | 5 bed 4 bath |"
"Four bedroom executive, detached residence in a quiet cul-de-sac with countryside views. Lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility rm, sun rm, conservatory, 4 bedrooms, en suite, shower rm, front & rear gardens, dble garage & driveway, PVCu DG, GCH"
"Well-presented detached family home in a sought-after cul-de-sac location with an enclosed south-facing rear garden & a double garage. The accommodation briefly comprises a beautifully-fitted kitchen/dining room, lounge & separate dining room, conservatory, snug, utility room, downstairs wc, 4 be..."
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £535,000 An impressive 6 double bedroom family home located in Lockyer Road, Mannamead, offering versatile and spacious accommodation throughout. The property has superb potential to make a large family home or even the ability to have multiple families toge..."
"Guide Price £500,000 - £525,000 | Detached barn conversion | Accommodation on one level | Beautiful private garden with stunning countryside views | 2 Double bedrooms | 2 Bathrooms (one en-suite) | Open plan living accommodation | Garage | Private parking and visitors parking | Communal..."
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £525,000 A substantial most well-presented period built house arranged over 3 storeys. Looked after well and improved. Characterful and period features. 2 large reception rooms, 20' modern fitted kitchen/breakfast room, utility room and downstairs wc. 5 bedrooms and larg..."
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £550,000 Individually designed detached property which has been extended and enjoys four double bedrooms, large lounge spacious kitchen /dining room, with exposed beamed ceiling with additional down lighting, two bathrooms and a very large Cellar Works..."
"Local Area The Mountbatten peninsula is situated on the Eastern shore of Plymouth Sound, and next to the mouth of the river Plym.  The approximately 4 miles long and wide Plymouth Sound is famous for being one of the best natural harbours in the country, and hosts several national and int..."
"A charming four bedroom period family home offering approximately 2,405 sq ft of accommodation over four floors. The property is situated moments away from The Hoe with its beautiful far reaching views of the Plymouth sound. Freehold. Tax Band C. EPC D."
"Desmond & Co are delighted to offer this vastly extended four bedroom detached property to the market. Beautifully appointed on a large plot offering ample parking, great size rear garden and within a short walk of the Broadway the property also benefits from a substantial work shop as wel..."
"****LUXURY APARTMENT, AVAILABLE NOW**** Spanning over 2,591 sq. ft of investment is this substantial 3 storey building which offers 3 luxury apartments upon one tittle. Being offered to the market with tenants in situ, providing a dependable return of £2,400pcm. The property offer..."
"This Edwardian Grade II listed former Guest House is situated on Plymouth Hoe which is one of the most enviable areas of the city. It offers extensive, flexible accommodation over four floors including a basement level self-contained apartment. This unique property is a few minutes’ walk..."
"The Cartwright is a larger than average two bedroom home with a bright, open plan kitchen/dining room and a large living room with French doors leading out to the rear garden. Both bedrooms are generously sized and the home benefits from ample built-in storage solutions as well as the ..."
"*** SWIMMING POOL & ANNEX *** A beautiful DETACHED bungalow with THREE BEDROOMS, situated within an IMPRESSIVE PLOT, with ENCLOSED gardens, an OUTDOOR POOL, detached ANNEX and 42 FT GARAGE/WORKSHOP. Internally the property is IMMACULATE and boasts a HIGH END kitchen with BREAKFAST ISLAND!!"
"Superbly-presented detached house situated in this highly sought-after location with views over the nature reserve. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance & inner hallway, downstairs cloakroom/wc, bay-fronted lounge & separate dining room, study & an open-plan kitchen/breakfast room with..."
"** FANTASTIC POTENTIAL ** Three double bedrooms, DETACHED BUNGALOW with DOUBLE GARAGE, driveway and a SUBSTANTIAL SIZED SOUTH FACING rear GARDEN. In NEED OF MODERNISATION, perfect project. A FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY to make this BEAUTIFUL, light and SPACIOUS property your new home. A must see property!"
Individual detached property situated in this highly sought-after cul-de-sac within Elburton. The property sits within a large plot with southerly-facing gardens. To the rear of the property there is an open-plan kitchen/dining room leading to a large walk-out balcony providing fantastic far-reac...
"Superbly-presented executive style detached family home situated in this quiet tucked-away position. The accommodation comprises an entrance hall, bay-fronted lounge, downstairs cloakroom/wc & an incredible open-plan full-width kitchen/dining/family room overlooking & leading onto the garden. On ..."
"Cross Keys Estates are extremely proud to present this truly one-of-a-kind property situated within the heart of the ever popular area known as Lower Compton, just a short distance away from Plymouth City Centre. The property has been beautifully modernised throughout to a high standard and in a ..."
"Extended detached family home situated in this tucked-away position in a highly sought-after location within Elburton. The property sits on a level plot with a south-facing rear garden. The accommodation comprises an entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom/wc, integral access to the garage, lounge, e..."
"**ANNEXE** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** This 'Stanbury' built detached family home is situated on a good sized corner plot in Colebrook, Plympton. The property has been extended to provide a separate annexe which could be used for extended family or older children. The main accommodation compris..."
"Detached 3/4 Bedroom Bungalow* Level Plot* Large Driveway & Garden*Close to Local Amenities* Popular Location* Gas CH & DG*  Viewing Recommended
"
"Superbly-presented extended detached dormer bungalow situated at the end of this quiet little cul-de-sac in the waterside village of Oreston. Briefly, the accommodation comprises an entrance hall, open-plan kitchen/breakfast room with a separate utility, lounge with wood burner & an open-plan sit..."
Four Bedroom Detached Home. Nestled in the heart of Plympton St Maurice with the rare added bonus of parking and a garage. Offering unique reverse level accommodation & benefits four double bedrooms. This home has a generous reception room with a dual aspect kitchen breakfast room. ...
"COMING SOON – a selection of 6 three-bedroom apartments in this new development situated within Sutton Harbour offering spectacular South Westerly views across the ever-popular Harbour, towards The Barbican and The Hoe and beyond to Plymouth Sound.With balconies and sizeable picture windows desig..."
"Guide Price £475,000 - £500,000 A 17th/18th century warehouse conversion with some 3700 sq. ft. accommodation, with quality fixtures and fittings, and many period features, spacious with 75ft long hall with bar, 28ft sitting/dining room, 29ft bespoke fitted kitchen/breakfast room with appliances,..."
"Superb & elegant Victorian family home, full of period features with three reception rooms, large courtyard garden & a large, double garage. Complete with Five double bedrooms & two bathrooms."
"An extremely rare opportunity to acquire this truly magnificent Grade II* Listed detached residence, set within the grounds of Ford Park Cemetery. An internal viewing is strongly recommended to fully appreciate this unique property."
"This substantial five-bedroom Victorian house is located close to Devonport Train Station which provides direct trains to London and is situated near local primary schools, as well as the grammar Devonport High School. The property is also local to the award-winning Devonport Park. Renovated to a..."
"Set in the highly desirable location of Sherford, is this immaculate semi-detached property that is arranged over three floors, with high ceilings, spacious living accommodation and sash windows throughout. Built only 2 years ago, with 8 years NHBC warranty remaining and benefits from a south fac..."
"Detached house located in the popular village of Elburton with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance hall, kitchen/dining room, lounge, dining room, conservatory, utility room, downstairs cloakroom/wc, 5 bedrooms, 2 of which are ensuite plus a family shower room & study. Off-road parking, ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £475,000 - £500,000 A well-presented semi-detached house offering flexibility of layout & usage. Currently a spacious family home which has in the past been remodelled & extended & can potentially be sub-divided if desired to create a self-contained annexe. Previously a well proporti..."
"A four bedroom detached bungalow, located in a sought after central location in the heart of Plymstock close to local amenties. Briefly comprising; entrance porch, open plan kitchen/ lounge, four double bedrooms, enuite, family bathroom, utility room, driveway and rear garden."
"Grade II listed Georgian family home comprising four bedrooms (two with en-suites), three reception rooms, modern fitted kitchen and utility room. Bedroom One also has the added bonus of having a walk-in dressing room. With a blend of modern and period features, early viewing is strongly advised!"
"This unique and particularly spacious detached property occupies a substantial corner plot and has been remodelled and modernised by the current owners. Internally the accommodation currently offers bay fronted lounge which could also make a potential fourth bedroom, a stunning re-fitted kitchen/..."
"Executive five bedroom property - Highly desirable location within Sherford - Parking for two cars with garage - South facing garden - Beautifully presented throughout - Stunning Kitchen/diner/family room - Spacious lounge - Cloakroom, bathroom & three ensuite bathrooms - Ideal family home"
"Guide Price £475,000 - £495,000 A 1970's built detached house substantial double storey extension. Well presented and comfortably appointed home with contemporary features & many tech gadgets. A porch, hall, downstairs wc, good sized lounge, open plan dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, utility ..."
"Guide Price £200,000 - £210,000 A mid terraced coach house which was purchased new in 2018. Providing spacious and well-proportioned accommodation with over 1000 square feet. Door with entrance lobby, generous size single garage and accessed from the rear a useful outside store. At first floor ..."
"Superb investment opportunity! Clever Estate Agents are delighted to offer to market a selection of 8 Studio Apartments located within Marvell House dedicated to Student living. Excellent potential yields, new lease with 247 years remaining, £300 PA ground rents. Parking is available by request. ..."
"Charming Converted Cider Press Barn with many Character Features, Three Bedrooms, Living Room and Mezzanine Study, Garden, Garage and Parking, Countryside Views.."
"Desirable Residential Location* 5 Bedroom Detached Family Home* Downstairs WC* Utility Room* Integral Garage* Family Bathroom & Separate Shower Room* Off Road Parking* Generous Sized rear Garden* Close To Local Amenities* Video Tour Available*
"
"Set over three storeys, the Ripley is the perfect family home. A large kitchen/dining room forms the heart of the home and the ground floor also features a similarly separate living room. Four bedrooms, one with an en suite and a family bathroom are located on the first floor, while a ..."
"Superbly-located older-style detached bungalow with a southerly-facing rear garden with fabulous views. The accommodation briefly comprises a hallway, lounge leading through to an open-plan kitchen/dining room with bi-folding doors leading to the garden. There are 4 double bedrooms, 3 with ensuit..."
"*Guide Price - £450,000 - £475,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this stunning executive style detached home located within the highly sought after and respected area of Hartley Vale. This wonderful family home has undergone a thorough program of refurbishment and now..."
"*** IN SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION, CLOSE TO DERRIFORD HOSPITAL AND NORTH PLYMOUTH LINKS, THIS STUNNING EXTENDED FOUR/FIVE BEDROOMED DETACHED HOME IS A FABULOUS FAMILY HOME. ***
Accommodation in brief: entrance hall, study/bedroom five, lounge, dining room/kitchen, utility room, shower room, family roo..."
"This exquisitely presented four bedroom home situated in Mount Batten has undergone an extensive transformation over the past few years and the end result is truly special. The entire layout of the property has been altered to cater for families, and is incredibly versatile, offering potential fo..."
"This charming four bedroom property was built more than 350 years ago blending characterful and modern finishes. The current owner has renovated the property to a standard of luxury, oozing class throughout. The ground floor comprises a spacious living room, with exposed wood beams and a feature ..."
"Immaculate show home standard family home, complete with private landscaped rear gardens, ample off road parking & a garage. Complete with main en-suite, open plan kitchen/breakfast room & newly installed bathroom. Viewing highly recommended."
"A beautifully presented detached property in a highly sought after location benefiting from low maintenance landscaped gardens, Hall, Lounge/Diner, Kitchen, Utility, Cloakroom, 4 Dble Bedrooms, En Suite, Bathroom, Garage & Driveway, PVC DG, GCH"
"The Lutyens is a beautiful double fronted, three storey, five bedroom family home. Featuring a spacious living room with French doors leading to the garden, a large open plan kitchen/dining area and a study; it really accommodates the whole family. In addition, there is a utility and d..."
"Superb duplex apartment offering panoramic views over Plymouth Sound & Hoe. Complete with a recently installed kitchen & shower room, with two double bedrooms, main en-suite, secure underground car park & private rear terrace."
"DETACHED FLETCHER BUNGALOW Occupying a generous corner plot in Furzehatt Way, this Fletcher built bungalow offers spacious accommodation and gardens to all sides. Viewing highly recommended."
"Rarely available, second floor apartment with panoramic South facing views over the city, Stonehouse Peninsula, Royal William Yard & Plymouth Sound. With two allocated parking spaces, large balcony, open plan living space & no onward chain."
"***MIXED COMMERCIAL AND RESIDENTIAL SITUATED IN A HIGHLY DESIRABLE, CENTRAL LOCATION*** A rare opportunity to acquire Commercial Unit and 2 self-contained 4 Bed (all en-suite) flats, currently let for the next academic year producing £44,000 gross income. Commercial premises currently let p..."
"Fantastic investment opportunity, currently achieving a 7% return, however this could easily be increased to 8%. The property consists of 4 self contained apartments all currently let. The property has been well maintained throughout"
This beautifully presented detached property has undergone a sensational transformation from top to bottom and has now been finished to a luxurious standard. The three-story property is in the much sought-after bustling village of Tamerton Foliot and is just a short drive from the centre of Plymo...
"*** MODERN FAMILY LIVING DOESN'T GET ANY BETTER THAN THIS! ***
This impeccably-presented and vastly-extended family home ticks every box! Accommodation comprises hall/reception room, cloakroom and storage, lounge, family room, HUGE dining kitchen, garage, landing, three bedrooms, master bedroom w..."
"A superb 4/5 bedroom detached family home, IMMACULATE HIGH SPEC FINISH, level plot, detached garage, WOOD BURNING STOVE, 4 bedrooms (four doubles), study/5th bedroom, MASTER EN SUITE, south-westerly facing garden, Easy access to PLYMBRIDGE WOODS. A stunning home throughout."
"WATERSIDE OFFICE*   Video Tour Available*  Many Character Features*  Spacious 2 Bedroom Apartment* Good Size Sitting Room/Dining Room* Modern Kitchen* Showeroom* Close To Local Amenities* A Must View Property* EPC Not Required* Separate WC*
"
"A rare opportunity to acquire an extended mid-terraced period cottage/restaurant currently trading as 'Just Williams' plus deceptive living space opening onto a private secluded rear garden. The accommodation briefly comprises a reception/bar area leading through to the main dining room, a genero..."
"A great sized family home in a SELECT CUL DE SAC of just eight detached properties situated a short walk from excellent local amenities. FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, fantastic master bedroom suite, SPACIOUS KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM, tandem garage, double width driveway, PVCu double glazing, gas central he..."
"This three-bedroom mid-terrace family home is a great opportunity for those looking for an spacious property in the convenient area of Leigham. The house is situated close to local amenities including Marsh Mills retail park, nearby supermarkets and within reach of Derriford Hospital. The propert..."
"Lang Town and Country and delighted to offer to the market this fantastic semi-detached house which has been extended twice to create an extremely versatile family home. The property which was once a former Doctors surgery occupies a popular location in the residential area of Hartley, close t..."
4 Bedroom detached home | 2 Reception rooms | Fitted kitchen with integrated appliances | Separate utility room/cloakroom | Immaculately presented | Master with en-suite shower room | Family bathroom | Delightful rear garden | Garage/store & driveway | uPVC double glazing & gas central he...
"This large four bedroom detached family home has been renovated to an incredibly high standard and will be sure to exceed a buyers expectation. The ground floor comprises a contemporary decorated living room, running the full width of the house, a bespoke open-plan kitchen / dining room, a genero..."
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME with a GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 Situated in a popular cul-de-sac location, spacious accommodation, parking and double garage. The house is within walking distance of Radford Woods and ..."
"Guide Price £450,000 - £475,000 Spacious & well presented 1940 built semi-detached house. Porch, reception hall, downstairs wc, lounge, dining room, conservatory, kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, four bedrooms, ensuite, bathroom. Private drive. Good sized garage. South westerly facing enclos..."
"This three bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next exciting phase, bringing together contemporary living and all the benefits of being located in the award winning Mount Wise. With a commanding position adjacent to the cricket pitch, the new homes will offer high quality finishe..."
"Tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac with countryside views to the rear is this extended, well-presented 4/5 bedroom detached family home with garage & off-road parking for 2 cars. The versatile accommodation comprises an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room, kitchen, conservatory, study ar..."
"*** AN EXCITING OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE A FREEHOLD BUILDING CURRENTLY SPLIT INTO FIVE INDIVIDUAL FLATS WITH TENANTS IN SITU ***
Currently generating a yield of over 8%, this is a super prospect for an investor, either experienced or just starting out. A good going concern ."
Beautifully refurbished and extended three bedroom detached bungalow - Highly desirable address within Derriford - large garage & driveway - Private and south facing rear garden - Cloakroom & four piece bathroom - Utility - Stunning open plan lounge/kitchen/diner - Finished to a high standard
This remarkable period property is as captivating in its magnitude as it is in its abundance of original character features and wealth of charm. There is far more here than may first appear as the property has been intelligently separated to allow for a large family home and a further two story o...
*Popular Fletcher Built Family Home  *Southerly Facing Rear Garden  *New fibre glass roof fitted to extension *Ample Off Road Parking  *4/5 Bedrooms  *Bathroom & Ensuite  *Utility Room  *Garage/Store  *Fantastic Far Reaching Views  *Well Kept Rear Ga...
"This lavishly presented period home is positioned just a stone’s throw from Central Park within a hidden and private residential cul-de-sac and is being sold with no onward chain. The magnificent detached property has undergone a staggering transformation, and what once was a tired and negl..."
"Guide Price £425,000 - £450,000 | Detached family home | Located in quiet cul-de-sac | 1/2 Reception rooms | Fitted kitchen with integrated appliances | 3/4 Double bedrooms | Family shower room | Downstairs cloakroom | Garage | Front & rear gardens | uPVC double glazing & gas ce..."
"Occupying a delightful location within the Stoke Damerel Conservation Area, and close to the recently rejuvenated and revived Devonport Park where there is a bandstand, tennis courts, children's play area and café, is this recently upgraded, most deceptive and impressive family home..."
"We are excited to offer to the market this impressive investment opportunity which boasts a commercial space on the ground floor, as well as three self contained apartments above. Once a thriving resturant, the commercial space has undergone extensive renovations in recent years and is in immacul..."
"Majoring on a luxury city centre penthouse by the sea; just a five minute walk from the breath-taking Royal William yard, and a short distance to the famous Barbican where you are simply spoilt for choice with bars and restaurants. This contemporary apartment is without doubt one of the most extr..."
"STUNNING STOKE PROPERTY! A unique opportunity to acquire this one of a kind end terrace house, arranged over FOUR FLOORS, with far reaching SEA VIEWS and OFF ROAD PARKING, plus the added bonus of NO ONWARD CHAIN! Please call Fox & Sons at your earliest convenience."
"Well-presented detached bungalow in a tucked-away cul-de-sac location. The accommodation briefly comprises kitchen/breakfast room, lounge/diner, 3 double bedrooms & 2 bathrooms. There is a double garage & a driveway providing off-road parking & wrap-around gardens providing beautiful far-reaching..."
"***** Offered with no onward chain *****
A substantial four bedroom executive detached family home on a modern estate within Elburton. This property ticks a lot of boxes with extras like a Utility room, downstairs W/C, En-suite, off road parking and a garage."
"**ONE OFF PRICE FOR OUR UPCOMING OPEN HOME EVENT** This five bedroom period family home is set within Stoke, a stone’s throw away from the dockyard. The property has been presented to an immaculate standard by the current owners and will be sure to impress any buyer. The ground floor offers..."
"This five bedroom period home boasts tremendous charm and character throughout, split over three floors the property offers space and versatility in abundance. The ground floor boasts two well-proportioned reception rooms, a downstairs Wc and an extensive kitchen / breakfast room to the rear with..."
Substantial period townhouse with many characterful features occupying an incredible position with parkland views plus a roof terrace with views over Plymouth towards Plymouth Sound. The accommodation comprises an entrance vestibule & hallway. On the ground floor there is a lounge with a beautifu...
"Detached family home tucked away in a sought after cul-de-sac in the heart of Plympton, with a garage & driveway. The accommodation comprises an entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen, lounge/diner, 4 bedrooms, master ensuite, family bathroom & study/bedroom 5. There are well-kept gardens to the front..."
"Guide price £ 425,000 - £450,000. Located in this exceptionally desirable position within an exclusive cul-de-sac is this beautifully maintained and presented detached bungalow. The bungalow offers great versatility as, in it's current arrangement, it has a totally self contained 1 be..."
"Extremely well presented extended modern built semi-detached house, prime position. uPVC double glazing and gas central heating. Low maintenance southerly facing rear garden, views to Cornwall. Entrance porch, hall, downstairs wc, quality modern fitted kitchen/breakfast room, large lounge/dining ..."
"FIVE BEDROOMS (ONE WITH A DRESSING ROOM AND ONE WITH EN-SUITE), THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, TWO KITCHENS AND TWO BATHROOMS is what is on offer in this tastefully presented Mid Terrace home situated in the convenient location of Millbridge with its range of amenities and Victoria Park is close by!"
"A beautifully appointed, semi detached 1930's home in a highly desirable, convenient location. Hallway, Sitting Room, Dining Room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Cloakroom, Three Bedrooms, Bathroom, Shower Room, Gardens, Swimming Pool, Garage, GCH, PVCu DG"
"GUIDE £425,000 TO £450,000 I Stunning character cottage | Large garden backing onto fields (appox. 0.2 acre plot) with summer house | Edge of village location | Wealth of character features | Woodburner | Utility Room | Kitchen/diner | Outbuilding | Potential off-road parking | Possibi..."
"Superbly-presented detached chalet style property with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance hall, feature open-plan lounge/kitchen/dining room, separate utility with downstairs wc, 4 double bedrooms- 2 upstairs & 2 downstairs, & first floor luxury bathroom. Driveway & additional parking. ..."
*4 Bedrooms *Dressing Room and master Ensuite *Private Estate *Completion Due Summer 2023 *Garage & Parking *Downstairs WC *Utility room *Enclosed large rear Garden *Generous Size Living/Dining Room *Halo Wifi Controlled Smart System to increase energy efficiency *Fabulous Specificati...
"Beautifully-presented detached bungalow with fantastic off-road parking & tandem double garages. The property is within walking distance of the Ridgeway shopping area, with spacious accommodation comprising an entrance vestibule & hall, lounge, kitchen, utility & conservatory/dining room with 2 b..."
This period four double bedroom Mid Terrace house is situated on Plymouth Hoe which is one of the most enviable areas of the city. This unique property is a few minutes’ walk away from the seafront where you can also explore the historic Barbican and Plymouth City Centre is also on your doorstep.
"A well presented and spacious, executive style detached property within a highly regarded location. Hall, Lounge/diner, Conservatory, Cloakroom, Kitchen, Utility, Four Double Bedrooms, En Suite, Bathroom, Level Gardens, Garage & Driveway, PVCu D/G, GCH"
"GUIDE £425,000 to £450,000 I Well presented Victorian semi-detached cottage | Far reaching countryside views to Dartmoor | Quiet hamlet in easy reach of the A38 and Plymouth | No onward chain |"
"A spacious four double bedroom detached home within an EXCLUSIVE ENCLAVE of properties at the end of a sought after cul de sac. Features include a SOUTH FACING GARDEN, double garage, generous CELLAR/WORKSHOP and far reaching views. "
"Semi Detached house with five bedrooms (master with en-suite), lounge, conservatory, fitted kitchen, family bathroom, separate w.c. Externally the property benefits from having driveway parking which, in turn, leads to a double garage. The rear garden is laid to decking and a large paved area."
"A high specification, newly built, detached family home in a convenient location. Hall, cloakroom, open plan kitchen/diner, sitting room, four bedrooms (master en suite), integral garage, large driveway, enclosed gardens, GCH, PVCu D/G, 10 year warranty"
"Plot 3-08 is a fantastic 3 bedroom apartment located within Teesra House the next phase of the Mount Wise development. This apartment offers panoramic views from the balcony across the city, Dartmoor and towards Plymouth Sound."
"Ursa Gardens is a stylish and contemporary family home, sitting in the sought after development of Sherford. Built 2 years ago by Taylor Whimpey, with 8 years NHBC remaining. The property is arranged over three floors, offering a flexible and well-proportioned layout. With the front door opening ..."
"Waterside Office . Video Tour Available. Well Presented Two Bedroom Apartment* Breath Taking Views* Spacious Living Room With Water Views* Master Bedroom With Ensuite* Modern Kitchen* Family Bathroom* Good Size Balcony* Storage Cupboards* Allocated Parking* EPC B81
"
"*** IMPRESSIVE SHERFORD HOME*** A gorgeous FOUR BEDROOM, SEMI-DETACHED family home with a BEAUTIFUL modern kitchen, SPACIOUS lounge, additional WC, SHOWER room and FAMILY BATHROOM, with an enclosed ROOF TERRACE and low maintenance REAR GARDEN with OFF ROAD PARKING. Call Fox & Sons today!!"
Aspire Estate Agents are delighted to present this exceptional 5-bedroom detached property situated in the highly sought-after area of Plympton. Accommodation comprises porch - hallway - cloakroom - living room - kitchen/diner - utility room - 3-double bedrooms - 2-single bedrooms - master bed...
This traditional double fronted home is perfect for families looking for extra space
"*FULLY OWNED SOLAR PANELS* A simply stunning two bedroom detached bungalow which has been completely renovated throughout, creating modern and contemporary living accommodation. As you enter the property there is an entrance hall with oak doors throughout, with a large kitchen dining room with Bi..."
"*Guide Price - £400,000 - £425,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this beautifully presented and highly versatile Georgian townhouse, situated within the highly sought after area of Stoke. Located just outside the wonderful ""Stoke Village"" and it's abundance of amenities, t..."
"Comprising of 4 good sized 1 bedroom apartments this property lends itself to an experienced investor, situated in a popular location and with a 7.8% yield with scope for an uplift in the rents, its one not to be missed"
"**INCREDIBLE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** This substantial property has been loosely arranged as four one bedroom flats. Each flat is currently tenanted, with all tenants on AST's, generating a conservative 6% return. The current rents are still slightly below market value and have scope to..."
"This stunning 4-bedroom family home is in the desirable Peverell area of Plymouth, positioned on Peverell Park Road overlooking Central Park to the front and offers a garden and a garage. The house has been finished to a high standard and boosts a mixture of charming character with original featu..."
"Set within the ever popular area of Derriford is this well presented four bedroom detached home, nestled away in a quiet road. The current owners have presented the property to an immaculate standard to which many buyers desire when looking for their future home. The ground floor comprises two re..."
Imposing Victorian House*  A Backwater Location*  Close To Many Local Facilities*   Wealth of Period Features*  4 Bedrooms*  Luxury Bathroom & Ensuite*  Off Road Parking 1/2 Cars*  Sunken &  Sheltered Patio Area*  Downstairs W...
"**GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000** Stunning detached family home with double garage and driveway! This beautiful home is tucked away in a sought after cul-de-sac in the desirable location of Hartley Vale and is situated on a larger than average plot! The property is a red ..."
Investment property let to students in strong secondary location close to city centre and the University campus
"A well-presented four bedroom detached house situated at the end of this popular cul de sac with DIRECT ACCESS TO THE FOOTPATHS OF CANN WOODS. Master ensuite, CONSERVATORY, generous driveway parking, TIMBER CABIN, Solar panels, south-westerly facing gardens. "
"****GUIDE £400,000 - £425,000**** Spanning over 3 floors with an approximate floor area of 2,188 sq. ft. is this deceptively large HMO property which offers 8 lettings rooms, 3 bathrooms and 2 kitchens. A dependable investment that provides a return of £43,260 per annu..."
** ATTENTION LANDLORDS**. Current income of £2200 per month. The property is let until August 2023. A stunning end terrace home located in a prime position within the new town of Sherford. This four bedroom Georgian style home is comprised over three floors
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000 Spanning over 1,400 sq. ft. of living space is this extended 1930's detached family home which is being offered to the market chain free. This glorious residence offers plenty of potential to be modernised, scope to create extra rooms in eithe..."
"Detached house situated in this highly popular road within Plymstock. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall, downstairs wc, large dual aspect lounge, separate dual aspect dining room & a fitted kitchen leading to a uPVC double-glazed conservatory. On the first floor there are 3 bed..."
"Hindhead Property is delighted to present this stunning example of ate Georgian craftsmanship built circa 1830; this property still proudly boasts elegant period features. Now available for offers over £400,000 offered with no onward chain, this family house is a must-view. Originally a fou..."
"***SUPERB INVESTMENT OR JUST A FAMILY HOME ? ***
Set in the heart of Stoke Village, this large house is currently used as a boarding house with a commercial unit at the bottom. Generating a yearly income of £36,500 in its current format, this accommodation is as versatile as it is profitable..."
WOODWAY IS A HIGHLY DESIRABLE ADDRESS WITHIN PL9 - DECEPTIVELY LARGE VERSATILE DETACHED PROPERTY - DRIVEWAY AND DETACHED GARAGE - PRIVATE LEVEL GARDEN WITH INCREDIBLE VIEWS - GREAT LOCATION FOR ACCESS TO GREAT SCHOOLS AND AMENITIES OF PLYMSTOCK BROADWAY - SCOPE FOR EXTENDING SUBJECT TO PERMISSION.
"Located on Peverell Park Road, overlooking Central Park to the front is this substantial double fronted 4 bedroom family home with the added benefit of a former shop, now being sold as part of the property, offering the fantastic bonus of a home office, or to create a separate annex or to incorpo..."
"Situated in the north of the city is this well-proportioned five bedroom detached family home. The entrance level comprises a modern kitchen / breakfast room, a downstairs bedroom which could conversely be used as a home office for those who work remotely. The ground floor has been re-configured ..."
"A DETACHED FAMILY HOME in a SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION within easy reach of Plymstock School, Dunstone Woods & Broadway Shopping precinct. Comprising, lounge/diner, FITTED KITCHEN, family room, FOUR BEDROOMS, en suite shower room, family bathroom, GOOD SIZED LEVEL GARDEN with SINGLE GARAGE and DRIVEWAY."
"Three Bedroom Detached House. Deceptive detached home situated in a semi rural location. Offering separate reception rooms, kitchen/breakfast room & cloakroom located on the ground floor. Three bedrooms, ensuite & family bathroom to the first floor. Driveway parking approac..."
RECENTLY UPDATED DETACHED DORMER BUNGALOW This three bedroom property is within easy reach of The Broadway shopping centre and bus links and benefits from having a level rear garden. The inside if the property has recently been modernised and offers a good size kitchen/diner with doors ...
"Delightfully presented four bedroom detached family home in a popular area of Plymstock. Benefitting from spacious lounge, modern kitchen, utility room, conservatory, downstairs cloakroom, master bedroom with ensuite. The property is in a fantastic location central to schools and local amenities."
"*** Guide Price £400,000 - £450,000 ***
A recently updated large investment property.
This large bay fronted period property is situated within Mutley, the house is a short walk from Mutley Plain, Plymouth University and the City Centre. Upon inspection you will find an entrance vestibu..."
"Impressive first floor apartment with large open plan living space, panoramic views over the water, two large double bedrooms, main -suite & utility room. Viewing highly advised. No onward chain."
"Guide Price £400,000 - £425,000 Positioned within the popular Peverell area of Plymouth is this extremely spacious and well-presented 5-bedroom family home located on Peverell Park Road close to Central Park and Hyde Park with its selection of shops and popular schools. Approac..."
*** INVESTMENT PROPERTY *** Substantial three storey mid terraced property situated on Lipson Road overlooking Freedom Fields Park. Three spacious one bedroom self contained flats. This property is being sold with tenants in situ. No onward chain
"A three-bedroom detached dormer bungalow, separate one-bedroom annex in a sought-after residential location. Lounge, dining rm, kitchen, en suite shower rm, bathrm, annex with living/bedroom area, shower rm & kitchen, garden, garage & driveway"
Nicely presented Victorian townhouse beautifully appointed on the tree lined Stuart Road the property is within walking distance of all amenities and Plymouth City Centre. Chain free
"Charming second floor apartment which has been upgraded & redeveloped. Complete with two double bedrooms, open plan living space, main en-suite & complementary bathroom, with secure underground parking & a south facing balcony. EWS1 B1 Rating - No Onward Chain"
"This substantial four bedroom detached family home offers space and versatility in abundance. The ground floor offers two well-proportioned reception rooms, both recently refurbished. A contemporary kitchen and a generous play area for children, as well as offering a further reception room which ..."
Delightful dormer-style bungalow | Beautifully presented throughout | Comprehensively fitted kitchen/dining room with multi-fuel burner | Sitting room with open fire | Large master bedroom with luxury en-suite bathroom | 2 Further ground floor double bedrooms | Family bathroom | Utility | EPC D64 |
"Superbly located modern detached family home situated in this quiet tucked-away enclave with accommodation comprising an entrance hall with downstairs cloakroom/wc, bay-fronted lounge, extended dining room/conservatory overlooking the garden, kitchen with utility, 4 bedrooms, one of which occupyi..."
"Superbly-presented modern detached house in a lovely position within Sherford. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall with downstairs cloakroom/wc, dual aspect lounge, open-plan dual aspect kitchen/dining room & separate utility. The first floor landing leads to 4 double bedrooms, f..."
"This well-presented semi-detached family home is situated on the edge of the town of Sherford, with lovely views of the surrounding green space. Built by Taylor Wimpey just three years ago, the “Redwood” design offers generous, spacious rooms throughout the property. The accommodat..."
"A delightful, detached bungalow in a wonderful TUCKED AWAY POSITION in a desirable cul de sac location, close to excellent amenities with DOUBLE GARAGE, generous driveway, master en suite, CONSERVATORY and beautifully finished throughout. "
"4 Bedrooms* Semi Detached Villa* Close To An Array Of Amenities* Modernisation & Improvement Required* Viewing Essential* South Facing Courtyard* Roof Terrace With Views* Character Features*
"
"Desmond & Co are delighted to offer this beautiful barn conversion situated in Elburton to the market. Oozing character and charm the property offers great size living space with two large reception rooms, three bedrooms and three bathrooms.
"
"This BEAUTIFUL and CHARMING period COTTAGE is situated in an IDYLLIC location not far from Colebrook Village. Benefiting from FOUR GOOD SIZED bedrooms, TWO SHOWER ROOMS, delightful gardens, utility room and DOWNSTAIRS WC. With SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION this pretty CHARACTER cottage must be viewed."
"Guide £390,000 to £410,000 Desmond & Co Estate Agents are pleased to offer this three bedroom detached property to the market. On the doorstep of both Hele and Boringdon Schools the property has a lovely South West facing garden, lounge, dining room, modern kitchen, en-suite to..."
"*UPWARD CHAIN COMPLETE* - Situated in the sought after development of Sherford is this FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME, complete with an enclosed, private rear garden, a garage and an allocated parking space. The property is arranged over three floors, offering a flexible and well-proportioned layout. A..."
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Georgian Mid Terrace House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £390,000 - £415,000*"
"Guide Price £390,000 Believed to date back 500 years, this charming period cottage was originally a Coaching Inn and is now being offered for sale for the first time in 30 years. The current owners have extended the cottage to provide spacious family accommodation that comprises: entranc..."
"The Marldon is a beautifully designed 4 bedroom semi-detached home, spread over three floors. On the ground floor you'll find an inviting entrance hallway and open plan kitchen/dining room with French doors providing access into the garden. Located off the kitchen is a handy utility ..."
"A beautifully maintained detached family home with FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, spacious conservatory, modern kitchen/diner, integral garage, DOUBLE WIDTH DRIVEWAY, corner plot in a quiet cul de sac, well placed for local amenities and woodland walks."
"A fantastic quirky detached elevated family home, that enjoys complete privacy, not overlooked by neighbours, situated on a 0.237 acres (0.111ha) plot. Located in close proximity to local schools and supermarkets, but far enough away, not to cause any disturbance. Accommodation comprises of entr..."
"Deceptively spacious dorma bungalow, complete with four/five bedrooms, a downstairs wet room and upstairs shower room. Accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance hall with doors off to the bedroom one and two, recently fitted wet room, and off to the dining room with stairs rising to the fir..."
This substantial investment opportunity is arranged as three substantial two bedrooms flats and is located within a prime central location close to Plymouth's train station and university. Each flat is self-contained and benefits from their own private outside space. Plymouth homes advise an earl...
A Characterful 1930’s Semi Detached House with Original Features* A Spacious Kitchen and Two Reception Rooms* Impressive Entrance Hallway* uPVC Double Glazing with some Windows Recently Renewed* Gas Central Heating* Driveway Parking and Garage* Rear Level Ga...
"The Burnet is a stylish 4 bedroom three storey family home. On the ground floor you'll find an open plan kitchen/dining area, a downstairs cloakroom and a large sitting room with French doors leading out to the garden. The first floor boasts a large master bedroom with its own en-sui..."
"Older-style detached double bay-fronted bungalow situated close to central Plymstock. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance vestibule & hallway, bay-fronted lounge, separate dining room, kitchen, 2 double bedrooms & shower room. Front & rear gardens. Drive & garage. The bungalow has hig..."
"Being offered with vacant possession and no onward chain is this well presented 4-bedroom semi-detached home which is within close proximity to good schooling and The Broadway shopping centre. 
"
"TURN THE KEY TO LOCKINGTON! A fantastic FIVE BEDROOM detached house in Hartley, with OFF ROAD PARKING and A GARAGE. Arrange over THREE FLOORS with TWO EN-SUITE'S and a beautiful rear garden that would satisfy any buyer! Call Fox and Sons to view TODAY!"
"This semi-detached villa is located within one of the City’s most favoured residential area within walking distance to an undeniable popular primary school, open green spaces of Hartley Park and local amenities of Henders Corner.
"
"This SPECTACULAR four bedroom DETACHED property in Merafield offers an abundance of SPACE both inside and out, and sits on an IMPRESSIVE PLOT with FAR REACHING VIEWS of the Dartmoor National Park, main bus routes and a short walk to the beautiful Saltram National Park. This property must be viewed."
"**Agents Note**. Both available properties are still under construction. The predicted completion date will be circa March 2023. Images shown are CGI graphics. We are excited to introduce these two attractive detached homes, both unique properties coming to the market are currently in the middle ..."
"***AVAILABLE WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN*** We are delighted to bring you this well presented, 4 double bedroom, extended semi detached family home with double driveway, large south facing garden with upstairs and downstairs bathrooms, centrally located in the popular Plymstock area."
"*WATERSIDE OFFICE * Crescent Avenue is located in a prime central location on Plymouth's historic Hoe, within moments' walk of the Waterfront, Theatre Royal, City Centre and two marinas."
"A substantial period town home offering vast amount of space and accommodation throughout. The property has oodles of potential and could be occupied in a variety of ways, in fact it is registered as a 7 bedroom HMO for students. (Any perspective purchaser would have to obtain their own licens..."
"Beautiful Victorian family home with large open plan kitchen/dining room, two further reception rooms & three double bedrooms. Complete with private rear gardens, plethora of period features throughout & a wood burner."
Desmond & Co are delighted to offer this vastly extended four bedroom property to the market. The property has a two storey extension to the side as well as a rear single storey extension that creates an incredible kitchen/diner. The property also has the benefit of an en-suite & walk in wardrobe...
"Superbly-positioned semi-detached family home occupying an elevated position, with lovely far-reaching countryside views. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall & kitchen/breakfast room opening into the lounge, dining room & shower room. Upstairs there are 4 double bedrooms, a dress..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a detached bungalow in the village of Lee Mill. The property has three double bedrooms, with master en suite, a good size lounge, family bathroom, and a kitchen diner leading into the conservatory. There is also an attractive rear garden, driveway parking and garage."
"Guide price £375,000 - £400,000. Located in this exceptional location in the very heart of Crownhill, a short walk to all the shops and services on offer, is this detached 4 bedroomed bungalow. As you approach the property you will see that it sits nicely at the top of the main Crownh..."
A spacious dormer style end terraced bungalow located within the popular Consort Village development. A sought after and desirable complex comprising of apartments and bungalows which date back circa.1994/95. Consort Village providing an excellent range of services and within the complex is a vi...
"Well-proportioned 1930s detached bungalow which has been extensively upgraded, improved, remodelled and provides a comfortably appointed home having the benefit of uPVC double glazing and gas fired central heating. Providing a well-maintained home offering flexibility of layout and usage that mig..."
"A well-presented five bedroom semi-detached home in the popular area of Hooe, close to good school and park. The property benefits; good sized driveway, garage, spacious rear garden, kitchen /diner , conservatory, two reception rooms, shower room and family bathroom.A MUST VIEW!"
"***ARRANGED AS TWO FANTASTIC SELF CONTAINED FLATS (ONE 3 BED AND ONE 4 BED) WITH MODERN KITCHENS, SHOWER ROOMS AND LOCATED IN A DESIRABLE CENTRAL LOCATION WITHIN A SHORT WALK TO PLYMOUTH UNIVERSITY*** The property is currently let to Students producing approx £35,000 PA but has excellent..."
"BUNGALOW ON A LEVEL PLOT, IN NEED OF SOME UPDATING GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000 Bradleys are delighted to present this three bedroom detached bungalow, set on a spacious corner plot, situated in the superb location of Oreston Village."
"Pilkington Estates are delighted to present to the market this stunning opportunity to acquire your very own fully equipped houseboat. Stunningly renovated and restored to the highest of standards, the Catamaran is divided over three floors with all windows being Houdini double glazed sealed alum..."
"**GORGEOUS VIEWS OVER TAMERTON LAKE** This stunning detached property sits in the heart of Holly Park. It offers picturesque views across to the countryside, these are uninterrupted and must be seen to be appreciated. The property itself is presented immaculately throughout and a credi..."
"Situated in Stoke Village, which is in close proximity to local schools, college, park, Plymouth City Centre and the train station is this Semi Detached house offering three reception rooms, three double bedrooms, modern fitted kitchen and wet room. Outside there is a garage and rear garden."
"*** IMPRESSIVE FAMILY HOME *** A lovely THREE BEDROOM, semi-detached home with a master ENSUITE, beautiful KITCHEN, MODERN shower room, SPACIOUS landings, SEPARATE LOUNGE and a beautiful REAR GARDEN with internal access to the GARAGE and DRIVEWAY! Call Fox & Sons today to arrange your viewing!!"
Substantial 1930`s five bedroom property - Double garage - Spacious open plan kitchen/diner/family space - Beautiful lounge - Cloakroom - Expansive cellar perfect as a teenagers den or games room with external access - Family bathroom and additional shower room - Family Room - Lovely level garden
"Beautiful ground floor apartment, with far reaching sea view, private gardens & off road parking. Complete with a plethora of period features, three double bedrooms, main en-suite & cellar storage."
"Standing proud and taking prime position in the walker’s paradise of Tamerton Foliot is Island Cottage. Famous amongst residents, this detached house offers a large living space, four bedrooms and a lovely enclosed rear garden in the heart of the village ticking all the boxes for the per..."
"BEAUTIFULL THREE STOREY PERIOD HOME ARRANGED AS TWO LARGE SELF CONTAINED FLATS RETAINING MANY CHARACTER FEATURES! This rare property must be viewed to be fully appreciated! The accommodation comprises, on the ground floor, two double Bedrooms, large Kitchen/Dining Room, cosy Lounge and n..."
*Private Estate *Build Complete *Fabulous Specification *Great Location For Commuting *Easy Access to A38 *4 Bedrooms *Garage & Parking *Downstairs WC *Bathroom & Ensuite To Master *Enclosed Garden *Generous Size Living/Dining Room  Halo Wifi Controlled Smart System to increa...
"This truly unique and substantial detached home offers particularly spacious accommodation over three floors and would make the perfect family home. Internally the ground floor accommodation offers a large lounge with wood burner, separate dining area, feature sized kitchen/breakfast room incorpo..."
"WATERSIDE TOWNHOUSE Set on a picturesque waterfront location, Bradleys are delighted to present this four bedroom mid terraced property in the sought after location of Turnchapel, garage and parking. This property is not one to miss out on!"
"This is an opportunity NOT TO BE MISSED as this home is all about location and views!  A quiet situation with views across to St. Marys Church and the countryside beyond, you can walk down into the village to visit the corner-shop or have a drink at either of the two pubs... If you d..."
"Well-presented FOUR bedroom DETACHED property, in a CUL-DE-SAC location, with accommodation comprising an OPEN PLAN lounge/diner, modern kitchen, CONSERVATORY, downstairs WC, SPACIOUS bedrooms with MASTER ENSUITE. FANTASTIC SIZED rear enclosed garden, GARAGE and DRIVEWAY."
*DETACHED BUNGALOW* SITUATED IN A GREAT LOCATION OPPOSITE LOCAL SHOPS AND ENJOYING FAR REACHING COUNTRYSIDE VIEWS FROM THE REAR
"*OFFERS IN THE REGION OF £365,000 - 375,000** EXTENDED 5 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE SITUATED ON A LARGE CORNER PLOT IN THIS EVER POPULAR AREA CLOSE TO AMENITIES AND SCHOOLS"
Situated in the popular modern development of Saltram Meadow is this beautifully presented five bedroom townhouse. Arranged over three floors the property offers flexible and versatile accommodation and has a lovely south facing rear garden that also provides access to the private parking and ...
"Stunning four-bedroom end terrace home in Sherford.  This property was completed in 2019 and the current vendor has altered the layout to create a stunning living space on the ground floor with bifold doors out to the garden.  The floor has been laid with large, beautiful floor tiles..."
"Guide Price £360,000- £370,000 A beautifully presented and spacious 4 bedroom family home in this popular area of Beacon Park situated close to popular schools, amenities and within easy reach of Central Park with numerous walks, a café and the Life centre. Last year the cur..."
SUBSTANTIAL FOUR/FIVE BEDROOM PROPERTY - ANNEX POTENTIAL - GARAGE - MODERN KITCHEN - EXPANSIVE LOUNGE/DINER - CINEMA ROOM - UTILITY/WORKSHOP - STUDY - EXTENSIVE REAR GARDEN - HIGHLY DESIRABLE CUL DE SAC WITHIN HARTLEY - WOULD SUIT MULT GENERATIONAL LIVING OR SOMEONE LOOKING TO WORK FROM HOME
"This immaculately presented detached home is positioned on the popular Manadon Park development and comprises: entrance hallway, downstairs cloakroom, good size lounge, modern kitchen/dining room, conservatory, three bedrooms, ensuite shower room and a family bathroom. Externally the property has..."
"Located within the heart of Lipson, Plymouth is this substantial 3 storey investment which is positioned within a prime location for working professional sharers and students. A grand establishment offering 1,800 sq. ft of living space with 7 letting rooms, 2 shower rooms, & a sizeable commun..."
"Positioned in a tucked away location, this beautifully presented detached family home is on a large plot with a 50’ west facing rear garden. The good size accommodation comprises: entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, impressive modern kitchen/dining room, large conservatory, three bedrooms and famil..."
*Private Estate *Energy efficient  *High Specification *Great Location & Easy Access to A38 *4 Bedrooms *Garage & Parking *Downstairs WC *Bathroom & Ensuite To Main Bedroom *Enclosed Garden *Generous Size Living/Dining Room  *Halo Wifi Controlled Smart System to furt...
"The 4 bedroom Chelbury offers spacious accommodation across its 3 storey layout, ideal home for growing families."
"*WATERSIDE OFFICE* . Discovery Wharf is arguably one of Plymouth's landmark developments and offers a unique setting in Sutton Harbour with stunning far reaching south facing water views across Sutton Harbour Marina, and towards The Hoe, The Barbican, Mount Batten, Jennyc..."
"Well proportioned four bedroom detached bungalow situated in the desirable location of Dunraven Drive, Derriford. The property offers spacious living accommodation comprising a generous lounge with sliding patio doors, dining room, kitchen, four bedrooms all with built in wardrobes and master with e"
"*Private Estate *Ready To Be Occupied *Fabulous Specification *Great Location For Commuting *Easy Access to A38 *4 Bedrooms *Garage & Parking *Downstairs WC *Bathroom & Ensuite To Master *Enclosed Garden *Generous Size Living/Dining Room
"
"The Wolvesey is a four-bedroom home has a practical ground floor including a kitchen/breakfast room, WC, storage cupboard and dining/family room. The second floor consists of a bedroom, bathroom and living room. The top floor has three bedrooms, a bathroom and storage cupboard."
" Central Plymstock*  Close To Many Shops & Amenities*  Great Local Bus Service*   3 Bedrooms*  Conservatory*  Modern Kitchen*  Bathroom & Ensuite*  Fantastic Far Reaching Views*  Garage & Drive*    
"
"A fantastic three bedroom detached bungalow situated in an elevated position on a generous size plot. This property has had on owner for over 50 years and is in need of renovation.
"
"SUBSTANTIAL HMO PROPERTY LOCATED IN A DESIRABLE CENTRAL LOCATION. BEING SOLD AS A GOING CONCERN WITH GROSS ANNUAL INCOME OF £38,000 MAKING THIS A MUST SEE OPPORTUNITY! The accommodation comprises eight double letting rooms, fitted kitchen with additional, useful utility area, communal lo..."
"Pilkington Estates are pleased to present to the market this stunning semi detached home situated on a generous plot in a sought after locale. This beautifully presented property boasts ample space in the form of a generous open plan living room and dining area, modern fitted kitchen and a downst..."
Waterside Office* Video Tour Available*  Well-presented Two Bedroom Apartment*    Generous Size Reception Room*   Modern Kitchen*    Desirable Location*  A Must View Property*   Storage Cupboard*   Close To Amenities & R...
"Offers Over £350,000 This spacious three bedroomed bungalow is set in a elevated position in the much sought after area of Plymstock on the outskirts of Plymouth. There area both Primary and Secondary schools nearby together with the Broadway Shopping Centre. There is also a supe..."
A SPACIOUS LINKED DETACHED DORMER BUNGALOW Welcoming to the market for the first time in 60+ years is this linked detached three bedroom dormer bungalow. Located in the heart of Plymstock. This home offers a spacious accommodation in need of modernisation but has an abundance of storage...
"This deceptively spacious detached family home offers good size accommodation comprising: entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room, kitchen, four double bedrooms, en-suite shower room and a family bathroom. Externally the property has a resin bound driveway with parking for several cars to t..."
"An absolutely gorgeous four bedroom period family home located on Mannamead road, Hartley. This large family home boasts two bathrooms, two reception rooms, conservatory and a great size rear garden. A viewing comes highly advised."
"Pilkington Estates are delighted to present to the market this substantial family home situated within a generous corner plot. As you enter the home you are greeted with a sizeable lounge which is bright, airy and inviting due to the natural light filtering in from the double glazed windows to th..."
"Two bedroom town house on the waters edge with off road parking, large garage & exquisite views from the west facing balcony. Complete with no onward chain. Viewing highly advised."
"Waterside Office* Video Tour Available*  2 Bedroom Waterside Apartment* No Onward Chain* Breath Taking Views* Large Balcony* Living Room With Splendid Views*  Kitchen* Close To Amenities* Bathroom* Gated Community* A Must View Property*
"
"Guide Price £350,000-£375,000 This spacious three bedroomed family home is situated in the very popular area of Plymstock on the outskirts of Plymouth. It is just a short walk away from the Broadway Shopping Centre whilst being tucked away down a quiet road. There is a Libr..."
"A well presented, three bedroom detached family home located in the sought after location of Woolwell, Plymouth. With a large kitchen/diner, lounge, conservatory, downstairs WC, three bedrooms, en-suite, family bathroom, driveway and garage! This property would make a perfect family home in a p..."
"Extremely well-presented detached bungalow which has undergone major upgrading, improvement and refurbishment. Effectively as new accommodation set in an older upgraded shell. Quality new uPVC double glazing and gas central heating. A light and airy home with modern fitted integrated kitchen, ..."
"This beautifully presented versatile home has been decorated to a magnificently cheerful standard allowing natural light to pour throughout both levels. It has a unique layout which will perfectly suit many buyers with four bedrooms on the lower level, or five if you take into account the current..."
"Very well-presented detached house situated in a cul-de-sac located in Eggbuckland close to schools & local amenities. Formerly a 4 bedroom detached home it is now a 3 bedroom home with bedroom one having a walk-in dressing. The remaining accommodation comprises an entrance hallway, downstairs cl..."
"A four bedroom detached property in a cul-de-sac location, close to local beaches and good schools, within commuting distance to Plymouth city centre. Benefiting downstairs WC, open plan lounge / diner, enclosed south facing rear garden, garage and driveway with parking for two/ three cars."
"** Offers in Excess of £350,000 ** Located within the ever-popular Manadon Park development this deceptively spacious home offers accommodation arranged over three floors. Internally the accommodation boasts five bedrooms (four doubles), lounge, kitchen/dining room, family bathroom, en-s..."
"Well-presented Semi Detached house situated in this popular residential area and comprising FOUR BEDROOMS - ALL WITH FITTED WARDROBES, MODERN KITCHEN/DINER, LOUNGE, SHOWER ROOM, UTILITY ROOM, FAMILY BATHROOM AND GARDENS FRONT AND REAR AND BOASTING WOODLAND VIEWS!"
"Presented in a show home condition is this 1930's semi-detached property, complete with driveway parking, an integral garage and a generous rear garden. Accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance hall through to the modern kitchen diner with integral appliances with access to the lounge, util..."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 A well proportioned 4 bedroom family home having gas central heating, privately owned 'Photovoltaic' solar panels & uPVC double glazing. Porch/hall, lounge, modern integrated kitchen/dining room, utility room & cloakroom/wc. At 1st floor a spacious master bedro..."
"A deceptively spacious three bedroom detached house situated in this sought after residential location. Conveniently located for the local amenities at Chaddlewood as well as having easy access to the A38 the property is an ideal family home. Accommodation comprises: entrance hall, cloakroom WC,"
"*FOR SALE VIA ONLINE AUCTION* terms and conditions apply* We are pleased to offer to auction this substantial and well presented freehold property located on the doorstep of Hoe Park. Currently arrange as two, two bedroom maisonette style apartments, the property has most recently been used as..."
"An expansive four bedroom terraced period property located in St Judes with period features, spacious rooms and private off road parking"
"A three bedroom detached house situated in a cul de sac BACKING ONTO WOODLAND. Garage and driveway, SOUTH-WESTERLY facing garden, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, ensuite shower room, PVCu double glazing, gas central heating. NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"Located in the desirable Peverell area of Plymouth is this well presented and spacious 5 bedroom family home only a short distance from the popular Hyde Park School and shops, while also being conveniently located near to Central Park with its numerous walking routes, coffee shops, tennis courts ..."
"Superb Penthouse apartment with large south facing roof terrace, garage, exquisite panoramic views over Sutton Harbour & three double bedrooms. Complete with main en-suite, large open plan living space and a complementary bathroom. No onward chain."
"A beautifully presented three bedroom detached bungalow located in a highly sought after location. With three double bedrooms, a kitchen/breakfast room, lounge, dining room, front and rear gardens and a double garage. This bungalow is a must view."
"Situated in the popular residential area of Eggbuckland close to local amenities, great schooling and the open green spaces of Frogmore Park is this detached individually designed bungalow on a good-sized plot. The bungalow has been under the same ownership since being built in circa 1966 and ..."
"This gorgeous three bedroom detached home located in the North of Plymouth has been kept in good condition and is undoubtedly what many would describe as the picture-perfect family home, however has scope to make the home your own. The ground floor comprises two reception rooms, with the dining ..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this three bedroom character cottage, in the heart of the popular village of TURNCHAPEL. Dating back to the 1800s this cottage offers amazing water views with balcony to the rear as well as a courtyard space to enjoy the surroundings."
"The apartment has been fitted to the highest specification throughout. The kitchen offers AEG appliances: oven and grill , microwave combo oven. Induction hob with integrated extraction. 1810 Black composite sink and 1810 black and copper tap. The kitchen is also fitted with 600mm dishwasher, ..."
"FANTASTIC ARCHITURELY DESIGNED DETACHED RESIDENCE WITH REMAINING NHBC AND OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO ONGOING CHAIN! This newly built FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED is designed and developed to the highest standard of specification, Comprising a open plan living area spanning the whole length of the pro..."
"Situated at the end of a popular cul-de-sac in the Woodford area of Plympton we are pleased to offer this nicely presented and versatile 4 bedroom semi detached house. Accommodation comprising lounge, Dining/family room, kitchen, utility/office, four bedrooms and a bathroom on each floor. Benefi..."
"SPACIOUS AND MODERN DETACHED 3 BEDROOM BUNGALOW Superbly presented detached bungalow accessed from HOWARD ROAD, on a secluded plot of 0.11 acres, arranged over two levels with far reaching views over Billacombe Fields. There is ample parking both front and back, a large sun deck, and a ..."
"A FOUR BEDROOM end-terraced house benefiting from, spacious lounge, open plan kitchen / diner with snug, four bedrooms, modern bathroom and ENSUITE and low maintenance rear garden with decked area & SUMMER HOUSE. A must view for someone looking for a well presented property with ample living space."
"ENORMOUS EIGHT BED, DOUBLE FRONTED HOUSE! Fox and Son's are delighted to present this spacious, characterful mid terrace period property, perfect for large families or investors looking for a project, arranged over THREE FLOORS, with FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS and in central location, call to view TODAY!"
"DC Lane are delighted to present to the market this dormer detached bungalow on a sizeable plot situated in the popular residential area of Crownhill and within walking distance to the local parade of shops, excellent schools and within easy access to the A38 and major routes. This impre..."
"Larger than average semi-detached four bedroom, two bathroom property located within Mannamead. Offering three reception rooms, period features throughout and a sunny courtyard with storage. We anticipate high demand for this property so please do not hesitate to call to arrange a vi..."
"The Wolvesey is a four-bedroom home with a practical ground floor layout that includes a kitchen/breakfast room, WC, storage cupboard and a dining/family room. The second floor consists of an en suite bedroom and a living room. The top floor has three bedrooms, a bathroom and a storage cupboard."
"This property's price is reduced for over 60s as a lifetime lease purchase under our Home for Life Plan. Discounts range from 8.5% to 59% depending on age, personal circumstances and property criteria. The price shown is based on our average discount."
"Waterside Office* Video Tour Available*  An impressive and spacious penthouse apartment in the heart of the city with secure parking, balcony and far-reaching panoramic views. 'Sutton View' is a central, convenient and contemporary apartment with easy access to the ..."
"This well-presented home is positioned within a popular residential location in Crownhill. Internally the property comprises lounge and separate dining area, kitchen, three double bedrooms and bathroom. Externally the property occupies a corner plot with large front garden and secluded side and r..."
"This fantastic two bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next exciting phase, bringing together contemporary living and all the benefits of being located in the award winning Mount Wise. With a commanding position adjacent to the cricket pitch, the new homes will offer high quality..."
"*** FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME IN PLYMPTON *** A LINK-DETACHED family home with a GARAGE and DRIVEWAY, front and rear GARDENS, FOUR BEDROOMS and situated within close proximity to LOCAL SCHOOLS and CLOSE ACCESS to the A38. Call Fox & Sons today to arrange your viewing!!"
"Located in a popular area is this three bedroom detached house close to local schools and amenities. The property benefits utility room, spacious lounge, dining room, downstairs WC, three bedrooms, family bathroom, enclosed rear garden, garage and driveway."
"SPACIOUS & MODERN 4 BEDROOM FAMILY HOME This beautifully presented four bedroom semi-detached property set in a sought after area of Plymstock, it is the epitome of the spacious family home. It offers modern and intelligently configured accommodation as well as three toilets which i..."
"This detached bungalow is situated on a level site at the end of a cul de sac in a popular road in Plympton. The property is well presented throughout and offers a recently refitted kitchen, a good size lounge/diner, two double bedrooms, and the master with an ensuite and a shower room.&n..."
"GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000 A well-proportioned semi-detached house, upgraded and improved with a new bathroom, replacement windows and new boiler. On the ground floor with hall, lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen and off this a generous size side porch. At first floor level a landing, acc..."
Immaculate & sizeable three bedroom semi detached - Highly desirable address within Manadon - Extensive & evel rear garden - Views - Utility & cloakroom - Spacious lounge & dining room - Office/sauna room - Driveway - Stunning bathroom - Balcony - Easy access to Manadon school & commuter routes
"Lang Town and Country are delighted to present to the market this beautifully presented 3rd Floor apartment in the ideally located “Leeward House”. From the Leeward House main entrance, with secure access only, you gain entrance to the communal areas with access to all floors from ..."
"Superb opportunity to acquire this large mid-terraced period building, arranged as a ground floor flat & a first floor maisonette. South-facing rear courtyard & garage. Double-glazing & central heating. Vacant possession with no onward chain."
"A charming 3 bedroom semi detached cottage located within this delightful hamlet not far from Ivybridge. The house offers an entrance porch, living room, dining room, kitchen, lobby and bathroom on the ground floor, together with the 3 bedrooms and WC on the upper floor. Externally there is off r..."
"**LARGE PERIOD PROPERTY IN PEVERELL** This large family home boasts many original features but more recently a stunning loft conversion. Providing ample accommodation and a good size rear courtyard this property is not to be missed. Early viewings are recommended, call Bradleys on 01752..."
"WATERSIDE OFFICE -  *GUIDE PRICE £330,000 - £340,000* The Quarterdeck is a waterside development located within an attractive gated community in the Stonehouse Peninsula, within easy reach of the Cremyll Ferry crossing to Mount Edgcumbe Park, Royal William Yar..."
"A WELL PRESENTED 8 BEDROOM (7 Double + 1 Single) HMO MULTI-LET HOUSE with a CURRENT FULLY LET INCOME of £36,240 with a BATHROOM, 2 SHOWER ROOMS, 1 WC, COURTYARD and GARAGE in the POPULAR AREA of ST JUDES, PLYMOUTH.
"
"This well-presented Detached Bungalow comprises spacious Lounge/Diner, modern fitted kitchen, three double bedrooms, bathroom and cellar area. With the added bonus of having a driveway and garage, there are also front & rear gardens with views over the surrounding area from the rear! Viewing advise"
Spend time in viewing this beautifully-appointed period property with sizeable accommodation laid out over 4 levels. The accommodation provides flexible use. It is currently laid out as 3 bedrooms with a master suite on the top level including an ensuite bathroom. There is a further family bathro...
• Stunning Water Views • Close Proximity To Royal William Yard • Strong Transport Links • Off-Road Parking • 2 Double Bedrooms • No Onward Chain
"HALFORD AND HOMES If you are looking for that perfect Peverell property then look no further. We are happy to present to the market this extended three, bedroom period mid terrace home located in one of Peverell’s popular park roads. 
"
"Wonderful three bedroom semi-detached family home located in the heart of Beacon Park. With a large lounge, drawing room, a separate dining room, kitchen, downstairs shower room, sun room, three great sized bedrooms and a further family bathroom. Situated in a sought after location, this family..."
"This modern 3-bedroom semi-detached dormer bungalow in Plympton is an ideal family home or for someone looking to downsize. Plympton is equipped with a superb town centre with a selection of shops, cafes and restaurants, while it also has superb transport links onto the A38 and access into Plymou..."
"To fully appreciate the UNIQUE DESIGN of this family home, contact us to arrange a one to one appointment with our representative Joshua."
This 3 bed Dorner bungalow has a stunning master suite in the loft space with an en-suite and two dressing rooms. 2 further double bedrooms and a lovely open plan living kitchen/dining room. There is a driveway and garage and a low maintenance garden
Waterside Office* Video Tour Available* No Onward Chain* Refurbishment Opportunity* Within an Iconic Grade II Listed Building* Delightful Views Across The Hoe Promenade And Plymouth Sound* Lift Access To All Floors* Balcony Accessed Via Front Bedroom & Lounge*...
"This lovely detached home is positioned within Eggbuckland and sits on a good sized corner plot. Internally the well-presented accommodation offers: entrance hall, a good sized lounge, kitchen, dining area, three bedrooms and a four piece bathroom suite. Further benefits include double glazing, c..."
"Lang Town and Country are delighted to offer this deceptively spacious, four-bedroom, semi-detached house. The property is situated in the ever-popular, residential area of Beacon Park, close to all local amenities such as, local shops, schools, and Central Park.
"
"*** LARGE CORNER PLOT *** A fantastic TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM, SEMI-DETACHED bungalow with a GARAGE and DRIVEWAY, a BEAUTIFUL KITCHEN, , spacious LOFT SPACE, front and rear GARDENS situated within a lovely CORNER PLOT. Call Fox & Sons today to arrange your viewing!!"
"Beautifully-converted barn within a highly sought-after development, close to Elburton village. The accommodation features a beautifully-appointed lounge/dining room with vaulted ceiling, kitchen/breakfast room & first floor cloakroom/wc. The ground floor hosts 3 bedrooms, family bathroom & ensui..."
"Wainwright Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN this new individually designed detached house occupying an elevated postion offering views of the local area and extending towards Cornwall. The accommodation comprises open plan livng area with newly fitted kitchen, ..."
"GUIDE PRICE - £325,000 to £350,000 Situated in the popular development of Quadrant Wharf, this fantastic four bedroom townhouse must be viewed. The development itself sits on an enviable waterside location, the quay is complete with benches and loungers, perfect ..."
"A WELL PRESENTED 7 DOUBLE BEDROOM HMO, producing £2695 PCM of income with a GOOD SIZE COMMUNAL LOUNGE, 3 SHOWER ROOMS and a COURTYARD situated VERY CLOSE to the UNIVERSITY and the CITY CENTRE of PLYMOUTH. 
"
Stunning and spacious one bedroom apartment - Generous proportions throughout - Beautifully presented offering a home you could slot right into - Lovely grand building which is well maintained - Lift & stair access to top floor - South facing communal rear garden - Allocated parking space
"A very exciting development opportunity to purchase a semi-detached older-style property with planning permission for the erection of 2 new build properties adjacent. Planning number 22/01353/FUL. The cottage comprises a sitting room, kitchen diner, utility area, 2 bedrooms, bathroom & an attic s..."
"**** PRESENTED LIKE A HOME DECOR MAGAZINE, THIS BEAUTIFUL PERIOD HOME IS AS UNUSUAL AS IT IS VERSATILE! *** Accommodation currently comprises entrance porch, large hall, lounge/diner, dining room/family room, large breakfast kitchen, first floor landing with snug area, three double bedrooms and f..."
"Guide Price £325,000 - £350,000 A semi-detached house built circa 1970 with substantial double storey extension. A most spacious well appointed home offering flexibility of layout & usage. having the benefit of gas fired central heating & double glazing & privately owned solar panels generating i..."
"This gorgeous three bedroom detached property is positioned in one of Plymstock’s most desirable locations close to local shops, bus routes and schools. The home was previously rented and is now ready for a new owner to put their own stamp on the property being a blank canvas and be sold wi..."
"GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000 A well presented family home in Peverell offering a lovely sized front and south facing rear garden plus a garage. The house is perfectly located close to local amenities, the A38 and links to the north of the city. The house would be ideal for a fa..."
THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW Bradleys are delighted to present this three bedroom detached bungalow situated in the sought after area of Hooe. Conveniently located for access to the local amenities. This home offers a garage and off street parking. Call Bradleys Plymstock on 01752 4...
"A beautifully maintained property in a sought after location would create the perfect family home - with a large DRIVEWAY, CLOAKROOM and UTILITY ROOM, this property benefitting from a NEW ROOF could be yours! Call today to arrange a viewing!!"
"Beautifully Presented Throughout* Off Road Parking*  Many Character Features*  Modern Fitted Kitchen*  Lounge & Dining Room*  Courtyard Garden*  Generous Sized 4 Piece Bathroom*   
"
"DC Lane are proud to introduce to the market this impressive semi detached house located within the popular residential area of Manadon within easy access to excellent schools, the City Centre, A38 and major routes. Offering ideal family living and entertaining space, this superb propert..."
"SIZEABLE FAMILY HOME IN MANNAMEAD!! We are delighted to bring to the market this substantial period property which offers flexible accomodation making it an all round great home for larger or multi generational families. The house offers five bedrooms, a study and a games room as well a..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £325,000 TO £350,000 *** The current owners of this exquisite home have injected a palette of vibrant colours and used varying textures throughout to make an incredible example of just what can be done to make a period property a light and fun family home whi..."
"A well presented three bedroom semi-detached house located in a lovely quiet cul-de-sac in Turnchapel. The property benefits from a conservatory, enclosed rear garden, garage and driveway."
"Located in a tucked away position on a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC in the desirable area of Elburton is this three bedroom DETACHED house. Benefiting a good sized driveway with parking for multiple vehicles, GARAGE, conservatory and front and rear gardens."
"A 3 bedroom detached bungalow, located in an ideal location within Hooe. The property has under taken a series of modernisations which are a credit to the current owners, with modern kitchen & bathroom, bi-fold doors in the lounge leading out to a enclosed private rear garden."
"PENTHOUSE PARADISE! Fox & Sons are extremely pleased to present this luxurious two bedroom penthouse apartment, located in the highly exclusive waterside location of 'Berkeley Square'. With private parking, an incredible open plan living room, a private balcony we strongly recommend a viewing today."
"Beautifully presented, former show home, with large, private roof terrace, garage, off road parking, located moments away from Plymouth Hoe waterfront. Complete with three bedrooms, ample storage space, en-suite shower room & complementary bathroom."
"We are excited to welcome to the market this gorgeous two bedroom semi-detached cottage which offers an abundance of character and appeal. This attractive property is tucked away in the sought-after location of Colebrook, Plympton and is just a stone’s throw away from the local amenities. T..."
"IMMACULATE two DOUBLE BEDROOM semi-detached CHARACTER COTTAGE in a sought after area of Colebrook. Comprising: MODERN Kitchen/Diner with stone wall feature, Evocare flooring, CONTEMPORARY family bathroom and EN-SUITE. FANTASTIC sized rear garden. QUAINT, STYLISH with PERIOD FEATURES."
"Lang Town & Country are pleased to present this lovely three bedroom link detached family home, situated in a quiet residential location in Chaddlewood.
"
"A well presented four bedroom semi-detached house located in Plympton. Arranged over three floors, this property would make a wonderful family home. With open plan living space, four bedrooms, two bathrooms, a converted garage and off road parking."
"Guide Price £325,000 - £335,000 A spacious 3 double bedroom family home in Derriford, perfectly located close to Derriford Hospital, while also having easy access to both Marjons University and The Devonshire Health and Racket Club. The property is perfect for families offering ve..."
"PARKSIDE PROPERTY IN PEVERELL! Fox & Son's are delight to offer this beautifully presented, characterful three bedroom mid terrace house in Barn Park Road. With a fantastic modern kitchen, two reception rooms and views towards Central Park its the perfect family home. Call to view today"
"3 Bedroom Semi Detached House* Good Size Enclosed Garden* Bay Fronted Windows* Garage* Close to Amenities & Bus Routes* Popular Residential Location* Outside W/C and Workshop* Ample Driveway Parking* Gas CH & DG* Lovely Far Reaching Views*
"
"Home Ready Now! 12 months mortgage offer available!*
The Hazel is an attractive home with looks to impress. The house has impressive features, such as separate hall and sitting room and a superb naturally lit kitchen/dining with French doors. With enough space for three bedrooms and a..."
"The Elliot is a stylish and well-appointed 3 bedroom home. Featuring a good-sized living/dining room, with French doors leading out to the garden. There is a generously-sized kitchen and also a downstairs cloakroom for convenience. On the first floor an ensuite bathroom serves Bedroom ..."
"IMMACULATE THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW - FAR REACHING VIEWS OUT TOWARDS THE MOORS - GAMESSTORE AREA - GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY - PRIVATE AND LOW MAINTENANCE SOUTH FACING GARDEN - GREAT LOCATION FOR ACCESS TO SALTRAM, BUS AND COMMUTER ROUTES AND SHOPS - MODERN KITCHEN & SHOWER ROOM"
"Tucked away in a cul-de-sac location of Turnchapel, is this fantastic semi-detached property, complete with driveway parking for 2 vehicles, an integral garage with the potential to convert into a bedroom ensuite room, and a fully enclosed rear garden. Accommodation briefly comprises of an entran..."
"This stunning Hartley Vale home has a brand new interior throughout following a spectacular complete renovation. With BRAND NEW flooring, WC, utility room, kitchen, bathroom and decor, this property feels like walking into a show-home. This delightful home has been redesigned to the most elevated..."
"CALLING ALL INVESTORS - This HMO period Mid Terrace house has accommodation comprising Six Bedrooms, Kitchen/Diner, and Two Shower Rooms. Each bedroom benefits from having fitted wardrobes and the rooms to the front have the added bonus of having views out towards Central Park."
"*** GREAT INVESTMENT *** Located just off Mutley Pain is this substantial mid terraced property arranged into three flats. One bedroom ground floor flat, two bedroom first floor flat and a top floor two bedroom maisonette. Two off road parking spaces"
"***GUIDE £320,000 TO £330,000*** Substantial, three storey HMO situated in a desirable location within a short walk to Plymouth University and City Centre. The property is fully let for 23/24 producing gross income of £38,500 (potential to increase to £44,000). The property is i..."
"Home Ready Now! 12 months mortgage offer available!*The Hazel is an attractive home with looks to impress. The house has impressive features, such as separate hall and sitting room and a superb naturally lit kitchen/dining with French doors. With enough space for three bedrooms and add..."
"Superbly-presented extended semi-detached family home with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance porch & hallway, lounge, full-width open-plan kitchen/dining room plus breakfast bar & to the rear an extended sun lounge/play room plus utility/downstairs wc, both with feature vaulted ceiling..."
A SPACIOUS 3 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH PANORAMIC VIEWS ACROSS THE CITY This spacious three-bedroom semi-detached house situated in Dunstone View benefits from the most incredible views as far as the eyes can see. The accommodation comprises of a fantastic living space whilst offe...
"Nestled in a cul-de-sac location is this split-level bungalow, complete with driveway parking, a garage and a private, tiered rear garden. Accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance hall with doors off to all rooms, including the lounge diner with patio doors to the garden, a modern fitted k..."
"Centrally located Victorian double fronted Seven Bed Licenced HMO with tenants in situ. Briefly comprising of six rooms, two shower rooms, two toilets and one self-contained studio. Communal kitchen and back yard with laundry shed. Rental figures available on request. Viewing highly recommended."
"IMMACULATELY PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE SITUATED IN PLYMSTOCK This red bricked detached property oozes elegance and quality. Everything is finished to such a high standard, it is a house that is ready for you to move straight into. With the added bonus of a multifunction out..."
"Perfectly Peaceful in Pymstock. Situated in a quiet Cul-De-Sac location in Plymstock is this impressive, detached home. The property benefits from its position on the edge of Radford Woods which gives the property a private and tranquil feel and also offers access to a range of local walks.&nb..."
"DC Lane are proud to introduce to the market this splendid detached bungalow, located in the much sought after residential location of Beacon Park, close to local schools and amenities and within easy access to the City Centre, Central Park, A38 and major routes. This impressive property..."
"The Hartland is a beautiful 3-bedroom, semi-detached town house, available from March. The property is a brand-new home, featuring an upgraded high gloss kitchen. Nestled in a woodland setting with a large, enclosed garden and integrated garage, this home is not to be missed"
"Stunning three bedroom link detached bungalow in Lippell Drive benefiting from, driveway parking, garage, balcony with panoramic views,generous lounge/dining room, modern kitchen, modern bathroom, well maintained rear garden, double glazing, gas central heating and no onward chain"
"Well presented and spacious five bedroom terraced period family home situated in the popular central location of St Levans Road, Milehouse. The property benefits from spacious living accommodation arranged over three floors comprising, lounge, dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, downstairs w.c, fiv"
"The Byford is a spacious and stylish 3 bedroom home, ideal for couples or families."
"GUIDE PRICE £150,000 - £155,000 A superb opportunity to purchase a spacious one bedroom first floor flat in the desirable Peverell area of Plymouth, offering an open outlook to the front towards Central Park and to the rear a useful garage. The flat benefits from its own priva..."
"Being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN and situated in a highly sought after central location is this FOUR BEDROOM, THREE STOREY SEMI DETACHED HOUSE! A fantastic family home or a great investment with the rental potential of £1100 PCM."
"A generously proportioned semi-detached house built c.1925 providing good size family accommodation. Having the benefit of gas central heating and uPVC double glazing. Number of original features including leaded stained glass windows. A spacious lounge, kitchen/breakfast room, dining room (cu..."
"Located in the desirable area of Elburton is this three bedroom semi-detached house which has an amazing outside space, with a rear garden mostly laid to lawn with a spacious decking area, ideal for entertaining. In close proximity to good local schools and village amenities."
This beautifully presented detached family home has undergone extensive renovations and is situated in the highly sought after PL7 area. Benefitting from a wealth of living space in the form of a generous living room which flows elegantly into the pristine kitchen. This luxurious home continues t...
"EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED IN PLYMSTOCK. Large Driveway & Garage, Huge Open Plan Kitchen-Diner, Separate Lounge, Three Bedrooms & Bathroom. Side & Rear Gardens & Lots Of Potential with Gas Central Heating & Double Glazing. This period property has been home to the sam..."
"Teesra House is the next exciting phase, bringing together contemporary living and all the benefits of being located in the award winning Mount Wise...."
EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED - SPACIOUS PROPERTY - FRONT AND REAR GARDENS - OFF ROAD PARKING AND GARAGE - OPEN PLAN LOUNGE/DINER - GOOD SIZE KITCHEN - CONSERVATORY - MODERN FAMILY BATHROOM - BORINGDON PRIMARY & HELE SCHOOL CATCHMENT - WITHIN EASY REACH OF LOCAL AMENITIES & COMMUTER LINKS
"1930'S THREE-BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME OFFERING PLENTY OF NATURAL LIGHT THROUGHOUT This 1930's three-bedroom semi-detached family home not only offers plenty of natural light throughout but is also well located for local amenities, as well as being in the catchment area for Widey..."
"Fabulous Southerly Facing 2 Bedroom Apartment*  Exclusive Locale*  Allocated Parking*  Phone Entry System*  Modern Kitchen/Diner With Integrated Appliances*  Bathroom & Ensuite*  Sitting Room*  Communal Gardens*  Close To Many Amenties* 
"
"***GUIDE PRICE: £300,000-£325,000***A VERY WELL PRESENTED & GRAND, 2 DOUBLE BEDROOM SELF CONTAINED GROUNDFLOOR APARTMENT with KITCHEN / BREAKFAST ROOM, LOUNGE / DINING ROOM, PRIVATE FRONT & REAR ENTRANCES, COURTYARD, PRIVATE CAR PARK for MULTIPLE CARS that leads to FREEDOM FIE..."
"GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000 Perfectly positioned nearby Central Park in the popular Peverell area of Plymouth is this spacious extended 4-bedroom family home with a garage and basement storage. A gate leads into the front garden where a path leads up to the double front do..."
"Positioned within the heart of PL1, just a stone’s throw away from the city Centre and close amenities is this four story period property, perfect for development. The home has been in the family since the 80s as a much-loved family home for many years however the property has endless possi..."
"GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000 A unique detached property situated in close proximity to the Broadway shopping centre, with ample off road parking and a spacious conservatory. This property is one to view to appreciate all it has to offer."
"A well-presented SEMI-DETACHED family home in a popular residential area. The accommodation comprises, entrance hallway, DOWNSTAIRS WC, lounge, kitchen/diner, three bedrooms and a MODERN family bathroom. GENEROUS SIZED enclosed REAR GARDEN, driveway for 2/3 cars & GARAGE. Near AWARD WINNING SCHOOLS"
"NEWLY RENOVATED IN PEVERELL! Fox and Sons are delighted to present this beautiful newly refurbished and ultra modern three bedroom mid terrace home. Perfect for large families with a fantastic bespoke kitchen and bathroom, a low maintenance rear garden and an exceptional finish throughout. Call now"
"A two double bedroom detached bungalow situated within Derriford.
This property is located within a sought after area, being within a short walk of local shops and within easy access to further facilities. Upon inspection you will find an entrance porch, reception hall, dual aspect lounge, openi..."
"This secluded plot in Hartley has planning permission approved for two Luxurious detached dwellings. The plots are being offered to market either individually for perhaps a self build or alternatively as whole to a developer. The plans in place allow for two substancial four / five bedroom homes,..."
"FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE Positioned in the heart of Plymstock, is this generously sized four bedroom family home. This home is in need of a touch of modernisation, but offers off street parking, a garage and front and rear gardens. Call Bradleys Plymstock on to book..."
"*** SITUATED IN THIS HIGHLY DESIRABLE AREA AND EASY WALKING DISTANCE INTO CITY CENTRE AND TO LOCAL AMENITIES, THIS FOUR BEDROOMED FAMILY HOME WITH SOUTH-FACING REAR GARDEN IS IN BEAUTIFUL CONDITION. ***
Accommodation comprises porch, large hall, lounge with bay window, dining room, cloakroom and ..."
"Located in a quiet cul-de-sac in a sought after area of Plymstock is this two bedroom semi-detached bungalow. With two double bedrooms, level access, good sized driveway, low maintenance front garden and enclosed rear garden."
"**GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000**Fox and Sons are pleased to bring to market this three bedroom semi-detached home located in a sought after location. The home has an added extension allowing ample space for entertaining, garage and also multiple car driveway.Please call today."
An exceptional opportunity to purchase one of these 6 newly built townhouses situated in a quiet tucked-away position off the beaten track with a gated entrance. Please register your interest by calling our Plymouth office. The plot enjoys fabulous views sweeping from the Plym estuary to Plymouth...
"Set within the new and exciting development of Sherford we have this attractive red brick Georgian style end terrace town house for sale. The property has spacious accommodation arranged over three floors comprising, open plan living/kitchen/dining room, downstairs cloakroom, three bedrooms, master"
Large HMO property with full licence for six bedrooms! This great investment opportunity is ready for any investor to complete and start earning income straight away. The property has been rented out on the same contract on a consistent basis and is subject to the usual section 21 notice if requi...
"Welcoming to the market this three bedroom semi detached family home in Plympton that offers an abundance of space both inside and out. This home would perfectly suit those looking to get on the property ladder, or equally be suited to a growing family. On the ground floor, the property benefits ..."
"Being sold with vacant possession and no onward chain is this extended four bedroom semi detached family home. The property offers spacious throughout and has a generous size south facing rear garden, two single garages and fantastic far reaching views towards the Plym estuary.
"
"This detached three bedroom family home is in a great location of Cundy Close, Plympton. There are two double bedrooms and a single bedroom. Separate lounge and kitchen with a conservatory. Bathroom and down stairs toilet A driveway and garage with a front and enclosed rear garden."
"Located in one of Plymouths most affluent areas, we are excited to bring to the market this spacious top floor two-bedroom apartment with views like no other. This home in every way exceeds a buyer’s expectations with an abundance of free-flowing, bright and airy space. The layout has been ..."
"This fantastic FOUR bedroom SEMI-DETACHED family home is located in a quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC. Comprising: Entrance porch and hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, utility room, CONSERVATORY, downstairs WC, four bedrooms, family bathroom, front and rear gardens, GARAGE and driveway for 2 cars."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a 2 bedroom semi-detached bungalow in Plympton with no steps to the property, with parking for 4 cars and a corner plot garden this is a one off"
"Three bedroom town house located in the heart of Oreston, Plymouth. With open plan living space, three bedrooms, family bathroom, garage and driveway and stunning water views. In need of cosmetic updating, this property has a lot of potential throughout."
"**GUIDE PRICE £310,000-£320,000** Four bedroom semi detached home located close to both Heles & Plympton Academy Secondary Schools. This property has lots to offer the growing family and offers ease of access to local shops and bus links. An early viewing is highly recommended"
"This delightful three bedroomed semi-detached bungalow has ample off-road parking and is sat on a popular crescent to the North of Plymouth. The sitting room is sat to the rear of the property and is a lovely light room overlooking the gardens, with a lovely feature fireplace, perfect for th..."
"Guide price £300,000-£325,000. NO ONWARD CHAIN. A well-presented and spacious 4-bedroom detached family home in Woolwell, located on the north east fringes of Plymouth close to Dartmoor National Park and local amenities. The property offers spacious accommodation which on the grou..."
"This deceptively spacious home is located in a cul-de-sac within Mannamead, enjoys views from the front aspect and boasts a large garage and cellar area within the basement level. Internally the accommodation offers a spacious lounge/dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, study/office, four good si..."
"This modern executive three bedroom detached home, with gardens, raised decking and a great location will be perfect for up-sizers and down-sizers alike.   Quote ref DT0134.
"
"'The Millfields' comprises a historic former Royal Naval Hospital occupying secure landscaped walled grounds of approximately 26 acres, less than one mile west of the City Centre, not far from the fashionable Durnford Street and Royal William Yard with its collection of bars and restau..."
Available to the market for the first time on over 60 years is this spacious detached bungalow. Situated on a fantastic size plot with development potential for a separate dwelling (subject to planning). The property has extensive grounds to both the front and the rear and from its elevated po...
"Superb extended semi-detached family home situated in this highly popular position with views over the Green. The accommodation comprises an entrance porch & hall, lounge, large open-plan 'L-shaped' kitchen/dining room which in turn opens onto the rear garden. On the first floor there are 3 bedro..."
"NEWLY REFURBISHED HARTLEY HOME! A beautifully presented, ultra modern THREE BEDROOM mid terrace house in one of Plymouth's most sought after locations. Boasting OFF ROAD PARKING and NO ONWARD CHAIN this home would suit any buyer, call Fox and Sons today to view."
"A fully refurbished three bedroom terraced home in one of Plymouth's most sought after locations. Entrance hall, sitting room, kitchen/breakfast room, cloakroom, three bedroooms (master en suite), family bathroom, gardens, parking, GCH, PVCu D/G"
"Semi-detached bungalow requiring some modernisation in a very popular location not far from The Broadway with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen/breakfast room, conservatory, 2 bedrooms & bathroom. Large attic room with walk-in storage room. Front & rear gardens..."
The 3 bedroom Benford has a spacious and versatile layout which would suit couples and families alike.
"Richmond Walk is an exclusive waterside development of luxury waterside apartments overlooking Stonehouse Creek and Mayflower Marina. Completed in 2009, these exceptionally well-appointed apartments feature a high specification throughout.
"
"Take a look at my video tour of this stunning home!  There aren’t many like this in St Judes in Plymouth where the owners have created a stunning family home but with the added benefit of an excellent energy rating for this type of property, rating C.  The owners have replaced ..."
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH GARAGE Bradleys are delighted to the market this beautiful and immaculately presented three bedroom family home with master en-suite, also offering a garage, garden, downstairs WC and parking. Don't miss out, call our Plymstock office on ..."
"This delightful second floor corner apartment offers an open plan living room/kitchen diner with character stone walls and beams, two generously sized bedrooms and a three-piece bathroom. Externally, the property boasts a balcony which benefits from the stunning sea views. This property presents ..."
"A 4 bed HMO property with en-suite facilities and 1 bedroom self-contained studio flat, enjoying a central location, close to Plymouth University and the City Centre. Currently FULLY LET to working professionals, producing a gross income of £31,020 per annum. EPC - C"
"GUIDE PRICE £290,000 - £300,000 Located within Peverell is this well presented 3-bedroom family home situated nearby Central Park and within easy reach of Hyde Park School and Shops. A gate opens into the front garden with a path leading to the front door, which in turn opens ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £290,000 - £300,000 Located within 'The Old School House' in the highly sought after Mannamead area of Plymouth is this ground floor 2-bedroom apartment in this gorgeous Victorian Villa originally built circa 1840. The flat benefits from its own private garden and the ..."
Nestled in the prestigious area of Chaddlewood is this idyllic three-bedroom family home. The immaculate finish is very much evident from the moment you step foot inside. The ground floor boasts a freshly decorated living room which effortlessly flows into the newly fitted kitchen diner. As a res...
"This wonderful terraced house offers two reception rooms, a fitted kitchen, four sizeable bedrooms, a three-piece bathroom and an en-suite shower room. The home boasts a spacious rear garden and parking is available in the surrounding area. This property presents a fantastic opportunity for prope..."
"Four Bedroom Semi Detached House. Offered with no onward chain, this recently refurbished four-bedroom family home located in a desirable residential location, offers open plan living area with a separate modern fitted kitchen. Arranged over three floors the main bedroom is located on t..."
"A sought after two-bedroom GROUND FLOOR apartment within this magnificent Victorian Villa, enviable use of its OWN COURTYARD GARDEN, in addition to the beautifully maintained southerly communal gardens, secure gated community within this exclusive location, HIGH QUALITY finish throughout. Master ..."
"Guide Price £290,000 - £300,000. Aspire Estate Agents are proud to present this gorgeous three-bedroom, semi-detached home with large garden and parking. Accommodation comprises porch - hallway - living room - kitchen/diner - stair - landing - bedroom one - bedroom two - bedroom th..."
"GUIDE PRICE £290,000 to £300,000 Miller Countrywide are delighted to present this stunning two double bedroom family home. This double fronted property sat on a larger than average corner plot really isn’t one to miss out on. Internally the property offers ..."
"Waterside Office - Set in the heart of Sutton Harbour, offering level access to the historic Barbican and Hoe, is this impressive and modern apartment. The property has gas central heating, double glazing and an entry phone system. The accommodation comprises 2 bedrooms (master en-suite),..."
"Semi-detached bungalow in the Woodford area of Plympton, being sold with no onward chain. The accommodation briefly comprises, lounge, kitchen & conservatory together with 2 bedrooms & a shower room. Double-glazing & gas central heating. Enclosed rear garden. Garage."
EXECUTIVE DETACHED RESIDENCE - TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS - LOVELY CUL DE SAC LOCATION - OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/ DINER - GARAGE DRIVEWAY - BEAUTFUL EXTENSIVE REAR GARDEN - CLOSE TO LOCAL WALKS - IMMACULATELY PRESENTED - PERFECT FAMLY HOME
"A highly desirable, QUIET development built by Cavanna Homes in Glenholt. Swift are very pleased to present this beautiful 3 bedroom, SEMI DETACHED property, arranged over 3 floors, with a sunny outlook overlooking the green. Its IMMACULATE and tasteful presentation suggests to view this property..."
"GUIDE PRICE £290,000 - £300,000 - Nested in a cul-de-sac location, in the popular location of Turnchapel is this detached level bungalow, complete with a fully enclosed rear garden, driveway parking and a garage. This property has been owned for over 20 years and would make a fantasti..."
This spacious HMO is currently undergoing a thorough renovation offering each of the five letting rooms its own private shower room. The five fully let rooms then have shared access to a large kitchen dining room as well as a reasonable courtyard space. The rooms are let currently to working prof...
"Set within the desired area of Peverell is this immaculate five-bedroom home. This beautiful residence would perfectly suit a large household or even a multi-generational family because of its versatile levels. The ground floor benefits from two expansive rooms, one of which offers access to its ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £290,000 - £300,0000 Located within the prestigious waterfront development of Millbay, Plymouth is this stunning penthouse apartment which is being offered to the market chain free. This beautifully positioned residence not only offers some of the most amazing vi..."
"Semi-detached family home situated in the Redwood Heights development in Plympton. The accommodation comprises lounge/diner, modern kitchen/breakfast room, cloakroom, 3 bedrooms, master ensuite & family bathroom. There is an enclosed, landscaped rear garden & a driveway providing parking for 2/3 ..."
"Spacious four bedroom semi detached family home situated on a larger than average plot within the popular location of Maddock Drive, Plympton and just a stones throw away from Yealmpstone Farm primary School. The property is offered to the market with no onward chain and benefits from driveway parki"
"Split-level semi-detached family home with a generous south-facing garden backing onto countryside. The accommodation has been extended to the rear with a lounge leading through to a conservatory/dining room. In addition there is a kitchen/breakfast room, downstairs cloakroom/wc together with 3 b..."
Wonderfully presented 3 bed semi detached house located in Plymouth Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Spacious and cosy living room Master bedroom with en-suite shower room Second double bedroom<...
"This extremely well presented modern Semi Detached bungalow offers THREE BEDROOMS, MODERN FITTED KITCHEN, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, LOFT CONVERSION PROVIDING BEDROOM WITH STORAGE, DRIVEWAY PARKING FOR THREE CARS AND A STUNNING SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN. An early viewing is strongly advised!"
"CORNER PLOT SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE WITH GARAGE This home has been owned by the current residents for 50 years and has been a wonderful family home for them, they are hoping for the new owners to enjoy it as much as they have. Situated on a generous corner plot, with three bedrooms, parking..."
"This SPECTACULAR three bedroom END TERRACED townhouse located in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC with walking distance to the Ridgeway. GENEROUS SIZED bedrooms with family bathroom, Jack & Jill shower room and a FANTASTIC SIZED CONSERVATORY with enclosed rear GARDEN. INTEGRAL GARAGE and DRIVEWAY for 2 cars."
"*NO ONWARD CHAIN* Situated in central Plymstock is this deceptively spacious LINK-DETACHED bungalow, complete with driveway parking, three bedrooms and a conservatory with a private rear garden. This property is being sold with no onward chain, and also benefits from double glazing and gas centra..."
"FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE This four bedroom detached house is situated at the end of a quiet cul de sac in the sought after location of Staddiscombe, with garage, garden and off road parking. This property is not one to miss out. Please call Bradleys Estate Agents on ."
"An extended 3 bedroom semi detached house in Elburton with a shared drive garage and workshop all with close proximity to Elburton village and fantastic schooling. 
"
"Victorian End of Terrace centrally located Investment property Set out in four self-contained units. Comprising of Three Studio Flats, one 1 bedroom flat and garage. Ideal Investment property - viewing highly recommended."
"Set in the desirable and sought after area of Lipson is this period terraced property. This property has been utilised as an HMO since around 2015 and has previously bought an income in excess of £24,000 per annum when fully let. The licence allows for this particular property to be r..."
"A large and palatial garden apartment situated within Mannamead.
This spacious self-contained maisonette, situated within a Victorian, former gentleman's residence has been re-modelled and re-furbished over recent years and now boasts a modern fitted kitchen and four piece bathroom suite. Upon i..."
"Wonderfully presented ground floor apartment, with large living space, separate kitchen/breakfast room, newly installed shower room & access to secure off road parking. Viewing highly advised."
"Semi-detached house with accommodation comprising an entrance hall, open-plan lounge/dining room to the front, kitchen, 3 bedrooms & bathroom. Driveway & garage. Front garden & westerly-facing rear garden. Double-glazing & central heating."
"A well-presented LINK-DETACHED family home situated in Chaddlewood. The accommodation comprises, entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, DOWNSTAIRS WC, THREE bedrooms, master EN-SUITE & family bathroom. LEVEL PLOT with GENEROUS SIZED enclosed REAR GARDEN, driveway & GARAGE. Close to EXCELLENT SCHOOLS."
"Welcoming to the market this three bedroom semi detached family home in Chaddlewood offers an abundance of space both inside and out. This home would perfectly suit those looking to get on the property ladder, or equally be suited to a growing family. On the ground floor, the property benefits fr..."
"A level sited detached bungalow located within Elburton.
This two/three double bedroom property is situated with walking distance of Elburton village and within a easy access of The Broadway and all facilities that Plymstock has to offer.
Upon inspection, you will find an entrance hall, reception..."
"An ideal opportunity to acquire this detached bungalow in need of updating situated in a sought-after location & being sold with no onward chain. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall, large triple aspect living room, kitchen, 2 double bedrooms & shower room. Brick-paved driveway &..."
"Guide Price £280,000 - £300,000 Qualities in abundance. If parking is important, we covered that with x2 spaces and a garage. If it's location, tick that box. If it's garden, tick the box. If you need to move quickly, this home has no forward chain. Refurbished, ready to go..."
"** Offers In Excess Of £280,000 ** This semi detached family home is beautifully presented throughout. Internally the generous accommodation boasts a bay fronted lounge, separate dining area, kitchen/breakfast room, three good sized bedrooms, family bathroom and a downstairs wc. Further ..."
"This well-presented home is located within the Popular Manadon Park development. Internally the accommodation offers: entrance hall, lounge/dining room, kitchen, downstairs wc, three bedrooms, en-suite and the shower room. Further benefits include double glazing, central heating and externally th..."
"GUIDE PRICE £280,000 - £290,000 Positioned within the popular residential area of Peverell is this 3-bedroom family home perfectly located close to Central Park and Hyde Park with its popular school and array of shops. The main front door leads into the hallway with doors off ..."
"GUIDE PRICE - £280,000 - £290,000 - Located in a much sought after area of Plymstock within easy walking distance of Plymstock Broadway is this semi-detached bungalow, complete with ample parking space for three cars, a garage and a private rear garden. Accomodation comprises e..."
"*** Guide Price £280,000 - £300,000 ***
A centrally located investment property.
This period town house is situated within Lipson, the house is walking distance from Freedom Fields Park, Mutley Plain, Plymouth University and the City Centre. Upon inspection you will find an entrance ves..."
"Guide price £280,000 - £290,000. Aspire Estate Agents are thrilled to present this spacious 4-bedroom semi-detached home, situated on a quiet cul-de-sac in a sought-after location. Accommodation comprises porch, hallway, cloakroom, living room, kitchen/diner, conservatory, four bed..."
"End-terraced family home with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance porch, spacious entrance hall with downstairs cloakroom/wc leading to a lounge/dining room & fitted kitchen. On the first floor a generous landing provides access to 3 double bedrooms & a bathroom. Externally there is a la..."
"Semi-detached house situated in this ever popular location close to central Plymstock. The property is being sold with no onward chain. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall, dual aspect lounge/dining room, split-level kitchen, 3 bedrooms & a bathroom. Integral garage & brick-paved..."
"STUNNING STOKE HOME! GUIDE PRICE: £275,000 - £295,000. A beautifully presented, modern FIVE BEDROOM end terrace town house in one of Plymouth's most sought after locations. Boasting TWO PARKING SPACES, A master en-suite and a downstairs WC, and incredibly generous front and rear gardens. Call TODAY!"
"Incredibly spacious semi-detached dormer bungalow which has been extended up into the roof space & to the rear. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hallway, large extended triple aspect lounge/dining room, kitchen, large bathroom, 3 double bedrooms & additional first floor wc. Garage ..."
"This semi-detached bungalow is in central Plympton and is well presented and maintained throughout.  The accommodation includes entrance hall, lounge, two double bedrooms, ensuite and bathroom, modern fitted kitchen, and conservatory.  The garden is enclosed at the rear and there is ..."
"*** THIS ENORMOUS FAMILY HOME IN POPULAR LOCATION IS AS VERSATILE AS IT IS UNUSUAL! THIS IMPOSING BUILDING IS OVER THREE STOREYS WITH GARDENS AND DOUBLE GARAGE TO THE REAR. ***
Over the years it has ranged from flats to fabulous multi-generational family living, this house has good bones but need..."
"A beautifully appointed period home abundant with character which has been extensively modernised in recent years. Spacious lounge with open fireplace, separate dining room with recess cabinets, modern fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, separate utility room, three bedrooms and contempora..."
"Superbly-presented family home with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance porch, lounge, inner hallway with downstairs cloakroom/wc, open-plan kitchen/dining room opening onto the landscaped south-westerly facing rear garden, 3 double bedrooms & bathroom. Driveway & front garden. Double-gl..."
"This deceptively spacious period home is located in a prime central location and lies close to nearby parkland. Internally the property boasts accommodation arranged over three floors and comprises a good sized lounge, dining area, kitchen, four bedrooms (three doubles), en-suite to bedroom 1 and..."
"There is a lounge with a multi fuel burner, A dining room with a working ARGA, Kitchen and conservatory. Two double bedrooms and a good sized single bedroom. Separate toilet room and shower room. Enclosed rear garden offering great views of the countryside. Driveway for three to four cars."
"Stunning 2 year old new build property located in up and coming Sherford.  3 bedroom mid terraced property with 2 allocated parking spaces (one behind a locked gate), separate lounge, large kitchen diner and master bedroom with ensuite.  Great kerb appeal!  
"
"We are proud to offer this Five Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £275,000 - £295,000*"
"**ONE OFF PRICE FOR OUR UPCOMING OPEN HOME EVENT** We are excited to introduce this substantial six bedroom terraced property situated within one of Stoke’s most desirable streets. The size of this beautiful period home allows vast amounts of versatility, and is ideal for a growing family, ..."
"- GUIDE PRICE £270,000 - Beautifully presented bungalow that offers spacious accommodation and a fantastic rear garden. The property boasts a large lounge, newly fitted modern kitchen, three bedrooms, shower room and separate w.c"
"SUPERB PERIOD HOME OFFERING EXCELLENT POTENTIAL WITH SEPARATE SELF CONTAINED ONE BEDROOM FLAT. OFF STREET PARKING AND SITUATED IN A DESIRABLE LOCATION WITHIN HYDE PARK PRIMARY CATCHMENT AREA! The property still requires some finishing off but offers versatility and potential ""home with i..."
"A well presented three bedroom family home with accommodation arranged over 3 floors and benefiting from a good-sized rear garden. A path leads up to the front door opening into the hallway, from here doors lead off to rooms and stairs lead to the first floor and an additional staircase to ..."
*FOR SALE VIA ONLINE AUCTION: terms and conditions apply* We are pleased to offer to auction this 7 bedroom property in need of modernisation. This substantial end of terrace property offers huge potential and can be available with vacant possession and no onward chain. Currently arranged as r...
"South-facing semi-detached family home located in a popular area of Plympton, with accommodation comprising an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, 3 bedrooms, bathroom & separate wc. Outside to the front there is a garage and off-road parking together with an enclosed garden to the rear."
"GUIDE PRICE - £270,000 - £280,000 - Nestled in a cul-de-sac location, is this semi-detached bungalow with views towards Hooe Lake and Dartmoor. The property is complete with an enclosed rear garden mostly laid to lawn, with under house storage, and a garage in a separate block. With t..."
"Newly refurbished throughout to a high standard. Currently arranged as two flats, the accommodation offers a ready to go buy-to-let investment opportunity. Situated in the popular residential area of St Budeaux, the property is close to local amenities, schools and has great transport links."
"Located a short walk from the Ridgeway in Plympton and offered with no onward chain is this semi detached property with the benefits of having double glazing, gas central heating, driveway parking and garage and front and rear gardens. The house has accommodation comprising of lounge, dining room..."
"Charming Victorian home with three double bedrooms, two reception rooms, a plethora of period features & large kitchen/breakfast room. Complete with private rear courtyard garden with garage door."
"FIVE BED FAMILY HOME! Fox and Son's are delighted to present this spacious, characterful mid terrace period property, perfect for large families with THREE RECEPTION ROOMS and TWO CLOAKROOMS! With OFF ROAD PARKING in a central location we expect high interest, call us on to view TODAY!"
"Beautifully presented throughout is this two double bedroom semi-detached house. The property is located in the popular residential area of Whitleigh and close to local amenities, schools and transport links."
Located in this lovely and highly respected residential 'family' area is this 4 bedroomed semi detached family home positioned in a quiet cul-de-sac. Off the reception hallway there is a fabulous large living room to the front. the kitchen / diner is one big stylish room which is the heart to thi...
"This sizable three bedroom semi-detached home offers two numbered allocated parking spaces, large enclosed rear garden, ensuite to the master bedroom and has the added bonus of being chain free! This property has an extremely spacious feeling throughout and gives off a bright and airy atmosphere."
"**FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** Arranged as four flats under one title, this property would make a fantastic investment. Each flat is metered separately and comes with EPC's and comes under council tax band A. Properties arranged like this are extremely popular, and do not hand aro..."
Wonderfully presented 4 bed detached house located in Plymouth Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Spacious and cosy living room with feature fireplace Bright and roomy dining room Master bedroom <...
"A four bedroom End of Terrace house situated in a popular central location and offering four bedrooms (master with en-suite), kitchen/diner, lounge, separate w.c. and family bathroom. There is an allocated parking space and rear garden. An ideal first time buy or investment opportunity!"
"Introducing this spectacular four bedroom semi detached family home in the sought after area of Plympton, offering an abundance of space both inside and out. This home would perfectly suit those looking for a family home as the property is situated within a quiet cul-de-sac and a stone’s th..."
"Being sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £270,000. This property will be legally prepared enabling any interested buyer to secure the property immediately once their bid/offer has been accepted. Ultimately a transparent process which provides ..."
"This stunning Double-Fronted Period Mid Terrace home is situated within the sought-after area of Stoke which provides a vast range of amenities, Devonport Dockyard is nearby and there is good public transport links. Arranged on three levels, this spacious, well-presented home needs to be viewed earl"
"NO ONWARD CHAIN A modern, well presented property throughout situated in a new development at Saltram Meadow. This property benefits from off road parking, a garage and an south facing enclosed garden. A perfect family home or investment property. (availability for freehold to be purc..."
"The well-presented accommodation comprises Lounge, Modern Fitted Kitchen with integrated appliances, downstairs w.c., Two Double and One Single Bedroom (Bedroom One with En-Suite Shower Room) and Family Bathroom. Outside there are gardens to the front and rear and driveway parking for two vehicles."
"GUIDE PRICE £270,000 - £275,000 A gorgeous two double bedroom property located in the desirable Peverell area of Plymouth, perfectly located nearby to Central Park and within easy reach of Hyde Park. The house has been fitted with a gorgeous modern kitchen, stylish decoration thro..."
"Offering an abundance of charm & character is this lovely 3 bedroom Grade II listed cottage which is being sold with no onward chain. The property is located in central Plymstock & is convenient for all the local amenities. The accommodation briefly comprises 3 bedrooms, with one bedroom sub-divi..."
"WATERSIDE OFFICE - A new development of stylish, contemporary one and two bedroom apartments, all benefiting from balcony or terrace views and located in the heart of Plymouth. The central location of Peirson House means that you'll be perfectly placed to enjoy all that Plymouth has to off..."
"A well-presented home with GENEROUS GARDEN, far reaching views and superb BASEMENT offering a very versatile space for home working, games, or hobby room. Cloakroom, kitchen/diner, sitting room, three bedrooms, modern shower room, allocated parking, PVCu double glazing, gas central heating."
"Beautifully presented family home, with private south facing rear gardens, open plan kitchen/breakfast room, lounge & en-suite. Complete with three bedrooms, cloakroom & two allocated parking spaces. No onward chain & viewing highly advised."
"GORGEOUS MOUNT GOULD ROAD HOME! Fox and Sons are delighted to present this beautiful, characterful mid terrace period property, perfect for large families with THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS and TWO BATHROOMS! With NO ONWARD CHAIN we expect high interest so call to view at your earliest convenience."
"This particularly well presented modern home benefits from an attractive south facing open aspect to the rear. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen/dining room, three bedrooms, en-suite shower room and a family bathroom. Externally the property has an attractive ..."
"Spacious family home located in the residential area of Beacon Park. Close to both Primary and Secondary schools. Three bedrooms, three reception room, fitted kitchen and enclosed rear garden"
"Located in the sought after area of Peverell we have a well-positioned semidetached family home comprising of Three Bedrooms, Two reception rooms, Kitchen and bathroom, sitting a corner plot with Garage. In need of modernisation this property will make a wonderful family home."
"*** A GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE A FREEHOLD PROPERTY SPLIT INTO TWO FLATS. ***
The ground floor flat is a self-contained one bedroomed flat with separate lounge, dining kitchen and bathroom with courtyard garden. The upstairs is a duplex apartment over two levels with lounge, kitchen and three..."
"The property is within easy access to The A38, Mount Gould Hospital and local amenities, making this a perfect property for someone looking for either their first time buy or a family home. THREE BEDROOMS, SPACIOUS KITCHEN/DINER AND BATHROOM. Boasting estuary views, early viewing is advised!"
"An immaculately presented three bedroom Town house situated within the very popular Widewell Estate. The property boasts two parking spaces, downstairs W/C and an En-suite shower room. A viewing is highly advised."
"Superb, second floor apartment with three double bedrooms, main en-suite and located on the waters edge. Complete with allocated parking, with an EWS1 form, two south facing balconies & no onward chain. Viewing highly advised."
"Set within the very sought after location of Beacon Park is this beautifully maintained detached bungalow with level access. This charming home has recently undergone decorative works throughout and as a result is presented to a high standard and would appeal to first time buyers, prof..."
"This semi-detached house is situated in Manadon Park, Plymouth. The accommodation comprises; a lounge, recently refitted kitchen/diner, downstairs WC, three bedrooms(2dbls;1sng) and a family bathroom. There is a good size rear garden, a garage at the rear of the property and driveway parking. ..."
"Bungalow with Conservatory & level Garden - No chain Your Move are delighted to offer to the market this pretty detached bungalow set in the sought after location of Beacon Park. West Down Road offers 2 double bedrooms , lounge, kitchen , dining area & utility room . In additi..."
"**CHAIN FREE FAMILY HOME** This wonderful three bedroom property sits towards the bottom of Pounds Park Road, only a stone's throw from central park. Boasting some beautiful original features, a spacious kitchen/breakfast room and a nice sunny rear courtyard. The property will be sold w..."
"A CENTRAL 5 letting room house (4 doubles and 1 single), producing a gross INCOME of £22,088 per annum. Currently FULLY LET until July 2023 and RE-LET for 2023/24 at £24,860 a year INCOME. MINUTES from Plymouth UNIVERSITY campus, a stones throw from Plymouth TRAIN STATION and walking di..."
"Delightful two bedroom semi detached bungalow - Private driveway and garage - Lovely garden with a patio and long stretch of lawn - Close to amenities, bus links and great woodland walks - Modern kitchen & shower room - Ideal property to move straight into with no fuss."
"A delightful apartment located within a much sought-after development on Plymouth's historic Hoe. Built-in 2006, the development offers a range of attractive apartments, all with parking, which have continued to be popular with those looking for a lifestyle change. Accommodation compri..."
"Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this fantastic two bedroom first floor apartment situated within a private road off of Hawkins Close, Derriford. This wonderfully spacious apartment offers accommodation comprising private entrance, large open landing, fitted kitchen, feature b..."
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £270,000 A fantastic opportunity to purchase this 3 double bedroom semi-detached family home, in this popular residential area of Plymouth, close to local amenities and schools. The main front door leads into the main hallway which has doors off to rooms..."
"This beautiful semi detached family home is set within the sought-after area of Plymstock and offers an abundance of space as well as benefitting from three good sized bedrooms. The ground floor comprises a porch, a fitted kitchen, a spacious living/dining room and also a side extension which cou..."
"*** Guide Price £260,000 - £270,000 *** Fantastic opportunity to purchase this three bedroom semi detached family home situated in Carew Avenue. Close to local shopping amenities, Shakespeare Primary school, Derriford Hospital and links to the A38 are only a short distance away"
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £270,000 Spanning over 2,290 sq. ft of living space is this well-proportioned residence which is nestled within Stonehouse, Plymouth. This versatile home offers a range of rooms that are set over three floors and offer many benefits, whether that be fo..."
This well presented semi detached property is located in this central area of Keyham and on the doorstep of the Plymouth Dockyard. The ground floor accommodation boasts a generous living / dining space which is open plan to the contemporary kitchen to the rear of the property. ...
"****GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £270,000**** Situated within the popular area of Eggbuckland, Plymouth is this well presented family home that is conveniently nestled within a quiet cul-de-sac road. This deceivingly large residence offers many advantages which include, off street..."
"Beautifully appointed family home, with open plan living, modern shower room, a wealth of period features & private south facing gardens."
"Lang Town and Country are delighted to offer this well presented, semi -detached house, situated in a cul-de-sac location in Eggbuckland, close to all local amenities including schools, local shops and within easy access of Plymouth City Centre and the A38.
"
The two bedroom Ashenford is a great way to get on the property ladder
"A BEAUTIFUL and WELL LOCATED two DOUBLE bedroom BUNGALOW, situated in the popular residential area of Merafield, On bus routes and with easy access to main roads, the property already in GREAT CONDITION offers a lot of POTENTIAL if wished to be extended and easy access to bus routes"
"*Guide Price - £250,000 - £275,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this exquisite garden apartment situated in a stunning converted Villa. This beautiful home was refurbished approximately 4 years ago and boasts spacious accommodation which encapsulates the unique private ga..."
"Benefiting from front and rear gardens, a garage, a newly fitted bathroom and close links to the A38, this is a must see period property which offers spacious accommodation and is situated in the popular area of St Budeaux."
"*Guide Price £250,000* - Situated on a corner plot is this three bedroom end of terrace home. Benefiting form a double garage, far reaching views across to the Tamar Bridge and located close to great local amenities - this property would make a lovely family home."
"This CHARACTER COTTAGE is walking distance to the BEAUTIFUL Saltram National Park, and a sought after location in a PRIVATE residential area. Spacious bedrooms and a large COSY lounge and a galley style kitchen, Allocated parking and a large PRIVATE garden. POTENTIAL FOR MODERNISATION."
"Situated to the north of the city of Plymouth is this modern End of Terrace house comprising spacious Lounge/Diner with patio doors out onto the rear garden, Modern Fitted Kitchen, Three Bedrooms, Shower Room and separate W.C. The house is tastefully decorated throughout."
"****GUIDE PRICE £250,000 - £260,000**** Perfectly positioned for providing elevated views over the River Plym, is this deceptively large 4 bedroom semi-detached home which is located within the popular area of Laira, Plymouth. A well-equipped property that offers versatility..."
"This spacious semi-detached home is located within close proximity of Derriford Hospital and sits on a good-sized plot. Internally the accommodation offers spacious lounge, separate dining area, kitchen, three good sized double bedrooms, bathroom and a downstairs wc. Further benefits include doub..."
"Waterside Office* Video Tour Available*  Lang Town And Country are offering a delightful grade II listed property in the heart of the historic Barbican within only moments' walk of a vibrant array of shops, restaurants, cafes and bars set adjacent to Sutton Harbour. 
"
"Delightful end-terraced character property situated in an area of natural beauty & tranquility with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance porch, dining room, lounge, kitchen & bathroom with 2 bedrooms & shower room. Outside there is a generous garden together with a studio & summer house."
"A well presented two bedroom SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW with a lovely SOUTH FACING balcony in the sought after location of Woodford, Plympton. The property boasts a SPACIOUS living room, double glazing, a patio area and GARAGE. In need of modernisation. PERFECT FOR A PROJECT or INVESTMENT."
"Lang Town and Country are pleased to offer this fantastic, period apartment in situated in a very convenient location, close to Mutley Plain and within easy access of Plymouth City Centre.
"
"Situated on Beverston Way within the popular housing estate of Widewell we are delighted to be showing this three double bedroom semi-detached family home that boasts off road parking, garage and a stunning rear garden."
"Cul-de-sac location in central Plymstock close to the Broadway and Radford Park. Benefitting modern shower room, kitchen, three bedrooms, cellar rooms, garage and front and rear gardens ."
"***** Guide Price of £250,000 *****
This End of Terraced Property is arranged over two floors. Each room is lockable and there are two shower rooms. This property has an active HMO license. ** AGENTS NOTE - We are currently awaiting access for additional photos and floor plan **"
"PRETTY COTTAGE located in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC boasting WOODEN BEAMS and WOOD BURNER. Two DOUBLE BEDROOMS, modern bathroom with separate shower cubicle, downstairs WC, Utility room, allocated parking and enclosed rear garden. Close to GOOD SCHOOLS. EPC: C."
"Situated within a highly popular and desirable cul de sac, this imposing, delightful, traditional semi-detached residence.
"
"Tucked away in a quiet cul de sac in Crownhill is this lovely 1950's semi detached house. The accommodation comprises of entrance hallway, lounge/diner, kitchen, conservatory, three bedrooms and a family bathroom. To the front of the property you will find a shared driveway which leads to a sing..."
"Situated on Wentwood Gardens, Thornbury. Yopa Plymouth are delighted to be showing this extended three bedroom semi detached family home. The property boasts a driveway and garage and is offered with no onward chain."
"**OFFERS OVER £250,000** We are delighted to present this three bedroom semi-detached home. Benefiting from a garage and drive, a fantastic sized rear garden, three bedrooms and downstairs cloakroom. To view please call us on . ER - D."
"GUIDE PRICE: £250,000 - £260,000. This lovely home has been tastefully modernised by the current owners and is perfect for anyone looking to move straight in! The accommodation itself comprises lounge, modern fitted kitchen, two double bedrooms and bathroom."
"Quote DT0134.  Well presented and excellently maintained semi-detached split level house backing on to Woodlands.  Comprises; entrance hall, kitchen/diner, living room, three double bedrooms, shower room, separate WC, front and rear gardens, driveway and garage.  ..."
This is a fantastic opportunity to acquire this end of terrace house extending to in excess of 2000 sq ft with huge potential to extend further or re-configure and develop subject to planning permission. The property which was once a coal merchants occupies a corner plot with rear access to th...
• Four Bedroom Mid Terraced House • Fantastic Family Home/Buy To Let Investment • Superbly Presented Throughout • South Facing Private Rear Garden • Positioned In A Quiet Road Close to Mutley Plain & Within Walking Distance to City Centre & Uni...
"****GUIDE PRICE £250,000 - £260,000**** Located only a stone’s throw away from the city of Plymouth is this stunningly presented period home that oozes charm and elegance with its traditional décor. The property offers many benefits which include, 2 reception ro..."
"GUIDE PRICE £250,000 - £260,000. Characterful semi-detached house built c.1934 retaining various original and period features. Modern conveniences including recently installed modern fitted kitchen, a separate dining room, garden room and at first floor level 3 bedrooms, a shower room and separa..."
*SPACIOUS & WELL PRESENTED FAMILY HOME *THREE BEDROOMS *TWO RECEPTION ROOMS *OFF ROAD PARKING *ENCLOSED REAR COURTYARD GARDEN *MODERN FITTED KITCHEN & BATHROOM *CONVENIENT CENTRAL LOCATION
"A well presented end terrace property standing on a generous plot within a quiet off road position. Entrance hall, open-plan lounge/diner, modern fitted kitchen, three bedrooms, shower room, separate wc, gardens, allocated parking PVCu D/G, GCH, NO CHAIN"
"This well-presented end of terrace house is situated in Lee Mill, Ivybridge. The accommodation comprises; a lounge, modern kitchen/diner, utility room, downstairs shower room, three bedrooms (2dbls;1sng) and a family bathroom. There is parking available for two cars at the front of the pr..."
Superbly-presented modern end-terraced house with an open-plan living & kitchen on the ground floor together with a large downstairs cloakroom/wc. On the first floor there are 2 double bedrooms & bathroom. Rear level landscaped gardens with access to 2 parking spaces. Double-glazing & central hea...
"This well presented property set in a fantastic location close to local amenities, transport links and green spaces makes this home perfect for a family. The property offers a tasteful living space on the ground floor, with a spacious living room followed by a dining room and kitchen which is fin..."
"Situated in the quiet Endeavour Court development, Pilkington Estates are delighted to present for sale this fantastic two bedroomed first floor apartment. The property features a wealth of open plan living space, with floor to ceiling windows illuminating the room with natural light, creating th..."
"FANTASTIC FOUR BEDROOM PROPERTY! Fox and Son's are delighted to present this modern, recently renovated home perfect for large families or sharers, with FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS and two large reception rooms! With a modern kitchen and bathroom this home would satisfy any lucky buyer, call to view TODAY!"
Barn Conversion | 2 Bedrooms | Carport and off road parking area | Garden backing on to woodland | Worcester Gas Combi Boiler | Open living area | No onward chain | EPC D
"*** A RARE & EXCITING INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY!! *** This is a chance to buy a three-story freehold property in the heart of Plymouth currently arranged as two separate apartments with wonderful income potential! There is a one bedroom basement apartment with large garden, spacious modern k..."
"GUIDE PRICE - £250,000 - £260,000 Beautifully presented semi detached family home situated in Reddicliff Close. Offered with spacious accommodation in a desirable location with three bedrooms, parking and garage. NO ONWARD CHAIN"
Superb fourth floor apartment enjoying views of the Sound | Easy distance to amenities and the Barbican | Two bedrooms | Bathroom | Kitchen/living room | Private and shared balconies | Secure partially-covered parking and cycle store | Beautifully presented
"Impressive period Mid Terrace family home that has been completed renovated to make a stunning family residence. Two reception rooms, modern fitted kitchen, three bedrooms and a bathroom that must be viewed! Situated in the ever popular residential are of St Judes, viewing is strongly advised!"
"Situated within the very sought after area of Hemerdon Heights. This spacious and extended three double bedroom family home boasts a garage, driveway for 2 cars, rear garden, spacious lounge / dining room, extension, four piece family bathroom and three great size bedrooms"
"A beautifully appointed semi detached, modern family home. Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Sitting Room, Three Bedrooms, Master En Suite, Bathroom, Driveway, West Facing Garden, GCH, PVCu Double Glazing"
*** NO ONWARD CHAIN *** There are two double bedrooms and a good sized single with bathroom upstairs. A separate kitchen and a open plan lounge diner with double glazed patio doors to the rear garden. Front and rear garden. Driveway and garage.
"HMO HOUSE WITH A GREAT RETURN! A very well presented FIVE BEDROOM end terrace property with THREE SHOWER ROOMS and with a fantastic rental track record, in a central location within walking distance to Mutley Plain. For sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN it's a fantastic investment opportunity. Call to view"
"Spacious semi-detached bungalow in an elevated position with well-proportioned light, airy accommodation, benefiting from uPVC double glazing & gas central heating, a modern boiler & new radiators. The accommodation comprises hall, lounge, kitchen/breakfast room, large conservatory, 2 double bedr..."
"Being sold with no onward chain and occupying a fabulous location on one of the desirable 'Park Roads' is this bay fronted mid terraced Edwardian house. The house retains a wealth of period and character features such as, ornate ceiling mouldings, dado rails, balustrade staircase and a..."
• Extremely Spacious Victorian Terraced Family Home • Beautifully Presented Throughout • Arranged Over Three Floors • Four Bedrooms • Situated Conveniently Close To Devonport Dockyard • Two Reception Rooms • Modern Fitted Kitchen &a...
Aspire Estate Agents are excited to present this stunning three-bedroom semi-detached home with off-road parking for two vehicles. Accommodation comprises hallway - living room - cloakroom - kitchen/diner - stairs - landing - bedroom one - bedroom two - bedroom three - bathroom - off-road park...
"A perfect family home not to be missed! Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location on a modern development we are delighted to be showing this three double bedroom home. Including two allocated parking spaces, Downstairs W/C, En-suite and a level and sunny rear garden."
"Extended semi-detached house with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance porch & hallway, dual aspect lounge/dining room, kitchen & rear porch. On the first floor there are 3 double bedrooms, family bathroom & master ensuite shower room. Other features include a garage, driveway & an outbui..."
"PRIORY LODGE sits in a QUIET cul-de-sac in the SOUGHT AFTER area of LOWER COMPTON, having been loved by the same family for over 50 years! This Victorian, DOUBLE FRONTED, 3 bedroom house, requires FULL REFURBISHMENT to bring it back to its former glory but does BENEFIT from being mostly double gl..."
"Guide Price £240,000 - £250,000 A fantastic opportunity to purchase this renovated/modernised 3 bedroom spacious and versatile family home offering accommodation over three floors. The property has been fitted with a gorgeous modern kitchen, stylish bathroom and many other upgrade..."
"FANTASTIC FORT AUSTIN HOME!! A deceptively spacious THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM semi detached family home, in a highly sought after and exclusive private street in Crownhill. Perfect for first time buyers or growing families, with a beautiful enclosed garden, conservatory and PRIVATE PARKING! CALL NOW!"
"OPEN HOUSE - Saturday 18th March 14:00 - 17:00, contact us for details. ** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Located in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC this THREE bedroom END TERRACED family home benefits from a front garden and a FANTASTIC SIZED enclosed rear garden, GARAGE and DRIVEWAY. Close to GOOD SCHOOLS. main ..."
"A chance to acquire a fantastic investment opportunity. Current arranged as two double bedroom ground and first floor flats, this substantially spaced end of terraced property has the benefits of being walking distance to the city centre, whilst maintainin easy aaccesto the A38 and local bus routes."
"GUIDE PRICE £160,000 - £170,000 Well-proportioned period built mid terraced house, roughly triangular in shape. On the ground floor with entrance lobby, spacious open plan living room providing good size lounge/dining room & with a wide archway to a modern fitted kitchen set to the rear. A 'W..."
"Spacious four bedroom home situated in the popular area of St Budeaux. This semi-detached property has a lounge,dining room, kitchen, utility room, downstairs W.C., four good sized bedrooms including a loft bedroom with en-suite, rear garden and driveway."
Spacious three bedroom semi-detached family home situated in the popular residential area of St Budeaux. This property is immaculately presented and has been redecorated throughout. There is off road parking at the front and an enviable landscaped rear garden. Not to be missed!
This beautiful spacious three bedroom semi-detached property offers a plethora of quality designs and features. It uniquely benefits from stunning far reaching panoramic views.
"Situated in the highly sought after area of Hooe, is this enviable corner plot, end of terraced property that has been a family home for over 40 years. Complete with a wraparound garden, with the opportunity to create off road parking subject to planning permission. Conveniently close to local am..."
"Semi-detached property located close to Crownhill with no onward chain. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, conservatory, 3 bedrooms & a family shower room. Driveway providing off-road parking for several cars. Low maintenance southerly-facing rear garden...."
"Elegant Edwardian family home filled with period features, two reception rooms, two double bedrooms & a bathroom. Complete with a private rear garden & offered with no onward chain."
"A delightful two bedroom, end terraced house located in the popular Saltram Meadow estate. The property benefits; two double bedrooms, modern kitchen and bathroom, allocated parking and a good sized enclosed rear garden."
"Character Two Bedroom Cottage Located in the heart of Lutton this beautifully presented cottage offers character sitting alongside a modern element. Open plan living, dining and kitchen with bathroom on the ground floor, with slate tiled floor and underfloor heating. The garden located ..."
"Offers In region of £240,000 This is one for all you investors out there! Camden Street, This four bedroom property is loosely arranged as two flats, let to working professionals currently contacted until August 2022. The property currently is earning £5200 Per..."
"Offered with no onward chain is this three bedroom semi-detached house in a prime location in Plymstock, close to local amenities. The property benefits good sized driveway, garage and fully enclosed rear garden."
"Substantial double bay fronted end of terrace home with beautiful retaining period features. This lovely home boast spacious living accommodation, two bathrooms, four bedrooms and an enclosed outside space."
"GUIDE PRICE - £ 240,000 - £ 250,000 Situated in the ever popular Mutley area of Plymouth is this Semi Detached house offering open plan lounge/diner, modern fitted kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom with separate w.c., rear garden and the added bonus of a garage. Convenient location!"
"Spacious three bedroom semi detached - No onward chain - Driveway and garage - South facing garden - Great location for schools, amenities, and commuter links - Fantastic family home - Great property for adding your own mark to"
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT! GUIDE PRICE: £240,000 - £250,000. A truly spectacular ground floor apartment with it's own PRIVATE GARDEN, PRIVATE PARKING, and immaculate presentation throughout. In a highly sought after central location this property must be seen to be fully appreciated!"
"Three Bedroom Semi Detached House. Fantastic home located in Merafield offering spacious & open plan internal accommodation perfect for family living. Three bedrooms, bathroom, lounge/kitchen/dining room and sunroom located to the rear with a pleasant outlook onto the enclosed south..."
"Situated in the popular residential area of Keyham, this property must be viewed to appreciate the beautiful period features and space that it has to offer. With five bedrooms and situated over three floors, there is an abundance of space, perfect for families looking to be near local amenities a..."
"A BRIGHT AND SPACIOUS 2 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME Situated within the centre of Pymstock is this well presented two-bedroom semi-detached home. With its location and space, this property is perfect for those looking to invest or a first time buyer looking to get themselves on the prope..."
"GUIDE PRICE £240,000 - £250,000 A fantastic opportunity to purchase this 3 bedroom end of terrace family home located just a short distance away from Mutley Plain, while also being positioned nearby Plymouth university, Plymouth train station and Central Park. The property off..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this most spacious & versatile Victorian end-of-terrace house, conveniently situated at the end of a residential cul-de-sac, adjacent to Central Park. This property is adaptable and has potential for both an investor looking for a prime location ,or as..."
"We are excited to market this three-bedroom end of terrace property, positioned in a very much sought after location in PL2. The ground floor consists of an open plan living space with a large living room with a beautiful bay window allowing natural light to pour through the property. This then o..."
"Waterside Office* Video Tour Available*  An exceptional Garden apartment within this delightful building located in the heart of the Hoe Conservation Area. Citadel Road is conveniently located on the Hoe within moments’ walk of the Hoe Promenade, offering panoramic views a..."
"This modern two bedroom home benefits from a west facing rear garden and a garage with parking. The good size accommodation comprises: entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen, lounge/dining room, two double bedrooms and a bathroom. Externally the property has a 21’ west facing enclosed rear garden and ..."
"For Sale by Auction | 14:00 | 04 April 2023. Guide £235,000 Substantial 3 storey end of terrace freehold property situated within the sought after area of Hyde Park, Plymouth. Being sold as an investment opportunity, the property is currently split with the ground floor retail premises trading ..."
"This one bedroom end terraced house is in a popular location close to local beaches, a ideal property for a first time buyer. Benefiting from a good size lounge, conservatory, modern bathroom, spacious bedroom and parking for two cars."
"A stylish two double bedroom, second floor apartment located in Quadrant Wharf, the newly completed phase of the Millbay regeneration. Being sold with no onward chain, this apartment would make a wonderful home or an ideal investment in a sought after location.
"
"Most well presented modern built semi-detached house. uPVC double glazing. Gas central heating. Benefitting from major upgrading, improvement and refurbishment. The property now providing a well-presented and comfortably appointed home with good size lounge, kitchen/dining room, porch/utility,..."
"A building plot with planning consent for an inspiring single storey dwelling house, in the heart of the South Hams village of Brixton. Tenure - Freehold. Web Ref : NEW220046 Viewing strictly by appointment only through the selling agents."
"Semi Detached Bungalow In Central Plymstock*  2 Bedrooms*  Garage, Driveway & Workshop/Cellar*  Generous Sized Garden*  Good Local Bus Service Close By* Recently Fitted Heating System*   Shower Room*  Close To Many Amenties* 
"
"Welcome to The Sutton, a stunning 2 bedroom home. Entering through the hallway you'll find a downstairs cloakroom, open plan kitchen and dining area with a large separate living room. Moving upstairs you'll find two double bedrooms and a modern family bathroom. Please note, floo..."
"The Hart offers everything you need in a two-bedroom home - immensely liveable and immediately comfortable. Enter the property into the hallway with a convenient cloakroom and handy storage cupboard, off the hall, find an open-plan kitchen-dining area with everything brand new complete..."
"GUIDE PRICE £230,000 TO £240,000 This semi-detached family home is a real rare treat! Boasting a larger than average garden, which is very mature and extremely private making it perfect for parties or those who are green fingered. Also having a single garage and a large..."
"Located within the popular area of Lipson, Plymouth is this dependable investment property which is being offered to the market with tenants in situ. The building offers 3, self-contained apartments upon one tittle and generates a comfortable return of £1,500pcm. The property offers plenty ..."
"CENTRALLY LOCATED STUDENT PROPERTY! A beautifully presented, fully let THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM double fronted end terrace property, with a fantastic rental track record achieving OVER £21,000 P/A. Pre let for next year and within walking distance to Plymouth University. For sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN!"
"Located within the heart of Higher Compton, Plymouth is this deceptively large 1930's family home which is being offered to the market chain free. Whilst the property does require some modernisation it offers plenty of potential to be modernised and re-configured to create the perfect living spac..."
"A two bedroom semi-detached bungalow in need of some modernisation, offering the opportunity for a project. Briefly comprising; two bedrooms, wetroom, kitchen, lounge with patio doors, driveway, garage, low maintenance front and rear gardens."
"Offering stunning far reaching waterside and country views this sizable three bedroom semi-detached must be viewed. It is extremely spacious throughout offering separate reception rooms, perfect for families needing extra space, separate dining, or play room. This property is also chain free."
"A fantastic two bedroom 'Mews Style' property attached to The Captain's House located within the popular development of The Millfields, an historic former Royal Naval Hospital with secure landscaped walled grounds of approximately 26 acres. The historic buildings throughout the site have been tra..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a two bedroom family home situated in a convenient and sought after area. With a conservatory, driveway and impressive in size rear garden this is a simple must see! **£230,000-£240,000**"
"WONDERFUL WEST PARK HOME! GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £240,000. A fantastic opportunity to acquire this beautiful THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM end of terrace house, with a beautifully sunny rear garden,and with off road parking, Don't miss out! £230,000 - £240,000"
"GUIDE PRICE - £240,000 - £250,000 - INVESTMENT PROPERTY - FIVE BEDROOMS - FULLY LET - CENTRAL LOCATION - Can be brought with vacant possession or with current contract. This property is very close to the university and Mutley plain. Call our Plymouth office for details!"
"An opportunity to acquire this superb town house, situated close to Oreston waterfront with its green and slipway. Briefly, the accommodation comprises an entrance hall, top floor open plan living room, fitted kitchen, 3 double bedrooms & shower room. There is also a generous integral garage & dr..."
"Beautiful ground floor apartment with large open plan living space, two double bedrooms, main en-suite & complementary bathroom. Finished to a wonderful standard, with mock Georgian finishes, allocated parking space & with no onward chain. Holiday Letting permitted."
"Guide Price £230,000 - £240,000 BRILLIANT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY FOR TWO FLATS IN ONE BUILDING! The property has a two bedroom ground floor flat and a three bedroom first/second floor maisonette. Close to the doclyard, this property is a great rental investment with a combined cu..."
"This three bedroom semi detached house is situated in Dudley Road, Plympton. There is a separate kitchen and a lounge/ diner. Bathroom upstairs with two double bedrooms and one single bedroom. Double glazed and centrally heated. A shared drive leading to a garage. Fully enclosed rear garden."
"**WITH PLANNING PERMISSION FOR A 2 STOREY EXTENSION** Hilldean Close is sat on a generous plot, in the heart of Tamerton Foliot. This wonderful family home is presented well throughout, and would suit larger or expanding families given that we have full planning permission for a two sto..."
"FAMILY HOME OVER THREE FLOORS! This fantastic house would suit any first time buyer or growing family, in a quiet cul-de-sac location. Beautifully presented and benefiting from THREE BEDROOMS, with TWO PARKING SPACES, a beautiful LARGE REAR GARDEN and is for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN! Call TODAY!"
"A well presented, two bedroom cottage located in Brixton, Devon. With open plan lounge/diner, a great sized fitted kitchen, conservatory, two double bedrooms, modern fitted bathroom, loft room, rear garden and off road parking! This property is a must see if you are looking to the rural life!"
"This well presented two double bedroom semi-detached property is tucked away discreetly in a quiet and tranquil corner of the ever-popular area of Newnham. This home would perfectly suit those looking to get on the property ladder, or equally be suited to those looking for a sound investment. The..."
"***FOR SALE VIA ONLINE AUCTION*** Superb investment opportunity situated in a desirable central location within walking distance of Plymouth University, mainline Train Station and Plymouth City Center. Property is currently let producing income of £28,500. Accommodation comprises Entrance Hal..."
"**Offers in The Region of £230,000** This beautifully presented home is located within the popular residential area of Manadon Park. Internally the property offers lounge, modern integrated kitchen/dining room, downstairs wc, two double bedrooms and bathroom. Further benefits include ref..."
"A three bedroom end of terrace with integral garage located in a quiet cul-de-sac location. This property is being sold with no onward chain and due to its close proximity to Plymouth city centre, Devonport Naval Base and transport links its sure to be popular with many buyer types."
"GUIDE PRICE - £230,000 - £240,000. A beautifully presented, spacious home perfect for families or first time buyers alike. Situated in the regenerated area of North Prospect, this property was built around 10 years ago, but still feels like a new home having recently been r..."
"ON THE DOORSTEP OF CENTRAL PARK ! DC Lane are delighted to present this charming mid terrace house located in the popular Peverell area and positioned with easy access to the A38 and City Centre for a convenient commute, and within walking distance of the famous Plymouth Life Centre and ..."
"Nicely-presented mid-terraced bungalow situated within a very popular development. The bungalow enjoys an enclosed courtyard-style garden with views to Staddon Heights, with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance hall & split-level living space consisting of a living room with sliding doors..."
"*** NO ONWARD CHAIN *** A SPACIOUS home boasting BUNDLES OF SPACE THROUGHOUT, large FRONT & REAR GARDENS, TWO reception rooms, situated in a CUL-DE-SAC and to be sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN!! Call Fox & Sons today to arrange your viewing!!"
"MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION - ATTENTION INVESTORS! - A unique opportunity to acquire a versatile property situated in the heart of St Budeaux. Currently split into three flats, there is planning permission granted to redevelop the building into two 4 bedroom town houses."
"*Guide Price - £220,000 - £230,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this fantastic investment opportunity, set up as two apartments within one Victorian style freehold dwelling. The property boasts both a one bedroom ground floor and a two bedroom first floor apartment wi..."
This 5 bedroom period property is split across three floors and offers substantial space. Each room is lockable and there are two shower rooms in the house. There has previously been an HMO license granted - investors are encouraged to enquire with the local council
"Woodend Road is located within the extremely sought after Woolwell Location. This semi detached home has a driveway, sunny rear garden, two reception rooms, kitchen, bathroom and three bedrooms and is located at the end of a quiet Cul-de-sac."
"A spacious and well presented end of terrace property located in a popular cul de sac and enjoying far reaching moorland views. Entrance Porch, Open Plan Fitted Kitchen & Living Area, Two Double Bedrooms, Family Bathroom, Gardens, Driveway, PVCu D/G, GCH"
"Situated in the popular location of Stoke, close to the Plymouth Dockyard and Naval Base is this spacious period property, that would make a perfect family home. An added bonus is that the loft has been converted to provide a further spacious room, boasting modern and character features throughout."
"VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE! Novahomes our pleased to present this two double bedroom detached bungalow situated in the popular location of Fairview Avenue, Laira. The property benefits from spectacular panoramic views over the river Plym to the rear aspect and is offered to the market with no onward"
• Modern & Extremely Well Presented Family Home • Three Bedrooms • En-Suite To Master Bedroom • Cul-De-Sac Location • Within Close Proximity To Plymouth City Centre • Allocated Parking • Private Enclosed Garden • Moder...
"*Guide Price - £220,000 - £230,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this beautifully presented and larger than average semi which can be found within the popular residential area of Honicknowle. Having been recently renovated this stunning home boasts immaculately present..."
"Guide Price £220,000-£230,000 This tastefully decorated three-bedroomed terraced house is in the very popular area of Eggbuckland. There are great Primary and Secondary schools close by together with local food stores. There are plenty of green spaces, Frogmore field includ..."
"A spacious and well presented mid terrace property situated in a quiet cul de sac well placed for local amenities. Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Cloakroom, Three Double Bedrooms, Bathroom, Gardens, Garage, uPVC D/G, GCH"
"*CASH BUYERS ONLY* This is an amazing investment opportunity to take on this whole building and become the freeholder of two separate apartments. The dwelling holds a two bedroom ground floor apartment, and a three bedroom first floor apartment. with ample space and scope to put your own mark on..."
"*** DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME OVER THREE STOREYS CLOSE TO AMENITIES AND WELL-LOCATED ***
This lovely property needs to be seen to be appreciated, the accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge, study/bedroom four, cloakroom, downstairs to huge open plan kitchen diner, upstairs to three ..."
INCENTIVES AVAILABLE! A selection of lightly refurbished and spacious 3 Bedroom family homes.
"Superb second floor apartment with views over Sutton Harbour & secure gated parking. Complete with large open plan living space, separate newly installed kitchen, refurbished shower room & two double bedrooms."
"2 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location with a South facing rear garden, this bungalow benefits from being on a level plot plus recently updated shower room and boiler. There is still updating to be undertaken but overall this is a great property. NO ON..."
"*** A HIGHLY UNUSUAL DETACHED PROPERTY IN PRIME PEVERELL LOCATION ***
With one careful owner from new, this wonderfully quirky house boasts accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge/diner, study/bedroom three, kitchen, two further bedrooms and family bathroom. The property is on two differen..."
"GUIDE PRICE £220,000 - £230,000 A substantial Victorian bay fronted end terrace residence situated in a fabulous position just a stone's throw away from the City Centre and the railway station benefiting from an excellent range of local facilities and public transport links..."
"**CHAIN FREE PROPERTY IN BEACON PARK** This end terraced house is set in popular cul-de-sac within Beacon Park and is being offered with no onward chain. Boasting two double bedrooms with the master having an en-suite. Rare to find with a garage, this property will not hang around for l..."
"This spacious Mid Terrace residence is situated in a central location near to Mutley Plain. Plymouth City Centre and Plymouth University are also within easy access. The property itself comprises TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, FITTED KITCHEN, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, BATHROOM AND REAR COURTYARD GARDEN."
"Set within a desirable area of Stoke is this beautiful period property. The home offers generous accommodation comprising of a copious lounge, reception room currently being used as a home salon, and a stunningly overhauled dining area which flows seamlessly into a modern fitted kitchen with cont..."
*** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! *** A rare and unique chance to acquire a freehold property incorporating a spacious two bedroom first floor flat with a shop below. The property is conveniently located near the city centre and potentially offers a fantastic yield. Features include; a substantial loft...
Period cottage | Popular South Hams village with amenities | Low maintenance rear garden | Gas combi boiler | 2 Bedrooms | NO ONWARD CHAIN
"FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - IMMACULATE THREE BEDROOM PERIOD HOME FULLY LET TO STUDENTS FOR THE NEXT ACCADEMIC YEAR! Clever Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this fantastic, well maintained period home situated in a popular residential location. The property's situ..."
"LARGER THAN AVERAGE LANHYDROCK HOME! A substantial double fronted TWO/THREE BEDROOM house in a highly sought after location, with great scope to improve or remodel. With a handy loft room and rear garden space, its a fantastic purchase for any first time buyer or investor. Call to view!"
"This beautifully presented, semi-detached home is located with Poets Corner and was built in 2018. Internally the well-proportioned accommodation comprises entrance hall, modern kitchen with integrated appliances, spacious lounge/dining room, downstairs wc, two good sized bedrooms and a modern ba..."
"A mid terraced house finished in contemporary style. uPVC double glazing & gas central heating. An exceptionally well presented home with light & airy accommodation comprising, bay fronted lounge, separate dining room, modern fitted integrated kitchen, 3 bedrooms and a bathroom/wc. Enclosed sout..."
"GUIDE PRICE £220,000-£230,000 Cleeve Gardens is a beautiful three bedroom semi detached home that has been styled magnificent throughout, you have got three great size rooms that have been decorated, off road parking, a south facing well kept rear garden and its near an out..."
"A modern built three bedroom terraced home set in the well looked after Millfields development a spacious 26 acre walled site with security, delightful communal gardens and grounds, of interest to owner occupiers, first time buyers and investment buyers."
"Modern living at its best, these apartments benefit from a bright open-plan kitchen/dining/living room which works well for the way we live today. There are two nicely-proportioned bedrooms and a separate bathroom. These new homes are perfect for first-time buyers and young professionals."
"DC Lane are delighted to present a deceptively spacious semi detached dormer bungalow located on the fringes of Whitleigh and West Park and within easy access to the A38 and major routes. The property comprises of entrance hallway, lounge/diner with large window overlooking the rear gard..."
"*Guide Price - £215,000- £225,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this beautifully presented three bedroom home located within the popular residential district of Southway. Situated in close proximity to a host of schooling, amenities and Derriford Hospital this property..."
"Guide price £215,000 - £225,000
Located on Rogate Drive on the cusp of Derriford and Thornbury we are showing this beautiful three bedroom family home. The property boasts of road parking, garage and a lovely rear garden. A viewing comes highly advised."
"Offers over £215,000 Cross Keys Estates are proud to present for sale this charming semi-detached bungalow which can be found in an enviable position along Darwin Crescent in Laira. The property sits within a nicely sized plot and boasts beautiful front and rear gardens with the rear being s..."
A selection of lightly refurbished and spacious 3 Bedroom family homes. BE QUICK!
"*** NOW PRICED FOR QUICK SALE ***
*** LARGE THREE BEDROOMED FAMILY HOME OFFERED FOR SALE WITH TWO BATHROOMS, GOOD-SIZED GARDEN AND GARAGE, CLOSE TO AMENITIES *** Versatile accommodation and suitable for multi generational living with upstairs and downstairs bathrooms. Accommodation comprises entr..."
"Desmond & Co are delighted to offer this very well presented three bedroom family home to the market. The property is situated within walking distance to local schools, has a great back garden and offers plenty of storage throughout. 
"
"A centrally located, 4 bed, HMO INVESTMENT property. Currently FULLY LET to STUDENTS, producing an INCOME of £18,800 per annum and NOW LET for 2023/24, bringing in an INCREASED INCOME of £19,404 per annum. Positioned within walking distance to Plymouth City Centre, UNIVERSITY and the Tr..."
"The Perfect FIRST TIME PURCHASE, SECOND HOME or INVESTMENT opportunity. This stylish two bedroom apartment is in the popular Discovery Wharf development. It benefits from communal outdoor space, swimming pool, sauna and gym facilities. Set on a stunning waterside location and is within walking di..."
Connells are delighted to present to the market this purpose-built apartment based on the stunning Plymouth Hoe just moments away from the breath taking views across the water front & a short walk away from the historic Barbican.The property is beautifully presented throughout. A MUST SEE!
"GUIDE PRICE £210,000 - Situated in the ever popular residential area of Keyham, this substantial family home offers incredible living space including three double bedrooms, separate lounge, dining room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, ground floor shower room and first floor bathroom."
"Waterside Office* Video Tour Available* An attractive Third Floor Apartment located on the western elevation in the award-winning development known as 'Cargo'. Cargo is situated in the heart of Millbay, that’s within walking distance to King Point Marina, Plymouth City ..."
"Fox and sons are please to bring to market this impressive three double bedroom home located in a sought after location close to schools and transport links.. An added bonus to this home is the open balcony from the master bedroom, Family bathroom and downstairs shower room. **O.I.R.O £210..."
"Fishing For Your First Home in Stoke?... With its range of local shops, cafes, restaurants and bars Stoke Village has become a highly sought after location for first time buyers wanting to take advantage of the amenities close by. Located just a short walk from the village is this substantial,..."
"THREE BED EGGBUCKLAND HOME! A deceptively spacious, very well presented family home in a highly sought after location, with fantastic views out towards Dartmoor National Park. Perfect for first time buyers or growing families, with an enclosed garden, A GARAGE and OFF ROAD PARKING! Call to view now"
"TWO BEDROOM COACH HOUSE Beautifully presented and with spacious accommodation, this coach house offers two double bedrooms and open plan living, with the added benefit of a single garage and parking space. Ideal first time buy or investment property."
"GUIDE PRICE £210,000 - £220,000 Located just a short distance from Central Park is this two double bedroom property in the popular residential area of Peverell. Upon entering the property through the main front door into the hallway, a door opens into the living room and there..."
"**No onward chain**This end of terrace house is situated in Lee Mill Bridge, Ivybridge. The property has recently been redecorated throughout and new flooring laid. The accommodation comprises; good size lounge, kitchen/diner, three bedrooms(2dbls;1sng) and a bathroom. Outside, there is a fron..."
"Beautiful bay fronted family home situated in a popular location, close to local amenities, schools and great transport links. This semi-detached home benefits from spacious accommodation including a lounge, separate dining room, kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom, garden and a double garage."
"Situated in a private gated development this Two Bedroom Apartment offers open plan living accommodation with a spacious Lounge/Kitchen, Two Double Bedrooms and Shower Room. Easy access to Plymouth City Centre and Plymouth's famous stunning coastline, an early viewing is strongly advised!"
"Aspire Estate Agents are thrilled to present this extended 3-bedroom property tucked away on a quiet walkway. Accommodation comprises porch, entrance hall, extended living room, extended kitchen/diner, landing, bedroom one, bedroom two, bedroom three, family bathroom. This substantial prope..."
"Semi detached family home located in St Budeaux. The accommodation comprises lounge diner, fitted kitchen, utility room, three bedrooms and a fitted shower suite. This property has a great 60ft rear garden and stunning far reaching views. Gas Central Heating and Double Glazing"
"Situated within walking distance to the city centre and in proximity of local schools and amenities is this Mid Terraced period property. This home would be perfect for a first-time buyer or young family. THREE BEDROOMS, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, KITCHEN AND MODERN BATHROOM. Early viewing advised!"
"This extremely spacious period home has a host of desired and unique features throughout. It boasts of an exceptionally large deluxe bathroom with a built in comer bath, an open plan lounge diner with a plethora of period features and high ceilings, typical to the age of this sought after property."
"Set just a short distance away from local schools, shops and Crownhill village is this immaculate two double bedroom family home that in every way exceeds a buyer’s expectations. The property boasts ample space from the moment you walk in and is most satisfyingly bright and airy as it accen..."
"This charming 3 bedroom terrace house in St Judes overlooks the lovely Tothill Park, with a good sized lounge, kitchen/diner, downstairs bathroom and 1st floor shower room and 3 bedrooms and a courtyard to the rear"
"****GUIDE PRICE £210,000 - £220,000**** Positioned within the popular area of Stoke, Plymouth is this newly refurbished mid terraced house which is being offered to the market chain free. The property boasts 1,261 sq. ft of living space, offering 2 well-proportioned receptio..."
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, LARGE LIVING SPACE, FAMILY BATHROOM, AND ENSUITE with private access to a swimming pool and gymnasium. This fantastic FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, being close to Plymouth's Historical Barbican and Plymouth Hoe. Book your viewing appointment NOW!"
"A beautiful bay fronted late Victorian terrace home which is situated in the popular and sought after area of St Judes, with great access to the City centre, the Eastern fringes of the City and A38 Devon Expressway. Modernised and refurbished to a high standard with quality kitchen and bathroom f..."
"A lovely three bedroom semi-detached property situated on a elevated position offering views across to the River Tamar. This home benefits include new flooring throughout, low maintenance gardens and is being sold with no onward chain! Viewing highly reconmended! **Guide Price £210,000-£..."
"Situated close to the well regarded local primary school, this three bedroom semi-detached property benefits from spacious accommodation, driveway and large enclosed garden. This well presented home briefly comprises of a lounge, separate dining room, modern kitchen, bathroom and three bedrooms."
"** Offers In Excess Of £210,000** This substantial period home offers well-proportioned accommodation throughout and would make the ideal family home. Internally the ground floor accommodation comprises entrance hall, bay fronted lounge, separate dining area, kitchen, downstairs wc and u..."
"*OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £210,000* - Connells are delighted to bring to the market this recently renovated three double bedroom home in the popular area of Whitleigh. This well presented property offers spacious living accommodation, a large rear garden and an off road parking space."
"This tastefully decorated Three Bedroom Terraced house is within close proximity to Crownhill Village, Derriford Hospital, local schools and providing easy access to the A38. THREE BEDROOMS, SPACIOUS LOUNGE, MODERN KITCHEN/DINER, GARDENS TO THE FRONT AND REAR. VIEWING ADVISED!"
"In the popular location of Mannamead, close to a number of amenities and attractions is this spacious three bedroom terrace property. Offering plenty of space and potential with a garage, large garden and even a cellar space. 
"
"This Semi Detached house comprises lounge, kitchen/diner, three bedrooms, bathroom and gardens to the front and rear. This family residence is located in a popular residential area, close to a range of local amenities, schools and access onto the A38. BEING SOLD WITH VACANT POSSESSION!"
"Set within the ever-popular area of PL6 and just a short distance away from local schools, shops and Derriford hospital is this immaculate three-bedroom family home that in every way exceeds a buyer’s expectations. The property boasts ample space from the moment you walk in and is most sati..."
"***NO CHAIN*** A 5 DOUBLE BEDROOM HMO MULTI-LET HOUSE with CURRENT FULLY LET INCOME of £21,600 PER YEAR benefits from A CENTRAL LOCATION and COURTYARD in the POPULAR AREA of CATTEDOWN, PLYMOUTH.
"
"A charming three bedroom terraced home in Deer Park. The space in this property is pleasantly surprising when you walk through the door, with large rooms, generous storage space and a delightful enclosed rear garden"
A substantial Victorian bay fronted end terrace residence situated in a fabulous position just a stone's throw away from the City Centre and the railway station benefiting from an excellent range of local facilities and public transport links. The living accommodation is deceptively sp...
"**GUIDE PRICE £210,000-£220,000** Fox and sons are pleased to bring to market this substantial town house which is being offered to the market chain free located within the popular development of Devonport. The property is arranged over three floors and offers a lot of space."
"An extremely well presented & refurbished bay-fronted terraced house, offered to the market with no onward chain & situated only a short walk from Plymouth City Centre. Comprising two reception rooms, three bedrooms, newly-fitted kitchen & bathroom, plus an enclosed rear courtyard."
"A stunning three bedroom family home situated in the popular area of Whitleigh. This property has been recently refurbished throughout, making it ready for a family to move in to straight away. On the ground floor is a large entrance hall, with a door leading in to the living room. A l..."
"Set within the ever-popular area of PL6 and just a short distance away from local schools, shops and Derriford hospital is this immaculate three-bedroom family home that in every way exceeds a buyer’s expectations. The property has ample space from the moment you walk in and is most satisfy..."
"Situated within close proximity to the wonderful cultural hub of the Royal William Yard, and a stones throw away from the City Centre is this wonderful one bedroomed upper floor apartment. Comprising slick and ergonomic functional open plan living in the form of a beautifully designed living spac..."
"This particularly well presented semi detached home is positioned in a favoured location, close to a local primary school and overlooking playing fields to the front. The good size accommodation comprises: entrance hall, lounge, attractive modern fitted kitchen/breakfast room, two double bedrooms..."
"Superb first floor maisonette with very spacious accommodation throughout, with a balcony enjoying superb panoramic views. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance area with staircase leading to a large open plan lounge/dining room with an adjacent modern kitchen. There is also a master be..."
"Stunning coach house in Sherford. Approximately four years old, all the initial snagging issues with a new build have been completed and the owners have tastefully decorated this home and maintained it to ta high standard.  Facts you might not know, this property has an energy rating of a..."
"Miller Countrywide are delighted to present this spacious three double bedroom family home in the popular residential area of Leigham. Close to popular schools, local amenities and excellent bus routes all over the city this property really isn’t one to miss out on. In..."
Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this immaculately presented and highly versatile townhouse located within a quiet tucked away street in Stoke. This stunning home has recently undergone a program of redecoration and boasts spacious accommodation which comprises entrance hallwa...
"Beautifully presented modern home split over three floors. The property is situated in a popular residential area and enjoys views over Tamerton Lake. There is a spacious kitchen/diner, light and airy lounge, three large bedrooms including a master with en-suite, garden and allocated parking."
"*** Guide Price £200,000 - £210,000 ***
A well presented three bedroom mid terraced house.
The property has been improved and updated during it's current ownership and benefits from Upvc double glazing, gas central heating system and conservatory.
Upon inspection you will find an entran..."
* BEING SOLD VIA MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION* Centrally located and spread spaciously over three floors and comprising of SIX DOUBLE BEDROOMS. To the rear is a courtyard garden. Centrally located and within walking distance of Plymouth University and mainline Train Station. EPC grade D.
THREE BEDROOM PERIOD PROPERTY - THREE RECEPTION ROOMS - SPACIOUS LOUNGE - BREAKFAST ROOM - UTILITY SPACE - SHOWER ROOM - IN NEED OF MODERNISATION - DOUBLE GLAZING - GAS CENTRAL HEATING - CLOSE TO LOCAL SCHOOLS AND BUS LINKS - REAR GARDEN- GREAT FAMILY HOME - NO CHAIN
"This wonderful one bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next phase at Mount Wise, Plymouth. Plot 5-10 is situated on the fifth floor with balcony, integrated Smeg appliances and allocated parking space."
Set within the highly sought after development of Sherford is this immaculate two bedroom ground floor apartment. This magnificent home opulently exceeds the buyers’ expectations with a wealth of exuberant furnishings and free flowing accommodation. The layout has been thought out meticulou...
A very unique two double bedroom link detached property with the added benefit of a recently converted garage. The property enjoys two outside spaces with a rear garden and a sundeck.
"**SPACIOUS MAISONETTE WITH OUTSIDE SPACE ON THE HOE** Arranged over two generous floors, sits this two bedroom period maisonette, located in a small Cul-De-Sac away from the hustle and bustle. With two double bedrooms, large living/dining space and a roof terrace this one is not to be m..."
"*Guide Price - £200,000 - £220,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this fantastic three bedroom semi detached bungalow, situated within a quiet cul-de-sac in St Budeaux. This wonderful home is packed with potential and benefits from neutral and well presented accommodati..."
"Offering vacant possession, this modern three bedroom End of Terrace house has accommodation comprising lounge, modern fitted kitchen and downstairs w.c. whilst upstairs there are three bedrooms and a modern family bathroom. Located with easy access to schools, shops and the A38, early viewing advi"
"This spacious mid terraced house is well presented, offering ample living accommodation. Benefitting three good sized bedrooms, bathroom and shower room, enclosed courtyard and on street permit parking."
"Pilkington Estates are most pleased to present to the market this wonderful semi detached home located in a quiet and peaceful location. Comprising of a large and inviting lounge, which then opens up into a stunning kitchen dining space which a newly modern fitted kitchen, this home has an abunda..."
"Well presented and extended three bedroom family home situated in the popular location of Clittaford Road, Southway. The property offers spacious living accommodation comprising, entrance hall, breakfast room, extended modern kitchen, generous lounge, three bedrooms, separate w.c and bathroom. The p"
"Situated in the popular and sought after area of Keyham, close to local facilities and parks. A cared for, modernised and well presented bay fronted Victorian property that will make a wonderful home for a growing family. Providing spacious and versatile living accommodation which benefits from g..."
"Connells are pleased to present the fantastic investment opportunity located in the popular residential area of Whitleigh, this benefits from the highly sought after St Peters RC Primary School, also walking distance from the Woodfield Primary School and amenities and local shops."
"**CUTE BUNGALOW TUCK AWAY ON A GENEROUS PLOT** A rare opportunity to purchase this wonderful bungalow in the heart of Eggbuckland. Sat proudly on a lovely level plot with a gorgeous rear garden, this one is not to be missed. Tucked away, and with off street parking this would make a pe..."
"A ground floor apartment in popular Consort Village. Independent living for people aged over 60. uPVC double glazing. Electric heating/N.S.H. Lounge/dining room, fitted kitchen and appliances, double bedroom, shower room/wc. Private parking space. Low maintenance patio area. Communal gardens/gro..."
"1930's BUNGALOW FOR SALE in the popular and convenient location of Laira. With easy access to Plymouth City Centre and the A38, the property is also in the catchment area of a selection of schools. Situated on a corner plot the accommodation comprises two bedrooms, lounge, kitchen and shower room."
"This wonderfully converted maisonette situated within a stunning Grade II listed property. From the moment you walk in, the building really gives you the wow factor. As you enter you are welcomed by beautiful communal hallways with exquisite stained-glass windows and high ceilings. Coming into th..."
"A spacious three bedroom semi-detached house set within a cul-de-sac. The property is located in St Budeaux and is advantageously close to local amenities, shops and schools. It is also within easy access to Plymouth Dockyard and the A38."
"A 5 DOUBLE BEDROOM HMO HOUSE or FAMILY HOME with KITCHEN / DINER / COMMUNAL AREA and COURTYARD with CURRENT GROSS FULLY LET INCOME of £21,480 PER YEAR in the POPULAR AREA of STOKE, PLYMOUTH.
"
"This splendid three bedroom end of terrace property is positioned in a very much sought after location in Milehouse and would make a great family home. The ground floor consists of an open living dining space great for entertaining, a modern fitted kitchen and a great sized utility room providing..."
Connells are excited to present to the market this fantastic property situated in a great central location only a short distance from Mutley plain. The well-presented & spacious property has four large bedrooms & two reception rooms & also benefits from a good sized rear decked garden!
"A mid terraced home with the added benefit of off street parking and front and rear gardens. Situated in a popular residential area, this three bedroom family home must be viewed to appreciate the size of the accommodation on offer. On the ground floor is a large open plan living room..."
"A three bedroom end terrace family home situated in Southway, offered for sale with no onward chain. Benefits include driveway parking, 3/4 bedrooms & enclosed rear garden."
"Two double bedroom home which is beautifully presented through out. This semi-detached home is situated in the popular residential area of Whitleigh and benefits from a range of local amenities, green spaces and schools nearby. The property is a must view!"
"A WELL PRESENTED 3 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE with KITCHEN / DINER, DRIVE for MULTIPLE CARS, FRONT and REAR GARDENS in the POPULAR AREA of PENNYCROSS, PLYMOUTH.
"
"**GUIDE PRICE £200,000 - £210,000** A well proportioned three bedroom family home located in St. Judes, Plymouth. Being sold with no onward chain, and requiring some slight modernisation throughout this property would make a great first step on the property ladder."
"For sale by Public Auction on the 05 April 2023 at Virtual Livestream Online Auction. A high yielding multi faceted freehold investment opportunity, comprising of four one bedroom flats, a ground floor retail unit, garage and additional enclosed yard space with two vacant storage facil..."
"OPEN HOUSE - Saturday 18th March 11:00 - 13:00, contact us for details. OPEN HOUSE SATURDAY 18th MARCH. ONE OFF PRICE FOR OPEN HOUSE OF OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £180,000. Impressive period home set over three floors and situated in a popular location."
"Located on the popular Desborough Road, is this beautifully presented period property. Prince Rock primary school is just a short walk as is Plymouth City Centre, local amenities and bus routes on the nearby Embankment Road. The entrance hall is light, airy and welcoming that le..."
"** Guide Price £200,000 - £210,000 ** This property is currently let out to a family but could be sold as vacant possession. Three bedroom Semi Detached Home located in Laira. Lounge and spacious kitchen diner. Enclosed rear garden. GCH and Double Glazing"
"This Mid Terrace house has accommodation comprising lounge, modern fitted kitchen, two bedrooms and bathroom. Outsider there is an enclosed rear garden and a private parking bay. Situated in the popular residential area of Stoke, the property is close to local amenities, schools and the City Centre"
"****GUIDE PRICE £200,000 - £210,000**** Located within a prime area for student accommodation is this well establish investment property which is currently generating a comfortable return of £17,500. The property has been well maintained over the years & would make..."
"*** Guide Price £200,000 - £210,000 ***
A two double bedroom second floor apartment.
This waterside development offers views of Sutton Harbour and is located within a short walk of the historic Barbican, Plymouth Hoe, Plymouth City Centre and two marinas.
The accommodation comprises, en..."
"This beautifully presented two double bedroom property is tucked away in a lovely, quiet location with a cosy neighbourhood feel, a stone’s throw away from Plymbridge woods. This home has been decorated to a high standard, therefore would be perfect for first time buyers, however also a rea..."
"***2 x FLATS IN SAME BUILDING ON SEPARATE LEASES WITH FREEHOLD***A 1 BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR FLAT with COURTYARD and a 2 BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR FLAT with BALCONY, ON SEPARATE LEASES also with FREEHOLD FOR THE BUILDING and KITCHEN / DINER'S in BOTH FLATS in the POPULAR AREA of ST JUDES,..."
DC Lane are delighted to introduce to the market this double fronted period house located in Mutley and with easy access to the A38 and major routes. Offering versatile living space this substantial property has generous accommodation and character features. Entering the property reveals...
"An incredible opportunity to acquire this mid-terraced house occupying an amazing position with open views over Hooe Lake, Plymstock & towards Dartmoor. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall, kitchen, open-plan living/dining room, double bedroom & bathroom. Garden with views. Off-r..."
SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW SITUATED IN A GREAT LOCATION CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES AND WITH A LARGE GARDEN
"This wonderful one bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next phase at Mount Wise, Plymouth. Plot 5-01 is situated on the fifth floor with a juliet balcony, integrated Smeg appliances and allocated parking space."
"A charming three bedroom family home situated in this popular residential location. Tucked away from sight on a cul de sac location the property does have easy access to the city centre and the local schools. Accommodation comprises: entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, utility room, three bed"
"Vacant & No Onward Chain* 2 bedroom cottage* Modern Fitted Kitchen* Desirable location*  Lounge with feature fireplace* Stones throw from amenities* Courtyard Garden* DG and GCH* Perfect First Time Home* 3 piece shower room*
"
"**GUIDE PRICE £190,000 - £200,000** This beautifully maintained three bedroom terraced family home is set within the popular area of Eggbuckland and is just a short walk from good schools and local amentities as well as fantastic access to the A38 Devon Expressway. The prope..."
"Modern 1 bedroom flat in great condition located just 10 minutes from Plymouth seafront with plenty amenities nearby including Drake Circus Shopping Centre. Selling with tenants in situ this excellent investment opportunity is currently producing a rental income of £6,000 per annum. Conveni..."
"We are delighted to present this immaculate two double bedroom home in a popular location. The property benefits from open plan living, a lovely south facing garden and allocated parking. Well presented throughout and ready to move into, this is a must view!"
"PEVERELL NO CHAIN. This spacious home offers substantial living space, a perfect home for a first time buyer or a family. Ground floor accommodation comprises, entrance hallway, a light and airy living room with bay fronted windows leading into a spacious dining room with double doors, a mod..."
"****GUIDE PRICE £190,000 - £200,000**** Positioned on a larger than normal plot is this 2 bedroom semi-detached bungalow which is being offered to the market chain free. A great acquisition for anyone who is looking for a property that not only offers the potential to extend..."
"This wonderful one bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next phase at Mount Wise, Plymouth. Plot 3-12 is situated on the second floor with balcony, integrated Smeg appliances and allocated parking space."
"Situated on Ronald Terrace, Ford. We are delighted to be showing this gorgeous and quirky three bedroom Semi-detached family home, the property has a kitchen / dining room extension giving the downstairs an extra reception area or 4th bedroom if needed."
"DC Lane are delighted to present a lovely mid terraced cottage located within the highly sought after area of Peverell and within easy reach of excellent schooling, local amenities, City Centre and A38. Located on a no through road the accommodation comprises of hallway, living room open..."
"Guide of £190,000 to £200,000 Superbly presented and spacious modern home which would be perfect for a growing family or first time buyers. Situated in the regenerated area of North Prospect, this property was built around 10 years ago. Benefitting from gas central heating, uPVC ..."
"Located in The Rectory, Stoke, is this three bedroom Mid Terrace family home comprising entrance vestibule, entrance hall, lounge offering bay window and original features, dining room, kitchen. Upstairs there are three bedrooms three bedrooms, bathroom and a private courtyard garden. Viewing advis"
"**GUIDE PRICE £190,000 ** Fox and sons are pleased to present this three bedroom terraced property to the market. The home is complete with bay fronted lounge, separate dining space, kitchen, three bedrooms and a wet room. The property also includes double glazing and a southerly facing garden."
"*Guide Price - £190,000 - £200,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this immaculately presented three bedroom, 1920's style mid terrace on the Stoke/Milehouse periphery. This fantastic home offers a wealth of deceptively spacious accommodation which briefly comprises ent..."
"VACANT POSSESSION A spacious Three Bedroom Semi Detached house offering three bedrooms, kitchen/breakfast room, split level living room, bathroom and separate w.c. There are gardens to the front and rear and the added bonus of a garage. Due to it's location, the property also boasts moorland views."
"GUIDE PRICE - £190,000 - £200,000. Miller Countrywide are delighted to present this beautifully presented, spacious home perfect for families or first time buyers alike. Situated in the regenerated area of North Prospect, this property was built around 10 years ago. On the ..."
**IMMACULATE FIRST TIME BUY** Smeaton Square is home to this three bedroom end of terrace home which is presented to a very high standard. decorated neutrally throughout and having had some extensive landscaping to the rear this property is now ready for its next owner. Call Bradleys on...
"Being sold with no chain and vacant possession, this property comprises of a dual aspect lounge, modern fitted kitchen to the ground floor, whilst on the first floor there are two double bedrooms and a shower room. Externally there are gardens to the front and rear."
"The apartment is a top floor Duplex Penthouse, a spacious apartment offering flexibility of layout & usage with an impressive living room incorporating sitting & dining areas & modern fitted kitchen off, 3 bedrooms, master bedroom with en-suite bathroom, guest bedroom with en-suite shower room/wc..."
"Beautiful bay fronted property which has recently been renovated throughout and is a perfect family home ready to move into. Situated in the popular residential area of St Budeaux this semi-detached house is ideally positioned close to great amenities, local schools and transport links."
"Situated on the first floor, this flat has accommodation comprising Two Bedrooms, Lounge/Kitchen, Utility Room and Bathroom. Boasting estuary views from the rear, the property is ideally located within a short stroll to The Royal William Yard and within walking distance to Plymouth City Centre."
A mid terrace cottage style home that has been superbly modernised and refurbished to provide deceptively spacious and contemporary accommodation. This home would suit a variety of buyers and an internal viewing is highly recommended to appreciate all it has to offer. Benefitting from gas central...
Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this fantastic 1950's style mid terrace home which is located within the popular residential area of Ford. This spacious home offers a fantastic amount of accommodation with a stunning level rear garden. Internally the property boasts freshly r...
"This wonderful one bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next phase at Mount Wise, Plymouth. Plot 4-01 is situated on the first floor with balcony, integrated Smeg appliances and allocated parking space."
"VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE ONLINE. A charming 2 bedroom character cottage in Lee Mill convenient to most local facilities and amenities. The house has been modernised within recent times and is beautifully presented with benefits to include Upvc double glazing, gas central heating, modern kitchen and b..."
* BEING SOLD VIA MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION* Your Move presents to the market this excellent investment opportunity with five bedrooms across the First and Second floor of this flat. This property is situated within close proximity to Mutely Plain & Plymouth City Centre. With the added bonus of...
"GUIDE PRICE £190,000 - £200,000 A mid terraced three double bedroom house with the added benefit of a conservatory and loft room. Upon entering this beautiful family home, you will find a living room on the ground floor along with an open plan kitchen/diner lead..."
"Superbly situated modern mid-terraced house with accommodation comprising an entrance hall, lounge & to the rear a full-width open-plan kitchen/dining room overlooking & opening onto the garden with lovely views towards Plymouth. On the first floor there are 2 bedrooms & a bathroom. Double-glazin..."
"PUBLIC NOTICE - 147 Beverston Way, Plymouth, Devon, PL6 7EF - We have received an offer of £ 195,000.00. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange of contracts takes place. EPC Rating (D) NO ONWARD CHAIN! A spacious t..."
"SITUATED IN A TUCKED AWAY YET CENTRAL LOCATION THIS PERIOD END TERRACE HOME OFFERS FANTASTIC POTENTIAL AND VERSATILE LIVING SPACE. This period property is situated on an elevated walkway providing excellent privacy and positioned within walking distance of Plymouth University, Mutley Pla..."
"***GUIDE £190,000 TO £210,000*** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED SEMI-DETACHED HOME SITUATED IN A POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION WITH EASY ACCESS TO DEVON EXPRESSWAY AND A HOST OF LOCAL AMENITIES! The accommodation comprises Entrance Porch, Entrance Hallway, comfortable Living Room with feature ..."
"Set away from the main road down a small terrace of beautiful period homes we are welcoming to the market Wadham Terrace. This delightful property has both front and rear gardens to enjoy, two reception rooms, three bedrooms, kitchen and bathroom. Book your viewing early to avoid disappointment."
"*****THIS PROPERTY IS OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN*****
With two parking spaces and a south facing rear garden this two double bedroom property has everything you’re looking for. This property would be a perfect first time buy or an excellent buy to let."
"Lang Town and County are delighted to offer this well presented home, in the heart of the ever-popular Tamerton Foliot Village, close to local shops, schools, local pubs and excellent country walks. 
"
"Waterside Office * Well presented *Two bedrooms *Large open plan living area *Integrated appliances *Balcony *Lift access *Secure parking *Close to amenities *EPC rating B
"
Set within the popular area of St Budeaux is this three-bedroom semi-detached home. This residence exceeds buyer’s expectations due to its extensive space and endless possibilities. This property would make a perfect home for a growing family due to its spacious living dining room and a mod...
"Yopa are delighted to be presenting this spacious 2 bed property on Kit Hill Crescent This property has shops, schools and bus links all within walking distance"
WATERSIDE OFFICE *  VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE*  Hoe Court is a purpose-built development on Plymouth Hoe within moments' walk of the historic Hoe promenade offering breath taking views across the Sound and waterfront. Nearby is the historic Barbican offering a vibrant range of re...
DC Lane are delighted to present this superb second floor apartment located within the iconic Grade II listed development ‘The Millfields’ set within landscaped grounds on the former site of the Royal Naval Hospital. The historic buildings and grounds are surrounded by the original hospi...
"An attractive two bedroom first floor apartment located on the western elevation in the award winning development known as `Cargo` which is situated in the heart of Millbay, close to the King Point Marina and within walking distance of Plymouth City Centre, The Hoe and the historic Barbican. Generou"
"This wonderful one bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next phase at Mount Wise, Plymouth. Plot 2-11 is situated on the second floor with balcony, integrated Smeg appliances and allocated parking space."
"GUIDE PRICE £185,000 - £195,000 Located in this convenient location close to popular schools, St Budeaux centre, and within proximity of the A38 and local transport routes is this 3-bedroom family home benefiting from a garage and driveway. The main front door leads into a use..."
"If you are looking for a spacious home or investment this house is perfect. Over 1200sqft, it has 3 double bedrooms, large lounge with separate dining area, good sized modern kitchen and bathroom"
"FOR SALE VIA BRADLEYS ONLINE AUCTION 12PM 7TH April 2023. This property is for sale by conditional online auction, powered by Bamboo Auctions. Place a bid on by 12pm on 7th April 2023. This wonderful detached bungalow sits on an impressive plot, boasti..."
"A spacious mid terrace property in a popular location in an off Road position overlooking a green to the rear. Hallway, Store Room, Downstairs WC, Lounger/Diner, Kitchen, Conservatory, Three Double Bedrooms, Shower Room, PVCu DG, GCH, No Chain"
"Guide Price £180,000 - £185,000. Aspire Estate Agents are excited to present this 3-bedroom terraced house set in a great location, close to amenities. Accommodation comprises porch, cloakroom, hallway, living room, dining room, kitchen, stairs, landing, bedroom one, bedroom two, b..."
"GUIDE PRICE £180,000 - £190,000 Located within the popular East End of Plymouth is this deceptively large home that is being offered to the market chain free. Offering a range of benefits which include, 4 double bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a large open kitchen/lounge and low main..."
"*** IN THE HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER QUADRANT QUAY DEVELOPMENT, THIS ONE-BEDROOMED SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT HAS A BALCONY WITH SEA VIEW! *** In impeccable condition, accommodation comprises: entrance hall, open-plan lounge/diner leading to a contemporary kitchen. There is a bathroom, bedroom and utility ..."
"Commanding one of the finest views in Plymouth this fabulous 2 double seventh floor flat has a double aspect on the south and westerly corner of the aptly named Chichester House. The owners have modernised the flat throughout with replacement Upvc double glazing, an upgraded heating system and ne..."
"Located in a popular residential area, and with a southerly aspect balcony enjoying pleasant views over the communal gardens, this purpose built 2nd floor apartment has the benefits of central heating, double glazing, lift access and an allocated parking space. The property itself has accommodati..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £180,000 - £190,000** End Terraced Home located in the residential area of Pennycross. This property is close to both Primary and Secondary schools. The accommodation offers two double bedrooms, lounge diner, fitted kitchen, downstairs W.C and spacious utility room. Garden and Parkin"
"**CHAIN FREE** Two double bedroom second floor flat with a balcony from the front room and Juliette balcony's from each bedroom and kitchen. Close to local shops, outdoor swimming pools. A must see property. Tenant in situ"
"*** CLOSE TO THE ROYAL WILLIAM YARD WITH SPECTACULAR PANORAMIC SEA VIEWS, THIS TOP FLOOR FLAT HAS RECENTLY UNDERGONE A REFURBISHMENT AND HAS PARKING! *** Accommodation in brief: landing, open-plan lounge/dining kitchen, two bedrooms and bathroom. There is also mezzanine and balcony potential. I..."
"A three bedroom bay fronted mid-terraced property located in a central Plymstock. The perfect property for someone wanting a PROJECT and to put their own stamp on, with some REFURBISHMENT needed. The property benefits, ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN, good sized lounge and separate dining room."
"A mid terrace property in a popular village location, offering easy access to Dartmoor National Park and a host of local amenities. Hall, Lounge, Kitchen, Two Double Bedrooms, Bathroom, Level Garden, Allocated Parking, PVCu DG, Electric Heating, No Chain"
"A 4 letting room HMO property, positioned within EASY reach of the CITY CENTRE and Plymouth Train Station. Currently FULLY LET to WORKING PROFESSIONALS, producing a gross INCOME of £19,060 per annum (bills included). 4 letting rooms (1 with en-suite), communal room, kitchen, shower room, UPV..."
"*Guide Price - £180,000 - £200,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this unique development opportunity to acquire a previously used office building with a residential unit above with full planning consent for conversion into two large two bedroom apartments. The plannin..."
"Waterside Office* Video Tour Available *Delightfully Spacious Waterside Apartment *Extremally Well Presented * Impressive Open Plan Reception Room * Modern Bathroom * Modern Fitted Kitchen with Integrated appliances
"
"*Guide Price - £180,000 - £200,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this beautifully refurbished two bedroom mid terrace which can be found within the central and convenient location of Cattedown. This stunning period home has undergone a program of refurbishment to bring..."
We are excited to introduce this beautiful period property just a stone’s throw away from the sought-after location of Stoke. This property offers well designed accommodation arranged over two floors with a blend of contemporary and original features. The ground floor consists of a living r...
"MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION - Excellent opportunity to acquire a well-presented, spacious three bedroom property which would make a perfect investment opportunity. This semi-detached house is located in Whitleigh close to great local amenities, schools and green spaces."
"With NO ONWARD CHAIN this Three bedroom Semi Detached house is situated in the popular residential area of Southway. Accommodation comprises Lounge, Kitchen/Diner, Conservatory, Three bedrooms and Bathroom. Driveway parking to the front and garden to the rear. Viewing strongly advised!"
"Lang Town and Country and delighted to offer to the market this exceptionally spacious second floor apartment within this beautiful Grade II listed building situated in the desirable residential area of Stoke and within walking distance of the popular Devonport Park and local train station.
"
Waterside Office* Video Tour Available*  Grade II Listed* Close To Plymouth's Historic Hoe & Barbican* Full of Character* Moments Walk From Breathtaking Views* Period Features* Spacious Kitchen/Diner* Integrated Appliances* Separate Utility* Close To Amenities* Feature F...
"GIA approximately 344.6 sq m (3,709 sq ft), Site Area approximately 630 sq m (6,781 sq ft), Possible Potential for Change of Use and/or Reconfiguration, subject to consents, Plymouth city centre is approximately 1 miles to the east, Devonport station is located 0.8 miles to the north and Plymouth..."
"Guide of £180,000 to £190,000 A traditional bay fronted mid terrace home which is located in a popular and sought after location close to the amenities of St. Budeaux and great access to the A38 Devon Expressway. This property would make a wonderful first home and offers buyers t..."
"** GUIDE PRICE £180,000 - £190,000 ** A spacious three bedroom family home located in the popular area of Tamerton Foliot, a quaint village in North Plymouth which offers a popular primary school, shops, pubs and excellent transports links into the city"
"This surprisingly spacious three bedroom family home would be the perfect first time buy. The property has been modernised and is ready to move right into. Situated within close access to the A38, shops,amenities AND a range of primary/secondary schools within 2½ miles distance."
"*OFFERS OVER £180,000* This two bedroom END TERRACED property situated on a CORNER PLOT in Walnut Gardens. The accommodation offers lounge, NEWLY FITTED kitchen and NEW bathroom. Benefits include uPVC double glazing, TWO ALLOCATED spaces, SPACIOUS rear garden & has NO ONWARD CHAIN. Energy Rati..."
"Fox and sons are pleased to present this immaculate, semi-detached two bedroom property in Alexandra road. This property benefits from a beautiful garden to the rear, Driveway and Garage. Being sold with no onward chain! **£180,000**"
"GUIDE PRICE £180,000 - £190,000 Located in Peverell is this 3 bedroom semi detached property with gardens to the front, side, and rear. The house does require some upgrading, but also offers the opportunity to extend (Subject to Planning and Building Control). Please Note this pro..."
**Tastefully refurbished two double bedroom cottage** This gorgeous cottage nestled in the heart of Crownhill offers a wealth or charm and character. Internally this unique home provides a vast amount of space which includes two well-proportioned bedrooms and an extensive sized lounge/d...
"*** Guide Price of £180,000 *** This semi detached home is beautifully presented throughout offering two large double bedrooms, lounge diner and separate fitted kitchen. The property is located in the popular area of Whitleigh close to local amenities, schools and transport links"
"We are delighted to welcome this exctiting development opportunity to the market. This rare opportunity is a true one of a kind and is sure to appeal to a great variation of developers, small and large. Not only does this premises have planning in place for two quite substantial open-plan style a..."
"This beautiful mid-terrace period property has undergone a lot of modernisation with just a few finishing touches left to do, if your looking for a spacious home with not much to do then please book your viewing fast to avoid disappointment."
"This particularly spacious, second floor apartment is located within this beautiful Grade II listed building within Stoke. The property boasts high ceilings throughout and comprises entrance hall, lovely large reception space incorporating the lounge and dining areas, kitchen, double bedroom with..."
"Spacious four bedroom home situated in a popular residential area. The property is advantageously positioned close to local schools, amenities and has easy access to transport links including the A38. This end of terrace house has massive potential and would make a great investment opportunity."
"A well presented, two bedroom ground floor apartment, located in the sought after area of Plympton, Plymouth. Being sold with no onward chain, this property is perfect if you are looking to downsize or looking for your first home. With open plan living space, two bedrooms, en-suite shower, a go..."
"*** A SHORT DRIVE FROM YOUR CHOICE OF BEACHES, THIS LOVELY TWO-BEDROOMED HOME COMES WITH TWO PARKING SPACES AND REAR GARDEN*** The perfect first time purchase or investor property in the popular residential area of Staddiscombe. Comprising lounge/diner, kitchen, two double bedrooms and bathroom w..."
"This two double bedroom end of terrace home presents itself in pristine condition! Due to the year of its build, it offers high ceilings throughout setting off a spacious, bright and airy atmosphere. It features a sizable bathroom with both bath and shower, and a fully enclosed private rear yard."
"A beautiful 1 bedroom coach house, The Saunton has everything you need to call home. Enjoy modern living with the stunning open plan kitchen/ living/ dining room, a spacious master bedroom and a stylish family bathroom. Externally this home has an allocated parking space. Please n..."
"Spacious 2 Bedroom Apartment*  Video Tour Available*  24 Hour Emergency Appello Call System* Residents Must Be Over The Age Of 55 Years*Close To Mutley Plain And Local Amenities* Lounge/Diner * Excellent On Site Facilities* Modern Bathroom*
"
Superbly located with excellent access to local amenities and transport. Well-proportioned 1 & 2 bedroom apartment's ideal for rental investment or First Time Buyers.
"*** SHARED OWNERSHIP - 65% *** This three bedroom semi detached home has a kitchen / Diner, separate lounge and a down stairs cloak room. Two double bedrooms and a good sized single and family bathroom. Enclosed rear garden and Parking."
"Located on Laira Avenue, Laira, we are pleased to be showing this stunning period two bedroom cottage with a 3rd room/ dressing room. The property has a lovely sunny rear garden, modern kitchen and bathroom and a recently fitted new boiler and windows."
"*** NO ONWARD CHAIN! *** A wonderful two double bedroom period property arranged over three levels & located in the popular residential area of Keyham, Plymouth. This lovely home is currently tenanted and could make a fantastic investment or first time buy. Additional features include; living..."
This well presented property is sat in a quiet location within walking distance to central Plymouth. The accommodation both internally and externally is one of the best in the area and offers bags of space for any growing family. With a beautiful sitting room to the front overlooking ...
"*** NO ONWARD CHAIN ***Fox & Sons are delighted to introduce to the market this two bedroom property situated in Plymstock. The property benefits from a fitted kitchen, two double bedrooms and a shower room. This property would be perfect for any first time buyer looking or investor."
Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this fantastic Victorian mid terrace home situated within the popular and highly sought after residential district of Keyham. This much loved family home offers a wealth of deceptively spacious and versatile accommodation which currently compri...
"*Guide Price £175,000 (+ fees). For sale by Livestream Auction on 04/04/2023 at 14:00. A freehold end of terrace Licensed HMO residence in a central location in Plymouth. 8 Rooms. Mixture of Self-contained flats & Letting Rooms. Partially let. GCH & DG."
"*Guide Price £175,000 - £200,000* Cross Keys Estates are pleased to offer to the market this garden flat situated within the prestigious Plymouth Hoe. The accommodation comprises an elegant entrance hall, fitted kitchen/diner, good size living room with feature fireplace, two double bedrooms ..."
"Property Solutions Group are pleased to present to the market this Three Bedroom, Mid-Terraced House located in Plymouth benefitting from a Front and Rear Garden."
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS AND LOFT SPACE - This is a great chance to secure a two double bedroom house with loft space situated in Honiton Walk, Whitleigh. Offering lounge/diner, modern fitted kitchen, modern fitted bathroom, two double bedrooms, loft space, enclosed gardens and off road parking. The mod"
"Situated in the popular residential area of MANADON is this TENANTED 3 bed property, presented with a MODERN finish, benefitting from a GARAGE. Nestled in a cul-de-sac location, boasting a WEST facing level rear garden, UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. This property would make a perfe..."
"This two double bedroom property, featuring its very own allocated parking space is perfect first time buyers or would lend itself as a great investment. It benefits from sizable living accommodation throughout and hosts two double bedrooms, of which the master offers far reaching scenic views."
"This First Floor Flat offers two double bedrooms (one with en-suite), modern fitted kitchen. The added bonus with this flat is that it has an allocated parking space. Due to it's central location, situated in the historic Barbican and within walking distance to the City Centre, viewing is advised!"
"A beautifully presented and greatly improved traditional mid terrace home, which is located in the popular and sought after area of Keyham and will make a wonderful first time purchase. Benefitting from gas central heating and uPVC double glazing, the versatile and tastefully decorated accommodat..."
"Newly refurbished throughout to a high standard this first floor converted flat offers a ready to go buy-to-let investment opportunity. Situated in the popular residential area of St Budeaux, the property is close to local amenities, schools and has great transport links."
"This apartment would make a great investment or first time buy being just a stone's throw away from the thriving City of Plymouth and a short walk from the historic Barbican & Hoe. Open plan accommodation with two double bedrooms, kitchen/lounge & dining area with access to a balcony and bathroom."
Fox and Sons would like to present this attractive two bedroom mid-terrace property located in the sought after area of Stirling Court. This lovely quiet cul de sac development is for over 55's and the home itself is immaculate in presentation throughout.
A two double bedroom semi-detached property is ready for its new owners to move in and make this house their home. Enter into a dual aspect kitchen area which opens into a seperate dining room overlooking the garden. A seperate dual aspect lounge can also be found on the ground floor...
"Beautiful ground floor apartment, located in a Grade II Listed building, with high ceilings, superb views over and access to communal gardens & a gated parking space. With two double bedrooms, private loft space, lounge/dining room, fitted kitchen & bathroom."
"Desmond & Co are delighted to offer this very nicely presented characterful cottage to the market. Benefitting from gas central heating, PVCu double glazing and a very cosy feel the property oozes charm. "
"Two double bedroom purpose built flat which enjoys impressive views across Tamerton Lake. The property is well-presented and benefits from modern features. Situated in a great location, close to local amenities, schools and green spaces. This property is a must view! EPC: B"
"Situated in the heart of St. Budeaux, close to local facilities and amenities this traditional mid terrace property will make a wonderful first home. Providing modernised, well decorated and presented accommodation that benefits from gas central heating, uPVC double glazing and includes an entran..."
"Representing a perfect first-time purchase or possible investment opportunity is this well-presented period terraced house, situated in the popular district of Keyham. The property features a separate bay-fronted living room and a good-sized dining room which then leads into a fitted k..."
"** GUIDE PRICE £170,000 - £180,000 ** Two double bedroom first floor flat with a balcony and allocated parking"
"A well presented, two double bedroom, mid terrace property located in the sought after location of Keyham. Being sold with no onward chain, this property would make a wonderful first home. With two reception rooms, a modern kitchen, two double bedrooms, a good sized bathroom and an enclosed rea..."
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/LOUNGE AND BATHROOM WITH SEPARATE SHOWER CUBICLE! There is the added bonus of a wrap-around balcony. The property would make a great first time buy or investment. Don't miss out. MUST BE VIEWED!"
"Offered with no onward chain is this delightful two bedroom ground floor flat in the popular area of Hooe on a quiet cul-de-sac. The property briefly comprises two double bedrooms, neutral bathroom, modern kitchen, spacious living room and use of front garden. A perfect investment or first time buy"
End of terrace two bedroom property - Ideal first time buy or buy to let investment - Two double bedrooms - Open plan lounge/diner with striking feature of a staircase in the middle - Modern kitchen and bathroom - Courtyard - Easy access to local amenities and commuter links
"Offered with no onward chain is this two bedroom ground floor flat in the popular area of Hooe on a quiet cul-de-sac. The property briefly comprises two double bedrooms, neutral bathroom, modern kitchen, spacious living room and use of front garden. A perfect investment or first time buy"
"Situated in a highly desirable location, this delightful home offers a perfect blend of style and affordability. With two well-proportioned bedrooms, this property is ideal for young couples or individuals looking for their first step onto the property ladder or an avid investor looking to make a..."
"Situated in the residential area of Belliver near Roborough which has its own range of local amenities and regular bus services nearby into the City Centre and within walking distance to Woolwell retail outlet including Tesco Superstore, Lidl and a short drive to Dartmoor National Park is this..."
Miller Countrywide are delighted to present this beautifully light and spacious first floor duplex apartment. The stunning grade II listed property is one that should not be missed! In the central location of North Road West and situated in the beautiful building of The Old School House this is t...
"**GUIDE PRICE £170,000 - £180,000** We are delighted to offer this two bedroom home to the market within Laira with no onwards chain. This well presented two bedroom home would be a fantastic opportunity for those looking at their first time purchase, potential downsize or ..."
"Well presented modern two bedroom terraced home situated in the popular location of Trevose Way, Efford. The property is offered to the market with no onward chain and benefits from allocated parking and a low maintenance rear garden. Living accommodation comprises, lounge/dining room with double do"
"A spacious three double bedroom Victorian mid terrace home located in the popular residential district of Stoke. Set out over two floors this home offers versatile accommodation comprising vestibule, reception hallway, fitted kitchen / breakfast room, sitting room which opens into a dining room ..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £170,000 - £180,000** Situated within the peaceful and idyllic Glenholt Park, available to over 50’s this park home has been improved and currently sits very well presented credit to the current owners. Benefiting from larger corner plot and positioned with le..."
"Guide price £170,000 - £180,000. To be sold with the tenant in situation. the tenant is on an assured short hold tenancy paying £875 pcm. Located in this exceptional residential area is this beautifully modernised and decorated two double bedroomed top floor ' Penthouse' apartme..."
"A superb investment opportunity located in the heart of St Budeaux, close to local shops and facilities. A freehold late Victorian built mid terrace, two storey house which has been divided into two separate self contained flats which could provide an attractive and healthy income. The first floo..."
"GUIDE PRICE £170,000 - £180,000 We are excited to present this spacious three-bedroom semi-detached family home in Mount Gould. The dual aspect sitting / dining room is bright and spacious, and comfortably hosts a dining room table; perfect for family meals. . "
"Offers over £170,000. A modern mid terrace home situated in a tucked away and quiet residential cul de sac with great access to the facilities and amenities of St Budeaux. This superbly presented and greatly improved property will make a wonderful first time purchase and viewing is hig..."
"A beautifully appointed terrace home in an excellent, desirable location. Entrance Hall, Modern Kitchen, Lounge/Dining Room, Double Bedroom, Recently Re-fitted Bathroom, GCH, PVCu D/G, Gardens & Parking For Two Cars"
"Grade II Listed Apartment with sensational sea views & Communal South Facing Gardens. With allocated parking, two double bedrooms, exquisite shower room & open plan living space. Viewing highly advised. Excellent first time or investment purchase."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain this deceptive home would make the perfect first time buy or investment. Internally the accommodation comprises lounge, kitchen/dining room, utility room, downstairs bathroom and two good sized double bedrooms. Further benefits include double glazing, central..."
"PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY!! GUIDE PRICE:. A charming TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM mid terrace home, ready for any lucky new buyer to put their stamp on. With good usable outside space, A GARAGE and a lovely living room it's a fantastic first purchase or BTL investment in Stoke. Call to view!"
"A CORNER POSITION TWO BEDROOM FOURTH FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT WITH DOUBLE ASPECT Hermitage Court was built by McCarthy & Stone and consists of 42 apartments arranged over five floors each served by a lift. The apartments consist of one or two bedrooms, entrance hall, lounge/dining room, f..."
" A TWO BEDROOM SECOND FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT WITH JULIETTE BALCONY Hermitage Court was built by McCarthy & Stone and consists of 42 apartments arranged over five floors each served by a lift. The apartments consist of one or two bedrooms, entrance hall, lounge/dining room, fitted kitchen,..."
"Situated in the heart of Keyham is this Two Bedroom Mid-Terraced property, with added benefits such as spacious Lounge/Diner, two double bedrooms and rear courtyard, as well as being advantageously close to local schools and amenities. Tenanted but being sold as no chain."
*Modern Terraced House *Two Bedrooms *Allocated Off Road Parking *Enclosed South-Facing Rear Garden *No Onward Chain *Excellent First Time Buy or Investment
"***UNEXPECTEDLY RE-AVAILABLE*** A most CHARACTERFUL and spacious ground floor APARTMENT, positioned in a sought after road. Within easy walking distance of Royal William Yard and Devils Point and just a SHORT ferry ride to Mount Edgecumbe Country Park. This property would no doubt make a great bu..."
"1 Bedroom Air bnb opportunity. Coming to the market in show house condition throughout with own door access, this ground floor converted mews flat offers modern living accommodation in a delightful setting. The property is further enhanced with private courtyard and private parking space."
"****GUIDE PRICE £160,000 - £170,000**** Nestled within a quiet cul-de-sac within the popular area of Kings Tamerton, Plymouth is this chain free 2 bedroom house. Whilst the property is immaculately presented is does require some modernisation and would ideally suit someone ..."
"*** GREAT-SIZED DUPLEX APARTMENT OVER TWO FLOORS ***
Accommodation comprises entrance hall, two bedrooms, bathroom and WC, landing, bedroom three, lounge and kitchen diner. A super space close to City Centre with amenities close by."
"*SOLD*We are excited to introduce this three-bedroom semi-detached family home located in the PL3 area, just a stone’s throw away from local schools, shops and great transport routes. The home currently has a great tenant in situ so this could be a great opportunity for someone looking for ..."
"Located in one of Plymouth’s upcoming areas is this spacious two bedroom apartment, just a stone throws away from the Sea. This home in every way exceeds a buyers expectations with an abundance of free-flowing, bright and airy space. The layout has been intelligently thought out to suit buy..."
"A delightful and unique ground floor apartment which briefly comprises an open plan sitting room, dining room and newly fitted kitchen area with a door leading out to a small private courtyard, a good size double bedroom, a newly fitted shower room with white three piece suite including double sh..."
"We are excited to offer to the market this spacious ground floor apartment positioned in a quiet cul de sac location nearby shops, schools and bus routes. This home has so much on offer and its free-flowing, bright and welcoming layout has been intelligently thought out to suit buyers of all back..."
"Charming two bedroom cottage - Easy access to the amenities of the Ridgeway, pathfields green and the doctors surgery - Lovely level and extensive garden - Sun room - Gas central heating - Ideal first time buy or retirement move - No onward chain with vacant posession"
"A rare opportunity to acquire this unique newly built end terrace property, located in desirable, residential location. This property is brand new, however there are some finishing touches to be done. The modern décor and clean finish is stunning with the ground floor comprising of open pl..."
"**TUCKED AWAY IN A CUL-DE-SAC** A fantastic modern terraced house that would make a great first time buy or investment property. The property boasts an allocated parking space, lounge diner, two double bedrooms, bathroom with shower and a low maintenance rear garden. Adding to the prope..."
"A well presented, two bedroom mid terrace property in the highly sought after location of Keyham. Being sold with no onward chain, with lounge, kitchen/diner, utility room, bathroom, two double bedrooms and a rear courtyard this property would make a wonderful first home in a popular location."
"Superb apartment with panoramic views over Sutton Harbour & Plymouth Sound & an EWS1 Form. Located on the third floor, this apartment is perfect for a bolt hole in the city centre or an excellent buy to let investment or first time purchase. No onward chain."
"One Bedroom House with Garden. Well presented one bedroom house within walking distance to local shops and bus routes. Accommodation includes modern fitted kitchen and bathroom, lounge/diner & double bedroom. A private low maintenance garden & allocated parking. This property wo..."
"Are you looking to get on the property ladder? Or maybe you’re looking to make your next investment purchase, this spacious two-bedroom mid terrace property could be the perfect home for you! Situated in St. Budeaux with the local shops, main bus routes to the City Centre and Der..."
"*Guide Price £160,000 - £170,000 (+ fees). For sale by Livestream Auction on 04/04/2023 at 14:00. A freehold mid-terrace central property in Plymouth, split into a one bedroom GF flat (currently let) and a 2/3 Bedroom Maisonette. DG & GCH. Investment Opportunity."
"This beautiful two double bedroom top floor apartment is located in Greenbank, on the edge of the popular Freedom Fields park. The accommodation comprises entrance hallway with plentiful storage as well as a telephone entry phone system, modern fitted family bathroom, two double bedroo..."
"***IN NEED OF REFURBISHMENT*** Clever Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this period end terrace home offered for sale with no ongoing chain, off street parking and converted loft with en-suite! The accommodation comprises spacious Living Room with large bay window, f..."
"A well maintained two double bedroom period property, which is a stones throw away from Victoria Park and with easy access routes to the city centre. Gas central heated and double glazed, this lovely property has a real homely feel and is deceptively spacious with some great original f..."
"Two bedroom end of terrace house - Open plan lounge/diner - Modern Kitchen - Westerly facing, level and low maintenance garden - No chain - Lower level hobby room/home office room - Contemporary shower room - Great location for the dockyard and amenities"
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - The perfect investment property or bolt hole close to local amenities in the desirable area of Oreston. This two bedroom upper floor apartment benefits from allocated parking, two bedrooms, open plan living room / kitchen, GCH and DG."
"'*GUIDE PRICE £160,000 - £170,000** **NO ONWARD CHAIN** A well presented two double bedroom mid terraced house. The spacious accommodation comprises a large lounge, porch, rear utility, two double bedrooms and a bathroom suite. To view please call . ER - D."
Pilkington Estates are delighted to bring to market the unique and exciting opportunity to acquire a plot of land in the well regarded area of Hartley. The site has planning permission in place for two large detached dwellings and would perfectly suit those who are looking to develop or those loo...
Pilkington Estates are delighted to bring to market the unique and exciting opportunity to acquire a plot of land in the well regarded area of Hartley. The site currently has planning permission in place for two large detached dwellings and would perfectly suit those who are looking to develop or...
"A VERY WELL PRESENTED 5 DOUBLE BEDROOM FLAT with BALCONY, SEA VIEW and LARGE COMMUNAL COURTYARD in a POPULAR WATERSIDE LOCATION in COXSIDE, PLYMOUTH.
"
"Located on Honicknowle lane, Honicknowle were are delighted to be showing this large three bedroom semi-detached family home that benefits from large front and rear gardens, utility and downstairs W/C. This is a lovely house so be quick and book your viewing."
"Situated within walking distance to the City Centre, The University and Drake circus shopping mall this is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a recently fully renovated two bedroom first floor flat.
"
"A delightful ground floor maisonette with CONSERVATORY and GENEROUS SOUTH-FACING GARDENS. Corner plot, allocated parking, living room with separate dining area, double bedroom with fitted wardrobes, PVCu double glazing and gas central heating."
"Lang Town and Country are pleased to offer this very well presented; first floor, purpose-built apartment situated in a popular residential area. The apartment is located in a wonderful position overlooking a well presented communal green space. Situated in the convenient Manadon Park estate c..."
"Chain Free! A beautiful mobile home offering stunning sea views, situated in the sought after location of Harbourside. Boasting an en-suite to master as well as a bathroom, this premium lodge will not be around for long!"
"Boom Tower is one of only two detached waterside residences overlooking the entrance to Portsmouth Harbour, with unobscured panoramic views over The Solent and Isle of Wight. Situated on the narrow-cobbled streets of 'Spice Island,' a tiny peninsular steeped in history within the conserva..."
We have been asked to market some outstanding homes in our time but this house truly ranks as one of the most individual and unique homes in the Solent area. The property was originally used by Customs Officers from at least the early 1700's through to the 1970's when it was purchased by ...
"Superb detached property situated on the crest of Portsdown Hill and enjoying far reaching views over The Solent, Isle of Wight and Portsmouth, this ideal family home has been finished to the very highest standards by the current owner and now offers extraordinary accommodation throughout. "
"Your Move Southsea are delighted to introduce this multi-unit freehold block for sale in Southsea with no onward chain. Fully occupied, this apartment block is a rare opportunity for any investors, and provides a healthy annual income. The block comprises of 2 two bedroom apartments and 16 one ..."
"Winton House is a house for all seasons with rooms with a view, this beautifully presented home offers a touch of luxury to family life and an excellent place to entertain. The primary house has 4001 sq ft of living space arranged over two floors yet within the grounds is a 516 sq ft orangery, a ..."
"Periscope House is a uniquely fascinating home located on the cobbled streets of Spice Island in the conservation city of Old Portsmouth, a small peninsular steeped in history on the edge of Portsmouth Harbour. Occupying a bold corner plot, this German, steel and timber residence features eclecti..."
"An outstanding property, finished to exceptionally high standards situated on the much favoured Portsdown Hill Road. This five bedroom house enjoys uninterrupted views of Portsmouth Harbour and Langstone Harbours, The Solent and the Isle of Wight."
"Rare to the market, one of Southsea's statement homes offered in excellent condition. Wilton Lodge is a substantial detached Victorian Villa, which commands a large corner plot on Queens Crescent in Central Southsea. Situated within a short walking distance of both Marmion and Palmerston Road, lo..."
"An impressive, detached home with 2857 sq ft of living space arranged over two primary floors, the accommodation comprises: hallway with 21´ vaulted ceiling, cloakroom, living room, 21´ sitting room, integral garage and 27´ open plan kitchen/dining room as well as a utility room an..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase an established student block offering 17 letting rooms, 11 of which enjoy en-suite shower rooms. The accommodation offers all the necessary communal areas and facilities as required by Portsmouth City Council. The block fully let brings an annual return, in excess o..."
"**FREEHOLD BLOCK OF NINE APARTMENTS**FULLY OCCUPIED: £76,920 ANNUAL RENTAL INCOME**CORPORATE PURCHASE AVAILABLE**CONVERTED IN 2019** NEXA Properties are delighted to introduce this multi-unit freehold block for sale in Southsea with no onward chain. Fully occupied, this nine apartment block ..."
Felton House was built c.1740 with a later addition to the side and rear which has been separated off to create a 3 bedroomed cottage with an entrance to the side of the main building. The main house is being sold with 995 years remaining of a new 999 year lease. The building is located in the he...
"We are pleased to welcome to the market The Tilings, an exceptional five bedroom waterfront home with off road parking in the popular location of Southampton Road, Portchester. This home boasts incredible solent views through Port Solent, Portchester Castle, Portsmouth Harbour and beyond..."
"Occupying an enviable plot directly overlooking the Camber with outstanding views of the bustling activity across the docks, pontoons and the iconic Spinnaker Tower, this superb town house offers generous living accommodation to suit a variety of buyers. With a striking semi-circular bay topped w..."
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have the pleasure of marketing for sale this superb and substantial semi-detached Victorian residence offering a wealth of original and period style features situated in an established central Southsea location just a stroll from the Seafront and enjoying...
"*** NO FORWARD CHAIN *** 10 HMO APARTMENTS *** SEPARATE GARDEN FLAT *** 11 APARTMENTS IN TOTAL *** ANNUAL INCOME CIRCA £82,000 WITH POTENITAL TO INCREASE *** BRILLIANT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION *** MUST SEE *** 8% YEILD *** HMO LICENSE GRANTED UNTIL JULY 2026 ***"
"This outstanding period family home is situated within the picturesque grounds of Marine Gate, a former Royal Marine barracks, now an exclusive residential development over-looking Eastney Beach. Royal Gate is a Grade II listed building comprising just four large townhouses with striking elevatio..."
A four bedroom link-detached period family home with period features throughout and accommodation arranged over split levels with the added advantage of off road parking situated in central Southsea.
Located with in the conservation area of Southsea in the immediate vicinity of the Albert Road shopping and entertainment area and the main line rail link train station of Fratton with its direct links to London Waterloo and Victoria Station. This district was developed in the late Victorian era ...
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this superbly renovated Victorian Semi situated in one of Southsea's highly requested CONSERVATION AREAS just north of the fashionable Albert Road district with its many bars, cafes, restaurants, theatre and variety..."
"** IMPRESSIVE DETACHED RESIDENCE IN PRIME CENTRAL LOCATION ** Situated in a popular road in the heart of Southsea, this detached residence is a home to behold. The owners have done a wonderful job in recent times creating a wonderful abode to be enjoyed by the next lucky owner. ..."
"This penthouse apartment is something special, being located within the prestigious Gunwharf Quay development having a spacious layout with a light and airy feel, this apartment is one up from the rest with a large open plan living room incorporating kitchen with outstanding views over Portsmouth..."
***INCREDIBLE GUNWHARF PENTHOUSE*** Are you looking for a luxury penthouse situated in the requested area of Gunwharf Quay's with secure parking? How about a penthouse that gives you views far stretching views across Portsmouth from your own 60ft roof terrace? If you can a...
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this OUTSTANDING semi-detached Victorian residence situated in an ENVIABLE central Southsea location within the Owens Conservation Area just a stroll from the main shopping precinct in Palmerston Road along with the man...
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this three bedroom mid-terrace house situated in a popular residential road, a short walk from Fratton Train Station and around the corner from local parks, shops and schools. This spacious family home is presented in good decorative order and has accommodat..."
"TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH ALLOCATED PARKING! This well presented apartment can be found along Elm Grove, Southsea, within just a short walk of Portsmouth university and Palmerston Road shopping area. Located on the second floor of a purpose-built block, the internal accommodation comprises; entr..."
"** view our 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this outstanding VICTORIAN semi-detached residence situated in one of Southsea's highly requested CONSERVATION areas just north of the fashionable Albert Road district. With a flair for interior design, our clients ..."
"This penthouse apartment is above the rest, with spacious living accommodation and access to a lift which takes you directly to the apartment, a roof top terrace and outstanding harbour views. Covering the whole top floor of the smaller Lombard Court building, the apartment has views from all ang..."
4 Bedroom Town House situated in Old Portsmouth with stunning sea views across The Solent to the Isle of Wight with garage and remote 12 Metre Mooring. Must be seen to fully appreciate all that is to offer. 
"Set back off the road and situated on the ever so popular Portsdown Hill Location is this moderately sized detached house oozing charm and character as well as far reaching, unbroken, panoramic views across the Solent including Gunwharf Quays' Spinnaker Tower, Langstone Harbour and, on a clear da..."
"An impressive and imposing three storey townhouse located within the heart of the historic conservation area in Old Portsmouth within 100 yards of the harbour entrance and oldest part of the City. The accommodation is arranged over three primary floors and comprises; hallway, dining room, kitche..."
"A 1930´s built, four bedroom detached family home which is situated in an elevated, residential cul-de-sac location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, recreation grounds, commutable road and rail links and within the catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield ..."
"Anglesey is an impressive semi-detached Victorian villa which is situated in a popular conservation area of Southsea yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, commutable road and rail links as well as Southsea Common, with some 480 acres of open grassland. The accommodation ..."
"**VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this OUTSTANDING four bedroom house located in this much requested residential Milton Area of Southsea. This modern DETACHED family home benefits from a bold frontage with driveway parking for several cars, double gates l..."
FANTASTIC south facing extended 3 bedroom marina side townhouse with 11 Metre Mooring. Located on the prestigious Bryher Island and facing south onto the main marina fairway this property is one not to be missed. 
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this Three Storey End of Terrace Town House situated in a fabulous residential location within the CONSERVATION cathedral city of Old Portsmouth just a stroll from the waterfront, open parkland, Spice Island and the Marina complex of Gunwharf Quays. EXCELLEN..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN Days estates Southsea are delight to welcome to the market this five bedroom semi-detached house in the very much sought after location of Nettlecombe Avenue, Southsea. The property is being sold with no forward chain and boast off road parking , celler/basement, 19ft kitchen..."
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this SUBSTANTIAL five bedroom family residence situated in an EXCELLENT central Southsea location just around the corner from the main shopping precinct at Palmerston Road and only a short walk to the seafront. At over ...
"REQUIRING GENERAL MODERNISATION, this spacious and superior FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOUSE benefits from a generous garden, garage plus long private driveway, replacement double-glazing, and gas central heating. 
"
"We are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented three bedroom detached home situated in the sought after location of Mulberry Lane, East Cosham. The property has undergone extensive modernisation over recent years and now offers extended family accommodation. To the ground floor you..."
"***BOUTIQUE BED & BREAKFAST WITH SIX ENSUITE GUEST ROOMS PLUS RESTAURANT/CAFÉ USE*** We are thrilled to introduce to the sales market, this exquisite grade II listed townhouse situated within the vibrant heart of Central Southsea. Awarded the highly coveted, 'Best Restoration' b..."
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this unique PENTHOUSE enjoying prime sea and harbour views across The Solent and Isle of Wight beyond. Situated in the COBBLED Tower Alley just off Broad Street adjoining the iconic longtitude/latitude stone arched doo...
Stunning Six bedroom home with a wealth of original features. Potential off road parking (STP) with views over Milton park.
"Situated on the upper hills of Drayton, not far from Ports Down Hill which is famous for its magnificent views over Portsmouth and beyond, makes this large Detached, Three Bedroom, split level property, one of the most desirable in the area."
"This individually designed and built house was aptly named as it originally started its life as the Still Tavern, recorded in 1733. The name ´Still´ coming from whistling the ´Still´ with the Bosuns pipe. Many centuries ago, Spice Island and The Point sat outside the city wall..."
"We are proud to present for sale this spacious four bedroom family home situated in the prime hillslope location of Beverley Grove, Farlington. The property offers extended living accommodation to the ground floor which includes a lounge, study, WC, utility room and an open plan kitchen / family ..."
"A semi-detached family home which is situated in a popular residential location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, recreation grounds, commutable road links and the catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). This substantial home..."
"An extended, detached family home which is located on an imposing corner plot with wrap around gardens on three sides. The accommodation is laid out over two primary floors and provides 2583 sq ft of living space including garaging and comprises: porch, hallway, sitting room, dining room, 16´..."
"A deceptively spacious and extended five bedroom detached family home which is situated in a northern hillslopes position yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, recreation grounds, commutable road links and within the catchment of both Solent and Springfield Schools (subj..."
"An extended, detached family home which is situated in one of Drayton´s most popular elevated, tree lined, locations yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, commutable road links, recreation grounds and within the catchment of both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (..."
**PURCHASER INCENTIVE ON THIS PROPERTY - PLEASE CALL FOR FURTHER DETAILS** An immaculately presented three bedroom family home in this popular location with a spacious enclosed rear garden & front driveway. The ground floor accommodation centres on a light & airy kitchen/din...
"This detached house is an absolute must see 'stand out' property in a popular Southsea location. Minutes from the seafront, beach and daily amenities. Excellent school and college catchment area."
"*** A Landmark building offering scope for conversion, subject to the relevant planning approval *** Situated directly opposite Ravelin Park, this imposing four story townhouse has for many years been home to a well know local firm of Chartered Surveyors. We feel there is scope for conv..."
Breath taking view of the Solent and beyond. Includes a private Freehold parking space and lift to penthouse only. Two large balconies allow you to enjoy the stunning 180 degrees view even from the comfort of your bed. Open plan living. A simply stunning apartment. Watch the video! 
"This stunning townhouse in a highly requested area of Southsea has been updated and modernised throughout, now providing an outstanding family home with accommodation set over three inspiring and superbly presented floors. Upon entering the attention to detail is evident, with a bright and airy h..."
"TO BE SOLD BY PUBLIC AUCTION 23 MARCH 2023. GUIDE PRICE:  £700,000.    OF INTEREST TO KEEN OWNER-OCCUPIERS IN PARTICULAR, this UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY HAVING IMMENSE POTENTIAL.
"
"Sitting on a corner plot, this extended and much improved Drayton home offers over 2000 sq ft of accommodation and would be an ideal home for those looking to host friends and family. With five bedrooms, four reception rooms, two bathrooms and a south facing garden with a detached bar this home ..."
"Situated a popular residential setting just back from Eastern Parade and the Seafront, this four bedroom family home has the benefit of a driveway with off road parking for two cars in addition to a single garage at the rear. With spacious accommodation, typical of the period and some character f..."
"***DETACHED FOUR/FIVE BEDROOM CHALET WITH SEA VIEWS*** We are thrilled to introduce to the sales market, this large four bedroom chalet in the heart of the highly sought after location of Sea View Road, Drayton. Entering the property, you have space in abundance on the ground fl..."
"** FOUR/FIVE BEDROOM, DETACHED, SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN, AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING ** Jeffries and Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached chalet bungalow situated in the popular hillslope location of Sea View Road, Drayton. Set within the school catchment for both Solent..."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this IMPRESSIVE detached residence situated in the highly requested Solent/Court Lane/Springfield Schools catchment area just east of Drayton shopping facilities and easy access to the M27 south coast motorway. At over 2,700 sq.ft (255.3 sq.m), this large fa..."
"Contemporary living at its best, combining comfort and style with impeccable design and attention to detail! Executive two double bedroom apartment in Gunwharf Quays signature No.1 Building, Boasting over 1,100 square foot of living space and located on the 21st floor. This apartment boasts simpl..."
" A substantial 6 bedroom family home in central Southsea. Benefitting from multiple reception rooms, several bathrooms, and a driveway to the front. As you arrive at the property is approached via a driveway leading into the front porch into a grand entrance hallway. On the left hand side is..."
"This attractive semi-detached Victorian property has a striking front elevation with bay window, contrasting quoining brick detailing and a deep frontage providing off-road parking for multiple vehicles. Entering the property from a solid oak stained-glass front door, the internal accommodation c..."
"Semi-Detached home with four bedrooms, off-road parking, celler and garage. No Forward Chain, book viewings 24/7 online or call Purplebricks Central Team. Situated In one of the Cities most requested locations and offering the opportunity of a garage and hard standing. Found just moments from th..."
"***OFF ROAD PARKING & NO ONWARD CHAIN!*** Beautifully presented, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM semi-detached character residence situated in the ever popular location of Victoria Road South, Southsea offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN & OFF ROAD PARKING! This imposing residence must be seen to be fully a..."
Teapot Row is a landmark Grade II Listed building which forms part of the former Royal Marines Barracks and was once occupied by the General and his senior officers before being converted into twenty-three apartments in 1995. The apartment which is located on the the first floor has impressive wa...
"This beautifully presented spacious family home boasts five double bedrooms. three reception rooms and three bathrooms. Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac close to Queen Alexandra Hospital, local amenities and Cosham train station this is an ideal setting for commuters or professionals working in the..."
"No.6 Admiral Square is a unique property located on the corner of Grove Road South and Nelson Road, it stands out from the rest, protruding at an angle to the road with large bay windows on each of the four levels. The accommodation provides 1372 sq ft of living space arranged over four floors wi..."
"A semi-detached family home which is situated towards the top of one of the most popular tree lined ´Welsh Avenues´ in Drayton. The accommodation offers 1933 sq ft of living space and comprises: hallway, sitting room, 28´ open plan kitchen incorporating dining and family room, util..."
"A detached four bedroom family home which has been designed with open plan living in mind and for those working from home, the property is close to commutable road links and within a few minutes´ walk of recreation grounds, shopping amenities, bus routes and school catchment. The accommodati..."
"We present to you this generous size, detached 4 bedroom house located in the sought after area of Hereford Road, Southsea. With no forward chain, this is an ideal investment opportunity or the perfect project for someone looking for their dream home. Please contact to arrange a viewing."
"
We are delighted to bring to the open market this beautiful family home in the sought after location of Farlington with views over the Solent to the front and Portsdown Hill to the rear. This property is on a row of just three properties and boasts an amazing master bedroom suite with a vaulted ..."
"We are pleased to welcome to the market this exception four bedroom detached property with double garage and off road parking in the sought after location of Skye Close, Cosham. This property is well presented throughout and the ground floor consists of an entrance hallway with access to..."
"Holly Blue is set back from the road behind a mature front garden and private driveway. The house is believed to have been built in the 1930´s with large windows, tall ceilings and a light and airy feel. The accommodation provides 1846 Sq Ft of living space arranged over two floors and compr..."
"THREE BEDROOM HOME WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN! This double bay and forecourt home is located along Glasgow Road, Southsea, with the lovely Bransbury Park at the end of the road. Offered with no forward chain, the property briefly comprises; entrance hallway, two separate reception rooms and a fitted k..."
"Netley Terrace was believed to have been built around 1850, the Stucco frontage can be seen in many major cities such as Cheltenham, Bath and Bristol, townhouses that are laid out over multiple levels which is ideal for city living. We understand that in recent years No.11 was sensitively restore..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this 1930's four bedroom detached home boasting large windows, tall ceilings and a light and airy feel. The accommodation is arranged over two floors and comprises; hallway, 33' living room, conservatory / lean-to, cloakroom and kitchen / breakfast room on the g..."
"An individually 1960´s designed and built detached family home which is situated in a popular residential, elevated cul-de-sac location yet within easy access of recreation grounds, commutable road links, bus routes, shopping amenities and within the catchment for both Solent and Springfield..."
"Jeffries and Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this spacious four bedroom house situated in the sought after hill-slope location of Grant Road, Farlington. The accommodation on offers comprises an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, WC, modern fitted kitchen and garden room to the ground fl..."
"This architect designed semi-detached house was built in 2017 in a Victorian style, sympathetic with its traditional surroundings but designed to the highest standard of modern construction and offering fantastic living accommodation for a family in a popular Southsea location. The property was b..."
Requiring full modernisation and refurbishment this house could be transformed into the most glorious home. A substantial four double bedroom detached Victorian residence with four reception rooms found in a great location in the heart of Southsea. Offered to the market wi...
"Buyers Fees apply - see brochure for details. ""This property is for sale by the Modern Method of Auction. Should you view, offer or bid on the property, your information will be shared with the Auctioneer, iambuses."". A stunning semi-detached house ideal for a family, situated in a sought after S..."
"RARE OPPERTUNITY... A rare opportunity has arisen to buyer this four bedroom semi-detached home in Queens Grove, Within walking distance to Palmerston Road with its range of shops, cafes and bars. The property is set over three floors with ample living space and all four double bedrooms making it..."
TAKE A LOOK AT OUR 360 TOUR! An impeccably presented fully renovated and remodelled three bedroom detached chalet style bungalow with views towards Langstone Harbour from the first floor bedrooms. The property has been completely renovated by the current owner over the past year or so to include ...
"A modern detached residence which is situated in an elevated location and located less than half a mile from the local shops as well as transport links, bus routes, yet within easy access of local shops as well as transport links, bus routes, mainline railway station, motorway commutable access a..."
"**** NO FORWARD CHAIN**** An individually designed and built detached family home which is situated in a popular residential, elevated location with outstanding views towards Langstone Harbour and Hayling Island in the distance. The property has been extended and provides 2053 sq ft of living spa..."
Fry & Kent has pleasure in marketing for sale this FABULOUS Victorian End of terrace Town House situated in an enviable location within the much requested 'Owens CONSERVATION Area' of Southsea just around the corner from the main shopping precinct at Palmerston Road and the seafront. ...
"Beautifully presented FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM character residence occupying a prominent position in the ever popular conservation area of Campbell Road, Southsea. This imposing residence must be seen to be fully appreciated offering a wealth of character features, versatility & accommodation thro..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this truly wonderful and beautifully presented detached family home located in a cul-de-sac in Widley. Occupying a prominent corner plot this property has been extended and improved significantly, has the potential to be extended and improved further and really ..."
"**RARELY AVAILABLE**, Five Bedroom, well presented, South Facing Townhouse with GARAGE and 11m MOORING. This property is one not be missed. Must be viewed to appreciate fully. NO ONWARD CHAIN"
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this substantial 1990's built FIVE BEDROOM detached residence occupying a generous plot 'tucked away' at the end of an ELEVATED cul-de-sac just north of Cosham town centre. Cosham Heights consists of modern ...
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this OUTSTANDING Victorian Residence situated in one of Southsea's highly requested roads located just a short walk from the seafront, recreational park, main shopping precinct and excellent schooling. This PERFECT ..."
"GREAT OPPORTUNITY to purchase this sunny end of terrace 4 bedroom marina home with its own 11 metre mooring at the foot of the garden. Many features such as sunny west facing marina garden, loft conversion, double glazing throughout, summer room and with Planning Permission in Place for further d..."
"We have pleasure in offering a UNIQUE opportunity to purchase an end of terrace town house situated in an ENVIABLE setting in Old Portsmouth and perfectly located within a short walk of Portsmouth Cathedral, The Hot Walls, Spice Island, WATERFRONT, excellent private schooling and the main shoppin..."
"We are thrilled to welcome to the market, a truly amazing opportunity in the heart of Southsea. This unique property offers a wonderful opportunity for a new owner to create something quite special, being arranged over approximately 2600 square foot with huge potential! This beautiful Vi..."
"A spacious detached house with a delightful, far-reaching view over Langstone water and towards Hayling Island. Well-proportioned accommodation including a living/dining room plus separate lounge, large kitchen/breakfast room, 3 double bedrooms, west-facing gardens, garage and off-road parking."
This striking three bedroom Thomas Ellis Owen style terrace is situated in the heart of Southsea in a well established and traditionally very popular residential setting which has been designated a conservation area by the Local Authority with tree lined pavements and Victorian street lighting. T...
"This beautifully presented 1930's detached family home sits in a popular location and offers easy access to local schools, shops and amenities. With a south facing garden, open plan kitchen/dining room, four double bedrooms, two bathrooms, utility room, study and a driveway providing ample off ro..."
"Nestled within one of Southsea's finest pockets, sits this Grade II listed characterful family home. Built circa 1840, this property retains a tremendous amount of originality throughout the house and benefits from red brick elevations in Flemish bond, stone steps with wrought iron railings and o..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this two bedroom SEMI-DETACHED home built by Crayfern Homes renowned for the quality of their construction, set within this PRIVATE cul-de-sac estate overlooking tree bound communal gardens. Guaranteed to be popular, th..."
"We are delighted to offer an opportunity to purchase the three bedroom detached residence in the sought after location of Beverley Grove, Farlington. Set within a generous plot, this property boasts enormous potential and stunning views toward Langstone Harbour from its elevated position. The ext..."
"Situated on the popular Drayton Hillslopes and a short walk from both Solent Schools is this 4 Double Bedroom Detached House. Benefitting from a Large Garden and Off Road Parking for 3-4 Cars, this property has 2 Reception Rooms, good size Kitchen plus Utility Room, Family Bathroom plus Downst..."
"An impressive three bedroom, semi-detached family home which is situated in one of Drayton´s most popular residential tree lined avenues, yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, commutable road links, recreation grounds and within catchment of both Court Lane and Spri..."
"Admiral Square is an exclusive gated development of well-designed town houses with secure off-road parking and situated in the very heart of Southsea centre. Sold with no forward chain, this particular property benefits from spacious accommodation, a generous south facing rear garden and an outst..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this spacious three bedroom extended detached house situated is the sought after hillslope location of Beverley Grove, Farlington. The property boasts three reception rooms, kitchen and cloakroom to the ground floor. To the first floor there is a shower room, th..."
"A link-detached four bedroom family home which is situated in a popular residential location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, commutable road and rail links, recreation grounds and within the catchment of both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The ac..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this STUNNING Penthouse 'loft' apartment situated in an ENVIABLE and highly requested location overlooking Southsea seafront, The Solent and Isle of Wight beyond. Approached via remote control gates, the apartme..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this very individual DETACHED chalet style residence approached via a gated private entrance and occupying a GENEROUS plot with a delightful mature garden. Situated in a requested residential location, this deceptively ..."
"Three bedroom house situated in one of Southsea's much requested RESIDENTIAL locations just around the corner from the main shopping precinct at Palmerston Road with its VARIETY of cafes, bars and restaurants all within a short walk. A much loved family home for the last thirty years, the own..."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this FABULOUS Victorian residence situated in one of Southsea's highly requested CONSERVATION AREAS just north of the main shopping precinct and the many cafes, bars and restaurants associated with this FASHIONABLE central location. Excellent schooling, ..."
"Located with in the Conservation area of central Southsea, situated within the immediate vicinity of the Albert Road shopping and entertainment area this end of terraced house circa 1975 has undergone a programme of re-modernisation by the present owner and now offers open plan living style which..."
"We are delighted to present to the market this BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED four bedroom home originally built in 1896 which offers an abundance of CHARACTER and ORIGINAL FEATURES. The ground floor consist of a spacious entrance hall, storage cupboards, large sitting room with a front bay window and FE..."
"We are thrilled to introduce this substantial detached four bedroom property, located within a sought after cul-de-sac in Cosham, complete with off road parking and a double garage this wonderful property has all the characteristics of a family home, with the added bonus of a spacious south-facin..."
"A detached three double bedroom bungalow in the sought after location of Farlington, with ease of access to local schools and transport. With off-road parking for multiple cars, a garage, spacious accommodation and the potential to extend with the correct planning. Book viewings 24/7 online. On..."
"Delightful three bedroom terraced home with car port, driveway parking and 11 metre mooring situated in the highly desirable Bryher Island. This property is offered with no onward chain and viewing is essential to appreciate all it has to offer."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this exceptional Victorian bay & forecourt terraced house situated in a sought after Central Southsea location within the highly requested Castle Road CONSERVATION Area complete with an array of ""Thomas Owen"" houses. Entering the property from t..."
Delightful three bedroom South facing property with garage and 11 metre mooring to rear. This property is well presented throughout and has double glazing and gas central heating. 
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this modern Four Bedroom TOWN HOUSE situated in a fabulous residential location within the CONSERVATION city of Old Portsmouth overlooking the Cathedral and just around the corner from the HISTORIC Hotwalls (and beach), Spice Island and a short walk to the ..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this impressive four bedroom extended semi- detached house situated in the popular hillslope location of Sea View Road, Drayton. This well presented family home offers far reaching views towards Langstone Harbour and the City of Portsmouth. Set within the catchm..."
"***BEAUTIFUL DETACHED PROPERTY WITH 110FT REAR GARDEN*** Bernards are delighted to welcome to the sales market, this executive detached house which sits proudly on St Johns Road, in East Cosham. The stunning family home, has an integral garage, along with a two car driveway and..."
"A 1930´s built, three-bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated in a popular residential cul-de-sac location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, recreation grounds and the catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). T..."
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this SUBSTANTIAL semi-detached family home situated in the cul-de-sac section of Grant Road located on the upper hillslopes PLEASANTLY backing on to open fields. Solent Infant and Junior Schools are both within a short...
*** KIRBY ROAD *** *** NO FORWARD CHAIN *** *** DOUBLE GARAGE *** *** LOFT ROOM WITH EN-SUITE *** *** EXTENDED KITCHEN/DINER/FAMILY ROOM *** *** SEPARATE LOUNGE *** *** LARGE FAMILY BATHROOM *** This substantial end of terrace double bay and forecourt property occupies a corner posit...
"***SPECTACULAR FOUR BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE AT MONEYFIELD MEWS*** Deposit Paid up to 5%-Developer Assisted Sale-Part-exchange Considered-Stamp Duty paid We are thrilled to welcome to the sales market, this beautiful four bedroom new-build townhouse, in the highly anticipated redevelop..."
"A bright and spacious home cleverly designed around busy modern living. You open-plan kitchen/dining room is ideal for enjoying time with friends and family as double doors from here open onto your rear garden. For cosy nights in, the lounge is ideal whilst still being roomy enough to fit everyon..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale a RARE opportunity to purchase a modern end of terrace town house in this much requested and advantageous location. The property has been cleared ready for REFURBISHMENT with kitchen, cloakroom and bathrooms having been removed providing the opportunity for the ne..."
"***SPECTACULAR FOUR BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE AT MONEYFIELD MEWS*** PART EXCHANGE CONSIDERED*** We are thrilled to welcome to the sales market, this beautiful four bedroom new-build townhouse, in the highly anticipated redevelopment of Moneyfields Football Club, to bring you Moneyfield Mews ..."
"An individual detached property which is currently used a Veterinary Surgery but has planning reference number 21/01431/FUL, to change the use from a veterinary practice Class E to a four bedroom dwelling house Class C3. The property is marketed as seen, therefore consideration should be given to..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this rarely available modern three/ four bedroom detached property located in Sunnyfields, Central Road, Drayton. The property offers everything that a family home needs, situated close to the local Court Lane and Springfield schools and only a short walk to the..."
"STAMP DUTY AND SOLICITORS PAID Days Estates Southsea are extremely privileged to welcome to the market these Six new build 4 bedroom town houses in the popular location of Compton road , Copnor, Portsmouth. The property is let at £2500 PCM returning a healthy 5.5% on investment Stunning..."
"Completed in Summer 2022 and to an extremely high specification this comprehensive, four bedroom, semi-detached town house is situated in Compton Road, North End. The ground floor boasts a 12' newly fitted kitchen with a range of integrated 'Neff' appliances, a WC, two reception rooms, the rear o..."
"This imposing semi-detached property has made for the perfect family home and is now available to view with Lawson Rose estate agents. Having the desirable convenience of its own driveway, a benefit which is arguable hard to find in such a central area of Southsea, the home has an array of featur..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this well presented extended four bedroom semi-detached home situated in the prime hillslope location of Aberdare Avenue, Drayton. The property has been extended and enhanced by the current owners and now benefits from an open plan kitchen / diner, separate loun..."
"This exceptional penthouse apartment enjoys panoramic views over the seafront, The Solent and to the Isle of Wight. The views are best enjoyed from a spacious balcony with glass balustrades accessed via a generous living room on the top floor. Also on this floor is a contemporary kitchen with amp..."
We have pleasure in marketing for sale this EXTENDED 1930's semi-detached family home situated in the popular residential 'Welsh Avenues' on the upper hillslopes of Drayton just a short walk from excellent local schooling and shops. Featuring an OUTSTANDING open plan kitchen/dining/fa...
"FOUR BEDROOM HOME IN CENTRAL SOUTHSEA! Lime Tree House is situated in one of central Southsea's most requested locations. Nelson Road is located within a few minutes' walk of Palmerston Road Shopping Precinct, the Seafront and highly regarded schools, such as Mayville, Portsmouth Grammar and High..."
"A modern, four bedroom detached family home which is situated in a popular residential estate (built approximately 8 years ago) yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, Drayton Park, commutable road links and catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (subject to..."
"Well presented NINE DOUBLE BEDROOM double bay & forecourt HMO mid terrace house situated in the ever popular location of Lawrence Road offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! Arranged over four floors, the exceptionally spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, bedroom one with bay window, commu..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this modern four bedroom DETACHED town house situated in an ELEVATED cul-de-sac setting within the highly requested Court Lane and Springfield Schools catchment and just a stroll to local shopping center, leisure facili..."
"This substantial four bedroomed detached property is light, bright and airy.  Benefitting from excellent room sizes throughout and an attractive modern fitted kitchen, this spacious property would make a lovely family home. In brief the property consists of entrance lobby, large lounge which is o..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN We are delighted to bring to the open market this freehold detached family home in the very sought after location of Anchorage Park. The property has been modernised to a high standard and includes a beautiful fully equipped Wren kitchen (2021), family room, large conservatory, ..."
"Days Estates Southsea are extremely privileged to welcome to the market these Six new build 4 bedroom town houses in the popular location of Compton road , Copnor, Portsmouth. 50% have already been sold off plan ! Stunning looking properties from the outside which offer off road parking, solar ..."
"A modern detached three-bedroom bungalow which is situated in a secluded location on the elevated hillslopes yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, Solent & Springfield schools (subject to confirmation), The Drayton Surgery and commutable road links. The property is d..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this End of Terrace family home situated in the very heart of the CONSERVATION city of Old Portsmouth within a short stroll of the waterfront, the historic Hot Walls, Spice Island and the cosmopolitan MARINA complex of Gunwharf Quays. The property is also locate..."
"THIS SEVEN BEDROOM HMO IS PERFECTLY SITUATED FOR THE UNIVERSITY. WITH NEW TENANTS TAKING UP OCCUPATION FROM SEPTEMBER FOR AN 11 MONTH TERM, THIS IS A PERFECT INVESTMENT PROPERTY. Presented to a high standard and benefitting from mixed use (C3/C4) planning and current HMO licence, this i..."
"Set in Old Portsmouth's popular Gunwharf Gate development is this spacious four bedroom town house offering excellent accommodation for a family and presented in good condition throughout. With an integral garage, residents and visitors parking the internal accommodation comprises; Porch with clo..."
"A modernised and well presented, three-bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated at the northern end of one of the most popular elevated, tree lined residential locations in Drayton, referred to locally as the ´Welsh Avenues´. The property has been extensively refurbished by t..."
"A wonderful character town house located in central Southsea, boasting a garage and off road parking. Offered with no forward chain."
"EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! An exciting opportunity to purchase two shared freehold investment properties forming part of this former semi-detached house. Currently arranged as a seven bedroom HMO, ground floor flat and ground floor studio, generating a joint annual income of £33,559. ..."
**DETACHED FAMILY HOME** We are delighted to welcome a rare opportunity to offer for sale a premium semi-detached property at the end of a cul-de-sac in Anchorage Park.
"*** FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY -7 BED HMO - £3,923 PCM (£4,106 AS OF 2023) * ** We are delighted to welcome to the market this 7 bedroom property, in the popular location of Central Southsea This spacious 7 bedroom for 7 persons with HMO licence property sees all rooms le..."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this beautifully presented 4 bedroom family home which has undergone a huge program of refurbishment and must be viewed to appreciate the quality of accommodation on offer. Offered with a 40' southerly facing rear garden, lounge, fabulous open plan kitchen/di..."
We are pleased to welcome to the market this five bedroom semi detached property with off road parking and large garden in the popular Drayton location of Lower Drayton Lane. The property is a large family home and the ground floor consists of a separate lounge room to the front and a hu...
"We are delighted to welcome to the market, Audley House, a fine example of a Victorian Townhouse. This four bedroom property is laid out over four floors and is located within touching distance of Central Southsea which offers excellent choices with it's wide range of shops, bars and restaurants ..."
"**OFF STREET PARKING & OUTBUILDING** We are honoured to welcome to the market this impressive, extended three bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated in one of Drayton's most desirable roads."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this spacious 5 bedroom family home with numerous period features including fireplaces, sash windows, cornice ceilings, ceiling roses and picture rails. The accommodation comprises 5 double bedrooms, 3 reception rooms, fitted kitchen, ground floor cloakroom, ..."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale a brand new DETACHED house (Currently under construction) situated in an excellent central Southsea location within a short walk to the main shopping precinct at Palmerston Road and SEAFRONT. Spanning three floors, the accommodation comprises; entrance hall ..."
A rare opportunity to purchase a bungalow in the centre of Southsea. This three bedroom semi-detached bungalow has been upgraded in recent years by the current owner to provide well-appointed and comfortable property that will suit a variety of purchasers. The property benefits from a deep resin ...
"Enjoying a delightful and much prized backwater location in the very HEART OF SOUTHSEA TOWN CENTRE, this unique and charming DETACHED THREE BEDROOM FORMER COACH HOUSE benefits from a  cobbled courtyard, attached garage plus off-street parking, roof terrace, replacement double-glazing, and..."
"A great opportunity to buy this end of terrace house with garage which offers flexible accommodation over 5 bedrooms at Port Solent Marina house, with a large enclosed rear garden, GAS CENTRAL HEATING and double glazing. A perfect family home in a perfect location. CALL NOW TO ARRANGE A VIEWING."
"Situated on the Popular Welsh Avenues on the Drayton Hillslopes is this lovely 4 Bedroom Semi-Detached House. With a West Facing Garden, this family home in Merthyr Avenue is a very short walk from Portsdown Hill, close to Drayton Shops and in the catchment for Court Lane and Springfield Schoo..."
"Just yards from the water's edge, a truly rare find indeed: enjoying VIEWS TOWARDS PORTSMOUTH HARBOUR AND BEYOND, this unusually spacious, purpose-built THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT benefits from GARAGE PLUS CAR PORT, gas central heating, replacement double-glazing, and usefu..."
"A fantastic HMO investment opportunity which currently returns circa £41,000 per annum in Gross rental income. With individual room rates including all bills, the property currently returns circa 7% NET at the asking price (at full occupancy levels). Let to professional tenants ..."
"TRULY SPECTACULAR SEA VIEWS are the irresistible and stunning focus of this purpose-built TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM 4th FLOOR APARTMENT which boasts the further assets of SECURE PARKING, lift service, sun balcony, replacement double-glazing, and gas central heating. A superb principal or secondary ho..."
"The accommodation is arranged over four floors and comprises; car port with large storage cupboard, cloakroom and 15´ kitchen/dining room on the ground floor, 19´ sitting room with balcony and bedroom on the first floor with two further bedrooms, the primary one having an en-suite showe..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN - TOTALLY RE-DEVELOPED - TURNKEY PROPERTY We are delighted to bring to the open market Second Avenue. This semi-detached property has been totally redeveloped by the current owners to a high standard and now boasts, three floors, master bedroom with a beautiful en-suite on the t..."
We have the pleasure of bringing to the market this 3-bedroom house which is situated in the sought-after private estate of the Old Royal Marine Barracks which forms a part of a conservation area.
This stunning four bedroom town house nestled in the popular location of Anchorage Park is perfect for a family. The property boasts a double garage to the side with parking to the front for ample cars. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappointment.
"A fully modernised and spacious 3 bedroom town house located on Fair Oak Road. Close to local amenities, pubs and a public field, this property is perfect for families and those looking to upsize in a quiet area, so please call us now to book your viewing."
"Marina Life Homes are delighted to offer for sale this four Bedroom townhouse on the west side of Port Solent Marina. Situated in a quiet road with private drive, carport and visitor parking close by, this property offers views of the Portsmouth Harbour basin and Port Solent Marina, with a sunny ..."
***3 STOREY TOWN HOUSE***FANTASTIC MILTON LOCATION***3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS***PARKING FOR 2/3 CARS***LARGE KITCHEN DINER***GAMES ROOM***
"A town house located in the heart of Southsea, tucked away from the main roads but with easy access to the shops, seafront and the green areas of Southsea. The house has four bedrooms, two bathrooms, a large open plan living space with off-road parking to the back of the house."
"This stunning, well presented 3 bedroom end of terrace house is located in the sought after area of Havelock Road, Southsea. This would make an ideal home for families looking to upsize and be in a central location. Please call now to arrange a viewing or for more information."
"**5 BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE** in the heart of Port Solent. Offering modern fitted kitchen, bathroom and en-suite, along with air conditioning, secure and lockable carport, driveway parking and enclosed rear garden. This property offers a great deal of accommodation in a sought after location. Early Vie..."
"******Guide Price £475,000 - £500,000 ****** NO FORWARD CHAIN. Period character property situated in the heart of Southsea ripe for a new family to make there mark , surprisingly large garden , potential to extend (STPP) Garage and Off road parking. Clos..."
"***MODERN TOWNHOUSE***THREE LARGE DOUBLE ROOMS***TWO ENSUITE***VIEWS ACROSS ST.JAMES'S PARK***CAR PARKING***360 VIRTUAL TOUR*** A spacious townhouse in an open Southsea location. Generous bedrooms, courtyard garden, views over the park, a convenient location with parking and small garage storage."
"Situated on the popular Farlington Hillslopes, this 3 Bedroom Semi-Detached House in Woodfield Avenue has a South Facing Garden and plenty of Off Road Parking. Located in the catchment for Springfield and Solent Schools, this family home is a great size with a modern kitchen, 18ft Lounge, plus..."
"We have the pleasure to welcome to the market this four-bedroom detached property in Drayton. Built in 2015 by Persimmon homes, this beautifully presented home really does have the wow factor boasting only one owner from new. The house boasts spacious living with the ground flo..."
Beautiful family residence within the former Eastney barracks development. This Townhouse is for the growing or established family. An absolute must see property.
"This impressive four bedroom town house is found in a popular residential area in Milton and has accommodation set over three floors. Potentially an ideal home for a growing family, the property provides a stylish open plan kitchen/ dining area along with a spacious lounge complete with Juliet ba..."
"This well-appointed period home has been updated and improved in recent years by the current owner to now provide a comfortable home that would suit a family. With the benefit of a single garage at the rear of the property providing much requested off road parking, the property comprises; a super..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this 1950's built end of terrace house situated at the end of a small COURTYARD setting just a round the corner from the marina and LEISURE complex of Gunwharf Quays. Owned by the same family since new, the house is..."
A fantastic opportunity to develop five houses in the popular Portsmouth suburb of Cosham. The existing planning has been implemented by the current owners of the site. Full details of the planning history can be seen on the Portsmouth City Council website using planning reference number 19/01013...
"******** STUNNING VIEW FROM THE BALCONY OVERLOOKING THE PARK!!! Beautifully presented and spacious three bedroom town house located in a requested location in Milton. Close to locals schools, amenities and shops. The property comprises: Entrance hallway, Cloakroom and fitted kitchen/dining..."
"Chain Free! A well presented Town house situated in central Southsea. Minutes from Albert Road and all it's daily amenities, bars and restaurants. Very good school and college catchment area."
"A three-bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated in a popular residential area yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, recreation grounds and the catchment for both Solent and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The accommodation comprises; hallway, s..."
"A three-bedroom, semi-detached family home which is situated in an elevated location backing onto Portsmouth Water Covered Reservoir at the rear, with views over roof tops towards the City of Portsmouth and Langstone Harbour to the front. The property is need of some modernisation, however compri..."
"The Hadley is a spacious three bedroom detached family home with plenty of storage space. Downstairs you'll find a large open plan kitchen with French doors to the garden and a separate utility. A bright and airy lounge, some handy understairs storage and a cloakroom complete the ground floor.
Up..."
"A detached family house located in the ever-popular Auriol Drive, within easy reach of great transport links, including the A27 along the south coast and the A3(M) to London. The house has 3 good bedrooms, 2 reception rooms, a well-proportioned rear garden, driveway parking and integral garage."
"A detached bungalow which is situated in a popular residential location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, recreation grounds, commutable road links and within catchment of both Solent and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The property comprises, hallway,..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom detached house situated in Auriol Drive, Bedhampton. The property boasts a porch, entrance hall, two reception rooms, cloakroom and kitchen to the ground floor with three double bedrooms, separate WC and shower room to the first floor. Benefit..."
"We are proud to present to the market, this four bedroom semi-detached house situated in Old Manor Way, Drayton. Within the catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield schools, this family home consists of living room/ bedroom, open-plan kitchen/diner with downstairs WC, and three bedrooms and ..."
"Situated in the catchment for Solent and Springfield Schools is this Large and Extended 4 Bedroom Semi-Detached House with NO FORWARD CHAIN . With a West Facing Garden, Garage & Own Drive, 18ft x 13ft Kitchen, Master Bedroom with En-suite this fantastic family home also benefits from 2 R..."
 ** PLOT 3 NOW AVAILABLE FOR VIEWING AND RESERVATION ** ** DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** MODERN FITTED KITCEN ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MASTER EN-SUITE ** STUDY & UTILITY ROOM ** TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES WITH EV CHARGER POINT ** CENTRAL DRAYTON LOCATION ** 10 YEAR WARRA...
"Situated opposite the attractive Alexandra Park, this 4 Bedroom House on Northern Parade has the rare benefit of a GARAGE. Offered for sale with No Forward Chain, the property requires updating, but is a fantastic size with 3 Reception rooms, good size rear garden, 3 Double Bedrooms and 1 Sing..."
** PLOT 3 NOW AVAILABLE FOR VIEWING AND RESERVATION ** ** BRAND NEW DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** MODERN FULLY FITTED KITCEN ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MASTER EN-SUITE ** STUDY & UTILITY ROOM ** TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES WITH EV CHARGER POINT ** CENTRAL DRAYTON LOCATION...
"***SPECTACULAR APARTMENT WITH PARKING AT MONEYFIELD MEWS*** We are thrilled to welcome to the sales market, this beautiful brand new apartment in the highly anticipated redevelopment of Moneyfields Football Club, to bring you Moneyfield Mews This apartment is just one of fourtee..."
"Offered with a GARAGE and off road parking, is this beautifully presented three bedroom double fronted end of terrace house. Benefitting from a bay and forecourt, with a low maintenance south facing rear garden. Centrally located in Southsea close to local schools, amenities & train station."
A very rare opportunity to own a semi-detached bungalow in this desirable cul-de-sac in Drayton. Please call the office to view today as this beautiful bungalow will not be around for long!
"A SIX BEDROOM HMO BENEFITTING FROM AN ESTABLISHED RENTAL HISTORY BOASTING C3/C4 PLANNING USE. LET FOR THE NEXT YEAR (STARTING THE 1st OF AGUST) ON A 12 MONTH TENANCY AT £3,389 PER CALENDAR MONTH, THIS PROPERTY IN NOT TO BE MISSED! Returning circa 9% gross on investment at the as..."
** PLOT 4 NOW AVAILABLE FOR VIEWING AND RESERVATION ** ** DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** MODERN FITTED KITCEN ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MASTER EN-SUITE ** STUDY & UTILITY ROOM ** TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES WITH EV CHARGER POINT ** CENTRAL DRAYTON LOCATION ** 10 YEAR WARRAN...
"Outstanding three bedroom PENTHOUSE apartment situated on the top floor of this requested, security gated residential apartment complex located in the heart of Old Portsmouth just around the corner from the cosmopolitan MARINA complex at Gunwharf Quays and Wight Link Ferry terminal while the loca..."
"Rarely will you see such a well-appointed apartment with direct views across The Camber, the historic inner harbour of Portsmouth. This impressive first-floor apartment is set within the Old Portsmouth conservation area which is steeped in history, with some of the oldest buildings in the city, i..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this IMPRESSIVE 'corner' apartment situated on the first floor of Blake House which is located close to the harbours edge and marina. Gunwharf Quays hosts many cafes, restaurants and bars together with numerous ..."
"Jeffries and Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom detached bungalow situated in the sought after location of South Road, Drayton. Offered with no forward chain, this property boasts an approx. 73' rear garden, own driveway and garage, conservatory, a four piece bathroom suit..."
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** PART EXCHANGE OPTION CONSIDERED ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this OUTSTANDING single bay and forecourt family home situated within the Campbell Road CONSERVATION area close to the popular Albert Road district of Southsea with its eclectic range ...
"***EXCLUSIVE NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT! ONLY FOUR PROPERTIES! PRIVATE MEWS!*** We are thrilled to welcome to the sales market, this beautiful three bedroom new build property, situated on Merrion Close, a newly created mews in Drayton within a five minute walk of the Havant Road in Drayton"
Beals are delighted to bring to market this beautifully renovated and spacious six bedroom house in Oriel Road North End.
"Situated towards the popular Eastern end of Locksway Road, close by to the waters edge and overlooking the local playing fields is this double bay terraced home with the super added benefits of garaging and outbuilding/summer house. With accommodation set over 3 floors this substantial home enj..."
** PLOT 4 NOW AVAILABLE FOR VIEWING AND RESERVATION ** BRAND NEW DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** MODERN FULLY FITTED KITCHEN ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MASTER EN-SUITE ** STUDY & UTILITY ROOM ** DRIVEWAY PROVIDING TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES WITH EV CHARGER POINT ** CENTRAL...
"Found on a popular Road within the PO4 postcode and situated in close proximity to the local Infant and Junior schools is this substantial double bay and forecourt home which benefits in having five bedrooms, an extended kitchen and a open plan dining/family room providing ideal space for a growi..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this 3 bedroom end of terrace family home, with garage, located within the sought after Military Road, Hilsea. The accommodation comprises 3 bedrooms, lounge, separate dining room, fitted kitchen, conservatory, ground floor WC and first floor bathroom. The propert..."
Rarely available Three bedroom family home located within in this much sought after location.Having the benefit of a shared driveway and large garage.
This three bedroom semi-detached house is beautifully presented and spacious throughout. The property benefits from a driveway and garage and is nestled in an extremely popular location. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappointment.
"This stunning four bedroom end of terrace house is a must see. Situated in a popular location within Southsea the property benefits from two reception rooms, open plan kitchen/dining area, downstairs shower room, upstairs bathroom with an additional toilet on the middle floor, well maintained rea..."
"OFF ROAD PARKING FOR THREE/FOUR VEHICLES! We are delighted to offer for sale this luxurious, three bedroom semi-detached residence located in Mark Close, Hilsea. With attention to detail and appealing features, this property offers a selection of benefits. Accommodation comprises a 19ft living ro..."
"A three bedroom, detached bungalow with private tarmac driveway leading to garage, enclosed rear garden and side pedestrian access, the bungalow is within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, surgeries, recreation grounds and withing the catchment of both Court Lane and Springfiel..."
"Offered for sale with NO FOWARD CHAIN, this Gorgeous 5/6 Double Bedroom House has been lovingly modernised to a high standard by the current owners. With a beautiful 24ft Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Master Bedroom with En-suite plus 3 additional Shower Rooms, Contemporary Decor, Double Glazing and..."
"***Complete onward chain*** A modernised four-bedroom doubly extended home which comprises; hallway, sitting room, open plan 18´ kitchen / dining room and cloakroom on the ground floor with four bedrooms and a shower room on the first floor. Being situated in a popular residential location y..."
"We are delighted to welcome to market substantial three bedroom property located in the heart of Portsmouth with ample living space throughout, three double bedrooms and spacious garage."
"An extended, four bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated in popular residential cul-de-sac location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, commutable road links, recreation grounds and catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (subject to confirma..."
"This WONDERFUL property situated in the heart of Southsea. The property benefits from four bedrooms, allocated parking and no forward chain. Viewings are highly recommended to avoid disappointment. Call the team to book your viewing today. EPC Grade C Council Tax Band E"
Own a piece of Portsmouth History ! Days estates Southsea are delighted to welcome to the market this rare opportunity to purchase a Grade 2 listed detached four double bedroom property with off road parking !. Built in circa 1810 this former dairy has been beautifully renovated by the current ...
"Beautifully presented and spacious is this four bedroom double bay fronted family home located in Cedar Grove. This property is offered with no onward chain and a GARAGE!. The property comprises: Entrance hallway, lounge, open plan kitchen/dining room, Sun room/Family room at the rear and downst..."
"IDEAL FAMILY HOME IN POPULAR BAFFINS LOCATION: WALKING DISTANCE TO BAFFINS POND AND A RANGE OF SHOPS AND CAFE'S: GARAGE: Four bedroom end of terraced house in the popular location of Baffins, within walking distance to Langstone Infant School and Langstone Junior School this property ..."
"Located in the popular Welsh Avenues, with a West Facing Garden and Parking for 2-3 Cars is this 3 Bedroom Semi-Detached House. Offered for sale with No Forward Chain this property in Aberdare Avenue on the Drayton Hillslopes, is a short walk from Drayton Shops plus in the catchment for Spring..."
*ALLOCATED GATED PARKING* *BALCONY* *LIFT* *BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED* *MODERN FITTED KITCHEN* *UNFLOOR HEATING* NEW KITCHEN WITH BUILT IN APPLIANCES INCLUDING KUOOKER TAP AND WATER FILTER* We are pleased to offer for sale this SUPERB Two bedroom apartment located in the ever popular Blue...
"*Unexpectedly re-available due to probate delays which have now been resolved * Jeffries and Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom semi-detached house situated in the cul-de-sac hillslope location of St. Colmans Avenue, Cosham. Offered with no forward chain, this property doe..."
"***EXCLUSIVE NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT! ONLY FOUR PROPERTIES! PRIVATE MEWS!*** We are thrilled to welcome to the sales market, this beautiful three bedroom new build property, situated on Merrion Close, a newly created mews in Drayton within a five minute walk of the Havant Road in Dray..."
"A recently updated and redecorated, three bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated in a popular residential location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, commutable road and rail links and the catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (subject to ..."
"Take advantage of the flexible space this home has to offer. Through the front door you're welcome by a handy ground floor study followed by a spacious open-plan kitchen, dining and family area with French doors that lead out to your garden. Up the first flight of stairs you'll discover a comfort..."
"This substantial and well presented semi-detached residence located in Gatcombe Avenue, Copnor is available for sale with Jeffries & Dibbens of Portsmouth. This property boasts five bedrooms over two floors in addition to a modern family bathroom to the first floor and an en-suite shower room..."
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this BEAUTIFULLY presented three bedroom semi-detached house situated in a highly requested RESIDENTIAL setting just a short walk of Drayton shopping facilities and within the favoured Court Lane & Springfield schoo...
"SUBSTANTIAL FIVE BEDROOM HOUSE! We are delighted to offer for sale this comprehensive, five bedroom semi-detached residence in Elmwood Road, Hilsea. Situated in the popular 'Wood' estate, this property offers a selection of benefits including a shared driveway and potential for off road parking a..."
"You can enjoy plenty of space and light in this three bedroom semi detached home set over three floors.
On the ground floor you'll find an open plan kitchen with glazed bay and French doors leading to your garden together with a handy study. A cloakroom and some handy understairs storage complete..."
"A luxurious first floor apartment with uninterrupted views over the Harbour and across to Old Portsmouth, sold with no forward chain. Presented in immaculate condition throughout, this spacious two bedroom apartment benefits from a sunny southerly aspect balcony, secure gated underground parking ..."
**TOP FLOOR DUPLEX PENTHOUSE APARTMENT**THREE BEDROOMS**PANORAMIC VIEWS OF THE SOLENT AND ISLE OF WIGHT BEYOND**ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE**BALCONIES FROM MASTER BEDROOM AND LOUNGE**ENSUITE SHOWER ROOM TO MASTER BEDROOM**KITCHEN PLUS ELEVATED DINING AREA**VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VIA BUSHNELL PORTER*
Well presented and SPACIOUS 2 double bedroom first floor apartment in the sought after location in Arethusa House in Gunwharf Quays. The apartment is beautifully presented throughout comprising of large living area including dual aspect windows with double doors to modern fitted kitc...
"TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH GARAGE & NO FORWARD CHAIN! Situated in Old Portsmouth along a cobbled street and opposite the historic Royal Garrison Church, is this first floor apartment in Old Harbour Mews, Penny Street. Constructed circa. 2001 the complex features a gated entrance, lift access ..."
** BRAND NEW DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** MODERN FULLY FITTED KITCEN ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MASTER EN-SUITE ** STUDY & UTILITY ROOM ** TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES WITH EV CHARGER POINT ** CENTRAL DRAYTON LOCATION ** 10 YEAR WARRANTY ** Vieiwng is strongly recommended...
"**OFF STREET PARKING & GARAGE** We are honoured to welcome to the market this stunning four bedroom end of terrace in the highly sought after location of Cosham, Portsmouth."
"***THREE BEDROOMS 1930'S PROPERTY IN DRAYTON WITH A GARAGE*** We are delighted to introduce to the sales market, this spacious three bedroom, mid terrace property, in the highly sought after location of Dysart Avenue, Drayton. This wonderfully spacious property would make a fan..."
"Landlord to Landlord Crossover Sale / Buy To Let Opportunity - This period semi detached house has in years gone by been converted into three self contained units. The building offers two self contained - One bed apartments and one, three bed split level maisonette apartment. Current rental inco..."
 ** PLOT 2 NOW AVAILABLE FOR VIEWING AND RESERVATION ** ** DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** MODERN FITTED KITCEN ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MASTER EN-SUITE ** STUDY & UTILITY ROOM ** TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES WITH EV CHARGER POINT ** CENTRAL DRAYTON LOCATION ** 10 YEAR WARRA...
***FIVE DOUBLE ROOMS***STUNNING COMTEMPORARY INTERIOR***BIFOLD DOORS TO GARDEN***OPEN PLAN GROUND FLOOR***360 TOUR*** Beautiful contemporary interior to this substantial five bed home. Fabulous kitchen with bi-fold doors to a garden perfect for entertaining. A property not to be missed.
"We are delighted to bring you this well presented, modern 5 bed family home with a smartly converted summer house with bar, located in the highly sought after area of Drayton in this peaceful cul-de-sac in easy reach of OFSTED Good school & local amenities."
"STUNNING EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM HOME WITH DOUBLE GARAGE! A beautiful extended, extensively renovated bay and forecourt home located along Meon Road, Southsea. Found within close proximity to an array of local amenities, the property is sure to catch the eye of those looking for a family home with..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this 3 bedroom semi detached home with garage and off road parking. Located in the extremely convenient area close to amenities and a just a short walk to Southsea Seafront, Southsea Common, Palmerston Road Shopping Precinct, Albert Road, Gunwharf Quays and severa..."
" ***PURCHASER INCENTIVE AVAILABLE ON THIS PROPERTY - CALL FOR FURTHER DETAILS*** Located in the highly sought-after Arethusa House, Gunwharf Quays is an immaculately presented, first floor apartment boasting views across the Harbour and Old Portsmouth. Offered with no forward cha..."
***HEART OF SOUTHSEA***THREE RECEPTIONS***THREE BEDROOMS***UPGRADE OPPORTUNITY***ORIGINAL FEATURES***VIRTUAL TOUR***A not-available-often opportunity to refurbish a delightful terraced property in Southsea with functioning kitchen and bathroom. Definitely worth a look for a keen DIYer.
"A three-storey townhouse which is situated in a popular residential, estate location yet within easy access of local commutable road links, shopping amenities, recreation grounds and within the catchment for Admiral Lord Nelson School (subject to confirmation). The accommodation is arranged over ..."
"An impressive first floor maisonette situated in Craneswater Avenue, one of the Southsea's most prestigious sought-after locations. Offered with a share of the freehold, this sizable home has accommodation set over three floors. Upon entering, a return staircase takes you to a spacious landin..."
"A detached, three bedroom bungalow which is situated in a popular, elevated location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, commutable road links, recreation grounds and within the catchment for both Solent and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The property ..."
We are pleased to offer for sale this excellent INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY located on Britannia Road North within a short walk to Fratton railway station and all local amenities. Divided into two separate SELF CONTAINED APARTMENTS under the one freehold dwelling with both currently under annual AST a...
"DETACHED RESIDENCE WITH A GARAGE! We are proud to offer the rare opportunity to purchase this four bedroom, detached property located in the popular location of Meredith Road, Hilsea. Complete with original features, this detached property makes an excellent addition to the sales market and offer..."
This 1950's semi-detached house is situated in a desirable area overlooking fields at the rear. A beautifully presented home for someone to enjoy and make it their home for many years to come. Viewing highly recommended as it will not disappoint!
"This exceptional three-bedroom apartment is situated on the top floor of this attractive period building which stands prominently on Clarence Parade. Offering far-reaching views of Southsea seafront, The Solent and Isle of Wight, and in the other direction views across the rooftops of Portsmouth ..."
Your Move are delighted to bring this superbly proportioned property in a highly desirable road in Southsea to the sales market. Viewings highly recommend to appreciate the size of this property.
"***GARAGE & OFF ROAD PARKING!*** Deceptively spacious & extended, double bay fronted THREE BEDROOM end of terrace character family home situated in the ever popular location of Lonsdale Avenue offered with GARAGE & DRIVEWAY! Well presented throughout, the spacious accommodation compri..."
Offered with no forward chain! Beals are delighted to welcome this stunning semi detached family in home in the popular location of Chatsworth Road. the property has ample living space with off road parking and a garage to the side. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappointment.
Look at this stunning town house in a very popular location. Flexible accommodation throughout for the modern growing or established family. Transport links in and out of the area are very good.
"The Moresby is a three bedroom home with a bright and airy lounge and a modern kitchen with dining space and French doors to the garden. Downstairs, there's also a cloakroom and a handy storage space in the hallway. Upstairs, you'll find the main bedroom with en suite, one further double bedroom..."
** PLOT 1 NOW AVAILABLE FOR VIEWING AND RESERVATION ** ** DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** MODERN FITTED KITCEN ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MASTER EN-SUITE ** STUDY & UTILITY ROOM ** TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES WITH EV CHARGER POINT ** CENTRAL DRAYTON LOCATION ** 10 YEAR WARRAN...
"We are delighted to welcome to the market this stunning four bedroom property situated in the heart of Portsmouth with ample living space, four double bedrooms and a generously sized garage."
Fry & Kent is delighted to offer For Sale this prominent building in the popular Albert Road Shopping & Leisure district of Southsea. There is potential subject to planning and alteration to create residential accommodation on the upper floors and the adjoining property has carried out a ...
"A well presented three bedroom, double bay and forecourt semi-detached home which is situated in a popular residential location and is within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, commutable road links and within catchment of local schools (subject to confirmation). The accommodati..."
"This deceptively large terraced property has been extended into the roof space to provide four bedrooms and offers a wealth of period features, high ceilings and a neutral decor throughout. The spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, two reception rooms with tall period folding doors sep..."
"Jeffries and Dibbens offer to the market this three bedroom semi-detached house situated in the hillslope location of Woodfield Avenue, Farlington. The property boasts two separate reception rooms, kitchen, conservatory and WC to the ground floor with three bedrooms and a bathroom to the first fl..."
** FIVE BEDROOM HOUSE WITH GARAGE TO REAR ** We are pleased to welcome to market this stunning five bedroom family home in the heart of Portsmouth.
"SPECTACULAR and almost unrivalled MARITIME VIEWS are the notable feature of this well-appointed and attractively presented purpose-built TWO BEDROOM TOP (3rd) FLOOR APARTMENT (please note, no lift) just yards from the harbour's edge. 
"
Brand new to the market situated on a corner plot with massive potential to extend further or development opportunities we are delighted to welcome this three bedroom semi detached home with far more then meets the eye.
"A stunning terraced family home, completely refurbished throughout and situated in the heart of Baffins. Offered with no onward chain, this really is a must see!"
"***EXCLUSIVE NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT! ONLY FOUR PROPERTIES! PRIVATE MEWS!*** ***Guide price £400,000- £425,000*** We are thrilled to welcome to the sales market, this beautiful three bedroom new build property, situated on Merrion Close, a newly created mews in Drayton within a fi..."
"***UNIQUE SOUTHSEA PROPERTY WITH COURTYARD GARDEN!***Beautifully presented & stunning THREE BEDROOM LINK DETACHED HOUSE with courtyard garden situated in the highly sought after location of Marmion Road, Southsea offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! This incredibly unique & modern property is tu..."
***BEAUTIFUL THREE BEDROOM END-OF-TERRACE*** We are delighted to welcome to the sales market this beautiful three bedroom end-of-terrace property on the highly desired Locksway Road in Eastney The size and finish on offer must be seen on this property as it provides excellent sp...
"This three bedroom home has a light and spacious ground floor with an open-plan kitchen, dining and family area with French doors opening onto the garden. On the ground floor there is also a cloakroom, storage cupboard and space for a home office. On the first floor you'll find the main bedroom w..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this beautiful detached family home, situated on Merrion Close, a newly created mews in Drayton within a five minute walk of the Havant Road in Drayton Externally, this property enjoys prominence as one of only four on a private road, allowing for enhanced p..."
"An extended four bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated within close proximity of local shops, bus routes, surgeries, commutable road links and within the catchment of both Solent and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The accommodation is arranged over three floors and ..."
***FIVE BEDROOMS***OFF ROAD PARKING***EXTENDED FAMILY HOME***DRAYTON***
"This stylish modern home could be the ideal 3-bedroom link detached property that could suit many buyers. Combined with its great location being so close to the waterfront, just a short stroll away with views of Spinnaker Tower & Portchester Castle"
"3 bedroom townhouse located in the heart of Port Solent Marina. Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac with private drive, carport and ample visitor parking close by, this property represents excellent value for money for someone looking to experience the lifestyle that is Port Solent. A viewing is highl..."
"Offered with no forward chain! We are delighted to welcome to market this three-bedroom mid terrace house in a central location close to Southsea Seafront and local shops and amenities. The property boasts three reception rooms, downstairs WC, upstairs bathroom and low maintenance rear garden. Th..."
"LOCATED ONE STREET BACK FROM THE SEAFRONT, THIS SUBSTANTIAL PROPERTY HAS BEEN USED AS AN HMO IN RECENT YEARS, HOWEVER DUE TO THE FANTASTIC LOCATION AND AMPLE ACCOMODATION WE FEEL WOULD EQUALLY SUITE AN OWNER/OCCUPIER. Boasting three ground floor reception rooms, along with the kitchen, u..."
"Rarely available opportunity to purchase a two bedroom penthouse apartment in Grade II listed building, with large roof terrace, offering amazing panoramic views of Southsea seafront and surround, with the added benefit of an allocated parking space in secure car park. Viewing essential. NO ONW..."
"This three bedroom home boasts an open-plan kitchen and dining area with French doors leading to the garden. A spacious lounge perfect for relaxing and a downstairs W/C complete the first floor.
Upstairs, discover two double bedrooms, the main with an en suite, a further single bedroom and a fami..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN Days Estates Southsea Ltd, are delighted to welcome to the market this three double bedroom end of terrace house in the much sought after Northern Parade. The property is being offered with no forward chain, and boasts a new fitted open plan kitchen, modern bathroom , be-spok..."
"***FOUR BEDROOMS***LARGE LOFT ROOM WITH EN-SUITE***EXTENDED DOWNSTAIRS***MODERN KITCHEN AND FAMILY BATHROOM***DOUBLE GARAGE***360 TOUR Lovely four bedroomed house with plenty of living space. Modern kitchen, bathroom and super loft extension. Also benefits from a double garage."
"Offered with no forward chain! Beal's are delighted to welcome to market this stunning and recently renovated bay and forecourt mid-terrace house in a brilliant location. The property benefits from two reception rooms. modern fitted kitchen, modern downstairs bathroom and a sun room leading to a ..."
"AN EXCITING INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY SITUATED DIRECTLY OPPOSSITE THE CITY CENTRE CAMPUS. This FIVE BEDROOM HMO currently generates a healthy gross return and is ideally situated for students. This spacious apartment is laid out over three floors of an historic building, with the ..."
"+++++NO FORWARD CHAIN+++++
We are delighted to bring to the open market this family home in the sought after location of Drayton. The property offers an open plan kitchen, reception, cloakroom, utility, three bedrooms, bathroom and a fantastic entertainment garden including a summer house, puttin..."
"We are delighted to offer to the market, with NO FORWARD CHAIN, this LIGHT & SPACIOUS two bedroom APARTMENT located on the second floor with PANORAMIC VIEWS across OLD PORTSMOUTH, Isle of Wight and THE CAMBER. There is a spacious entrance hall with FITTED CUPBOARDS offering plenty of storage,..."
"Leaders would like to welcome to the market this THREE BEDROOM mid-terrace house offered for sale with VACANT POSSESSION & NO ONWARD CHAIN. This property has been completely refurbished and modernised with a high-end flux. Situated in a desirable and requested tree lined road, popular for bei..."
We are pleased to offer for sale this modern style end of terrace TOWNHOUSE centrally located within the Owens CONSERVATION AREA just a stroll to both Elm Grove and Palmerston Road shopping facilities. The house is arranged over three floors and features ample provision for parking with spaces to...
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to present to the market this spacious corner plot property situated in the popular location of Highbury Grove, Cosham. This property which has been recently decorated throughout boasts a large lounge, dining room, kitchen and lean to with a WC and storage cupbo..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom home situated in the central Drayton location of Grove Road. Set within the catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield schools, the property boasts a 28'2 lounge / diner, 14'8 kitchen, conservatory and WC to the ground floor, three bedrooms ..."
We are pleased to welcome to the market this immaculate three bedroom home with garage to the rear in the popular Baffins location of Wallisdean Avenue. The property has been modernised to a high standard throughout the owners 16 year tenure. It has been extended to the rear and undergo...
*** FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** We are delighted to offer to the market this great investment opportunity for those looking to buy their first buy to let or add to their portfolio!
"GARAGE & VIEWS TOWARDS TANGIER PARK! We are delighted to bring to the market this three bedroom, double bay & forecourt property located in Tangier Road, Baffins. Offered with no forward chain, the spacious accommodation comprises an impressive 36ft lounge/diner, a fitted kitchen and a WC..."
A lovely terraced house ready to move straight into. Incorporating original features with a modern twist! Located in a central location of Southsea close to all daily amenities. Being sold with no onward chain.
"***MODERN KITCHEN***LARGE FAMILY DINING ROOM***THREE BEDROOMS***LOFT ROOM***DOUBLE GARAGE***SOUTH FACING GARDEN***360 TOUR A lovely family house with modern kitchen and bathroom, three bedrooms and a loft room. Courtyard style south facing garden and double garage with vehicular access."
"A STUNNING THREE BEDROOM HOME IN 'EASTNEY VILLAGE' LOCATION! This bay and forecourt home is situated along Collins Road, Southsea, within the highly desirable 'Eastney Village', and just roads away from the beach. The internal accommodation of this well-presented home brings contemporary styling ..."
 An impressive three bedroom property in the highly sought after area of Milton with the added benefit of having off-road parking. The property has been let in recent times so is offered with No Forward Chain! This property is approached by an impressive block paved drive and pathway leading...
"Lawson Rose are delighted to bring to the market this three storey town house located in the desirable waterside development with marina views, access to bars, restaurants, cinema complex and David Lloyd Gym, Port Solent. Situated on Newlyn Way, the property has a wealth of benefits including off..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this simply STUNNING single bay & forecourt house situated in a requested location just off the FASHIONABLE Albert Road district of Southsea close to local schooling, shopping and the many bars, cafes and restaurant..."
"Beautifully presented and located in a requested location is this three bedroom end of terrace house with a GARAGE!. The vendor is suited so quick sale is required. The property comprises: Entrance hallway, Living room with bay window to the front, Dining room open plan to modern fitted kitchen ..."
Located with in the immediate vicinity of the Albert Road shopping and entertainment area of central Southsea and beyond with in a short walk the Canoe Lake recreation area on the seafront. The house has undergone a programme of refurbishment and redecoration by the present owner blending period ...
"We are delighted to welcome to market this south facing three double bedroom first floor apartment with a share of the freehold, garage with mezzanine and mature communal gardens to the front and rear. The exterior of the property has recently been redecorated as well as the interior and benefits..."
"Built in 2015, this four bedroom semi-detached house, set over three floors, offers four Bedrooms with Ensuite to Master, Kitchen/Diner, Conservatory, ground floor Cloakroom and externally Garage with Off street parking."
"Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location lies this well presented four bedroom end-of-terrace town house. The property boasts fantastic living space for a family, two allocated parking spaces and over looks the green to the front. Arrange a viewing today to avoid missing out."
"FOUR BEDROOM TOWN-HOUSE WITH OFF ROAD PARKING! A wonderful opportunity to purchase this four bedroom town-house found within a rarely available spot in Southsea. Hester Road is well positioned for access to local shops, several well regarded schools, transport links, the seafront and of course th..."
Stunning views from your very own roof garden! Two bedrooms and allocated parking.
Chain Free! This Copnor home has everything that a growing family could want. The owners have transformed a once tired house in to a warm and spacious home.
"Located with in the requested residential Cranswater district of Southsea Seafront, this purpose built 1950's two storey apartment building is of traditional construction with brick elevations under a tiled pitched roof. Flat 2 commands the entire left hand side of the first floor and comprises t..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this SUPERB ground floor Duplex apartment located within the Vulcan Building, which was Built circa 1812, The Vulcan Building was originally known as the Grand Store House and was one of the largest stores in Britain built by the Board of Ordnance in Old Gunwharf...."
"SALE BY PUBLIC AUCTION: Wednesday 12th April 2023 Held in The Ageas Bowl, Botley Road, West End, Southampton SO30 3XH at 11am Sold with a Share of the Freehold, this two bedroom ground floor apartment has the benefit of a small terrace, communal off road parking and spacious accommodation. Curre..."
Offered with no forward chain! Beal's are delighted to welcome to market this well presented three bedroom end of terrace house with a garage and parking which is nestled in a quiet cul-de-sac location making it the perfect home for a family. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappointment.
"Fantastic four bedroom bay fronted terraced house located in the popular location of Rosebery Avenue. The spacious accommodation is spread over three floors, the ground floor of the property boasts a lounge, open plan kitchen / dining room, conservatory and shower room. The first floor has three..."
"Located within one of Southsea's highly requested developments, sits this immaculately presented two bedroom fourth floor apartment, which is offered with no forward chain. The property is conveniently located within walking distance of Albert Road and Palmerston Road, where local amenities and r..."
"A beautifully renovated and spacious three double bedroom period house, retaining many original character features, including high ceilings, bay windows, stripped wooden floors, ceiling roses and open fireplaces."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this CHARMING Victorian cottage located in an enviable central Southsea setting within the Stanley Street CONSERVATION AREA No.1, just a stroll to Palmerston Road shopping precinct, Waitrose and the numerous bars and restaurants associated with this fashiona..."
"*** BEAUTIFUL FOUR BEDROOM PROPERTY WITH LOFT ROOM CONVERSION AND ENSUITE *** We are delighted to introduce to the sales market, this spacious four bedroom property in the highly sought after location of Ophir Road. This wonderfully spacious property would make a fantastic famil..."
"Three bedroom house in a sought after location with extended open plan kitchen/diner, separate lounge, three bedrooms and a modern bathroom. The property has No Forward Chain and a viewing is recommended. Book viewings 24/7 online. This well maintained home has been extended to the rear and a li..."
Completely refurbished Three bedroom family home with double garage.
"ANCHORAGE PARK LOCATION: NEWLY FITTED MODERN KITCHEN WITHIN THE LAST 8 MONTHS: GARAGE AND OFF ROAD PARKING: ADMIRAL LORD NELSON SCHOOL CATCHMENT: COMPLETE ONWARD CHAIN: Four bedroom house in popular Anchorage Park location, situated within Admiral Lord Nelson School Catchment and just ..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this fabulous example of a large family home in an extremely popular sought after area - BAFFINS. A simple hop across the road takes you to Tamworth Park with lots of space for children to run around, grown ups to chill. out after a busy day at w..."
"Situated on the popular Highbury estate is this well presented, larger style three bedroom end of terrace house. This property would make an ideal family home, benefitting from an en-suite, garage and driveway. Located within walking distance to local schools, train station and Cosham high street."
"FREEHOLD INVESTMENT! An opportunity to purchase this freehold building which is located along Clarendon Road, Southsea. Situated within close proximity to the Seafront, Albert Road and Palmerston Road shopping areas and Canoe Lake. Currently arranged as two HMO properties (one 4 bedroom maisonet..."
** OFFERED CHAIN FREE ** We are delighted to offer this impressive three bedroom property in the highly sought after area of Milton. The property has been let in recent times so is offered without forward chain. This property itself boasts an impressive exterior from the outset...
"**BRAND NEW DEVELOPMENT** A stunning three bedroom semi-detached home, with a garden and parking, in the newly developed Harbour Place, Havant, finished to a high standard. Offering a lovely lounge and kitchen/diner to the ground floor with three bedrooms, en-suite and family bathroom upstairs,"
"** WONDERFUL FAMILY HOME AT BOTTOM OF POPULAR CUL-DE-SAC ** This exceptional semi-detached home sitting at the end of this lovely family friendly cul-de-sac is a joy to behold. Offering great space, ample parking and a wonderful outlook, this lovely home will make you the envy of many."
"***REFURBISHED HOME IN BAFFINS WITH A GARAGE*** We are delighted to introduce to the market this stunning three bedroom home in the highly location of Stride Avenue, Baffins. Offered chain free, the current owners have tastefully transformed this property into something quite special."
UNEXPECTEDLY RE-AVAILABLE ** GORGEOUS SEMI-DETACHED DRAYTON HOME ** COURT LANE AND SPRINGFIELD SCHOOL CATCHMENT ** GARAGE AT REAR ** DRIVEWAY FOR 2 CARS AT THE FRONT ** KITCHEN DINER IS HEART OF THE HOME ** MODERN BATHROOM ** COSY SEPARATE LOUNGE ** UTILITY AREA AND DOWNSTAIRS WC
"Lawson Rose are delighted to offer this stunning retirement apartment located in a highly desirable, Tudor Rose Court, Southsea. This spacious apartment offers a large open plan living/ kitchen area with access onto a private balcony with sea views. There is a large storage cupboard, two double b..."
"RE-AVAILABLE 10/01/2023. We are pleased to offer for sale this 3 bedroom family home with period features and offered with no forward chain. The accommodation comprises 3 bedrooms, lounge with folding doors to dining room which allows a large open space or 2 separate receptions. Good size kitchen..."
"Marina Life Homes are delighted to offer for sale this Two Bedroom modern Apartment in Oyster Quay with 11 Metre Mooring. The property has two bathrooms, balcony and includes a residents only Leisure Facility including a gym, pool, hot tub and sauna."
" Situated in a quiet cul de sac location and offered with no forward chain is this popular style end of terrace home. At ground floor level the accommodation provides entrance hall, w/c, lounge/dining, fitted kitchen and a conservatory with a double glazed sliding door to the rear garden. The f..."
"Morris Dibben are extremely proud to showcase this beautiful three bedroom home. Located in a peaceful location only a stone's throw from all that Portsmouth has to offer, this property boasts scenic views over The Solent and Eastney Marina. As you approach the property you are greeted..."
" This spacious well presented home is located in a quiet residential location and comes with two allocated parking spaces. On the ground floor the accommodation provides: Entrance hall, shower room, living room and a stylish kitchen and dining area. The first floor has three good size bedrooms a..."
"THREE BEDROOM HOME IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION! New to the market is this well-presented family home located in arguably one of Southsea's most requested locations Collins Road, Southsea, part of the highly desirable 'Eastney Village' district. The accommodation on offer comprises; three bedrooms, a..."
"This well presented, two bedroom, semi-detached property located in Yardley Close, Anchorage Park is for sale with Jeffries & Dibbens of Portsmouth. The two bedrooms are complimented by the first floor fitted bathroom and the 14' lounge leads to a 12' kitchen and a 10', double-glazed conserva..."
This well-loved family home in Fordingbridge Road is moments away from Bransbury Park and not too far from the Seafront attractions. The property benefits from an array of appealing features and should well be considered for those looking to move into the area. Upon entering the property off the ...
"This lovely 3 bedroom semi detached home has been upgraded by the current owners and is situated along London Road, close to Cosham High Street shops, QA Hospital and local schools. Set back from the road, there is a driveway providing off street parking for 2 cars plus a garage. The lawned ..."
"Internal viewing is highly recommended for this semi-detached House in Cosham, convenient to local schools, shops, QA hospital, road and rail links for commuting and rural walks. Downstairs benefits from having solid oak strip wood flooring and has UPVC Bi-fold doors leading out from the Lounge/d..."
"Situated on the popular Farlington hillslopes is this deceptive 4/5 bedroom semi-detached town house. Offering versatile living accommodation benefiting from a driveway, south facing garden, four piece family bathroom & downstairs W.C. Located within the catchment for Springfield & Solent Schools."
"A FANTASTIC, ONE BEDROOM retirement apartment with SEA VIEWS and a BALCONY. Situated ON THE SEA FRONT."
"A three bedroom semi-detached house in a cul-de-sac location close to local amenities in Cosham High Street, bus routes, catchment for local schools (subject to confirmation) and commutable road and rail links. This property has been significantly extended on the ground floor and comprises: hall..."
"
We are delighted to bring to the open market this lovely semi-detached home in the sought after location of Drayton. The property offers two double bedrooms, a beautiful family bathroom, 19'8 reception room, kitchen (6 years old), utility/boot room, large rear garden and a blocked pave drive for..."
"***THREE BEDROOMS + SOUTH-FACING GARDEN + PARKING FOR THREE VEHICLES*** We are delighted to introduce to the sales market, this beautiful three bedroom semi-detached property in the highly sought after Old manor way. This wonderfully spacious property would make a fantastic fami..."
"Warspite Close Location !! Days Estates Southsea are delighted to welcome to the market this three bedroom semi-detached modern house in the very popular location of Warspite Close, Hilsea, Portsmouth. The ground floor comprises of a Lounge with window shutters, that flows through to the moder..."
"Semi-detached family home located in the popular Drayton area. The property is exceptionally well presented and has a Southerly aspect rear garden, off road parking and a garage. Accommodation comprises; lounge, conservatory, ground floor WC, kitchen, dining room, family bathroom, three bedrooms."
"STUNNING HOME WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN! A traditional double bay and forecourt home which is located in the highly desirable PO4 location of Oliver Road, Southsea. A fantastic location for access to Winter Road and Albert Road, well regarded schools and only a short walk to the seafront! Well-presen..."
"**VIEW OUR 360 VIRTUAL TOUR** We have the pleasure of marketing for sale this BEAUTIFULLY presented two bedroom ground floor apartment in the requested Gunwharf Quays development. This COSMOPOLITAN marina complex offers a desirable choice of cafes, bars and restaurants as well as a multi screen ..."
"Lawson Rose are delighted to welcome to the market this three-bedroom, terrace property with off-road parking, located in the popular, requested Southsea location of Gritanwood Road. Offered with no forward chain, the home lies within walking distance to the Sea Front promenade and Bransbury Park..."
The sale's team at Your Move Southsea have the great pleasure in welcoming to the open market this attractive and spacious bay and forecourt end of terrace family home which is situated in Milton. Viewings are highly recommended to avoid disappointment. Call the team to book your viewi...
***FOUR BED TOWNHOUSE***TWO ENSUITES***MODERN KITCHEN DINER***OFF ROAD PARKING AND GARAGE***ALNS CATCHMENT***360 TOUR***
"A beautiful semi-detached property situated in the popular location of Cosham. Located in a great school catchment area, this family home is ready to move straight into. Please call the office today to arrange a viewing."
"Beautifully presented three bedroom terraced house located in a popular location in Hilsea. This property benefits from having a driveway and a GARAGE! This house is offered with no onward chain. Entrance hallway, downstairs w.c, living room/dining room, modern fitted kitchen and double glaz..."
"This impressive double bay & forecourt property has great potential and is in a requested location, this could make for an ideal family home. Although in need of modernisation, this substantial property on Devonshire Avenue benefits from a open plan living space with can separated by bi-foldi..."
"We are pleased to welcome to the market this three bedroom semi detached property with off road parking located in Jubilee Avenue. The ground floor consists of a sitting room, downstairs w/c and large open plan kitchen diner with French doors opening onto the garden. Moving upst..."
"Situated in a popular residential area, this three bedroom freehold property boasts ample living accommodation to suit a growing family. Benefitting from a private garage, south-westerly aspect rear garden and no forward chain, the internal accommodation comprises; entrance porch, W.C, a large li..."
"***MODERN THREE BEDROOM HOME ON THE HIGHBURY ESTATE*** We are delighted to introduce to the sales market, this beautifully presented family home, on the popular Highbury Estate. The front of the home sees off road parking for two cars and an open porch, through which you have ac..."
"Large ""Wedge"" 2 Bedroom 2nd floor apartment for sale. Has a parking space, South East Facing balcony and access to the communal gym, pool, hot tub & sauna. A viewing is highly recommended!"
Days Estates Southsea are delighted to welcome to the market this three bedroom semi-detached townhouse with off-road parking via an integral garage in the popular Southsea location of Auckland Road East. The ground floor of this home consists of large kitchen and downstairs w/c with integral ga...
"OFF ROAD PARKING! This four bedroom, end terraced town house located in Battenburg Avenue, North End is offered for sale by our Portsmouth branch. Ground floor accommodation comprises two bedrooms and a downstairs W.C, with a lobby providing access to one of TWO private rear gardens with pedestri..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN!! This beautifully presented and spacious ground floor apartment is located in the requested Gunwharf Quays development. Internally the property has been maintained to a high standard and comprises of a master bedroom with en-suite shower and built in wardrobe, additional bedroom..."
"** FANTASTIC OPEN PLANNED KITCHEN/DINER ** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** This mid terraced, double bay and forecourt house is perfect for those looking to upsize to an extended, spacious family home. With the ground floor extension it has created a beautiful kitchen/diner, making a great space for..."
"*** INVESTMENT BUYERS *** TWO BEDROOM SEAFRONT APARTMENT WITH OFF ROAD PARKING! Situated in the prime location of South Parade adjacent to Southsea promenade with the common, South Parade Pier, the seafront and numerous bars and restaurants all nearby. The spacious split-level apartment comprises..."
Chain Free! A rare opportunity to own a property with parking in North End. The rear garden has been separated into two sections to provide a hard standing for vehicle access. This spacious end of terrace home is ready and waiting for a lovely family to move straight into and is not to be missed.
"We are pleased to offer this beautifully presented two double bedroom modern apartment in the ever desirable Anson Court, located on the second floor overlooking the canal. This is beautifully presented throughout and benefiting from fine views of the marina and Portsmouth Harbour and the Spinna..."
"This is beautifully presented throughout and benefiting from fine views of the marina and Portsmouth Harbour and the Spinnaker Tower. The property offers open plan lounge and modern fitted kitchen, beautifully presented family bathroom and en-suite. The property also boasts a video entry system ..."
Investment opportunity - Three one bed self contained apartments with separate services presently let and generating income. Further details available upon request. Located with in the immediate vicinity of the main centre and library of Portsmouth University. Ideal long term investment. Lease de...
"A great terraced house in the requested Southsea location with double bay and forecourt and spacious rooms throughout, it is ideal for and investment or a home to make your own. Offered with no forward chain."
"A three bedroom mid-terrace extended property with a southerly aspect, that has been renovated throughout by the current owners to create a beautiful family home, with tall ceilings making the home light and spacious. The property, situated in Bell Road, is tucked away in a quiet location with no..."
We are pleased to welcome to the market this three bedroom semi-detached townhouse with off-road parking via an integral garage in the popular Southsea location of Auckland Road East. The ground floor of this home consists of large kitchen and downstairs w/c with integral garage utilisin...
"Situated within a pleasant cul de sac of four houses in quiet location in Paulsgrove is this family home which has been considerably enhanced and beautifully maintained by the current owners, offering bright and spacious well laid out accommodation. To the front of the property is an impressive 1..."
" Purplebricks are delighted to re-launch this exceptional example of a TWO BED TOP FLOOR SEAFRONT APARTMENT. Situated in a prestigious block with security door entry system, lift and PARKING!! Nestled at the top of a quality block (The penthouse sits in the roof space above) this home will ap..."
BEING OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom semi - detached property in the heart of Portsmouth. This property will be the perfect family home so please call now to arrange a viewing on !
**SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME** We are delighted to welcome a rare opportunity to offer for sale a premium semi-detached property at the end of a cul-de-sac in Anchorage Park. This property boasts ample living space with spacious modern kitchen with three bedrooms and separate garage.
"***Selling with Tenant in Situ *** We are delighted to welcome to the market this well presented three bedroom, mid-terrace home, situated on the highly sought after Highland Road in close proximity to many local amenities. Benefitting from a renovation in recent times which inc..."
Offered with no forward chain! This well presented three bedroom semi-detached family home is a must see. Nestled in the North of the city in a popular location bosting ample parking to the rear and the property has been recently redecorated throughout. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappoint...
"This three bedroomed semi detached property would make an idea family home, needing some modernising this property would be ideal for a buyer wishing to make their own mark on their next home. In brief the property consists of: Entrance hall, lounge through to diner, kitchen, utility, ground floo..."
"This 3 bedroom town house located in the sought after location of Ferry Road, Southsea with short walks to the seafront and Southsea Marina. As a whole, this is a modern, well maintained family home, ideal for those looking for their ideal home in a quiet location or looking to upsize."
"*BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME IN THE HEART OF BAFFINS* Fox & Sons are delighted to welcome to market this stunning three bedroom semi-detached property with a double bay & forecourt, and a shared driveway to side in the highly sought after location of Baffins Road, Portsmouth."
We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom property in Hilsea for sale.
" Located within the immediate vicinity of the Albert Road shopping and entertainment area, this bay & forecourt mid terraced house circa 1890 can be offered with vacant possession (no forward chain). The accommodation comprises front lounge open plan to the family room, third reception room a..."
"GARAGE & OFF ROAD PARKING! Jeffries & Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, semi-detached residence situated in Stubbington Avenue, Copnor. Complimented with a south-facing garden, garage and an off road parking space, this property offers a selection of benefits. Ac..."
"LARGE THREE BEDROOM HOUSE! We are delighted to offer for sale, this three double bedroom, terraced property located in Oriel Road, North End. Complete with original features and attention to detail by the current owners, this property offers a selection of benefits. Accommodation to the ground fl..."
"Enjoying a sought-after location, this DETACHED MODERN THREE BEDROOM HOUSE benefits from a 40ft garden, gas central heating, garage and car space. Available now to the open market for the first time since new, the property requires a programme of refurbishment and is priced accordingly.
"
"This lovely traditional bay and forecourt terraced home is a fantastic example of period charm mixed with modern comforts and would suit a wide range of prospective purchasers. With ample living accommodation to suit a growing family, the property comprises; a bay-fronted lounge with characterful..."
"LOVELY THREE BEDROOM HOME WITH OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER! This traditional bay and forecourt home can be found within a popular residential spot of Southsea. Meon Road is well-positioned with an abundance of local shops, well-regarded schools and Bransbury Park all within close proximity. The well-..."
"This deceptively spacious end of terrace property in central Southsea is well presented throughout and has the huge benefit of a GARAGE for off road parking! Situated in Lawson Road, the property provides two separate reception room along with a stylish contemporary fitted kitchen/ breakfast room..."
"We are delighted to bring to market this stunning refurbished three/four bedroom terrace house in the sought after location of Montague road North End. The property is offered with no forward chain, please contact our North End branch to arrange your internal viewing. "
"This surprisingly spacious four-bedroom, bay & forecourt property has accommodation set over three floors and could make for an ideal family home. Located on Haslemere Road, not far from local amenities on Winter Road, the property comprises; an open reception room with archway to the fitted ..."
"We are pleased to welcome to the market this four bedroom end of terrace property with garage situated in Cygnet Road, Drayton. The property is well presented and offered with No Forward Chain. It does require a little modernisation. The ground floor of this property offers an o..."
"A spacious double bay and forecourt property in popular location set in a quiet Cul-de-Sac. Comprising of hallway with understairs cupboard housing meters. Spacious Lounge leading to Dining Room. Fitted Kitchen with doors leading to Conservatory housing a 2nd W..c., with Loft Access. To the F..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES: OFF ROAD PARKING: Three bedroom terraced house in central southsea location, within walking distance to Albert Road with its range of bars, shops and cafes, this property woul..."
"We are delighted to welcome to the market this stunning five-bedroom mid terrace HMO property in the heart of Southsea. The property currently has tenants in situ with a rental income of £2400. The property is located in an amazing area for students, with large double rooms and a modern int..."
Beal's are delighted to welcome to market this stunning three bedroom semi-detached house with a garage/workshop (Planning accepted for a 1 Bedroom Annex) that will blow you away. The property has been extended to the rear and offer fantastic living space. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappo...
"************HMO - Investment Opportunity ************** - 4 double bedroom student house located in Southsea. This property consists of a modern fitted kitchen, two separate lounge area's , four double bedrooms, a ground floor family bathroom plus separate W.C.. The property has secured a let f..."
"This generous semi-detached property is located in the desired area of Hilsea. Shared driveway to private garage. Offered with no forward chain. With credible tenants in situ and attractive yield, this property makes sense as a long term investment!"
"***NICELY PRESENTED***SOME UPDATING POTENTIAL***LARGE GARDEN***SIDE PEDESTRIAN ACCESS***THREE DOUBLE ROOMS***VIRTUAL TOUR*** A great property that could be upgraded over time. Three bedrooms, large open-plan living space and a south facing garden with pedstrian access, perfect for entertaining"
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to present to the market this three bedroom terraced house situated in the popular location of Chatsworth Avenue, Cosham. The accommodation boasts an entrance hall leading to two separate reception rooms, kitchen, lean to and WC on the ground floor. To the first..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this 3/4 bedroom townhouse with secure off road parking and located within a few minutes of Southsea Seafront, Canoe Lake, Palmerston Road Shopping Precinct, Albert Road, bars, restaurants, cafes, shops and bus routes. The accommodation comprises 3/4 bedrooms, 1/2..."
"Sold with no forward chain, this four bedroom town house situated just back from Southsea Seafront is well presented throughout and provides versatile accommodation to suit a family. At the rear, a gated entrance with CCTV guards your own private parking space and to the front the property offers..."
"A three bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated in a popular elevated residential location within easy access of local shopping amenities, and bus routes. Potential for off road parking."
"Located in the low numbers of the popular tree-lined Highbury Grove, this 3 bedroom house, has a South Facing Garden and Off Road Parking for 2 Cars. Benefitting from 2 Reception Roos, a 15ft Kitchen, Double Glazing, Gas Central Heating, a family bathroom and Downstairs WC, this property makes..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this 2 bedroom hall floor apartment with delightful views over Southsea Common, which is just a short walk to Southsea Seafront, local amenities and Palmerston Road. The accommodation comprises 2 double bedrooms, spacious lounge, fitted kitchen and bathroom. The p..."
"Jeffries and Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this two bedroom semi-detached bungalow situated in the cul-de-sac location of Wainwright Close, Drayton. Offered with no forward chain, this property benefits from a southerly aspect rear garden, conservatory, detached garage, off road parking..."
"Offered with no forward chain, this surprisingly spacious three bedroom, end of terrace property is available to view with Lawson Rose. Close to local amenities on Highland / Winter Road, the property on St Augustine Road offers two sizable reception rooms, one of which measures 16ft by 12ft, a f..."
This large family home should definitely be on your list to view. There is scope for a lucky new owner to come in and create the home of their dreams.
"A brilliant opportunity for a family! This stunning three double bedroom corner property boasts brilliant living space which includes two reception rooms, downstairs cloakroom, conservatory and upstairs bathroom. Arrange a viewing today to avoid missing out."
***ORIGINAL FEATURES***SEMI DETACHED***THREE BEDROOMS***SIDE PESDESTRIAN ACCESS***MODERN KITCHEN***360 TOUR***
"AJM Estates are pleased to offer for sale this nicely presented three bedroom terraced house in Highbury. Key features include; Off road parking for two cars, two reception rooms, modern kitchen and first floor bathroom. Other benefits include; gas heating via radiators and double glazing. Viewin..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £330,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £500,000"
"TO BE SOLD BY PUBLIC AUCTION 23 MARCH 2023.  GUIDE PRICE:  £330,000-£350,000. OF INTEREST TO OWNER-OCCUPIERS IN PARTICULAR, this desirable and EXCEPTIONALLY RARE DETACHED THREE BEDROOM BUNGALOW with much potential.
"
"A retirement apartment which sits proudly at the bottom of Carmarthen Avenue, one of the area´s most acclaimed avenues which leads up to Portsdown Hill. Flat 23, is situated on the second floor with a southerly elevation, of a modern McCarthy & Stone development and comprises; hallway, b..."
"A wonderful end of terrace corner house with C4 licence and tenants in situ, ideal for investors to add to their portfolio. Offered with no onward chain. Guide price £33,000 - £340,000"
A STUNNING THIRD FLOOR APARTMENT OFFERING DIRECT VIEWS OVER THE SOLENT WITH RARE BENEFIT OF PRIVATE PARKING. 
"A must see Terraced family home in Kimberley road with conservatory to the rear of the property and doors opening on to rear garden. Fantastic original features throughout with log burner to the lounge for those chilly evenings! Centrally located within short walking distance of local shops, cafe..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this immaculately presented 3/4 bedroom townhouse with secure off road parking and located within a few minutes of Southsea Seafront, Canoe Lake, Palmerston Road Shopping Precinct, Albert Road, bars, restaurants, cafes, shops and bus routes. The accommodation comp..."
"IDEAL FAMILY HOME: OFF ROAD PARKING FOR TWO CARS: SOLENT INFANT AND JUNIOR SCHOOL CATCHMENT: EASY ACCESS TO M27/A3M: Three bedroom end of terraced house in popular farlington location, Solent Infant and Solent Junior School catchment this property would make the ideal family home. "
"ROK Marsh are delighted to bring to market this 3 bedroom mid-terraced house located in the Copnor area of Portsmouth. Boasting large bedrooms, a generous sized kitchen/diner with conservatory, garage and well kept garden, this property is ideal for a family to move straight into with little to n..."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this attractive VICTORIAN terraced HMO (House of Multiple Occupancy) house situated in a very convenient RESIDENTIAL location within a short walk of the main line railway station, university, transport services and local shopping facilities. Configured with ..."
"Located on the popular 'Highbury Estate' this family home will not leave you disappointed! With two generous reception rooms, kitchen/breakfast room, utility area and ground floor cloakroom. The large garden leads to a double garage/workshop which can be accessed by service road to the rear. On..."
"We are delighted to welcome to market this amazing family home situated in the highly sought after location in the Wood Estate, Hilsea, Portsmouth."
"**GARAGE WITH CAR ACCESS** We are honoured to welcome to the market this beautifully presented three bedroom family home located in the highly sought after location of Baffins, Portsmouth."
"REDUCED IN PRICE!! ***NO FORWARD CHAIN*** We are pleased to present this beautiful, three bedroom end of terraced house in the heart of Southsea. It is close to the train station, shops, and within walking distance to the beach. This property is spacious throughout boasting 3 double bedrooms. "
"***FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM HMO!*** Well presented, FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM HMO mid terrace bay & forecourt house situated in the ever popular location of Orchard Road offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! The spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, communal lounge, two bedrooms and modern kitchen. U..."
"Situated within the heart of a popular residential location of Southsea, sits this spacious three bedroom family home, which enjoys an east facing garden. The property is located within walking distance of local restaurants and amenities, which can be found on the highly regarded Albert Road. The..."
This Mid terraced Bay & Forecourt house is located with in the requested terraced district of Southsea in the immediate vicinity of Fratton Train Station with its direct rail link to central London. The accommodation set over two floors comprises front reception room internal modern fitted ki...
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to present to the market this three bedroom terraced house situated in the popular location of Hawthorn Crescent, Cosham. The accommodation boasts an entrance hall leading to two separate reception rooms which follows on to kitchen at the rear. To the first floo..."
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this LARGE FOUR BEDROOM MID TERRACE HOUSE in the heart of BAFFINS! Entering the house you'll see that the house has been modernised throughout and is finished with the modern grey and white style. The living room is off to the right with the kit...
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES IN AND OUT OF THE CITY: Four bedroom terraced house within walking distance to local shops and transport links. To the ground floor you will find communal living room, double bedroom, fitted..."
"Guide Price £325,000-£335,000 Simply wow! This three bedroom home located in the sought after 'Highbury area' of Cosham offers open plan living at its finest and has some stunning features that make it truly unique. With a Southerly facing rear garden, off street parking and contempory feel, it..."
"DRIVEWAY AND OFF ROAD PARKING! We are delighted to bring to the market this beautiful 3 bedroom property located in Fairfield Square, Cosham."
"We are delighted to welcome to market this amazing family home situated in the highly sought after location of Hilsea, Portsmouth."
"** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY IN POPULAR AREA ** Situated in a popular residential area, this impressive end of terrace house offers the perfect investment. Currently occupied as a student let, the property benefits from C3/4 dual use which has been recently newly approved. The owner has ens..."
"*** THREE BED SEMI-DETACHED + OFF ROAD PARKING! *** We are delighted to welcome to the sales market, this wonderfully presented three bedroom semi-detached home with off road parking! Parking will never be an issue due to this property being semi-detached with a shared driveway,..."
"Situated in one of Southseas most popular locations, sits this beautifully presented three double bedroom seafront apartment, which is offered with no forward chain. The property is conveniently located within walking distance of Albert Road and Palmerston Road, where local amenities and restaura..."
This charming cottage is tucked away from the main road offering the benefit of quiet private seclusion whilst also being a few short steps from the facilities in central Southsea including Waitrose supermarket and Palmerston Road high street. A cobbled front leads up the property which has a qua...
"We are pleased to bring to the market this 3 bedroom family home which requires updating, but has been priced accordingly. Located in this popular residential area and and being sold with a garage. The accommodation comprises 3 bedrooms, 2 reception rooms, fitted kitchen, conservatory, ground flo..."
***THREE BEDROOM***NO FORWARD CHAIN***SOUTH FACING GARDEN***360 VIRTUAL TOUR***
"SALE BY PUBLIC AUCTION: Wednesday 12th April 2023 Held in The Ageas Bowl, Botley Road, West End, Southampton SO30 3XH at 11am This spacious semi-detached house has been previously split into two separate dwellings to provide an excellent potential return in a popular Portsmouth location. The pro..."
*NO FORWARD CHAIN* We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious mid-terrace property with integral garage and driveway to front.
*** FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** GARAGE TO REAR *** TENANT IN-SITU *** We are delighted to offer to the market this great investment opportunity for those looking to buy their first BTL or add to their portfolio! Located on the corner of both Randolph & Mayfield Road you are per...
"The Roseberry is a two bedroom home with a spacious lounge and a kitchen with dining space. With French doors opening onto the garden it’s perfect for entertaining. There’s also a handy storage cupboard and cloakroom on the ground floor. Upstairs are two double bedrooms, one with a large storage ..."
"This four bedrooms mid terrace townhouse could easily be described as a tardis.  The current owner has lived there for 22 years and have maintained the property to a good standard. In brief the property consists of: Dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, utility and wc to the ground floor, on the f..."
"This traditional three bedroom terraced home has been extensively refurbished in recent years with high quality fittings and finishes. The internal accommodation comprises; entrance lobby, a large living area which formally comprised of two separate receptions rooms, a contemporary kitchen/diner,..."
NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT : WALKING DISTANCE TO MILTON PARK AND BRANSBURY PARK: RESIDENCE PARKING: Two bedroom fourth floor apartment in popular Milton location within walking distance to Milton park and bransbury park the property would make the idea...
"The Wilford is a 2 bedroom home - a great starter home. The hall leads to a modern kitchen, it then opens up into a spacious lounge & dining area with French doors onto the garden. Upstairs are two double bedrooms, a modern bathroom and plenty of essential storage space."
"No Forward Chain! Brilliant opportunity to purchase this three bedroom, end of terrace property is a highly popular residential area of Southsea. Situated on Bramshott Road, close to local amenities on Winter Road, the accommodation comprises of an open plan living area with French doors overlook..."
"We are delighted to present to the market this no forward chain three bedroom terraced house situated in the popular location of Hawthorn Crescent, Cosham. The accommodation boasts an entrance hall leading to two separate reception rooms, a good size kitchen, utility and shower room to the ground..."
"**DRIVEWAY** We welcome this gorgeous three bedroom property to the market. A light and airy property with a master which has views of Milton Common, it's own en-suite and very well presented throughout. Call to arrange a viewing."
"** COMING SOON ** A LOVELY FAMILY HOME SITUATED IN A HUGELY POPULAR LOCATION WITHIN STRIKING DISTANCE TO THE SHOPS, BARS AND AMENITIES IN ALBERT ROAD. "
INVESTMENT BUYERS ONLY SITTING TENANT We are pleased to offer for sale this stunning two-bedroom apartment on the 8th Floor with Views across Gunwharf Quays The Crescent Building was Built around 2006 and is one of the spectacular centrepieces of this visionary waterside ...
"The Denford is a stylish two bedroom home - perfect for first-time buyers or investors. The open-plan ground floor welcomes a kitchen / diner and living area, complete with French doors inviting natural light into your home. Head upstairs and you'll see the family bathroom, as well a..."
"*** SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY WITH LARGE REAR GARDEN*** We are delighted to welcome to the sales market, this spacious two bedroom semi-detached property on Second Avenue in Farlington This large property enjoys a great frontage, which has off road parking for two cars, access to t..."
**NO FORWARD CHAIN** We are delighted to welcome to market this stunning three bedroom mid-terraced property in the highly sought after location of Domum Road in Copnor.
"Three/Four-bedroom double bay fronted family home located in a popular location of Chichester Road. This property offers spacious living and would be ideal for a growing family or a great investment as a buy to let, due to the yields. The property comprises: Entrance hallway, living room, family..."
"A well-presented three bedroom home with a versatile loft space situated in the popular Mafeking Road, Southsea. Potentially an ideal first time or investment purchase, the property provides two separate reception rooms, downstairs W.C, first floor bathroom, and an extension/conservatory at groun..."
"This well-loved family home in Southsea is close to local amenities and has a wealth of appealing features. Located on the popular residential Teddington Road, the terraced property provides a lounge with large bay window, a formal dining room along with a fitted kitchen and a rear conservatory t..."
"The Wilford is perfect for couples - it's a great starter home, investment or downsizer. The hall leads to a modern kitchen and guest cloakroom. It then opens up into a spacious lounge with French doors to the turfed garden.
Upstairs are two double bedrooms, a modern bathroom and plenty of essent..."
***NO FORWARD CHAIN***THREE BEDROOMS***OPEN PLAN DESIGN**FABULOUS OUTDOOR SPACE***360 TOUR***
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this SPACIOUS modern apartment situated on the first floor of one of Southsea's most PRESTIGIOUS apartment blocks along the seafront just a stroll from Canoe Lake, South Parade Pier and the recreational facilities of this DESIRABLE location. The main sho..."
"Situated in one of Southsea's highly requested roads, sits this characterful three/four bedroom home with a lot of potential, having been extended on the rear elevation.The property is conveniently located within walking distance of Fratton Train Station and Winter Road, where local restaurants a..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £314,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £475,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £313,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £475,000"
Chain Free! A Great opportunity to create the home of your dreams. This generously proportioned three bedroom terraced home has bags of potential. A new family will really love moulding the existing space to suit their needs.
"NO FORWARD CHAIN & SOUTH FACING GARDEN! Jeffries & Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, terraced residence located in St Chads Avenue, North End. Ground floor accommodation comprises two reception rooms, a fitted kitchen and a downstairs W.C, with three bedrooms and..."
"AJM Estates are pleased to offer for sale this nicely presented three bedroom semi-detached house in Highbury. Key features include; Off road parking for two cars, loft room, lounge, modern kitchen/breakfast room and first floor shower room. Other benefits include; side pedestrian access, gas hea..."
"This three bedroom brick fronted middle terrace home is located in the popular Southern part of Haslemere Road, set close to schools, amenities and within walking distance of Albert Road. The interior of the property is laid out as follows;- Entrance hall, lounge, separate dining room, with a goo..."
A god sized family home that is ready to move into and make your own. Very good transport links in and out of town. On bus routes in all directions and the main line train station is close by for commuters.
"INVESTMENT BUYERS! A fantastic student property found in the heart of Southsea. Situated along Fawcett Road, the property has an HMO License and has been continuously let to students since September 2011. The extended property, which is currently let to five students on a 12 month tenancy, genera..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom, double bay & forecourt property located in Westwood Road, Hilsea. Well presented throughout, accommodation on offer comprises a 29ft lounge/diner, a 17ft fitted kitchen, an upstairs family bathroom, plus three bedrooms. Ad..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this Superb Executive Fourth floor 2 bedroom apartment in the sought after Blue Building, Gunwharf Quays. The apartments benefits from stunning views of Portsmouth and the Solent towards Hayling Island. The two bedrooms are doubles, with the master boasting an en-..."
"The Denford is a stylish two bedroom home - perfect for first-time buyers or investors. The open-plan ground floor welcomes a kitchen / diner and living area, complete with French doors inviting natural light into your home.
 
Head upstairs and you'll see the family bathroom, as well as two spaci..."
"DOUBLE GARAGE & NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, mid-terraced property located in Stride Avenue, Baffins. The spacious accommodation on offer comprises two reception rooms, a modern fitted kitchen, a conservatory and a WC to the ground floor. First floo..."
"A two bedroom home that runs adjacent to a secure tree line, with an open plan kitchen and dining area, which leads you through to a spacious lounge with French doors to the garden. Upstairs, you will find a main bedroom with built in storage, a further double bedroom, a family bathroom. This hom..."
"PRICED AT £310,000 - 49 Chalk Dock Avenue (Plot 82 The Denford) is part of the Harbour Place development by Barratt Homes. A 2 bed terrace home with 2 parking spaces and anticipated build completion March 2023. Reserve this home and benefit from UPGRADED KITCHEN & FLOORING & CONTRI..."
"HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER DRAYTON LOCATION. A three bedroom end of terrace house located in Drayton, near Farlington. This property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating system, lounge/dining room, conservatory, modern kitchen/breakfast room, first floor family bathroom, rear garden, and vi..."
"Location, location, location. This mid terraced home is everything you are looking for. Take a walk to Bransbury Park with your children or dog. A must see property."
"SOUGHT AFTER AREA BEING CLOSE TO THE VIBRANT GUNWHARF COMPLEX with GARAGE and PARKING. The property comprises of a FITTED KITCHEN to the FRONT, LOUNGE to the rear with DOOR TO PAVED GARDEN AND REAR ACCESS. The FIRST FLOOR houses TWO BEDROOMS, BATHROOM with SHOWER OVER. The property also BENEFIT..."
" A modern purpose built ground floor garden apartment in a cul-de-sac location with NO CHAIN AHEAD offering: TWO BEDROOMS, en-suite to the main bedroom, lounge/diner, fitted kitchen, main bathroom, allocated parking and the benefit of an enclosed rear garden."
"HMO - 4 Bed Student House. Located with in the immediate vicinity of Fratton Railway station with its direct main line link to London Waterloo. This established mid terraced house is presently tenanted with four students until the 31st of July 2023. Income presently at £1,450 pcm The accommo..."
"THREE BEDROOM HOME WITH WEST FACING GARDEN! This bay and forecourt home is situated in the ever popular location of St. Augustine Road, Southsea. Ideally positioned at the southerly end of the road, with the Albert Road and the seafront just a short walk away. The well-presented accommodation on ..."
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this FOUR BEDROOM THOROUGHLY MODERNISED mid Terrace house close to Portchester with Off Road Parking. This house is very much like a Tardis! From the outside you get the idea that there may be more to it than meets the eye as the facade is larger...
"Situated on the Paulsgrove/Portchester Border, this 10 year old 3 Bedroom End of Terrace House is offered for sale with No Forward Chain. Benefitting from a GARAGE and ALLOCATED PARKING, there is also a West Facing Garden, modern Kitchen, Bathroom and En-Suite, Double Glazing and Gas Central H..."
"We are delighted to offer an opportunity to purchase this three bedroom detached home situated in Salisbury Road, Cosham. This extended property requires modernisation throughout, but boasts a 26'1 lounge/diner, kitchen and cloakroom to the ground floor with three bedroom and a bathroom to the fi..."
** MUST SEE** Fox and Sons are delighted to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom corner plot property in a highly sought after area of Copnor.
"Situated within close proximity of the M27 and QA hospital, is this end-of-terrace family home, well maintained by the current owners. The ground floor offers open-plan accommodation with a porch and entrance hall welcoming you in. There are three doors for access into the lounge/diner with a fea..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT PURCHASE: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL BUS ROUTES IN AND OUT THE CITY: WALKING DISTANCE TO COSHAM TRAIN STATION: OFF ROAD PARKING FOR 3/4 CARS: Three bedroom semi-detached house within walking distance to local shops, transport l..."
"***THREE BEDROOMS - UPSTAIRS BATHROOM*** We are delighted to welcome to the sales market, this charming three bedroom end of terrace property situated in Vivash Road, Fratton, within walking distance of many local amenities, including Fratton Train Station. The front of the prop..."
"A well presented home in a cul-de-sac location close to the Port Solent Marina Complex and local transport links offering: THREE BEDROOMS, entrance lobby, lounge, dining area, fitted kitchen and modern shower room, an enclosed low maintenance west facing garden and GARAGE/WORKSHOP. "
Three bedroom semi detached family home located in a popular location in Cosham. Located close to the local shops and restaurants. Easy access to the motorway and close to the train station. This property does require updating. We feel this house offers a great deal of potential and we urge an in...
"Bernard’s are delighted to present this fantastic three bedroom house in one of the most desirable locations in Portsmouth. Situated off Siskin Road, in a quite Cul De-Sac, just a 2 minute drive from the Eastern Road, this spacious, terraced house offers an excellent opportunity for anyone lookin..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN & GARAGE! Jeffries & Dibbens are delighted to present for sale this three bedroom, end of terrace residence located in the popular location of Redcar Avenue, Baffins. In need of some internal modernisation, this property makes a great purchase and offers excellent potenti..."
"*** THREE BEDROOM PROPERTY WITH A GARAGE IN DRAYTON *** We are delighted to introduce to the sales market, this spacious and well maintained, three bedroom, property with a garage in the highly sought after location of Kinross Crescent, Drayton. Entering the property, you are g..."
"WOW... NOT TO BE MISSED Three bedroom terraced house in popular Copnor location, Copnor Primary School catchment which is currently Ofsted rating 'Good'. Within walking distance to local shops and bus routes this property would make the ideal first time purchase or investment buy. "
A four bedroom two reception room single bay and forecourt house with top floor master bedroom suite with ensuite shower room. 
Chain Free! A well presented terraced property ripe and ready to move straight into. Close to all local amenities. Sunny aspect rear garden to enjoy in those warmer months.
A spacious three bedroom period single bay & forecourt centrally located in Laburnum Grove. The property is ideal for entertaining due to the open plan lounge and kitchen/dining area. Do not delay call us on . 
"Located on the popular South Parade this spacious two-bedroom apartment benefits from two double bedrooms, open plan living/kitchen area with integrated appliances and a desirable off road parking space! To be sold with a tenant in situ achieving £820pcm, this is a great and simple investment. "
"We are delighted to introduce to the market, this very well presented three bedroom mid-terrace property in the heart of the sought after area of Lyndhurst Road. On entry to the property, you are greeted by a large, bright and airy entrance hallway, off which you have a spacious sitting..."
"2 bedroom seafront apartment positioned on the hall floor with delightful views over Southsea Common towards The Solent. Offered with allocated parking, share of freehold, lift and no forward chain. The accommodation comprises 2 bedrooms, lounge with bay window offering views, fitted kitchen and ..."
We are pleased to offer this stunning two-bedroom apartment on the 3rd Floor with Views across Gunwharf Quays The Crescent Building was Built around 2006 and is one of the spectacular centrepieces of this visionary waterside marina development offering a standard of architecture and s...
"We are delighted to present this modern two bedroom , ground floor apartment in the sought after location of Gunwharf Quays. The property is situated inside a private gated development and offers great access to shops, bars, restaurants and Old Portsmouth. The property has been..."
"GUIDE PRICE 300,000 - 310,000 We are delighted to offer for sale this fantastic three bedroom town house which is situated in the popular location of Old College Walk, Cosham. Set within a modern development this spacious property is arranged over three floors and benefits from a mode..."
"FOURTEEN FREEHOLD, LOCK-UP GARAGES LOCATED JUST OFF ALBERT ROAD. A fabulous investment opportunity to acquire two blocks of garages situated close to the shops, restaurants and pubs in Albert Road. Eminently lettable, these blocks face each other either side of Wish Place with one side c..."
"** NO FORWARD CHAIN ** We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom end of terrace house situated in the popular location of Second Avenue, Farlington. The property has been extended and boasts an entrance hall, kitchen, bathroom and lounge/diner to the ground floor with three double bed..."
"GARAGE! We are delighted to bring to the market this substantial, three bedroom, end terraced property located in Copnor Road, Copnor. Offered with no forward chain, ground floor accommodation comprises two reception rooms measuring at 25ft and 13ft respectively, a 14ft fitted kitchen, a utility ..."
"GARAGE & OFF ROAD PARKING! We are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom, end of terrace property situated in Penhale Road, Fratton. Well presented throughout, this property offers a selection of benefits to the discerning buyer. Accommodation comprises a 10ft modern-fitted kitchen, a 2..."
*ONLY TO BE SOLD WITH A TENANT IN SITU* AJM Estates are delighted to offer to the open market for sale this three bedroom terraced house in Cosham. Situated within close proximity to all the local shops and amenities on offer in Cosham high street. The property also offers easy access to the A...
"We are excited to offer for sale this three bedroom, mid-terraced, double bay & forecourt property located in Lichfield Road, Baffins. Offered with no forward chain, accommodation on offer comprises two reception rooms measuring 12ft and 11ft respectively, a fitted kitchen, an upstairs shower..."
"HMO - With C4 Planning Permission - Landlord to Landlord Cross-over sale. This mid-terraced house has undergone a program of redecoration and
refurbishment by the present owners and currently operates as a 4-person student rental house with four secured tenants for the forthcoming season.
The ac..."
"Situated in the heart of Southsea, sits this beautifully presented two bedroom maisonette, which enjoys a private east facing rear garden. The property is conveniently located within walking distance of Albert Road and Palmerston Road, where local restaurants and amenities can be found. The inter..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN & ALLOCATED PARKING!*** Stunning TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM penthouse with wrap around BALCONY situated in the ever popular purpose built development of Dickens House offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! The spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, airing cupboard, stunning living..."
"This traditional bay and forecourt terraced house is presented in excellent condition throughout and is being offered for sale with no forward chain. The internal accommodation comprises: a bay-fronted living room, an open-plan kitchen/dining room leading to a lean to with access onto the rear ga..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £297,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £450,000"
"Delighted to bring you this quirky three bedroom terraced house located in Wheatstone Road, Southsea. Filled with original features, a stunning south facing garden and rear outhouse this one is a real hidden gem. "
"A three-bedroom mid-terrace property located in the popular Highbury Estate, close to local amenities, bus routes, commutable road and rail links and within the catchment of local schools (subject to confirmation). The property is arranged over two floors and comprises: hallway, lounge, dining ro..."
"A lovely 3/4 bed terraced house Currently arranged as 4 bedrooms one reception C4 registration, details in our office Lounge Diner with door to garden Modern Kitchen Gas Central Heating Double Glazed Bay and Forecourt Courtya..."
"A superbly situated apartment which is located on the first floor of this popular purpose built building close to Southsea seafront and Canoe Lake. The internal accommodation comprises; entrance hall with fitted storage cupboards and intercom entry system, two double bedrooms (master with en-suit..."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY agreed on a managed company Let until March 2026. Located within a short walk of Fratton railway station with services to London and other coastal towns, this VICTORIAN terraced house is also within easy reach of local shops and t..."
** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY IN THE HEART OF SOUTHSEA ** Wonderful investment opportunity set just off Albert Road. Theis terraced house is currently set out as a 5 bedroom HMO property with 2 bedrooms on the ground floor and 3 bedrooms on the first floor.
Purplebricks are delighted to bring this THREE BED immaculate mid terrace in the heart of Southsea. Currently tenanted - by arguably the tidiest cleanest tenants youll find - this house come to the market with NO FORWARD CHAIN and ready to move into. Entering the house into the light bright ope...
Your Move are delighted to bring this highly desirable 3 Bedroom Family home to the sales market. The property is located in the ever popular Baffins area of Portsmouth. EPC - D Council Tax Band - C Viewings are highly recommended to appreciate this property. Call the t...
"Situated in Copper Beech Drive, Farlington is this Spacious 3 Bedroom Town House with Off Road Parking for 2 Cars. Located in the catchment for Springfield and Solent Schools, this property is offered for sale with No Forward Chain, has a 17ft Kitchen/Dining Room, 16ft Lounge, Family Bathroom,..."
"A three bedroom mid-terraced house with bay and forecourt, open space, pleasant sized garden and ready to move into, perfect for families and first time buyers. Located just a short walk from the seafront, local schools, shops and parks. Please call us now to book your viewing!"
"FOUR BEDROOMS! We are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom, terraced property located in Burlington Road, North End. Accommodation comprises two reception rooms, a downstairs WC, a 16ft kitchen and a conservatory. To the first floor, you will find three bedrooms, a family bathroom and st..."
* NO FORWARD CHAIN & SPACIOUS PROPERTY THROUGHOUT* We are delighted to welcome to market this three bedroom house in the highly sought after location of North End!
"This three bedroom, bay & forecourt property in the popular Henderson Road, Eastney is now available to view with Lawson Rose. Not far from the seafront and promenade, this terraced home has many benefits to enjoy including a large open plan living room with front and rear aspect windows, alo..."
"Offered with no forward chain is this light and spacious three-bedroom apartment situated over two floors of this well-kept building. The internal accommodation comprises; split-level entrance hallway, spacious bay-fronted lounge/diner, a fitted kitchen with ample space for a breakfast table, a m..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: Three bedroom double bay and forecourt terraced house within a short walk to Fratton Train Station, restaurants and supermarkets. This property would make the ideal first ..."
"Days estates Southsea are delighted to welcome to the market this spacious two bedroom purpose built apartment. It has been newly refurbished and redecorated, and is close to the seafront. Boasting a southerly facing balcony, allocated parking space, a new 999 Year Lease with a share of the Fre..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN & BALCONY!*** Well presented, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM, upper floor apartment with ALLOCATED PARKING & SHARE OF FREEHOLD situated in close proximity to the seafront in the highly popular block of Hartford House, Blount Road offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! The spacious accommoda..."
"Available for sale with no forward chain and offering a first floor bathroom suite in addition to a ground floor WC, is this very well-presented three bedroom home. Set a long a popular road and falling within catchment for both Mayfield Junior and Secondary schools. The property briefly comprise..."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this spacious 2 bedroom garden apartment situated within this seafront block. The accommodation comprises 2 double bedrooms, large lounge/dining room with door opening onto southerly facing front garden, adjacent to Southsea Common. Fitted kitchen with separa..."
"Located on Southsea's Seafront, sits this spacious two bedroom first floor apartment, which is offered with no forward chain. The property is conveniently located within walking of Southsea Pier and Pamerston Road, where local restaurants and amenities can be found. The internal accommodation com..."
"A well presented MODERN & EXTENDED home close to the Port Solent Marina complex offering: TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, lounge, SPACIOUS EXTENDED KITCHEN/DINER, modern first floor shower room, low maintenance rear garden and GARAGE in block"
Your Move are pleased to bring this large 5 bedroom home to the sales market. This property will make a perfect family home but is equally appealing to investors. Book your viewing now to avoid disappointment. 
"We are delighted to bring to the market this three bedroom, bay and forecourt style property located in Ripley Grove, Baffins. Offering spacious accommodation throughout, the ground floor comprises two reception rooms, a modern fitted kitchen, a lean-to conservatory and a downstairs WC. The first..."
"Bay and Forecourt Family Home. Popular Location. Bathroom/Cloakroom/Utility. West Facing Garden. Well presented. Tenure: Freehold. A lovely family home situated in popular Milton. Found along Catisfield Road, this three bedroom mid terrace property is perfectly located for access to Mi..."
"FOUR BEDROOM STUDENT HOUSE PRODUCING APPROXIMATELY £1,480 PER MONTH FOR ELEVEN MONTHS WITH TENANTS SIGNED UP FOR THE ACADEMIC YEAR 2022/2023 WITH BATHROOM ROOM, SHOWER ROOM AND TWO SEPARATE WC'S."
NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: GARAGE IN BLOCK: Two bedroom End of Terrace house in popular Milton location within walking distance to Meon Infant and Meon Junior Schools this property would make the id...
"We are delighted to welcome to the sales market, this spacious three bedroom property, situated on Knowsley Road, Cosham, situated within walking distance of both Cosham High Street and Train Station! The front exterior of the property sees a generous bay and forecourt. Internally, the p..."
"Welcoming this three bedroom home in Balfour Road to the market - a perfect opportunity to make something your own! With a large living room, two bathrooms, a west facing garden and lots of room for potential. "
"A beautifully bright and spacious one bedroom retirement apartment, benefiting from a BALCONY WITH LOVELY VIEWS. Bistro style in-house restaurant serving delicious hot and cold meals. ONE HOUR OF DOMESTIC ASSISTANCE INCLUDED PER WEEK."
"**NEW TO THE MARKET** **INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** **TENANTS IN SITU** **CLOSE TO ALBERT ROAD** **BENEFITS FROM MIXED USE PLANNING** This three bedroom property benefits from mixed use (C3/C4) planning use making it an ideal candidate for a budding investor. Currently producing a £1,00..."
IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES: WALKING DISTANCE TO MEON INFANT AND JUNIOR SCHOOL: Three bedroom terraced property. Situated on the outskirts of Southsea. This period style property has a family feel and offers spectacular liv...
We are pleased to offer for sale this stunning two-bedroom apartment in The Blue Building. This spectacular centerpieces was Built around 2006 and is one of the spectacular centrepieces with this visionary waterside marina development offering a standard of architecture and specification was rare...
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to welcome to the market, this three bedroom property situated within Knowsley Road,Cosham. This bay and forecourt property boasts a lounge, dining room, kitchen, conservatory, utility and WC to the ground floor. To the first floor you will find three double bed..."
"THREE BEDROOM HOME WITH SOUTH FACING GARDEN & NO FORWARD CHAIN! This traditional mid terraced home is situated in the popular residential location of Jessie Road, Southsea. Ideally positioned with Fratton Train Station, Fawcett Road shopping area and local amenities close by. The spacious acc..."
This large terraced corner home will definitely surprise you when you see the accommodation on offer. This is a property not to be missed.
IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES IN AND OUT OF THE CITY: CALL LEADERS TODAY ON TO ARRANGE YOUR VIEWING!! Three bedroom End of Terrace house in popular Copnor location. Within walking distance to local shop...
Savoy House is a modern Retirement Living development located on South Parade opposite the pier. It is an ideal option for those seeking over 60's retirement apartments in Southsea This one bedroom apartment with allocated parking is within close proximity to numerous local amenities with idylli...
**CHAIN FREE & GARAGE** We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious Victorian style three bedroom mid-terraced property in the highly sought after location of Baffins.
"Three Double Bedrooms, Semi-Detached House in Baffins, in need of some internal modernisation, this property makes a great purchase and offers excellent potential to any prospective buyer! West facing landscaped garden, with large reception rooms."
A FANTASTIC one bedroom retirement apartment with SEA VIEWS situated NEXT TO THE BEACH. Benefiting from a LARGE BALCONY.
"IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES: MANOR INFANTS AND NEWBRIDGE JUNIOR SCHOOL CATCHMENTS: Three bedroom 1930 style end of terrace house within walking distance to local shops, transport links and good school catchments, this prope..."
Offered with no forward chain! Beals are delighted to welcome to market this four bedroom mid-terraced house in the heart of Southsea. Current let out for £1000 PCM. Arrange a viewing today to avoid missing out.
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this SUPERB retirement apartment with ALLOCATED PARKING BAY located on the third floor of this LUXURIOUSLY appointed retirement complex situated directly opposite Southsea seafront. Savoy House is PERFECTLY designed for...
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this GROUND FLOOR apartment situated in the highly requested former Garrisons Barracks of Pembroke Park, a private gated estate just a few hundred yards from Southsea SEAFRONT. The apartment is also located within a sh..."
Nicely presented three bedroom family home in this requested location.
We are delighted to bring to the market this 5-bedroom HMO with full licence based in the centre of Portsmouth in a convenient location that is close to local amenities and transport routes. The property is situated above a barbers that only operates during the hours of 9-5.
"Launching to the market a beautiful four bedroom apartment in Landport Street. This large property has been recently refurbished to a high standard with neutral decor throughout. Upon entering the property you will find four large double bedrooms, a spacious family bathroom complete wi..."
"A very large three bedroom terraced property in central Portsmouth, boasting cellar and loft room. Ideal as investment or family home, please call the branch to view."
Key features- A FANTASTIC one bedroom retirement apartment with SEA VIEWS situated NEXT TO THE BEACH. Benefiting from a LARGE BALCONY. Savoy House - Savoy House is a modern Retirement Living development located on the former site of the Savoy Buildings on South Parade. It is an id...
"We are pleased to bring to the market this spacious 2 bedroom apartment located on Southsea Seafront, with views towards Southsea Common and over the communal gardens. Being sold with a share of freehold and annual service charge of £1387 pa (approximately). This apartment has 2 double bedrooms, ..."
"Offered with no forward chain, we are pleased to bring to market this stunning 3 bedroom terraced house located on Velder Avenue, Southsea. As a whole, this property requires no additional work and would be ideal for first time buyers or families looking to upsize. Call us now to arrange a viewing."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this 3 bedroom family home which is located close to Meon School, Milton Park, Bramsbury Park and Eastern Road, which offers easy access to M27, A27 & A3. The property is offered with no chain. The accommodation comprises 3 bedrooms, lounge, fitted kitchen, c..."
"** POPULAR ROAD AND A CHAIN FREE HOME ** We are thrilled to offer this three bedroom terraced house in the ever popular Norman Road. The home is offered chain free and available to be moved in as soon as required Once inside, you'll find some great size accommodation, starting ..."
"This beautiful terraced property located in the popular area of Copnor, is the perfect family home. Boasting a brand new kitchen, all the hard work is done for you, allowing the new owners to enjoy their new home straight away."
"Offered with no forward chain! We are delighted to welcome this stunning three bedroom bay and forecourt mid-terrace house in a North End, Portsmouth. The property benefits from separate living space with spacious dining area leading to kitchen. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappointment."
A wonderful first floor apartment with lift situated in the popular quiet location of Craneswater park. Close to the seafront and local amenities. A perfect downsize property or investment to add to your portfolio.
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: Three bedroom terraced house within walking distance to local shops, bus routes and schools this property would make the ideal first time buy or investment purchase. "
"TWO BEDROOM SEAFRONT APARTMENT! Situated along the well regarded, prominent seafront terrace that is South Parade, is this two bedroom hall floor apartment that is perfect for anyone that wants to live on the seafront. The internal accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hallway, two bedrooms, ..."
"Jeffries & Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this three double bedroom, terraced property in Dover Road, Baffins, located within half a mile of Baffins Pond. Accommodation comprises two reception rooms, a fitted kitchen and a 14ft conservatory. To the first floor, you will find three do..."
"Sold with no forward chain, this spacious two bedroom maisonette is situated on the hall floor of this striking period property. Benefiting from a share of the freehold, an allocated parking space and close proximity to the Southsea Sea Front and Canoe Lake. The internal accommodation comprises; ..."
Very spacious two bedroom garden flat located on Southsea seafront. Large lounge and two bedrooms one with en-suite shower room. Vacant possession.
"Three bedroom bay and forecourt house located in Catisfield Road Milton. This house is a good size and we urge an internal viewing. Some updating is required . Entrance hallway, living room and separate dining room, fitted kitchen and sun room at the rear opening on the rear garden. To the 1st fl..."
"Prime SEAFRONT location with delightful outlook towards Southsea Common for this purpose-built, well-appointed, TWO BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT benefitting from allocated parking, lift service, equipped kitchen/breakfast room, secure entry, double-glazing and communal central heating.
"
"Period three bedroom terrace property in popular location of Milton, the property is ideally located for local amenities and convenience. Southsea Sea Front is a short drive or bus ride away, Portsmouth Town Centre local schools and university are within easy reach making the home ideal for f..."
"A fantastic opportunity with bags of potential, this two bedroom house started life as a three bedroom with the third bedroom later utilised as a large first floor bathroom. Boasting a ground floor extension which houses a utility room and w/c, there is potential to move the bathroom from the fir..."
"This two bedroom ground floor apartment is situated in this popular central Southsea residential block on a quiet, no-through road and has the benefit of an allocated parking space, brick built storage/cycle shed and a patio terrace. The apartment could be of interest to first time buyers, buy to..."
"We are very excited to bring to the market a brilliant one bedroom apartment in the heart of the Gunwharf Quays. Formally HMS Vernon, the land has now been redeveloped into luxury apartments and a top of the range outlet shopping center. This is a unique opportunity to purchase a canal fa..."
"A spacious first floor apartment with plenty of flexible space and lots of natural light. Your social open-plan kitchen, lounge and dining room benefits from double doors which open to a Juliet balcony - it's the perfect hosting and entertaining space. There are two spacious double bedrooms, your..."
"FOUR BEDROOM HOME WITH COMPLETE FORWARD CHAIN! This mid terraced home is located in the heart of Southsea. Bath Road is surrounded by a host of local amenities including Fratton Train Station, well regarded schools and Albert Road. The internal accommodation is arranged over three floors with the..."
**The Old Portsmouth Gaol – Own Your Own Piece of Local History!**STAMP DUTY PAID** HMP Kingston was built in 1877 and has had a varied history. In 1965 capital punishment for was abolished and Kingston began exclusively holding inmates serving life sentences. Kingston Prison beca...
"Well presented THREE BEDROOM family home close to local amenities and primary school comprising: entrance hall, 23ft lounge/diner, kitchen, lean-to/utility room, FIRST FLOOR BATHROOM and enclosed low maintenance rear garden."
*** St Anns Road *** Set in a super quiet spot this three bed house offers plenty of space plus a a generous enclosed south facing garden. Upstairs bathroom and ground floor cloakroom. Click for more details.
"Requested location, Ideal family home or investment buy. Three double bedrooms, two reception rooms, Bay and forecourt. Call to book a viewing today."
"Offered with no forward chain! This three bedroom mid-terraced bay and forecourt property is currently undergoing work. nestled in a quiet road the property benefits from a lounge to the front, open plan kitchen/dining area and an upstairs bathroom. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappointment."
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN! A semi-detached home found along Eastney Road, Southsea, with an abundance of local amenities nearby and within walking distance of the seafront! The accommodation briefly comprises a 26ft (approx.) lounge/diner with exposed staircase and fi..."
Great sized modern seventh floor apartment with en-suite shower room and allocated parking and secure intercom access. Situated close to the historic dockyard and Gunwharf Quays. Stunning views of the sea.
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY Days estates Southsea are delighted to welcome to the market , this three double bedroom mid terrace house in the much sought after Copythorn road. The property is being offered with no forward chain and boasts separate lounge,downstairs WC fitted kitchen, dining and co..."
**The Old Portsmouth Gaol – Own Your Own Piece of Local History!** HMP Kingston was built in 1877 and has had a varied history. In 1965 capital punishment for was abolished and Kingston began exclusively holding inmates serving life sentences. Kingston Prison became the only priso...
"No Forward Chain! & OFF-ROAD PARKING! This well presented, three-bedroom terraced home has the huge benefit of off-road parking to its rear! Situated on Telephone Road, with close proximity to Fratton Station and local amenities, the home offers a wealth of appealing benefits and could make f..."
"Situated within one of Southsea's highly requested locations, sits this beautifully presented one bedroom entrance level apartment with direct sea views. The property is conveniently located within walking distance of Southsea Seafront and Canoe Lake, as well as the highly regarded Palmerston Roa..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £274,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £415,000"
"Currently rented at £1050pcm - this two bedroom basement apartment is located in the imposing and architecturally pleasing, Lennox Mansions, Southsea. Located right on the seafront and moments away from Palmerstone Road, this surprisingly spacious property offers a wealth of benefits and co..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £271,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £410,000"
"IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO TRANSPORT LINKS: Three bedroom single bay and forecourt terraced house. To the ground floor you will find lounge, kitchen and dining room, downstairs WC, conservatory with a door leading out to the enclosed rear garden. "
Nestled in a popular location in Portsmouth lies this stunning three bedroom mid-terrace bay and forecourt house which has been modernised throughout making it perfect for a family. Please call today to arrange a viewing to avoid disappointment.
"Situated in the heart of North End lies this three bedroom mid-terraced family home which has been modernised in certain areas. The property benefits from two reception rooms, fitted kitchen, low maintenance rear garden and upstairs bathroom. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappointment."
"** CHAIN FREE TERRACED HOME IN POPULAR LOCATION ** We are delighted to bring to the market this terraced house situated in Talbot Road. Offered chain free, this good size home offers a fantastic opportunity for either a First Time Buyer, mover or investor to secure a great property. ..."
A large family home situated in the popular location of Copnor. It provides the perfect opportunity for the new owner to put their own stamp on their new home or as a great investment opportunity. Please call the office today to arrange a viewing.
"We are delighted to bring to the market this spacious, three bedroom, mid-terraced property located in Lynton Grove, Baffins. Well presented throughout, accommodation comprises two reception rooms measuring 15ft & 19ft respectively, a 12ft fitted kitchen and a WC to the ground floor. First fl..."
"Offered to the market with a complete chain is this deceptive three bedroom terraced house. Extended & well presented throughout, benefitting from a driveway and large south facing rear garden with summer house. Conveniently located in Paulsgrove close to QA hospital, local shops, schools & the M27"
***CHAIN FREE*** We are thrilled to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom mid-terrace property located within the heart of Portsmouth.
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this very large FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM TOWN HOUSE IN THE HEART OF PO1. Extremely popular with investors and families alike, this house offers spacious accommodation with its own off road parking (a rarity in Portsmouth!) Entering past the off road ..."
"This stylish, well presented terraced property in the heart of Baffins is now available to view with Lawson Rose. Located in Chesterfield Road, close to local amenities, the property could make for an ideal first time or family home in our opinion, providing two separate reception rooms, with a c..."
"This three bedroom, Bay & forecourt in the popular Eastfield Road is now available to view with Lawson Rose. Potentially an ideal first time or investment purchase, the property offers a light and airy sitting room with a fitted kitchen/ dining area, four piece bathroom suite plus a handy sid..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN!*** Well presented, FOUR BEDROOM mid terrace house situated in the ever popular location of Twyford Avenue and offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! Arranged over three floors, the spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, open plan 22' approx dining/sitting room, downstairs bat..."
We are please to present this recently refurbished three bedroom end of terrace house situated in Wallace Road.
"***No onward chain***Cul-de-sac***2 Parking Spaces***Two Bedrooms*** Modern Kitchen***South Facing Garden*** Beautifully presented 2 bedroom home in a fantastic cul-de-sac location with easy access to transport links, M27 and in to the town via Northern Parade and London Road."
"THREE BEDROOM HOME WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN IN HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER ROAD! With the lovely Bransbury Park at the end of the road, this double bay fronted home is sure to attract early interest! Glasgow Road is excellently positioned for access out of the city, several well regarded schools, Milton sho..."
*CHAIN FREE* We are pleased to bring to the market this spacious three bedroom mid-terraced property in Fratton. In our opinion this property is a must see and perfect for first time buyers and investors alike please call us on to schedule a viewing.
"This well presented, two bedroom terraced property with a separate study room on Trevor Road is now available to view with Lawson Rose. Moments away from local amenities on Albert Road, the property provides a spacious open plan living room with a fitted kitchen, side lean too/ utility area plus ..."
"This immaculately presented, bay & forecourt property in Mafeking Road is now available to view with Lawson Rose. Beautifully kept and elegant throughout, the property provides a light airy living room complete with log burner, a formal dining room, fitted kitchen and a contemporary fitted ba..."
"IDEAL FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS, PORTSMOUTH HARBOUR TRAIN STATION AND GUNWHARF QUAYS: ALLOCATED PARKING: Two bedroom Third floor apartment in popular location with allocated parking and walking distance to local amenities this property would make..."
"This charming two bedroom terraced property in Goodwood Road is well presented throughout and should be considered for those looking to move to a central Southsea Location. Moments away from Albert Road, this tastefully finished home provides an open plan living space with a stylish contemporary ..."
"Beal's are delighted to welcome to market this stunning three bedroom bay and forecourt mid-terrace family home in the heart of Portsmouth. The property is perfect for a family having ample living space throughout including two reception rooms, conservatory, modern kitchen and bathroom and a low ..."
***WELL PRESENTED***THREE DOUBLE ROOMS***ORIGINAL FEATURES***OPEN PLAN LIVING***LOFT ROOM***360 TOUR**
Immaculately presented two double bedroom first floor flat with balcony and allocated parking space in excellent location within walking distance of Portsmouth Harbour train station and ferry port. This apartment is an EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY and comes with the added bonus of being full...
"OFF ROAD PARKING! Jeffries & Dibbens are excited to bring to the market this two bedroom, semi-detached property located in Strode Road, Stamshaw. Built in 1936 over an old orchard, this property has a lot of character. Accommodation on offer comprises two reception rooms, a modern fitted kit..."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this beautifully presented TWO BEDROOM apartment situated on the third floor of this highly requested, modern tower block located within the Southsea seafront CONSERVATION AREA enjoying south westerly views over Southsea Common and The Ladies Mile. The main ..."
"A well proportioned starter home in a CUL-DE-SAC location on the Portchester borders with views towards Portsmouth Harbour offering: TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, entrance hallway, fitted kitchen, first floor bathroom, lounge/diner overlooking the enclosed rear garden and off street parking."
"OFF ROAD PARKING! This two-bedroom property has off road parking and is being offered with no forward chain! Located on the popular Methuen Road, this terraced home could be well suited to a first-time buyer or perhaps someone looking to downsize and offers two separate reception rooms plus a mod..."
"************* HMO Investment Opportunity**************
Let to 4 Persons - Located with in the requested University district of ""Somers Town"" this period property offers accommodation over three levels, comprises fitted kitchen, communal lounge, four double bedrooms, a family bathroom an..."
"This four DOUBLE BEDROOM Period property is located in the university district of Somers town. Internally the accommodation is set over three floors and comprises of a fitted kitchen, lounge, four bedrooms, family bathroom and a loft room. Additional benefits come in the form of double glazing an..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this good size well presented TWO BEDROOM TERRACED HOME set within the ever popular 'Anchorage Park' The house enjoys off road parking, spacious rooms and is positioned in a quiet and peaceful cul-de-sac. Internally, the accommodation has a ..."
"We are pleased to present this well presented, semi-detached house in Almondsbury Road, Paulsgrove to the market. Offered in great condition throughout, accommodation briefly comprises large lounge, kitchen/diner, conservatory, three bedrooms, modern fitted shower room and a loft room. You will f..."
"Three bedroom EXTENDED bedroom terraced house location in a Cul -de-Sac location in Tipner. This property is well presented and must be seen internally. Living room, extended kitchen/dining room and utility storage area, and modern bathroom. The 1st floor consists of: Master bedroom with fitte..."
"TWO BEDROOM, GROUND FLOOR SEAFRONT APARTMENT! A well-presented property which offers the space and scope to tailor the accommodation to the new owners needs, combined with a location that is second to none. Lennox Road South is situated just off Clarence Parade, close by to all that Southsea has ..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this lovely extended mid terrace family home situated in a popular cul-de-sac location which is close to a wide range of shops, schools and local amenities The property is well presented throughout with the internal accommodation briefly comprising of - entr..."
Walk on into this terraced house and feel at home instantly. Good space throughout and ready to move into straight away and enjoy. Sunny aspect low maintenance rear garden to be enjoyed in those summer months.
"GARAGE & OFF ROAD PARKING! Jeffries & Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this two bedroom, terraced property located in Sutton Close, Anchorage Park. Ideally suited to first time or investment buyers, this property offers a selection of benefits. Accommodation comprises a 15ft recept..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom, mid-terraced property located in Queens Road, North End. The spacious accommodation on offer comprises two reception rooms, a modern fitted kitchen, a modern fitted downstairs bathroom, plus three bedrooms. Additional ben..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £264,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £400,000"
"This stylish and eye-catching terraced property in Holland Road is now available to view with Lawson Rose. Offered with no forward chain, the property provides a brilliant open plan living space with a contemporary fitted kitchen and stylish bathroom suite at the rear. Ground floor has been recen..."
"** MID TERRACED HOME ** MODERN THROUGHOUT ** POTENTIAL NO ONWARD CHAIN ** We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, End terraced home situated in the popular location of Stamshaw Road, Portsmouth. Conveniently located from North End High Street, the property is within walkin..."
TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH ALLOCATED PARKING! An opportunity to purchase an apartment in the popular Admiralty Quarter Development. This well-presented two bedroom apartment is situated on the fourth floor of Unicorn House with a westerly aspect balcony and views over the lovely communal gardens....
"** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** CLOSE TO LOCAL SHOPS ** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION ** We are please to bring to the sales market this bay and forecourt, mid terraced house in the popular location of Baffins, Portsmouth. Situated just a short walk from shops, Schools/College and Baffins Pond it i..."
"This traditional bay-fronted terrace house is presented in reasonable condition throughout with modern kitchen and bathroom fittings and a neutral decor throughout. An ideal buy-to-let investment in a popular residential location, the internal accommodation comprises: bay-fronted living room, sep..."
"Spacious and well-presented family home located in Stamshaw Rd. This property must be seen internally to appreciate the size on offer! Living room 22'4 x 13'1, downstairs shower room and fitted kitchen/breakfast room 20'8 x 8'6. To the 1st floor there are two double bedrooms, modern bathroom and ..."
"Well presented terraced house located just off Fawcett Road. This lovely home has been refurbished and offers contemporary styled interiors. The ground floor comprises a spacious lounge/diner, modern fitted kitchen and a shower room, along with a small utility room with access to th..."
* Three bedroom house with upstairs bathroom * We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom house in the heart of Portsmouth.
"We are pleased to welcome to the market this three bedroom mid terraced property located in Leominster Road, Paulsgrove. This home is well presented throughout and would make the perfect first time purchase. The layout downstairs consists of an entrance porch, large lounge roo..."
***THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS***STUNNING BATHROOM***MODERN KITCHEN***WELL PRESENTED***NO CHAIN***360 TOUR***
"Offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN is this three bedroom terraced house. Benefitting from two reception rooms, a kitchen with utility area, bathroom & private rear garden. Proven to be an ideal investment or first time purchase, located close to Eastney's local shops, Bransbury Park & Southsea seafront."
"Well-presented three bedroom end of terrace house located in Portsmouth and offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! Offering spacious rooms, plus the benefit of a sun room and downstairs cloakroom. The front door and most of the windows have been replaced by current owners they have also added new carpets..."
"QUICK SALE REQUIRED! View now... Three bedroom terraced house located in Portsmouth, WELL PRESENTED! and spacious rooms. Must be seen internally. Offered with no onward chain. Entrance hallway, living room, modern fitted kitchen, dining room, sun room and w.c To the 1st floor there floor there a..."
Offered with no forward chain! Nestled in a quiet road in Milton lies this well-presented end of terrace house. The property benefits from an open plan lounge/diner which leads through to a galley style kitchen and a reception room with access to a low maintenance rear garden. On the first floor ...
We have pleasure in marketing for sale this well presented and deceptively SPACIOUS ground floor apartment with its own PRIVATE entrance situated in a very convenient central Southsea location directly opposite Southsea Common and the SEAFRONT. The main shopping facilities are within easy walking...
"We are pleased to present this two bedroom terraced house situated in Collingwood Road, Southsea."
*INVESTMENT BUYERS ONLY* We are delighted to be offering for sale a three bedroom apartment located in Central Southsea and close to the Sea front.
"An immaculately presented terraced house located just off Fawcett Road in a quiet no through road. This lovely home has been refurbished to a high standard and offers contemporary styled interiors ready to move straight into. The ground floor contains a spacious lounge/diner, mo..."
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this NEWLY REFURBISHED THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME IN THE HEART OF NORTH END. Every aspect of this property has been modernised to accommodate todays discerning buyer and comes to the market offering no forward chain so speed of sale is definitely ...
"GARAGE*! We are delighted to offer for sale this three double bedroom, end of terrace property located in Whitworth Road, Copnor. Accommodation comprises a 20ft kitchen/dining room, a 12ft reception room, a four piece downstairs bathroom, with three bedrooms and a W.C to the first floor. The gard..."
"END OF TERRACE & POTENTIAL FOR OFF ROAD PARKING! This three double bedroom, end of terrace property makes an excellent addition to the sales market and is offered for sale by our Portsmouth branch. With NO FORWARD CHAIN, accommodation comprises two reception rooms and a 28ft kitchen/dining ro..."
"Prime SEAFRONT location with DELIGHTFUL OUTLOOK ACROSS SOUTHSEA COMMON for this purpose-built TWO BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT having lift service, secure entry, wide sun balcony, double-glazing, and non-allocated residents' parking; keenly priced to reflect the NEED FOR GENERAL MODERNISA..."
"**VIEW OUR 360 VIRTUAL TOUR** We have the pleasure of marketing for sale this two bedroom ground floor apartment situated in the HIGHLY REQUESTED marina complex of Gunwharf Quays. A short stroll to the many designer shops, bars, restaurants and leisure facilities in Gunwharf, this property is als..."
"A two bedroom rarely available third floor front aspect retirement apartment with panoramic Common, Solent and Isle of Wight views."
"WELL-PRESENTED TWO BEDROOM HOME WITH WEST FACING GARDEN & NO FORWARD CHAIN! Situated along the popular Suffolk Road, Southsea, a short stroll from Bransbury Park, is this well-presented mid terraced home. The internal accommodation provides two double bedrooms, separate lounge and dining room..."
"Amazing and rarely available is this high return investment, two bedroom ""New York"" style apartment in a prominent Southsea location, walking distance to the shops and seafront. Refurbished and furnished to an extremely high standard, AST professional tenants on £1,250 per mo..."
"Amazing and rarely available is this high return investment two bedroom maisonette in a prominent Southsea location, walking distance to the shops and seafront. Refurbished and furnished to an extremely high standard, allocated parking, AST professional tenants on £1,295 per month plus all b..."
"I am pleased to present to the market this immaculate, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM house to the market. This property has recently been redecorated throughout and is being offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN, therefore making it the ideal first time buy or a buy to let property. Close to shops and amenities."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom, terraced property located in Bosham Road, Copnor. Ground floor accommodation comprises two reception rooms, a fitted kitchen, a conservatory, a downstairs W.C and a utility cupboard. The first floor consists of three bedrooms ..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £251,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £380,000"
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this very SPACIOUS one bedroom apartment conveniently situated on the first floor of this LUXURIOUS retirement complex located on Southsea sea front. Designed for the over 70's with residents benefiting from McCarth...
"Days estates Southsea are delighted to welcome to the market this three bedroom mid terrace house in the popular location of Shearer road , Portsmouth. The property is being offered with no forward chain and boasts two reception rooms and a kitchen on the ground floor, then moving upstairs you ..."
"***THREE BEDROOMS & GARAGE!*** Well presented, THREE BEDROOM mid terrace family home situated in the ever popular location of Lime Grove. The spacious accommodation comprises; entrance porch, open plan lounge/dining room & kitchen. Upstairs are three well-proportioned bedrooms and family ..."
"This one bedroom retirement flat is situated on the first floor of this popular complex which is suitable for those aged 55 and over. With scope for modernisation, the accommodation comprises; entrance hall with intercom entry system, living/dining room with views of the communal grounds, a fitte..."
"*** MODERN THREE BEDROOM PROPERTY WITH PARKING*** We are delighted to be welcoming to the market this beautiful and modern, three bedroom, mid-terrace home, in a sought after and central location, in close proximity to local amenities Ideal for Investors, first time buyers and ..."
"Chain Free! This spacious mid-terraced bay and forecourt property would definitely suit both investors and first time buyers. Ernest Road is close to shops, schools, travel links and town centre."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this REFURBISHED and deceptively spacious three bedroom GARDEN APARTMENT situated in this popular central location just a short walk to Southsea Seafront, the main shopping precinct at Palmerston Road and FASHIONABLE di..."
"We are delighted to offer this three-bedroom family home to the market which we believe would make an ideal first time buy purchase. The property has been well maintained by its current owner and provides a spacious lounge, open plan modern kitchen dining area, cloakroom, three bedrooms and ..."
* NO FORWARD CHAIN * We are delighted to welcome to market this stunning two bedroom house in the highly sought after location of Copnor. This property is finished to such a high standard and is a must see.
"***STUNNING APARTMENT...FULLY REFURBISHED*** Having benefitted from a thorough refurbishment and dressed to a beautiful standard, this luxury apartment is being offered with no forward chain and hence would make a wonderful home, as well as a buy-to-let investment This first flo..."
"This traditional bay & forecourt property is located moments away from Bransbury Park and could make for an ideal first-time home. Offered with no forward chain, the accommodation comprises of an open plan living space, fitted kitchen and rear conservatory with double doors out to the enclose..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this 2 bedroom 1st floor apartment with allocated parking and being sold with a share of freehold. Located in Central Southsea and just a short walk to seafront, Palmerston Road Shopping Precinct, bars, restaurants, cafes, bus routes, Gunwharf Quays and mainline t..."
Offered with no forward chain! Beals are delighted to welcome to market this four bedroom mid terrace town house nestled in a quiet cul-de-sac location with a driveway. The property is set over three floor and has ample living accommodation. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappointment.
***LAST COUPLE OF APPARTMENTS LEFT*** HMP Kingston was built in 1877 and has had a varied history. In 1965 capital punishment for was abolished and Kingston began exclusively holding inmates serving life sentences. Kingston Prison became the only prison in England and Wales to hav...
"We are delighted to introduce to the sales market, this fantastic two bedroom, end of terrace property set back in a quiet cul-de-sac This wonderful property would make an ideal purchase for first time buyers, being neutrally decorated throughout no work is needed, you would simply need ..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: PUBLIC NOTICE Leaders are now in receipt of an offer for the sum of £250,000 for 182 Fawcett Road . Anyone wishing to place an offer on this property..."
"** IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR BUY TO LET IN PREMIUM LOCATION ** We are delighted to bring to market this well appointed terraced house just off Albert Road, Southsea. Ideal for either a first time buyer, couple, single occupant or buy-to-let investor, this great home has much to offer. ..."
"***NICELY PRESENTED***TWO BEDROOMS***CONVENIENT LOCATION***REAR PEDSTRIAN ACCESS***SOUTH FACING GARDEN***360 VIRTUAL TOUR*** A lovely two bedroomed house, ready to move in with a south facing garden which has rear pedestrian access. Perfect for an investor or FTB."
" A brick fronted middle terraced house situated in a popular residential location close to many amenities and offered with no forward chain. At ground floor level the accommodation provides: Entrance hall, living room, open plan kitchen/diner and shower room. The first floor has three good size..."
"Very well presented three bedroom terrace family home offered with private rear garden and garage to the rear. The property has been well maintained by the current owner and has an open plan newly fitted kitchen/dining space, spacious lounge, three bedrooms, modern bathroom, ground floor WC, low ..."
"A two bedroom mid terrace house with through lounge/dining room and a westerly facing rear garden situated south of albert, with rear workshop."
"Walk on into this terraced house and feel at home instantly. Short distance to central Southsea, Albert Road , the seafront and beach. An absolute must see, view now."
"Three bedroom mid terraced family home. Two reception rooms, conservatory, first floor bathroom and garage."
"A traditional brick built home in an established residential area in need of general updating offering: FOUR BEDROOMS, entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen with dining area, ground floor bathroom and first floor cloakroom, off street parking, generous rear garden and NO ONWARD CHAIN."
*NEW INSTRUCTION* AJM Estates are delighted to offer to the open market for sale this THREE bedroom terraced house in central Cosham. Situated within close proximity to all the local shops and amenities on offer in the busy High Street shopping centre. The property also offers easy access to ...
"**NO FORWARD CHAIN** NEXA Properties are delighted to be offering this three bedroom linked semi detached house situated on Eastney Road, Southsea."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! Beals Estate Agents are pleased to present for sale this three bedroom, terraced house located in Lower Derby Road, Stamshaw. This property is suitable to first time buyers or investors and brings a variety of benefits. In addition to two three double bedrooms, the accommodation..."
"Offered for sale with No Forward Chain, this 3 Bedroom House in Lime Grove, Paulsgrove also has the fantastic benefit of a Garage. With a West Facing Garden, 2 Reception Rooms, upstairs bathroom and downstairs cloakroom, this property also benefits from Double Glazing and Gas Central Heating. ..."
"** NEW TO THE MARKET ** ** CLOSE TO SHOPS, RESTAURANTS AND BARS ** ** PERFECT FIRST PURCHASE ** This first floor THREE BEDROOM apartment is conveniently located in the heart of Southsea. Somewhat of a rarity benefitting from three bedrooms this would make a great work from home solution ..."
Spacious two bedroom mid-terrace property in the heart of Portsmouth with garage to rear.
"***GUIDE PRICE £255,000- £260,000*** We are proud to present this spacious three bedroom family home located in the heart of Portsmouth."
"*SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME* We are delighted to introduce this spacious three bedroom, family home in the sought after location of Langford Road."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! LARGE CELLAR, GREAT POTENTIAL! This bay & forecourt property located in a popular residential Southsea Location. In need of some general moderisation, the property provides a spacious open plan living area, along with a fitted kitchen, downstairs W/C and a conservatory that ..."
Chain Free! The perfect option for anyone looking for a property they can add value to. This spacious home has both off road parking and a generous back garden.
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN!*** THREE BEDROOM bay & forecourt, mid terrace house situated in the ever popular location of Nelson Avenue offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! The spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, living room with bay window, dining room with bay window, kitchen & bathroom. U..."
Chain Free! Bosham Road is located in the heart of Portsmouth North End. This spacious property would suit a growing family perfectly.
"***THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME*** We are thrilled to welcome to the sales market, this three bedroom terraced house located in the sought after area of Powerscourt Road, within close proximity of local amenities. Benefitting from an excellent standard, this wonderful property wou..."
"** IDEAL FIRST TIME PURCHASE ** COMPLETE ONWARD CHAIN ** We are pleased to bring to the sales market this three bedroom, mid terraced house situated along Carnarvon Road, Portsmouth. This property would be perfect for those looking to buy their first home or a solid buy to let investmen..."
"This well-proportioned two bedroom first floor flat in central southsea has off road allocated parking and is now available to view with Lawson Rose. Situated on Marmion Road, moments away from local bars, restaurants and shops, the property could make for an ideal first time or investment purcha..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £240,00-£250,000***We are delighted to offer for sale this lovely extended semi-detached family home situated in the popular location of Deerhurst Crescent which is close to a wide range of local amenities and transport links."
"** SOLD WITH TENANT IN SITU ** A fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious two bedroom apartment located just a short stroll from Southsea seafront and Palmerston Road shopping precinct with its array of shops, bars & restaurants. Located on the top floor, this property ha..."
" This three bedroom bay and forecourt family home is located in a popular part of North End. The interior comprises of; entrance porch, living room, a spacious and open plan kitchen diner spanning in excess of 27ft, with side bay window to complete the ground floor. Upstairs holds three bedroom..."
"OFF ROAD PARKING! Jeffries & Dibbens are pleased to offer for sale this two bedroom, mid-terraced property located in Warspite Close, Hilsea. Accommodation on offer comprises a 13ft lounge, a 12ft kitchen/diner, an upstairs family bathroom, plus two bedrooms. Additional benefits include doubl..."
Mid terraced house - No forward chain. - Two Double Bedrooms - Two Separate Reception Rooms. Modern Fitted Kitchen and Bathroom. DG & GCH Landscaped Rear Garden. Ideal Starter Home or Long Term Rental Investment. View Today..? 
"Landlord to Landlord sale of this purpose built two bedroomed first floor apartment located in central Southsea in the immediate vicinity of the Palmerston Road shopping centre and the Albert Road shopping and entertainment area. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, a living room of which ..."
"TWO BEDROOM HOME WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN! A great opportunity to acquire this well-presented, mid terrace home found in one of Southsea's popular residential pockets. Tranmere Road is an excellent location, close by to local shops, transport links and of course the lovely Bransbury park at the end ..."
"CASH BUYERS ONLY! In need of major renovation, this three bedroom, terraced property located in Chichester Road, North End is offered for sale by our Portsmouth branch. Accommodation comprises two reception rooms, a kitchen (unfitted), three double bedrooms and an upstairs family bathroom. Added ..."
"Enjoy the space in this two bedroom apartment, featuring a light & spacious open-plan kitchen, dining & living space, a double bedroom, and a single bedroom with a separate bathroom.
This apartment has plenty of storage space to take advantage of."
"The Ambersham is a flexible 2 bedroom apartment designed for sociable living. The open-plan kitchen, lounge and dining area is the perfect space to entertain friends and family and also benefits from a juliet balcony welcoming plenty of natural light. This modern apartment hosts a large double be..."
A rare opportunity to own a terraced home on Whale Island Way. This well proportioned home is going to be perfect for investors and first time buyers alike.
"This two bedroom, bay & forecourt terraced property is a short walk from Fratton Station, has an upstairs bathroom plus its being offered with no forward chain! Situated on Jessie Road, we believe this property could make for an ideal first time or investment purchase, offering a lounge with ..."
"This two bedroom, mid terraced property is located close to local shops and amenities and is being offered with no forward chain! Situated on Middlesex Road, we believe this could make for an ideal first time or investment purchase as the property offers two separate reception rooms, a modern bat..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this CHARMING apartment situated on the GROUND FLOOR of this beautiful Grade ll Listed Victorian terrace within sight of Southsea seafront and just around the corner from the main shopping facilities and the many bars, ..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: INVESTMENT OPPERTUNITY SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: Three bedroom terraced house in popular location, with a tenant in situ this property would make the ideal investment purchase. To the ground floor your..."
***THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS***UPSTAIRS BATHROOM***UPGRADING POTENTIAL***GOOD LOCATION***
"An excellent first purchase opportunity: enjoying a convenient cul-de-sac location, this well-appointed and attractively presented TWO BEDROOM HOUSE benefits from replacement double-glazing, gas fired central heating, equipped kitchen, conservatory, upstairs wet room, and utility room with add..."
"Chain Free! This beautiful apartment is situated within walking distance to the sea front. It is in good condition throughout and has a sunny aspect. The property has a secured intercom access, tripled glazed windows and storage heaters. Please call the office today to arrange a viewing."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, terraced property located in Cardiff Road, North End. This property makes a suitable first time or investment purchase and provides a selection of benefits. Ground floor accommodation comprises two reception rooms and a fitted kitchen, with a..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are pleased to offer for sale this two double bedroom, terraced property located in Clive Road, Fratton. Ground floor accommodation comprises a 25ft reception room, a fitted kitchen and a downstairs W.C/utility room. The first floor consists of a family bathroom and two doub..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to offer for sale, this three double bedrooms, terraced residence located in Balliol Road, Buckland. Close to local amenities and offered with no onward chain, this property offers a selection of benefits to the discerning buyer. Accommodation comprises a 22ft r..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: REFURBISHED THROUGHOUT TO A HIGH STANDARD: IDEAL INVESTMENT SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: Three bedroom double bay terraced house within walking distance to local shops and transport links, this property would make th..."
We are thrilled to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom house in the heart of Portsmouth. This property is being offered with no forward chain so is a must see.
"Two bedroom mid-terraced house located on Dunbar Road, Southsea. With no forward chain and plenty of potential through out, making it perfect for a first time buyer or family home. Please call us now."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this well presented 3 bedroom family home. This property is located in a popular area Fratton, which is in central Portsmouth. Viewings are highly recommended to avoid disappointment. Call the team to book your viewing today. COUNC..."
"TWO BEDROOMS, WEST FACING GARDEN & NO FORWARD CHAIN! This two bedroom semi-detached property can be found south of Albert Road in Leopold Street, Southsea. The internal accommodation comprises; lounge, kitchen/diner and bathroom on the ground floor. With two double bedrooms to the first floor..."
"**TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS - OPEN PLAN LIVING SPACE - END OF TERRACE** We are delighted to welcome to the market this stunning two bedroom property in Cranleigh road - Portsmouth. On entrance to the property we are greeted by the first reception room, which is flooded with natural li..."
Your Move are delighted to offer this lovely three bedroom terrace home to open market with two reception rooms and upstairs bathroom. We highly recommend viewings to appreciate the size of this family home. EPC Grade D Council Tax Band B
"A spacious terraced home in central Portsmouth, finished to a great standard. Close to all amenities with fantastic travel lines, this home is the perfect option for first time buyers or investors alike!"
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** PERFECT FIRST TIME PURCHASE ** Bernard's are delighted to offer for sale, this mid terraced bay and forecourt house. With spacious rooms throughout and modern fitted kitchen it is perfect for those looking for their first home, buy to let or even upsizing. "
"ATTENTION INVESTORS Days Estates Southsea are delighted to welcome to the market this 2 bedroom home in the sought after area of Aylesbury Road, Copnor, Portsmouth. The property is in good decorative order and boasts two double bedrooms, two reception rooms , a fitted kitchen and bathroom. ..."
*** NO FORWARD CHAIN *** TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** OPEN PLAN LIVING SPACE *** MID TERRACE *** BRILLIANT LOCATION *** CURRENTLY LET OUT *** GAS CENTRAL HEATING *** DOUBLE GLAZING THROUGHOUT *** MUST SEE ***
• No Forward Chain • Walking Distance to QA Hospital • Allocated Parking • Two Double Bedrooms • Enclosed Rear Garden • Modern Fitted Kitchen
"We are delighted to bring to market this Three Bedroom property located in the sought after area of Baffins. Boasting a living room and separate kitchen/dining area, three bedrooms and an upstairs bathroom. The property is a blank canvas ready for you to put your own touch on. With No Forward Cha..."
"*** CHAIN FREE*** We are delighted to welcome to market this three bedroom house in the heart of North End, Portsmouth."
"A large sympathetically converted two bedroom apartment in the heart of Southsea. Refurbished and presented to a high standard, this apartment offers ensuite to master with large open plan lounge/kitchen area. Ample storage from a cleverly designed Messene area, this apartment is a perfect firs..."
No Forward Chain! This three bedroom terraced property could make for an ideal first time or investment and is surprisingly spacious throughout. The accommodation comprises a large open plan living space and a sizable fitted kitchen dining room with a separate handy utility room. The first floor ...
***LAST FEW APARTMENTS REMAINING*** HMP Kingston was built in 1877 and has had a varied history. In 1965 capital punishment for was abolished and Kingston began exclusively holding inmates serving life sentences. Kingston Prison became the only prison in England and Wales to have ...
"We are delighted to be welcoming to the market this three bedroom mid-terrace home in a sought after location in close proximity to local amenities This property is ready to move into being chain free, this property boasts the perfect opportunity for the new buyers to put there own stamp..."
"***NO CHAIN*** **investors only** Based within the highly sought-after location of Southsea, is a beautifully presented two-bedroom semi-detached property, located within walking distance, or a short drive from various amenities, shops, train stations, and local schools. This home is per..."
"******OPEN DAY EVENT SAT 18TH MARCH ****** Great size! Two bedroom house located in a popular location in Milton. This house does require updating but offers spacious living. Offered with no onward chain. The property comprises: Entrance hallway. Living room with bay window to the front, Di..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom, terraced property in Westbourne Road, Copnor. The property offers a selection of benefits to the discerning buyer. Accommodation comprises two reception rooms, a fitted 10ft kitchen and a conservatory leading to a fully-enclosed, rear garden. A..."
"*HILL SLOPE LOCATION IDEAL FOR WALKS* *VIEWS ACROSS PORTSMOUTH & PORTCHESTER HARBOUR* AJM Estates are delighted to offer for sale this nicely presented three bedroom semi-detached house in the Paulsgrove area of Portsmouth. Situated in a hill slope location, ideal for walks and benefits from v..."
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, SOUTH FACING GARDEN & NO FORWARD CHAIN! New to the market is this well-presented Victorian, mid terraced home with southerly facing rear garden. The property is situated along Cleveland road, Southsea, close to local amenities in Fawcett Road, Fratton train station and ot..."
"EXTENDED, WELL-PRESENTED HOME WITH WEST FACING GARDEN & NO FORWARD CHAIN! New to the market is this two bedroom mid terrace home situated along the highly popular Londesborough Road, Southsea. The internal accommodation, which has been extensively modernised by the current owner, has a really..."
"81ft SOUTH FACING GARDEN & NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, terraced property located in Winchester Road, Buckland. Well presented throughout, this property offers a selection of benefits. Accommodation comprises two reception rooms, a fitted shower roo..."
Offered with no forward chain! Beals are delighted to welcome this two bedroom mid terrace house with a C4 license currently let to three students earning £1250 PCM. Arrange a viewing today to avoid missing out.
NO FORWARD CHAIN: INVESTMENT OPPERTUNITY SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU: EASY ACCESS TO EASTERN ROAD: OFF ROAD PARKING: Two bedroom terraced house in popular anchorage park location sold with tenants in situ providing a yield of 5.7% this property would make the ideal investment opportunit...
Situated along Malta Road in Buckland this three-bedroom end of terrace property holds great potential for anyone looking to buy their first home or invest into a solid BTL property. Call us today to get booked in on .
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £235,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £355,000"
"This terraced property in Trevor Road is not far from local amenities on Albert Road and is being offered with no forward chain! Well-presented throughout, the home provides two separate reception rooms, along with a modern fitted kitchen and fitted bathroom suite, with the first floor then provi..."
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this fabulous TWO BEDROOM mid Terrace house (which was formerly a THREE bed) in the heart of Fratton. Modern throughout making this a perfect first time buyer purchase or perhaps investment property the house has been well looked after. The rear...
A two bedroom two reception room mid terrace single bay and forecourt house situated close to Fratton Station.
***FULLY REFURBISHED***TWO BEDROOMS***COURT YARD GARDEN***360 VIRTUAL TOUR***NO CHAIN***
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £231,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £350,000"
"This two bedroom, mid terraced property in a popular residential area of Southsea is being offered with no forward chain! Located in Landguard Road, this property could be ideal for a first time or perhaps investment buyer and provides two separate reception rooms, with a fitted kitchen and bathr..."
Offered with no forward chain! Beal's are delighted to welcome to market this three bedroom mid-terrace house with fantastic living space and a garage to the rear. Arrange a viewing today to avoid missing out
"Bernards Portsmouth are delighted to introduce to the market, this modern three bedroom, mid terrace property in a sought after location Internally, the ground floor consists of a large lounge/diner, measuring over twenty two foot in length which is flooded with natural from the dual asp..."
"**PERFECT FIRST TIME PURCHASE ** NO FORWARD CHAIN** IDEAL BTL OPPORTUNITY ** We are delighted to introduce to the sales market, this spacious two bedroom, mid terrace property in a central Portsmouth location Internally, the ground floor consists of a large lounge/diner, measur..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this desirable ""Starter Home"" in the highly sort after area of Portsmouth. Glencoe Road is a very central location close to public transport, local shops, schools and main arterial roads into and out of the city. This home comes to market ready ..."
***THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS***INTERIOR UPGRADE OPPORTUNITY***LOW MAINTENANCE GARDEN***GOOD CITY LOCATION***360 VIRTUAL TOUR** An opportunity to create a new contemporary interior in this city home. In good condition but could be transformed over time.
** THREE BEDROOMS ** TWO BATHROOMS ** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Bernards Portsmouth are delighted to welcome to the market this well presented three bedroom property in the sought after location of Gruneisen Road. The property has benefitted from a redecoration throughout and would make a great...
"***NICELY PRESENTED***THREE BEDROOMS***LARGE KITCHEN DINING ROOM***NO FORWARD CHAIN***PRIVATE GARDEN***360 VIRTUAL TOUR*** A lovely three bedroomed house, ready to move into and with a large modern kitchen dining room and cloakroom. Perfect for an investor or FTB."
"Situated within the heart of Southsea this two bedroom home will make an ideal first time buy, family home or investment. Demand will be high so book your viewing now !"
"We are delighted to introduce to the market, this modern two bedroom mid-terrace property in the heart of the sought after area of Cyprus Road in close proximity to local amenities On entry to the property, you are greeted by a spacious lounge/diner which measures over 24ft and is floo..."
Set in the sought after location of Copnor this two bedroom property has no onward chain. The property is walking distance from shops and local amenities and Southsea seafront is a short commute away including Gun Wharf Quays. Lynn Road would suit a first time buyer or an investor so call us on 0...
"Two bedroom terraced house located in a great location just off the High Street in Cosham. All local shops, bars, restaurants and the train station are all within minutes walking distance. This property does require some updating but offers good size living accommodation. Other benefits include..."
"AN IDEAL FIRST TIME OR INVESTMENT PURCHASE. A two bedroom middle terrace house located in Stamshaw, Portsmouth. This property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating system, lounge, kitchen/dining room, utility room, first floor bathroom, enclosed rear garden, bay and forecourt, and OFF..."
 A TWO BEDROOM RETIREMENT APARTMENT SITUATED ON THE THIRD FLOOR BENEFITING FROM A BATHROOM AND A SEPARATE CLOAKROOM Holmbush Court was constructed by McCarthy & Stone (Developments) Ltd and comprises 97 properties arranged over 4 floors each served by lift. Holmbush Court is conveniently l...
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY Days estates Southsea , are delighted to welcome to the market this two double bedroom top floor flat in the much sought after location of Norfolk street , Southsea. The property is being offered with no forward chain , and will have a new lease extension ready for the..."
"Luxury two bed apartment situated to the first floor of this detached,converted Victorian period house circa 1890. The apartment occupies the entire level beyond the stairwell and blends period architecture with contemporary styling,. The property can be offered with vacant possession no forward ..."
"GARAGE! We are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom, terraced property located in Ranelagh Road, Stamshaw. In addition to three bedrooms to the first floor, accommodation comprises a 20ft living room/diner, a downstairs WC, a family bathroom and a 15ft fitted kitchen. Added benefits inclu..."
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT! We are excited to offer for sale this two bedroom, mid-terraced property located in Shakespeare Road, Fratton. This property has been renovated by the current owners and accommodation on offer comprises three reception rooms, the second of which opens onto the mo..."
"Sold with no forward chain, this traditional two bedroom bay and forecourt terrace home provides a fantastic opportunity for a purchaser to renovate to their own taste and standards, whist adding value. The internal accommodation comprises; bay fronted dining room, separate lounge with feature fi..."
"Offered with no forward chain is this well presented, ground floor apartment is located in Victoria Road South in central Southsea, close to local shops, bars and restaurants. Its proximity to the best Southsea has to offer means this could make for a great first time or investment opportunity. T..."
A great mid terraced house located in Eastney. This property is ready for the next buyer to make their own.
"Three bedroom family home located in a popular location in Southsea. This property does require updating and is offered with no onward chain. Entrance to a great size living/dining room, large storage room, fitted kitchen and downstairs shower room. The 1st floor holds bedroom two and the top flo..."
"This ground floor apartment with modern fitted kitchen and bathroom is close to everything Southsea has to offer. This is a must see apartment, do not miss out."
"STUNNING GROUND FLOOR FLAT WITH ALLOCATED PARKING AND NO FORWARD CHAIN! A beautifully presented and spacious two bedroom apartment situated within the well regarded Admirals House along Gisors Road. Found on the ground floor within this exclusive Berkeley development, the accommodation comprises ..."
NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: Two bedroom terraced house within walking distance to local shops and bus routes in and out of the city this property would make the ideal first time purchase or investmen...
Two bedroom terraced house situated in a cul-de-sac location with allocated off street parking. Ideal buy to let or first time buyer home. 
"Beal's are delighted to welcome to market this stunning two bedroom ground floor apartment with parking, open plan living space modern kitchen and bathroom. The property is within close proximity to Albert road and other local amenities. Arrange a viewing today to avoid missing out."
"We are pleased to welcome to the market this two bedroom mid terrace property located in Bevis Road, Portsmouth. The property consists of a lounge room to the front with a bay window and an open plan kitchen diner to the rear. Moving upstairs there are two double bedrooms and ..."
"AJM Estates are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom terraced house in the Paulsgrove area of Portsmouth. Key features include; two reception rooms, kitchen, utility and two shower rooms. Other benefits include; gas heating via radiators and the property is offered with no forward chain. ..."
"NO CHAIN!! Three bedroom end of terraced house which has been modernised internally and externally by the current owner. The property comprises: entrance hallway, lounge, and fitted kitchen/breakfast room with doors to the rear garden. To the 1st floor there is a larger than average re fitted ..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We are delighted to offer for sale this lovely two bedroom, top floor apartment situated in a FANTASTIC central Southsea location virtually on the doorstop of the main shopping precinct with its wide choice of cafes, bars and restaurants as well as just a sh..."
"A well maintained bay-fronted starter/investment property in a central location offering: TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, entrance lobby, lounge, fitted kitchen with dining area, a generous first floor bathroom and delightful enclosed rear garden. "
"This spacious second floor, one bedroom apartment is located within 'Sovereign House, Langstone Court and is offered with no forward chain. The accommodation is in good decorative order and comprises; spacious reception hallway, double bedroom, living/dining area with doors opening to a south..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £225,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £340,000"
"POTENTIAL FOR OFF ROAD PARKING! This three bedroom bay & forecourt style property is located in Twyford Avenue, Stamshaw and is offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN! Accommodation comprises three bedrooms to the first floor in addition to the family bathroom. The ground floor offers a 23' lounge/din..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £221,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £335,000"
"***TWO BEDROOMS***HEART OF PORTSMOUTH***CHARACTER KITCHEN***MODERN BATHROOM***CLEAN WHITE DECOR***NO FORWARD CHAIN***360 TOUR*** A lovely two bedroomed house in the heart of Portsmouth. Two large double rooms, modern bathroom and character kitchen. Stripped back wooden flooring and no forward ..."
"Chain Free! This mid-terraced home is located in Stamshaw, Jervis Road is a well proportioned starter home. Close to shops, schools, parks and travel links."
"TO BE SOLD BY PUBLIC AUCTION 23 MARCH 2023. GUIDE PRICE:  £220,000+ OF INTEREST TO BUILDERS AND INVESTORS IN PARTICULAR:  the well-situated and spacious THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOUSE with gas fired central heating, replacement double-glazing, and 45ft garden. NOW REQUI..."
INTRODUCTION: Offered with no forward chain! We are delighted to welcome to market this stunning three bedroom end of terrace house in a popular location within North End. The property boasts open plan living space perfect for a family and off road parking to the rear. Arrange a viewing today to ...
"Situated within the heart of a popular residential location of Portsmouth, this well presented mid terrace house which enjoys a westerly facing garden would make a great purchase for anyone looking to get on to the property ladder. EPC - D Council Tax Band - B Viewing..."
***UPSTAIRS BATHROOM***TWO BEDROOMS***PAVED GARDEN***OPEN PLAN LIVING***LARGE KITCHEN***VIRTUAL 360 TOUR*** A tidy two bed house. Ready for an investor or alternatively perfect for a FTB looking for a move-in house with opportunity to personalise.
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND FRATTON TRAIN STATION: Two bedroom terraced house in central Fratton location, within walking distance to local shops, cafes and Fratton Train Station this property would make the ideal fir..."
We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom house in a popular road close to North End high street.
**TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT ** ALLOCATED PARKING - LAST COUPLE AVAILABLE** We are delighted to offer this brand new converted two bedroom apartment with allocated parking to the market. The property is ground floor and features an open plan kitchen and living room with white goods i...
"Call Mann now, dont miss out! Beautifully presented and located in a requested location of Armory Lane in Old Portsmouth and must be seen internally. This property benefits from being light and spacious for a one bedroom flat. Entrance hallway, living room archway to fitted kitchen, master bedro..."
"This Attractive 1 bedroom Retirement Apartment in Simmonds Lodge has a Sunny South Facing Aspect. Located close to Drayton shops, Cosham High Street, QA Hospital and on the bus route to Havant, Commercial Road and Gunwharf Quays this retirement development was built in 2016 and is Modern, Welc..."
"We are pleased to bring to market this spacious three bedroom end of terrace property in the Barnes Road, Portsmouth."
" Offered with no forward chain is this sea front ground floor apartment. It has it's own entrance and southerly facing courtyard garden with some mature shrubs offering privacy from the road. As you walk through the front door, you will find a great size living room and open plan kitchen and d..."
*** NO FORWARD CHAIN *** TWO BEDROOMS *** MID-TERRACE *** CENTRAL PORTSMOUTH LOCATION *** CURRENTLY LET FOR £750 PCM *** MUST SEE ***
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this 3 bedroom student rental currently let for £1400pcm. Situated in a prime location with a C4 Licence it is sure to attract a great deal of interest.
"TO BE SOLD BY PUBLIC AUCTION 23 MARCH 2023. GUIDE PRICE:  £210,000-£220,000. OF INTEREST TO BUILDERS & INVESTORS, this conveniently situated, extended FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOUSE, modernised in the past but NOW REQUIRING REFURBISHMENT.
"
"Situated within the heart of Southsea, sits this beautifully presented two bedroom split level apartment, which is offered with no forward chain. The property is conveniently located within walking distance of Castle Road and Elm Grove, where local shops and amenities can be found. The internal a..."
"With allocated off-road parking and communal gardens, this beautifully presented two-bedroom apartment is offered to the market with no forward chain. Occupying the ground floor, the accommodation comprises; entrance hall with intercom entry system, two double bedrooms, a fitted bathroom complete..."
"***TWO BEDROOM FAMILY HOME*** We are delighted to introduce to the market, this two bedroom mid-terrace property in the heart of the sought after area of Manchester Road in close proximity to local amenities On entry to the property, you are greeted by the first reception room ..."
"Your Move are delighted to offer this fantastic two double bedroom modern home in Southsea with parking, perfect for first time buyer or investors. EPC Grade D Council Tax Band B"
"**TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS WITH UPSTAIRS BATHROOM** We are delighted to welcome to the market this spacious two bedroom mid- terraced property within North End, Portsmouth."
"We are thrilled to welcome to the market this spacious two bedroom mid terraced property located on Chesterfield Road, situated within the highly sought after Baffins, Portsmouth."
"Being Sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £220,000
Cash buyers only due to bowing flank wall. Beals are delighted to welcome to market this stunning three bedroom end of terrace house in a popular location within North End. The property boasts open..."
"***CHAIN FREE*** We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom house in the heart of North End, Portsmouth."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this two double bedroom, terraced property located in Newcome Road, Fratton. Suitable for a first time or investment buyer, this property offers a selection of benefits. Accommodation comprises two reception rooms, a fitted kitchen, two double bedrooms and a bat..."
"Located with in the central Portsmouth district of Fratton on the boarders of Southsea this mid terraced house circa 1900 offers accommodation over two levels comprising two separate reception rooms, modern fitted kitchen and bathroom plus two double bedrooms to the upper level. Features include ..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £218,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £330,000"
"*SHOW HOME READY NOW WITH FOUR REMAINING* All apartments feature superb open-plan living, modern fitted kitchens and bathrooms, with market-leading levels of finish and interior Specification."
"CLICK FOR TO VIEW OUR VIDEO TOUR - Stunning 2 Bedroom NEW BUILD apartments, NO STAMP DUTY FOR 1ST TIME BUYERS, Open plan with INTEGRATED BRAND APPLIANCES, fantastic size, OFF ROAD PARKING, energy efficient & Cost Savings"
"** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OFFERING FANTATSIC YIELD ** We are delighted to offer this deceptively large ground floor flat with own front door in a popular central location for investors. Currently operating on a student let basis, this property would be an ideal purchase for someone looki..."
NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: POPULAR MILTON LOCATION: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: Two bedroom third floor apartment within walking distance to local shops and bus routes in and out of the city this property would make the ideal ...
RENOVATED ONE BEDROOM HOME WITH GARDEN! This rarely available end terraced home can be found in the heart of Southsea and is offered to the market with no forward chain. Exmouth Road is perfectly positioned with Palmerston and Albert Road shopping areas and the seafront all within a short walk. H...
"***SPLIT LEVEL APARTMENT IN PALMERSTON ROAD!*** Well presented, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM split level apartment situated in the highly sought after location of Palmerston Road offered with tenants in situ. The spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, 16'' approx open plan lounge/dining room, kit..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS AND INVESTORS. WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: ALLOCATED PARKING: Two bedroom apartment in central Portsmouth location, within walking distance to Gunwharf Quays and Commercial Road shopping centre, with a tenant in ..."
"A modern and well appointed two double bedroom, two bathroom ground floor apartment benefiting from a private terrace and allocated parking. Offered with no forward chain."
"OFF ROAD PARKING IN SOUTHSEA ! Days estates Southsea are delighted to bring to the market this two bedroom mid Terrance house in the much sought after location of Kassassin Street. The property is being offered with no forward chain and benefits from a open plan lounge / kitchen, upstairs bat..."
Superior 2 bed apartment with private off road parking and a 1/4 share of the freehold. Central Location - period semi detached house conversation. Internal viewing essential to fully appreciate the size and layout of the accommodation.
"OVER 60'S RETIREMENT FLAT Days Estates Southsea are delighted to welcome to the market this two bedroom retirement flat in the much sought after McCarthy & Stone development of Holmbush Court, Queens Crescent, Southsea. Located on the 2nd floor the property is being offered with no forwar..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES: Two bedroom end of terraced house, to the ground floor you will find open plan lounge/diner, kitchen, downstairs W/C and door leading to enclosed rear garden. To the first floor there is two bedr..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! Jeffries & Dibbens are pleased to offer for sale this two double bedroom, terraced property located in Gruneisen Road, Stamshaw. Accommodation comprises two double bedrooms, two reception rooms, a fitted kitchen and a downstairs family bathroom. Added benefits include double..."
"We are pleased to offer this 2 bedroom hall floor apartment located within minutes of Southsea Seafront, Southsea Common, Palmerston Road Shopping Precinct, bars, restaurants, cafes, coffee shops, bus routes and other amenities. The property is being sold with a share of freehold and can be offer..."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this deceptively SPACIOUS apartment situated on the ground floor of this ICONIC Southsea building located on a corner plot with communal gardens just north of the main SEAFRONT and only a short walk to Palmerston Road shopping precinct, bars, cafes and resta..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: EASY ACCESS IN AND OUT OF THE CITY: GARAGE: One bedroom terraced house in a Cul-De-Sac location in Anchorage Park, this property would make the ideal first time purchase or investment buy. Comprising of lounge/kit..."
"Your Move are delighted to bring this fantastic spacious top floor apartment to the sales market. The property has the rare addition of allocated parking, in a super central location, but hidden away from the busy throng of Southsea life. Viewings are highly recommended to appreciate t..."
**CHAIN FREE** We are delighted to welcome to the market this stunning two bedroom end of terraced property situated within walking distance of local amenities.
"**PUBLIC NOTICE - 112 Guildford Road, Portsmouth, Hampshire, PO1 5EB - We have received an offer of £210,000.00. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange of contracts takes place. EPC Rating D** NO ONWARD CHAIN! We are delighte..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £205,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £310,000"
"**TOWN HOUSE AND PARKING** INVESTORS ONLY ** Sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £205,000. T&C apply."
"Three bedroom Town House with parking and a long term tenant insitu. ** INVESTORS ONLY ** This Town House is a short walk from Portsmouth City Centre with a carport, off road parking and an enclosed paved garden to the rear, this town house is not one to be missed."
A SPACIOUS SPLIT LEVEL MAISONETTE SITUATED IN AN EXCELLENT CENTRAL LOCATION REPRESENTING AN EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY WITH TENANTS IN SITU AND HIGH YIELD. 
"We are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom, mid-terraced property located in Stamshaw Road, Stamshaw. Ideal for first time buyers and investors alike, accommodation comprises an 18ft reception room, a 15ft fitted kitchen, an upstairs bathroom, plus three bedrooms. Additional benefit..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £202,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £305,000"
"**TWO BEDROOM SPLIT LEVEL APARTMENT** **INVESTMENT ONLY** We welcome this spacious two-bedroom apartment which is located within easy reach of the train station, University and Gunwharf, the modern interior is neutrally decorated and offers versatile living on two separate floors, the in..."
NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL INVESTMENT SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES IN AND OUT OF THE CITY: Two bedroom first floor apartment within walking distance to local shops and bus routes in and out of the city. Sold with tenants in situ this property w...
"Superbly located in the heart of Southsea, is this beautifully presented one bedroom apartment. Located on the first floor, benefitting from a private outside terrace & car port parking. Southsea seafront is only a short walk away & a stones throw to Marmion & Palmerston Road's shops & restaurants."
"** TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** We are pleased to offer to the market this mid terraced, bay and forecourt house situated along the highly popular location of Mayhall Road, Copnor. This two bedroom, mid-terraced house is being offered For sale by Modern Method of ..."
A BRIGHT AND SPACIOUS HALL FLOOR CONVERSION FLAT SITUATED IN A HUGELY POPULAR LOCATION IN CENTRAL SOUTHSEA REPRESENTING AN EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. 
"This three bedroom maisonette is nestled in the heart of Southsea within close proximity to Southsea Common, local shops and amenities. The property boasts a large living space and a balcony. Arrange a viewing today to avoid missing out."
"Buyers Fees apply - see brochure for details. A very desirable two bedroom home with an upstairs bathroom is in the heart of Fratton. This spacious property is ready for a new buyer to move straight into. Offered with no forward chain. ""This property is for sale by the Modern Method of Auction. S..."
"*Parking option available* Offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN is this well presented two double apartment. An ideal first time or investment, benefitting from a modern fitted shower room, open plan kitchen/reception & loft room. Within walking distance to Southsea seafront, shops, pubs & restaurants."
"This 1st floor apartment can be found in this securely gated 'Citigait' development and has allocated off road parking. Perfectly situated for ease of access to Gunwharf Quays, Old Portsmouth and Southsea sea front as well as Portsmouth University, the property appeals to a variety of potential b..."
Walk on in and feel at home instantly. Good sized flexible accommodation throughout. A must see ground floor apartment with own sunny aspect rear garden. Do not miss out.
This exclusive Churchill retirement complex provides stylish and independent living for the over 60's. Located on the ground floor this immaculate two bedroom apartment was the former show flat for the development and we believe is therefore the largest apartment of this style in the block. The p...
Churchill Sales & Lettings are delighted to be marketing this lovely two bedroom ground floor apartment. The property offers deceptively spacious accommodation throughout and is presented in good decorative order. The Lounge offers ample space for living and dining room furniture and ha...
"TO BE SOLD BY PUBLIC AUCTION 23 MARCH 2023. GUIDE PRICE:  £200,000. OF INTEREST TO BUILDERS AND INVESTORS IN PARTICULAR:  the spacious and well-situated TWO BEDROOM HOUSE NOW REQUIRING GENERAL MODERNISATION. 
"
"This ground floor flat in Stubbington Avenue has been very well maintained by the current owner and is close to all of the amenities in North End. Benefits of the property include two bedrooms, a modern bathroom suite, a fitted kitchen and a rear garden."
"** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** PRIVATE REAR GARDEN ** PERFECT FIRST TIME PURCHASE ** We are delighted to offer to the sales market this Spacious three bedroom maisonette situated in the popular location of Grove Road, Drayton. Set over two floors, you enter the property via your w..."
Your Move are delighted to bring to the market this superb one bedroom first floor apartment located in the heart of Southsea. This Property is being offer with no forward chain a shared car port and a private outside terrace. Viewings are highly recommended to avoid disappointment. Ca...
"*** STUNNING TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR FLAT WITH GARDEN*** We are delighted to welcome to the sales market, this beautiful ground floor flat on Stubbington Avenue. This stunning property is ready to be moved into, and would be ideal for first time buyers, down-sizers or investors alik..."
"** Offered chain free ** We are delighted to welcome to the market this top floor two bedroom flat in the popular central location of Queen Street, Portsmouth. With close proximity to the university, gunwharf quays and local transport links, this great size apartment lends itself to both..."
***NO FORWARD CHAIN***THREE BEDROOMS***GREAT LOCATION***ALLOCATED PARKING***
"This stylish and well presented two bedroom ground floor flat in central Southsea could make for an ideal first time or investment purchase and is located moments away from Albert Road and the Kings Theatre. Located in Cunningham Court and with its own entrance to the property, the home provides ..."
"Currently rented at £1175pcm - with garage included! This two-bedroom apartment in the heart of the city. Located on Elm Grove, the property in Wilton Exchange offers a spacious hallway with access to two good sized double bedrooms, one of which has an en-suite, a fitted bathroom suite plus..."
"Sold with no forward chain, this light and airy top floor two-bedroom apartment located in Central Southsea offers spacious rooms and will be of particular interest to first time buyers and buy to let investors. With double glazing and gas central heating, the accommodation comprises; entrance ha..."
"Jeffries & Dibbens are delighted to bring to the market this no forward chain, two bedroom first floor apartment located in the secluded residential location of Cavalier Court, Drayton. This apartment offers a spacious 23' lounge/diner, fitted kitchen, two bedrooms and a shower room. Other be..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £198,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £300,000"
"***MODERN APARTMENT WITH OFF ROAD PARKING *** We are delighted to introduce to the sales market this immaculate two bedroom apartment with off road parking, located highly in the sought after location of Farlington in the Fairways. Complete with an allocated parking space and p..."
"A great first time buy located in central Portsmouth, this terraced home is ready to move straight into. Being offered with no forward chain with great access in and out of the city. Close to all local amenities."
"TO BE SOLD BY PUBLIC AUCTION 23 MARCH 2023. GUIDE PRICE £185,000-£195,000. OF INTEREST TO INVESTORS IN PARTICULAR:  the vacant ex-rental TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM END-TERRACE PROPERTY with ground floor bathroom extension, gas fired central heating and UPVC replacement dou..."
"***TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN*** Located in the centre of Southsea, this spacious two bedroom apartment comes complete with a first come first serve parking and is being sold with no forward chain. The property offers the opportunity to modernise so that someone..."
"Situated in a very popular location is this deceivingly spacious ground floor flat. Being an older style build the property oozes charm throughout with high skirtings and oversized windows throughout offering ample natural light throughout. The flat itself offers a small patioed frontage, l..."
"UN-EXPECTANTLY RE-AVAILABLE 10/01/2023. Recently refurbished 9th floor retirement apartment with stunning water views of The Solent, Isle of Wight, Portsmouth Harbour, Southsea Common and Spinnaker Tower. The property has been redecorated, fitted with a brand new kitchen and appliances and new ne..."
VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE. First floor two double bedroom apartment WITH PARKING in the heart of Southsea. Offered with a Share of the Freehold and sold with no forward chain.
"***TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT IN CENTRAL SOUTHSEA*** Situated a stones throw from Palmerston Road, Southsea Common and the beach, this two bedroom apartment is perfectly located! Boasting a share of freehold, this property is being sold with no forward chain and hence would be ideal ..."
"We are pleased to present this two bedroom ground floor flat for sale just off of Eastern Road, Portsmouth."
Great location for this two bedroom garden flat with share of freehold.
"We are pleased to welcome to the market this well presented two bedroom ground floor garden flat located in Waverley Grove, Southsea. This property is offered with No Forward Chain and a new 999 Year Lease. This apartment is comprised of two bedrooms, a large lounge which is ope..."
"Situated in the heart of Southsea, sits this beautifully presented two bedroom first floor apartment, which is offered with no forward chain. The property is conveniently located with walking distance of the Seafront and Albert Road, where local amenities and restaurants can be found. The interna..."
"TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH ALLOCATED PARKING SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU A spacious two double bedroom apartment located in the modern development the Vista Building. Built in 2009 the block offers internal bike storage, lift and secured underground ALLOCATED PARKING. Vista a stone&rsqu..."
• No Forward Chain • Allocated Parking • Spacious Two Bedroom Apartment • Master En-Suite • Sought After Location • Awaiting EPC
CALLING ALL LANDLORDS OR FIRST TIME BUYERS DON'T MISS ON THIS PERFECT OPPORTUNITY. We are happy to offer this two bedroom apartment to the market. The property was built by George Wimpey in 2007. Boasting full UPVC double glazing and gas central heating plus outside allocated parking and communal...
"Comprising of two large bedrooms, one with en-suite, a large lounge and fitted kitchen and bathroom and in a block with a lift to all floors, this really will be popular, especially as there is allocated underground parking. Benefiting further from no forward."
"*** NEW TO THE MARKET *** *** TWO BEDROOMS *** *** CLOSE TO THE SEAFRONT *** A great 2 bedroom third floor flat situated close to the Seafront in Southsea. The property comprises of modern kitchen with built-in oven and hob, good size lounge, and bathroom with shower over bath...."
"A rare opportunity to own a large garden flat in central Portsmouth. This special property won't be around for long, so please call today to view."
"*** NEW TO THE MARKET *** *** TWO BEDROOMS *** *** CLOSE TO THE SEAFRONT *** A fantastic 2 bedroom 2nd floor flat situated close to the Seafront in Southsea. The property comprises of modern kitchen with built-in oven and hob, good size lounge, and bathroom with shower over bat..."
"***TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT WITH OFF ROAD PARKING*** We are delighted to welcome to the sales market, this charming two bedroom, ground floor purpose built apartment, with off road parking, in the highly sought after location of Henderson road, within walking distance of many l..."
" A stylish three bedroom, ground floor apartment situated within the popular residential area of Milton."
**GROUND FLOOR** A spacious ground floor three bedroom apartment with a private entrance and light and airy feel throughout it's not one to miss.
"* PART BUY PART RENT ** £187,500 is for a 50% share purchase, the full property price is £375,000. The minimum CASH DEPOSIT you will need is £75,000. Turn any freehold property into part buy –part rent with Leaders Estate Agents and ‘Your H..."
Superior 2 bed apartment with private off road parking and a 1/4 share of the freehold. Central Location - period semi detached house conversion. Internal viewing essential to fully appreciate the size and layout of the accommodation. Ideal Investment or residential home. 
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £185,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £280,000"
Fantastic bright and airy two bedroom apartment in Southsea. Share of Freehold with tenant in-situ.
"SOUTH FACING BALCONY, GARAGE and NO FORWARD CHAIN. This great size 2 bedroom First Floor Flat is offered for sale with No Forward Chain, benefits from Double Glazing and Gas Central Heating plus the fantastic benefit of a Garage. The South Facing balcony has views towards East Lodge Park and r..."
"Days Estates Southsea are delighted to welcome this large two double bedroom ground floor flat in the popular location of the Arts Centre , Reginald road , Southsea. The property is being offered with no forward chain, and boasts a 24ft open plan modern kitchen and lounge,family bathroom, and ..."
"This very interesting two-bedroom split level maisonette offers well sized accommodation set over three floors. Situated in Southsea and found in walking distance of all that Albert Road has to offer including bars, restaurants and local amenities this ideal first time or investment property is a..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £181,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £275,000"
"This two bedroom ground floor apartment is located in SeaView Apartments, right on the Southsea seafront and next to the promenade. Offered with no forward chain, this property could make for an ideal first time or investment purchase and has accommodation set over two floors, this includes an op..."
A charming ground floor flat with it's own garage situated in a desired Copnor location. It is offered with no forward chain and only needs a lick of paint to make it your own.
"AJM Estates are pleased to present for sale this modern second floor apartment offering light and spacious accommodation Vectis Way, Cosham. The property is situated within easy access to an abundance of local amenities including the train station, bus routes and the hub of the high street. T..."
"Offered with no forward chain! Beals are delighted to welcome to the market this two-bedroom apartment, situated in a popular location close to Southsea Common and Gunwarf Quays. The property benefits from an open plan living space consisting of a lounge, dining area and fitted kitchen with two d..."
A WELL PRESENTED TOP FLOOR APARTMENT REPRESENTING AN EXCELLENT INVESTMENT WITH TENANTS IN SITUE AND 107 YEAR LEASE TERM REMAINING. 
A RARE OPPORTUNITY TO ACQUIRE AN EXCELLENT SIZED CONVERSION FLAT WITH A PRIVATE GARDEN REQUIRING COMPLETION OF A REFURBISHMENT. 
"Offered with no onward chain, Morris Dibben are excited to bring to the market this spacious three bedroom apartment with off street parking. Located in Waverley Grove just a short stroll from Southsea seafront, local bars and eateries. This property is the perfect investment or first ..."
"TWO BEDROOM FLAT IN CENTRAL SOUTHSEA! This first floor apartment is located within the heart of Southsea and can be found along Cottage Grove. The internal accommodation briefly comprises; hallway, southerly aspect lounge/diner, fitted kitchen, two good sized bedrooms and a fitted bathroom suite...."
Your Move are delighted to offer this spacious ground floor apartment with two bedrooms to the Investor Market. Currently achieving £850PCM. Please call to book your viewing on EPC - D Council Tax Band - A
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the. market this exceptional ONE. BEDROOM APARTMENT with phenomenal uninterupted views over the Solent, Isle of Wight and Southsea common. Coming to. market with No Forward Chain this homehas been updated to an extremely high standard reflecting the prestig..."
"A bright and airy two bedroom flat situated within central Southsea close to Elm Grove , Palmerston Road and Albert Road and the plethora of bar ,shops, restaurants and entertainment these areas are renown for. Ideal for a first time buyer or investor ,viewing comes highly recommended. "
Fox and sons are delighted to welcome to market this spacious four bedroom ground floor maisonette with garden in the heart of the city centre.
"OWN PRIVATE TERRACE & NO FORWARD CHAIN! This apartment must be viewed. This modern one bedroom apartment is situated with the popular Admiralty Quarter development, just yards away from Portsmouth's Historic Dockyard and the prestigious Gunwharf Quays shopping complex. The well-presented acco..."
"Morris Dibben are proud to launch to the market this two bedroom property located in Hyde Park House. This upper floor flat consists of two double bedrooms, one complete with fitted wardrobes and a bright and airy living room with doors out to the balcony. In the kitchen you will find..."
"AN IDEAL FIRST TIME OR INVESTMENT PURCHASE LOCATED IN CENTRAL SOUTHSEA WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE OF LOCAL AMENITIES. A upper floor flat situated in the highly sought after Southsea location of Portsmouth. This property benefits from double glazing,s central heating system, communal gardens, lounge,..."
"** INVESTORS ONLY ** This property is currently let at £925.00 per calendar month with a tenancy in place until December 2023. We are pleased to offer for sale this two-bedroom home on New Road East, this location offers easy access to Eastern Road for out-of-city workers using..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £178,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £270,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £175,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £265,000"
"*** TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT *** NO FORWARD CHAIN *** Bernards are delighted to offer this nicely presented 2 bedroom flat in the popular location of Central Southsea, located right next to Palmerston Road High Street, offering great access to the seafront and local amenities. The ..."
**TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT** **NO FORWARD CHAIN** Two-bedroom ground floor apartment which is perfect for first-time buyers or investment. This property has easy access to motorways and other transport links including ferry. The property comprises of an open-plan modern kitchen/living...
"With tenant currently in situ but being sold to either a residential buyer or investor, this could be the ideal purchase being such a good size two bedroom. Located on the first floor with a garage this particular property is very much a blank canvas for any new owner. With two bedrooms both with..."
"We are delighted to bring to the market this well presented one bedroom first floor flat featuring a kitchen, lounge, bathroom and an allocated parking space. Situated in the centre of Portsmouth and close to North End shops where supermarkets, takeaways and restaurants are within walking distanc..."
"We are delighted to offer this lovely two bedroom Apartment in the popular location of Central Southsea. Situated just off of Elm Grove moments from local amenities, Gunwharf Quays and the City Centre. The property is situated on the first floor and comprises of lovely modern lounge/kitc..."
Chain Free! A great third floor apartment in central Portsmouth. This will suit first time buyers and investors alike. Please call the office today to arrange a viewing.
"We are pleased to bring to the market this 2 double bedroomed top floor apartment which is being offered with no chain. The accommodation comprises 2 bedrooms, good size lounge, fitted kitchen with cooker, white bathroom suite. The property is fitted with double glazing, gas central heating and a..."
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this Immaculate TWO BED APARTMENT situated in the heart of the city close to the main line train station making. it a perfect place for those looking. for a property to live in during the week which can be locked up at weekends securely or perhaps...
"Situated in the heart of Southsea, this unique second floor flat is offered to the market in excellent condition throughout and would make an ideal acquisition for any first time buyer or buy to let investor. Perfectly located to enjoy everything Albert Road and the rest of Southsea has to offer,..."
"ATTENTION LANDLORDS AND FIRST TIME BUYER We are very excited to bring to the market, a two apartment flat in the heart of Southsea. Currently let out at £850pcm this neat and well refurbished flat can offer a reliable and sturdy investment opportunity for any landlords looking t..."
"Currently rented at £795pcm - this two-bedroom ground floor apartment in the heart of the city. Located on Elm Grove, the property in Wilton Exchange offers a spacious hallway with access to two good sized double bedrooms, a fitted bathroom suite plus a well sized, open planned kitchenette/..."
"A spacious two bedroom basement flat located in Cottage Grove, Southsea, With open planned living, private outside space, great potential through out, this property would make a great first time buy or addition to an investment portfolio. Call now!"
A two bedroom ground floor corner purpose built apartment with front aspect views towards Eastney Lake and also having the benefit of an allocated car parking space.
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this exceptional example of a first floor apartment situated at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac close to an excellent network of roads and rail stations making this a great location for those who need to work away! Close to PORTSMOUTH UNIVERSITY (wa...
"A third floor two bedroom front and side aspect retirement apartment situated on Southsea Seafront with front aspect views over Southsea Common, The Solent and the Isle of Wight beyond."
"Located in the popular and convenient Cosham is this 2 Bedroom Second Floor Flat. Elizabeth Court is situated a short walk to QA Hospital, Cosham High Street and Railway Station, has No Forward Chain plus Allocated and Visitors Parking, Double Glazing and a West Facing Balcony. Making a great ..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN & TWO COURTYARD GARDENS!*** Beautifully presented TWO BEDROOM SPLIT LEVEL APARTMENT situated in the popular central location of Elm Grove offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! The spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, bedroom one, bedroom two with built in wardrobe &..."
"Morris Dibben are proud to launch to the market this superb two bedroom flat located in Southsea. Upon entering the flat you will find a light and airy open planned kitchen and living room. You will also find the large, main double bedroom and a second single bedroom. This ..."
"This one bedroom, ground floor apartment in Tudor Court is moments away from the seafront & promenade, plus offers allocated off road parking. Situated on the requested Florence Road in Southsea, this well presented property comprises; hallway with storage cupboards, an open plan modern kitch..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY Days estates southsea are delight to welcome to the market this two bedroom flat with parking in the much sought after location of hilsea, Portsmouth. The property is being offered with the tenant in situ, and returns a healthy 6.7%. Add in the share of the freehold and..."
"**CHAIN FREE** We are delighted to welcome to the sales market this spacious three bedroom maisonette situated within North End, Portsmouth."
"*** GARAGE *** NO FORWARD CHAIN*** Bernards are delighted to offer this modern 2 bedroom top floor flat in the popular location of Central Southsea, situated off of Victoria Road North, within walking distance of train stations and local shops. The apartment comprises of two bed..."
" Fantastic opportunity for investors and first time buyers with this well presented one bedroom second floor apartment. Carlton Court is located in a prime position on the seafront across from Burgoyne Gardens. The interior of the property comprises: smartly presented communal hallways, stairs..."
"***OWN PRIVATE GARDEN!*** Well presented, ONE BEDROOM upper floor apartment with own private entrance & private garden situated in the ever popular location of Eastney Road. The spacious accommodation comprises; large open plan lounge/dining room, bedroom, kitchen, bathroom and stairs leading..."
"A three bedroom maisonette based in the central location of Somers Road, Southsea. Ideal for first time buyers and investors, this property is spacious and shows good potential, so please call us and we will gladly book you in."
Impressive purpose built second floor apartment in the heart of Hilsea. This well maintained block is perfect for a first time buyer looking to get themselves on the ladder.
"A top floor two bedroom apartment located on Elphinstone Road, Southsea. Close to the seafront, being sold with a share of the freehold, great rental return and showing great potential, this property would make a great purchase, so please call us now to book your viewing."
"A wonderful two bedroom apartment offering a large balcony, situated within popular Central Southsea."
"** CHAIN FREE SALE CLOSE TO UNIVERSITY ** Bernards are delighted to offer this nicely presented TWO BEDROOM DUPLEX FLAT in the popular location of Central Southsea, located on Hampshire Terrace, offering great access to Portsmouth University, City Center and Gunwharf Quays. The ..."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this bright and airy 1 bedroom first floor apartment with allocated parking, large loft space and is offered with a share of freehold. Located in this convenient area which is a short walk from Southsea seafront, Southsea Common, Palmerston Road, Albert Road,..."
"***CASH BUYERS ONLY*** Offered with no forward chain and priced to sell! This two bedroom house is in a perfect location for exploring all that Southsea has to offer. With a Westerly facing rear garden, ideal for enjoying the evening sun, two double bedrooms and family bathroom to t..."
"Chain Free! A spacious terraced property in central North End. This will be ideal for anyone looking to add value, or wanting to create their dream home."
Landlord Investment Opportunity -This ground floor to first floor split level maisonette is situated with in the Seaview Estates development which is located on the peninsula at Eastney . 
"ALLOCATED PARKING! We are delighted to offer for sale this two bedroom, first floor flat located in Honeywood Close, Hilsea. Offered with two allocated parking spaces, this property makes an excellent purchase for first time or investment buyers. In addition to two bedrooms, accommodation compris..."
"We are delighted to bring to the market this newly renovated 2 bedroom ground floor apartment located with in the much requested district, of Highland Road, situated in the immediate vicinity of the Albert Road Shopping and entertainment area.This 2 bedroom Ground Floor accommodation comprises o..."
"TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH ALLOCATED PARKING & NO FORWARD CHAIN! Situated in Lion Terrace, Portsmouth, within walking distance of the prestigious Gunwharf Quays development and Portsmouth University is this two bedroom second floor apartment. The property itself briefly comprises a 16ft (appr..."
"Situated in a quiet position on the seafront, sits this beautifully presented one bedroom entrance level apartment, which is offered with no forward chain. The property is conveniently located within walking distance of Albert Road and Palmerston Road, where local amenities and restaurants can be..."
"This is a superb one bedroom split level home with glorious accommodation and an elegant feel! Close to the beach, Albert Road and everything Southsea has to offer! Call for more details."
STUNNING APARTMENT: GROUND FLOOR: NO FORWARD CHAIN: RESIDENTS PARKING: IDEAL FOR INVESTMENT OR FIRST TIME BUYER: Two bedroom Ground floor spacious apartment would make a fantastic purchase ideal location with easy access to Southsea and Gunwharf Quays. The property comprises open plan kitchen/liv...
"ATTENTION INVESTMENT BUYERS ONLY We are pleased to offer for sale this SUPERB, spacious 2 bedroom apartment located on the 5th floor in the heart of Gunwharf Quays . The property comprises of spacious open-plan living/dining room/kitchen, bathroom and one double bedroom, and one singl..."
"Landlord Investment Opportunity ........ Located with in the immediate vicinity of the fashionable Albert Road shopping and entertainment area, this top (2nd) floor apartment is presently let to three individuals and operates under the HMO C4 guidelines. The accommodation comprises three double b..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £165,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £250,000"
"SHARE OF THE FREEHOLD. 95 YEARS REMAINING ON THE LEASE. Situated on the First Floor of Hillside Court, this 2 bedroom flat is offered with No Forward Chain. Located a short walk from Drayton Shops, plus in the catchment for Solent Schools, this property benefits from Residents Parking, Double ..."
"*** TWO BEDROOM FLAT*** NO FORWARD CHAIN*** We are delighted to offer this well presented TWO BEDROOM FLAT in the popular location of Central Southsea, the property is located on Elm Grove, offering great access to local amenities and transport links. The property is located in ..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL INVESTMENT: SOLD WITH TENANT IN SITU: CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES AND TRANSPORT LINKS: Purpose built 2 bedroom first floor flat comprising of lounge, fitted kitchen, bathroom. The property also benefits from double glazing, storage heating and a balcony. "
"A ground floor apartment with private entrance door and private rear courtyard ""Town Garden"" The property comprises, Lounge Dining Room, Modern fitted kitchen-breakfast room, family bathroom and two double bedrooms. Ideal long term rental investment.Leasehold with share of freehold."
" Landlord Investment Opportunity -This ground floor to first floor split level maisonette is situated with in the Seaview Estates development which is located on the peninsula at Eastney . The property offers accommodation over two floors comprising entrance hall, modern fitted kitchen breakfast..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £162,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £245,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £161,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £245,000"
"A large fourth floor apartment located in Cosham, just a short distance from Queeen Alexandra hospital. Offered for sale with no forward chain, this is an excellent investment opportunity or a fabulous first time buy."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this well presented 1 bedroom top floor apartment with 107 years remining on the lease and an option to buy into the freehold in the near future. The accommodation comprises a good size lounge, fitted kitchen with appliances, double bedroom and attractive bat..."
* NO FORWARD CHAIN * We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom maisonette in Fratton.
"This two bedroom apartment situated in the McCarthy and Stone Homeheights development and is located on the first floor with views over the common and towards the Isle of Wight. The community is shared with 75 properties over 10 floors each served by two elevators, a development manager, wash an..."
"A Great purpose built ground floor flat in the desired area of Copnor. Boasting a beautiful new kitchen and allocated parking, this property won't be around for long!"
A spacious and well-presented 1 bedroom retirement apartment located on the 3rd floor in the popular Homeheights building. Please call us now to book your viewing.
"***LARGE ONE BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH OFF ROAD PARKING*** We are delighted to welcome to the sales market, this spacious one bedroom apartment. The property benefits from an off road parking space to the rear, with the flat being found on the first floor. The property is ..."
Offered with no forward chain! This one bedroom first floor apartment is nestled in a quiet location in Farlington. The property benefits from off road parking and allow easy access to the M27. Arrange a viewing today to void disappointment. 
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL INVESTMENT SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS, BARS AND BUS ROUTES IN AND OUT OF THE CITY: One bedroom ground floor apartment with enclosed rear garden and walking distance to local shops, bars and transport links this property would ma..."
"This two bedroom masionette in the city center is not far from local amenities and Portsmouth & Southsea train Station. Located on Bridgeside Close, this sizable masionette could make for an ideal first time or investment purchase, the property provides a front courtyard garden with a fitted ..."
"** FANTASTIC POTENTIAL ** TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** IDEAL FOR INVESTMENT ** This two bedroom, mid-terraced house is being offered For sale by Modern Method of Auction; Starting Bid Price £160,000 plus Reservation Fee. With modernisation needed, it makes it the perfect property fo..."
"*NO FORWARD CHAIN* We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious two bedroom ground floor flat in the Highbury Estate. The property boasts ample storage throughout with two fantastic double bedrooms, spacious kitchen and wet room. Call us on to arrange a viewing."
"** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS - LIFT ACCESS ** Welcoming to the market with three bedroom apartment, light and airy throughout and with lovely views of the city it's not one to miss."
"INVESTORS ONLY A TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT LOCATED ON CLARENDON ROAD WHICH HAS A GREAT SELECTION OF BARS & RESTAURANTS ALL AROUND AND JUST A SHORT STROLL TO THE SEAFRONT. The property is currently let at £675 pcm Comprising of two double bedrooms, living room, fitted kitchen & ba..."
We are pleased to offer for sale this attractive 1 bedroom apartment located within this seafront block which is being sold with a share of freehold. A great selling point of this property is the allocated parking space to the rear of building adjacent to the apartment. Refurbished over recent y...
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS, CAFES AND BUS ROUTES IN AND OUT OF THE CITY: PRIVATE GARDEN: One bedroom flat with own private entrance within walking distance to local shops, bus routes and local amenities, this property wo..."
"A well-situated two bedroom end of terrace house located on Prince Albert Road. With plenty of potential through out and no forward chain, this property would make a great investment or first time buy."
A One Double Bedroom Ground Floor Purpose Built flat has become available. The property has security entry system with a good size storage cupboard in the communal area. Internally the HALLWAY also has a GOOD SIZE CUPBOARD. The LOUNGE is BRIGHT and AIRY with DOUBLE GLAZED PATIO DOORS to COMMUN...
One Bed Leasehold ground floor apartment with Share of Freehold and private off road parking. Ideal Starter Home or long term rental investment.
"This two bedroom, first floor flat situated on the Eastern Road makes an excellent first time or investment purchase. Overlooking the Milton common, this property offers a selection of benefits to the discerning buyer. Accommodation on offer comprises two double bedrooms, a 15ft living room, a fi..."
"CALLING ALL INVESTORS! Excellent investment opportunity. A shared freehold semi-basement flat with allocated off road parking currently arranged as a one bedroom flat and separate studio flat. Both units are currently let on separate AST's generating a joint annual income of £14,376. Both un..."
"LOVELY ONE BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH EXTENDED LEASE ! A renovated apartment which can be found in the popular Southsea location of Victoria Road North, ideally positioned with Fratton Train Station, Albert Road and Portsmouth University all within walking distance. The property itself benefits from ..."
Located with in the requested residential terraced district of Southsea on the corner of Bramble Road which adjoins the main thoroughfare of Fawcett Road with its eclectic mix of local convenience stores this purpose built apartment is situated on the third floor and has a panoramic double aspect...
"GREAT INVESTMENT PROPERTY * CAN BE RENTED OR FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS * Within a Residential Area * Mid Terrace House * Two Reception Rooms * Two Bedrooms * Two Bathroom * Fitted Kitchen * Off Road Parking * Walking Distance to City Centre, Schools, Retail Park and Supermaket * Viewing Recommended"
**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Stunning Five Bedroom Detached Family home. Open plan living Dining room & Designer fitted Kitchen . Indoor Swimming Pool Leisure Area Landscaped Gardens . Perfect Ready to Move Into. Call Today for your Virtual Tour.
THIS PROPERTY IS OUT OF THIS WORLD! Immaculacy presented family home with extensive living accommodation to suit all families. The property offers modern living through-out with additional 'mod cons'. As you arrive at the property you will be greeted by an electric gate which benefits from a...
TO BE SOLD BY ONLINE AUCTION ON 8TH MARCH 2023 UNLESS SOLD PRIOR UNDER AUCTION TERMS. Fully licensed 12 Bedroom HMOMonthly rental income of £8250pcmAnnual ren...
"**APARTMENT DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY** - Hazelwells offer for sale this detached property which is considered an ideal development project following pre-app advice for a new detached building to accommodate up to 49, 1 bed self-contained flats."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Imposing Individual Five Bedroom Detached House. Prime Private Location, Generous Plot With Mature Trees. Three En Suite Rooms, Fantastic Sized Lounge & Conservatory. Double Garage, Impressive Family Home, Highly Recommended."
"This is a stunning period property, situated on a sought-after Avenue on Moor Park. This lovely home features numerous rooms over 4 floors, each with their own individual style. A house that ticks so many boxes-it is characterful, elegant and homely."
Guildhall Sales & Lettings are thrilled to present to the market this rare opportunity to purchase a semi detached property which has been renovated and converted into Three Flats within the main property and a separate two bedroom detached bungalow within the grounds.
Bradley Taylor Properties are thrilled to offer this very unique property. Originally a substantial detached family home with an amazing garden. It has now been partly converted into a lower ground floor flat with a 2 story house above. There are many different uses for this property.
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this superb detached family home, nestled within a sought after location in Fulwood; within easy reach of an array of local amenities such as reputable schools, shops, Royal Preston Hospital, Preston City Centre and main motorway connections. On intern..."
*** SPACIOUS DETACHED FAMILY HOME *** 5 BEDROOMS *** 2 RECEPTION ROOMS *** Fitted Kitchen * Conservatory * 3 Bathrooms * Downstairs WC * Utility Room * Double Garage * Driveway Parking for Several Vehicles * Front & Rear Gardens *
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Four Bedroom Detached Family Home In A Great Location. Open Plan Kitchen, Lounge And Dining Area.. Stunning Ground Floor Master Suite.. Detached Garage With Converted Office Space.."
"RICS Valuation and Home Buyers Report done in January 2023, Valued at £425,000. Situated in the Highly desired Cromwell Road area of Preston is this six bedroom executive detached, five of which are doubles. With a brand new fully refurbished modern “Infinity Plus” kitchen, also comprising thr..."
"Looking for the WOW factor, you just found it! Exquisite 3-bedroom apartment that has been designed with no expense spared. Located on the highly sought after Preston Marina Docks this apartment oozes luxury upmarket living. Upon entering your greeted with a bright and airy e (cont.)"
Graced with an abundance of natural historic beauty and charm this wonderful Grade 2 Listed period home is a real must see. Bank Parade is a much sought after address within close proximity to the desirable Winckley Square as well as being on the doorstep to the exceptional Avenham and Miller Parks.
"This traditional detached home is a blank canvas for its new owners and oozes with potential. This property is a fantastic size and offers spacious living accommodation. Internally the property briefly comprises of an entrance hall, dual aspect lounge, dining room and kitchen. To the first floor ..."
Guildhall Sales & Lettings are delighted to bring to the market this dramatically extended four/five bedroom semi detached property located within a fantastic area.
*Attention Investors*Incomplete renovated pub conversion**Potential Opportunity to build a number of Apartments*Fantastic Location*Nearby Transport Hubs*Shopping Malls*Bars*Restaurants** River Views*Site Area Approx 0.494 acres* Book A Viewing To Avoid Disappointment*
*** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN *** 4 BEDROOM DETACHED PERIOD HOME *** 3 RECEPTION ROOMS *** Full of Original Features * Kitchen and Separate Breakfast/ Dining Room * 4 Piece Bathroom * Basement * Double Garage * Driveway *
"Where to start with this impressive property! Not only is it situated within the forever desirable area of Ashton On Ribble, it offers a unique amount of accommodation bringing true meaning to the words, more than meets the eye. The great size plot lends itself to the family looking for lots of o..."
"We welcome to the market a stunning four bedroom detached family home. This versatile property would suit all your family’s needs. This lovely home sits in the sought after location of Docklands. Walking distance to the Guild Wheel, Cinema & a host other amenities. This fantastic home briefly com..."
Well-presented 4 bedroom detached home in Ashton-on-Ribble Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entry vestibule and entrance hall Bright and airy front lounge with feature fireplace Second well sized reception room suitable for dining Modern and well-appointed kitchen w...
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Stunning Four Bedroom Detached Property In Popular Location. Fantastic Fitted Kitchen Diner Opening Into Living Room. Modern Four Piece Bathroom, En Suite To Bedroom Two. Utility, Garage, Garden Room, Generous Private Rear Garden."
"Take a look at this exquisite apartment in Winckley Square. It is packed with gorgeous character features and is incredibly light and spacious. Overlooking the beautiful Winckley Square and having all the superb cafes, bars and restaurants that Preston City Centre offers make this a superb locati..."
"***SAVE £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Introducing the Bowyer, a detached 4 bedroom home with a single garage. This home boasts a beautiful dual-aspect living room, an open-plan kitchen/dining area with utility and french doors to the rear garden, plus an en-suite to bedroom 1. "
"Industry leading specification included as standard, OPEN PLAN kitchen/diner, LARGE FAMILY LOUNGE with views over the TURFED REAR GARDEN, downstairs WC, master bedroom with PRIVATE ENSUITE, ample storage, DRIVEWAY for 2 cars.Garden Size 74m2"
"Tenure - Freehold, EPC Grade E, Council Tax Band G. Yew Tree Farm is a stunning one of a kind property. The house originally dates back to the 1700's and benefitted from further work in the 1990's. Sizeable and majestic the property also benefits from land to approximately 3 acres including ..."
"Stunning contemporary property set on gated waterfront development, with an impressive finish and an unrivalled design, Edgewater Oaks is one of Preston's most desirable addresses. If you are looking for a property home in a unique and peaceful setting Sycamore House is perfect."
"A breath-taking residence offering high end living within a small gated community and a tranquil canal side location. This is a superb five-bedroom, three-bathroom house situated on the Lancaster Canal.   Superbly presented accommodation over three floors Large open plan kitchen, di..."
"Stunning BARN CONVERSION offering SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION extending to around 4000 SQ. FT or thereabouts encompassing 5 bedrooms, 5 reception rooms and 3 bathrooms all set in extensive and IMMACULATE GARDENS. Tucked off Lightfoot Lane in a lovely setting, the property remains well located f..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Grade II Listed Building On Approximately 1.2 Acre Plot. Five Bedrooms, Three Reception Rooms, Extensive Kitchen Diner. Master Suite With En Suite Bathroom & Study/ Nursery. Extensive Lawned Gardens, Unique Property Of Charm & Character."
"VIEW BY APPOINTMENT ONLY - A rare DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY ! Nestled into Broughton village, this wonderful substantial detached FARMHOUSE is in need of a full renovation and improvement scheme. Adjacent to the farmhouse there is a substantial brick-built BARN with beautiful beam features which ..."
"Stunning extended period cottage on Walker Lane. With 6 bedrooms, 5 reception rooms and 4 bathrooms, as well as being in a large plot with gardens and woodland, this home is perfect for family life with a rural feel whilst being close to the City Centre."
This is a contemporary home nestled into the beautiful semi rural area of Whitestake. It appeals to anyone looking for a special and unique place in which to live that embraces modern architecture with open country views.
"Large front garden.Two driveways, one leading to the garage and the other leading to a long driveway through electrically operated gates.Hallway.Downstairs Cloakroom.Spacious reception room.Two large double bedrooms downstai..."
"Six-bedroom exclusive home set in an elevated position, tucked away in Walton Le Dale with views of woodland to the front. This stunning detached property has been lovingly renovated to a very high standard and boasts a contemporary grand entrance hallway with a solid Oak staircase ho..."
"Self build opportunity to build the home of your dreams in partnership with Helm Builders. Existing plans are for a 2,500 sq ft property with four bedrooms, two en-suite bathrooms, family bathroom, large open plan living kitchen, utility room and lounge."
Ben Rose Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market a new development of executive detached homes. St Vincents Court enjoys great access to a wide range of everyday amenities including supermarkets and a variety of eateries. There is easy motorway access and Preston Hospital is within w...
"Unmissable opportunity to acquire one of these exclusive four bedroom properties, nestled in a community of thirty properties. Situated in the highly sought after location of Broughton, yet within excellent accessibility to amenities. Finished to an exceptionally high specification; having bespok..."
Just on the fringe of Penwortham in a semi rural location is Laburnum. This spacious family home was uniquely designed and built by the present owner...
" A fabulous local builder who has a great reputation for building unique select developments, to a high standard in hand picked locations. This executive detached family home has five bedrooms, two en suite, and a family bathroom and cloaks W.C. The washrooms are fitted with quality Duravit sani..."
"*EXCLUSIVE & ELEGANT, A MODERN WAY OF LIVING* This impressive contemporary family home has the WOW factor. This 4/5 bedroom detached property is positioned in an idyllic semi-rural setting of Lea town with good access to Preston and the motorway network. "
"Nestled off Tag Lane and withing a quiet cul-de-sac, this ground-floor apartment is well positioned for all the City of Preston has to offer! Conveniently located within easy distance of the shops, pubs, local transport link and motorway links, the location box is most definitely ticked! The apar..."
*** EXTENDED FAMILY HOME *** OPEN PLAN LIVING *** 2 RECEPTION ROOMS *** 4 Bedrooms * Modern Fitted Breakfast Kitchen * Downstairs WC & Utility Room * Four Piece Family Bathroom * Ensuite * Integral Garage * Enclosed South Facing Rear Garden * Driveway Parking * 
"Fantastic sized double fronted six bedroom garden fronted family home boasting an extensive west facing rear garden and offers no chain delay. Situated within this sought after location of Old Ashton offering excellent access to local amenities, schools and transport links. "
"***SAVE £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Situated in an attractive semi-rural location, The Milliner boasts a single garage, en-suite to bedroom 1, and open-plan kitchen/dining/family area with integrated appliances and a dual-aspect living room. "
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Individual Detached House On Generous Plot. Well Presented, Generously Proportioned Living Accommodation. Five Bedrooms, Two En Suite, Great Sized Lounge & Conservatory. Excellent Family Home, Inspection Comes Highly Recommended."
*** 5 BEDROOM HOME *** SET OVER THREE FLOORS *** BATHROOM ON EACH FLOOR *** Modern Fitted Kitchen * 2 Reception Rooms * Open Views to The Front *
"This executive four bedroom detached family home is well appointed throughout, occupying a large, desirable cul-de-sac plot backing on to picturesque woodland and countryside. Near to some of the areas best schools and Hospitals. Walking distance of a wealth of local amenities and with superb lin..."
"Looking for a large converted property with excellent rental returns? if so, this could be for you. Situated at a prominent position close to Preston City centre and within a whole host of local amenities and educational centres. This fantastic opportunity has to be viewed to appreciate the oppor..."
"A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED AND SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME, SITUATED IN A CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION WITHIN CLOSE PROXIMITY OF EXCELLENT SCHOOLS AND TRANSPORT LINKS. Stunning detached family home set in a quiet cul de sac position, within easy reach of the local amenities, schools, main mot..."
"This five bedroom detached family home finished to a high standard is the perfect opportunity to purchase your dream family home. Offering an interior that not only provides comfortable and well laid out accommodation to suit modern day life, but an immaculate and ready to move in finish! For tho..."
"***SAVE £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Beautiful new home, The Scrivener, is situated in an attractive SEMI-RURAL location, just a 10 minutes' from PRESTON CITY CENTRE. This home boasts an OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with UTILITY, lounge with BAY WINDOW and EN-SUITE to bedroom 1."
*** WELL MAINTAINED DETACHED FAMILY HOME *** 3 RECEPTION ROOMS *** 3 BEDROOMS *** Modern Fitted Breakfast Kitchen * 4 Piece Family Bathroom * Detached Garage and Outbuilding * Driveway * Rear Garden *
"Wow this apartment isn’t just a property it’s a lifestyle. This beautiful appointed executive penthouse is situated on the infamous Preston Docklands Marina, which is steeped in history, coupled the the 21mile Guild Wheel cycle route, which passes through the Docklands. The penthouse location mak..."
"Homes at Woodland Crest have been designed in an attractive modern contemporary architectural style and boast stylish flourishes throughout. Internally, spacious living accommodation has been carefully planned to meet the evolving requirements of busy modern families. Buyers are allowed the choic..."
"This four bedroom semi detached over three floors family property could be yours but please be quick. A modern spacious new build home perfect for a growing families, having those contemporary wow factors and luxury feel with a well-designed kitchen, open plan living dining space, bedrooms, ..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Individual Split Level Designed Detached House. Three Bedrooms, Two Reception Rooms Plus Utility Room. Four Piece Bathroom Suite, Fitted Kitchen, Split Level Garden. Integral Garage, Cul De Sac, Elevated Aspects To Front."
We are extremely delighted to bring to the market this stunning three-bedroom semi-detached home in a very sought after area. The property sits in picturesque gardens and has parking for several vehicles. 
WOW! WOW! WOW! Are you looking for a wonderful extended family home? Then look no further as this one comes with an EXCEPTIONAL 170FT REAR GARDEN! Now that must have sparked your interest!!
ATTENTION INVESTORS!!! If you are wanting to buy a HMO with great rental yields and future tenant in place search no more. ! call us as quickly as possible to view this. Situated in Fulwood and in an incredibly popular rental area all the rooms including the communal areas are large and spacious....
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Great Sized Detached House in Cul De Sac Location. Four Double Bedrooms, Lounge, Living Room, Breakfast Kitchen. Ground Floor WC, Cloakroom, Gas Central Heating, Double Glazing. Garage, Low Maintenance Garden Areas, an Excellent Family Hom"
"***SAVE £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** Introducing the Mason, a beautiful detached home featuring a detached single garage, open-plan kitchen/dining/family area with adjoining utility room, french doors to the rear garden and an en-suite to bedroom 1. "
"This spacious detached family home oozes with potential and offers excellent living accommodation. Internally there is an entrance hall, two rooms at the front which could be used as bedrooms or reception rooms, study with stairs leading to the loft conversion where you will find a further two be..."
BRAND NEW DEVELOPMENT - COMPLETING Q3 2023 - THREE BEDROOM APARTMENT. Call Now to Receive a Floor Plan and Info Pack
"ATTENTION INVESTORS!!! If you are wanting to buy a HMO but are finding they are all getting SOLD before you get the chance to view them, call us as quickly as possible to view this. Situated in Fulwood and in an incredibly popular rental area all the rooms including the communal areas are large a..."
"Six Bedroom Mid Terraced Property in Preston City Centre. HMO Licensed Property Generating £2833.33 PCM Rental Income . Living Room, Modern Kitchen & Bathroom Suite . Rear Yard, Perfect Investment Property. Call now to View ."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Delightful Double Fronted Semi Detached House On Elevated Site. Refurbished, Presented & Appointed To A High Standard . Oozes Charm & Character, Fantastic Kitchen Diner, Three Bedrooms. Detached Garage, Stunning Rear Garden, Highly Recomme"
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Immaculately Presented Modern Three Bedroom Detached House. Cul De Sac Location, Double Width Drive, Good Sized Rear Garden. Beautiful Kitchen Diner, Lounge, Ground Floor WC, Master En Suite. Gas Central Heating, Double Glazed, Garage, A D"
"INTRODUCING THE EXCHANGE - Elevated modern living in Preston’s newest emerging neighbourhood. The Exchange is a brand new, off-plan development from The Heaton Group, ideally located in Preston city centre. Comprising 200 stylish apartments, The Exchange will deliver a new standard of premium mod..."
"**Attention Investors!!Perfect for Buy to Serviced AccommodationWith up to 15% yield. Unique opportunity in this current market, Get in touch to Learn more**"
"**SAVE £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^** Beautiful new home in an attractive SEMI-RURAL location, just a 10 minutes drive from PRESTON CITY CENTRE. The Quilter features an EN-SUITE to bedroom 1, and OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with adjoining UTILITY and FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden"
BRAND NEW DEVELOPMENT - NOW COMPLETE - TWO-BEDROOM DUPLEX APARTMENT. Call Now to Receive a Floor Plan and Info Pack
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Three Bedroom Semi Detached House In Great Location. Delightful South Facing Rear Garden, Detached Garage. Lounge, Separate Dining Room, Modern Fitted Kitchen. Bathroom, Separate Shower Room, Well Presented Throughout."
"Superb Three Bedroom Semi Detached Home in Brilliant Location . Spacious Lounge and Dining Area, Modern Fitted Kitchen. Fantastic Three Piece Bathroom Suite, Rear Garden. Driveway with Ample Parking, Garage. CALL US FOR MORE INFORMATION ."
Hazelwells are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented traditional end terrace home which offers spacious accommodation with many character features. The property has been fastidiously maintained by the current owners.
"*** NEW INSTRUCTION, MUST BE VIEWED *** TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK! - FREE MORTGAGE ADVICE AVAILABLE ON THIS PROPERTY. LOVELY 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY, NOT TO BE MISSED, IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS / YOUNG COUPLES, spacious accommodation, WELL PRESE..."
"Nationwide Estate Agents present this stylish CITY CENTRE penthouse apartment with stunning park views. Lofty ornate ceilings, secure underground PARKING, two double bedrooms, bathroom plus shower room. Gracious top floor living at this prestigious reputable address in the heart of the city."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Four Bedroom Semi Detached House In Ever Popular Location. Lounge, Separate Sitting Room, Fitted Kitchen. Enclosed Rear Garden, Ample Driveway Parking. Excellent Family Home, Internal Inspection Recommended."
"Unmissable opportunity to purchase this semi detached bungalow with an extensive plot of 0.19 hectares to the rear. Set in a popular location within easy reach of the local amenities, schools, main motorway connections, Royal Preston Hospital and Preston City Centre. The property has plannin..."
"This stunning semi-detached property is the perfect family home. Set in a much sought after location, within easy reach of the local amenities, schools, main motorway connections and Preston City Centre. The property benefits some original features at the same time as having a modern f..."
"This fantastic detached bungalow presents one lucky buyer with a fabulous private plot. Offering a spacious and light feel throughout, this well cared for home boasts a quiet cul-de-sac setting. The good size plot provides a gated driveway providing ample off-road parking and leading to a single ..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Deceptively Spacious Four Bedroom Detached House. Cul De Sac Location, Good Sized Enclosed Garden Areas. Lounge, Dining/Sitting Room, Sun Room, Fitted Kitchen Diner. Ground Floor WC, Modern Shower Room, Garage, Highly Recommended."
This is the type of investment property that so many investors are looking to buy at the moment but are struggling to find as they sell so quickly. This five bedroom HMO is located in an incredibly popular rental area with the huge bonus of outside space and a driveway.
"***SAVE £12,000 WHEN YOU RESERVE BEFORE 31ST MARCH^*** No stamp duty to pay! Beautiful new home the Thespian benefits from a detached SINGLE GARAGE, an OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden and an EN-SUITE to bedroom 1. "
This property is well presented and modern through-out. The interior is second to none and is ready for its new owners. With stunning features including a modern fitted kitchen with a good range of units and integrated appliances including 'Maia' work tops. This property briefly comprises of entr...
"* ATTENTION INVESTORS* LARGE SIX BEDROOM PROPERTY FOR SALE * SEMI DETACHED * SIX DOUBLE BEDROOMS * FULLY FURNISHED * NEW INTERIOR DESIGN * PERFECT LOCATION * LARGE DOUBLE BEDROOMS*£12,600 PER ANNUM* OVER 5%YIELD PER ANNUM *VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED *"
"This detached family home is spacious and offers great living accommodation. Internally there is an entrance porch, hallway, office/bedroom four, lounge which is open plan into the dining room with French doors to the rear garden and double doors to the conservatory, perfect for parties and famil..."
"Discover city living with this brand-new 1 bedroom apartment, located in the heart of Preston. This home has been thoughtfully designed with a focus on high-quality finishes and comfort, offering a unique blend of modern style and practicality."
The Pendle A new contemporary housing development comprising of 4 and 5-bedroom executive homes that combine quality construction with modern features and high specification design to provide a stylish solution for everyday living. Family space forms the heart of this specta...
"D’Urton Rise is a select development of beautifully designed new homes situated on the northern fringes of Preston, with stunning views reaching across some of Lancashire’s most beautiful countryside to the Trough of Bowland."
"5 bedroom detached home with double garage. The Sawley is one of our largest homes at The Avenues providing a family home with a large kitchen / family dining area, with double doors opening up to the garden. A separate utility leads off the kitchen with an external door. The ground floor also h..."
"**NO CHAIN**
This spacious home offers open plan, flexible living spaces, perfect for growing families. Featuring a beautiful sandstone finish, this home has the balance of both modern living and stunning curb appeal.
Four double bedrooms and two en-suites, as well as a main bathroom with a bath ..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. FIVE BEDROOM Individual Detached Family House, Popular Location. Bathroom, Two En Suite Shower Rooms, Ground Floor WC. Formal Lounge, Extensive Fitted Kitchen Diner/Family Room. Integral Access to Garage, Good Sized Enclosed Rear Garden."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Individual Detached True Bungalow of Generous Proportions. Three Double Bedrooms, Four Piece En Suite to Master. Great Sized Lounge Diner, Fantastic Plot, Prime Location. Excellent Retirement Home with Family Sized Accommodation."
*** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION IN PENWORTHAM *** A TRADITIONAL 1930s HOME *** 3 BEDROOM DETACHED *** 2 Reception Rooms * Fitted Kitchen * Bathroom with Separate WC * Front & Rear Gardens * Offered With No Chain * Summer House with Attached Shed * 
" A stunning executive detached family home, set in the most sought after location of Higher Penwortham. This freehold property has five bedrooms, spacious lounge, second sitting room, amazing contemporary kitchen and dining, adjacent conservatory, three bedrooms having en facilities, main family..."
The Laurieston II is a perfectly proportioned 5 bedroom detached home with impressive living spaces.
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Individual Character Property In Prime Residential Location. Four Double Bedrooms, Extensive Kitchen, Bathroom & Shower Room. Lounge, Dining Room, Sitting Room & Snug, Utility Room, Sep WC. Garage, Generous Mature South Facing Rear Gardens"
FAMILY HOME that offers the best of both worlds - modern design in an established location. 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS with 3 bathrooms. Kitchen family room which is the hub of family life. Flexible ground floor with 3 RECEPTION ROOMS.
*** WELL PRESENTED FAMILY HOME *** READY TO MOVE INTO *** 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** 2 Reception Rooms * Modern Fitted Breakfast Kitchen * Integral Garage * Downstairs WC * Four Piece Family Bathroom * Off Road Parking * Enclosed Rear Garden * OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN *
Positioned in the heart of Higher Penwortham on the sought after Queensway address which is renowned for its popularity with people looking to raise their family amongst a vibrant community. This stunning residence has great aesthetics.
"What a property! Great room sizes, private rear garden with a detached double garage. The property is in immaculate condition, all set in the heart of Broughton, just a 6 minute walk from Broughton High School."
"* NO CHAIN DELAY * FORBES ARE PLEASED TO PRESENT THIS DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS, double fronted CIRCA 1880 Victorian residence. A stunning fully renovated family home with a charming traditional twist. Offering large living spaces, side driveway with a splendid large garden and entertaining patio area"
"Jones Cameron are proud to present a truly unique opportunity to purchase a home that is simple stunning, inside and out. During 2015 ? 2016 the property underwent a"
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Substantial Four Bedroom Character Semi Detached House. Three Reception Rooms, Modern Fitted Breakfast Kitchen, Utility. En-Suite to Master Bedroom, Further Shower Room and Bathroom.. Study, Generous Sized Garage & Private Gardens, Conserv"
"If you are looking for a new build home with 4 double bedrooms The Beverley by Lancet Homes is ideal. Offering 1,641 sq ft of living accommodation, open plan living and two en-suites this home is perfect for the modern family. First properties will be completed in Spring 2023 and can be viewed now."
Properties like this really don't come around very often! Situated in a much sought after and exclusive development just off Walker Lane. The property is immaculate and in superb condition throughout with space and light being a real feature with a natural flow especially downstairs ...
A fantastic opportunity for investors or owner occupiers to own an apartment located on Preston's stunning Georgian Winckley Square. 
"Hazelwells offer for sale this detached FREEHOLD property which extends to approximately 2755 sqft (256 sqm) over ground and first floors, basement of approximately 861 sqft (80 sqm) and a gated rear yard extending to approximately 1087 sqft (101 sqm). "
"This extended, four-bedroom semi-detached home is situated in an ever-popular location. The property would make the ideal family home and is close to all local amenities, schools, shops, and transport links. The house does need some repairs and comprises an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, ..."
"This excellent semi-detached home offers two reception rooms, a fitted kitchen, three sizeable bedrooms and a three-piece bathroom. Externally, the property boasts a front yard, a large rear garden and a driveway. This home presents a fantastic opportunity for any house hunter. "
Newhall Lane is a spacious semi detached property located on an enviable corner plot. The current owners have carried out significant works during their ownership and the property is now ready to move onto the next family.
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this three bedroom detached property presented to an exceptional standard throughout in a very desirable location. The property has 2/3 reception rooms, modern open plan kitchen living area, three bedrooms and family bathroom. Viewing is highly recommended."
This fantastic apartment is situated in the converted Grade II listed building of St Marks Church in Preston City centre. Fabulous living space over four levels with four/five bedrooms including a stunning 360 degree room with roof terrace in the tower. This really is a unique opportunity to acqu...
"Traditional 1930's semi detached home. This spacious home benefits from a large rear garden which is private with open aspect views. The garden provides excellent potential or great for children playing out. Internally this spacious home offers an entrance porch, hallway, two good size reception ..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Three Bed Semi Detached Family Home in a Great Location. Spacious Lounge and Dining Room; GCH and Double Glazing. Driveway, Garage and Gardens To The Rear . Viewing Comes Highly Recommended ."
"Fantastic opportunity for a wide range of buyers including families looking for that little bit of extra space. This detached property has a garage and generous back garden. The accommodation comprises, entrance hall, living room large kitchen diner and spacious conservatory. To the first floor t..."
"Fantastic Investment Opportunity - 4 Bed Student HMO, 2MINS to UCLan, Rent c.£20k per annum & Comes Fully-Furnished!"
"* ATTENTION INVESTORS* LARGE FOUR BEDROOM PROPERTY FOR SALE * SEMI DETACHED * FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS * FULLY FURNISHED * NEW INTERIOR DESIGN * PERFECT LOCATION * LARGE DOUBLE BEDROOMS*£13,200 PER ANNUM*7%YIELD PER ANNUM *VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED * "
"* No Chain * 4 Bedrooms * 2 Reception Rooms * Big City-Centre Garden * Cellar, Loft & Utility Room * Recently Redecorated * Kitchen Diner This stunning victorian home is well presented and finished to a high standard with wonderful character and period features throughout including high ce..."
"** Investment Opportunity ** Three bedroom semi detached in reasonable condition but with tons of potential to renovate and/or extend make this a really exciting property to the market. The property comprises entrance hall, lounge, dining kitchen, three bedrooms, family bathroom, driveway and fro..."
"This wonderful stone-built character courtyard development offers open views across Ashton Park. Located in the heart of Ashton-on-Ribble, within easy reach of main roads, motorway networks, local schools, and amenities are within walking distance of Preston Docks. This property benefits fr..."
"Fully refurbished and extended four bedroom semi detached family home finished to a high standard throughout and situated on an extensive corner plot. The location provides excellent access to local amenities, schools and transport links. The generous accommodation briefly comprises; porch, hal..."
"A semi detached true bungalow set in a pleasant residential area now in need of some improvements. The property offers three bedrooms, kitchen, shower room. Gas central heating installed and double glazing fitted. One of the benefits of this property is the superb driveway offering parking for..."
Extended and well presented two bedroom semi detached dormer bungalow boasting two reception rooms and conservatory. Situated within this sought after location off Cromwell Road offering a scenic outlook to the front over parklands and provides easy access to local amenities and transport links....
"This excellent and family sized 3 bedroom semi detached house comprises two reception rooms, large gardens with a big external workshop/games room, attractive bathroom and three bedrooms. The home is warmed by gas central heating and double glazing. Be very quick to view!"
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Mews Style Property Within Private Courtyard Development. Three Bedrooms, Fitted Kitchen, Four Piece Bathroom. Unique Character Property & Part Of Former Coaching House. Adjacent To Ashton Park In Sought After Location."
"*** NEW INSTRUCTION, MUST BE VIEWED *** TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK! - FREE MORTGAGE ADVICE AVAILABLE ON THIS PROPERTY. LOVELY 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY, NOT TO BE MISSED, IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS / YOUNG FAMILIES, spacious accommodation, WELL PRES..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Traditional Three Bedroom Semi Detached House. Lounge Opening into Sitting/Dining Room. Good Sized Enclosed Rear Garden With Timber Store/Workshop. Double Width Drive, Great Family Home In Popular Location."
This spacious four bedroom terraced house in a very popular rental area is a great buy to let investment or family home and there will be so many people wanting to see this. Call to arrange a viewing as quickly as possible before it sells.
"What a fantastic opportunity we have here if you're in the market for a property that offers great potential, we think this could be for you! The accommodation needs someone to come in and add their own stamp to it."
"Fazackerley Street is a wonderful four bedroom end terraced property with open-plan living space, kitchen and large laundry room. This superb home, could, with the correct permissions be transformed into a high yielding HMO or shared accommodation. Located within approximate..."
"Superb Spacious Three Bed Extended Semi-Detached House. Two Reception Rooms, Attractive Fitted Kitchen and Bathroom. Gas CH, DG, Ample Off Road Parking, Single Garage, Spacious Plot. Backs onto Ashton Park, Close to Local Schools and Amenities. Great Home for Family, Call us Now to Arrange a Viewing"
"**NO CHAIN**
Renovation and building work started but work has halted. The property has been stripped and the chimneys have been removed. The renovation work needs to be completed.
Large property with two/three reception rooms, kitchen/dining room, utility and downstairs W.C and four/five bedroo..."
Guildhall Sales & Lettings are thrilled to present to the market this three bedroom end mews property with a rear garden and a driveway providing off road parking.
"BACK ON THE MARKET FEBRUARY 2022 ** Luxurious two bedroom second floor show home standard apartment boasting a large roof terrace overlooking the city centre. Located within the iconic Preston City Bridge Apartments in the heart of the city centre offering excellent access for cafes, restauran..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Stunning, Refurbished Three Bedroom Semi Detached Family Home . Great Size - Suitable For First Time Buyer Or Family . Lounge & Modern Fitted Dining Kitchen. Luxury Fitted Bathroom. Internal Viewing Highly Recommended - No Chain Dela"
"**NO CHAIN**
Well presented three bedroom semi detached home situated on a quiet and peaceful plot with woodland to the side and rear creating a private garden and ideal outlook.
The home is close to local amenities, large supermarkets, M6 motorway junction, well regarded Schools and Deepdale Ret..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Versatile Three Bedroom Semi Detached Property in Lovely Location. Spacious Lounge, Modern Kitchen, GF Bathroom & FF Shower Room. Attractive Elevated Position with Gardens & Garage. Must be Viewed."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Superb Duplex Apartment, City Centre Location - Ideal Investment. Large Lounge and Modern Fitted Kitchen. Two Double Bedrooms, En-suite & Bathroom. Situated in Fantastic Area Close to Local Amenities."
We are deligh
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Deceptive Five Bedroom Mid Terraced House. Two Reception Rooms, Two Shower Rooms, Extensive Fitted Kitchen. Accommodation Arranged Over Three Floors, Great Family Home. Ever Popular Established Residential Location.."
"A well proportioned period terrace property in Ashton with many original features. It has 4 double bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and 2 large reception rooms. Yard to the rear, and garage."
A thoughtfully designed NEW 2 BED 2 BATH apartment with a focus on high-quality finishes and comfort. This development offers a unique blend of modern style and practicality and is located within a short walk of all the AMENITIES Preston has to offer.
"This fantastic detached bungalow presents one lucky buyer with a private location, where it's hard to think of a better setting that offers so much on your doorstep! Offering a spacious feel throughout, this well cared for home boasts a quiet setting. The property provides a driveway to the side ..."
"Welcome Home, to this well presented 3-bed semi-detached house with a garage, ideally located close to local amenities, highly rated schools & Colleges like Ashton Community Science College, St Andrews primary school (outstanding rated) all of which are within easy access & the local parks like..."
"This semi detached home is ideal for a family or first time buyer. The property offers spacious living accommodation and outside space. Externally the property benefits from a paved garden to the front with a driveway providing off road parking, detached garage and there is gated acce..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Quasi Style Semi Detached House In Popular Location. Lounge, Separate Dining Room, Fitted Kitchen. Driveway Parking, Enclosed Rear Garden & Store. Well placed For Amenities, Ideal Starter or Family Home."
"Taylors Estates are delighted to bring to market this fantastic converted Coach House, set within a secluded and gated development on Moor Park Avenue, opposite Moor Park itself. Offering modern living within a Period building, the property has fantastic character. Viewing is highly is recommended!"
Two bedroom semi detached true bungalow with conservatory boasting private enclosed gardens and extended detached garage. No chain delay and viewing highly recommended. Situated within this quiet crescent location in Ashton offering easy access to local amenities of Lane Ends and transport link...
"**CALLING ALL INVESTORS** 4 bed 4 bathroom HMO Property. Located within superb links to the city of Preston, UCLAN and the railway station. Excellent student or professional accommodation with some light refurbishment. Large outdoor space a great advantage."
"Extensive garden fronted terrace home boasting two reception rooms, three double bedrooms and loft room. Situated within this convenient location for city centre, Capitol centre, motorway links and bus routes. The deceptive accommodation briefly comprises; vestibule, hallway, lounge, sitting ro..."
Attention investors. Ideal investment opportunity where you just sit back and see the money roll in. This student accommodation is maintained via the onsite management team. This is a first floor flat which comprises of six bedrooms all with en-suite shower rooms and a communal open plan lounge/k...
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Immaculate Three Bed Semi Detached House. Lounge, Dining Room, Fitted Kitchen, Upvc Double Glazing. Low Maintenance Garden Areas, Detached Garage. Cul De Sac Location, Close To Dockland & Amenities."
"*** FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY *** CORNER PLOT *** POPULAR LOCATION *** 3 Bedrooms * Four Piece Bathroom * Lounge * Dining Kitchen * Front, Rear and Side Gardens * Detached Garage * Utility Room and Store * Offered With No Chain *"
** ATTENTION INVESTORS ** ** TENANT IN SITU ** ** THREE BEDROOMS ** ** GREAT LOCATION **
"Looking for a superb student investment with excellent guaranteed rental returns? if so, this could be for you. Leighton Hall is situated at a prominent position close to Preston City centre and within a whole host of local amenities and short walk away from University of Central Lancashire city ..."
Guildhall Sales & Lettings are thrilled to present to the market this newly renovated two bedroom detached bungalow sat within a popular area of Ashton.
"Cromwell Road is a fantastic option for those looking for a generous two bedroom semi detached home with private garden, ample parking and the potential for open plan living. Located on the outskirts of the Preston with shops, pubs, parks and many local walks. Well placed for public transport and..."
"***ATTENTION INVESTORS***BEAUTIFUL THREE BEDROOM HOUSE***MODERN BATHROOMS***SPACIOUS KITCHEN***FULLY FURNISHED***CLOSE TO AMENITIES***WALKING DISTANCE FROM UCLAN***RENTAL INCOME OF £16,170.00***GROSS YIELD OF 10% PER ANNUM. "
Incredible investment opportunity new to the market! Jones Cameron are proud to present this fantastic property available to investors. The property is fully tenanted and converted into two self-contained flats.
"1 BED 1 BATH converted apartment of 518 sq ft. Within walking distance of the TRAIN STATION, parks bars and restaurants. Ideal for FTB and INVESTORS alike."
"*Now Under Offer* Hazelwells are pleased to offer for sale this well presented two bedroom modern mews situated in the popular Docklands location of Preston. The property offers well presented accommodation & is ideally situated for access to local amenities, Preston "
"This is a great opportunity to purchase the large terraced house. Maintaining some original features with scope to impose your own personality on this home. It's warmed by a fully serviced gas central heating system. The accommodation includes an entrance vestibule, hallway, lounge, dining room, ..."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS!!! If you are wanting to buy an investment property with great rental yields and future tenant in place search no more this recently renovated four bedroom mid terrace is currently achieving £15,120 annual return** with A potential return of £21,120. Three bedrooms..."
"Click Estate Agents are pleased to market this beautiful three bedroom end terraced house located in the popular and very sought after area of Deepdale.The house has undergone refurbishment, finished to a high standard. This family home is in immaculate show home co..."
"** ATTENTION INVESTORS / LANDLORDS ** UNMISSABLE OPPORTUNITY ** RECENTLY RENOVATED FOUR BEDROOM ** CURRENTLY ACHIEVING £15,120 ANNUAL RETURN** WITH A POTENTIAL RETURN OF £18,720. THREE BEDROOMS OCCUPIED TILL JULY. Fantastic opportunity to purchase this deceptively s..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Four Bedroom Garden Fronted Mid Terraced House. Well Presented, Cul De Sac Location, Enclosed Rear Garden. Ideal Starter Home Offering Family Sized Accommodation. Modern Kitchen, Wet Room, Central Heated, Double Glazed."
This wonderful DETACHED property on Shelley Road comes with plenty of charm and character. Double fronted with bay windows and quirky yet charmed rooms. This home really has to be seen. The property oozes character due to the wonderfully shaped kitchen with open staircase leading to the fir...
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Beautifully Presented Two Bedroom Apartment with Dockland Views. Situated within Prestigious Victoria Mansions Development. Spacious Open Plan Lounge & Kitchen, Fitted Bathroom. Ensuite to Master Bedroom, Communal Parking, NO CHAIN."
"Modern and extensive four bedroom terraced home boasting fantastic sized breakfast kitchen, master en-suite and family bathroom. Situated in the popular location of Broadgate offering excellent access to Preston city centre, train station and Avenham Park. The accommodation briefly comprises of..."
"St Pauls Road is well maintained terraced property with two reception rooms and three bedrooms. The owner of the property has tried to maintain as many original features as possible. This great home would be ideal for first time buyers, movers and investors. The property is within a few minutes w..."
"City Centre living! This large mid terrace home is within walking distance to the City Centre, Train Station, Uclan and the popular Avenham Park This property is a great size with stunning original features. and With spacious living accommodation this home briefly comprises of an entrance hall, ..."
Guildhall Sales & Lettings are thrilled to present to the market this well presented three bedroom mid terrace backing onto Lancaster Canal.
"A stunning family home with plenty of living space, this is a warm and inviting house perfect for growing families or anyone looking for a little more room. The property boasts a large reception room,  to the front of the property which is airy with lots of natural light and feature ..."
**NO CHAIN DELAY!**Guildhall Sales & Lettings are thrilled to present to the market this beautiful two bedroom semi detached property with recently added chrome switches and chrome power sockets.
TENANTED BUY-TO-LET ONE-BEDROOM APARTMENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. Call Now to Receive a Floor Plan and Info Pack
"Prime plot available - Prices from £150,000 - Choice of 2, 3 or 4 bed lodges"
Hazelwells Commercial offer for sale this commercial premises with proposed planning for an apartment to the first and second floors (subject to application approval). The property would make be ideal investment opportunity. Situated on Cannon Street in the city Centre. VIEWING ADVISED
"This three bedroom terrace property offers huge potential, the perfect first time buy, family home or investment opportunity.The Spacious three bedroom end terrace benefiting from extremely spacious rooms with high ceilings throughout and original features including; covings and picture rails."
"This excellent and family sized 3 bedroom end garden terrace house offers spacious living accomadation which is warmed by gas central heating and double glazing. The home is situated conveniently for Deepdale Retail Park, schools, shops, bus routes and local amenities. Internal viewing essential!"
"Modern, two double bedrooms apartments located in a sought-after development in central Preston The property sits close to a number of local amenities, independent shops, parks, supermarkets, bars/restaurants and has easy access to Preston Briefly comprising; Entrance hall,  stora..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Semi Detached House In Quiet Cul De Sac Location. Two Double Bedrooms, Four Piece Bathroom, Fitted Kitchen. Conservatory/Dining Room, Good Sized Enclosed Rear Garden. Off Road Parking, Fantastic Starter Home, Highly Recommended."
"A brand new two bedroom apartment, in the heart of Preson town cenre. These apartments will appeal to buy to let investors and home owners alike. With amazing local amenities and within walking distance of the University, train station and bus station. Preston was recently named the be..."
"Fabulous Four Bedroom Student Accommodation. Currently Achieving an Impressive £17,000 Gross Income Approx. Spacious Open Plan Lounge & Kitchen Area. Four Bedrooms with Fitted Desk, Wardrobe & En-Suite. Recently Refurbished. Situated in the Heart of UCLAN."
"Beautiful mid terraced house for sale in the popular area of Ashton-On-Ribble which backs onto the canal. In brief the accommodation comprises of an entrance vestibule, lo"
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Refurbished Three Bedroom Mid Terraced Home. Spacious Lounge, Modern Fitted Kitchen, Family Bathroom. Generous Sized Bedrooms, Excellent Rear Garden, Driveway Parking. Great Location Close to Local Amenities, Schools/Transport Link."
"Modern two bedroom elevated ground floor apartment boasting a balcony with scenic views across Preston Marina. No chain delay and viewing highly recommended. Situated within this sought after location of Preston docklands offering excellent access to local amenities, train station & Preston..."
"Modern and spacious three bedroom terraced home boasting superb breakfast kitchen, sunny rear courtyard and offers no chain delay. Situated within this sought after location in Ashton offering excellent access to local amenities, schools and transport links. The accommodation briefly comprises;..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Genuinely Deceptive Two Bedroom Bungalow. Cul De Sac Location, Enclosed Rear Garden. Lounge, Conservatory, Fitted Kitchen, Shower Room. Good Sized Store, Well Placed For Moor Park, Recommended."
"Beautifully presented three bedroom terraced home boasting two reception rooms, modern kitchen with appliances and luxury four piece bathroom. The home is a credit to the current owner with viewing highly recommended. Situated within this sought after location in Ashton offering excellent acces..."
"Modern and spacious two bedroom terraced home boasting two reception rooms, rear garden with large Indian stone patio and detached garage. Situated within this sought after tree lined avenue in Ashton offering excellent access to local amenities, schools and transport links. The accommodation m..."
"New to the market is this very spacious mid terrace property situation in Central Preston and within walking distance of the town centre. The home briefly comprises of two spacious reception rooms, the second leading thr"
"Spacious three-bedroom, end terraced house in a popular residential area within easy reach of Preston City Centre. Well-maintained house has a fully tiled kitchen and attached single garage. A second shower, washbasin unit, and WC are installed on the ground floor. It has a luxury fully tiled fi..."
"Three Bedroom, Two Reception Room Semi-Detached House. Close to Ashton Park, Local Schools and Amenities. Gas CH & DG, Fitted Bathroom and Kitchen. Single Garage, Driveway and Gardens Front & Rear. Call to Arrange a Viewing, No Onward Chain Delay."
Two Bedroom Apartment In Popular Development. Spacious Lounge & Modern Style Fitted Kitchen. Fitted Family Bathroom. Close to Preston City Centre. Call Now to Book Your Viewing .
"1 BED 1 BATH converted apartment of 400 sq ft. Within walking distance of the TRAIN STATION, parks bars and restaurants. Ideal for FTB and INVESTORS alike."
""" Welcome Home"" to this spacious & well-maintained end-terrace property situated in the popular residential area of Ashton. The property is located with easy access to all local amenities, shops, supermarkets, schools, Preston City Centre and main motorway connections. The accommodation briefly c..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Mid Terraced House In Popular Location. Two Double Bedrooms, Modern Fitted Kitchen & Bathroom. Gas Central Heating, Double Glazing, Well Placed For City Centre. Ideal Starter Home, Viewing Recommended."
This lovely home is well-presented and finished to a high standard. The home has a spacious living room with plenty of natural light from the dual-aspect windows to the front and rear. The lounge is perfect for spending quality time with friends and family or enjoying individual pursuits. The new...
"Modern and spacious three bedroom garden fronted terraced home boasting superb lounge/diner and modern breakfast kitchen. No chain delay and viewing highly recommended. Situated within this popular location of Ashton offering easy access to local amenities, schools and transport links. The acc..."
An excellent investment opportunity or good sized three bed family home situated over a large corner plot with fully renovated and extended open plan downstairs area. This home will be a FANTASTIC IMVESTMENT OPORTUNITY or FIRST TIME BUY. Packed with unique futures like stone windowsills and (cont.)
"First-time buyer? This is a great fit for someone looking for an affordable first home that is also a sound investment. The property has been stylishly refurbished by its current owners, with real attention to detail throughout- it really is the perfect home to move straight in."
"Lovely family home. This spacious garden fronted mid terrace is perfect for a family or first time buyer looking to get onto the property ladder. Internally the property offers an entrance hall, dual aspect lounge with French doors leading out to the rear garden, dining kitchen with a great range..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this well presented semi detached house set in a much sought after cul de sac position. The property benefits from double glazing throughout, gas central heating, spacious rooms including two double bedrooms, good sized rear garden and ample parking for multiple ..."
"Guildhall Sales & Lettings are thrilled to present to the market this spacious, two bedroom semi detached property sat on a corner plot."
"This well located 2 bedroom semi detached true bungalow is available at an asking price of £139,950 and has no chain involved. The home requires some cosmetic improvement but has been priced accordingly. The home is warmed by gas central heating and offers good sized gardens. Be quick to ..."
**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Three Bedroom Home In Fantastic Condition. Spacious Lounge And Dining Kitchen. Driveway For Off Street Parking And Garden To The Rear. Perfect Property For A First Time Buyer.
Jones Cameron are pleased to bring to the market a fantastic opportunity to purchase this well-presented mid terrace property. This property is not your average terrace and benefits from t
"The Exchange is a brand new, off-plan development from The Heaton Group, ideally located in Preston city centre. Comprising 200 stylish apartments, The Exchange will deliver a new standard of premium modern living to the local rental market, right in the heart of the city’s newest emerging ..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Three Bedroom Semi-Detached House in Established Location. Lounge, Kitchen Diner, Four Piece Ground Floor Bathroom. Gas Central Heating, Double Glazing, Driveway Parking. Enclosed Low Maintenance Rear Garden, Ideal Starter Home."
"Modern and spacious three bedroom terraced home ideal first time buy or investment opportunity. No chain delay and viewing highly recommended. Situated within this sought after location in Ashton offering easy access to Land Ends amenities, schools and transport links. The accommodation briefl..."
"Great opportunity to purchase this mid terrace property, comprising three bedrooms and two reception rooms in a sought after location close to riverside and park walks and within easy access to Preston town centre and the train station. NO CHAIN."
**Three Bedroom Property**1 Reception Room**Popular Location**1 Bathroom**Nearby School and amenities** Book appointment to avoid disappointment**
"This three bedroom terrace property is the perfect first time buy or investment property. Located within walking distance from Preston City Centre. with easy access to access to main motorway connections, local amenities and Preston railway station. The property is benefiting from double glazing,..."
*** YOU MUST BE AN INVESTOR BUYER TO ENQUIRE ABOUT THIS PROPERTY - NOT AVAILABLE TO FIRST TIME BUYERS *** Landlord to Landlord Service - GetAnOffer are looking for LANDLORDS to purchase this home which is currently RENTED producing an income. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property fo...
"Spacious two bedroom semi detached true bungalow requiring some modernisation throughout and offers no chain delay. Situated within the popular location of Ashton offering easy access to local amenities and transport links. The accommodation briefly comprises; hallway, lounge, dining kitchen, t..."
"This three bedroom semi detached property is an ideal home for First Time Buyers or Investors alike. This property is within walking distance to the City Centre, Train Station and University. Internally there is an entranced porch, lounge with an arch to the dining kitchen. To the first floor the..."
"This two bedroom semi detached property in a much sought after area of Ashton is the perfect change to get yourself on the property ladder. Ideal first time buy or investment property. Conveniently located for access to local amenities, schools, Preston City Centre, public transport links and mai..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Two Bedroom Apartment in Docklands Location. Spacious Lounge/ Dining Room & Separate Kitchen. Fitted Bathroom, Parking Space, Close to City Centre. Call Now to View."
*** STYLISH 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT *** SECOND FLOOR *** DOCKLAND VIEWS *** Lounge Diner * Balcony Overlooking the Docks * Modern Kitchen * Three Piece Bathroom Suite * Allocated Parking * 
**Two Bedroom Property**1 Reception Room**Popular Location**1 Bathroom**Nearby School and amenities** Book appointment to avoid disappointment** 
"New to the market is this wonderful investment property situated on a busy street in a popular area of Preston, just a five minute walk from the City "
"Superb Recently Refurbished Three Bedroom Detached House. Attractive Open Plan Living Space with Extended Kitchen to Rear. Gas CH & DG, Recently Fitted Kitchen and Bathroom. Close to Local Amenities and Easy Access to the City Centre . Ready to Walk into, No Onward Chain Delay."
"If you love period properties, then look no further! This detached 1930's property is brimming with period features to include the original coloured leaded glass windows. I love the space this property offers and the size of each room will not disappoint"
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this stylish four bedroom detached family home. Spacious and light throughout the property has everything you need to enjoy family life. The accommodation comprises, large entrance hall/greeting room, study, WC, Kitchen diner with separate utility room, open plan..."
"AN IMMACULATE, THREE BEDROOM, EXTENDED DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED ON A POPULAR NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT WITH SIMILAR DETACHED FAMILY HOMES. Situated within close proximity to local schools, transport links and amenities, this wonderful family home is likely to be extremely popular! The accommod..."
*** NESTLED IN A CORNER OF A QUIET CUL DE SAC *** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FAMILY HOME *** 5 BEDROOMS *** FREEHOLD * 2 Reception Rooms * Modern Fitted Kitchen * Family Bathroom & Ensuite * Low Maintenance Gardens * Ample Off- Road Parking *
"This spacious four double bedroom property is the perfect family home, offering generous sized rooms thoughout. The property is bright and airy allowing plenty of natural light to flow through the home. Darce Way is situated on a modern development located off Cottam Way, at the end of..."
A BREATHTAKING BARN BURSTING WITH CHARACTER & OOZING WITH CLASS - OPEN PLAN LOUNGE DINER - SPACIOUS GF BEDROOM WITH EN SUITE - CONTEMPORARY KITCHEN - LANDING / 26FT SECOND LOUNGE WITH FEATURE LOG BURNING STOVE - THREE BEDROOMS & A BEAUTIFUL FOUR PIECE BATHROOM TO THE FIRST FLOOR - GATED ESTATE -
"Looking for an attractive 4 bedroom house in Penwortham? With a lovely kitchen/diner for all the family to enjoy and a garden that's perfect for entertaining, this could be the home for you."
"It is with great pleasure we offer to the market this most exceptional detached. This ideal family home is positioned in a most superb residential area of Higher Penwortham, close to a wide variety of highly reputable schools are primary and secondary schools..."
"Stunning barn conversion, nestled in a private gated complex known as New Links, boasting undisrupted views of Lancaster Canal, open countryside and is positioned adjacent to Ashton & Lea Golf Course, yet within excellent accessibility to local amenities such as; schools, shops, Preston City ..."
** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** A beautiful extended four-bedroom traditional semi-detached family property in Broughton!!
"YOPA are proud to offer this fantastic family home the highly sought after village of Higher Walton. A 5 bed detached home situated in a quiet cul de sac perfect for any growing family. With easy access to some of the most sought after hotspots in the country, this home is perfectly situated."
Very well presented detached family home sat on a generous plot close to excellent schools 
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Four Bedroom Detached House In Prime Residential Location. Lounge, Great Sized Dining/Family Room With Access To Rear Garden. Ground Floor WC, Integral Garage, Double Width Driveway. Attractive Enclosed Rear Garden, Excellent Local Ameniti"
The Dukeswood II is a supremely attractive 4 bedroom detached home full of light and character.
"If you are searching for a home with character, charm and bright spacious rooms, then look no further. Situated in a desirable area of Walton Le Dale, this wonderful family home has been decorated and maintained with inimitable taste by the current owners, seamlessly matching modern fixtures and..."
Bradley Taylor Properties are thrilled to offer this recently renovated 3/4 bedroom detached dormer bungalow for sale. Situated in the highly desirable location of Broughton. No Onward chain.
This really is a unique opportunity in more ways than one! Firstly and most importantly this is a fabulous family home with everything you could wish for and more. Spacious and light throughout with large rooms bursting with character. This will be hugely popular with a wide range of buyers looki...
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this executive five bedroom detached home. Perfect for a wide range of buyers but certainly those looking for quality, spaciousness and light throughout then this is perfect for you. The accommodation comprises; Hallway, integrated garage, living room..."
"Impressive OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/family room with doors leading to the garden and a SEPARATE lounge. Upstairs there's a master bedroom with an EN-SUITE, three further bedrooms and a family bathroom. "
THREE BEDROOM HOME with and EN-SUITE TO EACH along with a WALK-IN DRESSING ROOM to the master. Ground floor boasts an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM along with SEPARATE UTILITY and CLOAKS ROOM as well as a SEPARATE LOUNGE and INTEGRAL GARAGE.
The Hertford is a stunning FOUR BEDROOM HOME offering spacious modern living across three stories. The airy OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN and dining area is ideal for both family life and social occasions with FRENCH DOORS opening onto a LARGE SOUTHWEST FACING GARDEN. Unwind after a long day in your spacious...
"Elegant 4 bedroom detached home with OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/ family room with doors leading to the GARDEN. On the ground floor there is also a downstairs WC. On the first floor there is a master bedroom with EN-SUITE, three further bedrooms and a family bathroom. This home also has a GARAGE."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Impeccably Presented Modern Three Bedroom Detached House. Lounge, Extensive Fitted Kitchen Diner, Utility & Ground Floor WC. En Suite To Master Bedroom, Fitted Wardrobes, Integral Garage. Double Width Driveway, Good Sized Enclosed Rear Gar"
Three Bedroom End Terraced Home in Brilliant Location . Garden to Rear with Views Over the Canal . Lounge and Fitted Dining Kitchen. Three Piece Bathroom Suite . Call now to View .
"Two Bedroom Apartment Close to Preston City Centre. Open Plan Lounge and Kitchen . Fitted Bathroom Suite, Double Glazing. Communal Parking, Close to local Amenities. Currently Let and Can be sold with tenant in situ ."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Deceptive Accommodation Arranged Over Three Floors. Three Bedroom End Terraced House, En Suite Bathroom, Shower Room. Lounge, Dining Kitchen & Store Room. Established & Convenient Location."
"Don’t miss out on this deceptively large home on Miller Road, Preston. "
Attention first time buyers and investors! This terraced home enjoys a great position within the sought-after area of Ashton On Ribble. Fantastic local amenities on Blackpool Road and great schooling for both primary and secondary are just a short walk away. Whilst the City Centre and Preston Doc...
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Modernised Two Bedroom End Terrace House. Lounge Open Plan To Fitted Breakfast Kitchen. Enclosed Rear Yard With Patio, Established Ever Popular Location. Central Heated, Double Glazed, Fantastic Starter Home."
"Nestled off Garstang Road and across from Moor Park, this second-floor apartment is well positioned for all the City of Preston has to offer! Conveniently located within easy distance of the shops, pubs, restaurants, train station and Royal Preston Hospital, the location box is most definitely ti..."
*** FULLY RENOVATED THROUGHOUT *** SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT *** 2 DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** Ready to Move Into * Offered With No Chain * Fitted Kitchen * Spacious Lounge with Balcony * Three Piece Bathroom * Parking Space * Garage *
"First-time buyer? This is a great fit for someone looking for an affordable first home that’s also a sound investment. This cozy two-bed terrace is perfect for a young couple. The entrance opens into the porch and then the sitting room which is well-proportioned with a large window,..."
"This mid terrace home is perfect for a first time buyer looking to get onto the property ladder or a buy to let investor. This home is a great size and is ready for its new owners to move in. Internally the property briefly comprises of a: vestibule, lounge with feature electric fire, kitchen wit..."
"This garden fronted end terrace is spacious and modern through-out. Internally the property comprises of an entrance hallway, open plan kitchen diner, downstairs WC, lounge with French doors leading out to the rear. To the first floor there are three bedrooms and a three piece modern bathroom. Ex..."
"PUBLIC NOTICE Entwistle Green are now in receipt of an offer for the sum of £117,000 for 26 Stocks Road, Ashton-on-Ribble, Preston PR2 2SX. Anyone wishing to place an offer on this property should contact Entwistle Green, 13-14 Chapel Street, Preston PR1 8BY before exchan..."
"This well situated and spacious family home is located close to local amenities, schools, shops, supermarket, bus routes and Mosque. The home is a good size, requires some cosmetic improvements and has been priced to sell! To the rear is a patio garden with garage. Viewing recommended."
 Chain Free! This spacious property is full of potential and perfect for growing families or anyone looking for a little more room.  The hallway leads into the generous kitchen diner which is light and bright and has plenty of storage space as well as space for...
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this three bed newly decorated mid terrace property situated in the popular area of Broadgate, Preston. Conveniently located with great views of the River Ribble and a short drive from supermarkets, multiplex cinema, schools, gyms, Preston guild wheel, restaurant..."
"Looking for a converted property with excellent rental returns and great potential to improve? if so, this could be for you. Situated on Roebuck Street withing Ashton-On-Ribble close to Preston City centre and within a whole host of local amenities. This fantastic opportunity must be viewed to ap..."
We are pleased to present for sale this fantastic investment opportunity. This is a three bedroom mid terrace property which is being 
"A brand new one bedroom apartment, in the heart of Preson town cenre. These apartments will appeal to buy to let investors and home owners alike. With amazing local amenities and within walking distance of the University, train station and bus station. Preston was recently named the be..."
"Two Bedroom Terraced Home in Popular Location. Lounge, Fitted Kitchen & Bathroom Suite. Rear Yard, Close to Local Amenities. Perfect Buy to let or First time buy. Call now for more information ."
"Two Bedroom Apartment in Popular location. Situated Close to Preston City Centre, UCLAN & Transport Links . Spacious Open Plan Lounge/Diner, Kitchen & Bathroom. Perfect Buy to Let or Investment Property . Call Now to Book Your Viewing ."
*** 2 BEDROOM HOME *** SPACIOUS LOUNGE *** FITTED BREAKFAST KITCHEN *** Bathroom and Separate WC * Enclosed Rear Yard * Ability to Acquire Plot on Allotment * Ideal Investment Opportunity *
"Ben Rose Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market a fantastic opportunity to acquire this two bedroom, mid terrace property in Preston. The property would be an ideal home for a first time buyer and is well placed for Preston City Centre. It is also located close to great motorway lin..."
"Modern and spacious two double bedroom bay fronted end terrace with rear garage room and boasts modern kitchen and bathroom Situated within the sought after location of Lane Ends, Ashton offering excellent access to local amenities, transport links and schools. The accommodation briefly comprise..."
"Taylors Estates are delighted to offer this two double bedroom luxury apartment, presented to a high standard and situated in the highly popular Room Apartments, within walking distance of all the City Centre's attributed amenities and transport links. Call to arrange your viewing!"
"The Nelson at The Paddocks is a charming 4 bedroom property and an ideal family home. Featuring a large OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINER, luxury fitted kitchen with a choice of finishes, EN-SUITE from the master bedroom, a separate lounge and a single integral garage."
"A really lovely detached family home in a sought location of Wychnor, where the internal living space is perfectly proportioned, offering the new owner an abundance of flexible living space that can be used to suit their needs. This home has been well maintained over the years offering double gla..."
 Very rarely does such a stunning family home reach the open market. This beautiful traditional semi detached house is set in the most desirable location of Higher Penwortham. Having an amazing extension to the rear providing a practical and contemporary space for a well designed and well equipp...
**NO CHAIN** OPTION FOR LARGE FAMILY HOME OR ANNEXE FOR RELATIVE ** This versatile property would ideally suit a family with annex for a relative who wants independent living but needs family support. The property would also suit corporate care companies to house an adult who requires carers on ...
"This large family house has lots of space, natural light, and a big garden, it’s a lovely home for a growing family."
"**NO CHAIN**
Double fronted large family home located on highly desirable Kingsway in Higher Penwortham requiring some modernisation throughout.
This family home features spacious living accommodation, having two large reception rooms and a large kitchen/dining room with some modernisation requir..."
"This detached family is the stunning through-out. The owners have renovated the property to a high standard and added an extension to the rear opening it into a modern family room. This home is ready and waiting for its new owners! Within walking distance to Cottam Primary School, public transpor..."
"THE WHALLEY PLUS Incentives £2,000 towards options and £500.00 towards legal fees. Four bedroom detached home / modern kitchen/dining room with access to the rear garden through French doors / relaxing living room / useful utility store / downstairs WC / four spa..."
Immaculately presented traditional semi-detached property offered for sale with NO CHAIN DELAY positioned within this popular higher Penwortham cul-de-sac.
*** FANTASTIC SIZED PLOT *** IMMACULATELY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT *** 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** 2 Reception Rooms * Contemporary Breakfast Kitchen * Detached Double Garage and Driveway * Private Rear Garden * No Onward Chain * 
"Cottam is a very popular area of Preston, and this detached family home ticks a lot of boxes for what we know buyers are looking for right now."
"If you are looking for a property with great sized rooms, private rear garden and open to views to the front then this is certainly the property for you. The property is in immaculate condition both internally and externally. The accommodation comprises; entrance hall, WC, storage cup..."
"What an incredible bungalow! This is a deceptively spacious 2/3 bedroom detached bungalow, bigger than your average 3 bed semi. Situated in the highly desirable location of Glenway, Penwortham."
"Immaculately presented four bedroom detached property with over 1377 sq ft of modern living space across two floors, as well as an integral garage which can be accessed through the utility room. Downstairs there is a storage cupboard and cloakroom toilet, as well as a spacious lounge and bay wind..."
"Attractive and beautifully presented modern semi-detached house in this highly sought after village location. Positioned within a cul-de-sac only a short walk from the village amenities, reputable school and transport links. This superb home has accommodation arranged over ground and first flo..."
Online Auction 22nd to 23rd March 2023
*** POSITIONED ON A SOUGHT- AFTER ROAD IN PENWORTHAM *** 4 BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY *** QUIET CUL DE SAC *** 2 Reception Rooms * Breakfast Kitchen * Family Bathroom & Ensuite * Detached Garage * Ample Off Road Parking * Enclosed Gardens *
*** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN *** NOT OVERLOOKED *** FIELDS AT THE BACK *** 2 Bedrooms * 2 Reception Rooms * Fitted Kitchen * 4 Piece Bathroom * Ample Off Road Parking * Tandem Garage * Generous Size Rear Garden * 2 Sheds * 
"SPACIOUS 4 bedroom detached home! Which features a large lounge and an OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/ family room with doors leading to the GARDEN. On the ground floor there is also a downstairs WC. On the first floor there is a master bedroom with EN-SUITE, three further bedrooms and a family bathroom."
"Beautifully appointed and presented Edwardian era property located within easy reach to the amenities and schools of Penwortham, boasting an extensive rear garden of approximately 249 ft long.  "
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Four Bedroom Detached House In Sought After Location. Two Reception Rooms, Kitchen Diner, En Suite To Master Bedroom. Ground Floor WC, Good Sized Enclosed Rear Garden. Detached Double Garage, Excellent Local Amenities."
"The Westwood II is a stunning 4 bedroom home offering the perfect combination of space, comfort and style."
"Although in need of some modernisation, this spacious property offers a unique opportunity to create a wonderful family home. Already benefitting from double glazing and central heating, the large windows allow ample natural light to flow through into each room. Briefly the internal accommodatio..."
"***Guide Price £110,000 to £120,000*** If you’re looking for a bright, inviting, affordable home, this 3-bed house is definitely worth a look. This wonderful home has plenty of space and bags of potential. The front door opens into an entrance vestibule whic..."
Spacious two bedroom ground floor apartment boasting a modern dining kitchen and luxury shower room. No chain delay and viewing highly recommended. Situated within this sought after location in Old Ashton offering excellent access to local amenities and transport links. The generous accommodat...
"New to the market is this fantastic investment opportunity on Brixey Street, Preston. This three-bedroom mid terrace property is to be sold with a sitting tenant. "
"**NO CHAIN**
Two double bedroom End of Terrace home in excellent condition throughout. Ideal for first time buyers or perfect investment opportunity.
Located close to local amenities, large supermarkets and well regarded Schools. As well as being within easy reach of M6 motorway junctions and Pr..."
INVESTMENT PROPERTY * CAN BE RENTED OR FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS * Within a Residential Area * End Terrace House * Reception Room * Three Bedrooms * Bathroom * Fitted Kitchen * Off Road Parking * Walking Distance to City Centre * Viewing Highly Recommended
"Fitzgerald Street is a well appointed three bedroom terraced property just outside the city centre. There is currently a tenant in situ with an ongoing assured shorthold tenancy agreement. Ideally the property will be sold with the tenant remaining there. Locally, you will find shops a..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Two Bedroom End Mews Style Property In Cul De Sac Location. Modernised & Re Decorated, Lounge & separate Dining Room. Fitted Kitchen With Integrated Appliances, Double Glazing. Gas Central Heating, Enclosed Rear Garden, Excellent Starter H"
"For Sale by Online Auction with a Starting Bid of £110,000. Terms & Conditions Apply. Deceptively Spacious Four Bedroom Garden Terraced House in a Sought After Position of Old Ashton. Visit Webbmove for all of the Auction Details."
"Modern and spacious two bedroom mews situated within a quiet cul-de-sac location in Ingol boasting views of parkland to the front. The location offers easy access to local amenities, schools and transport links. The accommodation briefly comprises; vestibule, lounge, modern breakfast kitchen, t..."
"Hazelwells are pleased to offer for sale this well presented mid terrace property located in the City Centre minutes walk from all amenities, bus and train station. The accommodation briefly comprises; vestibule, living room which is open plan to the dining kitchen, utility space"
This property is for sale by the Modern Method of Auction. The property is currently tenanted until April 2023 and we do not have access for internal viewings. The tenant is currently paying £800 pcm. Immaculate two bedroom penthouse apartment boasting a large decked roof terrace with ...
"Jones Cameron are pleased to present to the market this very well presented, two-bedroom mid terrace house. To be sold with sitting tenants, this is the perfect investment for any landlord. Convenient "
"Situated in a convenient location for schools, shops, bus routes and local amenities this two double bedroom mid terrace house is warmed by gas central heating and double glazing, The home is currently tenanted which could prove to be a good investment or as a home. Viewing recommended!"
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Superb Two Bedroom, First Floor Apartment in Prime Location. Spacious Lounge with Dining Area, Fitted Kitchen & Shower Room. En Suite to Master Bedroom, Double Glazing, Storage Heating. Communal Parking, Ideal Buy to Let Achieving Ap"
"The perfect opportunity to purchase this ground floor one bedroom apartment. Ideal for first time buyers, investor or professionals. the property benefits from superb original, with high ceilings and spacious rooms throughout. The apartment comes with an allocated parking space, and allocated sto..."
"New to the market is this wonderful apartment on Old School Square, Preston. On internal inspection, the property briefly comprises of a spacious lounge, fitted kitchen, three-piece bathroom and double bedroom."
"Front Garden.Entrance Hall.A large lounge.Open plan fitted kitchen/ diner.Landing.Two double bedrooms.Family bathroom.Extremely large garden - patio area, paved area and lawn area.Ga..."
Spacious ground floor apartment. This property is situated in the popular location on Ashton-on-Ribble and has beautiful views over the stunning Sacred Heart Church. There are well maintained communal gardens to the front and access via the side to the rear of the property where you will find the...
22nd-23rd March 2023 Online Auction
Looking for a great renovation/investment opportunity?
"** ATTENTION INVESTORS ** Modern and spacious two double bedroom ground floor apartment offering no chain delay. With tenant in situ providing yearly income of £7200. Situated within easy access to Preston city centre and UCLAN. The generous accommodation briefly comprises; hallway, ope..."
"The property briefly comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, double bedroom, single bedroom, kitchen & bathroom. The property benefits from views over the communal front and back gardens.The well maintained and pleasant communal gardens are majority laid to lawn with many mature plan..."
A One bedroom flat situated in Blackburn that is currently achieving £435 pcm in rent. *Please note there are no viewings available on this property and it is being sold with a sitting tenant*
"A VERY WELL APPOINTED EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE AT THE HEAD OF A CUL DE SAC. WITH A LOVELY DINING KITCHEN, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS AND SEPARATE UTILITY. TO THE FIRST FLOOR THERE ARE FOUR BEDROOMS, EN SUITE AND MAIN BATHROOM. THE REAR GARDEN IS NOT OVERLOOKED."
"Immaculate four bedroom detached family home which is a credit to the current owner with newly fitted kitchen, master en-suite and family bathroom. Situated within this quiet cul-de-sac location in Lea offering excellent access to local amenities, schools and transport links. The extended accom..."
"If you're in the market for a spacious family home, ready-to-move-in standard, viewing is an absolute must for this perfectly placed property. Boasting an enviable location just off Watling Street Road within Fulwood, you'll also enjoy being within walking distance of most amenities. Ideally equi..."
"*** REDUCED BY £15,000 *** MOTIVATED VENDOR *** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FAMILY HOME *** CONTEMPORARY AND MODERN FITTINGS THROUGHOUT *** 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** 2 Reception Rooms * Open Plan Breakfast Kitchen * Converted Garage * Downstairs WC * Family Bathroom & Ensuite to Bedroom One * Off ..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Traditional Semi Detached Bungalow In Fantastic Location. Three Bedrooms, Lounge & Separate Dining Room, Modern Bathroom. Good Sized Conservatory/Sitting Room, South Facing Rear Garden. Detached Garage, Excellent Retirement Or Family Home."
"A SPACIOUS town house in Cottam, available CHAIN FREE, ideal for INVESTORS or GROWING FAMILIES. Call to enquire! Bettermove are proud to present this charming three bedroom town house in Cottam, available with no forward chain.The property benefits from double glazing, gas c..."
"A family home that comes to the market ticking most the boxes. This detached property has plenty of potential, yet already offers plenty of internal living accommodation over the two floors. Boasting a large garage, there is plenty of parking available for vehicles and the south facing rear garde..."
"This really is a fantastic opportunity to purchase this delightful two bedroom detached true bungalow. Situated in the very heart of Fulwood it is perfect for a wide range of buyers looking to be close to the hospital, M6 and a variety of local amenities. The property is spacious and light throug..."
"Stunning extended traditional DORMER BUNGALOW with an amazingly breathtaking rural outlook to the front and back, the good sized entrance hall leads to the third bedroom and bathroom with feature tiling and double aspect windows to the rear, the lounge is situated in the heart of the proper (cont.)"
"A real WOW property. Completely refurbished to a very high standard and extended to the rear. The property is perfect for a wide range of buyers and will appeal to young professionals and people looking to downsize into luxury. The accommodation comprises, entrance porch with composite door. good..."
"Presented to the highest of standards is this beautifully presented detached family home. Positioned on a lovely recently built modern development off 'The Cawsey', an area proving its self to be extremely popular, mainly for its accessibly to local amenities, schools and road routes."
Complete with a south west facing garden and garage is this 4 bed Lydford.
"Family home in a VILLAGE location, within a short walk of BROUGHTON SCHOOL. Well maintained throughout and finished to a high standard. 3 BEDROOMS, open plan lounge dining room with feature EXPOSED BRICK fireplace."
**CHAIN FREE** Tiger Sales Introduce To The Market This Spacious Four Bedroom Semi-Detached Family Home Ideally Located For Easy Access To Preston Centre And The Motorway. For Your Viewing Call Tiger Sales Today!
"AN IMMACULATE FOUR/FIVE BEDROOM, EXTENDED, DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED WITHIN A POPULAR DEVELOPMENT, IDEAL FOR YOUNG FAMILIES! This wonderful family home, occupying a good size plot with a large front garden, enclosed rear garden and driveway parking for several vehicles! The accommodation is ..."
"Moorgate is situated on a quiet cul-de-sac just off Garstang road. This extended home is located within the heart of Fulwood with excellent schools, shops, pubs, parks and many local walks. Well placed for public transport, motorway connections, Royal Preston Hospital and Preston City Centre. "
"**5% DEPOSIT PAID** This beautifully crafted high specification home offers spacious living across three floors with a South facing garden. There is a fully fitted kitchen/dining area, spacious lounge featuring bi-fold doors leading to a paved patio and turfed rear garden."
"A beautiful apartment sited within the prestigious Miller Gardens development. This stunning property simply must be viewed!! Located in the highly popular area of Broadgate, within walking distance of Preston train station, Preston city centre as well as picturesque walks along the river."
"*YOU COULD SAVE UP TO £3,100 A YEAR ON YOUR ENERGY BILLS WITH A NEW MORRIS HOME* The Adlington features an OPEN PLAN kitchen with FRENCH DOORS leading to the GARDEN, Utility Room leading through to downstairs WC and integral SINGLE GARAGE. EN SUITE to master bedroom with fitted wardrobes."
If you are looking for the perfect house in the perfect location then this surely is the one for you! Situated in the very heart of Fulwood with a wide array of local amenties and close to the hospital plus great schools and within a minute from the M6 making it great for anyone looking to commut...
*** RENOVATED THROUGHOUT TO A HIGH STANDARD *** READY TO MOVE INTO *** 4/5 DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** 2 Reception Rooms * Fitted Kitchen * Conservatory * Ground floor Bathroom * Shower room * Detached Garage * Off Road Parking * Front & Rear Gardens * 
"If you have a wish list that includes all of these features: close to local amenities, spacious rooms, period features and off-road parking, then we suggest you take a look at this little gem! Positioned just off Garstang Road, Harrison Road is the ideal spot for any professional or family, being..."
"Rare opportunity to purchase a beautifully presented two bedroom detached true bungalow in the sought after location of Hoghton! Offered with no chain delay, double glazing & central heating throughout! Lovingly cared for & maintained, this charming home is truly a delight! Briefly comprisi (cont.)"
"*WE'LL PAY YOUR MORTGAGE FOR A YEAR* This beautifully crafted high specification home offers spacious living across three floors. There is a fully fitted kitchen/dining area, spacious lounge featuring bi-fold doors leading to a paved patio and turfed rear garden."
"Three bedroom detached home with contemporary kitchen/dining room with access to the rear garden through FRENCH DOORS and STYLISH breakfast area, separate light and airy LIVING ROOM, useful storage cupboard, Ensuite main bedroom, downstairs wc and DETACHED GARAGE"
THE CLITHEROE. Three bedroom detached home / contemporary kitchen/dining room with access to the rear garden through French doors / stylish breakfast area / separate light and airy living room / useful storage cupboard / three spacious bedrooms / en-suite to main bedroom / family bathr...
"Elegant 4 bedroom detached home! Includes SEPARATE LOUNGE, open plan FAMILY/kitchen/diner with doors leading to the GARDEN. There is also a integral Garage and WC on this floor. On the first floor there is a master bedroom with an EN SUITE, three further bedrooms and a family bathroom."
"The Kingsville is an elegant THREE BEDROOM home WITH ADDITIONAL STUDY ideal for home working, a desirable home for second steppers or extending families. The ground floor presents a spacious OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN/BREAKFAST/DINING AREA with FRENCH DOORS leading out to a fully turfed rear GARDEN. On th..."
"An outstanding three bedroom traditional semi detached house, boasting good sized and immaculately presented accommodation throughout. On internal inspection to the ground floor there is a welcoming entrance hallway, living room to the front with an extended lounge to the rear along with a modern..."
This semi detached dormer bungalow is a great family home or for anyone who requires ground floor living. The property has been renovated throughout and is ready to move into. The property boasts from a large open plan modern family room with a stunning multi fuel burner and bi-folding doors out ...
"Where to start with this impressive property! This attractive detached family home is situated within the highly desirable area of Fulwood, it offers a unique amount of accommodation bringing true meaning to the words, more than meets the eye. Set on a generous plot lends itself to the family loo..."
"This delightful detached family home is a credit to the current owners. Finished to a good standard throughout. The property is located in a very sought after area of Broughton, just off Dutton Lane. With easy access to a range of local amenities, highly regarded schools, main motorway connection..."
Looking for a large family home that is move in ready with a large kitchen diner? Look no further.
"This extended semi detached family home is offered for sale here with Click Estate Agents, set in a popular residential area of Lea. The three bedroom home has recently been updated.The house has undergone a full refurbishment, finished to a high standard. This fami..."
"This four bedroom detached is well presented through-out and offers modern living for a family. Internally you will find spacious living accommodation including an entrance hall with an internal door into the garage, downstairs WC, lounge with double doors to the modern kitchen diner with a moder..."
"A rare opportunity to own a home on this very desirable road. This is a beautifully presented 4 bed family home with lots of great features and style with benefits such as, spacious rooms throughout, three double bedrooms, a garage and spacious gardens. This property briefly comprises;..."
"This imposing detached home certainly boasts kerb appeal, reflected perfectly with a stunning interior. The property allows the next lucky owner to simply sit back and enjoy all that this family home has to offer. Sitting on a great size plot and positioned at the start of a quiet cul-de-sac, the..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Third Floor Apartment Ideal For The First Time Buyer. Two Bedrooms, Three Piece Bathroom, Designated Parking Space. Open Plan Kitchen Diner/Lounge With Juliet Balcony, Lift Service. Security Entry System, Well Placed For City Centre & Amen"
"Modern two bedroom second floor apartment offering no chain delay. Situated within this popular location in Preston offering easy access to city centre amenities and transport links. The accommodation briefly comprises; hallway, open plan lounge / dining kitchen, two bedrooms with fitted wardro..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Two Bedroom Ground Floor Apartment, Communal Parking. Communal Laundry Room, Popular Over 55's Development. Ideal Retirement Home, Communal Gardens. Guest Accommodation Available, Viewing Recommended."
"FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION. Starting Bid £70,000. Terms and Conditions Apply *TENANT-IN-SITU* A one-bedroom first floor apartment coming to market via auction that is currently achieving £420 pcm in rent. *Please note there are no viewing's available on this property * "
"Hazelwells are pleased to offer for sale this well presented 2 double bedroom, 2 bathroom first floor apartment located in this popular development located within walking distance of the City Centre. Viewing advised."
"*CASH BUYERS ONLY* Centenary Mill in positioned just off New Hall Lane, offering open plan modern living. Located within Preston City centre the property benefits from all the shops, amenities, cafes, bars, restaurants, Newman College, Train Station and Bus Station. This property is an ideal inv..."
A one bedroom ground floor apartment that is currently achieving £435 pcm in rent. *Please note there are no viewings available on this property and it is being sold with a sitting tenant*
A one-bedroom first floor apartment coming to market via auction that is currently achieving 420 pcm in rent. *Please note there are no viewings available on this property *
"FOR SALE BY AUCTION. STARTING BID £70,000. TERMS & CONDITIONS APPLY *Tenant-In-Situ* A one bedroom ground floor apartment coming to market via auction that is currently achieving £435 pcm in rent. "
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. One Bed Top Floor Apartment in Immaculate Condition. Gas Central Heating & Double Glzd, Fitted Kitchen and Shower Room. 100 Year Lease Achieving Net £450 PCM Rent . No Onward Chain a Must See Great Location at Lane Ends."
"A great apartment for City Centre living in a fantastic location, close to all the social and shopping amenities overlooking beautiful and historic Winkley Square. Open plan living with one bed, suitable for students or professionals working in the City."
"CALLING BUY-TO-LET INVESTORS CURRENTLY TENANTED Early viewing is advised on this two bedroom apartment being sold with NO CHAIN. Situated in a convenient location for bus routes, shops, amenities and motorway links the property will make an ideal investment. "
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. First Floor One Bedroom Flat. Communal Gardens, GCH and Double Glazing. Sold With Tenant In Situ. Internal Viewing Recommended ."
"Taylors Estates are delighted to bring to market this superb, top floor studio apartment, situated in the Lunar House development within the heart of Preston City Centre. Call to arrange your viewing now!"
Stunning Two Bedroom Top Floor Duplex Apartment. Fitted Kitchen with Top of the Range Appliances. Currently Configured with One Double Bed and Separate Study. Shower Room with Double Shower. A Must See. Offered with NO CHAIN .
"Based within the highly sought-after location of Preston, is a beautifully presented three-bedroom ground floor flat, located within walking distance, or a short drive from various amenities, shops, train stations, and local schools. This home is perfect for families looking to move to an attr..."
"The property comprises an entrance hallway, a bright and spacious lounge, with access to a private balcony, a modern-fitted kitchen, two generous double bedrooms, a third single room, bathroom and separate WC."
"Public Notice Address: 9 Kayley House, New Hall Lane, Preston, Lancashire, PR1 4DP We are acting in the sale of the above property and have received an offer of £56,000. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an..."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS - GENERATE IMMEDIATE INCOME ON THESE TENANTED LUXURY STUDIO APARTMENTS! Three apartments are for sale in Lunar House, a fantastic development in the heart of Preston."
"An excellent investment opportunity. This city centre apartment is centrally located close to all amenities including shops, restaurants, Harris museum and UCLAN university. It provides easy to maintain, low running costs accommodation which comprises entrance hall, living area with fully fitted ..."
"We are acting in the sale of the above property and have received an offer of £57,000 on the above property. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before exchange of contracts takes place. The Energy Performance Certificate Rating is ..."
"Stonebridge Shaw is pleased to bring to market this two bedroom apartment, with NO FORWARD CHAIN, situated on the lower ground floor of the original Mill building and within the Centenary Mill Court development. Located in a convenient spot for access to the City Centre, motorway links, bus route..."
**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Two Bed Bungalow in attractive development.. Gas CH & DG Fitted Kitchen and Shower room.. Patio doors onto communal gardens.. 50%Shared ownership over 55 development..
"Taylors Estates are pleased to bring to market this two bedroom apartment located on the lower ground floor of the Centenary Mill Court development. Priced to reflect the work required, this property is a great investment opportunity. "
"This superbly located two bedroom mid terrace bungalow is available by 50% shared ownership. An excellent opportunity to acquire one level living at an affordable price. The property is warmed by gas central heating and double glazing, requires some cosmetic improvement and has been priced acco..."
Ideal Investment Property Situated With Walking Distance Of UCLAN. Studio Apartment Providing Attractive Rental Yields. Open Plan Living Accommodation. Private Residents Parking. Internal Viewing Recommended To Appreciate The Opportunity.
Ideal Investment Property within Walking Distance of UCLAN. Currently Providing Attractive Rental Yields. Studio Apartment Providing Open Plan Living Accommodation. Private Residents Parking . Internal Viewing Recommended to Appreciate Investment Opportunity.
This studio apartment is a superb investment opportunity in Preston City Centre with a Rental Yield of approximately 9.4%. With a gross income of approx £7200 per annum and a net income of approx £4200 based on 48 weeks paid quarterly. Leighton Hall is a short ...
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Superb Over 55s First Floor One Bedroom Apartment. Spacious Lounge and Open Plan Kitchen. Modern Shower Room, Communal Gardens and Laundry Room. Guest Accommodation Available, Call Now to View!."
"Studio apartment located right in the heart of Preston city centre, Lunar House is a high-quality conversion of former offices that have been turned into 20 contemporary and well-specified studios, fitted with all mod cons and appliances. Each apartment features bespoke LED cabinet lighting and l..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this well presented first floor apartment set in the much sought after over 55's complex Hanover Court. Conveniently located for access to the local amenities, bus routes, main motorway connections and Preston City Centre. On internal inspection the accommodation..."
**UCLAN Location** Investment Property**STUDIO** Fitted Kitchen** Ensuite Shower Room**Town centre nearby** Minutes Walkaway from Local shops and amenities**
"Stonebridge Shaw is pleased to bring to the market this one bedroom, purpose built, duplex apartment, in the old mill building, which is situated in a convenient location for the City Centre, motorway links, bus routes and local amenities. Situated on the 4th Floor in the old mill this propert..."
"This one bedroom purpose built duplex apartment, in the old mill building, has been situated in a convenient location for the City Centre, motorway links, bus routes and local amenities"
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Two Bedroom Bungalow in Popular Over 55s Development . Lounge, Kitchen & Bathroom. Gardens to Rear, Double Glazing. Communal Parking."
"This is a perfect opportunity to get yourself on to the property ladder or can be used as an ideal investment property, located close to Preston City Centre. Convenient for access to local amenities, bus routes and main motorway connections."
"For sale by public auction on 22/03/2023 08:00 . Please note that the Auction will be an online auction via our website. For further information including viewing times and legal packs, please visit our website."
"Ground Floor - Two Reception Rooms, Kitchen, First Floor - Two Bedrooms, Bathroom/WC, GIA (Source: EPC) Approximately 94 sq m (1012 sq ft), Rear Yard, Preston rail station is approximately 1.3 miles to the south west , The open spaces of Moor Park are within walking distance to the north "
"A great opportunity to get yourself on the property ladder. This one bedroom apartment is the perfect first time buy. . Conveniently located for access to local schools, Preston City Centre, local amenities, main motorway connections and bus routes. The accommodation comprises; communal entrance,..."
"Fantastic first time buy - 50% shared ownership. Immaculate and spacious two bedroom second floor apartment boasting secure gated parking and offers no chain delay. Situated within this sought after location in Preston city centre offering excellent access to city centre amenities, transport li..."
This recently modernised 1 bedroom first floor purpose built apartment is available to CASH BUYERS ONLY and provides an excellent opportunity to investors and first time buyers if in receipt for the full sum. The home offers a large lounge and bedroom with a fitted kitchen and bathroom off the h...
Taylors Estates are pleased to bring to market this one bedroom apartment on the top floor of the Centenary Mill Court development. Priced to reflect the work required this property is a great investment opportunity. 
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Well Priced Two Bedroom Apartment Close to Amenities. Lounge & Fitted Kitchen. Bathroom Suite. Communal Gardens & Parking, NO CHAIN DELAY."
"**GREAT BUY TO LET OPPORTUNITY WITH POTENTIAL 14% YIELD!!** A two DOUBLE BEDROOMED DUPLEX apartment with BALCONY & PARKING situated in a convenient location, close to local amenities and transport links. Likely to sell quickly so early viewing is strongly recommended."
"Stonebridge Shaw is pleased to bring to the market this one bedroom apartment, situated on the top floor of the original Mill building and within the Centenary Mill Court development. Located in a convenient spot for access to the City Centre, motorway links, bus routes and local amenities too. ..."
** Monthly service charge - £195.36** 
Please form an orderly queue. This outstanding family home in a cul-de-sac on a cul-de-sac (as described by the owner) really will hit the mark for most buyers. The property comes with ample parking and has been modernised throughout. The south facing rear garden allows many a sun soak...
We are thrilled to introduce this deceptively spacious three-bedroom detached property to the market with NO CHAIN DELAY.
"This is a fantastic property for anyone looking for a spacious family home positioned on a popular road, within easy access of amenities, schools and Royal Preston Hospital. The property offers everything you need for a modern family, with large lounge, dining room and three bedrooms. ..."
"Holdens would like to introduce this delightful four bedroom semi detached property with accommodation over three floors, situated within close proximity of the local amenities of Lostock Hall. Briefly the ground floor consists of a downstairs WC, spacious dining room, kitchen and conservatory. T..."
"**WE'LL PAY YOUR MORTGAGE FOR A YEAR**. This home makes an impression as soon as you step inside, with a large entrance hall leading into the kitchen/dining/family area with a fully equipped L-shaped kitchen featuring French doors."
*** 3 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME *** TWO RECEPTIONS AND CONSERVATORY *** NO CHAIN *** POPULAR LOCATION *** Modern Fitted Kitchen * Utility and Downstairs WC * En-suite To Bedroom One * Private Rear Garden * Driveway Parking * Single Garage *
"*** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY ** COMMERCIAL PREMISES, GARAGE,FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT & CASH MACHINE WITH SITTING TENANTS *** Great opportunity to purchase this investment property which comprises a dry cleaners, a first floor apartment and a garage all of which are currently tenanted, as well..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Modern Three Bedroom Detached Family House In Great Location. Double Width Drive, Good Sized Enclosed Rear Garden, Garage. Lounge, Separate Dining Room, Fitted Breakfast Kitchen. Ground Floor WC, En Suite Shower To Master Bedroom."
*** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FAMILY HOME *** 3 BEDROOMS *** READY TO MOVE INTO *** Lounge * Open Plan Family Dining Kitchen * Shower Room * Driveway * Front & Rear Gardens * Not Overlooked *
"*YOU COULD SAVE UP TO £3,100 A YEAR ON YOUR ENERGY BILLS WITH A NEW MORRIS HOME* The Dalton is a STYLISH HOME perfect for a growing family. The Dalton brings MODERN LIVING to the forefront through its contemporary interior, SPACIOUS LAYOUT and high specification. "
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. NO CHAIN DELAY - 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME AT END OF CUL DE SAC . Two Reception Rooms, Fantastic Fitted Breakfast Kitchen. En Suite To Master Bedroom, High Degree Of Privacy To Rear Garden. Presented to High Standard, Great Family Home, Popu"
"Views over green open space, Industry leading specification included as standard, OPEN PLAN kitchen/diner, LARGE FAMILY LOUNGE, TURFED REAR GARDEN, downstairs WC, master bedroom with PRIVATE ENSUITE, family bathroom, DRIVEWAY for 2 cars"
"Click Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this stunning semi detached executive family home set in the heart of the desirable Fulwood area of Preston.The property offers modern living through-out, totally refurbished to a very high standard. It is situated..."
"We are pleased to present this three-bedroom detached property located in Preston, Lancashire. The property consists of – Reception room, Kitchen, Three bedrooms, a Shower room and a Garage. This property offers spacious family accommodation and is situated close to local amenit..."
"The Moresby is a spacious THREE BEDROOM HOME with ample storage options. This home has an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN with FRENCH DOORS to the GARDEN, a spacious LOUNGE and a downstairs cloakroom. Upstairs you'll find two double bedrooms, the main with an EN SUITE, a single bedroom and your FAMILY BATHROOM. "
"**NO CHAIN**
Immaculate three bedroom detached bungalow on a perfect setting at the head of a quiet cul-de-sac. The property is perfectly peaceful to the rear as it back onto Dandy Brook and Bluebell Woods.
The property has been fully modernised to a high standard throughout and the layout altere..."
"Situated in a sought-after location of Broughton, you really couldn’t ask to be better placed than Whittingham Place. Catering for all, this development of homes has been built to the highest standards, offering superb accommodation and outstanding specification throughout. The properties are bui..."
"X1 Sales presents tenanted studio apartment for sale in The Campus - Salford. 24 square metres. Investment Opportunity, Cash Buyers please."
*** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN *** QUIRKY COTTAGE *** 4 BEDROOMS *** 3 Reception Rooms * Fitted Kitchen * Downstairs WC and Utility Room * Family Bathroom * Driveway Parking * Established Gardens * New Fitted Carpets Throughout *
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Three/Four Bedroom Detached Chalet Style House. Great Sized Lounge, Dining Room/Bedroom Four. Central Heating, Double Glazing, Garage, Enclosed Rear Garden. Ever Popular Location, Ideal Family Home."
"*YOU COULD SAVE UP TO £3,100 A YEAR ON YOUR ENERGY BILLS WITH A NEW MORRIS HOME* Stunning DOUBLE FRONTED home offers FULLY FITTED KITCHEN with dining area leading into the GARDEN via FRENCH DOORS. Downstairs cloakroom and UTILITY ROOM. 3 GOOD SIZED bedrooms, with EN SUITE to the master. "
*** NEW BUILD HOME READY TO BE VIEWED *** FREEHOLD *** IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY *** 3 BEDROOMS *** High Specification Home * Modern Build Design * Open Plan Living * Downstairs WC * En-Suite to Bedroom One * Front and Rear Gardens * Single Garage * Idyllic Location on Sought After Residential Estate *
"*£250 CONTRIBUTION PER MONTH TOWARDS YOUR ENERGY BILLS FOR 12 MONTHS ON PLOTS 214 & 215* The Didsbury is the PERFECT starter home. OPEN PLAN FULLY FITTED kitchen with dining room. FRENCH DOORS lead out to the GARDEN. Master bedroom features EN SUITE, as well as family bathroom. A perfect first home."
" A semi detached house set in the semi rural location of Lindle Lane, Hutton. Being well set back within the front garden, with an enclosed rear garden, having a real cottage feel. There are three bedrooms, shower room, uPVC double glazing and a well equipped kitchen. The utility and store room..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Stunning New Build Detached Property in Great Location. Lounge, Spacious Kitchen/Diner, Fabulous Conservatory Ext, WC. Three Double Bedrooms with Fitted Wardrobes, En-Suite. Driveway and Single Garage, Landscaped Garden to Rear."
"The Danby is a three-bedroom home with an integrated garage. The kitchen/diner has French doors into the garden. There's a separate living room, and a useful downstairs WC. Upstairs, the master bedroom looks out over the garden, and the other two, front-facing bedrooms, share a family bathroom."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Semi Detached House With Three Double Bedrooms. Fantastic Family Living Accommodation, Immaculately Presented. Lounge, Fitted Kitchen Opening To Dining Area & Sitting Room. Integral Access To Garage, Four Piece Bathroom, Great Location."
"This home features an OPEN PLAN lounge/dining area with FRENCH DOORS opening out to the back garden, kitchen, WC and garage on the ground floor. Whilst upstairs there's 3 bedrooms with the master bedroom boasting an EN-SUITE and the bathroom. "
"Rare opportunity to purchase a stunning property of genuine character which is an absolute credit to the current owner, situated in the heart of Fulwood well served by a wide range of local amenities including schools, shops, bus routes, Royal Preston Hospital and Leisure Centre. Built..."
"**NO CHAIN**
Large family 1930's traditional semi detached home which offers large and flexible family centric living accommodation. The home offers further potential from converting into a large open family space at the rear, to a utility converted into a living space/ games room or home office...."
"A detached, double fronted and extended bungalow in this sought after area! The sleek kitchen is just a few months old and the garden is generous. With parking & a garage too this bungalow will be popular! NO CHAIN. TAKE A LOOK AT THE WALKTHROUGH VIDEO"
"Superb opportunity to purchase this well appointed semi detached family home. Situated in an extremely sought after location of Fulwood. Convenient for an array of amenities, including within walking distance to numerous schools, Booths, Royal Preston Hospital and main bus routes. On internal ins..."
"This is an amazing opportunity to purchase this spacious three bedroom semi-detached property perfect for a wide range of buyers. Situated in the very heart of Fulwood and close to a wide range of local amenities, schools, hospital and 3 minutes to the M6 making this a ideal location for anyone l..."
"Jones Cameron are proud to bring to the market this attractive and deceptively spacious semi detached property, situated in a popular residential location on a qui"
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Spacious Detached Three Bedroom Property. Lounge, Dining / Kitchen And Conservatory to Rear. Front and Rear Gardens with Driveway and Detached Garage. Situated in Fantastic Location, Close to RPH."
"This exceptional 4 BEDROOM DETACHED home features an large OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN and DINING ROOM with FRENCH DOORS leading onto the rear GARDEN. There is also a downstairs W.C and a handy UTILITY ROOM. The spacious LOUNGE is an ideal place to relax with the family. Upstairs, you will find FOUR DOUBLE..."
This bright and practical home is ideal for modern family living. The LARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with ample DINING SPACE has FRENCH DOORS leading out to the GARDEN. The home also features a SPACIOUS LOUNGE for all of the family to relax in. Upstairs the MAIN BEDROOM has an EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM and t...
" A stunning and spacious extended traditional semi detached house. Being within the most sought after location of Ashton on Ribble. The property offers three great size bedrooms,, the master with an extensive range of fitted bedroom furniture, a contemporary bathroom, a great size lounge as well..."
*** POSITIONED ON A GREAT PLOT *** TRADITIONAL 2 BEDROOM BUNGALOW *** 2 GARAGES & WORKSHOP *** Spacious Lounge * Fitted Breakfast Kitchen * Conservatory * Bathroom * Front & Rear Gardens *
"Dewhurst Homes are delighted to bring to market, this site of the former Kingsway nursery with planning permission for nine detached 3/5 bedroomed contemporary eco homes. The road and services have already been provided, making this ideal to commence building works immediately."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Three Bed Detached House In Sought After Location. Lounge Opening To Dining Room, Fitted Kitchen. Utility Room, Ground Floor WC, Integral Garage, . Fantastic Range Of Local Amenities, Highly Recommended."
" We are delighted to be working with Fairhaven Housing Group in the selling of this amazing retirement village. There are 8 bungalows in total available. Each property has two bedrooms, driveway parking and use of all the fabulous amenities. The main social hub has been refurbished and offers a ..."
"FOUR BEDROOMS, GARAGE, EXTENDED, DRIVEWAY, - Beautifully presented, four bedroom semi-detached property in a highly sought after part of Lostock Hall. This home would be ideal for a family - offering spacious indoor and outdoor living. Benefiting from easy access to Leyland town and Preston (cont.)"
"Detached bungalow with no onward chain set on a lovely sized plot with its own stream and stunning views. The property consists of a good size modern kitchen with ample storage, a large living room with feature fire, three bedrooms and a newly fitted shower room. Externall..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Modern Three Bedroom Semi Detached House In Great Location. Good Sized Enclosed Rear Garden With Patio, Driveway Parking. Lounge Diner With Bi-Fold Doors To Rear Garden, Grd Floor WC. Fitted Kitchen, En Suite To Main Bedroom, Ideal Starter"
"Modern semi-detached house set in a great position on the Holland House Development. Entrance hall, large lounge, modern fitted dining kitchen, ground floor WC, three good size bedrooms, the master bedroom provides a walk-in double wardrobe and a white family bathroom suite. Externally..."
TOP FLOOR period apartment with VIEWS over Winckley Square. 2 BED 2 BATH and over 1000 sq ft of living space. Secure parking and walking distance to all of the amenities including the OPEN SPACES and TRAIN STATION.
Welcomed to the market is this deceptively spacious four bedroom semi-detached bungalow. Situated in New Longton Village and well served by local amenities and bus links this home has HUGE potential both onside and out. This project comes with NO CHAIN DELAY upon purchase. Internally the ...
"Its with great pleasure that we offer for sale this most stunning semi detached dormer bungalow. Having been fully refurbished and remodelled to an exceptional standard, now offering high specification fixtures and fitments throughout."
"A simply stunning three bedroom semi detached family home maintained to the highest standards throughout meaning the next lucky owner can move their stuff in, sit back and relax..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Two Bedroom Semi Detached Chalet Style Bungalow. Maintained & Presented To A High Standard, Great Location. Modern Fitted Breakfast Kitchen & Four Piece Bathroom Suite. Gas Central Heating, Double Glazing, Good Sized Garden Area."
"Very well presented semi-detached property located in this sought after part of Penwortham Ideally placed for access to All Hallows R.C. High School as well as the amenities and transport links the accommodation comprises: entrance hall, lounge, fitted kitchen open plan to a dining area, conserva..."
The stylish Ashgate II home features a separate lounge with French doors opening out to the garden and an open plan kitchen dining area. Whilst upstairs the master bedroom boasts an en-suite
"Check out this detached true bungalow with no chain! The property is in a great location and is close to amenities including Sainsburys Local, Motorway connections and public transport links. Internally the property benefits from an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen with a good range of wall and bas..."
"Extended three/four bedroom semi detached family home boasting newly fitted kitchen, luxury downstairs shower room and extensive open aspect rear gardens. Situated within a quiet sought after cul-de-sac location in Lea offering excellent access to local amenities, schools and transport links. T..."
"Tenure Freehold, EPC Grade E and council tax band D. NO CHAIN DELAY - This superb family home is one that is extremely spacious, on a good sized plot and not overlooked to the rear. Situated in the popular location of Walton le Dale with easy access to amenities, schools and transport links..."
Beautifully presented semi-detached positioned within a cul-de-sac close to the village amenities of New Longton and the reputable primary school.  
Spacious family home. This property is close to local amenities and popular Schools. This detached home is within walking distance to the City Centre and Ashton and Haslam Park. Internally the property offers spacious living accommodation including an entrance hall with an under stairs storage cu...
** Modern 3 Bed Detached House**Garden to the Front and Rear**Modern Kitchen & Bathroom**Driveway**Garage**Ensuite Bathroom**Downstairs WC**Popular Location**Corner Plot**Call today to avoid disappointment**
"Semi-detached true bungalow offering flexible living accommodations with the choice of having two or three bedrooms. The bungalow comprises entrance hall with storage cupboard, lounge with double doors leading into the third bedroom or second reception room, fitted kitchen with room for appliance..."
"*** FABULOUS INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** TENURE FREEHOLD *** 750-825 SQ METERS *** Close to Motorway Links, Schools, and Amenities * Outline Planning for a Detached Dwelling with Detached Garage *"
This is a cracker of an opportunity! Anyone looking for large drive and wanting to put their own stamp on a property this is the one for you. Situated in a hugely popular area for families this is nestled in a very quiet cul de sac making it a super safe place for children to play. Close to a wid...
"PERFECT 3 bedroom starter home. Easy access to the motorway via NEW ROAD. Off-street parking, kitchen diner, downstairs WC and well presented throughout."
"***REDUCED BY £10,000*** This 3/4 bedroom extended semi-detached house is set on a corner plot in the highly sought after area of Hoghton. The property consists of a bright and spacious lounge with feature fireplace housing a gas fire and double doors that lead through into ..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Three Bedroom Semi Detached Home on Substantial Plot.. Two Reception Rooms, Kitchen, Bathroom & Separate Toilet.. Generously Sized Rear Well Established Garden, Off Street Parking. Outbuilding Storage, Good Peaceful Location in New Longto"
"This is a spacious three bedroom semi detached property both inside and out with a wonderful private back garden. The property may be of interest to families, couples or individuals seeking vacant possession on completion or to landlords/investors looking for a successful rental property. Located..."
"Are you seeking the perfect 'Work From Home premises? Located on a wonderful corner plot in Lostock Hall. This unique property could be utilised in many ways, and being located in a heavily residential area offers further potential"
This extended three bedroom semi detached home is the perfect family home. The property is nestled in the corner of the quiet Cul-De-Sac of Athelstan Fold set on a generous plot. The property is well presented throughout and is benefiting from large double glazed windows throughout th...
"Looking for a superb investment opportunity with excellent guaranteed rental returns?If so, this could be for you. Tag Croft is situated at a prominent position in Ingol, Preston. A whole host of local amenities including supermarkets, dental and medical surgeries, petrol station..."
"Bradley Taylor Properties are thrilled to offer this 3 bedroom semi-detached bungalow for sale. This is a great opportunity to purchase a spacious bungalow, with 2 bedrooms and a Shower Room on the ground floor and a guest bedroom and Shower Room on the 1st floor."
*** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN *** 2/3 BEDROOMS *** 2/3 RECEPTION ROOMS *** Detached Home in Need of Modernization * Fitted Kitchen * Conservatory * Bathroom with Separate WC * Detached Garage * Driveway * Front & Rear Gardens * 
"Former Doctors Surgery which has been converted to Residential, Occupied on Terms Unknown, Ground Floor - Two Reception Rooms, Kitchen, Bathroom, First Floor - Four Bedrooms (One with ensuite), Bathroom, Total GIA approximately 167.13 sq m (1,799 sq ft), Preston Rail Station is situated 2.6 miles..."
Well maintained detached true bungalow. This property is perfect for anyone who is looking to downsize. This lovely home is situated on a cul de sac and offers gardens to the front and a low maintenance garden to the rear. There is a driveway providing off road parking and a detached garage. Inte...
" An extremely well presented semi detached true bungalow, set in the most sought after location of Penwortham, and offers two bedrooms, although our client has utilised this as a dining room, a lovely conservatory overlooking an amazing sunny and private rear garden. There is a modern three piec..."
"Semi-detached true bungalow positioned within this peaceful and sought after cul-de-sac. The well presented accommodation comprises: entrance porch, hallway, lounge which is open plan into a fitted kitchen, two bedrooms and a white three piece bathroom suite. Outside large carport, attached ga..."
"Period conversion in CENTRAL location just off Fishergate. 2 BEDROOM 2 BATHROOM and 756 sq ft. Within walking distance of the TRAIN STATION, parks bars and restaurants. Ideal for FTB and INVESTORS alike."
"Ben Rose Estate Agents are pleased to present to market this highly sought after three bedroom, semi detached property in the village of Walton-Le-Dale. This would make an ideal home for a first time buyer looking to get onto the property ladder. The property is ideally placed only a short drive ..."
"Three Bedroom Semi Detached Home in Ever Popular Location . Two Reception Rooms and Fitted Kitchen. Bathroom, Gardens to Front & Rear, Garage. Close to Local Amenities . Call now for more information ."
"The Baird at The Paddocks is the perfect choice for a stunning family starter home. This 3 BEDROOM property offers contemporary living with a timeless quality, featuring an open-plan KITCHEN/DINER with a choice of finishes and 3 good sized bedrooms. *FIRST TIME BUYER PACKAGE INCLUDED ON PLOT 347*"
The two-bedroom Clifford is a spacious family home. Off the entryway is a handy storage cupboard and a spacious lounge perfect for entertaining. Off the lounge is an open plan contemporary Signature kitchen/dining with integrated appliances.
What an opportunity! Here we have a spacious semi-detached house set in a great location. Tucked back from the main road with great size front and rear gardens and plenty of off-street parking. This house offers a huge amount of potential.
"Well presented three double bedroom detached family home located in a popular area of Ashton.
Situated on a good size lot with a family sized rear garden and space at the side for off road parking for several vehicles and space for and concrete base for a detached garage.
The property is spacious..."
"Truly unmissable opportunity to purchase this lovely Victorian semi detached family home, set in the popular residential location of Fulwood; conveniently located for an array of amenities such as; schools, shops, Preston City Centre, Royal Preston Hospital and superb transport links. Benefiting ..."
"***NO CHAIN*** Semi detached house with a large rear garden giving good potential to extend, entrance hall, lounge, large open plan dining kitchen, three good sized bedrooms, family bathroom, detached brick built garage and driveway , front garden is laid to lawn, approximately 50 foot long rear ..."
" A semi detached house set in the heart of Higher Penwortham, although in need of some TLC this lovely home has three bedrooms, front lounge and open plan dining room to the kitchen. There is gas central heating and gardens to the front and rear. A great price to get a property in this most soug..."
"Situated in the ever popular area of Walton-le-Dale this property is deceptively spacious and has a great size rear garden offering further potential. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, lounge, generous kitchen, WC, utility/study room, three bedrooms and family bathroom. There is ..."
"Modern three bedroom detached family home boasting modern kitchen, recently fitted shower room and private enclosed rear gardens. Situated within a popular and quiet cul-de-sac location in Lea offering excellent access to local amenities, schools and transport links. The..."
"Delightful three bedroom semi-detached home in popular Cottam location with driveway and detached garage. The well proportioned accommodation on the ground floor comprises of front door opening into the welcoming entrance hall with downstairs wc, and lounge with electric fire. This leads onto a s..."
"There is always great demand for the traditional three bed semi detached properties in this area and this lovely home is no exception. The ground floor accommodation is comprised of a welcoming entrance hall, lounge with large box bay window allowing ample light to enter, a separate dining room ..."
"This great family home is situated on a quiet road in the popular Hoghton area. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, open plan lounge to dining area, stylish kitchen, three bedrooms and stunning bathroom to first floor. To the front is a pretty garden with off road parking, detache..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Two Bedroom Semi Detached True Bungalow. Modern Fitted Kitchen & Bathroom, Central Heating, Double Glazed. Generously Sized Rear Garden Area. Popular Location, Viewing Comes Highly Recommended.."
""" Welcome home "" to an amazing three-floor end Terraced Property, situated in a beautiful and quiet village and it's the one that you will fall in love with. An outstanding home which has a very warm and cosy atmosphere as soon as you step in, it provides a spacious Lounge & good size bedrooms, g..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Traditional Three Bedroom Semi Detached House. Corner Plot, Garage, Two Driveways, Well Tended Gardens. Three Bedrooms, Lounge, Good Sized Dining/Sitting Room. Central Heating, Double Glazing, Great Location."
ENERGY AFFICIENT/ MODERN/ALLOCATED PARKING - We are delighted to bring to the market this energy efficient ( SOLAR PANELS) home which will be a great choice for a stunning family starter home. Set in the highly desirable area of Higher Walton this beautifully presented property briefly comp (cont.)
" Looking for a project on a large plot on a premier street in Fulwood? This is a great fit for someone looking for an affordable first home that is also a sound investment. This 2-bedroom bungalow has a large living space, with plenty of natural light, high ceilings and ..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Three Bedroom Semi Detached Home in Foot of Cul De Sac. Spacious Lounge, Dining Kitchen & Conservatory. Fitted Bathroom, Gardens to Front & Rear. No Chain Delay, Call Now to View ."
This three bedroom semi-detached property is situated in the perfect location for anyone looking to be close to the hospital. It will be suitable to a wide range of buyers so get a viewing booked before the full details are available. Call to be one of the first to view.
"This large and family sized 3 bedroom semi detached house is situated in the much sought after Fulwood area close to shops, schools, parkland and local amenities. The home is a credit to the present owners offering ready to move into living accommodation with two separate reception rooms, a larg..."
*** FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME *** 3 BEDROOMS *** EXTENDED LIVING SPACE *** Dual Aspect Lounge * Conservatory * Modern Kitchen and Family Bathroom * Driveway * Enclosed Rear Garden *
"Detached true bungalow in a great location offering entrance hall, good size lounge, modern fitted kitchen, rear porch, two bedrooms and family bathroom. Outside is a garden to the front and good size driveway leading to detached garage. To the rear is a lovely private garden. NO CHAIN viewing hi..."
"Hillside Avenue has the perfect blend of a quiet street location, yet a short walk from all of the amenities available within Fulwood, with its fantastic array of local amenities on offer. There are also desirable schools within walking distance of the property and useful motorway links nearby."
****** PRICED FOR A SPEEDY SALE ****** In need of full renovation and occupying a sizable corner plot you will find this semi-detached TRUE BUNGALOW residing in one of Penwortham's most desirable locations.
"*PRICE IS DISCOUNTED BY 20% FROM OPEN MARKET* **5% DEPOSIT PAID** Cleverly designed 3-bedroom home which offers spacious, open plan living perfect for those looking for their first home or those ready to downsize. Located in the heart of Cottam nearby to local amenities and transport links."
"Superbly presented and well worth viewing this traditional three bedroom semi detached house represents an ideal opportunity for the discerning purchaser. The internal accommodation offers a lounge with a feature fireplace, fitted kitchen, little utility room, spacious conservatory, three b (cont.)"
"Hazelwells offer for sale this well presented 3 bedroom home situated in the popular village of Higher Walton. The accommodation briefly comprises; hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, wc, master bedroom with en suite shower room, two further bedrooms and a family bathroom. Enclosed rear garden"
*** GREAT SIZED FAMILY HOME *** MODERN KITCHEN *** DUAL ASPECT LOUNGE *** 3 Bedrooms * Family Bathroom * Enclosed Rear Garden with Brick Built Store * Driveway and Carport * Well Maintained Throughout *
"This superb family home has been improved throughout to create a stylish property in a great area. Sold with the benefit of no onward chain the accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, lounge open to dining, stylish kitchen, downstairs bathroom and three good size bedrooms to the first floo..."
"A lovely example of what we believe could be the ideal first time buy or young family home, allowing any buyer to move in but put their own stamp onto this home. The property enjoys light airy rooms throughout and a superb plot."
"Semi-detached true bungalow in a quiet cul-de-sac location. This property has an entrance hall leading to a large lounge with a bay window to the front. The kitchen has a range of wall and base units with space for appliances. The two double bedrooms are to the rear of the property, one with pati..."
"Three bedroom well-presented semi-detached house situated on Marlborough Drive, close to local shops and within walking distance to the Capital Centre. This property is beautifully presented and offers driveway parking and private rear garden with large storage shed. The pro..."
What a wonderful opportunity to purchase this quasi semi-detached property! Suitable for a wide range of buyers but perfect for young families and anyone looking for that little bit of extra space. The property is situated in a popular area of Fulwood close to the High School and a wide arrange o...
"Ben Rose Estate Agents are pleased to present to market this beautifully presented, three bedroom, end terrace property on a quiet cul-de-sac in Bamber Bridge. This would be an ideal home for a first time buyer looking to get their foot onto the property ladder. It is situated in the continually ..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Modern Three Bedroom Semi Detached House. Cul De Sac Location, Driveway Parking, Good Sized Rear Garden. Ground Floor WC, Fitted Kitchen Diner With French Doors To Rear. Gas Central Heating, Double Glazing, Great Starter Home."
"Fantastic location! A spacious 2 bedroom flat, tucked away on a quiet road and only a 2 minute walk from Liverpool Road and Priory Lane. This comes with a spacious rear garden, shed and a detached garage."
***THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE - IDEAL LOCATION IN THE LEA AREA OF PRESTON - FABULOUS CONDITION THROUGHOUT -EXTREMELY GENEROUS PLOT SIZE - LARGE REAR GARDEN WITH DOUBLE DRIVEWAY TO FRONT - SINGLE DETACHED GARAGE- TWO MINUTES WALK FROM THE GUILD WHEEL AND RIBBLE LINK - VIEWING IS ESSENTIAL***
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Two Bedroom Link Detached Starter Home or Buy to Let Opportunity. Quiet Cul De Sac Location on the Outskirts Of Preston City. Well Located for Motorway Transport Links, Drive & Garage. Lounge, Bathroom, Kitchen Diner, Gardens to Front &"
"Well presented two double bedroom semi detached home located in sought after Fulwood location,
The property would ideally suit a first time buyer or small family having spacious living accommodation, two double bedrooms, garage and rear garden. As well as being close to parks, well regarded Prima..."
"The property has two large 2 reception rooms on the ground floor with the dining room opening onto the kitchen. From here there is access to the private rear garden which is laid mainly to lawn with a patio area. To the first floor there are 3 bedrooms, two double and a single, and the fam..."
***ATTENTION BUYERS***MODERN TWO BEDROOM TERRACE HOUSE***STYLISH MODERN KITCHEN***PART FURNISHED***CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES***REAR YARD***
"**INVESTMANT OPPORTUNITY**CHAIN FREE** A modern one/two bedroom apartment available in Trafalgar Wharf in the sought after location of Preston Docklands. The property briefly comprises a large lounge/diner, modern fitted kitchen with appliances, good sized double bedroom, converted second room i..."
"Modern and spacious two bedroom second floor apartment with south facing balcony and offers no chain delay. Situated on this sought after development on Preston Marina offering excellent access to local amenities, Preston city centre and transport links. The newly decorated accommodation brief..."
"*** Guide price of £130,000 to £140,000 *** We are delighted to present to the market this fantastic two bedroom ground floor apartment. Sharoe Bay Court is positioned just off Sharoe Green Lane, offers excellent accessibilities to amenities such as Booths, Asda, Royal Preston Hosp..."
### INVESTMENT PROPERTY ### Pure Investor brings to the market this 4-bedroom end terrace property with tenants in situ. 
"Attractive Three Bedroom Family House in Popular Location. Spacious Open Plan Living / Kitchen Area. Fitted Three Piece Bathroom, Double Glazing and Central Heating. Situated Close to Local Amenities. Ideal Investment property ."
OFFERED TO THE MARKET WITH NO CHAIN DELAY!!
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Self Contained Ground Floor Apartment In Great Location. Well Placed For Penwortham Centre and Amenities. Double Bedroom, Fitted Breakfast Kitchen, Lounge Diner, Parking. Three Piece Shower Room, Communal Garden."
**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Two Bedroom Ground Floor apartment. Gas CH & DG Fitted Kitchen and Bathroom. Great BTL opportunity or for a FTB. No onward chain a must see.
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Three Bedroom End Terraced House In Ever Popular Location. Ground Floor WC, Modern Fitted Kitchen & Three Piece Bathroom. Gas Central Heating, Double Glazing, Great Starter Home. Well Placed For Local Amenities, Highly Recommended."
"Sapphire Homes are delighted to be able to offer For Sale this well presented two bedroom bay fronted mid terraced property in popular residential situated close to local schools, amenities, transport links and a short commute to the city centre. The accommodation briefly comprising of entrance /..."
*** GREAT FIRST TIME HOME *** DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS *** 3 BEDROOMS *** Dining Room * Lounge * Fitted Kitchen * Off Road Parking * Enclosed Rear Garden *
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Modern Mid Terraced House With Two Double Bedrooms. Designated Parking, Rear Garden, Gas Central Heating. Double Glazed, Fitted Kitchen Diner, Ground Floor WC. Excellent Starter Home Within Cul De Sac Location."
A THREE BEDROOM HOME WHICH IS IDEAL AS A BUY TO LET OR A FIRST TIME BUY - SPACIOUS LOUNGE - DINING ROOM OPENING INTO A MODERN KITCHEN - THREE GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS - THREE PIECE BATHROOM SUITE - ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN - CAN BE SOLD WITH OR WITHOUT TENANT - OVER 6% YIELD - VIEWINGS RECOMMENDED
***CHAIN FREE! - IDEAL FIRST TIME BUYER OR INVESTMENT PROPERTY - TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM END TERRACED HOUSE - POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION WITH LOCAL AMENITIES & SCHOOLS CLOSE BY - SPACIOUS LOUNGE - MODERN KITCHEN AND BATHROOM - BEAUTIFULLY MAINTAINED FRONT AND REAR GARDENS - GREAT TRANSPORT LINKS***
This is a simply beautiful two bedroom ground floor apartment situated in the sought after Holly Bank Development on Boys Lane in Fulwood. Convenient for local amenities and royal Preston hospital. ***** Please note there is a garage with this property***** The developmen...
*** SOLD WITH LONG TERM TENANT IN SITU (18 years) *** Located in the ever popular village of Hoghton lies this spacious mid terrace property. The ground floor offers flexible accommodation having a lounge and a open plan kitchen / dining room. The first floor is where you will find three bedrooms...
"This pretty two bedroomed mid terraced property has an enviable location overlooking the river. Tucked away on a quiet street but offering easy motorway access. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance porch, lounge, kitchen, rear sun porch, two double bedrooms and modern bathroom. Open aspec..."
"Two Bedroom First Floor Apartment . Lounge & Fitted Kitchen. Bathroom Suite, Allocated Parking. Close to Local Amenities. Can Be Sold With Tenant In Situ."
"Three Bedroom Family Home in Great Location . Spacious Lounge and Dining Kitchen. Gardens to Front and Rear. Situated close to local amenities, shops and transport links . Call now for more information ."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Fabulous Modern Duplex Apartment. Open Plan Lounge and Dining Kitchen. Versatile Layout with Potential for Two Bedrooms . Village Location, Call for More info ."
NEW RELEASE! | The Denholme - 3 bedroom detached house with integral garage | Bright lounge with bay feature | Spacious kitchen/dining area with high spec appliances | Bi-fold doors to rear garden | Downstairs WC | Master bedroom with rainfall-shower en suite | 2 further bedrooms
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR** . Two Bedroom Bay Fronted Terraced Home, Popular Location. Spacious Lounge & Dining Kitchen. Fitted Bathroom, Garden, Close to Amenities. Perfect First time Buy!."
*** FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** CURRENTLY TENANTED £600.00pcm *** VERY WELL MAINTAINED *** Top Floor Apartment * 2 Bedrooms * Spacious Lounge * Fitted Kitchen * Bathroom & Ensuite * Communal Gardens and Allocated Parking *
"This fantastic development is a hidden gem within Cottam. The well presented interior is both well laid out and spacious, with two great size bedrooms and large windows, the accommodation is light and airy throughout. Spacious is definitely the word that springs to mind with this second floor apa..."
**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Attractive Two Bedroom Apartment in a Great Location. Well Presented to a High Standard. Communal Gardens and Allocated Parking. No Onward Chain. A Must See a Great BTL Yield.
"A well-presented first floor flat situated on the popular, over 55's retirement development at Hollybank, off Boys Lane. This lovely accommodation bri"
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a top floor 2 bed apartment in a beautiful, peaceful position on the sought after Holland House area. The property boasts spacious open plan living, master en suite 2 parking spaces and is sold with NO UPWARD CHAIN.
Suitable for a wide range of buyers."
"This fantastic small development is a proper hidden gem; the great location with superb transport links. The immaculate interior is both well laid out and spacious, with two great size bedrooms and large windows, the accommodation is light and airy throughout."
" A great development of over 55's this semi detached true bungalow is offered for sale with 80% ownership. There are two double bedrooms, a spacious lounge with room to dine, a well equipped kitchen, three piece shower room. The master bedroom has a great range of fitted bedroom furniture and th..."
"The Melton II is a cleverly designed five-bedroom detached villa oozes kerb appeal, with its wide frontage and large bay window."
Charming end cottage located in this picturesque river side location. Ideal as a first time buy this characterful home is tucked away at the end of a cul-de-sac  within easy reach to the city centre and local amenities. The living accommodation is arranged over ground and first floor brie...
" An upper floor purpose built apartment in the most sought after location of Holland House Farm. A tasteful and select development of properties with this crescent styled apartment being accessed with an in-out driveway with lots of parking. There are two good bedrooms, spacious open plan lounge..."
"We are delighted to offer For Sale this two bedroom luxury apartment, situated in the highly popular Room Apartments in the City Centre. The apartment boasts a fantastic open-plan kitchen/living room, two double bedrooms one with en-suite shower room, main bathroom and utility room. Fully double ..."
ATTENTION FIRST TIME BUYERS AND INVESTORS! Do not miss out on th
"Great FIRST-TIME invest - Let @ £700pcm/12mths! Generously sized as new 2 Bedroom/2 Bathroom 1st Floor Apartment, located in a quiet residential area in (South) Preston with excellent motorway access. Ideally located close to all local amenities including shops, supermarkets, M6/6..."
"Spacious three bedroom garden fronted terraced home boasting a super sized dining kitchen and extensive rear garden. No chain delay and viewing highly recommended. Situated within this popular location in Ashton offering excellent access to local amenities, schools, Ashton Park and transport li..."
*** WELL PRESENTED GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT *** 2 BEDROOMS *** SPACIOUS LOUNGE *** Fitted Kitchen * Three Piece Bathroom * Allocated Parking * Communal Gardens * Popular Location * No Onward Chain *
"Quote Ref: JS0070. Located directly in the city centre of Preston with views over the historic Winckley Square, which underwent a £1.2 million renovation in 2016, Winckley House is the perfect solution for young professional tenants working in the city, with all local amenities right on ..."
"FOR SALE BY MEANS OF ONLINE AUCTION. However you do not need to be an investor to buy! Ready to Renovate! This impressive 3 bed semi detached house really is an opportunity to create the beautiful forever house you have dreamed of. It has a generous plot with gated driveway, garage & garden. ONL..."
"This well situated and spacious two double bedroom end garden terrace house is close to parkland, shops, schools and bus routes. The home is double glazed and warmed by central heating with two reception rooms and a sun lounge. Some cosmetic updating required hence the realistic asking price. ..."
"SOLD STC Hazelwells are pleased to offer for sale this immaculately presented and spacious ground floor apartment fronting onto Winckley Square. The property would make an ideal buy to let for long or short term lets, it is offered furnished and comes with an allocated car park space. NO CHAIN"
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Two Bedroom End Terraced House In Village Location. Situated Off Main Road Adjacent To Semi Rural Aspect. Through Lounge Diner, Gas Central Heating & Double Glazing. Great Starter Home Well Placed For Village Amenities."
"A first-time buyer's or investors dream! Located in the increasingly popular area of Preston, this well presented terraced property offers a ready to move into finish, with tasteful fittings, attractive décor and well-proportioned rooms sitting central to all that's on offer. With Preston City Ce..."
"This first floor flat has been refurbished and is ready for its new owners to move in. The property is modern and neutral throughout and offers great living accommodation. Internally there is an communal entrance with secured intercom system, stairs leading to the first floor. There i..."
"Cash Buyers Only - Attention Investors. This property is an ideal buy to let investment as the property is sold with tenants in situ. The property currently achieves a rental income of £600pcm. This cracking semi-detached house benefits from three good sized bedrooms, low maintenance lawned..."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Two Bedroom End Terraced House On Great Sized Corner Plot. Gardens To Three Elevations, Modern Fitted Shower Room. Gas Central Heating, Lounge, Kitchen Diner & Study. Suitable Starter Home In Established & Convenient Location."
"Stylish One Bedroom Apartment in Popular Location. Spacious Lounge with Dining Area, Fitted Kitchen. Three Piece Bathroom Suite, Balcony with Dockland Views. Ideal First Time Buy or Buy To Let Investment. Call us Now to Book Your Viewing ."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Modern Property Available on a 50% Shared Ownership Scheme. Enclosed Rear Garden, Two Off Road Parking Spaces. Three Bedrooms, En Suite to Master, Utility Room. Fitted Dining Kitchen, Good Sized Lounge, Excellent Starter Home."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Fantastic Three Bedroom Semi Detached Home. Spacious Lounge & Kitchen to the Ground Floor with GFWC. Fitted Bathroom, Low Maintenance Rear Garden. Close to Local Amenities."
"Spacious Two Bedroom Top Floor Modern Apartment, NO CHAIN DELAY. Ideal Location For Commuting, Good Size Rooms. Two Good Size Bedrooms, Great Size Open Plan Living Area. Allocated Parking, Communal Gardens. NO CHAIN DELAY, Call Farrell Heyworth To Book Your Viewing."
"Two Bedroom Mid Terraced Home in Popular Location . Lounge and Dining Kitchen. Fitted Bathroom Suite, Rear Yard. Close to Local Amenities. Currently Let and can be Sold with Tenant in Situ."
**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE** . Well Presented Terrace Property in Good Location. Modern Lounge Area & Modern Kitchen. Two Bedrooms With Storage & Fitted Bathroom. Call now for more information .
"We are proud to bring to the market this beautifully presented property on Raikes Road, Preston. Ideal for a first time buyer who wants to move straight in. Priced so competitively, this "
"Jones Cameron are pleased to offer for sale this lovely two-bedroom mid terrace, situated on Dallas Street. This property comprises of a good size recep"
TO BE SOLD AT ONLINE AUCTION ON 23RD MARCH 2023. VIA AUCTION HOUSE NORTH WEST . Two Bedroom Apartment in Docklands Location. SPACIOUS LOUNGE AND DINING AREA. FITTED KITCHEN AND BATHROOM .
**VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE. CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR ABOVE**. Two Bedroom Ground Floor Apartment. Fitted Kitchen And Bathroom. Situated In A Fantastic Location Close To All Local Amenities. **NO CHAIN** .
"** OVER 50'S FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT ** NO CHAIN ** LOVELY VIEWS OVER THE COMMUNAL GARDENS **Superb opportunity to purchase this well appointed first floor apartment, situated in Sharoe Bay Court in the heart of Fulwood; with excellent accessibility's to amenities such as Booths, Asda, Royal Presto..."
"**NO CHAIN**
Deceptively spacious two double bedroom mid terrace home located in popular Lane Ends area of Ashton. The home has more than initially meets the eye with spacious reception room and large kitchen/dining room with additional utility room. The additional utility room has potential to..."
"This spacious 3 bedroom mid terrace house is situated in a very convenient location close to shops, schools, supermarket and bus routes. The home is currently tenanted and would provide an ideal BTL investment or as a family home. The property is warmed by gas central heating and double glazing..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a spacious two-bedroom Ground Floor Flat situated within a small development in Penwortham.
"For sale by Modern Method of Auction; Starting Bid Price £110,000 plus Reservation Fee. The buyer signs a Reservation Agreement and makes payment of a Non-Refundable Reservation Fee of 4.2% of the purchase price inc VAT, subject to a minimum of £6,000 inc VAT. This Fee is ..."
"**NO CHAIN**
Newly renovated two double bedroom apartment with open plan living. The property has undergone a renovation throughout including; new kitchen, bathroom and en-suite, new flooring and decoration throughout.
Centenary Mill in positioned just off New Hall Lane, offering open plan moder..."
This is a simply beautiful two bedroomed first floor apartment situated in the sought after Holly Bank Development on Boys Lane in Fulwood. Convenient for local amenities and royal Preston hospital. The development welcomes over 55's and this is a 70% shared ownership property. 
"A great opportunity to own an investment property or an ideal first time starter home in the very popular area of Fulwood on the historic Watling Street Road. This TWO bedroom FIRST floor apartment is located close to local amenities, super markets, motorways, hospital, public parks. As an invest..."
*** OVER 50'S DEVELOPMENT *** 2 BEDROOM PARK HOME *** WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT *** Fitted Kitchen * Lounge * Shower Room * Raised Decking Area to Side * Off Road Parking *
This is got to one of the most delightful apartments on the open market in Penwortham. Being a real credit to the current vendor who has spent many years transforming this first floor apartment from a house to a cosy and welcoming home.
"Well presented 2 bedroom, ground floor maisonette located in Fulwood, Preston. *No upper chain* Consisting of: Open plan kitchen / living room Spacious master bedroom Second well-proportioned bedroom Bathroom with three piece suite Additio..."
"Auxesia Homes are pleased to be offering 10x properties for shared ownership purchase at the D'urton Rise development Preston, in collaboration with Ascott Homes. These homes are due to be ready to move in Feburary 2023 subject to change. "
"A great opportunity to own an investment property or an ideal first time starter home in a very popular area of Fulwood on the historic Watling Street Road. This one bedroom 2nd floor apartment is located close to local amenities, super markets, motorways, hospital, public parks."
"*** AMAZING £10,000 REDUCTION*** VIEW VIEW VIEW *** Mid terrace property comprising lounge, kitchen with door leading out onto the communal yard. The first floor boasts a large master bedroom with built in wardrobes, a single bedroom and a three piece bathroom. The l..."
"A great opportunity to own an investment property or an ideal first time starter home in a very popular area of Fulwood on the historic Watling Street Road. This one bedroom GROUND floor apartment is located close to local amenities, super markets, motorways, hospital, public parks."
Two bedroom First Floor Apartment situated in this beautiful period property in stunning communal gardens and parking. The property has many charming period features and is in need of being fully restored and refurbished
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this top floor two bedroom apartment. Situated in a popular part of Fulwood this would make a great first time buy or an addition to a investors portfolio. The accommodation comprises, light and spacious living room, kitchen, modern family bathroom, hallway with ..."
"We are pleased to offer to the auction this one bedroom apartment, located in West Cliff, Preston. The accommodation briefly comprises of: An open plan kitchen/ living area, one bedroom, bathroom . The property benefits from an intercom system and secure parking. Early viewings a must."
"Modern one bedroom first floor apartment boasting excellent city centre location off Winckley Square offering excellent access to Avenham Park, train station, local amenities, restaurants and wine bars. Excellent first time buy or investment opportunity. The accommodation briefly comprises; hal..."
"**SOLD STC**SIMILAR PROPERTIES REQUIRED** Hazelwells are pleased to offer for sale this extended mid terrace property located in the City Centre minutes walk from all amenities, bus and train station. The property requires modernisation and the accommodation briefly comprises; vestibule, lounge,"
"Ben Rose Estate Agents are pleased to present to market the opportunity to acquire this NO CHAIN three bed, end terrace on a popular street in Bamber Bridge. ***CASH BUYERS ONLY***This would make the perfect home for a first time buyer looking to get their foot onto the property ladder. The prop..."
"FOR SALE BY AUCTION: Starting Bids £99,950. Terms and conditions apply. Crown Estates and Letting Agents are pleased to offer to the market this potentially high yield one bedroom apartment, located at West Cliff, Preston  "
