Summary
This modern detached bungalow offers well proportioned accommodation which has recently been redecorated throughout and is offered to the market without the complication of an onward sales chain. The accommodation is approached through an entrance porch to a spacious 'L' shaped entrance hall from...
"A substantial Grade I Listed five storey terrace townhouse with a lovely garden and four bedroom mews house with garaging and off street parking. Main house approx. 6,781sqft. Mews House 1,271sqft. Total 8,364sqft."
"A pre-eminent example of classical Georgian architecture in Bath. With one of the most illustrious addresses in the city, on the corner of The Circus and Brock Street, the splendour of the building is unmistakable as you approach this historic Grade 1 listed property."
"Spectacular third floor apartment offering flexible living over two floors. Reception entrance, bespoke hand finished kitchen, living room with south facing aspect, 2 bedrooms with en-suite facilites and additional living space to the fourth floor. Added benefit of a lift to access each upper floor."
"Sion Hill Place is an absolute hidden gem of pure Georgian elegance named as one of the top 6 residential streets in the UK by The Times in 2019. Apartment 5 is a stunning 3 bedrooms, 3 bathroom upper maisonette. The apartment benefits from stunning views to both the front and rear."
An attractive 3-4 bedroom Grade II* Listed Georgian townhouse in the heart of Bath. 
A handsome family house set in the most extraordinary position with approximately 0.76 acres of gardens enjoying far-reaching views across the City
"A rare opportunity to acquire a magnificent ground and first floor Grade I listed 3 bedroom garden maisonette, retaining a wealth of period features, along with a spacious one bedroom courtyard apartment and a private parking space, in need of some cosmetic updating and located in Bath’s..."
A beautifully presented smart and stylish extended six bedroom contemporary house.
"Freehold. Attractive former care home. 20 bedrooms over four floors. Substantial detached Edwardian property. c.0.58 acres, beautiful views to the south. Suitable for a variety of care categories"
"A unique opportunity to purchase a brand new, contemporary 4/5 bedroom, eco-build family home of over 3400 sq.ft. set in a level south-facing garden and just one mile from Bath city centre"
"A substantial detached family home providing in excess of 3,300 sq ft in this highly desirable residential location."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this six bedroom detached family home offering over 3,000 Sq.Ft of accommodation. Set in a little known peaceful and secluded location on a 0.3 acre southerly aspect plot. Immaculately presented throughout and sold with no onward chain. "
"The Northside houses on Bridgetower Drive is a 2,718 sq. ft 5 bed house with Georgian proportions including open plan living accommodation in addition to drawing room with exceptional views."
"Four, spectacular, traditionally styled, terraced houses with a contemporary twist. Intricately designed these properties are awe-inspiring on every level. Following Georgian style architecture and traditional Bath stone frontage these four houses are flawlessly presented."
"Two plots remain in this superb modern gated development of four townhouses situated in this highly desirable area of Bath. With beautiful fittings and a careful consideration to design, these homes offer fine views over countryside with all the added benefits of modern living including parking."
A substantial and elegant four bedroom Victorian villa at the heart of Bathampton Lane with excellent gardens to side and rear. Gated entrance to parking area. Spread over three floor with lots of period character. Far reaching views.
"A substantial Victorian terraced house set over five floors. Currently laid out as a courtyard apartment on the lower ground floor, an apartment on the ground floor and a three storey maisonette with an extensive garden to the first, second and third floors."
"An extremely handsome extended five bedroom detached family home with enviable rural views. Set just to the east of Bath city center, the property boasts immaculately presented accommodation over two floors, along with extensive gardens, garaging and gated parking."
A beautifully proportioned three bedroom Grade II listed house in need of some updating with the benefit of a garage.
The upper floors of 30-31 Stall Street provides a unique investment opportunity to acquire four newly refurbished apartments located in Bath City Centre.
"A beautiful Grade II listed townhouse providing over 2,800 sq. ft. of accommodation with fine westerly views and a charming garden"
"This wonderful and unique period property is tucked-away in beautiful Beechen Cliff with large, level gardens and garage. A downhill stroll to the city of Bath."
"A charming, detached, five bedroom home with countryside views. The House Formerly two cottages, this charming detached, semi-rural property has been further extended to create a substantial family home. Inside, engineered wooden floorboards flow from one end of the house to the other. Doors on..."
"A hidden gem of Regency elegance, voted one of the top 6 places to reside in the UK by The Times in 2019. High ceilings, ornate fire places, this apartment retains a number of original features and finished to a high quality spec. Versatile living space. Added benefit of a lift in the buil..."
A handsome period townhouse in the most attractive hidden terrace in Widcombe. This no-through lane is really in the most charming spot and this smart city home enjoys the most magnificent views plus a garage. The 3-4 Bedrooms are served by a lower floor bathroom with adaptable upper floor rooms.
"A Contemporary Chain Free, Two Bedroom Ground Floor Apartment Part Of This Georgian Building, Converted In 2005/6 Retaining Much Of The Original Early 1800s Character, With An Unusual Hexagonal Style To Its Design Creating Unique Living Space. "
Sion Hill Place is an absolute hidden gem of pure Georgian elegance named as one of the top 6 residential streets in the UK by The Times in 2019. Apartment 3 is a stunning 1 bedroom apartment with beautifully cornicing and ornate ceilings throughout. The apartment benefits from small outside b...
Five storey house in popular Georgian terrace one mile from Bath city centre. 6 Percy Place is a Grade II listed Georgina town house with many of the period features retained. The house is set over 5 floors with well-proportioned accommodation. The entrance lobby leads to the dining room with a...
"Vendors suited. Beautifully presented and extended detached family home, in a quiet location. The property consists of 4 double bedrooms, 4 bath/shower rooms (including 3 en-suites), plus cloakroom, large welcoming entrance hall, open plan underfloor heated kitchen/dining/living area, separa..."
Rarely available and wonderful semi-detached family home in the heart of Bloomfield Avenue. 4 bedrooms driveway parking and southerly gardens to Bloomfield Allotments.
A rare opportunity to acquire one of only four detached properties in The Tyning with wonderful views of the City.
"The Southside Townhouse on Bridgetower Drive at Holburne Park is a 2,167 sq. ft four-bed house with open plan living accommodation, drawing room and study."
"Tucked away at the end of a sweeping private driveway, Meadow Farm Cottage occupies one of the most secluded plots you could hope to find this close to Bath. This substantial, detached three bedroom family home has been renovated to a high standard and makes the most of its stunning location."
This classic three bedroom Georgian Grade II Listed townhouse is a stylish and comfortable home retaining a wealth of period features along with modern twists.
A substantial and beautifully presented semi-detached family home with off street parking and landscaped garden.
A beautifully presented and recently constructed two bedroom first floor apartment with lift access and parking set in six acres of parkland.
"Stunning four bedroom period property dating back to 1729 located in the desirable neighbourhood of Northend on the eastern outskirts of the city of Bath. Completely renovated over three floors delivering 205 sq m/2207 sq ft of internal space, Emmeline Place is a Grade II* listed hist..."
"An appealing detached bungalow providing well planned and spacious accommodation with a large garden, all in a picturesque canal side setting"
"Located In The Heart Of The Popular Village Of Midford, A Short Distance From Bath City Centre This Spacious & Imposing Three Bedroom Detached Dormer Bungalow Benefits From Commanding & Stunning Countryside Views. "
"This gorgeous, detached home features 4 bedrooms, large driveway, southerly gardens and garage in a supremely desirable location, in the heart of Beechen Cliff. CHAIN FREE - 3D Virtual Tour available"
"A spacious split-level four bedroom detached family home. Offering 1,860 Sq.Ft. of accommodation on a 0.2 acre plot and immaculately presented throughout. Highly desired location close to the local high street, Royal United Hospital and with easy, walkable, access to the city. "
"This is a well-presented five bedroom family home benefitting from a handsome Bath stone façade, retained features plus spacious and versatile accommodation. It is located in the highly sought after area of Newbridge, just 1.7 level miles to Queen Square and all that Bath city centre has t..."
"City centre Georgian home with views, currently run as a successful air BnB, averaging £1250 per night. Shop available by separate negotiation. The House
Classic Georgian features abound in this Grade II listed flying freehold home - tall ceilings, transom windows, an elegant staircase, shuttere..."
"*3D Interactive Tour available* This wonderful, Grade II listed, detached Victorian villa is located in the heart of sought-after Widcombe and full of features. It offers 4 double bedrooms, gardens, garage and parking space as well fabulous views across Bath."
"Unique opportunity to purchase 2No flats with planning permission granted for erection of additional 1No 3 bed dwelling. 2 bedroom, lower ground floor garden flat with planning permission to extend and alter internally, and erection of 1No. 3 bedroom dwelling. 2 bedroom ground floor flat. "
"A spectacular, modern, 3 bedroom home situated in the heart of Bath with living space spread over 4 floors."
"An elegant lateral first-floor apartment spread over two Grade I listed Georgian townhouses, in the centre of Bath. Every aspect of this beautiful property is impressive: from its classical Georgian facade, through to its spacious and elegant proportions. This is a beautifully presented three be..."
Entrance Hall l 3 bedrooms l 2 bathrooms l cloakroom l Kitchen/dining room l tv room l Elegant Drawing room l Balcony L Contents included (Sold as seen)
"Approximately sixty years old, this lovely family home could not be better located for access to schooling and numerous country facilities. Offering potential to extend or develop, the options are endless subject to planning. Ample parking and a garage add further appeal in this small cul-de-sac."
"A desirable character house with independent attached studio or one bedroom annexe, standing on an impressive corner plot of around 0.15 acre on high ground and enjoying outstanding views."
" A bright and spacious Victorian semi detached house retaining a number of delightful features such as beautiful tiled entrance hall, high ceilings, bay windows and feature fireplaces positioned in this convenient and sought after location. This well presented house has been thoughtfully extende..."
"A superb four bedroom family house positioned favourably in this highly sought-after area and providing 1,766 sq. ft. of accommodation."
Detached family home in the heart of Lansdown with far-reaching views
"A superb example of one of these popular 5-bedroom townhouses, well-situated within this highly sought-after development on the prime northern slopes of Bath"
"A charming two-storey semi-detached Grade II listed Villa, well situated for all that Widcombe has to offer"
"A stylish 5 bedroom Grade II listed Georgian townhouse with a stunning garden located in a fine elevated position, conveniently within 5 minutes-walk of Bath city centre."
"A Spacious Detached Three/Four Bedroom Bungalow Well Presented & Set In An Exclusive Sought After Area, Convenient For Bath University, Wessex Water, Bath Clinic & Within Easy Reach Of The City Centre. "
"An elegant double fronted Grade II Listed Georgian townhouse offering over 1,900 square feet of versatile accommodation arranged over four floors ideally positioned in this centrally located in the heart of the city centre. This versatile and beautifully presented property retains a number of del..."
"A most attractive Grade II Listed townhouse, close to Bath’s iconic Royal Crescent and Assembly Rooms. Featuring beautifully proportioned rooms and finished to a high standard neatly arranged over five floors."
"27 Stothert Avenue is a newly built townhouse built from Ashlar Stone. The property is light and airy, enjoying tall ceilings and large windows with views southwards across the city. The house is part of the prestigious and award winning Bath Riverside development. A stylish four storey town..."
"Unmodernised, semi-detached Victorian house in Larkhall"
"This Grade I Listed apartment is set within a magnificent Georgian terrace on the eastern side of the city. Occupying the ground and first floor with high ceilings and deep sash windows, taking full advantage of the southerly views. Many period features have been retained within this imposing home."
"Portfolio8 are delighted to bring to the market this 4 bedroom extended, beautifully designed and maintained end terrace property on Crescent Gardens, The property is currently being used as a Holiday Let bringing in around £5,664.65 on average for the past 3 months with bookings open till June 2023"
A splendid 3 bedroom detached house set in approximately half an acre of gardens with far reaching views over The City of Bath.
"This is a beautifully spacious ground floor apartment boasting the principal rooms and creating the most sumptuous living, situated within this popular area of Bath. The accommodation is approximately 1,446 sq.ft. including two bedrooms and a beautiful drawing room."
"A Georgian five bedroom detached home in the AONB village of Midford on the outskirts of Bath. Spacious accommodation of 2,342 Sq.Ft over three floors and the potential for a separate annex. Set in stunning countryside with the city just three miles from the property."
"Sitting in the heart of the World Unesco Heritage city of Bath, seconds from its majestic abbey and Roman Baths, is this exceptional Grade II-listed three-bedroom apartment. Extending over 1,600 sq ft, it has been meticulously restored by the current owner, who has celebrated the building's origi..."
A characterful 1920's built four bedroom detached family home. Spacious extended living space and immaculately presented throughout. Great location with far reaching views and easy access to the city.
A magnificent ground floor two bedroom apartment with a private courtyard in this desired crescent.
Period house l 4 /5 bedrooms l 2 reception rooms l new kitchen breakfast room extension l south / west facing garden (circa 45 ft). 3 storey house l 2.150 sqft / 200 sqm.
A terraced 4 bed 2 storey home at the popular Holburne Park development. Open plan living area with contemporary kitchen opening to private rear garden. Allocated parking for 2 cars.
A fine detached split-level house enjoying magnificent far-reaching views in a popular and sought-after village on the eastern fringes of the city.
"Situated within this superb location to the south of the City, Avalon is a superb detached family home comprising three/four bedrooms, two bathrooms and two reception rooms along with a double garage and level gardens."
"An exquisite first floor apartment situated within Catharine Place next to The Royal Crescent and The Circus. Impressive drawing room, kitchen/breakfast room, principle bedroom, further double bedroom, recently refurbished luxury shower room. Currently used a a holiday."
A 3 bedroom stylish home offers a contemporary interior design behind its period Bath stone façade. It benefits from a roof terrace with far reaching views and is in the popular location near Lansdown Crescent.
A 4 bedroom 2 storey home with flexible accommodation at the popular Holburne Park development. Open plan living area with contemporary kitchen opening to private rear garden.
"A pretty, double fronted and detached family home in an elevated position with far reaching views and eco-credentials as well as a heated swimming pool. Situated on the slopes of Bannerdown close to Batheaston Village, a short distance from the historic city of Bath."
"A fantastic, detached bungalow situated in a private, sunny and desirable location in Claverton Down. This delightful property benefits from a gated driveway and south facing garden. Located on a private road towards the end of a cul-de-sac. Proximity to the shops and amenities of Combe Down village"
" Offered to the market with no onward chain, can be found this 7 bedroom terraced property, currently achieving £4555pcm as a House in Multiple Occupation investment. Presented excellently throughout, the property benefits from modern decor following a recent refurbishment, as well as sev..."
*Spacious family home* *Attractive detached property in Claverton* *Just 3 miles from Bath* *Possible potential for plot subject to planning permission* *Two sitting rooms* *Dining room* *Four double bedrooms* *Driveway parking* *Mature Garden*
Property of this lovely contemporary style and central location seldom come to the open market. Already a stunning home but with further planning for loft conversion if required. Act quickly to arrange your appointment to view.
"In one of the most popular historical areas of Bath, this well-appointed ground floor apartment is set on the end of a Grade I Listed terrace, overlooking the Holburne Museum and gardens. With a private walled garden, the property is on a level walk of the centre and retains many period features."
"Occupying the northern end of the fifth floor with riverside views, this much improved apartment has lift access to all floors and the covered parking bay. Convenient for riverside walks and level access to the city, the modern specification will appeal to the most cost conscious of buyers."
"A four-bedroom house in Poets Corner less than 50 yards from the entrance to Alexandra Park. Offering over 1,935 square feet of versatile accommodation."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a stunning Grade I listed 2 bed maisonette on the popular Great Pulteney Street in the centre of the beautiful city of Bath. This property is not just about location, the grand and spectacular Georgian detail in and around the property is what brings it t..."
A pretty Grade II listed townhouse with picturesque city views situated on the popular lower north slopes of Bath.
Beautiful ground floor apartment within Grade I listed building situated in the iconic Lansdown crescent.
"Nestled on the Northern slopes of Bath is this beautifully presented, Grade II listed townhouse offering spacious and adaptable living accommodation across three floors with stunning, elevated southerly views. The property is a real credit to the current owners,  having&nbs..."
"This superb property is located in the heart of Combe Down offering miles of beautiful countryside on your door step whilst being a short drive to Central Bath, The detached bungalow with integral garage, extensive gardens, driveway and outbuilding offers notable opportunity for the new owner."
A beautifully presented three bedroom detached bungalow sitting in a wonderful plot
"An excellent and very rare opportunity has arisen to purchase this utterly superb substantial four bedroom semi detached property situated in a highly sought after area off Bathwick Hill and believed to date from the late 1950's. The benefits include an abundance of character, a secluded garden."
"A rarely available three bedroom Georgian cottage and one of the founding properties of the village. Retaining an abundance of original period features inside and out it could now benefit from a cosmetic refurbishment. Extended to the rear, coach house and potting shed and sold with no onward cha..."
A wonderful family home with huge potential situated in an idyllic country setting with views towards Georgian Bath.
"A handsome 3 bedroom end of terrace town house, one of 4 lovely homes built in 2017 by well the respected local developers, Ashford Homes, finished to a particularly high standard throughout and benefiting from a generous town garden."
"An excellent six bedroom extended family home, currently laid out as a four bedroom dwelling, with the added bonus of a two bedroom annex, which the current owner uses as a successful 'Airbnb'. With a ready made income alongside well balanced accommodation over two floors, this would make a wonde..."
Professionally refurbished to exacting standards this GII* Listed upper floor apartment is arranged over three floors providing wonderful open views at the rear. The well-proportioned layout makes comfortable living or an ideal Airbnb opportunity for any investor. No onward chain adds to the appeal
"A distinctive, beautifully situated modern detached bungalow built in 2011 in this well regarded road in Bathampton village, benefitting from large gardens, magnificent views toward Solsbury Hill and ample parking and garaging."
A magnificent property on the slopes between Camden and Larkhall. Offering three double bedrooms with extended accommodation to the ground floor. In the garden there is a garden office and a gate leading to private parking. Presented in excellent condition.
"65% SOLD. All apartments are ready to be occupied. Arlington House is an exclusive collection of 38 apartments, set within a Georgian style building, situated in the centre of Bath. Consisting of Studio, 1 & 2 bedroom properties, some of which benefit from unique views of Bath Abbey and the Roma..."
*MOVE IN FOR SPRING* Plot 555 - The Charlcombe is a fantastic DETACHED family home which boasts ENERGY EFFICIENT SOLAR PANELS and a HIGH SPECIFICATION. The master bedroom includes FITTED WARDROBES and an en-suite. Externally there is a turfed SOUTH FACING garden.
"A handsome, DETACHED BARN CONVERSION located in the pretty village of ENGLISHCOMBE to the south of Bath. With over 1800 sq. feet of living space, bedroom terrace, gated off-street parking, far reaching rural views and large gardens. Potential to extend subject to PP, 3 minute drive to nearest shop. "
"A stylish 4 bedroom mews house, located in a prime residential area to the rear of the Royal Crescent with the benefit of a single garage, a small courtyard and first floor balcony."
"A comprehensively refurbished, immaculately presented and super stylish 3 bedroom Grade II listed, 3 storey Georgian town house, located adjacent to Royal Victoria Park and conveniently within 15 minutes level walk of Bath city centre."
"Situated In a very quiet, sought-after area of Bath, this property offers excellent potential for anyone wanting to place their stamp on a contemporary 1970s style building and make it their own. The property sits in a good sized corner plot that provides plenty of room for expansion."
A fine Victorian terraced home situated in the highly desirable setting of Widcombe.
Family house in an enviable location with gardens and parking.
"An updated Victorian terraced house with a wonderful terraced garden and stunning city views. Arranged over three floors with adaptable principal bedroom to the top floor, this ever popular location provides ease of access to local amenities, Bath Spa station and the vibrant city centre beyond."
 A bright four bedroom detached house positioned on a generous plot in this highly sought after no through road enjoying far reaching views offering great potential to modernise/extend subject to the relevant consents. ACCOMMODATION entrance hall shower room kitchen utility room dining...
A well-appointed apartment with stunning far reaching views from a usable balcony. Having been thoughtfully refurbished to a high standard including a new kitchen. The property is offered with no onward chain and is located in the sought after area of Lansdown with ease of access to the City.
NO ONWARD CHAIN. An attractive bay-fronted Victorian property occupying an elevated end of terrace position. Garage with hard standing parking space 4 bedrooms and 2 generous reception rooms. Proximity to Chelsea Road shops and cafes. Close to Newbridge Primary School. Good access to travel links 
"A recently refurbished Grade II listed three bedroom terrace cottage. Built c.1830 it retains period features throughout with a south facing garden, home office and double garage. Ideally located for all local amenities, schooling and access to the city and sold with no onward chain."
"A Grade II listed Georgian townhouse perfectly located close to Henrietta Park in the centre of Bath. Currently run as an Air BnB generating £65,000 - £69,000 PA. A Grade II listed Georgian townhouse, perfectly situated in the centre of Bath with accommodation arranged over four floors and with ..."
"A Grade II listed Georgian townhouse conveniently located in the centre of Bath close to the The Theatre Royal .Currently run as an Air BnB generating £60,000 - £65,000 PA. A Grade II listed late Georgian townhouse, perfectly situated in the centre of Bath arranged over four floors. The property..."
"A spacious four bedroom semi-detached family home. Recently extended and refurbished throughout providing modern open-plan living. Close to all Bear Flat amenities, schooling and sold with no onward chain."
"Built approximately 5 years ago this stunning Penthouse, duplex apartment is now offered with no onward chain. Two substantial double bedroom suites take full advantage of the westerly aspect with floor to ceiling glazing. The open plan living area has a fully equipped kitchen and a roof terrace."
A unique four bedroom detached bungalow located on a 0.22 acre plot on a highly desired road in Combe Down village. Planning permission granted for demolition and the building of a new detached four bedroom two storey house with driveway parking. Ideal and rare investment opportunity for the righ...
Charming five bedroom terraced home set over four floors and boasting a generous rear garden
"A charming family home within the highly desirable Mulberry Park development. This stunning home offers a kitchen/dining room, a separate living room and four well-proportioned bedrooms arranged over three floors. There is parking for two cars and an enclosed garden."
"Presented to the market in turn-key condition, Westmoreland Villas is a beautiful Victorian family home only 10 minutes walk from the heart of Bath. This recently extended and fully refurbished four-bedroom semi-detached home has been modernised to an exquisite standard and tastefully dec..."
BRAND NEW HOUSE l HAND CRAFTED BESPOKE KITCHEN l AVAILABLE SPRING 2023 l HIGH SPEC DESIGNER BATHROOM l ELECTRIC CAR CHARGING POINT l THREE BEDROOMS AND STUDY/BEDROOM FOUR l PRIVATE PARKING l UNIQUE STYLE PROPERTY l BUILDZONE WARRANTY l ENGINEERED OAK FLOORING
A beautifully presented apartment in this highly desirable location.
"A spacious, light and airy modern townhouse located in a quiet central city backwater with the benefit of 3 bedrooms and a double garage."
"A superb opportunity to purchase this second floor apartment within the world famous Royal Crescent. There is a stunning view of the sweeping crescent and private lawns to the front, it also has the rare benefit of a garage to the rear of the property."
"Located In A Quite Cul-De-Sac Just In The Popular Bloomfield Area, A Detached Modern Four Bedroom Family Home With Enclosed Lawned Rear Garden, Integral Garage And Carport With Driveway Parking."
"OPEN VIEWING SESSION AVAILABLE. An excellent detached family home in Claverton Down, Bath presented in outstanding condition and includes driveway parking and garage."
"A Spacious Modern Property On This Prestigious Road In The Highly Desired Combe Down Village. Versatile Accommodation With Three Bedrooms & Two Receptions, With Off-Street Parking. Ideally Located For All Local Amenities, Plus Bus Service To The City Centre."
"An extended five bedroom semi-detached family home. Immaculately presented and kept over the years but now offering the chance for a cosmetic refurbishment throughout. Large well stocked and tended rear garden, close to all local schooling and sold with no onward chain."
"A three bedroom detached bungalow situated in a private lane on a 0.2 acre plot. Immaculately presented throughout, dated but offering plenty of potential to modernise and extend if required. Large garage and workshop and sold with no onward chain."
"A two bedroom Bath city centre apartment with a walled garden. Number 7 is at the centre of a terrace of 12 houses built between 1766-1770 by John Wood the Younger, whose notable designs include the Royal Crescent and the Assembly Rooms. The garden flat is on the lower ground floor and occupies ..."
"A wonderful apartment within the Iconic Grade I Listed Royal Crescent. It has one of the finest views in the city, the benefit of the Private residences’ garden to the front and garage to the rear of the building."
High quality and high-tech three bedroom semi-detached house built in a time (1920's) when homes came with big gardens. 
A Victorian three bedroom semi detached house with garden and parking for two cars within 0.3 miles from Queens Square being sold with no onward chain.
"Built in 2017, this three storey semi-detached townhouse is set in the very popular Mulberry Park development. It boasts four double bedrooms, three bathrooms, garage and off-street parking. Viewing is highly recommended."
 A detached house of individual and pleasing character built to a good standard in 2002 and conveniently located in a sought after road on the popular Southern slopes of the city. EXTERNALLY Small front garden with flowerbeds and driveway parking for a couple of cars leading to the garage (w...
"A recently renovated 3rd Floor, 3 bedroom apartment with river views and an allocated underground parking space"
BRAND NEW HOUSE l HAND-CRAFTED BESPOKE KITCHEN l AVAILABLE SPRING 2023 l HIGH SPEC DESIGNER BATHROOM l ELECTRIC CAR CHARGING POINT l 3 BEDROOMS AND STUDY/BEDROOM 4 l ALLOCATED PARKING l UNIQUE STYLE PROPERTY l BUILDZONE WARRANTY l ENGINEERED OAK FLOORING
"This three bedroom semi detached family home is in a great location for easy access to the city, university and all local schools. Well presented throughout it offers the potential to extend if required. Established front and rear gardens with a detached garden studio for those working from home."
"An extended family home in Combe Down offering over 1,320 square feet of accommodation with a south west facing garden. No onward chain."
A superb three bedroom semi-detached family home with possibility to extend subject to planning situated in this highly residential area. Benefitting from a pretty south facing garden and off-street parking along with a garage.
"Three bedroom semi-detached home situated in a highly desired residential square. Immaculately refurbished and presented throughout whilst offering further potential to extend. Ideal location for access to local amenities, schooling and countryside walks."
A well presented Period family home in First Avenue offering four bedrooms over three floors of accommodation with a garage to the rear.
*Reserve now to receive a complimentary interior design service and NEPTUNE furniture contribution. Weston Mews is an exclusive development of eight new build houses in the popular suburb of Weston. A superb new development of contemporary houses in the desirable suburb of Weston less than 1.5 m...
"An appealing four bedroom detached house with extended living space and garage, situated in an idyllic, remarkably peaceful traffic free location in one of the most favoured roads in Bathford Village."
An extended five bedroom semi-detached family home. With four reception rooms it offers the potential for a separate annex or supplementary rental income. Quiet village location with good size south facing garden and no onward chain.
"An excellent investment opportunity to purchase this substantial stone-built double bay fronted Edwardian property set in a cul de sac location currently configured as a 6-bedroom HMO. The property is let for the next academic year at £46,800 PA. (giving a gross 7.2% return)"
"A beautifully presented two DOUBLE bedroom first floor apartment situated in an extremely desirable location next to Royal Victoria Park. The property boasts well balanced light and airy accommodation along with private parking, garaging and ENCLOSED COURTYARD."
"A generous, spacious and detached home set in a preferred and elevated location with views towards the St Catherine Valley. This 5 bedroom property offers flexible accommodation, garage, parking, corner plot and an opportunity to modernize."
"A large lateral apartment with level access, pretty garden, off road parking and balcony enjoying picturesque and panoramic views over the city with a southerly aspect."
A spacious four bedroom end-terrace period cottage. Immaculately presented throughout it makes an ideal family home in a peaceful village location. Nice size garden with large garage and close to all local schooling and amenities.
"A stunning two double bedroom apartment on the third floor, accessed by a lift, of this imposing detached building which sits in beautifully appointed communal grounds and is approached by a gated private driveway. The reception room has westerly views over the park, whilst the bedrooms both have..."
A superbly finished and spacious 3 bedroom maisonette apartment within a short walk of Widcombe High Street and the station.
"An excellent opportunity to purchase this substantial semi-detached HMO investment property with 6 double bedrooms all with ensuites and situated in an extremely sought-after location. The property is let for the next academic year for £46,800 PA (giving a healthy 7.2% gross return)."
A refurbished bay fronted Victorian 1693 sq.ft / 157.3 sq.m family home offering versatile accommodation over four floors with wonderful west facing rear garden on this no through road between Oldfield Park and Bear Flat.
"This is an exceptional opportunity of an outstanding two bedroom first floor apartment on Sion Road in Bath with gorgeous views, private parking, a balcony, within a peaceful address close to all amenities."
"A conveniently located and well-presented investment property currently let out for the 23/24 period producing an annual income of £38,940 creating a yield approaching 6%."
 A larger than average end of terrace 1930’s house most conveniently situated in this highly sought after road on the sought after western outskirts of the city. The property enjoys a pleasing open outlook and benefits from a single garage and additional driveway parking. EXTERNALLY Th...
"Now offered with vacant possession, this lovely terraced house is now presented in very good order and with no onward chain. Making an ideal and versatile family home, the popular location offers ease of access to all amenities including schools, shops, transportation links and city centre."
A 1930's semi detached family home set in a widening corner plot with off street parking and a garage.
"A Well Presented & Spacious Detached Family Home With Four Bedrooms (Two En-Suite) Offering Versatile Accommodation Over Three Floors. Additional Benefits Include A Good Sized Private Landscaped Gardens to the rear, Garage & Off Street Parking. "
A beautifully presented Grade II listed 3 bedroom cottage with a secure level garden in the popular area of Lansdown. 
Weston Mews is an exclusive development of eight new build houses in the popular suburb of Weston. A superb new development of contemporary houses in the desirable suburb of Weston less than 1.5 miles from Bath city centre and Bath Spa railway station. All houses include a minimum of 2 off-stree...
"A stunning four double bedroom family home with over 1500sq ft accommodation, in a popular residential area of Bath with great local transport and amenities."
We are delighted to bring this stunning and beautifully appointed apartment to the market. The property is located on the first floor and boasts large windows in every room allowing tremendous amounts of light to flood the apartment.
*Spacious 6 Bed House in a quiet location just off Newbridge Road* *Perfect Family Home or HMO Investment with good yield* *6 good sized bedrooms* *3 bathrooms (1 en-suite)* *Large Open Plan Living/Diner* *Modern Kitchen* *Gardens and Driveway Parking* 
"*NEW RELEASE* Plot 642, The Milsom is a HIGH QUALITY four-bedroom home, featuring a LARGE open plan kitchen/diner, a separate utility area and a spacious living room. Upstairs the master bedroom boasts an EN-SUITE and FITTED WARDROBES. Show home available to view. "
"A superb Listed ground and first floor maisonette with its own private entrance, garden and gated courtyard which provides secure parking for 2 vehicles. Contained within a charming Listed period house, the apartment has been refurbished and sympathetically modernised (complete with a stunning c..."
"Rear extended to 1663sqft, enjoying large level gardens, garage & driveway and a detached 498sqft outbuilding- this extremely spacious detached bungalow is more than big enough to suit families as well as downsizers. Sole Agents. EPC rating D"
"A stunning second floor apartment situated in 'Royal View' within the desirable Crest Nicholson Riverside Development. The property is presented to the highest standard throughout, with light, flexible living accommodation, two double en-suite bedrooms, balcony with river views and allocated unde..."
*NEW RELEASE* Plot 572 is a UNIQUE semi-detached home. This new build boasts INTEGRATED appliances in the OPEN PLAN kitchen/diner and a SPACIOUS living room with french doors leading to a turfed rear garden. Externally there is a SINGLE GARAGE and 2 parking spaces. 
"FREEHOLD Council Tax Band: D VACANT PROPERTY We are delighted to offer to the market this extensive, three-bedroom detached home on Bloomfield Road, Bath. The property is being offered to the market with vacant possession and so would make the perfect ..."
"An impressive one bedroom apartment forming part of Beau House within the sought after area of 'Bath Riverside'. Reception room with a Juliet balcony a modern open plan fully fitted kitchen, double bedroom, modern bathroom with shower over bath. Parking permit for rear car park."
A beautifully proportioned two bedroom apartment situated on the garden level of this fine Grade I Listed townhouse forming one of Bath's finest terraces.
"Ref: JM0133 A superb opportunity to acquire a unique garden apartment in the Weston area of the Georgian city of Bath. Tucked away off a residential area, this apartment is coming to the market for the first time in over 20 years and is offered with no onward chain. Packed full of beautiful ch..."
"An impressive detached four double bedroom property, set within a short distance of the city centre. The property is currently being used as a HMO but would also make a great family home, subject to the necessary consents."
Three bedroom end of terrace family home on the ever popular First Avenue
"*SHOW HOME OPEN* Plot 634, The Milsom is a highly desirable four-bedroom FAMILY home, featuring a LARGE open plan kitchen/diner, a separate utility area and a spacious living room. Upstairs the master bedroom boasts an EN-SUITE and FITTED WARDROBES. Predicted energy rating - B. "
"An excellent three-bedroom terrace period house with panoramic views in a quiet road situated just off Lyncombe Hill in popular Widcombe, Bath. There is no onward chain."
"Camden is a fashionable and popular address and this stunning sweeping crescent is home to this superb courtyard apartment. In close proximity are numerous city centre attractions, which are accessible by walking down Lansdown Road."
A charming detached period house located between Bear Flat and Bath's city centre.
A charming country cottage situated in a desirable village on Bath's southern fringes with useful annexe/garage building.
Lift | 2nd floor | 2 bedrooms | communal gardens | on street parking | High specification including designer kitchen and under floorheating.
"A central Grade II listed two-bedroom maisonette set across two floors, boasting a walled private rear garden."
Offered for sale with no onward chain. This fine 1930s family home is located in a sought after location and on a generous corner plot with mature gardens front and rear. There is scope to extend to the side and rear of the property (STPP). Close to local shops and other amenities 
"An immaculately presented semi-detached house situated within the highly regarded Ensleigh Development in the popular area of Lansdown. The property boasts modern accommodation set over two floors as well as enclosed gardens, driveway parking and garaging."
A charming two double bedroom town house arranged over two storeys with the benefit of two ensuites and a private courtyard to the rear. The property is situated in a central location within the city centre of Bath just a few minutes from all amenities.
**OPEN HOUSE SATURDAY 18TH MARCH 1PM-2PM BY APPOINTMENT ONLY** A handsome three bedroom detached family home situated on the southern slopes of Bath. The property has well balanced accommodation over two floors along with a VERY GENEROUSLY sized garden.
"Great Pulteney Street is one of the best streets in the city boasting wide Georgian pavements leading into the heart World Heritage Bath, access to the Rec to hear the roar of Bath Rugby, and a range of boutique hotels and parks to enjoy a cocktail or picnic."
"Situated in central Bath. A four double bedroom HMO licensed freehold house. The property is well presented and offers 1443 square feet of accommodation over three floors. Having two kitchen living rooms the home lends itself perfectly for sharers, HMO or someone who would like to live in and ren..."
"This attractive Grade I Listed third floor apartment within The Circus, offers two bedrooms and superb views to the rear. This is a wonderful opportunity to live in this highly desirable address."
A detached and extended family home located in the popular Odd Down area of Bath. This excellent property benefits from ample off-street parking and large southwest facing rear garden. Close to local shops. Close to local schools. Dual aspect living/dining room. Ground floor shower room & WC
"NO ONWARD SALES CHAIN - A detached four bedroom home that offers versatile living accommodation over three floors, including large sitting room and balcony, open plan kitchen/ diner, four bedrooms, en-suite shower room and bathroom. There is also garage and driveway parking space."
"Moments walk from the city center and behind the Royal Crescent a late Victorian terraced home with three bedroom accommodation (Bathroom and separate shower room), a communicating living room/dining room, a well appointed kitchen with a utility are beyond and a small courtyard garden."
"Charming and beautifully presented, three bedroom terraced home"
"An immaculate city centre two bedroom apartment occupies the principle rooms of a Grade II Georgian Townhouse, with fabulous room proportions, two double bedrooms, two bathrooms and a fully fitted kitchen all presented and equipped to a high standard."
"An exquisite garden maisonette with riverside frontage just off Walcot Street within a no through road. Living room, two double bedrooms, snug/bedroom three, family bathroom, kitchen/diner. Garden over looking the river. No onward chain."
"An individual double fronted detached property on a particularly large plot located on the north eastern edge of the city with a spectacular view towards Charlcombe. In need of refurbishment, the property offers bags of potential and is perfect for those looking for outdoor space. No onward chain."
"A superb two-bedroom apartment in this Grade II listed building located in the centre of Bath overlooking Pulteney Weir and the historic Pulteney Bridge, offered for sale with a secured, covered parking space. The Empire was originally built as a luxury hotel in 1901 for hotelier Alfr..."
"One of only two modern apartments sharing the fourth floor, with bilateral views, a social living space and two balconies, centrally located with uninterrupted views overlooking the park and river"
"A charming three bedroom cottage in a secluded terrace at the heart of Larkhall. The House
Larkhall Terrace is a row of cottages, tucked away in quiet location in the heart of Larkhall village. Built in the early 1900s, it retains its historical charm. Number 3 is the penultimate building in th..."
3 bedrooms l open plan living l No onward chain l 2 Bathrooms l Garden and rear courtyard.
"A beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached house, redesigned and refitted to a highly impressive standard, situated in a favoured location close to shops, schools and other amenities at Larkhall."
A spacious top floor two bedroom apartment located in one of Bath’s most iconic locations.
"A spacious 4 bedroom family home situated in a highly convenient, elevated location with panoramic city views. Garden to the rear. Garage and off road parking for one vehicle. No onward chain."
"A generous, and extended, 4 bedroomed semi-detached family home set in a quiet cul-de-sac location close to local amenities and public transport links."
This classic double bay fronted semi detached house originally dates from the 1930's and enjoys a much sought after position on Englishcombe Lane with widespread views across the City of Bath and surrounding countryside. the house offers scope for an ingoing purchaser to update and modernise the ...
"A commodious bay fronted four bedroom Victorian terraced home (1533 sq ft) decorated in a Bohemian style exclusively with Farrow and Ball paint, High ceilings, period features and a wonderful quiet, cared for garden. Situated in Lower Weston close to RUH and the shops in Chelsea Road"
"Ideal investment property. Currently this property is divided into two apartments. However it would make a lovely family dwelling too. Each apartment has 2 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms, kitchen, and a sitting room. The basement / ground floor flat also has access to the garden and a bi..."
"A beautiful second floor 2 bedroom apartment located in a highly desirable residential position, adjacent to the Royal Crescent and enjoying magnificent westerly views to the rear over Royal Victoria Park."
"A handsome Bath stone 1930s property located in the popular Newbridge area of Bath. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN and provides scope to MODERNISE and EXTEND. Gardens to the front, side and rear. Two reception rooms. Bathroom and shower room. Close to CHELSEA ROAD shops and cafes"
An immaculately presented 3 bedroom property close to the city and surrounding villages of Bath.
"Barrow Lodge a fine detached residence on the edge of the Barrow estate within the Georgian city of Bath. The property constructed in stone, occupies a great position with views over the city and Roundhill, plus has the benefit of being next to Sirius woods, a national trust woodland. The ..."
"A well presented, two bedroom mews house."
"An impressive, intriguing and well-proportioned lower ground floor apartment with a private entrance, set at the heart of one of the renowned Bath Crescents, providing remarkable outside space and excellent scope for transformation."
This recently refurbished building offers a great investment opportunity with two flats both with tenants in situ until July 2023 at a 6.6% return. The two apartments are both entered via their own entrance doors with storage cupboards. The living spaces are light and bright with seam...
"A handsome Grade II listed Georgian terrace which would make a lovely family home. In need of updating throughout, the property benefits from retaining many original features, offering plenty of potential to prospective buyers. Offered for sale with no onward chain."
"This charming late-Victorian property has two double bedrooms, great city views and a wonderful, cul-de-sac position between Bear Flat and Widcombe, just a downhill stroll to town and Bath Spa railway station."
"This three storey cottage offers unexpectedly spacious accommodation that includes three double bedrooms and two versatile reception rooms. Within walking distance of the local amenities in Batheaston, the property now requires some improvements so viewing is essential to appreciate the potential."
"Within an impressive Georgian townhouse in one of Bath's prime residential locations, this ground floor apartment has been tastefully finished and enhanced to offer a spacious layout with quality fittings. Offering stylish decor, this is the perfect home on a level walk of the city."
"A two bedroom apartment in the city centre set in a building with lift and communal garden. Currently let until July 2023 for £1,495. A sitting room with separate kitchen. Perfect for the city centre and access to river towpath. Offered with no chain."
" A wonderful three double bedroom extended Victorian home, in popular Oldfield Park, with westerly rear garden and backing onto one of Bath’s many green spaces. The addition to the rear of the house allows for a kitchen/breakfast room, along with downstairs WC, whilst the first floor bath..."
A three bedroom detached family home with far reaching views offering plenty of potential.
" Nestled away in a peaceful position in the heart of Weston village, can be found this characterful three bedroom cottage, offered to the market with no onward chain. The charming Grade II Listed home boasts enviable kerb appeal, impressing with an attractive stone façade, whilst internally ben..."
An immaculately presented three bedroom semi-detached family home with further potential to extend. Set in an elevated position with far reaching countryside views. Large detached garage with driveway parking and sold with no onward chain.
"A delightful, beautifully presented two bedroom apartment within this superbly located Grade I Listed terrace in the centre of Bath. To be sold with no onward chain."
"A four bedroom semi-detached home. Immaculately presented throughout with open-plan living on the ground floor and loft conversion. Ideal location for access to the city, local amenities and all levels of schooling."
A beautifully presented 2 bedroom Georgian courtyard apartment that has been a very successful holiday let.
"A stylish, modern, ground floor 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom maisonette apartment with private off-street parking and communal gardens close to the station"
"BRAND NEW three-bedroom home, set over TWO FLOORS. Open-plan living room/dining space/kitchen with breakfast bar, and a useful downstairs cloakroom. On the first floor is a generous master bedroom with ensuite, two further bedrooms and a bathroom. There are two parking spaces."
"Fantastic 6-bed 4-bath HMO located just north-west of the city of Bath. Freshly modernised with ample communal space and benefitting from a large patio and garden to the rear, along with off-street parking at the front of the property. Well located close by to amenities and transport links."
"Home Estate Agents of Bath are favoured with the instructions to market this impressively spacious five bedroomed HMO set in the heart of Oldfield Park. The property generates an annual income of £29,100 giving a gross return of 5.95%. "
"A stunning family mews cottage situated in one of Bath's coveted village locations of Batheaston, on the outskirts of the city. A beautifully presented Grade II listed end of terrace. The property is overflowing with original period features, recently refurbished, warm, stylish and welcomin..."
"A semi detached family home set within a cul-de-sac with gardens to the front, side and rear."
"Exclusively designed for the over 70's, these stunning apartments are ideal for people looking to maintain their independence in a home they own. There is care provided by a qualified team, staff on-site 24 hours a day, and a host of facilities including a laundry, lounge and function room. A..."
"A spacious three double bedroom detached bungalow in need of refurbishment, situated in a fabulous location enjoying distant views from an elevated position on the western fringe of Bathford village"
" Offered to the market with no onward chain, can be found this characterful three bedroom end of terrace home, offering ample potential to a new owner. Constructed as one of three cottages in the 1920s, this charming home was occupied by the local paper mill workers, however in more recent times..."
BRAND NEW HOUSE l 4 BEDROOMS l GARDEN l HAND-CRAFTED BESPOKE KITCHEN l HIGH SPEC DESIGNER BATHROOMS l ELECTRIC CAR CHARGING POINT l ALLOCATED PARKING l BUILDZONE WARRANTY l Herringbone LVT FLOORING
A fine and deceptively spacious period house in a sought after and convenient road close to shops and amenities in Chelsea Road and just over a mile from the centre of Bath
An attractive 1930`s semi detached property on a peaceful and elevated plot offering light and bright accommodation over two floors within a mile from Larkhall. Established and well tended 93ft south facing garden with scenic views towards Bathampton. Garage and off road parking to the rear.
"NEXA are pleased to present this ground floor 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment looking over the park. "
"A rare opportunity to acquire an existing HMO duplex apartment, found in the ever popular Bathwick Street. The shared front door with intercom system, takes you through to the shared entrance hallway that gives access to the rear gardens and the stair case. The property is..."
"Two bedroom, top floor apartment in city centre garden square. A perfect Air BnB. This fourth floor apartment shares a classic Georgian townhouse with three others and is in a prime city centre location. There's shared access into a bright and light hallway maintained by a management company. In..."
An extended and very well appointed 1960`s semi detached family home offering 1195sqft / 111m2 of tastefully refurbished accommodation. Landscaped 55ft by 29ft north west rear garden with elevated sun deck with sunken patio and lawn. Driveway parking leading to tandem garage/workshop. Freehold.
"A second floor, one bedroom apartment in Bath’s prestigious Great Pulteney Street. Number 36 Great Pulteney Street is at the Holburne Museum end of this elegant terrace of fine Grade I listed Georgian townhouses. Flat 4 benefits from large, panelled windows providing great views yet maintaining ..."
An exquisitely detailed 1006sqft three storey no chain late Victorian terrace with 150ft+ rear gardens.
A stylish double-fronted detached house positioned on an attractive plot of approaching a third of an acre adjacent to the Bradford and Avon railway line beautifully nestled between the Kennet and Avon Canal and the picturesque Claverton Pumping Station. This delightful house has recently been ex...
"This fine apartment is situated in the Widcombe area of the city and forms part of a grand, detached, Georgian residence. The ground floor home boasts an excellent level rear garden with stunning city views. Presented in excellent condition throughout, comprising your own entrance hall and grand..."
Offering fantastic views to the rear is this extended semi detached family home.
"Set in a quiet corner at the end of a no-through road, this semi detached home provides three double bedrooms and appealing open plan ground floor, together with private parking and garage, all set against a backdrop of light woodland."
A five bedroom HMO currently taking in £2750 after management charges and a new yield of 6.6% return.
"A beautifully presented 2 bedroom Victorian mansion apartment in the desirable village of Bathampton, to the east of Bath. The accommodation includes sitting room, 2 good sized double bedrooms, modern kitchen and bathroom, with high ceilings, lots of natural light and its own private entrance. ..."
A unique opportunity to develop this Grade II listed chapel with planning approval for a four-bedroom conversion.
"Set within one of the most historic and attractive crescents in Bath, a ground floor apartment, with the benefit of two bedrooms, terraced garden and the potential to acquire a double-parking space to the rear."
"A well performing HMO in a popular student location consisting of 5 bedrooms over 4 floors producing an annual income of £31,337 over an 11.5 month term which creates a yield of 6.26%."
A superb one bedroom apartment within this prestigious Grade I Listed terrace in the centre of Bath.
"Awarded a rare exceptional quality ranking under the original accreditation scheme, this 942sqft two storey licensed four bedroom HMO is let through until summer 2024 and occupies a prime central Oldfield location convenient for Moorland Rd shops, Oldfield station and student bus routes. Yield on..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom bungalow situated just over two miles away from the lovely Alexandra Park. This bungalow has a lovely divide, on the east side of the bungalow you have your bedrooms and on the west side you have your living accommodation. Allowing for the smooth ..."
A detached three bedroom single storey house located in an elevated position on the southern slopes of Bath with stunning views over the city and beyond. The vendor says: “We have been here 25 years and the beautiful views over Bath from Bannerdown up to the Lansdown Racecourse are st...
"A spacious and stylish Penthouse with wrap-around balcony, two double bedrooms and stunning views"
"A beautifully presented fifth floor, two bedroom apartment situated within one of Bath's most famous buildings; The Empire. Offering two bathrooms and stunning views over the city, this is a wonderful city centre home."
"An extended Oldfield Park three storey period property with bayed sitting room, impressive open plan kitchen dining room and level rear garden with garage off road parking to the rear. No onward chain."
Enjoy all the benefits of living in central Bath in this spacious two bedroom apartment with its own balcony and garage. 
"Carly@NEXA is delighted to bring to market this beautifully fully refurbished three-bedroom family home located in Oldfield Park. En-suite shower room to master, open plan living with newly fitted kitchen, utility room, sunroom & large family gardens.Viewings available this weekend Saturday&a..."
"An excellent opportunity has arisen to purchase this utterly superb substantial stone built four bedroom HMO property situated in a highly sought after location and let out next academic year for £26,400. The benefits include gas heating, double glazing and a very well proportioned garden. "
"An attractive and spacious mid terrace period home situated in this ultra convenient location, benefitting from close proximity to the city centre and railway station. The property boasts a generous level of accommodation arranged over two floors, with potential to expand further subject to plann..."
This is a beautifully presented TWO BEDROOM Retirement apartment occupying a prime position at upper ground floor level so very convenient to the excellent communal facilities including lounge and bistro.
"***CHARACTER COTTAGE WITH A HIGH END FINISH, GARDENS AND AMPLE PRIVATE PARKING*** The property comprises an attractive semi detached cottage built in stone with a tiled roof, the earliest part is believed to date from the 1890's. It has been sympathetically extended and provides characte..."
"A spacious two-bedroom apartment in Bath’s most iconic Grade II listed landmark building,enjoying wonderful views over the River Avon and City of Bath."
"On the west side of Bath, a stone built terraced house which has been extended and given a contemporary style internally refurbished to a high standard and specification. Many attractive and commendable features."
" A beautifully presented ground floor apartment forming part of this impressive Grade I Listed Georgian townhouse positioned in this prime and highly sought-after location, just a few minutes level walk from Pulteney Bridge and the centre of Bath. This bright and spacious property enjoys an abun..."
"NEXA are pleased to present this stunning two bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment in the Bath Riverside Development"
"An absolutely pristine 930sqft semi detached three bedroom bungalow, enjoying views over to Lansdown from the beautifully bright extended kitchen/diner. Sole Agents. EPC rating= D"
"A pretty 2/3 bedroom top floor apartment in a fine central location, enjoying beautiful elevated views."
An elegant double fronted 2 bedroom first floor apartment located in a sought after position on Bath’s highly prized northern slopes.
"This two bedroom Georgian Grade II Listed maisonette apartment offers generously sized living accommodation over two levels, positioned in a block of two properties within a Georgian converted building, as well as an allocated car parking space to the front located just off Walcot Street."
ENGLISH COMBE VILLAGE ! *** SEMI RURAL LOCATION *** GARDEN IN EXCESS 50FT *** 19FT OPEN PLAN KITCHEN *** SEPARATE UTILITY ***GROUND FLOOR SHOWER ROOM *** BACKING ONTO COUNTRYSIDE *** BOOK A VIEWING ONLINE
"A charming and beautifully presented 2 bedroom Georgian cottage in a peaceful and particularly sought after “no through” road, with a private South West facing garden, and parking."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain. An extended 5 bedroom semi-detached family home located in the popular residential area of Weston Village, Bath. This property benefits from an annex with double bedroom and en suite shower room. Close to local High Street shops. South facing garden"
A classic Georgian ground floor apartment with a private west facing balcony in a central location close to Queen Square and Royal Avenue.
" A beautifully refurbished and stylishly presented apartment currently operated as a successful holiday let, on the ground floor of a fine Listed Georgian town house. Most conveniently located in this sought after road, the flat enjoys a delightful sunny aspect and far reaching views across the ..."
A mid terraced family home offering a wonderful garden and spectacular views from the rear.
Beautiful one bedroom apartment in Lansdown Crescent with stunning views to hills from large sash windows. Well laid out apartment with reception space spanning the front with large sash windows. Ample hallway with large bedroom to the rear. No chain.
"A spacious, two-bedroom, first floor flat within walking distance of the City Centre with the added benefit of a balcony and private garage"
"We are delighted to bring to market this modern first floor apartment situated in the gated community of Heather Rise. Boasting two allocated parking spaces, communal garden/ BBQ area and its own front door, this property has a lot to offer."
"Being sold with no onward chain this is a semi-detached, three bedroom family home in a highly desirable location with stunning views."
"A very charming, early 17th century semi detached converted farmhouse nestled in the oldest part of Bathford village with double garage and west facing rear garden. Long panoramic views over St Swithun`s church towards Bath. No onward chain."
"Set in one the most favoured roads on the north-eastern slopes of the city of Bath and enjoying outstanding views from high ground, this Victorian style house provides well-proportioned living space over two floors, including three double bedrooms."
"A charming Listed late 18th Century terraced cottage most pleasantly situated in the heart of the thriving village of Bathford, enjoying a pleasing open outlook to both front and rear. EXTERNALLY Attractive garden to the front, facing approximately South. The pretty garden is enclosed by natu..."
A two double bedroom modern mid-terrace home with designated parking. Built in 2019 this house sits on the very popular Mulberry Park development in Combe Down. Thoughtfully designed for modern living with a hi-spec finish and highly energy efficient.
A mid-terraced two double bedroom home located in the popular Oldfield Park area of Bath with excellent access to local schools and transport in and out of the city. No onward chain.
NO ONWARD CHAIN. This bright and airy 3 bedroom home comes with the added benefit of a garage and conservatory. 
"A superb two-bedroom home in excellent condition, in pretty Bathampton village close to Bath and benefitting from garage and guest parking. Over 55’s only. No onward chain."
A nicely presented two bedroom double fronted terrace cottage. Immaculately presented and retaining period features throughout. Good size garden and close to all local amenities with easy access to the city.
"A four double bedroom 956sqft significantly extended licensed HMO, let until summer 2024 with a 6.68% yield. Valley views and a two car driveway."
"A beautifully presented two bedroom apartment forming part of a magnificent Grade I Listed Building, in a fantastic city centre location, just minutes from all of the hustle and bustle of Bath and Bath Spa train station. No onward chain."
"Calling Investors. 3 Double Bedroom Terraced HMO House with a small room upstairs currently used for storage. Very Well Presented Furnished Freehold 3 bedroom HMO, Georgian House in Bath, less than 1 mile from City Centre. Grade II Listed. Current tenants in situ until July 2023. New te..."
"Peaceful two bedroom apartment in Bath's iconic Grade II listed Empire building ideally located right in the heart of this World heritage city, with fine south-westerly views over the rear of Bath Guildhall and Bath Abbey. The Empire was originally built as a luxury hotel in 1901 for ..."
" A bright and spacious garden maisonette with plenty of storage, private entrance and garage on the highly sought after Northern slopes of Bath. Chain free. ACCOMMODATION entrance hall 17ft sitting dining family room with door to garden 11ft kitchen breakfast room three bedrooms shower..."
Geogian apartment l first floor l views over Bath l central location l 2 bedrooms l period features
"As you enter the property you are greeted by a clever storage area, somewhere to hang your coats and bags, as you continue into the property you are presented by the lounge. Withing this room you will notice the amount of natural light which illuminates the room. Off of the lounge, you are greete..."
"An excellent opportunity has arisen to purchase this substantial stone built two bedroom Victorian property situated in a highly sought after location. The benefits include gas heating, double glazing and a potential garden office. "
"Set within striking distance of the thriving heart of the city centre, Henrietta Park and the Holbourne Museum this fantastic maisonette offers generous living space combined with attractive views."
We are proud to bring to market this impressive first floor apartment situated in the heart of Bath. Not only has this spacious property been recently been renovated to a high standard but it is also being offered to the market fully furnished boasting brand new high spec furniture throughout. Th...
"Victorian House l 2 reception rooms, 3 bedrooms l courtyard garden l opposite Larkhall Rec l Off street parking space l sought after location in Larkhall."
"Allen and Harris are bringing to the market this smart and well-equipped end of terrace, three bedroom family home that is conveniently located closely to some of Bath's tranquil countryside walks on Old Fosse Road."
"A unique courtyard garden maisonette, within the handsome grade II listed building that is The Old Walcot School. Large open plan living/kitchen/diner, double bedroom with ensuite and further double bedroom, downstairs bathroom and private courtyard, within walking distance to the city centre. Le..."
"A two storey 798sqft four bedroom licensed HMO in excellent order and ideally located for central Oldfield Park amenities, tenanted until September 2024 with a 6.31% gross yield."
"Two one bedroom flats as per regulations but is yet to be split on the title, offering versatile accommodation in Combe Down village."
A most attractive 2 bedroom townhouse on the outskirts of Bath within beautifully maintained grounds and with the benefit of a private parking space and private terrace.
"Enjoying extensive views across Bath, a second floor one bedroom apartment set in this sought after building with the added benefit of a garage."
This stunning 2 bedroom top floor apartment is located in the desirable Camden Crescent area of Bath.
Impeccably maintained - an 889sqft end terraced Edwardian extended home with 51ft x 17ft west facing rear gardens.
"This fabulous and unique apartment is situated in Bath City and forms part of a grade II listed townhouse constructed in the 1760's. Boasting its own private entrance and courtyard gardens. Accommodation is a spacious 1009 square feet and includes entrance hall, living room with lovely period fir..."
An extended two bedroom period terraced property located less than 100 metres from Moorland Road being sold with no onward chain.
"An interesting two double bedroom property, with planning permission to extend single storey rear extension, plus opportunity to double the size of property by adding a two storey side extension and loft conversion. The property has recently been refurbished and extended, offering quality, spacio..."
@ Home Estate Agents of Bath are pleased to bring to the market this extended 3-bedroom end of terrace family home set withinthis popular residential development. The spacious and well-appointed family accommodation offers a large kitchen/diner with the addition of further seating area and more. 
"A beautifully presented one-bedroom top floor apartment with delightful views, in a prime residential, city centre street. Recently run as a successful AirBnB, it is also ideal for long-term letting or a lovely foothold within Georgian Bath."
Set within this fine Grade 2 listed period house is this two bedroom apartment with a roof terrace affording fantastic views of leafy Lyncombe Vale. The vendor has already found a property which is the top of chain.
We are delighted to bring to market this sleek and modern first floor apartment in the popular Riverside development. The Palladian is situated just a short level walk away from the city centre and is close multiple transport links and local shops. The property also boasts good views over Bath an...
"A central, two bedroom apartment on the first floor within the highly sought after and unique Caxton Court within a stones throw of both the historic centre of Bath and Pulteney Bridge. No onward chain. (Approximately 646 sq ft / 60 sq m)"
"A central Grade II listed two-bedroom apartment, boasting a walled private rear garden"
A beautifully appointed modern two double bedroom apartment situated in the desirable area of Combe Down to the south of Bath City Centre. The property forms part of the award winning Mulberry Park Development and boasts light and airy accommodation along with garaging.
"A charming two bedroom cottage located in the popular village of South Stoke, Bath. A large south facing garden, spectacular countryside views and a south facing decking area accompany accommodation which briefly comprises of a well sized sitting room, a modern kitchen, a downstairs w/c, two d..."
"BRAND NEW coach house apartment with two-bedrooms. Spacious kitchen/living/dining area for open-plan living. Two double bedrooms - one with en-suite, and a separate bathroom. One allocated parking space."
"A bright and elevated apartment set just a few minutes from Widcombe shopping parade and Bath Spa train station. Offering 2 bedrooms, fine views, allocated parking, garage and no onward chain."
A courtyard apartment situated within a Grade I listed Georgian building in the heart of Bath.
"A stunning ground floor garden apartment, beautifully maintained and refurbished to a high standard, backing Kensington Meadows and situated within easy reach of both the City centre and Larkhall Village."
A beautifully presented maisonette comprising the ground and first floors of this pretty end terrace Victorian property. Conveniently located at the end of a no through road and close to many local amenities. Comfortable walking distance to city centre. Long leasehold of 999 years. 
Light and spacious one bedroom apartment on the banks of the river.
"This beautifully presented three bedroom end of terrace house is situated in Odd Down, a popular location with some wonderful far reaching views. The property benefits from gas central hea..."
A fantastic three bedroom mid terraced house with garage and parking.
" A well presented, particularly spacious apartment with 2 double bedrooms and a very large living room, contained within a grand and imposing Victorian house and most conveniently located just a short walk from the centre of Bath. ACCOMMODATION kitchen 19’ x 15’1 living room ..."
"Ideal investment property, sold with good tenants in situ until at least October 2023. A recently modernised three-bedroom mid-terrace home situated in a good area close to amenities and transport links. The property is spacious and offers a hallway, a sitting room overlooking the..."
"This apartment is on the top floor of an impressive Georgian building, Hayes Mount was designed by architect Thomas Jelly who developed a series of villas on the street, making use of the spectacular views was a key aim. Entering the handsome building via the communal gardens you will find the la..."
"Set within in a Grade II* Listed Georgian townhouse, this one bedroom garden apartment with a green area in front of the crescent that was originally a formal garden for the residents, and the riverside towpath within walking distance as well as Bath City Centre."
"A recently refurbished, nicely presented 3-bedroom family home with off-street parking and private garden in a popular location."
A recent refurbishment of a spacious bright and airy 2 double bedroom maisonette apartment just off St. James's Square.
*Central Location* *Open Plan Living Space* *NO CHAIN* *Two Double Bedrooms* *Dual Aspect Windows* *Beautifully Light & Modern* *Built in Appliances* *Long Lease* 
"This spacious two bedroom apartment is located in one of Bath's finest converted riverside mills. The development complete with central courtyard space grants convenient access to everything Bath has to offer. Light, bright and airy with a peaceful and serene ambience."
2 Double Bedrooms | Balcony | Vaults | Private Entrance | Parking. 713 sqft. Great Investment Opportunity 
A beautiful two double bedroom two reception 773sqft Edwardian terrace with a fabulous mature 58ft x 14ft west facing garden.
"A two bedroom maisonette in a fantastic location 0.2 miles away from Bath Spa train station with a garden, garage and one further parking space."
"High ceilings first floor apartment on a lovely pedestrianised street in the heart of the city centre only 0.3 miles from train station. Two double bedrooms, sitting room, separate kitchen, a large hallway and a bathroom. No onward chain."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN. A delightful and airy Grade II listed, one bedroom lower maisonette, located in the heart of Bath within walking distance of all the excellent amenities the city has to offer. Period character and remains of 999 year lease. Kitchen/diner and sitting room. "
"A two bedroom apartment, situated on the upper floor of a grade II listed Georgian townhouse. The home has views across Bath Rugby's playing fields and to the hills beyond. Internally the home comprises a spacious entrance hall with fitted cupboards, lounge, kitchen breakfast room, two bedrooms w..."
"A spacious, first-floor, one-bedroom apartment within this purpose-built retirement development with a double-width terrace overlooking the Lam Brook."
"We are proud to present this stylish top floor apartment in the highly sought after Brock Street. This elegant property can be found less than a minutes’ walk away from, and is the linking street between, the landmark addresses of The Circus and the Royal Crescent. The apartment comprises of mode..."
A beautifully bright and spacious one bedroom retirement apartment on the second floor with a Juliet balcony. ONE HOUR OF DOMESTIC ASSISTANCE INCLUDED PER WEEK. Onsite Bistro restaurant serving delicious meals.
A SUPER ONE BEDROOM SOUTH WEST FACING SECOND FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT with Balcony overlooking the garden.
*3 Bedroomed Terrace House* *Located in Quiet Cul De Sac* *Conservatory* *Front Garden Laid to Lawn* Enclosed Back Garden* *No Onward Chain*
"An attractive and charming period house in a convenient and sought after residential area yards from local shops, Royal United Hospital and just two or so miles from the city centre."
"Charming one-bedroom, Georgian mews house in the centre of Bath"
"A distinctive, beautifully designed city centre lift serviced one bedroom apartment, with elegant period detail. As well as a fantastic open living space, a 14' ceiling height, and stunning bay window creating lots of natural light."
This delightful Grade II Listed two bedroom top floor Georgian Apartment located in Bath City Centre is a must view.
A four bedroom property terraced property with the added benefit of a conservatory and off street parking.
Recently refurbished throughout two bedroom first floor apartment with lift access and delightful outlook.
NO ONWARD CHAIN. An excellent ground and lower ground floor maisonette with courtyard garden within this Grade II listed Georgian townhouse. Benefits from plenty of period character. Sitting room and kitchen/breakfast room. Conveniently located on the edge of Bath's city centre 
"We are delighted to present this spacious one-bedroom apartment in the sought-after Widcombe Crescent. Boasting stunning views over Bath, this first floor apartment comprises: large open plan sitting room/ kitchen, double bedroom and bathroom."
A newly refurbished 2-bedroom maisonette located in a highly prized residential area just off St James’s Square and within easy walking distance of Bath city centre.
"Allen and Harris are bringing to market this three bedroom semi-detached home decorated to a high contemporary standard throughout also with both garden spaces low maintenance, located on the southern side of Bath, within a short drive into the town centre."
"An impressive and elegant one bedroom apartment forming part of a Grade II listing building. Open plan living/dining/kitchen, large double bedroom with a range of built in storage, modern shower room. No onward chain."
"Enjoying superb countryside views and sunny west facing gardens, a solid and sensible end terraced corner plot 850sqft family home."
"A 1950s extended mid-terrace property, offering two double bedrooms and off-street parking."
A very well presented second floor 1 bedroom apartment located in the heart of the city with attractive roof top view over centre of Bath.
A superb 1 bedroom apartment opposite the Theatre Royal in the heart of Bath. First floor with a wealth of features.
"A spacious one-bedroom apartment in Bath’s most iconic Grade II listed landmark building, enjoying wonderful views over the River Avon and City of Bath from its private balcony"
"This fantastic 2-bedroom, self-contained apartment is situated on Brunswick Street and only a short level walk into the city centre. Spanning the first floor of a Victorian terrace, this versatile, freehold apartment has been recently renovated and blends modern and period features seamlessly. "
"A three bedroom end of terraced house in need of modernisation and offering excellent extension potential, situated on the edge of Larkhall Village and in a lovely spot overlooking playing fields."
"*An immaculate first floor apartment located in Brunswick Street, close to Bath City Centre* *Light and Airy Open Plan Living Area* *High Spec Modern Kitchen and Bathroom* *Two Double Bedrooms* *Share of Freehold*"
"A distinctive ground floor garden apartment, which is beautifully presented throughout and is perfectly situated close to the heart of the City centre. NO ONWARD CHAIN."
Elegantly proportioned one double bedroom apartment in a Georgian townhouse in this very desirable central location just off St. James's Square.
"NO ONWARD CHAIN In need of modernisation/refurbishing, this three bedroom family home in Odd Down has plenty of potential. Three Bedrooms, Family Bathroom, Kitchen, Lounge and Conservatory. Small Front Garden and Good Sized South West Facing Rear Garden, with Patio, Lawn and Sheds. Poten..."
"Situated in the heart of the city centre is this top floor apartment. A modern and bright apartment with two good sized bedrooms, this property has a lot to offer. In the sought after location of Philip Street, you cannot get more central than this. The property comprises: open plan sitting room ..."
"A modern & spacious 2 bedroom home situated within close proximity to local schooling, transport links and amenities. With the added benefit of front & rear gardens and a 'ready to move into' finish this is a fantastic proposal for both First Time Purchase & Downsizing alike."
"An impressive, well presented two bedroom top floor apartment in this renowned late Georgian terrace, situated just to the north east of the City centre."
"A two bedroom late Georgian terraced house Listed Grade II, situated in a secluded, well screened position away from traffic yet only 0.5 mile from The Paragon, on the north eastern fringe of the City centre"
"A spacious first floor apartment contained within an elegant Listed Georgian townhouse in this highly convenient, popular and central location. The property offers particularly light, spacious accommodation and enjoys a pleasing open view to both front and rear. LOCATION Sydney Place stands a..."
"An attractive 3 storey late 18th Century terraced house in this most convenient yet tucked away location in the heart of Batheaston. NB There is no garden. LOCATION The house occupies a popular and handy location, at the end of a small no through road off the High Street. It is close to the v..."
"A well-proportioned two bedroom garden apartment situated within this much admired Grade II Listed Georgian terrace, backing onto the renowned Kensington Meadows and located between the City centre and Larkhall village."
An attractive two double bedroom character cottage situated right in the heart of Batheaston Village with all amenities on the doorstep and with the rare benefit of a private parking space.
"This spacious one bedroom Grade II Listed apartment is set on the ground floor of this excellent former Georgian townhouse that makes up 'Wessex House' with period details throughout including high ceilings, cornice work and original cast iron fireplace feature."
"One of only three stunning, newly renovated, Grade II listed 1 bedroom apartments in the centre of Bath, currently used for holiday letting"
A fabulous one bedroom first floor Georgian apartment situated on Walcot Parade. The property boasts well balanced light and airy accommodation offered to the market with no onward chain.
Hollis Morgan – MARCH LIVE ONLINE AUCTION - A Leasehold MODERN TERRACED HOUSE ( 841 Sq Ft ) in good order with PARKING and REDUCED PRICE FOR AUCTION and flexible 3 / 4 bed accommodation.
"Please quote reference RM0334.  A fantastic light and bright two bedroom garden flat.  Accommodation includes kitchen/ Sitting room, Bathroom, two double bedrooms and a lovely garden.  The property is offered with no onward chain. The property occupies a most convenient ..."
"A spacious grade two listed, one bedroom apartment in central Bath offering panoramic views, set in a beautiful period building."
The Apartment Company welcome to the market this sleek two bedroom top floor apartment in the sought-after Great Stanhope Street. This property boasts the convenience and style of modern living while being situated in the grand Georgian centre of Bath.
***VIEWINGS FROM SATURDAY 11th MARCH BY APPOINTMENT **** A Semi-detached house located at the end of a cul-de-sac with wonderful views across the city of Bath towards Lansdown. This house is being offered without an onward chain and has previously been used as a rental property due to its mod...
"An ideal 'Pied de terre', this 1 bed 1st floor flat is situated at the heart of the Georgian city centre in one of Bath's premier residential locations. Ideal for downsizer , weekender or FTB. Also a tried and tested investment apartment with proven track record. Vacant possession. No onward chain."
"A two bedroom first floor apartment in a converted elegant Grade II listed building. The property finish is modern and well presented throughout with its own private roof terrace garden. Should suit first time buyers, downsizers and investors alike with no onward chain."
"With its own front door and two upper floors of accommodation, this two bedroom maisonette feels like a house within a house."
"No Onward Chain Vendor will pay stamp duty for offers of asking price Very Well Presented, Two Bedroom, Level Access Apartment: Through Communal Front Door to Communal Hallway, With Stairs to First Floor. The Apartment Is Found To The Right Of These Stairs on the ground floor. On..."
A private entrance apartment with two double bedrooms and its very own rear garden. The properties are being renovated to a high standard and also offers an allocated off street parking space.
Superb southerly views over Norfolk Crescent green from the front of this beautifully spacious 625sqft top floor city apartment. Sole Agents. EPC rating- E. Council tax band- B.
"A three bedroom mid terraced family home with off street parking and views to the back, a perfect starter home or investment."
"An excellent opportunity has arisen to purchase this spacious 3 bedroomed end of terraced family home situated in the most popular Sulis Meadows development on the south side of Bath, with off road parking, through lounge/diner and gardens to front & rear. An early inspection is highly recommended. "
"Allen and Harris are delighted to bring you this One Bedroom Ground Floor Apartment, that is located directly within the City of Bath, also providing a rear courtyard garden and allocated parking space."
Cleveland Place West is on the junction to the east of the city centre offering a brilliant location for an amble into town via the eclectic mix of shops on Walcot Street. This one bedroom home has good sized rooms and a small area of garden to the rear. No chain.
"Allen and Harris are bringing to market this two bedroom semi-detached property, conveniently positioned on the south western side of Bath with easy access to Bristol and surrounding villages."
"A two bed, semi-detached property with off road parking and a south-westerly facing garden, perfect for a first time buyer or investor."
A three bedroom first floor flat offering versatile accommodation with parking and garage in Larkhall.
"A simply stunning one bedroom first floor flat close to the heart of the City at Bathwick, providing light, beautifully presented living space, combining both traditional and contemporary elements in its design."
A modern top floor apartment set within this handsome Georgian Townhouse set in the heart of the city centre.
"This contemporary open plan apartment sits on the highly sought after riverside complex which offers a modern community lifestyle setting, with coffee shops and attractive communal areas ,riverside walks and the heart of the city along with mainline rail links is right on the doorstep."
BEAUTIFULLY PROPORTIONED FIRST FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT with exceptional views over the lovely Limpley Stoke valley. NO CHAIN.
A well-presented one bedroom apartment in this impressive building on Great Pulteney Street. Level walk into the centre of Bath. Residents restricted to over 55 years old
A one bedroom Georgian ground floor flat with garden to the rear being sold with no onward chain.
"Conveniently situated in a popular development of flats set away from traffic yet close to amenities at Larkhall, an impressive three bedroom top floor balconied flat with garage and long lease."
Hollis Morgan – MARCH LIVE ONLINE AUCTION - A Freehold SEMI DETACHED HOUSE ( 772 Sq Ft ) in need of BASIC UPDATING occupying a larger than average elevated CORNER PLOT.
100% ownership. No onward chain. A one bedroom apartment In Minerva Court with lift access on the second floor 0.4 miles from Bath City Centre.
End of terrace family home needing modernisation with no onward chain in the popular Larkhill area and we are now booking in viewings. Please note that this property is being sold through the Modern Method of Auction please see Auction notes below.
"A one bedroom retirement apartment for the over 55's. Situated in Minerva Court, popular due to its city centre location and proximity to Henrietta Park. The home is on the first floor and can be access via a lift. Internally the apartment has a spacious feel with wide entrance hall with storage ..."
A smart well presented light and airy second floor apartment with the benefit of a delightful walled south west communal garden and enjoying pleasant open views to the front and rear in a prime central position just a few minutes walk from the centre of Bath.
"Allen and Harris are happy to bring to market this two bedroom ground floor apartment set within a modern block on the St Martins Court just on the outskirts of Combe Down, and is decorated to a good standard."
We are happy to offer a two-bedroom semi-detached home with no onward chain and a great position for access in and out of the city.
"Charming one bedroom terraced house with garden, set in the popular area of Combe Down"
Hollis Morgan – MARCH LIVE ONLINE AUCTION - A Freehold SEMI DETACHED HOUSE ( 772 Sq Ft ) in need of BASIC UPDATING occupying a larger than average elevated CORNER PLOT with development potential stc.
A no chain 928sqft semi detached BISF three bedroom home in excellent order with a generous west facing 46ft x 28ft rear garden.
" Built around ten years ago and located right in the heart of the city centre, this one-bedroom purpose built apartment is offered with no onward chain. Currently used as an investment property, but equally it would make a great first-time purchase, the flat is superbly presented and benefits fr..."
"This modern, recently refurbished apartment offers a great investment opportunity with tenants in situ until August 2023 at an 6.6% return. The apartment has been tastefully completed to provide comfortable and stylish accommodation. Positioned on the ground floor, this apartment is en..."
"This modern, recently refurbished apartment not only offers a great investment opportunity with tenants in situ until July 2023 at a 6.6% return. The apartment has been tastefully completed to provide comfortable and stylish accommodation. Positioned on the first floor, this apartment..."
"Please quote reference RM0334.  A two bedroom mid terraced house found on a no through road in the popular location of Sulis Meadows to the south of Bath. The property benefits from light, well balanced accommodation set over two floors with two allocated parking spaces and a le..."
"This property is for sale by the Modern Method of Auction. Should you view, offer or bid on the property, your information will be shared with the Auctioneer, iamsold Limited. This method of auction requires both parties to complete the transaction within 56 days of the draft contract for sa..."
A really smart one bedroom flat within a short walk of the City and enjoying an open outlook across Cleveland Bridge towards Bathwick and beyond.
"On entering the property, the hallway gives you access to all rooms and provides a handy storage cupboard, housing the combi boiler. The living area is generous in size allowing room for both seating and dining furniture. Twin sash windows bring ample natural light and incredible views over the c..."
Great view from this three bedroom first floor apartment with an enclosed balcony and garage. Modernising required but priced accordingly. 
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, can be found this excellently presented one bedroom Over 55's apartment. The apartment is situated within the popular 'Minerva Court' development, found on St Johns Road, only a short walk away from the city centre and the idyllic Henrietta ..."
Two double bedroom apartment with allocated off road parking
Beautifully presented one bedroom apartment looking out over the River Avon
Vulcan House is conveniently located within easy reach of Pulteney Bridge. The two bedroom maisonette offers tremendous accommodation and the opportunity to renovate to taste. The address includes extensive gardens to the rear and the light and airy home further offers a lovely outlook.
"An appealing, well maintained and improved split level two/three bedroom maisonette with a PRIVATE GARDEN, situated in a traffic-free close around half a mile from Larkhall Village High Street (LET TO AUG '23 - £1200 pcm)."
"A two bedroom, ground floor, retirement apartment in central Bath"
"We are proud to bring to market this well presented second floor apartment in the beautiful Georgian terrace of Grosvenor Place. This property would make a great investment or first home. Located on the East side of the city, providing easy access to the M4 and being only a short walk to the city..."
"Situated in an enviable position in Margaret's Buildings between the Royal Crescent and the Circus in central Bath. The apartment is on the top floor of a grade II listed building and is offered with vacant possession. Internally the home offers a spacious 13' x 11'8 living room, separate kitchen..."
"A grade II listed, first floor apartment with open plan living accommodation in Bath city centre."
" Offered to the market with no onward chain, can be found this upper floor, two bedroom apartment, situated in a popular residential area within Odd Down. The property benefits from sizeable room proportions and comprises an entrance hall, a bright & spacious lounge/diner, fitted kitchen, famil..."
Superb first floor one bedroom apartment in this up-market-Georgian-style apartment building in central Bath. 
" Offered to the market with no onward chain can be found this one bedroom ground floor & first floor maisonette, benefitting from a private garden. Located in Lower Weston, near the local amenities of Chelsea Road & on the doorstep of the Bath to Bristol cycle path, this perfectly formed home i..."
"A Grade II listed; second floor, one bedroom apartment situated in a central location."
" A light and airy top floor apartment in this highly convenient and popular location adjacent to the city centre. Contained within an elegant double fronted Listed Georgian townhouse, the property enjoys a lovely widespread and open view in front, across Cleveland Bridge and to the Southern hill..."
A one bedroom second floor apartment with views looking over Kensington Meadow's with great access in and out of the city.
Tastefully presented ground floor one bedroom apartment in this prestigious Georgian-style apartment building in central Bath. 
A charming one bedroom apartment situated in the heart of Larkhall with communal off road parking. No onward chain.
"We are proud to offer this One Bedroom Ground Floor Flat in a Grade II Listed Building – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £215,000 - £240,000*"
"A light and airy, third floor one bedroom apartment forming part of the desirable Moorings retirement development. The property boasts well balanced accommodation and is conveniently located on the much sought after Bathwick Hill. Offered with No Onward Chain"
Superbly presented and upgraded one bedroom apartment on the first floor of this sought-after building in central Bath.
"Situated on Great Stanhope Street in Bath City centre. Forming part of a grade II listed Georgian building and providing level access the main centre. The apartment is on the second floor and comprises entrance hall, living room, separate kitchen, double bedroom, bathroom and separate wc."
"BRAND NEW Park Home (30'x16') Park Home | Fully Furnished | Located on a Wonderful, Established Residential Park In The Stunning Countryside | Traditional Home With Luxury Interior Design | Retirement Property For The Over 50's | Safe and Secure Community | Pet Friendly | Part Exchange Available"
"This grade II listed second floor flat is conveniently located within walking distance from the various amenities in the city centre on New King Street, providing a great opportunity to any prospective buyer. CURRENTLY TENANTED UNTIL END OF FEBRUARY FOR £750pcm"
A ground floor apartment within this attractive Grade II listed building including a communal garden and parking.
"An appealing second floor studio flat forming part of a conversion of a fine Georgian townhouse, situated in the heart of the City close to Cleveland Bridge, Sydney and Henrietta Gardens and the canal towpath."
"A superb well presented one bedroom ground floor flat with private terrace garden, situated in an outstanding location close to the heart of Larkhall village and with stunning views across the recreation ground."
"Well-presented top floor apartment, set on the sought after Newbridge Road"
Luxurious hotel-like living awaits the new owner of this one bedroom apartment in central Bath.
"Perfectly placed for city access, a superbly light high ceilinged 425sqft ground floor one bedroom apartment in excellent order."
"A purpose built one bedroom apartment located on the London Road. An ideal investment property or for a first time buyer, benefiting from private off street parking for one car."
This attractive studio apartment within the acclaimed Coachworks development just on the edge of the city centre. Communal garden. Perfect for a first time buyer or an investment buyer. Tenant in situ until 23 July 2023.
"A stylish and contemporary studio in the heart of Bath, forming part of a historic crescent in the city centre."
Savour the stunning westward views from the balcony of this 459sqft first floor one bedroom apartment.
"A beautifully presented studio apartment situated in the sought after area of Larkhall. Well equipped apartment with a modern kitchen and shower room, gas central heating. Off road parking for one vehicle, communal garden. No onward chain."
"A well appointed top floor apartment in this sought after development off Weston High Street. The accommodation includes a hall, living room, bedroom, bathroom and fitted kitchen. There are excellent communal facilities which include award winning gardens, laundry room, residents lounge and there..."
"Refreshingly spacious purpose built ground/garden level, two bedroom retirement apartment in a popular development on Lansdown Lane above Weston Village and on a regular bus link into both Weston and Bath City Centre. For the over 55's this is an ideal opportunity for those wanting a larger t..."
An exciting opportunity to acquire this parcel of land measuring approx. 0.15 acres close to Alice Park in Lower Swainswick and just a short stroll from the amenities of Larkhall on the east side of the city. The plot sits behind both 61 Gloucester Road and The Old Post Office. Whilst we can arra...
"Situated within a pleasant community in a sought after and peaceful development for the over 55's, is this two double bedroom detached property which offers a modern finish throughout and benefits from no onward chain."
"A ground floor retirement apartment in a purpose built development The development benefits from communal facilities provided for the use and enjoyment of all residents including a residents lounge, kitchen/dining room and further sitting rooms on the upper floors plus communal gardens a..."
"A top floor retirement apartment in a purpose built development. The development benefits from communal facilities provided for the use and enjoyment of all residents, including a resident’s lounge, kitchen-dining room and further sitting rooms on the upper floors plus communal gardens ..."
"A first floor retirement apartment in a purpose built development, overlooking the front of the development. The development benefits from communal facilities provided for the use and enjoyment of all residents, including a resident’s lounge, kitchen-dining room and further sitting room..."
Hollis Morgan – APRIL LIVE ONLINE AUCTION – A Freehold DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY comprising a RANK OF 3 GARAGES and GARDENS ( 0.05 a ) with access from Bennets Lane.
"A well appointed, 1 bedroom apartment within this popular retirement development on the edge of Bath. Private Hall, Living Room, Bedroom, Kitchen and Bathroom Suite. There are excellent communal facilities to include; Parking, a Reading Room, Guest Room, Social Lounge / Dining Room and Communal K..."
"This well-maintained first floor studio flat sits in an elegant Victorian house, offering typically high ceilings, a separate shower room with kitchen to corner and the large windows also supply a good amount of light to the main room. Located on Newbridge Road you have an abundance of amenities"
"A well presented fully self contained studio flat on the doorsteps of the city's shops and facilities. Recently refurbished, perfect investment for a cash buyer. Currently tenanted until July 2023."
This one bedroom apartment features ample storage throughout and parking just to the front of the building. Within close proximity to local amenities and transport links creating a great chance for any investment or first time buyer.
"A Ground Floor retirement apartment within a purpose built development. The development has the advantage of communal facilities provided for the use and enjoyment of all residents including a resident’s lounge, kitchen-dining room and further sitting rooms on the upper floors plus communal gar..."
"A two bedroom detached Park home for the over 55's in the popular Quarry Rock Gardens development at Claverton Down, close to National Trust land and the University of Bath."
" Situated within easy reach of the Royal United Hospital, Chelsea Road & Bath city centre, can be found a selection of four private parking spaces available to purchase. Accessed via a secure fob entry system and benefitting from a secure arm barrier, these spaces are an ideal investment opportu..."
"RARE OPPORTUNITY AVAILABLE TO PURCHASE A GARAGE IN THE CITY CENTRE OF BATH! Taking offers from the 27th February. New to the market a single garage in very close proximately to Great Pulteney Street, Henrietta Gardens and the city centre. Perfect for storage or pa..."
"Single garage with up and over door, within the village of Larkhall, east of the city centre of Bath."
" Situated within easy reach of the Royal United Hospital, Chelsea Road & Bath city centre, can be found a selection of secure, private parking spaces available to purchase. Accessed via a fob entry system and benefitting from a secure arm barrier, these spaces are ideal for those wanting peace o..."
"For sale by public auction. Wednesday 29th March 2023, 12pm. The Theatre, The Royal Bath and West Showground, Shepton Mallet. Bidding in person, via livestream or by proxy. Auction Guide Price £12,000 to £15,000*.  Approx 1.14 acres of woodland close to the outskirts of Bath.&..."
"AN EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM PROPERTY ideal for families and benefitting from a south westerly facing LARGE REAR GARDEN. Situated WITHIN EASY REACH OF LOCAL SCHOOLS, SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES. The accommodation briefly comprises: GROUND FLOOR: HALLWAY, RECEPTION ROOM, EXTENDED LIVING ROOM, EXTENDED DININ..."
A stunning six bedroom period family home with a one bedroom annexe and a separate home office suite above the garage. Approached directly from St. Marys Road this handsome and imposing Victorian family home sits behind a low-level red brick wall. The in-and-out drive provides ample parking for ...
"Residential Apartment Conversion Opportunity - 0.715 Acre High Street Site, Set Over 58,262 SqFt. The property comprises of 3 Retail Units of 10,262 Sqft & 48,000 Of Office Space & 40 Parking Spaces (approx). Sold  STP With 47 APARTMENTS"
"A handsome detached home on one of Edgbaston’s most prestigious roads offering excellent family accommodation set in a lovely 0.5-acre garden. There is planning consent for a two-storey side and single-storey extension to the right-hand side of the property, details of which are available upon r..."
"A handsome detached house, located in one of Edgbaston´s most prestigious roads, offering excellent family accommodation including elegant reception rooms, a beautiful orangery, a fine fully fitted kitchen with adjoining utility area, cloakroom, integral garaging, store and gardener´s w..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY GENERATING A YIELD OF 11.18% We are delighted to offer an investment opportunity of 38 HMO studios in the heart of Bearwood. It is a freehold opportunity, with offers being invited in excess of £2.400,000, with the property having an ERV of £269,500 including £700 ground ..."
"This investment opportunity comprises of 11 fully-let city centre apartments across 6 blocks, with a freehold block included. The current rental income is £124,260 per annum and is being offered for £2,400,000, representing a net initial yield of 4.87%."
"A detached residence of considerable character and stature, offering an impressive 6,437 sq ft (598 sq m) of accommodation all set within a magnificent south-facing plot of approximately 0.6 acre. ..."
"An outstanding Gentleman's Residence having been fully restored to its former glory dating back to circa 1823 located in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter. Being beautifully interior designed throughout, the accommodation offers five double bedrooms, three reception rooms, three bathrooms plus o..."
A fabulous opportunity to acquire a freehold block of 6 flats in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter!
"Proudly positioned on this wonderful leafy cul-de-sac, Birch Hollow offers the discerning buyer a prestigious executive home, which has been completely rebuilt to a very high standard"
An executive and immaculately presented detached residence situated in this sought-after location within the heart of Edgbaston. The enviable six/seven bedroom property provides over 3300 square feet of internal accommodation which combines a vast array of luxury living accommodation along with a...
"A huge opportunity to acquire a stunning 1.86 acre plot (approx.) surrounded by rolling countryside yet with easy access to the Midlands motorway network and local amenities within both Barnt Green, Alvechurch and Longbridge. Currently, the plot contains a substantial 4,632 sq. ft de..."
"An exquisite family home located on the Shirley/Hollywood border. The property balances modern living with traditional features throughout. This five bedroom, four bathroom property with an additional self contained two bedroom, one bathroom annexe, ideal for multi-generational families or home w..."
"An exquisite family home located on the Shirley/Hollywood border. The property balances modern living with traditional features throughout. This five-bedroom, four-bathroom property includes an additional self-contained two-bedroom, one-bathroom annexe, ideal for multi-generational families or ho..."
"Welcome to Harvington, built at the turn of nineteenth century, the iconic ""Harvington"" was one of the first properties completed on the prestigious and now highly sought-after St. Agnes Road. Originally purchased by brass foundry owner, Samuel Mason, in 1893 the well-respected local family retai..."
A rare opportunity to acquire one of Hagley Roads most exceptional detached residences. This sizeable period home offers a very generous living space throughout totalling over 6600 square feet and has...
"Welcome to this superbly presented and spacious five/six bedroom detached family residence in a prime Edgbaston location, the property offers four reception areas, four bath/shower rooms, double garage, rear garden and the beauty of annexe style accommodation ideal for large or co-habiting famili..."
A beautiful detached family residence located on a private cul-de-sac off the Hagley Road and Hamilton Avenue junction. The wonderful home provides excellent living and entertaining space and is arran...
"A development opportunity situated in the fast improving Digbeth location overlooking Highgate Park, with planning for 29 residential apartments with GIA of 19,623 Sq Ft (1,23 Sqm) Schedule available upon request. APPLICATION NUMBER: 2018/01177/PA"
"Discreetly set back from the old Birmingham Road on a private leafy lane, 44 Abbey Mount is perched up on the slopes of the Lickey Hills in the country village of Lickey - affording this home with views spanning across the Worcestershire countryside"
A substantial 5 bedroom detached residence in need of modernisation located on the well positioned Hagley Road West. This most attractive home occupies an excellent plot and offers generous proportion...
Stunning Georgian property with 4 individual Luxury Apartments & 1 Grand 2 bed apartment. Located on this quiet cul-de-sac
"Detached family home with 3 double bedrooms plus a study/dressing room. The current owner has carried out extensive improvements to the property over the past 10 years including the addition of a new roof, the walls and ceilings have been re-plastered, the casement windows have been re-paned and..."
"An impressive 6 bedroom detached home occupying an enviable plot on this popular road in Harborne. The accommodation, which extends to approx. 3,200 sq ft is set over two floors. Approached..."
"Earn 21.7% price appreciation by 2024 by investing in B1 City Centre, luxury apartments. Starting from just £175,000. A419"
"Below Market Value - Invest from £100,000 in off plan apartments Birmingham's popular residential zone close to the train station and road links.A636"
A handsome and beautifully presented 6 bed Edwardian detached house situated in a quiet cul de sac and with benefit of planning permission for rear kitchen extension. ...
"AN EXCEPTIONAL FAMILY HOME. Set within this prime residential location is this handsome double fronted detached family house occupying a generous plot and offering six double bedroom accommodation retaining a wealth of original character features and benefiting from three elegant reception rooms,..."
"A truly stunning 'New York' style, duplex apartment inone of Birmingham's most luxury developments, Concord House. Located within the heart of the City, Concord house is a stone's throw away from Birmingham New Street train station, Bullring shopping centre and Brindley Place. The accommodation..."
"Nestled within the semi-rural area of Majors Green, near Wythall and on the outskirts of Shirley, Blounts Hole Stable is a characterful and well positioned five bedroom detached barn conversion, situated on a generous 0.5 acre plot with additional 3.5 acre field adjoining. The property, which ..."
"An exceptional detached family home set within this prime residential location with lovely open aspect to the front and offering beautifully presented character accommodation with six/seven bedroom accommodation and enjoying versatile reception space, off road parking, triple tandem garage and ma..."
"The Gold Collection is proud to offer this outstanding, fully renovated 5 bedroom detached home, ideally positioned on the semi-rural and highly sought-after Lea Green Lane."
A stunning & wonderful family home offering exceptionally large living accommodation throughout combined with opulent and contemporary features - making it a very unique property. As you enter the...
This magnificent penthouse offers premium living accommodation with wraparound terrace benefitting from a Southerly aspect. Due for completion Summer 2023.
"A stunning four bedroom, luxury detached home forming part of the exclusive gated Middleton Collection at Beaufort. Ready for occupation Q2 2023."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a large family home set in 0.52 acres in need of complete refurbishment with development potential (subject to obtaining planning and all necessary consents). The site
The site offers potential development opportunities (subject to planning and all necessary consen..."
"The three retail lock up units located on Erdington High Street with rental income: £97,500.9.75% RENTAL YIELD"
"A substantial and most attractive Victorian semi-detached house offering in total an impressive 3,805 sq ft (354 sq m) of accommodation including two large reception rooms, fabulous kitchen/diner, six bedrooms, three bath/shower rooms plus a separate one bedroomed annexe. All set within a stunnin..."
"An impressive three storey modern detached family home, located on the edge of Cannon Hill Park and therefore superbly situated for access to the City Centre & Moseley Village. With five double bedrooms the property benefits from four bath/shower rooms, spacious dining kitchen/family room, co..."
"A superb four bedroom detached residence boasting approximately 2,576 sq. ft of accommodation which has been sympathetically extended and refurbished by the current owners enjoying in particular three generous reception rooms, stunning open plan kitchen/dining/family room and ma..."
An immaculately presented and extended four bedroom detached residence located within the highly regarded Redrow Development in Harborne. This upgraded family home provides fantastic open-plan living quarters along with a wonderful outlook across the leafy landscape of Knightlow Park. Within clos...
"A beautifully presented modern detached house with open parkland to the front. Living room, kitchen/breakfast room with open-plan dining room off plus extended orangery. Four bedrooms, three bath/shower rooms. Driveway parking and integral garage. ..."
6 Large Bedrooms | 4 Bathrooms | Spacious Property | Amazing Location | FAMILY HOME | Large Rear Garden | Close to Schools and Moseley Village | Modern Interior Design Throughout | Under Floor Heating in Kitchen | Ample Parking
"Three HMO properties on a single plot; A student let, a professional let and a project with potential to develop to the rear and side. Offered freehold and with pending C4 status.  "
"A beautifully presented detached house with stunning south-west facing gardens. Accommodation extending in all to 2,556 sq ft including entrance porch, reception hall, large kitchen/diner, living room, study, utility, cloakroom, master bedroom with en suite, two further first floor bedrooms and a..."
"Nestled within a private plot of over six acres, Groveley Hall is a grand four double bedroom country residence with 17th century origins, set in the grounds of the original Groveley Hall, which dated back to the 13th century. This impressive dwelling, full of charm, boasts period feature..."
This spacious family home was designed by award-winning architect Gavin Orton and is finished to an exceptional standard using the highest quality materials from award-winning suppliers. The front door opens to a lovely light and bright reception hallway. The wooden floor adds a feeling of warmt...
*** Rare Opportunity – Ideal Family Home (Subject To Allowing Current Tenancy To End July 2024) – Also Available As A Student Tenanted Property – Prestige Location *** Oakmans are delighted to offer a unique opportunity to purchase a detached property situated on a popular road in Selly ...
This spectacular mansion-style apartment has been finished to the highest of standards while retaining the character features found within the neo-classical Weston House.
"A contemporary and truly stunning five bedroom detached family home, built in 2018, offered with an open plan kitchen/diner, generous lounge, study providing ideal space to work from home, two en suites, new flooring throughout, rear garden and off road parking with a detached double garage, s..."
"Birmingham city centre apartments 450m from the Bullring shopping centre from £110,995. A415"
"A beautifully presented, fully renovated four-bedroom family home, primely located upon this highly desirable road within the prestigious borough of Harborne. The property seamlessly blends modern comfort with period features and timeless elegance. Offering spacious accommodation across thr..."
"An elegant six bedroomed Edwardian family home set on a highly regarded residential road and extending to some 3,059 sq.ft. (284 sq. m.) with a garage and in very close proximity to Cannon Hill Park. Council Tax Band F "
"A stylish modern detached five bedroom home offering beautifully presented and much improved extended family accommodation with four reception rooms & conservatory, three bath/shower rooms and detached double garage with additional parking. EP Rating C"
"Spanning 2,116 SQ FT, this duplex apartment has THREE spacious bedrooms with the option of a FOURTH. Alongside a PRIVATE TERRACE and a generous KITCHEN ISLAND, this apartment is perfect for entertaining and socialising. "
"An Extended Detached Charming Farmhouse Offering Well Presented Family Accommodation With Five Bedrooms & Three Receptions Rooms, Land With Stables, Tack/Store, Menage, Paddocks Ideal Equestrian Interest Set In Secure Grounds Of Around 3.5 Acres."
"A beautifully refurbished detached house with some 3,500 sq.ft. of accommodation which includes open entrance hall, large elegant sitting room with recently built orangery, stunning kitchen with dining area, impressive ground floor master suite, study and office, utility room, cloakroom and acces..."
This unique apartment offers magnificent living accommodation whilst benefitting from beautiful character features including a stained-glass lantern over the spacious kitchen/living area.
"A handsome and well laid out Georgian townhouse extending to some 2,189 sq. ft (203 sq. m), set in an exclusive cul de sac, in a sought-after residential area of Edgbaston. ..."
"An exceptional family home with direct access to Moseley Private Park. Beautifully appointed throughout the seven bedroom accommodation benefits from elegant living/entertaining space, converted basement T.V./Cinema room, off road parking and delightful landscaped gardens. EP Rating E"
A particularly attractive five bedroom detached home built in the year 2000. The property is set within a private road on the edge of Highbury Park and therefore close to popular schools including Camp Hill & Queensbridge. The home is beautifully presented throughout and benefits from three r...
An excellent investment opportunity comprising a BLOCK OF 6 QUALITY SELF CONTAINED FLATS and with a rear parcel of land with PLANNING CONSENT for the erection of a DETACHED BLOCK OF 8 SELF CONTAINED APARTMENTS (Planning Application No 2021/01922/PA - Birmingham City Council).
"Welcome to this stunning five bedroom detached family home situated in a prime Edgbaston cul de sac location and 1600 square feet in size. The property has been extended by current owners and fitted to a high specification, consisting of open plan kitchen/sitting/dining area, living room, tw..."
"Superbly situated in the heart of Moseley Village and with direct access to Moseley Private Park is this outstanding, fully renovated Victorian semi detached family home offering five bedroom character accommodation with stunning contemporary extended kitchen/family/dining room. With off road par..."
A lovely five bedroom detached family home located on a popular residential road in Harborne. Approached directly from Lordswood Road the property sits behind a lovely block paved drive with ample parking for three vehicles. A mid-level brick wall and brick pillar entrance offers privacy and acc...
"A truly stunning, 4 bedroom detached residence on the highly desirable Lordswood Road. Occupying a sizeable plot this beautifully presented home has been sympathetically improved to create a wonderful..."
"This fantastic property is rich with space and features three generous bedrooms with open plan drawing & dining area flooded with natural light. Available immediately, no chain."
"*** Prime Location – Four Bedroom Detached – Available As A Student Investment Property Or Residential Home (Subject To Tenancy Ending July 2024) – Call Oakmans For More Information *** A unique opportunity to purchase a property on a prestige road in Selly Park, offering no chain. The p..."
***INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY***DETACHED***SIX SELF CONTAINED APARTMENTS***FULLY LET***COMMUNAL PARKING***REFURBISHED AND RENOVATED***NO CHAIN***
"An impressive and deceptively spacious 6 double bedroom detached property (partly concrete built), which ideally works as a sizeable four bungalow on one level with a lower ground floor two bedroom self-contained annexe. The main property is offered with an open plan living and kitchen area wi..."
"STUNNING LOFT style homes with LUXURY specification, open plan living, HIGH CEILINGS, SPACIOUS bedrooms, TRIPLE GLAZED windows and secure gated PARKING. Introducing Alben Works by Liv Projekt, a simply stunning development of individually designed brand new loft style homes in an exclusive gated..."
"A superb opportunity to acquire this Grade ll listed four-bedroom Georgian Townhouse in a very convenient Edgbaston location, on the cusp of Birmingham City Centre.
A must view to avoid disappointment! "
"On the market for the first time in 20 years, this stunning property offers 2115 square feet of luxury accommodation in a highly desirable location. Approached over a blocked paved drive w..."
"*BEAUTIFUL PERIOD PROPERTY * GREAT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY* Oakmans are delighted to offer a beautiful period property, situated on the desireable Coppice Road, Moseley. The property is currently fully occupied and used as a 7 individual unit rental accomodation, offering a fan..."
"This amazing three bedroom, four storey townhouse is part of a brand-new collection of nine individually designed loft style homes in a private gated courtyard with exceptional views from the upper floors, inspired by the rich history of the Jewellery Quarter by RIBA award winning architects Sjol..."
"Stunning First Floor Apartment - An exciting development of 44, one and two-bedroom CONTEMPORARY apartments with GREAT living space, SECURE PARKING, JULIET BALCONIES, Located within walking distance to St Paul's Square and The Jewellery Quarter. 250 YEAR LEASEHOLD. Call Or Click Today "
A stunning Grade II listed Georgian townhouse with a magical garden in a convenient location. The front door opens to a light bright reception hallway. The fanlight window above the door provides plenty of natural light and doors radiate to all of the principal reception rooms. There is a useful...
"A superbly presented, Charming 5 bedroom, Victorian family home, located on one of Harborne's most prestigious roads. Accommodation in brief: Walled driveway, Off road parking, Traditional open porch, Entrance hall, Open plan sitting room through to Dining room, Superbly fitted & spacious Kitc..."
"*WONDERFUL FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED ARTS AND CRAFTS FAMILY HOME* Dating to approximately 1906 this superbly situated, Edwardian detached Arts and Crafts family home is set within one of Moseley's most sought-after, leafy areas within Moseley Triangle and St Agnes Conservation Area and offers charmin..."
"Excellent modern detached residence in a prime location. Central heating and double glazing as specified, porch, hall, cloaks/wc, good through lounge, interconnecting dining room, fitted kitchen with appliances, four bedrooms, ensuite dressing area and shower room, bathroom/WC with shower, double..."
"A beautifully presented and considerably improved traditional detached family home, offering delightful four/five bedroom accommodation with two reception rooms and impressive family/entertaining room, off road parking & large garage and mature landscaped gardens. EP Rating C"
"Uniquely designed with light & a sense of freedom at the heart of the development benefitting from countryside views, private sunkan garden with hot tub, open plan living, stylish fitted kitchen and family room with floor to ceiling glazing, four bedrooms, en-suite, family bathroom, guest WC,..."
"A particularly spacious three storey detached family home, set within this prime residential location and offering six double bedroom accommodation with generous reception space, gas central heating, off road parking & garage and extensive south facing rear gardens. EP Rating B"
AUGUSTUS ROAD | Edgbaston | Detached Family Home | Four Bedrooms | Double Garage and Driveway | Conservatory | Large Garden | Downstairs WC | Master En-Suite
"A modern and immaculately presented three bedroom detached residence located within the highly regarded Redrow Development in Harborne. This exclusive property is one of only two ""Leamington lifestyle"" designs offering similar square footage to the four bedroom alternatives, just shy of 1400 int..."
"One of just five executive detached properties built by Bryant Homes in an excellent location set back from the main road. This spacious property has been very well-maintained throughout and briefly comprises two reception rooms, conservatory, breakfast kitchen & utility, detached double garage, ..."
"""Location, location, location"" describes this property perfectly! Located on a quiet CUL-DE-SAC nearby to Harborne High Street with its versatile array of shops, pubs and restaurants. With THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, TWO BATHROOMS, GARAGE and a DRIVEWAY this property ticks all the boxes!"
"A SUBSTANTIAL FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED RESIDENCE within the HIGHLY REGARDED MOSELEY LOCATION offering A WEALTH OF ACCOMMODATION and SUPERB CHARACTERFUL FEATURES including a THROUGH HALLWAY WITH MINTON TILED FLOORING, COVING and MOULDED CEILINGS, there is also a TANKED CELLAR. Briefly comprising: GRO..."
"*** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - EIGHT BEDROOMS - STUDENT TRIANGLE - CHEAP ENERGY BILLS *** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic investment opportunity located on a prime student road within Selly Oak, in close proximity to University of Birmingham, local amenities and transport lin..."
A comprehensively refurbished and beautifully presented FREEHOLD THREE STOREY DETACHED residence offering FIVE BEDROOMS located in a prime part of the much sought after and very well thought of BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST ESTATE. EP Rating D
"The perfect family home ready to move in to with driveway for multiple vehicles and large rear garden. Accommodation comprising of porch, entrance hallway, two reception rooms, shower room, dining room, kitchen and utility are. On the first floor are four bedrooms , a family bathroom and addition..."
"Three storey commercial property + Land to rear. Retail investment accommodation to the ground floor, vacant office space to the upper floors and car parking / land to the rear."
HMO For Sale - Can Be Sold Vacant or With Social Housing Lease
"A fabulous three bedroom, four storey townhouse with two balconies and secure parking is part of a brand-new collection of nine individually designed loft style homes in a private gated courtyard with exceptional views from the upper floors, inspired by the rich history of the Jewellery Quarter b..."
"Offered for sale with No Chain* Refurbish and Modernised Four bedroom Detached Family Residence. Set in a highly desirable residential area close to both Moseley Village and Kings Heath High Streets, this impressive and spacious detached family home benefits from side garage and block paved..."
"A handsome Grade 2 Listed period town house extending to some 2,283 sq. ft. (212 sq. m.), whilst located in a sought after residential area of Edgbaston, with off street parking, garage, and private rear gardens. ..."
MALCOLMSON CLOSE | Edgbaston | Detached House | 4 Bedrooms | 2 Reception rooms | 2 bathrooms | Garage | Driveway | Garden
A stunning five-bedroom period property in a much sought after Edgbaston cul de sac. The property boasts character features befitting of its Arts and Crafts style heritage with character features to compliment the spacious accommodation and large garden to the rear. Internal viewing highly recom...
"For Sale By Public Auction 30 March 2023 A Substantial Three Storey Detached Property with Land to side and rear which may have development potential, subject to obtaining the necessary planning consents"
Below market value Birmingham investments in luxury new-build development with landscaped gardens and concierge for tenants. A543
ROTTON PARK ROAD | 4 Bedrooms | 3 Receptions | Gated driveway | Large rear garden | Extended | Freehold
AUGUSTUS ROAD | Four bedrooms | Two reception rooms | Double garage | Private rear garden | Located on Calthorpe Estate
"An impressive, detached large corner property occupying a sizeable plot on this popular and well located road. Originally built in the 1930's this substantial home has been thoughtfully extended a..."
"A handsome Grade II listed period townhouse located in a sought-after residential area of Edgbaston, with off-road parking, garage, and private rear gardens. A most handsome Grade II listed period townhouse, one of a pair of attractive semi-detached early Victorian stucco villas, understood to d..."
"Stunning luxury three bedroom penthouse apartment situated in Prime St. Pauls, two stunning bathrooms, underfloor heating, high specification throughout, two allocated and secure parking, planning permission for 600sqft of additional space and bespoke fittings. "
"** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED AND MODERNISED BUNGALOW IN THIS QUIET MOSELEY LOCATION! ** We are delighted to offer to the market this immaculately presented five bedroom bungalow located in this quiet cul-de-sac location in Moseley which offers excellent access to local shops and amenities, Moseley Vi..."
"A unique five bedroom detached family home, located on the Moseley/Sparkhill border and offering beautifully presented accommodation with three reception rooms including an impressive dining kitchen, four bath/shower rooms and ample off road parking. EP Rating C"
SANFORD ROAD | Detached residence | Freehold | 10 double bedrooms | No Chain | Parking | Large rear garden | Private driveway to the rear
"Originally built in 1907 as accommodation for the nursing team at Selly Oak hospital, Woodlands is a remarkable redevelopment of one of Bournville's historic properties. Comprised of 18 luxury apartments, Woodlands is finished to a high specification"
"A magnificent and enviable family residence with established gardens, benefitting from being on an elevated positioning, set back on the highly regarded and quiet Albert Road in Harborne. The double f..."
"A superb, detached 4 bedroom, extended family residence on the quaint and well located Hazelbank in Kings Norton. This substantial property extends over 2000 square feet and occupies a private positio..."
A substantial and spacious four bedroom detached residence situated in a quiet cul-de-sac within the prestigious Calthorpe estate of Edgbaston. The property sits within this quiet private neighborhood between wonderfully manicured front and rear gardens. Additionally benefiting from off road park...
**UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON THE MARKET** A Superbly Presented & Refurbished Throughout Modern Five Bedroom Executive Detached House Built By Messrs Bovis In This Most Desirable Location In Wythall With Pleasant Views To The Fore
A spacious and significantly improved 4 bedroom semi-detached home on the well regarded Lordswood Road in Harborne. Having recently undergone significant extension and renovation this wonderful family...
"A spacious and beautifully presented five bedroom detached house, incorporating a self-contained annexe, situated in Northfield, Birmingham (on the border of the Bournville  Village Trust ). The main house is offered with a good-sized lounge, kitchen/diner, study, four double bedrooms wit..."
"Situated in much sought after Cofton Church Lane which leads down to Barnt Green Sailing Club. Beautifully presented, spacious family house with accommodation of almost 1,800 sq.ft. Four bedrooms, three reception rooms, kitchen breakfast room, large private mature garden, ample driveway parking.<..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire a four bedroom, semi- detached, Victorian family home, situated within a popular area of Edgbaston, next to the beautiful St Augustine's church. Accommodation in brief: Entrance hallway, sitting room, dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, conservatory, guest WC, on..."
"*AVAILABLE TO RESERVE OFF PLAN NOW!*UNDER CONSTRUCTION- DUE TO COMPLETE MAY/JUNE 2023* A brand new executive five-bedroom, three storey family home in a highly sought after location. The only design of its kind at Penns Gate, the three-storey Kingsbury occupies a prime corner plot an..."
"SIX BEDROOM PERIOD HOME IN THE HEART OF MOSELEY!* Retaining a wealth of period features, this sizeable period home sits nicely close to the Heart of Moseley Village and offers excellent access to all that is to see and offer in Moseley including the local coffee shops, independent restaurant's, l..."
"This impressive characterful four bed detached property occupies a much coveted and convenient location with stunning views onto Sutton park. Situated within close proximity of many sought after amenities including nearby Boldmere high street, desirable schools and transport links. Retaining many..."
"It is an honour to market for sale this incredible period style Freehold property that is beautifully presented internally and externally, plus an abundance of charm and features throughout. Internally the property enjoys, enclosed porch, welcoming entrance hall, with two staircases, guests cloa..."
"Encompassing a corner position on Wentworth Road and Station Road, Harborne, ""The Oaks"" is a stunning traditional end terrace that has been vastly improved and expensively enhanced by the pr..."
"***360 VIRTUAL VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE***HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION***ABSOLUTELY STUNNING DETACHED 4 BED BUNGALOW PLUS SEPARATE 1 BED BUNGALOW INDEPENDENTLY ACCESSED & WHEELCHAIR ACCESSIBLE***LARGE ENVIABLE PLOT***SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN***AMPLE OFF-ROAD PARKING***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***
"
"A charming Victorian semi detached family home, set within this most sought after location and offering four double bedroom accommodation with many period features retained and benefiting from four reception rooms, off road parking & garage and long mature rear garden. EPC Rating E"
"Extended, Semi Detached Residence Situated In A Popular Location. Comprising Of Three Bedrooms, Through Lounge/Dining Room, Extended Fitted Kitchen & Family Bathroom."
"Situated in a delightfully quiet cul-de-sac in the heart of Edgbaston is this deceptively spacious detached family home. This excellent family home is well laid out offering a charming family entertaining spaces, inclusive of a south facing gardens. The property extends over 1845 Sq. Ft. "
*2 parking spaces *Waterfront Mooring *Exclusive Gated development Fine & Country Birmingham are delighted to bring you Symphony Court
"Encasa offer this mixed use plot, approx. 0.175 of an acre. Comprising of; three bed flat, two bed flat, two bed terraced property, 2 x one bed flat and yard/land to the rear. Our client is considering serious offer only and proof of funds on request. For any further enquiries, call or email"
"It is a privilege to offer for sale this incredible newly built detached family home sat in a prime corner position off Pages Lane that has wonderful modern interiors throughout! Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The property offers, well-presented ent..."
"The Gold Collection are delighted to offer for sale a rare opportunity to acquire this stunning example of a beautifully renovated 1850s, 6 bedroom detached family home. VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!"
"**The landlord has advised that he is willing to guarantee the rent for 5 years! Speak to Oakmans for further information** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic investment opportunity located on a prime student road within Selly Oak, walking distance of Birmingham University, l..."
"A substantial detached Victorian property that has been beautifully and sympathetically restored by the current owners. With high ceilings throughout the versatile accommodation comprises of a welcoming entrance hallway, two spacious reception rooms, extended and re-fitted breakfast kitchen, util..."
"Acres are delighted to offer for sale this incredible freehold Dormer Bungalow. Situated in the heart of Boldmere which is a thriving community with, shops, restaurant, excellent public transport and schools. This incredible property offers amazing versatile accommodation throughout and very ..."
"We are delighted to offer to the market this modern, three storey home located in this popular gated development in Moseley Village. Offering great access to Moseley Village and all of its associated amenities including bars, cafes, restaurants and shopping facilities and good transport links int..."
"A particularly spacious detached family home, set within this secluded cul-de-sac location and offering four double bedroom accommodation with generous reception space, extensive off road parking, double garage and mature gardens. EP Rating G"
"A heavily extended and much improved, traditional detached house within a quiet cul de sac location."
"This duplex home is perfect for those who embrace city-living, who want an expanse of space (2357sqft), who enjoy lots of light through the shuttered bedroom windows or the large living room skylights, and those who want to be near all the action, without feeling like they are. As you en..."
"Spectacular penthouse duplex set in King Edwards Wharf. Excellent quality fixtures and fittings, together with some unique and thoughtful design features, make this property something special. Having spacious reception hall, superb dual aspect lounge and kitchen, three bedrooms, two with en s..."
"A handsome and well-appointed Grade II listed family home with a lovely large garden in a popular location. This handsome red brick Victorian home has been lovingly updated by the current owners, the attention to detail is evident throughout. Beautifully appointed the property retains many of it..."
"Introducing this TWO-BED DUPLEX apartment in The Gothic - the latest addition to the JEWELLERY QUARTER. Set across 1,545 sq ft, this apartment offers a decadent HOME OFFICE space, high ceilings and contemporary decor as a standard."
"This individual detached house is light and airy with spacious accommodation including a large reception hall, two reception rooms and a stylish fully fitted kitchen diner area. The property is finished to a high specification, with underfloor heating in the kitchen. The extremely striking kitc..."
"Offering NO CHAIN, this MOST IMPOSING, FREEHOLD,. FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED residence occupies a LARGE CORNER PLOT on the sought after BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST ESTATE & offers GREAT POTENTIAL but is ideally in need of MODERNISATION & IMPROVEMENT with SCOPE TO EXTEND (subject to LA & BVT c..."
"A well presented traditional family home set within this sought after location and offering well proportioned five bedroom accommodation with three reception rooms, extended dining kitchen, off road parking & garage. EP Rating D"
"Spanning over 2300 sq.ft. this incredible canal facing duplex apartment is situated in the historic 1938 Fellows, Morton and Claytons warehouse conversion. Having undergone comprehensive and high end refurbishment, this premium apartment has been the star of several BBC shows and has offered a gr..."
A RARE OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE THIS SUBSTANTIAL FOUR BEDROOMED DOUBLE FRONTED DETACHED RESIDENCE located on a generous plot in this sought after cul-de-sac on the Bournville Village Trust Estate. Requiring modernisaton throughout this superb property offers significant potential for a wonderful ...
"We are delighted to offer this detached, period house in the heart of Moseley ideally located for all of Moseley's amenities including shops, cafes and restaurants and also local transport links to the City Centre, with the new Moseley Railway Station just a short walk away. The property offers a..."
HIGHFIELD GARDENS | Four Bedrooms | Three Bathrooms | Driveway Parking | Gas Central Heating | Garage
"** 360-DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE, CLICK THE LINK IN MEDIA SECTION ** This immaculate loft apartment offers luxury living with character features throughout. Located in the exclusive Sherborne Lofts development, this fantastic property enjoys an excellent position within the City Cent..."
"Dixons are proud to present to the market this rare opportunity to own a spacious fully refurbished Penthouse Duplex Apartment consisting of two bedrooms, three bathrooms, open plan living and two secure underground car parking spaces in the sort-after Canal Wharf development with no upward chain..."
"This is an incredible opportunity to purchase a spacious detached property ideally located for many amenities, local schooling and access to motorways with plenty of potential for extension (STPP). Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The spacious interio..."
"Offered with no onward chain is this stunning, three double bedroom, converted farmhouse, boasting a wealth of character features throughout. The property is situated between the village of Alvechurch and Hopwood within a private gated picturesque development offering stunning views over the surr..."
*** Victorian Family Home *** Seven Bedrooms *** Three Reception Rooms *** Two En Suites *** Ground Floor Shower Room *** Family Bathroom *** Are you looking for a large family home ?? Then this is the one for you. Situated close to local amenities giving easy access in to Birmingham City C...
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER THIS DETACHED RESIDENCE COMPRISING: 4 BEDROOMS, LOFT, RECEPTION HALLWAY, KITCHEN, GARAGE, DOWNSTAIRS BATHROOM, UTILITY AREA, DOWNSTAIRS W/C, FIRST FLOOR SEPARATE W/C, CENTRAL HEATED, DOUBLE GLAZED, OFF ROAD PARKING, GARAGE AND FRONT & REAR GARDEN."
"*LOFT CONVERSION * PRIME BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST LOCATION* Oakmans are delighted to offer an immaculately presented, five bedroom property, beautifully positioned within the popular BVT estate on Heath Road South, Birmingham. The ground floor of the property offers an initial e..."
An elegant and beautifully proportioned three bedroom freehold property refurbished and finished to a rarely seen standard and featuring a superb specification and state of the art technology. 
"WOW! This DETACHED Victorian property has tones of character and comprises of Seven Bedrooms, Three Reception Rooms, Four Bathrooms, Fitted Kitchen, Garage and so much more. This property has bags of potential with a large rear garden and a huge Driveway. CALL NOW on !"
" Hands Off Investment Opportunity - Sold With tenants in situ - £45,392.04 p.a rental income - lease ending on 17/07/2027 - Carehome / Supported Accommodation Investment "
FINAL DUPLEXES REMAINING! This Luxury loft style urban duplex is seated on the 7th and 8th floors with exceptional garden view. Spacious open plan living area with contemporary kitchen including integrated appliances and three double bedrooms. 
"Lovely four bedroom detached family home located in this quiet location on Elizabeth Road in Moseley. The property is located to offer excellent access to all the nearby points of interest including Cannon Hill park, Highbury park, Edgbaston cricket ground, MAC Theatre and QE Hospital and excelle..."
"Welcome to Pear Tree Drive, a spacious 4/5 bedroom extended dormer bungalow which offers plentiful scope to extend further and modernise to taste throughout. Approached via a large blocked paved driveway, there is internal access through a secure porch. You are welcomed into a bright hallway with..."
OPEN DAY..BY APPOINTMENT ONLY..25th March & 1st April.. Wonderful views of Birmingham Skyline from large private terrace.. Incredible opportunity to acquire this stunning 3/4 bed freehold townhouse within a secure gated development
"Well-proportioned period property offering spacious family accommodation set in an excellent location close to Harborne. This delightful Edwardian link-detached property offers two good sized reception rooms, extended breakfast kitchen, ground floor shower room, four bedrooms and bathro..."
"Situated within a HIGHLY DESIRABLE LOCATION this FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY has a SPACIOUS EXTENDED INTERIOR and GOOD SIZE REAR GARDEN. The accommodation briefly comprises: GROUND FLOOR: PORCH, HALLWAY, SITTING ROOM, OPEN-PLAN LIVING/DINING ROOM, BREAKFAST KITCHEN, CLOAKROOM/W.C. and GARAGE. ..."
SHERBORNE LOFTS | 2 Bedroom DUPLEX | Balcony | Secure Parking | Concierge | No Chain | Sauna | Canal Views | 2 Minute Walk to Brindley Place
WYCKHAM CLOSE is a quiet cul de sac within close proximity to Harborne Golf Course. In addition Harborne High Street is readily accessible with its excellent shopping and restaurant facilities together with the Queen Elizabeth Medical Complex and Birmingham University. There are schools for chil...
"A characterful and spacious five double bedroom detached house, offered with period features throughout, lounge, open plan kitchen/diner/family room, two en suites, family bathroom, rear garden and off road parking with a garage, situated in the sought after village of Moseley, Birmingham.
"
"THIS STUNNING FAMILY HOME NEEDS TO BE VIEWED TO APPRECIATE THE WEALTH OF ACCOMMODATION ON OFFER. benefiting from SEVEN BEDROOMS, THREE RECEPTION ROOMS and THREE SHOWER ROOMS the property also has A LARGE DRIVEWAY PROVIDING OFF ROAD PARKING AND GENEROUS ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN"
For sale by Unconditional Online Auction.
"A very spacious and stylishly appointed detached 3 bedroom property situated in a quiet position with private woodland and stream running from the Lickey Hills. Accommodation in brief: Inviting entrance hall, sitting room, Kitchen/ dining/ family room, utility room with guest WC, Principle be..."
"*** CASH BUYERS ONLY *** A unique opportunity to purchase a spacious four bedroom detached bungalow, which would benefit from modernisation and some re-configuration, offered with no upward chain on a generous quarter of an acre plot, situated in Moseley, Birmingham.
"
"A spacious 4 bedroom detached house with the benefit of a studio flat and a 2 bedroom detached bungalow in an excellent location for access to Kings Heath High Street, local schools, and the centre of Moseley. The detached house comprises: porch, hall, dining room, living room, modern fitted b..."
"An attractive traditional detached family home, superbly situated in the heart of Mosley Village and offering well proportioned four double bedroom accommodation with spacious open plan kitchen/space and additional annex (formerly the garage). EP Rating D"
"A spacious family home of approximately 1,841 sq.ft (excluding garage). Four bedrooms, three reception rooms, kitchen breakfast room, en-suite facilities and family bathroom. Large rear garden. Situated in a exclusive location with panoramic countryside views from the rear of the property."
*FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY * NINE BEDROOMS NINE EN-SUITES * LET UNTIL JUNE 2024* Oakmans offer a fantastic investment opportunity with this modern nine bedroom nine en-suite property located near to University of Birmingham and Queen Elizabeth Hospital. The property is l...
"This is an excellent period style freehold property that is council tax band B . Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The property is ideally located close to many facilities in Erdington and includes vestibule, entrance hall with Minton tiled floor, ve..."
EDGBASTON LAND WITH PLANNING PERMISSION | Excellent Location | Selling with Planning Permission for 2 x 7 Bed Bungalows with Garages | Cul-de-sac Type Access | Short Drive to City Centre | B16 Postcode | Viewings Strictly By Appointment Only | Call Davidson Estates to Arrange Viewing
"Hunters are pleased to present this extended Seven bedroom semi-detached home on a considerable plot, set on the sought after Barrows Lane. Briefly comprising of Entrance Hallway, Lounge, Sitting Room, Kitchen/Diner, Two Utility rooms, downstairs Bathroom and Three further Reception room..."
"Check out the video tour for this gorgeous family home!
"
"**READY TO MOVE IN NOW** This LUXURY 32nd floor PENTHOUSE apartment, 976 sq ft of SPACIOUS open plan living. Concierge, private gym, concierge parking, residents lounge, coffee bar, secure and private green open space, canal and city views! With luxurious finishes throughou..."
"Desirably located within the popular David Wilson, Lordswood Gardens development, this stunning five bedroom detached family home offers a unique opportunity to live within Edgbaston and in close proximity to the City Centre. Offered with a useful garage and spacious rear garden!"
**SEMI DETACHED***FOUR BEDROOMS MASTER WITH EN SUITE***THREE RECEPTION ROOMS***CONSERVATORY***DOWNSTAIRS WETROOM***OFF ROAD PARKING***OUTBUILDINGS***DOUBLE GLAZING & CENTRAL HEATING***
"***SUPERB DETACHED FAMILY HOME***LIVING, DINING AND SITTING ROOM***KITCHEN/DINER***UTILITY***FIVE BEDROOMS***FAMILY BATHROOM, WET ROOM & EN-SUITE***LARGE REAR GARDEN***AMPLE OFF-ROAD PARKING & GARAGE***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***"
'WOW' Take a look at this TOWNHOUSE in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter. With a COMMUNAL GARDEN. This HIDDEN GEM has CHARM and CHARACTER with its PERIOD FEATURES.
MOVE IN RIGHT AWAY into a Luxury loft style urban apartment located on the 7th and 8th floors with exceptional city views. Open plan living area with contemporary kitchen including integrated appliances and three double bedrooms. Located in the highly sough after Birmingham city centre.
* SIX BEDROOMS * FIVE BATHROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * OFFICE/STUDY * RENOVATED TO AN ULTRA HIGH SPECIFICATION THROUGHOUT * THOUGHTFULLY EXTENDED TO MAXIMISE SPACE ON OFFER * THREE OUTBUILDINGS * LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN * LUXURIOUS OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM WITH FULL LENGTH BI-FOLD DOORS *
"Edwards & Gray are delighted to bring to market this beautifully presented bungalow in the desirable village of Water Orton. Take a look at the video tour...
"
"Lovely modern terraced four bedroom family home in a prime location which offers exceptional accommodation over three floors. Located on Boundary Drive with views overlooking the cricket field and to offer excellent access to all the nearby points of interest including: Cannon Hill park, Highbury..."
"An extensively refurbished and well presented 3 storey plus cellar, traditional end terraced residence in a sought-after location close to Harborne High Street. Central heating and double glazing as specified, vestibule, hall, cloaks/WC, cellar, sitting room, dining room, refitted kitchen with ra..."
"A beautifully presented and discreetly located detached bungalow situated in a sought after rural location. Offering accommodation comprising a spacious lounge, conservatory, modern fitted kitchen, three double bedrooms, modern family shower room, extensive private rear garden, double garage, amp..."
KLARICO Estate Agents are delighted to present one of the most stunning and impressive properties of Hall Green. Benefits from having been extensively extended including a rear a side two storey extension along with a full dormer loft conversion. Features off-road parking for multiple vehicles.
This is a very well presented FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED home in a great location! LARGE IN AND OUT DRIVEWAY Great size family home!
"This superbly proportioned five bed detached unique, architect designed and built dormer bungalow occupies an enviable location set close to Wylde Green centre enjoying access to it's many amenities including local shops, dining, schools and a superior transport network. The accommodation inc..."
"A 4 bedroom modern detached home built circa 2007. Having integral garage & driveway. Good sized rear garden. Open plan kitchen dining family room overlooking the rear garden, family lounge, guest WC & utility room, 2 bedrooms with en-suites & family bathroom. CH & DG."
"A handsome 3/4 bedroomed Grade 2 Listed Georgian townhouse with versatile accommodation set over three floors extending in all to some 1,575 sq. ft (146 sq. m), located only approximately a mile from central Birmingham. ..."
"This well presented superbly located four double bed detached property occupies a generous and enviable corner plot having the advantage of separate gated driveways, a well proportioned garage and outbuilding offering many development opportunities subject to planning permission. With excellent a..."
"An outstanding penthouse with a large balcony located in a beautiful, waterside complex, right in the heart of the Birmingham City Centre"
"*** FIVE BEDROOMS – LUXURY HOME - FANTASTIC LOCATION *** Oakmans are delighted to offer this beautifully presented, five-bedroom, detached family home, located within the desirable Kingswood Close, Birmingham. The property briefly comprises of entrance hallway, dual aspect loung..."
"City Centre New York loft style apartments in the Jewellery Quarter close to the famous Bullring shopping centre. A superb one bedroom, one bathroom apartment situated on the TOP FLOOR offering NEST control, a STYLISH bathroom and OPEN PLAN LIVING/KITCHEN."
"A characterful Victorian terraced home situated just off Harborne High Street. Four bedrooms, two reception rooms (one with en suite making ideal guest bedroom), kitchen/diner, cellar. Good-sized rear garden."
"Deceptively spacious detached premises comprising of 11 Office Units, Communal Kitchen, Bathroom, Kitchenette & 3 x WC's set on 0.196 acres. May be suitable for a variety of uses STP"
A Much Extended Detached Dormer Style Bungalow Situated in this Much Sought After Location
"A unique and quirky detached home on Jockey Road in Sutton Coldfield that has recently undergone a stunning modernisation, creating a one-of-a-kind living space with a striking balance between modern design and characterful features.
"
** UNIQUE DESIGN ** TUDOR STYLE ** DRIVE ON - DRIVE OFF DRIVEWAY ** UNIQUE FEATURES ** This UNIQUE architecturally designed DETACHED property is situated within CASTLE BROMWICH VILLAGE on the beginning of a popular tucked away street. The property has a very old feel to it due to the ch...
"*FANTASTIC STUDENT PROPERTY IN GREATLOCATION – SEVEN BEDROOMS – TWO BATHROOMS* Introducing this student property offering accommodation briefly comprising of; seven bedrooms, two bathrooms, lounge, kitchen and rear garden. Set in the main student area, this is a prime student lo..."
"LV PROPERTY is delighted to present Viceroy House, a breathtaking development that takes inspiration from the New York loft-style of living. Located on the edge of the Jewellery Quarter, this building has been lovingly restored to reflect this using locally sourced craftsmen and appliances. <..."
"NOW 95% SOLD! A stunning penthouse offering 1,401 sq ft of living space and three spacious bedrooms. This property is south facing and dual aspect, boasting heaps of natural light "
"This well presented extended traditional style four bed detached property occupies a convenient and coveted location set within close proximity of nearby Sutton Park near to desirable shops and schools. With accommodation including a breakfast kitchen with utility corridor off, a dining hall, sep..."
"** ONLINE VIRTUAL SMART VIEWING TOUR AVAILABLE ** This very well-presented five bedroomed detached property with an additional outdoor optional office space is ideally situated within the much sought after location of Hollywood. The main accommodation briefly comprises; Enclosed porch,..."
Don't miss your chance to view this unique three storey family home within walking distance of Harborne High Street! Vivian Road benefits from having off-road parking for four cars and no-chain. Contact Harborne's experienced residential sales team today to book your viewing on .
"Hunters are pleased to present this immaculate extended six bedroom Victorian family home for sale, offering no chain. The property must be viewed in order to be appreciated and in brief comprises; To the ground floor; grand entrance hallway, A spacious main reception room with patio doo..."
Substantially extended FREEHOLD DETATCHED residence enjoying prime location within the much sought after BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST ESTATE offering classic FOUR BEDROOMED accomodation with SCOPE FOR FURTHER EXTENSION if required subject to appropriate consent being obtained. EP Rating D
"The Hazel- ONLY PLOT 12 REMAINING, CALL US TODAY FOR OPEN DAY EVENT DETAILS."
"Dixons estate agents are proud to give you this fantastic opportunity to purchase a luxury, stylish and beautifully presented two-bedroom 19th floor penthouse apartment. The penthouse comprises a large hallway, two double bedrooms with built in wardrobes, one room comes with a walk in ..."
"NOW 95% SOLD - This magnificent fully furnished duplex apartment over 1,566 Sq Ft features two bedrooms and a luxurious specification. Situated less than a ten minutes from New St Station. "
***EXTENDED DETACHED FAMILY HOME***FOUR WELL PROPORTIONED BEDROOMS***EN SUITE OFF MASTER BEDROOM***PRIME LOCATION***INTERNAL VIEWING ESSENTIAL***TWO GARAGES***BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME***
"Five bedroom detached home measuring 1730 sq ft approx. The Hazel benefits from a large kitchen with integrated appliances separate dining room, living room. Master bedroom with en-suite, four double bedrooms. Ideally situated, close to all city centre amenities."
"A SUBSTANTIAL EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM DORMER BUNGALOW WITH POTENTIAL TO DEVELOP LAND EXTENDING TO APPROXIMATELY 0.33 ACRES (Subject To Planning Permission). The centrally heated and double glazed (where shown) property itself consists of two upstairs bedrooms with bathroom, two downstairs bedrooms ..."
"An elegant, late Victorian property, primely located in Harborne Village close to the high street. This beautiful home seamlessly blends modern comforts with traditional features, such as ornate cornicing, picture rails and a number period fireplaces.. The accommodation consists of an ent..."
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER A DETACHED RESIDENCE COMPRISING: 5 BEDROOMS, LOUNGE, DINING ROOM, KITCHEN, FAMILY BATHROOM, SEPARATE SHOWER ROOM, GUEST W/C, CENTRAL HEATING, DOUBLE GLAZING, OFF ROAD PARKING, GARAGE AND REAR GARDEN."
"A traditional style detached family home within walking distance of Moseley Village, having two reception rooms, breakfast room/kitchen, four bedrooms, shower room, side garage, double glazing and central heating. EP Rating E"
"This property is being sold through our Advanced sales method to provide complete transparency and security for all parties involved. £595,000. A very rare opportunity to acquire this stunning three bedroom ground floor apartment located in the iconic Bristol Court Development, the property..."
"Welcome to Boscobel Road, an impressive four-bedroom detached property with heaps of further potential. Approached via a large driveway and front lawns either side, you are welcomed into a porch space. Internally, there is a welcoming hallway with stairs to the first floor and access to the livin..."
"BACK TO MARKET: City centre view apartments located in Birmingham with only £34,500cash required to own the property.Projected rental income starts from £11,450.A994"
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER THIS DETACHED RESIDENCE COMPRISING: 4 SPACIOUS BEDROOMS, LOFT CONVERSION, RECEPTION HALLWAY, THROUGH LOUNGE, SUN LOUNGE, KITCHEN ROOM, KITCHEN, DOWNSTAIRS W/C, UTILITY AREA, FIRST FLOOR BATHROOM, SEPARATE W/C, CENTRAL HEATED, DOUBLE GLAZED OFF ROAD PARKING, REAR GARDE..."
"A deceptively spacious five bedroomed semi-detached house with tandem parking and a garage situated in a popular, convenient location and extending to some 1,764 sq. ft. (163 sq.m). Chain Free. Council Tax Band E "
***DETACHED***FOUR BEDROOMS MASTER WITH ENSUITE***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***CONSERVATORY***DOWNSTAIRS WC***OFF ROAD PARKING***DOUBLE GLAZING***INTEGRAL GARAGE***
"READY TO MOVE IN NOW A LUXURY 3 storey townhouse boasting a MODERN, HIGH SPECIFICATION, open plan kitchen and living area, with four DOUBLE bedrooms. Located just off Camden Drive, accessed through SECURE gates, enjoying BEAUTIFUL landscaped communal gardens. ONLY 5 minu..."
"This is a beautifully presented, deceptively spacious, five-bedroom terraced property, in a popular, very convenient and much sought after residential location. The property is located in the centre of Harborne off the High Street and comprises of five spacious bedrooms, two good sized reception..."
*** FIVE BEDROOMS *** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION *** PERFECT FAMILY HOME *** SUPERB REAR GARDEN *** GOOD SCHOOLS CATCHMENT AREA *** VIEWING ESSENTIAL ***
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this gorgeous, four storey townhouse, located in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter. A rare find within the City, this freehold house with allocated parking is set within a gated development, offered with NO upward chain! "
This is a very well presented SIX BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED home in a great location! THREE RECEPTION ROOMS Ideal large family home LARGE REAR GARDEN
A simply stunning three/four bedroom family home situated on this prestigious road in Harborne Village. Located adjacent to the Harborne High Street the property offers stunning and extended living accommodation with a host of wonderfully retained period features. The property boasts a secluded r...
"Paul Carr Land and New Homes are delighted to offer for sale a new build detached family home with 4 generous double bedrooms. Arranged over 1,500 square foot, the property provides excellent living space with a lounge to the front and separate kitchen/diner to the rear encouraging outdoor living..."
"PLEASE CALL DIXONS TODAY TO VIEW THIS FOUR BEDROOM CHAIN FREE DETACHED PROPERTY. THIS IS A PERFECT FAMILY HOME NOT TO BE MISSED To the ground floor you have one large reception room, separate dining room, fitted kitchen, conservatory and a down stairs WC Upstairs you have t..."
"Proudly presenting this five bedroom detached property comprises; two spacious reception rooms, kitchen / diner, ground floor wc, off road parking, garage and rear garden. Contact our residential sales team to register your interest and get your viewing booked in today on ."
ST JAMES CHURCH | Three bedrooms | Duplex | Parking & Garage | No Chain |
"** PRIME HARBORNE LOCATION ** COMPLETELY REFURBISHED FIVE BEDROOM VICTORIAN RESIDENCE ** DRIVEWAY ** SPACIOUS LOUNGE ** FITTED KITCHEN DINER ** UTILITY ROOM/W.C ** TWO EN-SUITES ** FAMILY BATHROOM ** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED SECURE REAR GARDEN ** CLOSE TO HARBORNE VILLAGE, QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL **"
Fine and country Birmingham are delighted to present this very desirable duplex apartment in the beautiful Royal Arch Development
"An immaculate and beautifully presented five bedroom detached house, offered with a fabulous open plan kitchen/diner/family room, lounge, study, two contemporary en suites, modern family bathroom, landscaped rear garden and off road parking with a garage, situated in a modern development in Co..."
***MUCH SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION***EXTENDED***THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS***LOUNGE/DINING ROOM***KITCHEN/DINER***SEPARATE UTILITY ROOM***GUEST W.C.***LUXURY FAMILY BATHROOM***EN-SUITE AREA TO BEDROOM THREE***PRIVATE ESTABLISHED GARDENS TO REAR***AMPLE DRIVEWAY TO FORE*** A fantastic opportunity to purcha...
Fine & Country Birmingham are proud to present our latest listing within the stunning Royal Arch development in the famous Mailbox Birmingham
"*SIMPLY WONDERFUL FIVE BEDROOM VICTORIAN HOME IN PRIME LOCATION!* The Limes dates back to 1891 and this wonderful, Victorian, five bedroom semi-detached family residence offers an abundance of charm and character with a plethora of period details and some lovely modern improvements. Offering exce..."
"A well presented family home in an excellent location on one of Harborne's most ideally located roads. Set out over 4 storeys, the property offers an exceptional level of living accommodation for ..."
"***GREAT LOCATION*** ***SPACIOUS INSIDE*** ***GUEST WC*** ***UTILITY ROOM*** ***STUDY/HOME OFFICE*** ***EN SUITE IN MASTER BEDROOM*** ***VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE*** This four bedroom, end of terrace property, is ideally located close to Harborne high street. The property requires full refurbishmen..."
** LUXURY TOWNHOUSE** HIGH SPECIFICATION** COMPLETION THIS SUMMER** GRADE II LISTED BUILDING**ONE OF A KIND** PRESTIGIOUS JEWELLERY QUARTER LOCATION**
"*** PLEASE QUOTE REF: #SC008 *** *** IMMACULATE 4 BEDROOM DETATCHED IN A MUCH REQUESTED LOCATION ***
"
"Viewing absolutely essential to fully appreciate this three bedroom, Freehold, double fronted semi-detached family home which occupies a delightful position on the sought after Bournville Village Trust Estate. Two garages, off road parking and lovely, generous rear garden. EP Rating D"
***EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI***PRIME LOCATION***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***LUXURY FITTED KITCHEN DINER***REAR GARDEN ROOM***FOUR WELL PROPORTIONED BEDROOMS***FAMIY BATHROOM***MULTI USE GARDEN ROOM***
***DETACHED***FIVE BEDROOMS MASTER WITH EN SUITE***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***KITCHEN/DINER***DOWNSTAIRS SHOWER ROOM***OFF ROAD PARKING***DOUBLE GLAZING***CENTRAL HEATING***
"This deceptively spacious four bedroom, detached family home is idyllically located within Ravenshaw Road, Edgbaston. Offering three large reception rooms, a brilliant rear garden and potential to extend further! "
"Just Moves Sales are delighted to bring to market this superb Traditional Detached Family Home on Fairyfield Avenue, Great Barr. Fairyfield Avenue is located off Newton Road and is a Cul De Sac of uniquely designed properties. These Family Homes do not come to market very often!!"
"The Orchard benefits from a large open plan Kitchen / Diner with integrated appliances, Living Room, Large Lounge with bifold doors, Master Bedroom with separate shower room, three further bedrooms and a Study."
"THE WILLOW - A fantastic opportunity to purchase a luxury, stylish and beautifully presented four-bedroom detached home measuring 1628 sq ft approx and having a juliette balcony with fantastic views."
"***FIVE BEDROOMS - FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS - OPEN PLAN KITCHEN - BI FOLD DOORS*** Oakmans are extremely delighted to offer this most magnificent property for sale. The property has been extensively renovated throughout, extended and modernised. A viewing is highly recommended on this one of..."
"Oakmans are delighted to offer this stunning three bedroom semi detached property. Located on Metchley Lane, the property is within walking distance to Harborne High Street, offering an array of bars, restaurants and shops. There are fantastic transport links into Birmingham City Centre and the p..."
*** YOU MUST BE AN INVESTOR BUYER TO ENQUIRE ABOUT THIS PROPERTY - NOT AVAILABLE TO FIRST TIME BUYERS *** Landlord to Landlord Service - GetAnOffer are looking for LANDLORDS to purchase this home which is currently RENTED producing an income. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property fo...
"A beautifully presented, extensively refurbished 4 bedroom double fronted 4 storey home on the conveniently located and well regarded North Road in central Harborne. This sizeable property ..."
"We are delighted to offer to the market on a No Chain basis, this five bedroom detached family home which is located in this popular cul-de-sac off Wake Green Road in Moseley which offers excellent access to Moseley Village and is located within easy reach of all of its associated amenities ..."
WHAT'S BETTER THAN STAMP DUTY PAID? HOW ABOUT STAMP DUTY AND AND LEGAL FEE'S PAID! CALL US NOW
"VIEWINGS RECOMMENDED FOR THIS FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY RESIDENCE SET OUT OVER THREE FLOORS WITH MANY ORIGINAL PERIOD FEATURES. This property is situated in this most sought after location in Kings Heath and comprises of Two Reception Rooms, Downstairs W.C, Dining Kitchen, Four Bedrooms, Bathroom, Off ..."
This property is being sold through our Advanced sales method to provide complete transparency and security for all parties involved. A Six Bedroom Detached Property.
**STUNNING PROPERTY IN HARBORNE *** BEAUTIFULLY REFURBISHED THROUGHOUT *** SITUATED IN THE EVER POPULAR HARBORNE AREA *** CLOSE TO THE QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL **** EASY ACCESS TO BIRMINGHAM CITY CENTRE *** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT ** MUST BE VIEWED ***
***** FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*****DETACHED PROPERTY*****FIVE INDEPENDENT ONE BEDROOM FLATS*****ALL TENANTED*****COMMUNAL PARKING*****
A Nicely Presented Extended Family Home in a Superb Location With Lovely Views & Situated on a Large Plot with Paddock to the Side
"THIS FOUR BEDROOMED DETACHED FAMILY HOME IS CONVENIENTLY LOCATED ON THE SOUGHT AFTER BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST ESTATE. Situated in this peaceful cul-de-sac the property benefits from three reception rooms, en-suite shower room to the main bedroom, ground floor WC, garage and driveway parking. Ve..."
"This is an absolutely stunning property that has been considerably extended and improved by the current owner to a fantastic standard. Being located to fantastic local schooling to include, Q3 Academy, Grove Vale and St Margaret’s! Benefiting from double glazing and new gas central heating (both ..."
*** Investors Only *** Hollywell Homes are delighted to offer for sale this fully tenanted and fully licensed four storey late Victorian town house HMO in the popular Edgbaston area of Birmingham with a very high rental demand. The property itself benefits from large light fil...
"THREE sets of accommodation in one place with main house plus side accommodation with its own independent front door, boiler and electric meter and third accommodation upstairs to other side also being a self contained unit. This will have wide appeal to landlords / investors and larger families"
"***THREE SELF CONTAINED FLATS***FLAT 1***FLAT 2 - LOUNGE/ KITCHEN, THREE BEDROOMS***FLAT 3 - LOUNGE, KITCHEN, TWO BEDROOMS***DOUBLE GLAZING***CENTRAL HEATING***"
** BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST LOCATION ** WELL-PRESENTED FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED RESIDENCE ** SPACIOUS THROUGH LOUNGE ** DINING ROOM ** FITTED KITCHEN ** UTILITY AREA ** CLOAKROOM/W.C ** FAMILY BATHROOM ** BEAUTIFUL REAR GARDEN ** GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY ** IDEAL FAMILY HOME ** NO ONWARD CHAIN **
***LARGE DETACHED CORNER PLOT ****FOUR BEDROOMS***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***KITCHEN & DINER WITH SEPARATE UTILITY ROOM ***OFF ROAD PARKING & DOUBLE GARAGE***DOWNSTAIRS WC & SHOWER***FAMILY BATHROOM****GARDEN HOUSE***SPACIOUS GARDEN ***SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION***POTENTIAL TO FURTHER EXTEND ON BOTH FLOORS**
"** CUL-DE-SAC-LOCATION ** EXTENDED ** CONSERVATORY ** DRIVEWAY ** GUEST WC ** EN-SUITE ** This FOUR/FIVE bedroom semi-detached property has been extended to the rear and to the side to create a larger style family home. The property consists of a DRIVEWAY for multiple vehicles, enclosed..."
"EXTENDED IMPRESSIVE PROPERTY Virdee Estates are proud to present For Sale this five bedroom semi detached property. Comprising of having a porch, hallway, reception room, through lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen, ground floor shower room, ground floor W.C, and first floor bathroom. Further ben..."
***SUPERB DETACHED FAMILY HOME***SPACIOUS LOUNGE & SITTING ROOM***KITCHEN/DINER***UTILITY & SHOWER ROOM***FOUR BEDROOMS***FAMILY BATHROOM***LARGE REAR GARDEN***AMPLE OFF-ROAD PARKING & TWO GARAGES***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***
A spacious three/ four bedroom detached house in an extremely sought after location. Offering views over Sutton Park and with planning consent to turn it into an executive SIX bedroom house with four bathrooms and possible separate annex to lower ground floor. The current accommodation over fou...
"WELL LOCATED EXTENDED DETACHED FOUR BEDROOMED FAMILY HOME IN THIS PLEASANT TREE-LINED CUL-DE-SAC NEAR THE HISTORIC KINGS NORTON VILLAGE GREEN. Offering two reception rooms, spacious kitchen/diner, driveway parking and enjoying open views to the rear. EP RATING: C"
3 Bedroom 3 Bathroom | City Centre | Modern Style | Allocated Parking | Jewellry Quarter | Open Plan Living Room and Kitchen | Oak Flooring throughout | Skylights | Townhouse
***DETACHED HOME***FIVE BEDROOMS***THREE RECEPTION ROOMS***VIEWING ESSENTIAL***MUCH SOUGHT AFTER CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION***WELL MAINTAINED THROUGHOUT***
"A Greatly Extended & Immaculately Presented Most Individual Semi Detached House With Independent Annex, Offering Versatile Family Accommodation In This Popular & Convenient Location"
A rather unique and truly stunning 4/5 bedroom character home on the conveniently located Harborne Lane. Having been lovingly maintained and improved by the current owners this substantial family home...
"Why is this home Chosen… This extended and fully re-furbished family home is located in a popular residential area just a short walk from Boldmere high street. This incredible home offers a magnificent, modern kitchen which flows perfectly into the dining room and front family room, utility r..."
"THIS STYLISH AND IMMACULATELY PRESENTED PROPERTY NEEDS TO BE VIEWED TO FULLY APPRECIATE THE EXTENT OF THE ACCOMMODATION PROVIDED. Ideal for the larger family or multi-generational living, the property boasts five bedrooms with spacious living accommodation. Situated on the Bournville Village Tr..."
"It is a privilege to offer for sale this beautiful corner plot detached property located on a very desirable residential road off Newton Road, Great Barr. The property benefits from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The very spacious interiors include an large enclose..."
"A superbly refurbished, redesigned, and extended four bedroomed property situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location. Two reception rooms, dining kitchen, cloakroom, utility, master bedroom with en suite, two further double bedrooms and a single bedroom. Smart house bathroom. Good driveway parking to..."
*** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** SUPERB LOCATION *** WELL PRESENTED AND EXTENDED PROPERTY *** EXCELLENT SCHOOLS LOCATION *** PERFECT FAMILY HOME ***
*** FIVE BEDROOMS *** IMMACULATELY PRESENTED *** OPEN PLAN LIVING *** WALKING DISTANCE TO SUTTON PARK *** BEAUTIFULLY EXTENDED ***
A wonderfully presented 19th century period home situated in this prestigious location in the heart of Harborne Village just off the High Street. The spacious five bedroom terraced property provides a host of characterful features with a wonderful extended breakfast kitchen with exposed beams to...
This is a well presented FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME in a great location! LARGE REAR GARDEN perfect family home OFF ROAD PARKING
"Purplebricks are delighted to market this FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED family home which is situated in Sutton Coldfield. MINUTES FROM THE M6 & M42 this is the perfect commuter property and also within easy reach of local schools, shops and amenities. This family home really does need to be viewed to ..."
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND E We are delighted to present to the market this stunning three bedroom detached house situated on Queslett Road, Great Barr, Birmingham. The property offers a well-adapted layout, spacious and comfortable accommodation making it the perf..."
"NEW RESIDENTIAL UNITS FROM £174,995. Minimum rental income of £13,950 per year. View floor plans today! A538"
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented, spacious traditional three bedroom detached property situated on this popular cul-de-sac in Wythall which is ideally situated for the local amenities. Benefitting from having immense POTENTIAL TO EXTEND!"
"A spacious chalet style family home in need of renovation situated opposite the historic ‘Moseley Bog’ nature reserve (acknowledged as having inspired J.R.R Tolkien whilst writing his Lord of the Rings trilogy) with accommodation featuring; entrance hallway with stairs to first floor,..."
***IMMACULATLEY PRESENTED DETACHED FAMILY HOME***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***FITTED KITCHEN/DINER***FOUR WELL PROPORTIONED BEDROOMS***MUCH SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION***TICKS ALL THE BOXES***
***IMPRESSIVE DETACHED FAMILY HOME***FOUR BEDROOMS***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***FITTED KITCHEN***OFF ROAD PARKING***INTEGRATED GARAGE***REAR GARDEN***MUCH SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION***
***EXTENDED PROPERTY - OFF ROAD PARKING - SIX BEDROOMS - THREE BATHROOMS*** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic end terraced property for sale. Situated perfectly for transport links into Birmingham City Centre and Moseley. The property is also close by to plenty of local ameni...
"A very well situated modern link detached residence on wider than average plot. Delightful and convenient tree-lined location. Central heating and double glazing as specified, hall, cloaks/WC fitted breakfast/kitchen, lounge/dining room, three bedrooms, shower room/WC, side garage, good off-road ..."
**WOW....FIVE BEDROOMS!! THIS PROPERTY OFFERS SO MUCH SPACE AND WOULD BE DESIRABLE FOR ANY FAMILY** TAKE A LOOK INSIDE AND PREPARED TO BE WOWED**
"A beautifully presented semi-detached Arts & Crafts Style property, situated in the desirable conservation area known as 'Moor Pool' in Harborne"
"Spacious DETACHED family home with an INTEGRAL GARAGE and parking for TWO CARS. The OPEN PLAN kitchen diner benefits from FRENCH DOORS out to your garden. There's also a handy UTILITY and storage. Upstairs are FOUR DOUBLE bedrooms, one with an EN suite, plus a family bathroom."
"The Drummond is a spacious and elegant four bedroom DETACHED family home offering a single INTEGRAL GARAGE, OPEN PLAN kitchen diner, a handy UTILITY ROOM and DOUBLE bedrooms. Call our team today to discuss the incentives on offer with this brand new home."
"*STUNNING DETACHED FAMILY HOME* This detached property is situated within a quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC and benefiting from a DOUBLE DETACHED GARAGE. Fitted with a high spec kitchen diner, en suite to master, additional W.C and much more! CALL NOW TO ARRANGE YOU VIEWINGS!"
"***SPACIOUS 5 BEDROOM BRAND NEW HOME AVAILABLE NOW*** SUPERBLY FINISHED HOME WITH SOCIABLE BASE BOASTING KITCHEN/LIVING SPACE ALONG WITH TWO FURTHER RECEPTION ROOMS. FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, FAMILY BATHROOM PLUS SHOWER ROOM AND EN SUITE"
"BEAUTIFULLY FINISHED FIVE BEDROOM BRAND NEW HOME CLOSE TO COMMUTER ROUTES AND SOUGHT AFTER SCHOOLS. WITH SPACIOUS KITCHEN-FAMILY ROOM, SEPARATE LOUNGE AND STUDY, MASTER WITH CONTEMPORARY EN SUITE, FURTHER BATHROOM, SHOWER ROOM AND FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, ***VIEWING IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***"
Purple Bricks bring to you this stunning four- bedroom detached family home set in a very sought-after location in Sutton Coldfield. SELLING CHAIN-FREE and now VACANT. Sitting within the Boldmere school catchment areas is this beautiful family home setting a very generous plot within easy reac...
"CONVENIENTLY SITUATED ON THE SOUGHT AFTER BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST ESTATE, this traditional semi-detached property has been thoughtfully extended and offers two reception rooms, breakfast kitchen, four bedrooms, family bathroom, ground floor WC, conservatory and garage. Boasting a good sized gard..."
*** DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION WITH SUPERB POTENTIAL TO EXTEND (STPP) *** DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE WITH POTENTIAL FOR GRANNY ANNEX. (STPP) *** HUGE SPECIFICATION FITTED KITCHEN *** FOUR BEDROOMS ***
*EPC RATING D *FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS *DETACHED *DRIVEWAY PARKING *INTEGRATED GARAGE *REAR GARDEN *CONSERVATORY *BATHROOM *SHOWER ROOM *IDEAL FAMILY HOME *POPULAR LOCATION *LOCAL AMENITIES *CHAIN FREE 
"An immaculate and uniquely designed three storey family home built in 2014 and finished to an impeccable standard throughout (with 1 year remaining on a premium guarantee warranty). This energy efficient property boasts open plan living, a luxury top floor master bedroom wi..."
"***WONDERFULLY PRESENTED FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM HOUSE WITH OFF-ROAD PARKING AND SIZEABLE REAR GARDEN IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION*** FAMILY BATHROOM, TWO FURTHER SHOWER ROOMS, UTILITY ROOM AND GUEST WC. SPACIOUS REAR FAMILY KITCHEN WITH STRIKING CENTRE ISLAND***"
"*WONDERFUL PERIOD PROEPRTY IN THE HEART OF BOURNVILLE!* Located in one of the area's most sought-after roads, in the heart of Bournville, is this charming, three bedroom semi-detached home with an abundance of character throughout. It is ideally located for all the area has to offer only being ..."
"Extended and Detached Home situated on a corner plot in a pleasant cul-de-sac location, With Four Good Bedrooms, Two Reception Rooms, Generous Garage and within walking distance of Manor Park. Requiring some modernisation and improvement however, offering great potentail and No Chain. EP Rating D."
***AN OPPORTUNITY NOT TO BE MISSED***IMMACULATELY PRESENTED AND EXTENED***PRIME LOCATION***VIEWING ESSENTIAL***NO UPWARD CHAIN***OFF ROAD PARKING AND GARAGE***THREE WELL PROPORTIONED BEDROOMS***
"***FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, SIZEABLE FAMILY KITCHEN-DINER, BATHROOM PLUS TWO FURTHER SHOWER ROOMS, UTILITY ROOM AND GUEST WC, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, SOUGHT AFTER AREA CLOSE TO POPULAR COMMUTER ROUTES***VIEWING ADVISED***"
"** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** EXTENDED TO REAR ** THREE BEDROOMS ** DRIVEWAY ** GARAGE ** This property has been modernised throughout creating a lovely open plan family living area. The property currently consists of a DRIVEWAY to the front and a shared driveway to the side, entrance hallway,..."
"Acres are pleased to offer for sale this superb period style property ideally located on this ever popular residential road close to Boldmere's many shops, restaurants & bars. The accommodation includes a vestibule entrance, hall with guest w.c., off, two reception rooms, kitchen/breakfast room, ..."
"This superbly extended and beautifully presented home sits within close proximity of desirable local schools shops and eateries close to a superior public transport network. Having three spacious bedrooms, a dressing room/study luxury bathroom and guest cloakroom along with b-fold doors and log b..."
"Viewing is a must on this superbly presented, extended three bedroom semi detached dormer bungalow. Situated in a highly regarded and coveted location set within close proximity of many desirable amenities including shops, schools, Sutton park and with good transport links. Offering the advant..."
"**LAST FEW UNITS REMAINING** A large attractive two bedroom, two bathroom apartment in the brand new Reliance Works. A beautifully restored three storey Grade II listed building comprising nine well appointed one- and two-bedroom apartments offering classic Georgian styling and exquisitely desig..."
***SUPERB DETACHED FAMILY HOME***SPACIOUS LOUNGE & LIVING ROOM***KITCHEN & DINING ROOM***UTILITY & SHOWER ROOM***FOUR BEDROOMS***FAMILY BATHROOM***LARGE REAR GARDEN***AMPLE OFF-ROAD PARKING & GARAGE***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***
"***LARGE PLOT*** *** THREE RECEPTION ROOMS*** ***LARGE DRIVEWAY*** ***AVAILABLE FOR VIEWINGS*** Dixons are pleased to present this fantastic opportunity to acquire an extremely large family home! This wonderful property is set upon two plots of land allowing a great size frontage, with ample park..."
"NO CHAIN - Extended detached family home situated in this highly sought after cul de sac, close to Moseley village centre and excellent local schooling. Featuring four bedrooms, two bathrooms and two large reception rooms, along with study, gym, w/c and open plan kitchen plus utility room."
*** VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED *** This is a superb opportunity to purchase this stunning three-bedroom terrace home. Positioned in the heart of the highly desirable Moor Pool Conservation Area. Moor Pool is a picturesque location and this much loved home is in close proximity to the tranquil...
"A traditional semi detached property set within this charming Edwardian suburb of Harborne. Set over three floors, the three bedroom family home is well presented throughout and is set within a great location for local amenities"
"Beautifully situated in a cul de sac location on the very popular Pear Tree Estate is this superb extended semi-detached property that benefits from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The interiors include; light and airy entrance hall, spacious through lounge, extende..."
"Welcome to this superb four bedroom detached family home in the much sought after Martineau Gardens estate. The property boasts welcoming living room, open plan kitchen/diner with the luxuries of two bath/shower rooms, utility, integral garage, driveway and rear garden. Offered with no upward..."
"The Orchards is a development of nine spacious, luxury, high specification homes. Located on the edge of Harborne, they are within walking distance to Harborne village high street, offering high specification fixtures and fittings, along with inspiring, professional interior design. The a..."
"Welcome to The Orchards, BRAND NEW HOMES in a much sought after location walking distance to Harborne High Street. A bespoke collection of nine high specification NEW HOMES, boasting Four bedrooms and Four bathrooms situated over three storeys, complete with driveway and rear garden. Inte..."
"This superbly extended five bed semi detached property occupies a most enviable and convenient location ideally situated for many desirable amenities including shops, schools and transport links. With excellent accommodation including a separate bath and shower room, guest cloakroom, along with t..."
"EXQUISITELY DESIGNED INDUSTRIAL STYLE two-bedroom, two-bathroom property offering a unique opportunity, setting new standards for luxury living within the Birmingham market in the city's Gun Quarter. Offering a high standard of living, the property's focal point is the open plan kitchen ..."
"*** FIVE BEDROOMS – RECENTLY REFURBISHED – NO UPWARD CHAIN *** Oakmans are delighted to offer this beautifully presented, five-bedroom, semi-detached family home, located within the desirable Etwall Road, Birmingham. The property briefly comprises of entrance hallway, three rece..."
"A spacious two bedroom two bathroom apartment in one of the regions most prestigious and intimate residential developments. This first floor property includes two reception rooms, separate kitchen, balcony, gates parking space plus private garage. A rare opportunity not to be missed."
"High-end two, three bedroom apartments and townhouses, right in the heart of Birmingham's iconic Jewellery Quarter."
OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN - A truly outstanding and an extremely rare opportunity to acquire a family home possessing unlimited potential and ideal for arterial access to Erdington and Birmingham centres. This beautifully extended six bedroom detached family home boasts three receptio...
"**LAST FEW UNITS REMAINING** A larger than average attractive two bedroom, two bathroom with original features apartment in the brand new Reliance Works. A beautifully restored three storey Grade II listed building comprising nine well appointed one- and two-bedroom apartments offering classic G..."
"Bairstow Eves are pleased to offer this much extended and improved semi detached property for sale on the popular Woodlands road, this property must be viewed in order to appreciate the size. The property in brief comprises; integral garage, porch, entrance hallway, two reception room..."
"A brand new three-bedroom Freehold townhouse with secure gated parking with EV charging point and garden to the rear available to move in March 2023, part of the stunning Heaton House development situated in the ever-popular Jewellery Quarter."
"BACK TO MARKET: City centre view apartments located in Birmingham with only £34,500cash required to own the property.Projected rental income starts from £11,450. A993"
"SNOW HILL WHARF | Premium Canalside Living | 5th Floor 3 Bed Luxury Apartment With Balcony | 2 Parking Spaces Included in Price | Furniture Pack Included- Ready to Move in! | 1101sqft | Master Bedroom with Ensuite & Fitted Walk In Wardrobes | Residents Gym & Lounge, Steam Room & Sauna..."
"**SAVE UP TO £25,350 WITH OUR KEY WORKER CONTRIBUTION SCHEME AND WE'LL INCLUDE FLOORING* WHEN YOU MOVE TO THIS HOME**. This three storey home offers plenty of space for a growing family. The ground floor includes a spacious open plan kitchen diner with French doors leading to the garden. Along wi..."
***PART EXCHANGE AVAILABLE***. This three storey home offers plenty of space for a growing family. The ground floor includes a spacious open plan kitchen diner with French doors leading to the garden. Along with a sizeable lounge for all the family to relax. The first floor features two double an...
"* FANTASTIC STUDENT INVESTMENT PROPERTY – FIVE BEDROOMS – FIVE BATHROOMS * Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic investment opportunity located on a prime student road within Selly Oak, Birmingham. Ideally situated for the University of Birmingham, Selly Oak Retail Park and Queen..."
Introducing this beautifully presented extended three bedroom family home in the popular location of Moseley.
"A must see beautiful detached bungalow in a fantastic location, viewing is essential to appreciate the size and potential of this wonderful property. Ideal for families. Benefiting from being situated close to great local schools and amenities"
***WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***EXTENDED FAMILY HOME***FOUR/FIVE BEDROOMS***TWO BATHROOMS***MUCH SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION***VIEWING ESSENTIAL***0.4 MILES FROM WYLDE GREEN STATION***0.1 MILES FROM ST NICHOLAS PRIMARY SCHOOL***
"Finished to a high specification. 3 bedroom traditional style semi-detached home. Having impressive open plan living kitchen family room, lounge & sitting room, wc & utility. 3 good sized bedrooms & superb family bathroom, store & driveway. Impressive landscaped garden. Good school catchments."
"**DEVELOPMENT NOW OVER 80% SOLD, SHOW HOME AVAILABLE TO VIEW** BRAND NEW, BEAUTIFUL Town House with LUXURY open plan living, CONTEMPORARY kitchen, PORCELANOSA bathrooms, PARKING & COURTYARD GARDEN, 10 year warranty, exclusive gated development. **DEVELOPMENT NOW OVER 80% SOLD, SHOW HOME AVAIL..."
STUNNING DETACHED EXTENDED BUNGALOW! This property has been stripped back to brick and completley refirbished! FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS two of them with walk in wardrobes and ensuites and a HUGE KITCHEN DINER that will be the envy of all who visit! Frontage and rear in the process of being finished!
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED & MUCH LOVED HOME offering GENEROUS ACCOMMODATION. Benefitting from TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, UTILITY & DOWNSTAIRS W.C. FANTASTIC LOFT SPACE with En SUITE , TWO GARAGES and Sweeping Driveway. EP Rating D"
"** NEW YEAR - NEW HOME - READY TO MOVE INTO *** LAST PLOT REMAINING *** FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** TWO FAMILY BATHROOMS *** New build Detached Family Home comprising of Two Reception Rooms, Kitchen, Utility Room, Guest W.C., Five Bedrooms with master having En-Suite and Two Family Bathrooms."
"The Property
PERFECTLY LOCATED 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE, MUST BE VIEWED TO BE APPRECIATED. Purplebricks are pleased to offer this lovely presented family detached property ideally located in Sutton Coldfield with transport links, close to Sutton Park, shops, and schools. The lovely home is set b..."
"Welcome to Denholm Road, Boldmere, Sutton Coldfield, B73. A well presented four bedroom semi detached home ideal for a family, The property boasts two reception rooms, an open kitchen with a conservatory diner, downstairs wc and garage and the first floor offers four good sized bedroom..."
WOW! Once in a lifetime purchase. With FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS this Dormer Extended DETACHED Bungalow has everything to offer. Newly Fitted with external insulation and a brand new WARM ROOF over the Kitchen & a pod point car charger if ECO is your game then this is for you.
"A simply stunning two bedroom Grade II Listed Mews House situated in the brand new Pressworks Development in the heart of Birmingham's prestigious Jewellery Quarter. Unique and one of a kind, this brand new development is full of character and unique features."
"Acres are delighted to offer for sale this superb freehold property council tax band F. Located on a very popular residential position and offering excellent space and Kardean flooring throughout the ground floor. The interiors enjoy large enclosed porch, welcoming entrance hall, guests cloakro..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a luxury stylish and beautifully presented five-bedroom semi-detached home measuring 1466 sq ft approx. The Mulberry benefits from a large open plan kitchen/diner, two reception rooms, five bedrooms, two bathrooms and guest w.c."
"The Gold Collection is proud to present this beautifully contemporary 3 bedroom detached dormer bungalow, designed and built to an exceptionally high standard throughout."
"Purplebricks Great Barr are pleased to offer this well maintained four-bedroom detached home which benefits from having off road parking within walking distance to local shops and schools. The property comprises of a enclose front porch, entrance hallway, front living room 3.76m x 3.36m, rear ..."
"Stunning executive family home located on a popular residential road. Close to all local amenities including great school catchment, shops, public transport links and a selection of parks with excellent leisure facilities. Accommodation briefly comprises of porch, entrance hallway, three receptio..."
"Offering incredibly versatile and beautifully presented interiors this freehold, council tax band D, three storey property is wonderful throughout. There is also a fitted lift between the sitting room and bedroom two, perfect if you have a family member with mobility issues. The interiors ve..."
"Extended and renovated to create a stunning show piece rear extension with modern bespoke luxury kitchen with central island and seating area, with scope for cosy area too. A fabulous family home with wide appeal to those looking for the ""ready made home"" in this sought after location."
"Central Birmingham apartments in prime B1 postcode from £220,000. View a free info pack today. A420"
"*FANTASTIC STUDENT PROPERTY – SEVEN BEDROOMS – TWO BATHROOMS – LET UNTIL JULY 2024* Introducing this student property in a fantastic location, offering accommodation briefly comprising of; seven bedrooms, two bathrooms and an open plan kitchen living area. Set in the main studen..."
"**JUST LAUNCHED** Introducing 48 unique homes in the heart of Birmingham’s prestigious Jewellery Quarter! The Pressworks is located in the heart of Birmingham’s prestigious Jewellery Quarter. Just moments from the famous St Paul’s Square, The Colmore Business District and Birmingham City Centre..."
**DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM BUNGALOW!! AN OPPORTUNITY NOT TO BE MISSED!!
A Modern Five Bedroom Detached House In This Popular Cul De Sac Location On The Well Regarded Hollywood Grange Development Built by Messrs Bovis
Edwards & Gray Estate Agents are proud to offer for sale one of a kind versatile five bedroom semi-detached home in the sought after area of Sutton Coldfield. Situated in a quiet cul de sac location with many popular local schools within close proximity being an ideal family home...
An extended three bedroom semi-detached property situated in a sought after location of Harborne. The property benefits from being in a cul-de-sac and has off-road parking. Don't miss your chance to view this fantastic house! Call our sales team today on to book your viewing today!
"A beautifully presented family home with spacious accommodation throughout and an abundance of charm, character and original features. Situated in a prime Harborne location within easy reach of amenities and schools"
"VIEWINGS RECOMMENDED FOR THIS SPACIOUS SIX BEDROOM FAMILY RESIDENCE situated in this popular location in Kings Heath. This property comprises of Three Reception Rooms, Kitchen, Utility Room, Downstairs W.C, Six Bedrooms, Family Shower Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Off Road Parking, Garage and Rear Gard..."
****FIVE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME SITUATED ON A CORNER PLOT WITH POTENTIAL SUBJECT TO PLANNING FOR FURTHER EXTENSION***
***FANTASTIC TRADITIONAL SEMI DETACHED HOUSE*** VERY FLEXIBLE ACCOMMODATION INCORPOATING A GROUND FLOOR BEDROOM AND WET ROOM***3 FURTHER DOUBLE BEDROOMS***GAS CENTRAL HEATING***DOUBLE GLAZING***REFITTED BATHROOM AND KITCHEN***LARGE GARDEN***
"VIEWINGS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR THIS LARGE FOUR BEDROOM VICTORIAN FAMILY RESIDENCE situated in this lovely location in Kings Heath. This property comprises of Two Reception Rooms, Kitchen, Dining Room, Utility Room, Downstairs W.C, Conservatory, Four Bedrooms, Bathroom, Off Road Parking and a Pri..."
"A beautiful traditional cottage set on the edge of the renowned 524 acre Lickey Hills Country Park and conveniently located for sought after schooling, golf course, the Midlands motorway network and just 1.5 miles from the regenerated Longbridge retail development. The prop..."
**NOW READY TO MOVE IN** Presenting this well designed and spacious three storey townhouse offering three bedroom accommodation in the brand new Copperworks Development in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter.
** PRESTIGIOUS JEWELLERY QUARTER LOCATION** HIGH SPECIFICATION** COMPLETING SOON** GRADE II LISTED BUILDING** LUXURY ONE OF A KIND TOWNHOUSE**
NOT YOUR AVERAGE SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY. VIEW WITH US AND CHOOSE SILVEROAK HOMES TODAY!
Huge Penthouse Available in the Highly Desirable Britannic Park Moseley - 4 bed - 3 Bath
"This 5 bedroom period property provides spacious accommodation set across three storeys. Situated in a prime location within Northfield, close to local amenities and transport links via both road and rail, and benefitting from off-road parking and a spacious rear garden. In brief, the property..."
"KLARICO Estate Agents are delighted to present this stunning 5 bedroom detached property. Situated within a sought after street in Hall Green, Birmingham. Features a beautiful rear garden and benefits from having a stunning rear extension."
MOVE WITH CONFIDENCE WITH SILVEROAK HOMES - STYLE. ELEGANCE. LUXURY.
"RARE OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE A BEAUTIFULLY DESIGNED HOME, OOZING WITH CHARACTER, AND CHARM, WITH A MODERN DESIGN, AND PERFECTLY SITUATED. Within minutes of the M6, M5, BIRMINGHAM CITY CENTRE AND SO MUCH MORE, this is truly an opportunity not to be missed. Further benefits include a large drivew..."
RENTED - COMPLETED - INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - YIELDS of 5.21% - 1 & 2 bedrooms available.
Very well-located terraced property set in the ever-popular Park Hill Road. The accommodation is set over three floors and offers flexible arrangements for a variety of options. The ground floor is currently a dual aspect lounge/dining room plus a study/further bedroom. The lower ground floor com...
"NO CHAIN! ""Location, location, location!"" Within WALKING DISTANCE TO HIGH STREET. Here is a house that must be viewed to appreciate as it offers endless VERSATILE LIVING ACCOMODATION. With a LARGE MODERN KITCHEN, THREE RECEPTION ROOMS and PERIOD FEATURES, this property ticks all the boxes!"
"BACK ON THE MARKET ACT FAST! It is a privilege to offer for sale this incredible detached family home that has wonderful modern interiors throughout. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The property offers, large well-presented entrance hall, classically..."
"Spectacular two-bedroom home spanning across an impressive 900 square feet, with window walls letting in natural light from the western side of the city.Designed with a modern aesthetic and high-quality finish, this bright and beautiful apartment is located in Birmingham's sought after city centre."
The three bedroomed freehold semi detached residence of immense charm and character which needs to be viewed to be fully appreciated. EP Rating: D
***IMMACULATE THREE BED SEMI DETACHED***OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINING ROOM/LOUNGE***UTILITY AND DOWNSTAIRS WC***OFFICE/STUDY***OFF ROAD PARKING AND GOOD SIZED REAR GARDEN***DESIRABLE LOCATION***CLOSE PROMIXITY TO WYLDE GREEN TRAIN STATION***
"Port Loop is an award-winning project designed to create a future neighbourhood close to the City Centre. This fabulous 4 bedroom Port Loop 'Town House' is one of the best possible plots in the scheme, with direct access to the canal from the rear terrace located off the lounge. The pro..."
"A stunning, characterful 4 bedroom, semi-detached home on the peaceful and well located Manor Road North in Edgbaston. This attractive home has been thoughtfully improved and updated and occupies an e..."
"**ONE OF A KIND** PRESTIGIOUS JEWELLERY QUARTER LOCATION** LUXURY DUPLEX** YIELDS UP TO 5.3%** HIGH SPECIFICATION** GRADE II LISTED BUILDING**
"
"This stunningly presented much improved traditional style three bed semi-detached property has been the subject of a thorough redevelopment creating a stylish and impressive family home. Ideally situated for many desirable amenities including sought after schools, nearby Wylde Green train station..."
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented four bedroom detached property situated in the most convenient location of The Holdens, Hall Green, B28. This property has been renovated throughout and boasts an impressive amount of land to the rear and side!"
"Viewhome now open! Take a look at our elegantly designed Paris 4-bedroom viewhome.
The Paris has everything you need from a dual aspect lounge opening out to the rear garden, to an open plan kitchen-diner with a handy utility cupboard. Working"
*** HUGE PLOT*** 5 DOUBLE BEDROOMS*** DOUBLE DETACHED GARAGES*** INCREDIBLE ACCESS LINKS*** FRONT AND REAR GARDENS***
"Offered with no onward chain, this two bedroom bungalow provides good-sized single-storey accommodation on a large plot of land featuring an impressive garden in the sought-after area of Selly Park, Birmingham. Close to local amenities and transport links. In brief, the property comprises of t..."
"Tastefully presented throughout, this delightful traditional terraced property offers two reception rooms, extended kitchen with integrated appliances, ground floor WC, garden room, three double bedrooms and recently re-fitted bathroom. Easy to maintain enclosed rear garden. New carpets have been..."
"Modern Freehold Detached Residence, Enclosed Porch, Hall, Guest Cloakroom, Lounge, Dining Room, fitted Kitchen, two Conservatories, four Bedrooms (En-suite Shower Room off Master), family Bathroom, side-by-side garages, pleasant gardens, central heating and double glazing as described and alarmed."
*** WELL-PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY *** LIVING ROOM AND DINING ROOM *** DOWNSTAIRS W/C *** FITTED KITCHEN *** FAMILY BATHROOM *** SECURE REAR GARDEN *** DRIVEWAY *** WALKING DISTANCE OF MOSELEY VILLAGE *** GREAT TRANSPORT LINKS TO CITY CENTRE ***
"DETACHED HOME in a PLEASANT POSITION on the popular BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST ESTATE. With THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, UTILITY and LARGE GARAGE. Located on a CORNER PLOT with GREAT POTENTIAL offering NO CHAIN. EP Rating C"
Acres are delighted to offer for sale this excellent traditional styled freehold property that is council tax band E. Perfectly located in the heart of Wylde Green on a very popular residential road this super property has excellent accommodation throughout including large welcoming entrance ...
*** THREE BEDROOMS *** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED *** EXTENDED AND OPEN PLAN *** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION *** CLOSE PROXIMITY TO SUTTON PARK ***
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £475,000 - £500,000*"
Maguire Jackson are excited to market this superb live/work freehold townhouse located in this high specification development in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter the badgeworks. the property has access to a fantastic terrace as well as a secure gated parking space.
"A stunning five bedroomed family home - do not miss out on this oppourtunity to view! Benefiting  from being in a great, sought after location, semi rural, on the same road as The Coppice Primary and Woodrush Secondary Schools and lots of local ameneties. You have 4  double bedroo..."
Strong Return on Investment - Earn maximum capital appreciation on this gorgeous apartment in Birmingham with brand-new fixtures. 5% projected rental returns. A635
***DETACHED***FOUR BEDROOMS***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***KITCHEN/DINER***CONSERVATORY***DOWNSTAIRS WC***OFF ROAD PARKING***DOUBLE GLAZING & CENTRAL HEATING***NO CHAIN***
"This deceptive detached MUST BE SEEN!! the property is situated in Water Orton and would make a beautiful family home. The property has been extended to the rear and on the first floor and comprises hallway, lounge, kitchen, dining room, second reception room, downstairs w.c, four bedrooms, bathr..."
***DETACHED***FIVE BEDROOMS***THROUGH LOUNGE***KITCHEN***CONSERVATORY***DOWNSTAIRS SHOWER ROOM & CLOAKROOM***OFF ROAD PARKING***OUTBUILDING***
"No upward Chain. Situated beautifully on this ever popular residential road this freehold property benefits from both double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified) Council tax band E. The interiors include entrance hall, guests cloakroom, dining room, generous family lounge and..."
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a four bedroom detached family home, on a beautiful tree lined street within good school catchments, including King Edward VI Camp Hill. The property has been much loved by the current owners for circa 50 years and, as such, is in need of modernisation. This d..."
"***FOUR BEDROOMS - TWO BATHROOMS - DETACHED - DRIVEWAY/ GARAGE*** Oakmans are delighted to offer this larger than usual four bedroom detached house for sale. Situated on Foxfield Road with great transport links, giving fantastic access to the motorways, A38 and Birmingham City Centre. Lo..."
"A deceptively spacious 5 bedroom family detached home close to Royal Sutton Park. Good school catchment. Quiet cul-de-sac. Close to main road & rail links. Having lounge & dining room, refitted kitchen, master bedroom with en-suite & separate family bathroom, Integral garage & driveway"
"OFFERING VACANT POSSESSION, NO UPWARD CHAIN. This four (five) bedroom detached family property offers family accommodation being close to schools for all ages of children, local shops and walking distance of Sutton Park. With accommodation briefly comprising. Porch, reception hall, guest w.c., ..."
"Oakmans are delighted to offer this beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached property. Located within the ever popular Edgbaston, this property offers fantastic transport links into Birmingham City Centre, nearby local amenities, sought after schools, Edgbaston reservoir and nearby parks..."
"VIEWINGS RECOMMEND FOR THIS FOUR BEDROOM, THREE STOREY FAMILY RESIDENCE situated in this popular location in Kings Heath. This property offers spacious accommodation through out and comprises of Two Reception Rooms, Dining Kitchen, Utility/Downstairs W.C, Four Bedrooms, Family Shower Room, Linen ..."
"Offered with no onward chain, this beautifully positioned semi-detached property is situated in an enviable semi-rural location, nearby to the villages of Alvechurch and Hopwood. The private development is approached via a private tree lined driveway and is surrounded by stunning views over the s..."
"KLARICO Estate Agents are delighted to introduce this 6 bedroom semi-detached property, conveniently located within a sought after street in Hall Green, Birmingham. This property is well maintained and done up to a very good standard with off-road parking."
"*A SUPERB EXTENDED FAMILY HOME IN A PRIME LOCATION BEING OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN!* This very well presented, much improved and extended family home is perfectly positioned for access to all of the nearby places of interest including being ideally placed for the much in demand local schools, ..."
"A traditional, three bedroom, mid terrace property, located on the prestigious Moor Pool estate. The property had been extended and benefits from three good sized bedrooms and cul-de-sac location. The accommodation comprises: Entrance hall, lounge, dining kitchen, three bedrooms, family bathr..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a beautifully presented three bedroom detached bungalow in Kings Norton, the property comprises in brief; entrance hallway, large lounge, kitchen, three good size bedrooms, wet room, utility area with w/c, large rear garden with man cave/bar/cinema room, off road..."
***NO CHAIN***SOUGHT AFTER RESIDENTIAL LOCATION***EXTENDED TRADITIONAL STYLE FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***EXTENDED BREAKFAST KITCHEN***LANDING***FOUR BEDROOMS - ONE WITH EN-SUITE***FAMILY BATHROOM***GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY***GOOD SIZED ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN*** 
"This truly remarkable semi-detached family home sits in a most convenient location for road and rail transport routes to Birmingham City Centre and is a short distance to both local shopping and schooling facilities. Outstanding within its setting, this expansive property is available for viewing..."
"Welcome to this versatile five bedroom semi detached family home within a popular Edgbaston location, just a stone's throw from Edgbaston Reservoir. The property boasts over 2300 square feet of accommodation including two reception rooms, separate kitchen, conservatory, family bathroom and sh..."
"** TRADITIONAL FOUR BEDROOM LINKED DETACHED RESIDENCE ** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS ** WOOD BURNING STOVE ** KITCHEN ** LEAN TO ** W.C ** FOUR PIECE FAMILY BATHROOM ** REAR GARDEN ** GARAGE & DRIVEWAY ** WALKING DISTANCE TO THE QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL, BIRMINGHAM UNIVERSITY ** CLOSE TO HARBORNE VILLAGE **"
"Traditional terraced property having spacious and well-presented accommodation, briefly comprising two reception rooms, extended kitchen with integrated appliances, conservatory, three double bedrooms and shower room on the first floor and second floor accommodation with principal bedroom, excell..."
** FIVE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/FAMILY ROOM ** GUEST W/C ** EXCELLENT TRANSPORT LINKS ** CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION ** EXTENDED **
"***FIVE BEDROOM EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED***LOCATED IN THE CENTRE OF BOLDMERE***WITHIN CLOSE PROXIMITY OF BOLDMERE ROAD SHOPS, BARS AND RESTAURANTS***EXTENDED ABOVE THE GARAGE***GROUND FLOOR WC AND SHOWER***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***OFF ROAD PARKING AND GOOD SIZED GARAGE***0.7 MILES FROM WYLDE GREEN TRA..."
"STUNNING DUPLEX apartment with MODERN open plan living, HIGH SPECIFICATION, 2 DOUBLE bedrooms, master with EN-SUITE, wrap around BALCONY. Close to The Mailbox, Brindleyplace and NEW STREET STATION. 5x2 is a unique development of 5 remarkable warehouse apartments, located in the heart of the th..."
An impressive and hugely deceptive property located in the established and popular area of Harborne and within the catchment for Harborne Primary School. The exceptionally large family home offers ori...
Minimum 35% Deposit Requiredon premium Birmingham apartments located in the Jewellery Quarter with amazing city centre views. A541
"Purplebricks Great Barr are pleased to offer this beautifully four-bedroom detached home which benefits from having off road parking / garage within walking distance to local shops and schools. A fantastic opportunity 4-bedroom detached property that comprises of an enclosed front porch, large..."
A stunning and much improved 4 bedroom semi-detached home on the quiet and well located Rosehead Drive which is a cul-de-sac in Harborne. Presented to an immaculate standard throughout this property o...
A modern and stylish four bedroom semi-detached property in a popular location of Harborne. This town house is set over three storeys and offers a spacious feel through-out. Rosehead Drive is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac with off-road parking for several cars.
This stunning CHAIN FREE five bedroom property is located in an excellent location within Acocks Green set back on Fox Hollies Road. The property is in excellent condition and ready to move into for the next owners. The property is spacious throughout. On entrance is a generous hallway with under...
"* FANTASTIC STUDENT INVESTMENT PROPERTY – FIVE BEDROOMS – TWO SHOWER ROOMS * Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic investment opportunity located on a prime student road within Selly Oak, Birmingham. Ideally situated for the University of Birmingham, Selly Oak Retail Park and Que..."
This superbly presented executive style four bed detached property occupies an enviable and convenient cul-de-sac location set within close proximity of many desirable amenities including a superior public transport network and excellent shops in the nearby centres of Boldmere and Wylde Green. Ha...
"*WONDERFUL LOCATION!* This wonderful three storey, four double bedroom period home located up this secluded leafy walkway in the heart of Moseley just off Woodbridge Road. The property itself has been fully modernised by the current owners but still retains some lovely period features including M..."
"The Bayswater is designed over 3 storeys, making plenty of flexible living spaces for families. It comes with a single garage and parking for 2 cars New homes development in the Hall Green area with access to good schooling, local amenities and public transport. Many Different plots available"
"*WONDERFUL BOURNVILLE PERIOD HOME WITH NO CHAIN!* Located on this much sought-after, tree lined road in the heart of Bournville is this beautiful, three double bedroom detached period home dating back to approx. 1913, which offers a wonderful opportunity to the right buyers to update and modernis..."
***MUCH SOUGHT AFTER BUNGALOW***FULLY REFURBISHED THROUGHOUT***IMMACULATELY PRESENTED***RE-FITTED KITCHEN***MASTER BEDROOM WITH EN SUITE***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***UTILITY ROOM***GARAGE***NO UPWARD CHAIN***VIEWING ESSENTIAL***
"*** IMMACULATELY PRESENTED SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY *** FIVE GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS *** BATHROOM, SHOWER ROOM AND AN EN-SUITE TO THE MASTER BEDROOM *** BEAUTIFUL KITCHEN/DINING ROOM *** EXTENDED TO THE REAR *** DOUBLE DRIVEWAY *** GARAGE *** UTILITY ROOM *** SECURE REAR GARDEN ***"
"Acres are proud to offer for sale this superb freehold and extended traditional styled property situated on this ever popular road. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The interiors include enclosed porch, entrance hall, guests cloakroom, sitting room..."
"**SHOW APARTMENT NOW AVAILABLE TO VIEW** A fabulous three bedroom, three storey townhouse located in the brand new Copperworks Development in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter."
"**Attention Investors!!Perfect for Buy to Serviced AccommodationWith up to 15% yield. Unique opportunity in this current market, Get in touch to Learn more**"
"This is an excellent freehold property council tax band E, beautifully positioned close to Boldmere's thriving community including, shops, restaurants, public transport and Sutton Coldfield's beauty spot that is Sutton Park. The property benefits from double glazing and gas central heating (bot..."
"If you are looking for the opportunity to create your dream family home, look no further as this spacious semi-detached property could be the one for you. Situated in a leafy location on the Bournville Village Trust, ideally placed for many local schools and amenities"
"""Location, location, location!"" Located on BOURNVLLE VILLAGE TRUST. Just a stone's throw from SENNELEYS PARK is this family home for sale with NO CHAIN. With a LARGE KITCHEN and TWO RECEPTION ROOMS and GARAGE, this property ticks all the boxes!"
A Superbly Presented & Greatly Extended Four Bedroom Semi Detached House With Southerly Facing Garden & Gated Driveway
5 Bedroom Detached Residence In Moseley With Huge Potential 
A Greatly Extended Four Bedroom Link Detached House IN This Most Convenient Location In Hollywood
Paul Carr Estate Agents are pleased to offer this extended and beautifully presented seven bedroom end of terrace family home which is situated on a popular and sought after residential road in Great Barr. The property has been vastly improved by the current owners to a very high standard. This i...
"Warwick Gardens offers the opportunity to own an individually designed, brand new home in Hall Green only 5 miles from Birmingham City Centre and 5 miles from Solihull Town Centre. This stunning detached family home boasts a high level finish throughout and will certainly not disappoint."
***INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - SEVEN BEDROOMS - GREAT LOCATION*** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic investment opportunity. The property is located on Bearwood Road which is within walking distance to local amenities and offers great transport links into Birmingham City Centre. ...
"NO CHAIN !!! THREE BEDROOMS & LOFT ROOM! This large mid terrace property is in a great location on the outskirts of Birmingham City Centre! With a ground floor Shower room as well as a first floor WC, TWO RECEPTION rooms & OFF ROAD PARKING this is just perfect for a family or first time buyer!"
"Substantial family sized home with further scope to Extended (STPP). This detached family home in brief comprises of Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Downstairs W.C., Side Lean too, Four Bedrooms with master having En-Suite and a further family Bathroom, Multiple Off Parking, Dbl Garage, Single Garage"
"*FANTASTIC STUDENT INVESTMENT PROPERTY – FIVE BEDROOMS – TWO BATHROOMS* Introducing this student investment property offering accommodation briefly comprising of; five bedrooms, two bathrooms, lounge and a kitchen. Currently let to 5 sharers at a rental income of £2253.33 until ..."
"Situated directly opposite Handsworth Park, the property is located in the heart of Handsworth, within short distance of Soho Road, Laurel road community sports centre, multiple schools and bus routes."
"*HMO INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY * FANTASTIC RETURN * GREAT KINGS HEATH LOCATION* Oakmans offer a fantastic licensed HMO six bedroom six ensuite investment opportunity, located in a great position on Westfield Road, Kings Heath. The property is currently fully occupied with rental i..."
"This deceptively spacious detached new build dormer bungalow has been constructed with a fine eye to specification and finish and offers the discerning buyer truly exceptional energy saving accommodation.Light and airy, inspection is highly recommended and reveals a square reception hallway which..."
"Well presented and spacious family home located in the heart of Water Orton. In brief the property comprises entrance hallway, lounge, dining area, family room, kitchen, downstairs wc, conservatory, five bedrooms, master with ensuite, family bathroom, front & rear gardens, off road parking and do..."
OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN - VACANT POSSESSION Situated in a most desired residential address this magnificent family home offers a delightful opportunity for any and all prospective buyers and will not disappoint on viewing. The property briefly comprises spacious fore gardens pro...
"A beautifully presented two-bedroom two-bathroom top floor apartment with dual aspect overlooking the canal and courtyard. This apartment is located in the original conversion of King Edwards Wharf, a Grade II listed building, and benefits from secure allocated parking, balcony and 24 hour concie..."
"A beautiful two double bedroom restored apartment, on the first floor of the Grade II listed Middlemore Hall, is entirely west-facing and has delightful windows that are in-keeping with its Georgian origins"
"Investor Opportunity: Prices start from just £110,995 in this brand-new and exclusive Birmingham residential investment 560m from the train station. A545"
"Newton Fallowell are delighted to offer this four bedroom detached family home. The property has lots of potential, being a corner plot with scope for extension subject to planning approval. The property also benefits from a single garage alongside a detached double garage that could easily be ad..."
*** FOUR BEDROOMS - THREE STOREY - THREE BATHROOMS*** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic home for sale. The property was built in 2018 and is situated in the heart of Edgbaston yet being within easy commuter distance to Birmingham City Centre and all of its fabulous amenities....
"*FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY * ATTRACTIVE RENTAL YIELD* Oakmans offer a fantastic investment opportunity with Holywell Lane, Rednal. A large plot with a semi detached dwelling offering seven indivudual rooms, and five bathrooms, a large kitchen and conservatory space, utili..."
***SEMI DETACHED***FOUR BEDROOMS***THREE RECEPTION ROOMS***KITCHEN***DOUBLE GLAZING***CENTRAL HEATING***NO CHAIN***
"PENTHOUSE: High rise Birmingham apartments with city centreand canal views for sale with 5% projected gross rental returns. Projected rental income starts from £11,450. A996"
"Centrick is proud to bring to the market a stunning 2 bedroom duplex apartment located in Priory House, Gooch Street North, Birmingham. Set over 2 floors this apartment has 2 double bedrooms each with its own ensuite aswell as an additional guest toilet and study. Build now complete and ready t..."
"A superb twist of characterful and modern, The Lightwell is a fantastic development in the heart of Birmingham City Centre This stunning two-bedroom apartment at 'The Lightwell', features two bathrooms, one of which is en-suite and a large open-plan living area fitted with floor to ceiling window..."
"An immaculately presented, recently refurbished, spacious and bright home. With 4 bedrooms and 3 brand new bathrooms. The home is incredibly finished and full of modern elegance with 1,982sq ft"
"Welcome to Sycamore Road, an extensively extended and refurbished four-bedroom home that offers generous living space for the modern family. Approached via printed concrete driveway which can comfortably house three cars, you are welcomed through a secure porch into a large entrance hallway. Do..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this well presented four bedroom semi-detached property situated in a popular part of Northfield. The property would be an ideal purchase for first time buyer, families or landlords. Situated in a convenient residential location having access to local amenitie..."
"A spacious property occupying a desirable location in a well-connected cul-de-sac Selly Park. A fantastic opportunity for investors as a licensed small HMO, currently let out on an AST (assured short hold tenancy), but would also readily appeal as a 4 bedroom family property with spacious kitchen..."
This is a large FOUR/FIVE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME in a great location! THREE RECEPTION ROOMS Ideal family home! LARGE REAR GARDEN this one is not to be missed!
"This well presented modern style extended three double bed (formerly four) detached property occupies an enviable and convenient cul-de-sac location set within close proximity of many desirable amenities including nearby schooling, Sutton Park and Princes Alice Retail Park. Accessed via a most we..."
"Available to view via Paul Carr Erdington this is an extremely rare opportunity to acquire a six bedroom three storey double fronted family home which affords an extensive corner plot having three reception rooms, two bathrooms and extensive gardens/grounds offering ample parking and providing t..."
"A beautifully presented & extended link detached family home benefitting from no upward chain, lounge, impressive family kitchen, utility room, guest WC, three bedrooms, four piece family bathroom, landscaped rear garden, garage/storage and off road parking "
"New Launch - Where else can you invest in completed and tenanted property in Birmingham for £299,995? Receive a forecast rental income from £4,250 per year. View floor plans today! A546"
***EXTENDED SPACIOUS TRADITIONAL SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME***IMMACULATELY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***FIVE GOOD SIZE BEDROOMS***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***MODERN AMPLE KITCHEN/DINER***SEPARATE UTILITY ROOM***GUEST W.C.***STYLISH EN-SUITE TO DOWNSTAIRS BEDROOM FIVE***LUXURY FAMILY BATHROOM***GOOD SIZE REAR ...
*** RARE OPPORTUNITY *** CORNER PLOT *** CALLING ALL INVESTORS AND UPSIZERS *** DO NOT MISS OUT *** DETACHED *** FOUR BEDROOMS *** TWO BATHROOMS *** SEPARATE OUTDOOR SPACES *** HUGE KITCHEN *** GATED FRONT *** DRIVEWAY ***
A spacious dormer bungalow situated in a popular and convenient location and benefitting from a large rear garden and no onward chain. Viewing is a must to appreciate what this property has to offer
*** SUPERB EXTENDED DETACHED PROPERTY *** FOUR BEDROOMS *** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS *** CONSERVATORY *** MODERN FITTED KITCHEN *** FAMILY ROOM *** GROUND FLOOR SHOWER ROOM *** UTILITY ROOM *** FAMILY BATHROOM *** MASTER ENSUITE *** CENTRALLY HEATED (WHERE SPECIFIED) *** DOUBLE GLAZED *** FRONT AND RE...
"9.4% Rental Yield - £42,500 p.a rental income on FRI Lease "
"VIEWING IS ESSENTIAL TO APPRECIATE THIS GRADE II LISTED, END OF TERRACE PROPERTY with OFF ROAD PARKING, situated in a much sought after location. Accommodation is set across three floors and includes two reception rooms, modern kitchen, three bedrooms, second floor bathroom, a delightful rear gar..."
SOUTH LOOP GREEN | 4 bedrooms | Freehold | No Chain | Driveway parking | Immaculate condition
"Hadleigh's are delighted to offer this stunning three storey extended town house for sale. Located off the pershore road, Riverside drive is setback beyond private electric gates. Excellent transport links to Birmingham City Centre, Queen Elizabeth Hospital and University of Birmingham. "
"The Hexham fulfills all of your family needs with three or four bedrooms depending on your preference – bedroom four could be used as a study area, ideal for working from home. A downstairs utility with a 2-burner hob and a ground floor WC with shower offers you enough choice and"
"A PERFECTLY LOCATED 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE WITH LARGE CONSERVATORY, MUST BE VIEWED TO BE APPRECIATED. **OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN!!** Purple Bricks are pleased to offer this lovely presented family semi-detached property ideally located in Sutton Coldfield with excellent transport links, clo..."
"This superbly presented three bed detached dormer bungalow has recently been comprehensively improved throughout ,occupying a highly regarded and much coveted location set off Monmouth Drive within close proximity of Boldmere and Sutton Park it enjoys a wealth of amenities including local schools..."
*** FANTASTIC WELL-PRESENTED STUDENT PROPERTY WITH AN OPEN PLAN FITTED KITCHEN LIVING AREA – SIX BEDROOMS – TWO BATHROOMS – LET FOR CURRENT ACADEMEIC YEAR AND ALSO LET FOR ACADEMIC YEAR 2023/2024 - *** Introducing this homely student property offering accommodation briefly comprising of...
"A beautifully presented and substantially extended detached family home situated in a most sought after road. Offering accommodation comprising an extended through lounge/diner, extended and re-fitted kitchen, utility room, guest W.C, four good size bedrooms, en-suite shower room, re-fitted famil..."
"This is a lovely detached residence that is freehold and council tax band E. The interiors are light and airy and include enclosed porch, entrance hall, very generous through lounge with doors out to garden, fitted kitchen with a range of cream toned units. To the first floor are four bedrooms ..."
"Stunning semi detached character property in the heart of Water Orton Village. Check out the video tour...
"
This well presented much improved traditional style three double bed semi detached property occupies a coveted and sought after location set within close proximity of many amenities including desirable schools and shops as well as nearby Sutton Park. With accommodation including three reception ...
Situated in a most desired residential address this magnificent family home offers a delightful opportunity for any and all prospective buyers and will not disappoint on viewing. The property briefly offers a spacious fore garden providing ample parking with integral garage leading off. A porch ...
"WELL DESIGNED - Three bedroom semi detached property located on an extremely popular Road which runs between Darnick Road and Stonehouse Road. Offering vacant possession with NO UPWARD CHAIN, this property is close to all essential amenities enjoying being close to shops, restaurants, schools for..."
"REF AK0306 - 3 BEDROOM SEMI IN A GOOD LOCATION - CENTRAL WYLDE GREEN LOCATION - 2 RECEPTION - KITCHEN WITH POTENTIAL TO EXTEND - UPSTAIRS SHOWER ROOM WITH SEPARATE TOILET - CENTRAL HEATED - OFF ROAD PARKING - GARDEN TO REAR -
"
"*** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - GREAT LOCATION – CURRENTLY TENNANTED *** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic property for sale on Warwards Lane, Selly Oak, Birmingham. The property briefly comprises of large entrance hallway set out as living space, fitted kitchen/diner w..."
A rare opportunity to purchase an excellent 3 bedroom townhouse on the peaceful and well located Beech Road in Harborne. Built in 2007 this small collection of well-built townhouses occupy an enviable...
"A contemporary four bedroom detached family home offering versatile accommodation within this secluded cul-de-sac location. Offered for sale with no upward chain the property has two spacious reception rooms & conservatory, off road parking, garage and private rear garden. EP Rating E"
** ONE BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR MAISONETTE ** LOUNGE ** FITTED KITCHEN ** BEDROOM ** BATHROOM ** ** GREAT TRANSPORT LINKS TO BIRMINGHAM CITY CENTRE **DROPPED KERB TO PARKING AREA *** LONG LEASE *** COMMUTABLE DISTANCE TO THE QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL & BIRMINGHAM UNIVERSITY **
"This much loved superbly proportioned well appointed modern style four bed detached home has recently been the subject of a make-over creating a desirable opportunity for discerning buyers. Offering close proximity to many local amenities including, schools, shops, transport links and green space..."
"A well located, 3 bedroom detached home on the quiet and easily accessible The Close in Harborne. Offering scope for improvement this sizeable home occupies an excellent, private plot with pleasant ou..."
"STUNNING THREE BEDROOM DORMER BUNGALOW IN A POPULAR LOCATION IN SUTTON COLDFIELD WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN, CLOSE TO WALMLEY VILLAGE AMENITIES AND EXCELLENT TRANSPORT LINKS Off road parking for multiple vehicles, Wide entrance hall, Spacious living room, Beautiful kitchen, Utility room, Shower room..."
"Innovate Estate Agents are pleased to present this Luxury & Contemporary development, The Constables! This development consists of 9 Homes, 5 Five bedroom detached homes and 4 Three bedroom Semi-detached homes. Phase 1 (Plots 1 & 2) consist of FIVE BEDROOMS, LOUNGE, 'LARGE' KITCHE..."
*** Five Bedroom Family Home – Extended – Lounge – Dining Room – Breakfast Kitchen – Driveway And Garage *** An extended five bedroom link detached family home situated on a quiet cul-de-sac in the popular area of Hollywood. This lovely family home is set back from the road with a drivew...
"* INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY * PRIME STUDENT LOCATION * Oakmans offer a traditional terraced property in a great location within Selly Oak. Based on Dale Road near to the University of Birmingham & Queen Elizabeth Hospital, the property offers 5 bedrooms over 3 floors with 2 bathroo..."
"A beautiful Grade ll listed conversion of The Million Penn Building. This luxury two bedroom, two bathroom apartment is located on the top floor of the development. Boasting no upward chain and a secure, allocated parking space. "
"A well presented semi-detached family home situated at the end of a cul-de-sac location and offering accommodation comprising a spacious lounge, fitted kitchen/diner, utility room, guest W.C, four bedrooms, modern en-suite shower room, modern family bathroom, Southerly facing rear garden and driv..."
"A delightful and spacious four bedroom semi detached family home in a prominent B17 location. Inspired by the ""Arts & Crafts"" movement, this tastefully presented property offers double bedrooms, two reception rooms, large breakfast kitchen, two bath/shower rooms and a generous rear garden. In..."
"A stunning, much improved 2 bedroom semi-detached property on the quaint and well located Moor Pool Avenue in Harborne. Occupying an attractive, elevated position this character home has been improved..."
"Treasure House is a new development situated in the fashionable Jewellery Quarter district of Birmingham City Centre. Featuring 30 boutique style apartments with prices from £190,000. Finance is available and yields are projected at 6%. Service charge £1.40/sqft, 150 years lease and ground rent 0.1%"
"Revilo Homes are delighted to offer for sale this stunning 266 apartment development, standing 22 storeys canal-side and boasting a prime city centre location, luxury apartments and premium amenities, every Affinity Living development is built to attract and retain residents (*** The Development ..."
"Double Fronted Detached Home Situated In A Sought After Location. Recently Refurbished & Coming To The Market With NO UPWARDS CHAIN, Viewings Are Highly Recommended "
The chance to buy a 4 bedroom spacious semi detached freehold house with a driveway for two cars. Entrance via a porch into a hallway with wooden flooring. There is a reception room to the left and a reception room to the right. Door leading to the back of the house which is an open...
" 
 
The Becket"
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are proud to offer for sale this well presented Three bedroom, Three bathroom Detached house in the sought after cul-de-sac location of Cherry Walk, Hollywood, B47. BEING SOLD CHAIN FREE!"
"The perfect family home, with spacious bedrooms, large kitchen diner and driveway. Located in a quiet cul-de-sac close to good schools and Moseley Village. Property comprises of porch, guest w/c, reception room, kitchen diner, upstairs four bedrooms, family bathroom, and large study room off the ..."
"New to the market is this fabulous two double-bedroom penthouse apartment. This well-presented two double bedroom apartment briefly comprises a fantastic open plan fitted kitchen/living room, two double bedrooms, and a modern family bathroom. The property is light, and airy and is finishe..."
An impressive and newly renovated 2 bedroom bungalow located in the established and popular area of Harborne and within easy walking distance to the picturesque Queens Park & Warley Woods. The pro...
"A Fully Refurbished & Extended Semi Detached Family Home in a sought after location which in brief comprises of Lounge, Dining Room, Breakfast Kitchen, Utility Room, Downstairs Shower Room, Five Bedrooms & Family Bathroom. The property further benefits from Multiple Off Road Parking and rear Garden."
"*WONDERFUL GRADE II LISTED BARN CONVERSION IN THE HEART OF BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST* Offering immense charm and character throughout, this wonderful home offers a unique opportunity to live in a little piece of Bournville history in a location that is hard to beat! Perfectly placed for all the ar..."
"*CONSERVATORY * GARAGE * THREE BEDROOMS * FANTASTIC LOCATION* Oakmans offer a very well presented, three bedroom bungalow, located on the sought after Word Hill, Harborne. The property offers an initial porch entrance, spacious entrance hallway, lounge, modern kitchen with brea..."
"This is a wonderful traditional styled property located on a very popular residential road. The house is incredibly generous in size and benefits from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The interiors include enclosed porch, very spacious and welcoming hallway, front re..."
A Most Versatile Extended Four Bedroom Detached Dormer Bungalow In This Most Convenient Cul De Sac In Hollywood
"A well presented and deceptively spacious, extended, three bedroom semi detached property in a popular and convenient residential location. The property has been modernised, extended and comprises of three bedrooms, two spacious reception rooms with reception room one currently used as bedroom fo..."
"*A UNIQUE HOME WITH A STUNNING ANNEX! SOMETHING A LITTLE SPECIAL!* This is a real one-off! No doubt you've gone past and admired it, like we have! This wonderful Victorian semi-detached home has been designed and extended to offer a wonderful character home with a simply beautiful one / two bedro..."
"Highly individual two-bedroom duplex penthouse apartment offering attractive and individual living space, comprising open plan living/dining/kitchen area benefitting from good natural light from panel glazed windows and door leading onto balcony with views of the city , open staircase leading to ..."
Luxury residential apartments under 100m from popular bars and restaurants in a brand-new development. View floor plans today! A428
** IMMACULATELY PRESENTED FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY ** LOUNGE ** FITTED KITCHEN DINER ** CLOAKROOM/W.C ** EN-SUITE ** FOUR PIECE FAMILY BATHROOM ** SECURE REAR GARDEN ** GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY ** * COMMUTABLE DISTANCE TO THE QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL & BIRMINGHAM UNIVERSITY **
"Paul Carr Estate Agents are pleased to offer this modern four bedroom detached family home which is situated within a sought after cul de sac location in Great Barr. This property is being sold with the current tenants in place. The property comprises of an entrance hallway, w/c, spacious lounge,..."
The chance to buy a four bedroom detached house with an integrated garage and driveway for 2 cars. Entrance via a porch into a hallway with wooden laminate floor. door leading to a good size lounge and then arch way to a second reception room which has double doors leding to the garde...
"* IMMACULATE VICTORIAN END OF TERRACE * completely refurbished to the highest standard , with the added bonus of off road parking space to the the rear. Generous through lounge dining room , impressive fitted breakfast kitchen , three bedrooms , contemporary family bathroom with separate shower..."
"***THREE BEDROOM EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE***CLOSE PROXIMITY TO BOLDMERE ROAD SHOPS, BARS AND RESTAURANTS***WITHIN A MILE OF WYLDE GREEN TRAIN STATION***OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM***MODERN FAMILY BATHROOM***WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE***"
Five bedroom semi detached house
"A beautifully presented and modern six-bedroom property which has been stylishly re-furbished by the current owner. This extremely spacious property comes with lots of original period features and boasts four bedrooms on the first floor, two further spacious loft bedrooms, two reception rooms, la..."
"A stunning 6-bedroom semi-detached home in Birmingham. Perfect for large families or investors. Benefit from two large reception rooms, a downstairs WC, a dining room and a spacious kitchen. The first floor consists of four good-sized double bedrooms, the master bedroom with an en-suite and a fam..."
***SPACIOUS***FOUR GOOD SIZE BEDROOMS***LOUNGE WITH SEPARATE DINING ROOM***FITTED KITCHEN WITH SEPARATE UTILITY ROOM***GUEST W.C.***FAMILY BATHROOM PLUS EN-SUITE TO MASTER***POPULAR SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION IN CASTLE BROMWICH***GOOD SIZE PRIVATE GARDENS WITH POOL***AMPLE DRIVEWAY TO FORE***GARAGE***...
"VIEWINGS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR THIS LOVELY THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY RESIDENCE with the added benefit of Off Road Parking and a large Garden with brick built sheds to rear. This property comprises of a Living Room, Dining Kitchen, Conservatory, Downstairs W.C, Three Bedrooms and Bathroom. EP..."
"*A SUPERB 5 DOUBLE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME!* Set back from the main road behind hedgerows and a mature garden alongside a sweeping drive is this quite superb, five double bedroom, vastly extended family home which is being offered with no onward chain. The property offers excellent accommodation thro..."
*** STUNNING EXTENDED DETACHED HOUSE *** THREE BEDROOMS *** HALLWAY *** GENEROUS LOUNGE*** WONDERFUL EXTENDED DINING KITCHEN *** UTILITY ROOM *** GUEST CLOAKROOM *** MASTER ENSUITE *** FAMILY BATHROOM *** DOUBLE GLAZED ** CENTRALLY HEATED *** LOVELY REAR GARDEN *** GENEROUS DRIVEWAY *** GREAT LOC...
"Being a well presented, extended three bedroom family semi-detached home. Located in a popular location close to main road, train transport links & being in a good school catchment area for primary schooling. The property is in good order and has some retaining character features."
"Dixons are delighted to bring this immaculately presented detached family home to the market. Located on a quiet cul-de-sac in Moseley close to local parks, schools, amenities and transport links to Kings Heath, Hall Green and Moseley this property would make the ideal family home. Acco..."
"SPACIOUS FIVE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME IN MINWORTH, SUTTON COLDFIELD. NEAR TO LOCAL AMENITIES AND TRANSPORT LINKS Driveway for parking, Reception entrance, Two reception rooms and a separate dining room, Kitchen, Downstairs shower room, Large conservatory, Two upstairs bathroom, Five bedroo..."
"A spacious and well presented five bedroom semi-detached house, offered with two reception rooms, contemporary kitchen/diner, conservatory, shower room and modern family bathroom, rear garden with bar and off road parking with a garage, situated in Kings Norton, Birmingham.
"
"A wonderful opportunity to acquire a property requiring general modernisation in a sought-after location. This three bedroomed semi-detached house currently comprises of two reception rooms, kitchen, utility, ground floor WC, three bedrooms and bathroom. A large insulated loft and useful eaves st..."
A well presented terraced home that has been run as a successful rental property on the popular and conveniently located Harborne Park Road in Harborne. This well maintained property curren...
"A large THREE bedroom PENTHOUSE apartment at Broadway Residences, boasting TWO large balcony's with views across the City and secure allocated parking. Offered with tenant in situ or with vacant possession, this exclusive apartment is a must viewl to appreciate space on offer! With three double b..."
"Hunters are pleased to market for sale, with the benefit of NO UPWARD CHAIN this four bedroom, traditional semi detached home situated close to Boldmere amenities, Chester Road Train Station and local schools. Viewing of the property is essential to appreciate the deceptively spacious accommodati..."
"VIEWINGS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR THIS EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED RESIDENCE offering spacious family accommodation set out over three floors. This property comprises of Two Reception Rooms, Fitted Kitchen Diner. Four Bedrooms, Family Bathroom and Seperate W.C, Master Bedroom to Second Floo..."
"This is a stunning freehold detached residence council tax band E, located on a Cul-de-Sac off Green Lanes in the heart of Wylde Green. The interiors are wonderful and very briefly include large dining room, guests cloakroom, generous modern styled fitted kitchen, living room with feature wo..."
"A large family home or investment with tenants.
As a family home it offers five generous bedrooms and two reception rooms as well as a fitted kitchen, bathroom, guest w/c and master ensuite dressing and shower room.
As an investment there are currently SIX bedrooms and a communal living room and ..."
"An extensively refurbished, 3 bedroom semi-detached property on the well regarded and conveniently located Swarthmore Road. Occupying a sizeable plot this significantly improved home is approached via..."
"A STUNNING VICTORIAN TOWN HOUSE with NO UPWARD CHAIN in a VERY POPULAR LOCATION that offers 5 BEDROOMS, 4 RECEPTION ROOMS, PRIVATE DRIVEWAY, REAR GARDEN, STUNNING PERIOD FEATURES and MUCH MUCH MORE!!! Book your viewing with BURCHELL EDWARDS ERDINGTON TODAY!"
"****SPACIOUS SEMI DETACHED TRADITIONAL HOUSE***** Being offered to the market is a great opportunity to purchase this charming traditional property, four bed semi detached which would make a lovely family or possible investment purchase. Kings Norton is a popular leafy outer..."
"NOW 95% SOLD! Plot 12 is sensational 1,000 sq. ft. 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment, furnished to an incredible standard and is situated within a 10 minute walk from New St Station."
"Hunters are pleased to market for sale this well presented, four bedroom detached family home, situated in a popular residential location, close to amenities, schools and the 2,400 acre Sutton Park. Viewing of the property is highly advised to appreciate the size and space on offer. The..."
"New homes development in the Hall Green area with access to good schooling, local amenities and public transport. Many different plots available along with show homes to view. Please call to arrange a site visit."
***DETACHED FAMILY HOME***FOUR BEDROOMS***FITTED KITCHEN WITH SEPARATE UTILITY ROOM***LOUNGE***DINING ROOM/PLAY ROOM***DRESSING ROOM OFF MASTER BEDROOM***NO CHAIN***
"A fantastic 3 bedroom character home on the ever popular, centrally located Clarence Road, just a stones throw from Harborne's popular High Street. With an attractive frontage this prop..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this well presented three bedroom semi-detached property situated in a popular part of Kings Heath . The property would be a great purchase for first time buyers and families. Situated in a convenient residential location having access to local amenities such ...
"A well presented detached bungalow situated in a popular and highly convenient location. Benefitting from two double bedrooms, study, conservatory, rear garage and parking"
"A well presented and extended semi-detached family home situated in a most convenient location for local amenities. Offering accommodation comprising two reception rooms, extended breakfast kitchen, utility room, storage area, guest W.C, four good size bedrooms, family bathroom, private rear gard..."
Freehold Block of 5 x Self Contained Flats - Income Producing
"An extended five bedroom freehold semi detached home ideal for a family or multi generational living in a sought after location. This home boasts Three Reception Rooms, a Kitchen Diner, Five Bedrooms, Family Bathroom, Downstairs Shower Room and En-suite WC. There is a driveway for mult..."
"KLARICO Estate Agents are delighted to present this 4 bedroom semi-detached property located within a sought after street in Hall Green, Birmingham. Benefits from having a driveway and extension on ground floor. Currently in need of modernizing!"
"An extended three bedroom bungalow with potential to develop further (subject to planning) the property is located on the popular Smirrells Road in Hall Green, situated close to local amenities and Yardley Wood Rail Station with links into Birmingham City Centre."
This beautiful semi-detached family home spanning across three floors is nestled away on a quiet cul-de-sac with idyllic rural views over equine fields.
"BURCHELL EDWARDS, ERDINGTON are proud to present this BEAUTIFUL THREE BEDROOM SEMI DEATCHED HOME in an increasingly popular area of ERDINGTON. This PERFECT FAMILY HOME is not to be missed! So CALL NOW TO AVOID MISSING OUT!!"
Completed and tenanted investment opportunity in Birmingham with 5% projected rental returns. Stunning 2 and 3-bedroom apartments are available. View floor plans today! A427
CAPITAL GROWTH OPPORTUNITY: Earn maximum capital appreciation on these luxury Birmingham investments. A995
" Occupying a desirable location close-by to Lickey Hills Country Park is this charming, three-bedroom, mid-terraced cottage, enjoying a range of original period features, two reception rooms, conservatory, family bathroom, generous rear garden, and private off-road parking to the rear. The prope..."
"Apple Property Solutions are Pleased to Offer this Well Presented, Refurbished and Extended Detached Dormer Bungalow For Sale. Situated in a Popular Residential Location, Close to Local Amenities, Transport Link and Schooling. The Property Comprises of Large Block Paved Driveway and Fore Garden, Dou"
"*THREE BEDROOM PENTHOUSE* Are you looking for something special? Citygreens offers a unique collection of only four penthouse apartments comprising of three spacious bedrooms, two bathrooms, from 1130, sqft including a private garden roof terrace and parking with plenty of amenities nearby."
"***EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED - BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST ESTATE*** Oakmans are delighted to offer this well presented and extended semi detached house for sale, situated within the Bournville Village Trust Estate. The property has been decorated to a very high standard and trul..."
"The Pressworks is located in the heart of Birmingham’s prestigious Jewellery Quarter. Just moments from the famous St Paul’s Square, The Colmore Business District and Birmingham City Centre, the development occupies a premier location in the city’s most desirable district. Designed to preserve th..."
"An executive three bedroom detached house.
This spacious family home offers accommodation including an entrance porch and reception hallway, spacious living room, family dining room, breakfast kitchen with utility room and guest w/c.
Upstairs there three generous bedrooms and a family bathroom wi..."
"This superbly located traditional style four bed semi detached property occupies a coveted and convenient location set within close proximity of many desirable amenities including shops, schools and transport links. The accommodation itself briefly includes separate reception rooms along with a g..."
"A generously proportioned three bedroom detached house on a substantial corner plot, with separate garage block and two driveways, situated in the much sought after location of Cofton Hackett.
"
"What a home! This is a charming & unique detached residence sat on a very large plot with green space to the rear. Set back from the road & perfect for commuters, this large family home must be viewed. Please quote ref AT0132.
"
"Apple Property Solutions are Pleased to Offer this Extended Modern Semi-Detached Property For Sale. Situated in a Popular Residential Location, Just off Hamilton Avenue, Harbourne, Close to Local Amenities, Transport Links and Schooling. "
"Cordia Blackswan is proud to present this TWO-BED, TWO-BATH apartment in The Gothic. Set across 847 SQ FT, this bespoke home offers a spacious OPEN-PLAN kitchen/living area, a generous kitchen island and the latest fixtures and fittings. "
"A three bedroom property with central heating in a popular area and a short walk to Birmingham City Centre.
The property has a drop curb with space to create a double driveway at the front (which already has permission). The property needs some improvement but also has development potential espe..."
"A particularly well presented four bedroom detached house, offered with two reception rooms, a recently re-fitted breakfast kitchen (2021), a master bedroom with a dressing area and en suite, and an attractive low maintenance rear garden (re-landscaped 2021), situated in Northfield, Birmingham..."
"This is an incredible opportunity to purchase a modern styled detached property ideally located for many amenities. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The stunning interiors include enclosed porch, entrance hall, guests cloakroom / downstairs guest W.C...."
"This superbly located well proportioned extended modern style four bed detached property occupies a sought after and convenient cul-de-sac location set beside open green space and within close proximity of desirable amenities. With accommodation including a generous lounge, separate dining kitche..."
** COMING SOON !! ** The Star - A Fantastic Five Bedroom Property ** View Home available ** Don't Miss Out ** Last Plots Remaining ** Call Now to View Your Dream Home **
"A traditional three bedroom mid terrace property, located on the prestigious Moor Pool estate. The property benefits from a spacious entrance hall, two receptions rooms, three bedrooms and a family bathroom Margaret's Grove sits proudly in this quiet residential area and enjoys an excell..."
"*** Immaculately Presented Semi-Detached House * Three Bedrooms * Two Reception Rooms * Garage * Bournville Village Trust *** Oakmans are delighted to offer this immaculately presented, semi-detached property located on Green Meadow Road, Selly Oak. A beautiful family home which sits in..."
"Dixons are proud to present to market this fantastic detached property on the sought after road of Vernon Avenue, in the heart of Handsworth Wood. This is a well presented detached house benefitting from partial double glazing and gas central heating. The accommodation in brief compris..."
"This well proportioned four bed detached property occupies a sought after location set within close proximity of desirable amenities including local schools, shops, transport links and nearby Sutton Park. Offering the advantage of no onward chain and having scope for development throughout the ac..."
"Perfectly located 2 bedroom apartment in the heart of Birmingham with dual aspect canal and garden views from its 5.6m2 balcony. Designed to St Joseph's high standards, this SPACIOUS apartment boasts 757sq. ft."
WELL-PRESENTED 2/3 BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW ** SPACIOUS LOUNGE ** DINING ROOM/ THIRD BEDROOM** FITTED KITCHEN ** TWO FURTHER DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** BATHROOM *WELL-MAINTAINED REAR GARDENS ** DETACHED GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY FOR 3 CARS ** WALKING DISTANCE TO THE QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL * NO ONWARD CHAIN *
"Public Notice Apartment 124, Centenary Plaza, 18 Holiday Street, Birmingham, B1 1TH. We are acting in the sale of the above property and have received an offer of £455,000 Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchang..."
"Bairstow Eves are pleased to offer this spacious double fronted property for sale. Offering exceptional space throughout this property and in brief comprises; entrance hallway leading to two seperate reception rooms, spacious kitchen/diner. To the first floor there are two d..."
"A beautifully presented four bedroom detached house, offered with a modern kitchen/diner, lounge, en suite to the master bedroom, family bathroom, landscaped rear garden, off road parking and garage, situated in a modern and popular development in Cofton Hackett, Birmingham.
"
"View floor plans today for this apartment! Prices start from £100,000 in a brand-new Birmingham development only 900m from the Bullring shopping centre. A622"
SEMI-DETACHED three storey home. The spacious KITCHEN DINER enjoys FRENCH DOORS to the garden. The lounge is the perfect space for relaxing. Upstairs you'll find THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS across two floors. The main bedroom on the top floor comes with an EN SUITE.
"Spanning 836 sq ft, this two-bedroom apartment is ideally situated in Building Three of The Gothic. This bespoke home has been carefully crafted to meet the demands of the modern resident, whilst also providing a glimpse into The Gothic's colourful history."
***EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME***BREAKFAST KITCHEN/DINER***SPACIOUS LOUNGE & DINING ROOM***THREE GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS***FAMILY BATHROOM***SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN***AMPLE OFF-ROAD PARKING ***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***
No summary available..
A great opportunity to purchase a spacious four bedroom semi detached property situated in the sought after Acocks Green. The property benefits from four good size bedrooms with the potential to add a further bedroom in the loft. It would be an ideal purchase for first time buyers or families. S...
"A well presented Victorian terrace, situated in a prime Harborne location, only a stone's throw from the High Street. Benefitting from well presented accommodation set over three floors and a cellar that offers excellent storage or conversion potential"
"A 1920's detached dormer bungalow located off Vicarage Road, the property is situated on a large plot with wrap around gardens and is accessed via a private road which opens onto a large driveway and a car port, this unique property is a one of kind and would make a wonderful family home."
"An extended five bedroom semi-detached property offered with no upward chain and requiring some modernisation with accommodation comprising in brief of entrance porch, reception hallway, two reception rooms, L-shaped kitchen, utility, Guest WC and shower room, family bathroom, garage, off road..."
"*** NO CHAIN *** A FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY conveniently located along the popular WHEELERS LANE close to LOCAL KINGS HEATH SCHOOLS and AMENITIES. Benefitting from OFF ROAD PARKING and a LARGE REAR GARDEN, the accommodation briefly comprises: GROUND FLOOR: HALLWAY, LIVING/DINING ROOM, ..."
"*FLOORING INCLUDED* A range of properties available built by an award winning 5* house builder with prices starting from just £400,000."
"KLARICO Estate Agents are delighted to present this stunning 5 bedroom semi-detached property, situated within a popular part of Hall Green, Birmingham. Benefit from having a rear extension and loft conversion. Presented to an immaculate standard."
"This beautiful home is a fantastic opportunity for families looking to up size. Approached by a large front driveway, this delightful property features a stunning inviting reception hallway providing access to a truly spacious family room, complemented by a lounge and an open plan kitchen dine..."
*AVAILABLE IMMEDIATELY* *FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY* *PERFECT FAMILY HOME*House Hunt presents a recently refurbished stunner which includes 5 double rooms and 2 modern bathrooms.There is also a large garden and a drive which is suitable for 2 cars!All rooms are currently tenanted!
A rather lovely and very welcoming family home that is located in a super area of Great Barr near to some fantastic local amenities and some very much sought after Schools. With an extended lounge and an extended kitchen this property has an abundance of charm along with a plenty of space.
"This superbly located, extended two/three bed detached bungalow occupies a sought after and convenient situation within close proximity of desirable amenities including local shops and a superior public transport network. With flexible accommodation there are currently two reception rooms, two be..."
"*** Four Bedroom House – Popular Location – Two Reception Rooms – Well Presented – Spacious Accommodation *** This four-bedroom house is a gem located in the sought-after area of Harborne. It boasts two spacious reception rooms, a modern fitted kitchen with integrated oven hob and e..."
"*BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED * NO UPWARD CHAIN * NEW BATHROOM * KITCHEN WITH ISLAND * DETACHED * UTILITY ROOM* Oakmans are delighted to offer an immaculately presented, three bedroom, detached property, situated on the desirable Langleys Road, Birmingham. The property ground floor of..."
"Dixons are delighted to present this lovely five-bedroom Victorian end of terrace property offering ample accommodation as a perfect family home. The property is ideally located close to Moseley Village, Balsall Heath, Sparkhill, local shops, schools, amenities, parks and major transport links."
"Purplebricks Great Barr are pleased to offer this beautifully maintained four detached home which benefits from having off road parking for two vehicles and a garage, also within walking distance to local shops and schools.   The property comprises of an entrance hallway with guest W-C, large sp..."
This well presented period style property is available now available for viewings. The property is extremely spacious throughout and is one of few houses on the road to offer off road parking. The property has also been extended on the ground floor by the current vendor adding even more space. 
"View floor plans today! Chic Birmingham apartments in Westside with a minimum rental income of £4,250. Invest from £299,995.A426"
*** MODERN BUILD *** NO CHAIN *** DETACHED *** GARAGE *** DRIVEWAY *** EN-SUITE *** Looking for a modern style property situated in Castle Bromwich then look no further. This DETACHED property has the benefit of a block paved DRIVEWAY for multiple vehicles with an ELECTRIC VEHICLE CHARG...
"Acres are delighted to offer for sale this wonderful detached property that is ideally located close to amenities and local schooling. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (where specified). The interiors include entrance hall, downstairs guest w.c., large well-presented family ..."
"A detached five bedroom family home based in Handsworth Wood. Offering a through living room, kitchen, dining room and wc downstairs and then upstairs boasting five bedrooms and the family bathroom. The property has the benefit of a newly fitted boiler. To the front is a driveway for multiple ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - FOR SALE VIA BAGSHAWS RESIDENTIAL AUCTIONS IN ASSOCIATION WITH BARNARD MARCUS AUCTIONS AVAILABLE POST AUCTION. CONTACT: Bagshaws Residential Derby, 32 – 34 Cornmarket, Derby, DE1 2DG option 3)"
"Kings Agents are proud to represent this four bedroom detached bungalow for sale in a wonderful location, situated in Sheldon, Birmingham B26, offering amazing comfortable living and convenience with simplicity. **PLANNING PERMISSION FOR THREE PROPERTIES GRANTED**"
*EPC RATING F *FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS *SEMI DETACHED *TWO RECEPTION ROOMS *SEPERATE DINING ROOM *WELL FITTED KITCHEN *FAMILY BATHROOM AND SHOWER ROOM *DOUBLE GLAZING *GAS CENTRAL HEATING *REAR GARDEN WITH SIDE ACCESS *CHAIN FREE *POPULAR LOCATION
"A superbly maintained and deceptively spacious five bedroom semi-detached home, situated in this popular residential location in Edgbaston. The property is set over three floors and boasts over 1500 square feet of internal accommodation, additionally benefiting from plenty of off street parking a..."
THREE BEDROOMS | PENTHOUSE | CITY LIVING | A superb three bedroom penthouse apartment in this sought-after development offering spacious accommodation and also benefiting from a large terrace.
"Burchell Edwards are proud to present this lovely family home in the popular area of Moseley. The property itself has plenty of potential to become a beautiful, large family home. Being an end of terraced, there is plenty of room for further extension (STPP)."
This is a very well presented THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED in a very popular location! TWO RECEPTION ROOMS great family home! LARGE PRIVATE REAR GARDEN
A beautiful period property combining both modern and character features in the desirable suburb of Harborne opposite the picturesque Queens Park.
"Family home in the ever popular Hollywood location, nestled away on a quiet cul-de-sac encompassed by local amenities and semi-rural surroundings."
*** FOR SALE BY TRADITIONAL AUCTION *** This is a fantastic THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME in a very popular location in Water Orton NO UPWARD CHAIN VERY LARGE PLOT!
"An extended and improved traditional semi-detached property situated in a cul-de-sac location. Also benefitting from a brick built annexe that provides an ideal space for a home office or gym, with the added benefit of additional storage and a shower room"
A cosy 1 bedroom flat with fantastic transport link to nearby cities like Manchester and Liverpool.
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this well presented five bedroom semi-detached house located in a quiet residential part of Acocks Green. The property would be a great family home or investment opportunity. Its close to local amenities such as shops and schools, within easy reach of Sprin..."
"Spacious family home in the sought after location of water Orton. In brief the property comprises porch, entrance hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen, downstairs wc, four bedrooms, en-suite, family bathroom, rear garden, garage and off road parking. The property also benefits from double glazin..."
"Tenchlee Place doors are now OPEN with a selection of homes to discuss with prices starting from £400,000 and the Kennett Show Home available to view. Call and chat with our sales team about the incentives and homes on offer."
"A THREE BEDROOM TRADITIONAL BUNGALOW with *** NO CHAIN *** benefitting from AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING and a GOOD SIZE REAR GARDEN. The accommodation briefly comprises: VESTIBULE, HALLWAY, LIVING ROOM with BAY WINDOW, BEDROOM with BAY WINDOW, SECOND BEDROOM/RECEPTION ROOM TWO, KITCHEN/DINER opening ..."
"A Fantastic Opportunity to acquire an ideal investment opportunity. This traditional, extended semi-detached property has been fully repurposed and consists of 5 Double En-Suite bedrooms, communal Living area, Conservatory and two Communal Kitchens. With excellent rental potential for an investor..."
"AN IMMACULATELY PRESENTED AND EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOMED FAMILY HOME LOCATED ON THE SOUGHT AFTER BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST ESTATE. Boasting an extended kitchen/diner, spacious lounge, utility, four bedrooms and shower room. Very well situated for a number of sought after primary and secondary schoo..."
"Gibson Road is located in a much sought after and attractive area of Handsworth and is only a short distance to some great schools, an array of local shops, places of worship and such amenities including Handsworth Park and Parry Hall Park. Perry Barr Train Station is nearby*DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY*"
This superbly presented modern style three bed link detached property occupies a most coveted and convenient location set within close proximity of nearby Boldmere high street and enjoys easy access to a superior local transport network and desirable schools shops and dining. With excellent accom...
"An ideal opportunity to purchase this spacious four bedroom extended semi detached, which must be viewed internally to be appreciated. This property has been well maintained and decorated and benefits from gas central heating, double glazing and has the added attraction of an extended living......."
***WELL PRESENTED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE***THREE BEDROOMS***POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION ***RECEPTION HALLWAY***EXTENDED LOUNGE DINING ROOM***FITTED KITCHEN***THREE GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS***FAMILY BATHROOM***GARAGE & DRIVEWAY***WELL MAINTAINED ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN***EARLY INTERNAL VIEWING RECOMMEND...
A Superbly Presented Four Bedroom Semi Detached House In This Most Popular & Convenient Location In Hollywood
"*A STUNNING CONVERSION WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE CHINESE QUARTER* This open plan and stylish apartment will make City Centre living even more special! With an en suite to master and gated underground parking, CALL US NOW TO ARRANGE YOUR VIEWINGS!"
"*** Investment Opportunity * Four Studios * Fantastic Location * Tenancies in Place Until 30th June 2024 *** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic, student investment property located on Dawlish Road, Selly Oak. Ideally situated for University of Birmingham, Queen Elizabeth Hospi..."
"This deceptively spacious, extended traditional style semi-detached family home is situated in an established residential area, convenient for popular schools, Sutton Park, local shops and amenities and transport links. The property must be viewed to fully appreciate the generously proportioned ..."
*** GRADE II LISTED FAMILY HOME *** This is a rare opportunity to purchase a beautiful home of both style and substance. Individually constructed to a meticulous design by famous arts and crafts architect William Henry Bidlake in 1909. 'The Lodge' offers a rare position and is situated...
"***ARE YOU A KEY WORKER? MOVE WITH OUR KEY WORKER DEPOSIT CONTRIBUTION SCHEME WE'LL CONTRIBUTE UP TO £20,000 AND WE'LL INCLUDE FLOORING***. Our Kingsville is a bright and flexible 4 bedroom, 3-storey home. Downstairs you will find a spacious open plan kitchen with family and dining areas and also..."
"Residential apartments in Birmingham's buoyant Westside district. Prices start from £299,995 and rental returns are projected at 5%. View floor plans today! A425"
"A FOUR bedroom semi-detached bungalow with boarded loft areas including Velux window and fixed staircase access from the reception hall. Additional benefits include good size lounge, fitted kitchen with dining room extension, conservatory/utility, shower room plus separate WC, side garage now stu..."
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER THIS DETACHED RESIDENCE COMPRISING: 4 BEDROOMS, RECEPTION ROOM, THROUGH LOUNGE, KITCHEN, DOWNSTAIRS W/C, UTLITY ROOM, FIRST FLOOR BATHROOM, CENTRAL HEATED, DOUBLE GLAZED, OFF ROAD PARKING, FRONT AND REAR GARDENS, NO CHAIN, EPC RATING E."
"VIEWINGS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR THIS MUCH IMPROVED AND WELL MAINTAINED FOUR BEDROOM RESIDENCE With Accommodation comprising Entrance Hall, Two Reception Rooms, Downstairs W.C., Dining Kitchen, Four Bedrooms, Family Bathroom, Shower Room, Pretty Rear Garden. Council tax band B. EP Rating E"
"*VIRTUAL REALITY TOUR NOW AVAILABLE* The Lucas is the perfect FREEHOLD City Centre family home set across three floors. Offering THREE spacious bedrooms including top floor MASTER BEDROOM, OPEN PLAN Kitchen/Dining/ Living area, En-suite to the master, family bathroom & DRIVEWAY,"
"PURPLE BRICKS present to you this STUNNING three-bedroom duplex apartment, with SECURE ALLOCATED PARKING, in the most sought-after location in BIRMINGHAM! It offers accommodation including a spacious reception hall with a feature spiral staircase to the 2nd floor, guest w.c. and a door opening i..."
*** STUNNING THREE STOREY TOWN HOUSE ** THREE BEDROOMS ** MODERN KITCHEN/DINER ** SPACIOUS LOUNGE ** MODERN FAMILY BATHROOM ** GARAGE ** SKYLINE CITY CENTRE VIEWS ** VIEWING ESSENTIAL *** WEBBS ESTATE AGENTS are thrilled to bring to market this STUNNING THREE BEDROOM THREE STOREY TOWN HO...
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER THIS LINKED DETACHED RESIDENCE SITUATED IN A PRIVATE CUL-DE-SAC COMPRISING: 4 BEDROOMS, 2 RECEPTION ROOMS, DINING ROOM, RECEPTION HALLWAY, LOUNGE, DINING KITCHEN, GUEST W/C, FAMILY BATHROOM, CENTRAL HEATED, DOUBLE GLAZED, OFF ROAD PARKING, FRONT AND REAR GARDENS, INTE..."
"Exceptional PENTHOUSE apartment at The 'iconic' MAILBOX Complex | EWS1 SATISFIED - (no cladding issues) | 1,355 sq ft | Allocated Parking in secure Residents Car Park | 24hr Concierge and Security | Residents Gym and Meeting Room | 5 minute walk to Grand Central Train Station | 10th Floor overloo..."
"** Potential high end investment property ** Stunning duplex penthouse apartment set in an exclusive and impressive conversion of a former school, originally built in 1851. With original features still present we urge you to take a closer look at this property which is the largest apartment in..."
**ONE OF A KIND** PRESTIGIOUS JEWELLERY QUARTER LOCATION** LUXURY DUPLEX** YIELDS UP TO 5.3%** HIGH SPECIFICATION** GRADE II LISTED BUILDING**
**SHOW APARTMENT NOW AVAILABLE TO VIEW** Presenting this superb Duplex apartment offering good sized two bedroom accommodation with a fantastic specification located in the brand new Copperworks development in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter
"Well presented this completely new build 2 Bed / 2 Bath apartment with balcony and parking at TIMBERYARD by Galliard. It also benefited from 24 hours concierge, fully equipped gym and screening Room.Situated in the heart of Birmingham city centre, Chinese Quarter."
"READY TO MOVE IN NOW A STUNNING DUPLEX apartment conversion with 1,065 sq ft of open plan LUXURY living space, CINEMA ROOM, two DOUBLE BEDROOMS one with en-suite. Set over the ground and lower ground floor within this Grade II listed former brass works. Located on Camden..."
** PRESTIGIOUS JEWELLERY QUARTER LOCATION** LUXURY DUPLEX** YIELDS OVER 5%** HIGH SPECIFICATION** COMPLETING SOON** GRADE II LISTED BUILDING**ONE OF A KIND**
"**ONE OF A KIND** PRESTIGIOUS JEWELLERY QUARTER LOCATION** LUXURY DUPLEX** YIELDS UP TO 5.3%** HIGH SPECIFICATION** COMPLETION THIS SUMMER** GRADE II LISTED BUILDING**
"
**SHOW APARTMENT NOW AVAILABLE TO VIEW** A well appointed large duplex apartment benefitting from two bedrooms and two bathrooms situated in the brand new Copperworks Development in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter.
"Central Birmingham apartments located in prime B1 postcode from just £175,000! View a completely free info pack today by getting in touch with us! A416"
"*** TRADITIONAL BAY-FRONT SEMI DETACHED *** NO UPWARD CHAIN *** SOUTH FACING GARDEN *** POTENTIAL TO EXTEND AND IMPROVE *** Situated On The Ever Popular Bradford Road, Castle Bromwich And Within Close Proximity To Local Amenities, Convenient Public Transport Links And Outstanding Scho..."
"Nicholas George are pleased to offer this large semi-detached house. Which is well situated in this popular residential part of Harborne, close to local amenities and excellent links to Queen Elizabeth Hospital and the University of Birmingham. This property comprises entrance hall, spacious thro..."
"BAIRSTOW EVES are delighted to bring to the market this lovely detached house situated in Kingsleigh Drive, Castle Bromwich, Birmingham. The accommodation comprises entrance hallway, lounge/diner, kitchen, conservatory, four bedrooms and a bathroom. Externally the property benefits from a drivewa..."
"The School House offers the unique opportunity of acquiring an extremely spacious and much improved, extended former caretakers house to the main school which is been since converted into offices by the current owner. The gas centrally heated and double glazed accommodation which has se..."
Well presented 4 bed family home located in Birmingham. Consists of: Open plan kitchen / dining room Bright and airy living room Double bedroom with en-suite shower room and balcony Second double bedroom with en-suite shower room Third large double bedroom...
"A THREE BEDROOM TRADITIONAL STYLE PROPERTY benefitting from A GOOD SIZE REAR GARDEN and SPACIOUS ROOM SIZES. Briefly comprising: GROUND FLOOR: PORCH, HALLWAY, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, KITCHEN, UTILITY, W.C. and GARAGE. FIRST FLOOR: THREE BEDROOMS, W.C. and SHOWER ROOM. Popular location and LOTS OF PO..."
"Oakmans are pleased to offer to market this well presented, Four bedroom detached property offered with no upward chain, located in a quiet residential road in Kings Norton and sits and the end of the cul-de-sac. Viewings are recommended given the scope of the property. This property comprises of..."
"It is a pleasure to offer for sale this superb traditionally styled property that has been extended and upgraded. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The interiors offer large welcoming hallway, generous through lounge/dining room, extended kitchen open ..."
A spacious and well appointed 4 bedroom character home on the popular and well located Galton Road in Bearwood. This comprehensively improved property boasts generous proportions throughout and the ra...
"Beautifully presented home in a popular cul - de - sac location with full width extension to rear with Bi-Fold doors to open plan Kitchen/Dining/Living Space. Offering Five Bedrooms, Downstairs W.C & Utility with additional shower. Well placed for well regarded local schools. EP Rating D"
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented four bedroom extended semi-detached property situated on Cambrai Drive, Birmingham, B28. This property is ready to move straight into and viewing is highly recommended!"
"Much improved and extended terraced residence on Victoria Road, Harborne having the benefit of through lounge, extended breakfast kitchen, two bedrooms and bathroom to the first floor and bedroom with shower room to the second floor. Front driveway providing off-road parking and attractive rear g..."
** TRADITIONAL SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** EXTRA LAND WITH PROPERTY ** IN NEED OF MODERNISATION THROUGHOUT ** GARAGE ** EXCELLENT LOCATION **
"**DEVELOPMENT NOW OVER 80% SOLD, SHOW HOME AVAILABLE TO VIEW** BRAND NEW, STUNNING LOFT style PENTHOUSE apartment with LUXURY open plan living, CONTEMPORARY kitchen, PORCELANOSA bathrooms and 10 year warranty within this exclusive gated development, in the historic Jewellery Quarter in Birmingha..."
"*** NO CHAIN *** A SPACIOUS THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMED PROPERTY within A VERY POPULAR LOCATION offering DELIGHTFUL FAMILY SIZE ACCOMMODATION briefly comprising: PORCH, HALLWAY, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, KITCHEN, UTILITY, CLOAKROOM/W.C. and GARAGE. THREE BEDROOMS and BATHROOM with separate W.C. Outside the..."
"The three bedroom Braxton is a townhouse design, ideal for growing families. This is our final home available at West Side Mews"
"***THREE BEDROOMS***SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE***UTILITY AREA***DOWNSTAIRS WC***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***GARAGE***OFF ROAD PARKING***CLOSE PROXIMITY TO PENNS PRIMARY SCHOOL***LOCATED CLOSE TO WYLDE GREEN SHOPS, BARS & RESTAURANTS***WITHIN 1 MILE OF CHESTER ROAD TRAIN STATION***ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN***VI..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a truly stunning extended three/four bedroom detached property situated in a popular part of Kings Norton. The property is high standard throughout and would be an ideal purchase for first time buyers and families. Situated in a covenient residential locati...
"Paul Carr Estate Agents are pleased to offer this spacious five bedroom detached family home which is situated on a popular and sought after residential road in Handsworth Wood. The property needs some internal improvements and comprises of an entrance hallway, spacious lounge, an open plan kitch..."
"This is an absolutely stunning property that has been considerably extended and improved by the current owner. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The interiors offer, enclosed porch leading into welcoming hallway, large stylish through lounge / diner, m..."
"Paul Carr Estate Agents are pleased to offer this extended and very well presented five bedroom semi detached family home which is situated on a very sought after residential road in Handsworth Wood and offers NO CHAIN. The property comprises of a porch entrance, hallway, spacious lounge, conserv..."
"This stunning detached family home needs to be viewed to see its true potential. Situated on Faircroft Road (Just Of Park Field Road) and is in the sought after location of Castle Bromwich. Approach, you are greeted with an ample block paved drive with space for multiple vehicl..."
"A particularly well presented four bedroom detached house, offered with an open plan kitchen/diner/conservatory, lounge, modern family shower room and en suite to the master bedroom, a landscaped rear garden and driveway, situated in Rednal, Birmingham.
"
**PART EXCHANGE GUARANTEE AVAILABLE - WE'LL BUY YOUR OLD HOME AND GIVE YOU ANY PROFIT PLUS SAVE ON ESTATE AGENT FEES - PLUS THIS HOME INCLUDES AN UPGRADED KITCHEN**. Discover the best of flexible three-storey living in your new Kingsville home. Enjoy family meal times and entertaining in your ope...
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER THIS FREEHOLD MID TERRACE RESIDENCE WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE FROM THE NEW B'HAM CITY HOSPITAL,, COMPRISING: 5 BEDROOMS, 2 RECEPTION ROOMS, LOUNGE, RECEPTION HALLWAY, KITCHEN, DINING ROOM, CELLAR, UTILITY AREA, GROUND FLOOR BATHROOM, FIRST FLOOR SHOWER ROOM, CENTRAL HE..."
"COMPLETED and TENANTED perfect investment opportunity. The Axium is a contemporary new development on a 2.3-acre site located in the very heart of Birmingham. Located just south of Holloway Head, The Axium is just a few minutes' walk from Grand Central-New Street Station. "
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire this three bedroom period property situated in the highly regarded Moor Pool Estate. The end-of-terraced property has fantastic potential for further improvement but is ready to move into with re-fitted kitchen and bathroom fixtures, newly installed boiler and l..."
"It is a privilege to offer this beautiful detached property located on a very desirable residential road off Grove Vale Avenue, Great Barr. The property benefits from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The very spacious interiors include an enclosed porch, welcoming en..."
"A well appointed two bedroom apartment situated in the brand new Pressworks Development in the heart of Birmingham's prestigious Jewellery Quarter. Unique and one of a kind, this brand new development is full of character and unique features."
"Very well presented extended traditional family home with loft room, occupying a substantial corner plot. Accomodation briefly comprises of entrance hallway, two reception rooms, refitted extended breakfast kitchen, utility room, side garage,three good sized bedrooms, first floor refitted family ..."
"An opportunity to purchase a family home situated in the sought after Handsworth Wood Area of Birmingham. The property has massive potential to extend to the side, being in close proximity to local schools, ammenities and Hamstead Train Station. It would make an ideal home for a growing family."
"Opulent, contemporary two bedroom apartment with breath-taking balcony view overlooking beautifully landscaped gardens, situated along the canal with just a 5 to 10 minute walk to the Business District, Restaurants and Bars. Exclusive Access to Residents-Only gym, Sauna, Cinema room and meeting room"
"Opulent, contemporary two bedroom apartment with view overlooking beautifully landscaped gardens, situated along the canal with just a 5 to 10 minute walk to the Business District, Restaurants and Bars. Exclusive Access to Residents-Only gym, Sauna, Cinema room and meeting room"
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented three bedroom detached property situated ideally in the cul-de-sac location of St. Peters Close, B28. This property is ideal to move straight into and has further potential for extension (stpp)!"
This superbly presented well extended three double bed detached property offers generous contemporary living within close proximity of the sought after shopping centres of nearby Boldmere and Wylde Green enjoying access to excellent transport links and desirable schools. With no onward chain and ...
***SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME***SIX GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***KITCHEN & DINING ROOM***TWO BATHROOMS***AMPLE OFF-ROAD PARKING***POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***
***DETACHED BUNGALOW***THREE BEDROOMS***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***KITCHEN WITH SEPARATE UTILITY ROOM***DOWNSTAIRS WC***OFF ROAD PARKING***DOUBLE GLAZING & CENTRAL HEATING***GARAGE***
"The chance to buy a 5 bedroom semi detached freehold house with off street parking. This deceptively spacious family home offers 2 reception rooms, good size hall way, kitchen and utility room with WC all on the ground floor. This truly fabulous three floored family home offers in brie..."
"A DETACHED property with LOUNGE, DINING ROOM, FITTED KITCHEN, GROUND FLOOR W. C, FIVE BEDROOMS, UPSTAIRS FAMILY BATHROOM, REAR GARDEN and SPACIOUS DRIVEWAY for SEVERAL VEHICLES. Call our Residential Sales Team to get your viewing booked in on ."
"SUBSTANTIALLY EXTENDED and DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS, FIVE BEDROOMED Freehold SEMI-DETACHED residence located on the sought after Bournville Village Trust Estate offering NO UPWARD CHAIN. Internal Modernisation Required. VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. EP Rating E."
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER TO LET THIS SEMI-DETACHED RESIDENCE COMPRISING: 3 BEDROOMS, HALLWAY, LOUNGE, KITCHEN, UPSTAIRS FAMILY BATHROOM, DRIVEWAY, GARAGE, CENTRAL HEATING, DOUBLE GLAZING, FRONT AND REAR GARDENS. EPC RATING: C"
A luxurious PENTHOUSE apartment with amazing City views situated in a fantastic location within the Mailbox having easy access to high end retailers and restaurants including Harvey Nicholls and Malmaison. Property benefits from 24h concierge service and secured PARKING space!
"## NO UPWARD CHAIN## A beautifully presented link detached house situated in Coleshill Road, Water Orton, Birmingham. The property benefits from gas central heating and double glazing and in brief the accommodation comprises entrance hallway, ground floor WC, kitchen, lounge/diner, conservatory, ..."
A Well Appointed Three Double Bedroom Detached House In This Most Convenient Location In Hollywood Requiring Some Updating. No Upward Chain
Goodmove present this seven bedroom house for a quick sale. The property is in need of modernisation in certain areas but it a fantastic development opportunity for a large family home or alternative investment. Situated in a highly desirable road within Edgbaston close to a range of lo...
Canal Views! Central Birmingham apartment. Earn huge capital appreciation and a strong rental yield. Situated a five minute walk away from the new HS2 Station and a ten minute walk into New Street Station. Call now to find out more.
"Edwards & Gray are pleased to bring to market this, extended, End of Terrace Property to the market. Please take a look at the video tour...
"
Excellent 3 Bedroom Semi Detached House With Garage & Driveway
"Maguire Jackson are pleased to market this stunning two bedroom, two bathroom apartment located on the 4th floor of the beautifully presented Lightwell development located in the heart of the business district Colmore Row. EPC Rating C "
"This brand-new luxury two bedroom apartment is situated on the second floor of Birmingham City Centre?s most in-demand address, Lancaster Wharf, B4. The apartment offers a light and airy open plan living/kitchen area, integrated appliances, tiled family bathroom, two double bedrooms one en-suite,..."
"This brand-new luxury two bedroom apartment with direct canal views is situated on the 16th floor of Birmingham City Centre?s most in-demand address, Lancaster Wharf, B4."
"LANCASTER WHARF | BRAND NEW DEVELOPMENT | Q2 2024 COMPLETION | INCREDIBLE FACILITIES | WALKING DISTANCE TO SNOW HILL ST., COLMORE ROW, BUSINESS DISTRICT | INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY | DEVELOPER WITH PROVEN TRACK RECORD | CONTACT DAVIDSON ESTATES FOR MORE DETAILS TODAY!"
"Introducing this bespoke, TWO-BEDROOM apartment at the heart of The Gothic. This unique home offers TWO BATHROOMS, a spacious master bedroom with a dressing area and an OPEN-PLAN kitchen/living area encased with ORIGINAL BEAMS."
"Offered for sale with NO UPWARD CHAIN, this SUBSTANTIALLY EXTENDED DETACHED property boasts FIVE BEDROOMED ACCOMMODATION, with THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING & SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN. Viewing highly recommended! EP Rating: D"
"This well presented traditional style three bed semi detached property occupies an enviable and desirable location set within close proximity of many sought after amenities including desirable schools, nearby shops and a superior local transport system. Offering the advantage of no onward chain t..."
"Set in one of Edgbaston's most prestigious locations this exceptionally presented, well-proportioned 2 bedroom 2 bathroom apartment is ideally located close to Five Ways rail station. This apartment is arranged as an open living space with the accommodation itself extending in all to over 1200 sq..."
"A traditional style end townhouse in a delightful and popular tree-lined location. Central heating and partial double glazing as specified. Recessed porch, hall, living room, lobby with cloaks/store, fitted cloaks/WC, re-fitted kitchen, conservatory, three bedrooms, refitted shower room/WC and ga..."
***FANTASTIC INVESTMENT - SLEEPS FOUR STUDENTS - DAWLISH ROAD*** A fantastic opportunity to invest in this beautifully presented four bedroom student property set on a popular road in the heart of Selly Oak. There is easy access to the University of Birmingham and excellent transport lin...
"Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location, an ideal opportunity to purchase this impressive three bedroom extended semi-detached which must be viewed internally to be appreciated. The property benefits from gas central heating, double glazing and has the added attraction of a private landscaped...."
"It is a privilege to offer for sale this amazing opportunity to purchase a fabulous character property with huge potential! This spacious four bedroom semi detached family home is superb and offers many lovely features throughout to include an spacious hallway, generous front reception room, sepa..."
AMAZINGLY LOCATED 2 Bed 2 Bath TOP Floor Apartment | With Private Roof Terrace | With Allocated Parking inc. in Price | 2 Minutes Walk from Colmore Row Business District | READY TO MOVE IN! Call Davidson Estates to Arrange Viewing Today.
"**LARGE AND EXTENDED FAMILY HOME** **THREE BEDROOMS** **LOUNGE, DINING ROOM AREA, FAMILY ROOM AND KITCHEN DINING ROOM** **GROUND FLOOR WC AND UTILITY ROOM** **LOVELY REAR GARDEN WITH SUMMERHOUSE, DRIVEWAY AND GARAGE**"
"Acres are honoured to offer for sale this spacious family home that occupies a prime spot within this popular residential road, being both gas central heating and double glazed (Both where specified) the accommodation is raised over two floors. Standing in a quiet road off Monksfield Avenue this ..."
"*** PRIME HARBORNE LOCATION *** THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY *** LOUNGE *** FITTED KITCHEN *** DINING ROOM *** FAMILY BATHROOM *** SECURE REAR GARDEN *** DRIVEWAY *** WALKING DISTANCE OF THE QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL, BIRMINGHAM UNIVERSITY *** CLOSE TO HARBORNE HIGHSTREET ***"
"** GOOD SIZED PLOT ** CHAINS WELCOME ** DESIRABLE LOCATION ** Oakmans estate agents are delighted to bring a three-bedroom, semi-detached property to the market being sold with the tenants in situ. This attractive family home benefits from having a great sized garden with potential to ex..."
"KLARICO Estate Agents would like to present this semi-detached property located within a popular part of Hall Green, Birmingham. Currently set up as a HMO but will be sold with vacant possession. Provides off-road parking for multiple vehicles."
Extended Traditional Style Semi 4 Double Bedrooms (Two in Loft Room) Fantastic Extended Dining Kitchen Two Reception Rooms Family Bathroom Ground Floor WC Double Glazing Gas Central Heating System Rear Garden Council Tax Band C / EPC Rating E 
Birmingham Buy to Let Investment: Earn huge capital appreciation on these Birmingham apartments located 16 mins from New Street Station. A992
"This is a beautifully presented detached property located on this excellent residential road with potential for extension to both side and rear (STPP). Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The interiors include enclosed spacious lovely entrance hall, styl..."
"An exceptionally well maintained three bedroom semi detached property offering good sized family accommodation. Perfectly located close to all amenities including nearby shops, restaurants, Sutton Park, transport & access to the Midlands motorway links, plus schools. Accommodation briefly compr..."
"This beautifully presented and characterful 3 bedroom semi detached home is located on one of Harborne's most highly regarded roads; Minley Avenue. This is a quiet road, popular with families with..."
"Offered with the added benefit of a lease extension and set in a popular retirement complex, this immaculately presented two bedroom second floor apartment is ready to move straight into. Positioned just of the College Road with local shops and the dentist and doctors close by, the property has w..."
"This is a wonderful extended freehold property that has been extended to produce superb family accommodation. The property is council tax band D and includes, electric reception door, entrance hall, guests cloakroom, stylish family lounge, dining room and ground floor wet room leading to a sup..."
"A well presented five bedroom family home with great access to great schools, parks, playing fields and amenities and easy access to Birmingham. There is parking on the driveway, a single garage, private back patio and garden that is made for entertaining guests or the kids...."
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented extended three bedroom semi-detached property situated on Lulworth Road, Birmingham, B28. This property has been heavily improved throughout and viewing is highly recommended!"
"Purplebricks Edington are pleased to offer this beautifully maintained four/ five-bedroom semi-detached home which benefits from having off road parking / garage within walking distance to local shops and schools. The property comprises of a front porch an entrance hallway, spacious front livi..."
"Welcome to this fantastically renovated three bedroom semi detached home. The property offers Over 1000 Sq ft of accommodation consisting of new kitchen and bathroom, spacious living room, well proportioned bedrooms and integral garage, plus well maintained garden to the rear and driveway access ..."
"Maguire Jackson are excited to market this well-presented three bedroom apartment which is located in the ever-popular Beetham Tower development sitting on the thirty sixth floor in the heart of the City Centre. Concierge and great views across the City. Secure parking space, "
"** VERY WELL PRESENTED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PERIOD HOME ** This four bedroom semi detached home is set in a very sought after road in Acocks Green & briefly comprises, entrance hallway, two reception rooms, breakfast kitchen , family bathroom, four bedrooms, off road parking, rear garde..."
MINLEY AVENUE | 3 Bedrooms | Semi detached | Private rear garden | Driveway parking | NO CHAIN | Refurbished | Private Road
"It’s all about open-plan living in our iconic three-bedroom Houghton. If its light and space you are after then look no further. The kitchen-diner offers ample space for all of the household, while the master bedroom features an en-suite and fitted wardrobe – perfect for"
"*** MODERN DETACHED HOME ** IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT ** CLOSE TO SCHOOLS *** Parkfield Drive Is Located Within The Popular, Desirable District Of Castle Bromwich Which Benefits From Many And Varied Amenities Close At Hand To Include Local Shops, Schooling For All Ages (Specifically The So..."
"A fabulous two-bedroom, three storey townhouse located in the brand new Copperworks Development in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter."
"EPC Rating C - Council Tax Band E Detached Family Home in a Cul-de-Sac Four Bedrooms Lounge and Separate Dining Room Re-Fitted Contemporary Kitchen Master Bedroom with en-suite Ground Floor WC Side Garage and Driveway Front, Side and Rear Gardens"
"Dixons are pleased to present this LARGE and immaculately presented 4-Double Bedroom characteristic semi-detached property in Erdington, perfect for a growing family. The property features contemporary interior décor, which highlights the Victorian features throughout. The prop..."
"This beautifully finished, two-bedroom apartment is located in a sought after development on Great Charles street. Boasting stunning features throughout, this two double bedroom apartment really has left no detail untouched, briefly comprising of; open plan kitchen/living space with fantastic fi..."
"Hunters are pleased to market for sale with the benefit of NO UPWARD CHAIN this simply stunning and well arranged three bedroom semi detached bungalow, situated in a popular residential position, close to Wylde Green amenities, local schools, shops and restaurants. Viewing of the prop..."
"An extended link detached property in a quiet cul-de-sac location benefitting from no upward chain, three bedrooms, lounge diner, breakfast kitchen, family bathroom, guest WC, utility area, South East facing rear garden, garage and off road parking"
"A modern FOUR BEDROOM detached with EXCELLENT OFF ROAD PARKING, two reception rooms and GROUND FLOOR TOILET located in a convenient location. VIEWING RECOMMENDED. EP Rating C"
"Offered for sale with NO CHAIN this beautifully presented Edwardian/Victorian larger style four double bedroom home is a delight to the eyes, configured to offer a contemporary twist on a both characterful and expansive family home that is bound to delight any prospective purchaser. The property..."
An modern extended end terraced family home on the edge of Harborne with excellent access to the city centre and motorway network. This deceptively spacious property is perfect for a professional couple or family and also benefits no upward chain. Viewing is highly recommended.
ARKELL WAY | 3 Bedrooms | 2 Bathrooms | Parking for 2 vehicles | Private rear garden | Freehold | No Chain
"CHAIN FREE Hunters are please to present this extended Four bedroom Semi-Detached home in an excellent location, within walking distance to Woodrush Academy and Coppice Primary School. Briefly comprising of Entrance Hallway, Living Room, Open Plan Kitchen/Diner, Conservatory and..."
**GARDEN OFFICE** An exceptionally spacious three/four bedroom semi-detached home situated in this quiet location with lovely countryside views to the front and within a short walk to both Holywell Primary School and Waseley Hills High School. The property benefits from accommodation ...
***NO CHAIN *** THREE BEDROOMS *** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED *** DESIRABLE LOCATION *** SUPERB TRANSPORT LINKS *** CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES ***
"This superbly extended well presented traditional three bed semi-detached property occupies a convenient and coveted location set within close proximity of many desirable amenities including nearby Sutton Park, a desirable transport network, schools and shops. Offering the advantage of no onward ..."
"A beautifully appointed two bedroom, two bathroom apartment in the sought after Treasure House development situated in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter"
"NO ONWARDS CHAIN! This SEMI DETACHED terrace property briefly comprises three reception rooms, fitted kitchen, ground floor bathroom, first floor bathroom, loft/study. Contact our residential sales team today to get your viewing booked in on ."
"* No Chain * Superbly Presented * Cofton Park & Lickey Hills * What a superb family home; perfectly located for green, open spaces and access to boutique villages and Motorway links. Quote Code: DC0118
"
"Maguire Jackson are pleased to offer to market this unique and rare opportunity to purchase this circa 1300 SQFT duplex apartment located in the heart of the Jewellery quarter and benefitting from two secure allocated parking spaces, being offered with no upward chain "
*** SEMI-DETACHED *** THREE BEDROOMS AND A LOFT ROOM *** THREE RECEPTION ROOMS *** KITCHEN (CONVERTED GARAGE) *** GROUND FLOOR SHOWER ROOM *** FAMILY BATHROOM *** FRONT AND REAR GARDENS *** VERY GENEROUS DRIVEWAY *** DOUBLE GLAZED *** CENTRALLY HEATED *** VIEWING ESSENTIAL ***
"Well Presented & Extended Semi Detached Residence, Comprising Of FOUR BEDROOMS, Two En-Suites, Lounge, Dining Room & Generous Size Breakfast Kitchen, Offered With NO UPWARDS CHAIN."
"A charming four bedroom Victorian semi detached family home, retaining a wealth of original features and benefiting from double glazing, gas central heating, two reception rooms, newly fitted breakfast kitchen, cellar and mature rear garden. EP Rating D"
"*** NO CHAIN*** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY, READY TO MOVE STRAIGHT IN TO! Dixons are pleased to introduce this absolutely stunning three-bedroom residence, located on Wychall park Grove positioned right at the top of a lovely quiet cul de sac. This delightful prop..."
"Save on your utility bills with an energy efficient new home just like the spacious Huxley home at Frankley Green, with no need to retro-fit or renovate!"
"Paul Carr Estate Agents are delighted to bring to market, with no upward chain, this three-bedroom detached bungalow located on Jill Avenue, a quiet cul- de- sac location within Great Barr. The property offers good living space but also further potential to extend/develop, whilst offering an exce..."
"***CALL NOW TO BOOK A VIEWING *** A Spacious Five Bedroom Period Family Home with No Chain, situated on a tree lined road in Edgbaston. Within easy reach of Birmingham City Centre, Harborne and many local amenities. Summerfield Park and Edgbaston Reservoir both in walking distance, this loca..."
"A fantastic opportunity has arisen to purchase family home that offers a superb space on this leafy road in Moseley. Being ideally located for access into both Kings Heath and Moseley with all of their respective amenities but also well placed for the nearby transport links to the QE Hospital, Bi..."
*** SEMI DETACHED ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MULTIPLE RECEPTION ROOMS ** DOWNSTAIRS AND UPSTAIRS BATHROOMS ** CONVERTED GARAGE ** LOW MAINTENANCE REAR GARDEN ** DRIVEWAY ** GREAT LOCATION ***
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this spacious three bedroom link-detached property situated conveniently on Falstaff Avenue, Hollywood, B47. This property has the benefit of having immense potential throughout and is being sold CHAIN FREE!"
HISTORICAL BUILDING | Secured Parking Space | Two Bedrooms | Two bathrooms | Colmore Business District | Walking distance to Paradise Circus and the Jewellery Quarter |
"Acres are delighted to offer for sale this wonderful modern town house, that is freehold and council tax band E. Situated in the village of Water Orton and occupying a cul de sac location this really is a beautiful property. The interiors enjoy entrance hall, stylish family lounge opening..."
"+ + + OPPORTUNITY TO ACQUIRE FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN CUL-DE-SAC WITH NO CHAIN & WITH NEARBY OPEN COUNTRYSIDE + + + With Driveway Parking & Garage & Enlarged Dining Kitchen & First Floor Shower Room - EP RATING - D
"
"Centrick is proud to bring to the market a stunning 2 bedroom 2 bathroom apartment located in Priory House, Gooch Street North, Birmingham. This 819 sqft apartment boasts its own private terrace running the full length of the apartment. Build now complete and ready to move in."
"This well-presented and spacious home is an excellent fit for young families. With an abundance of living space and a fantastic large rear garden, this three-bedroom detached home is the perfect opportunity. Situated in a sought-after location, in a quiet cul-de-sac, close to a range of local ame..."
"This traditional style extended three bedroom semi-detached property occupies a convenient and coveted location set within close proximity of desirable amenities and transport links at nearby Boldmere, New Oscott and beyond. With accommodation including a breakfast kitchen, separate reception roo..."
**LAST FEW UNITS REMAINING** A superb two bedroom apartment in the brand new Reliance Works. A beautifully restored three storey Grade II listed building comprising nine well appointed one- and two-bedroom apartments offering classic Georgian styling and exquisitely designed interiors situated i...
This is an absolutely stunning detached bungalow in a fantastic cul-de-sac position set in a quite location off the Newton Road. The property sits in a large plot with plenty of potential for extension (STPP). Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The inte...
"**THREE BED TERRACE IN PRIME MOSELEY LOCATION!!** We are delighted to offer to the market this lovely three bedroom, traditional mid terrace home located on this quiet side road off Alcester Road in Moseley. Offering excellent access into Moseley Village with all of it's associated amenities inc..."
"A lovely THREE BEDROOM apartment (1240 Sq Ft) located on the 36TH FLOOR in the popular Beetham Tower development. The property offers in brief, entrance hallway with integrated storage, open plan living / kitchen area with integrated appliances, master bedroom with en suite, two further bedrooms. "
***SEMI DETACHED***FOUR BEDROOMS***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***TWO BATHROOMS***OFF ROAD PARKING***DOUBLE GLAZING***CENTRAL HEATING***NO CHAIN***
This well presented superbly located three bed semi-detached property occupies a most convenient cul-de-sac location set near to Boldmere Primary School and within close proximity of Boldmere high street amenities and public transport links. Offering the advantage of no onward chain the accommoda...
"Located on the second floor, this corner plot, two-bedroom, two-bathroom apartment is situated within the brand new Snow Hill Wharf development! A spacious balcony, no upward chain and access to residents only facilities are only a few of the great things this apartment has to offer!"
"A luxury new build scheme situated in the emerging and exciting Gun Quarter, offering 85 apartments with many having their own balconies and access to the landscaped communal gardens."
"A very stylish & luxury two bedroom apartment with generous living space located in the sought after Timber Yard Development, access to exclusive residents' gym & club lounge. Located in the heart of the Chinese Quarter, close to Birmingham's financial district, Grand Central, Bullring &a..."
A spacious three bedroom apartment in. the heart of Birmingham. 
"Purple Bricks are pleased to market this beautiful property, positioned perfectly in the heart of Wylde Green and close to all amenities including, shops, restaurants, and cross-city line station. This very stylish and beautifully presented property benefits from double glazing and gas central ..."
"Walking distance to City Centre, Five Ways & New Street Station * Spacious lounge * Downstairs WC * Kitchen/diner * 2 double bedrooms * Bathroom with separate cubicle and shower over bath * Off road parking * Rear patio garden * Gas central heating * Freehold"
"*Sale By Modern Method Of Auction * What a place to live; Bournville Village Green and the sought-after Primary School just yards away, in a property that could be the most stunning family home! Quote Code: DC0118  
"
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this spacious three bedroom link-detached property situated ideally on Lynbrook Close, Hollywood, B47. This property has immense potential throughout and has the benefit of being sold CHAIN FREE!"
"Goodmove present this four bedroom detached house for QUICK sale on Ashby Close, Birmingham. Located within close proximity to the town centre which provides local amenities and transport links this property will not be on the market for long so REGISTER INTEREST NOW. The property has been a..."
"OPEN HOUSE SATURDAY 15TH OCTOBER 2022 - 10PM TO 12PM - by appointment only! Here is a house that must be viewed to be appreciated. With a TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, OFF ROAD PARKING, GARAGE, and LARGE REAR GARDEN this property ticks all the boxes! The location is popular with amenities nearby. "
"*** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY ** FIVE BEDROOMS ** STUDENT PROPERTY ** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic investment opportunity located within a prime student location in Stirchley. The accommodation briefly comprises of entrance hall, communal lounge, kitchen, bathroom ..."
This property is for sale by Modern Method of Auction. The Modern Method of Auction is a flexible buyer friendly method of purchase. The purchaser will have 56 working days to exchange and complete once the draft contract has been issued by the vendors solicitor. Allowing the additional time to e...
"** THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY *** LOUNGE *** FITTED KITCHEN *** FAMILY BATHROOM ** SECURE REAR GARDEN *** CONSERVATORY *** DRIVEWAY *** CLOSE TO HARBORNE VILLAGE ** COMMUTABLE DISTANCE TO THE QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL, BIRMINGHAM UNIVERSITY & STATION **"
"A beautifully presented extended FOUR BEDROOM semi detached property in a wonderful location off Quinton Road West and within walking distance to local amenities. This deceptively spacious family home briefly comprises: porch, entrance hall, through lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen, ..."
"NEWTON FALLOWELL are delighted to market this well presented, detached family home opportunity. The property is situated in a popular location with nearby schools and transport links positioned in a cul-de-sac. Comprising of a kitchen, spacious lounge, conservatory, downstairs W.C, four bedroom w..."
"Maguire Jackson are excited to market this outstanding and spacious two bedroom ground floor apartment with two terraces and a tandem parking space for two cars, the apartment is finished to a high specification and has some lovely features such as bi fold doors leading onto a private terrace"
"EXTENDED AND MUCH IMPROVED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY. IDEALLY LOCATED close to many amenities to include shops, schools, motorway connections, public transport links providing easy access to Birmingham City Centre, QE Hospital and Birmingham University. The property briefly comprises re..."
"Priced attractively nearly £50,000 below the true value, this exceptional two bedroom, two bathroom apartment is located within the newly built Snow Hill Wharf development, built by St Joseph's Homes. Boasting a spacious sit out balcony, ample storage and a great central location. All with t..."
"**EWS1 FORM GRANTED** A superb penthouse apartment in one of the city centre's most unique and sought after developments. Boasting over 1560 square feet of accommodation, a large open plan living/dining/kitchen are complimented by two double bedrooms, bathroom and ensuite, with the luxury of TWO ..."
A former Victorian warehouse converted into super stylish two bedroom apartment finished to a high standard located within a short walk to the centre of Birmingham surrounding amenities and transport links.
"*FANTASTIC STUDENT PROPERTY INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY* Introducing this student property located on the popular Tiverton Road in the heart of Selly Oak, offering accommodation briefly comprising of; three bedrooms, modern bathroom, lounge, kitchen. The property offers development p..."
"SUPERB, improved and EXTENDED 4 bed semi detached in SOUGHT AFTER TREE LINED ROAD, with DRIVE and GARAGE, Offering EXTENDED 18FT lounge, SEPARATE dining room, 13FT FITTED breakfast kitchen, 3 first floor beds & bathroom, LOFT CONVERSION/Bed 4 with EN-SUITE bathroom. LOVELY rear garden. DG &am..."
"This traditional style detached house occupies a popular location close to local amenities including shops, bars and restaurants in Boldmere and New Oscott, with local schools in the vicinity, within walking distance of Chester Road train station, with public transport on hand. The property co..."
***SPACIOUS SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***KITCHEN/DINING ROOM***THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS***FAMILY BATHROOM***WELL MAINTAINED REAR GARDEN***OFF-ROAD PARKING & GARAGE***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***
"Direct Housing are pleased to offer for sale this newly refurbished semi detached spacious property, which lends itself well as a good strong family home or as a solid investment. Being situated in this very desirable area, boasting great schools, good transport links to the city centre with ..."
A Beautifully Presented Extended Semi-Detached Property in a Popular Location
**Attention Investors!! Off Plan Investment Opportunity In The Heart Of City CentreStart With Only a 5% DepositGet Guaranteed Yield Above The Market Value
"*** NEW BUILD RETIREMENT VILLAGE *** 72 luxury apartments sit within beautiful communal gardens. Residents can enjoy independent living with care and support as and when needed, there are a huge range of activities and amenities on site, including a bistro, bar, lounge, hairdresser, craft r..."
"Dixons are proud to present this fantastic two bedroom appartment. Offering a private escape from city centre life, this contemporary two bedroom apartment is located less than a 10 minute walk from Birmingham New Street station. Timber Yard offers plenty of space for residents to relax, with ame..."
"Maguire Jackson are pleased to market this well-presented three bedroom apartment which is located in the ever-popular Beetham Tower development in the heart of the City Centre. Concierge and great views across the City. Secure parking space, stunning city views. EPC Rating TBC."
"Comprised of one-, two- and three-bedroom apartments and spacious duplex apartments, This development is situated a short walk from Brindley place and is surrounded by landscaped garden with seating and social space, perfect for a new style of living."
"This well presented detached family home is located within a popular location within a sought after area, being ideally placed for easy access to good local schools and amenities. The accommodation, in brief, comprises of a kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, lounge/diner, downstairs guest clo..."
"ENLARGED FAMILY HOME IN KINGS NORTON WITH VERSATILE LIVING ARRANGEMENTS & CURRENTLY ARRANGED WITH A ""5th Bedroom"" ON THE GROUND FLOOR - Benefiting from Driveway Parking, Two Shower Rooms and Downstairs WC - EP RATING - D"
"VIEWINGS RECOMMNEDED FOR THIS FOUR BEDROOM END OF TERRACE RESIDENCE situated in this convinent location within close proximety of Kings Heath High Street. This property comprises of Entrance Hallway, Through Lounge, Kitchen, Downstairs W.C, Four Bedrooms, Bathroom, Shower Room and Seperate W.C a..."
An immaculately presented traditional mid-terraced property situated in this sought after location in the heart of Harborne Village. The property provides spacious and traditional internal living accommodation with a host of retained original features and an extended kitchen breakfast room to the...
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a spacious detached house situated in a popular part of Hall Green. The property would be a great opportunity for first time buyers, families or investors. Its close to local amenities such as shops and schools, within easy reach of Spring Road or Olton rail ..."
Burchell Edwards are proud to present this larger than life Three bedroom semi-detached home located in the Tyseley area. This beautiful family home is a fantastic size throughout and offers plenty of living space along with further potential to extend (STPP)
"This property is offered through Modern Method of Auction. Should you view, offer or bid your data will be shared with the Auctioneer, iamsold Limited. This method requires both parties to complete the transaction within 56 days, allowing buyers to proceed with mortgage finance (subject..."
"A unique detached family home filled with lots of charm and character. Offering spacious accommodation in need of modernisation, allowing a buyer the opportunity to create their dream family home"
"*INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY * GREAT LOCATION* Oakmans offer a traditional terraced property in a great location within Selly Oak. Based on George Road near to the University of Birmingham & Queen Elizabeth Hospital, the property offers 4 bedrooms over 3 floors and is currently let ..."
"FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED THREE STOREY TOWN HOUSE IN A CONVENIENT LOCATION WITH FRONT SIDE CANAL VIEWS , CLOSE DISTANCE TO AMENTIES, TRANSPORT LINKS AND SCHOOLS Off road parking , Entrance hall , Sitting room , Guest WC , Kitchen , Living room with balcony over looking the canal , Two bathrooms, ..."
***SPACIOUS PERIOD FAMILY HOME. FIVE GOOD SIZE BEDROOMS AND THREE RECEPTION ROOMS ALSO BENEFITS FROM A CELLAR***
"The substantially extended, three bedroomed, freehold link detached residence located in a popular residential area and offering vacant possession/no upward chain. EP Rating F"
"Occupying a convenient and sought after location this much extended well presented three bed semi detached property offers no onward chain and excellent accommodation comprising a generous lounge, separate dining room and breakfast kitchen with three well proportioned bedrooms and a contemporary ..."
A well presented four bedroom family home situated in a sought after area of Great Barr and having been much improved by the current owners. Benefitting from a refitted kitchen and bathroom and having been redecorated. This home is offered with no upward chain.
"Dixons are pleased to present this four bedroom semi-detached property in Erdington available with NO UPWARD CHAIN. The property has been extended and accommodation briefly comprises; two reception rooms, kitchen, utility room, WC and garage on the ground floor, with four bedrooms and a family b..."
"Purplebricks Great Barr are pleased to offer this beautifully maintained three-bedroom detached home which benefits from having off road parking / garage within walking distance to local shops and schools.  The property comprises of an entrance hallway with guest W-C and under-stairs storage, la..."
"A beautifully presented and extended 3 bedroom semi-detached house. Boasting a large open-plan kitchen/dining/sitting space with bi-folding doors and a log burner. Separate sitting room, 3 great bedrooms and delightful bathroom. Providing off-road parking, generous garden and patio with garage to..."
**LAST FEW UNITS REMAINING** A spacious two bedroom duplex apartment in the brand new Reliance Works. A beautifully restored three storey Grade II listed building comprising nine well appointed one- and two-bedroom apartments offering classic Georgian styling and exquisitely designed interiors s...
A student investment property in short range of Queen Elizabeth Hospital comprised of a four bedroom share and additional annex for one tenant. Fully let.  
"***Fantastic Investment - Build Potential - Self contained flats*** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic investment opportunity. Situated within walking distance to local amenities, transport links into Birmingham City Centre and nearby schools. The plot comprises of t..."
"*** Semi-Detached Family Home with Fantastic Potential * Stunning Newly Fitted Kitchen * Conveniently Situated Next to Lickey Hill Golf Course * Garage *** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic three bedroom family home situated on Bilberry Drive, Rubery. Ideally situated next to..."
"Purplebricks Erdington are pleased to offer this beautifully maintained three-bedroom semi-detached home which benefits from having off road parking / garage within walking distance to local shops and schools. The property comprises of a large entrance hallway, front living room with tradition..."
"A charming character detached house offering spacious accommodation over two floors including two reception rooms, breakfast kitchen, cellar, three double bedrooms, house bathroom. Good sized garden, detached garage. ..."
"A well presented & extended semi detached family home with three bedrooms, two reception rooms, extended dining kitchen opening to study area, four piece family bathroom, guest WC, West facing rear garden with brick built home office/gym and off road parking"
Genesis City are delighted to introduce this 2 bedroom apartment close to Birmingham City Centre 
***UNEXPECTIDLY BACK ONTO THE MARKET*** Dixons are pleased to present this stunning four bedroom family home situated in a prime location on the Oldbury/Quinton boarder. The property has lots of character and has recently been modernised and offers fantastic space and potential. Viewin...
"A recently extended and refurbished semi-detached family home. Being triple glazed throughout and offering accommodation comprising an enlarged lounge, extended and re-fitted family kitchen/diner with bi-fold doors, re-fitted ground floor shower room, three bedrooms, re-fitted family bathroom, re..."
"** HIGH QUALITY FINISH THROUGHOUT ** EXTENDED KITCHEN DINER ** CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION ** Oakmans estate agents are delighted to present an immaculate three bedroom, extended family home to the market. This stunning property has been completely refurbished throughout and has numerous benefit..."
"The David Cox House is probably one of the oldest homes in Harborne and was home to the celebrated artist David Cox, who resided there for approximately 18 years in the 19th century. Call Harborne experienced residential sales team today to get your viewing booked in on ."
This well proportioned three bed detached bungalow occupies a convenient and coveted location set within close proximity of nearby Wylde Green shopping centre and it's desirable schools and transport links. Offering the advantage of no onward chain the accommodation briefly comprises 3 bedroo...
"Looking for that perfect family home? Well Purplebricks are delighted to bring to market this stunning and well proportioned three bedroom detached house. The house enjoys a well balanced accommodation over two floors, benefitting from a porch leading to a large entrance hallway, dining room w..."
"VIEWINGS RECOMMENDED FOR THIS DETACHED FAMILY RESIDENCE SITUATED IN THIS LOVELY LOCATION OFF WOODTHORPE ROAD. This property comprises of a Living Room, Kitchen, Conservatory, Utility Area, Three Bedrooms, Shower Room, Off Road Parking, Garage and Rear Garden. EP Rating D. Council Tax D."
***SEMI DETACHED***THREE BEDROOM***LOUNGE***KITCHEN***CONSERVATORY***OFF ROAD PARKING***DOUBLE GLAZING***CENTRAL HEATING***
A most spacious second floor flat in this popular location ideal for the first time buyer or investor
"This unique two double bedroom detached bungalow occupies an enviable and convenient location close to the shopping centres at Boldmere, Wylde Green and beyond with exceptional transport links nearby. With accommodation including a well proportioned lounge, contemporary dining kitchen, bathroom a..."
"A beautifully presented semi-detached family home benefiting from no upward chain and planning approval for a 6 meter kitchen extension via permitted development. Offering accommodation comprising a spacious lounge, dining room, kitchen/utility room, re-fitted ground floor shower room, three good..."
"Dixons are pleased to present this four bedroom detached property in Pype Hayes. The property is well presented and spacious throughout and is ideally located close to nearby amenities, parks and schools, as well has benefitting from transport links into Birmingham City Centre and motorway links..."
"** HARBORNE LOCATION ** REFURBISHED EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY ** THROUGH LOUNGE DINER ** FITTED KITCHEN ** DINING ROOM ** FAMILY BATHROOM ** SECURE REAR GARDEN ** DRIVEWAY ** WALKING DISTANCE OF THE QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL, BIRMINGHAM UNIVERSITY ** CLOSE TO HARBORNE VILLAGE **"
A well presented and spacious five bedroom terraced property situated in popular residential part of Sparkhill. The property has lots of potential for families or investors due to its size and layout. Situated in a convenient residential location having access to local amenities such as shops a...
"This is an incredible opportunity to purchase a spacious detached property ideally located for many amenities, local schooling and access to motorways. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The stunning interiors include enclosed porch, entrance hall, beau..."
" An excellent opportunity to purchase this well-presented and extended, four bedroom, semi-detached family home, situated on the popular Lindsworth residential area of Kings Norton.The property is approached via a block paved driveway for parking two cars comfortably. Once inside the property is..."
"***THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED***LOCATED OPPOSITE BOLDMERE JUNIOR SCHOOL AND BOLDMERE INFANT AND NURSERY SCHOOL***KITCHEN OPENING INTO CONSERVATORY***OFF ROAD PARKING***ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN WITH SIDE ACCESS***WITHIN HALF A MILE OF BOLDMERE ROAD SHOPS, BARS AND RESTAURANTS***WITHIN A MILE OF WYLDE..."
"**PROPERTY INVESTMENT** Easy Lettings are pleased to present this 3 bedroom property now up for sale! The property is situated equidistant from Yardley Wood train stations, and only a few minutes walk away from local shops and takeaway restaurants. There are two double bedrooms as well as o..."
"Viewing is highly recommended for this three bed semi detached property located on the popular Hannon Road, situated close to local amenities such as shops and schools and offering good travel links into Kings Heath High Street, The Maypole and M42 & M5."
"A very well presented four bedroom three storey semi located on a quiet cul-de-sac within minutes walk from the historic Kings Norton Green, the property comprises in brief; entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen/diner, downstairs w/c, three bedrooms to first floor with family bathroom, master bedr..."
"An extended semi detached family home benefitting from no upward chain, three bedrooms, two reception rooms, breakfast kitchen, en-suite shower room, family shower room, guest WC, South facing rear garden and off road parking "
"A STUNNING 3 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME in a VERY POPULAR LOCATION with STYLISH MODERN DECOR THROUGHOUT and a LARGE FAMILY LOUNGE, SPACIOUS KITCHEN DINER, 2 CAR DRIVEWAY, GARAGE and so MUCH MORE!!!"
***PRIME LOCATION FOR WYLDE GREEN***DETACHED***NO CHAIN***2/3 BEDROOMS***OFF ROAD PARKING***VIEWING ESSENTIAL***
"This is a lovely detached Freehold residence offering modern styled interiors. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The interiors include, entrance hall, guests cloakroom, dining room, family lounge, superb conservatory and fitted kitchen. To the first..."
"*** FIVE BEDROOMS *** IDEAL FAMILY HOME *** Dixons are proud to present this well pretend extended semi-detached property on the popular Manor House Lane, Yardley. An ideal family home situated close to local schools, shops and transport links. Briefly comprising hallway, through lounge, kit..."
Burchell Edwards are proud to offer you this beautiful three double bedroom semi-detached property with no upwards chain. This stunning family home is spacious throughout offering plenty of living space for the modern day family but also provides so much further potential for further extension (STPP
"Two Bedroom Detached Bungalow in Private and Secluded Setting AH0358
"
"This detached Hadley home is ideal for growing families.
On the ground floor, you'll love the open plan kitchen-diner with adjoining utility room. The dual-aspect lounge is full of natural light.
Upstairs are two double bedrooms and a single room. The main bedroom has an en suite shower room whil..."
"This is a wonderful three storey modern styled property that is freehold and council tax band E. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified) the interiors are spacious throughout and include entrance hall and guests cloakroom, sitting/dining room and dining kitc..."
This licensed HMO currently houses 6 tenants in 6 double bedrooms. Occupying a desirable location in a residential area close to local amenities and transport links allowing easy transportation to Birmingham city centre and beyond. The property currently achieves a combined monthly rent of £...
"A spacious end terrace property with accommodation over three floors. Situated in a highly convenient location close to Bearwood High Street, with views of Lightwoods Park. Also benefitting from a rear garage and off road parking"
"** CHARACTERFUL TOP-FLOOR APARTMENT ** TWO BATHROOMS ** CITY CENTRE LOCATION ** GRADE 2 LISTED ** Oakmans estate agents are delighted to present a two-bedroom, top-floor apartment located in the historic Newton Chambers on Cannon Street, Birmingham. This unique property was formerly two ..."
COMMERCIAL PROPERTY FOR SALE: For sale is a well presented extended shop and spacious one bedroom flat. On entrance to the property is a generous shop front currently used as a show room and office space. Just off this space is a kitchen/staff area. To the rear of the property is a lar...
"Six Bedrooms, Two Receptions & Two Wet Rooms With Gated Front Drive"
"A Freehold Commercial and Residential Mixed Use Investment Current Gross Income: £2310 PCM/ £27,720 P.A"
HUGE FIVE/SIX BEDROOM! This has to be view to be appricated! ALL done to a very good standard and ready to move into this will not dissapont! Having FOUR BATHROOMS including a ground floor shower room and ensuite to the master bedroom and having been done to HMO regulations but requires a licence!
An superbly presented traditional mid-terraced property situated in this highly desirable location in the heart of Harborne Village. The property provides spacious internal living accommodation with a range of high specification fixtures and fittings throughout including an excellent kitchen brea...
"Apple Property Solutions are Pleased to Offer this Extended, Well Presented Semi-Detached Property For Sale. Situated in a Popular Residential Location, Close to Local Amenities, Transport Links and Schooling. The Property Benefits from Block Paved Drive, Porch, Reception Hall, Spacious Through Loun"
*** Townhouse***Rent Proof are proud to present this 2 Bedroom Townhouse in the heart of Jewellery Quarter. The boosts a lot of character with fantastic features.A MUST VIEW TO BE APPRECIATED!!!
*** NO ONWARD CHAIN*** SUPERB LOCATION*** CHARACTER PROPERTY*** PRIVATE REAR GARDEN*** THREE BEDROOMS*** GREAT OPPORTUNITY***
"A lovely 2 BEDROOM 2 BATH apartment (687sqf) is located on the THIRD FLOOR in a new built Snow Hill Wharf development in the heart of Birmingham. The apartment offers a modern open plan living/dining and kitchen area with custom designed high gloss kitchen, integrated appliances and tiled bathroom. "
"*SHOW APARTMENT AVAILABLE TO VIEW* READY TO MOVE IN NOW - this LUXURY 2nd floor apartment, 811 sqft, SPACIOUS open plan living. Concierge, private gym, concierge parking, residents lounge & coffee bar, secure & private green open space, canal & city views! With luxurious finishes thr..."
"**NOW READY TO MOVE IN** A superb two-bedroom apartment situated in the New School House, part of the brand new Copperworks Development in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter. The property is now ready to be occupied and must be viewed to appreciate the quality of the accommodation on offer"
"We are pleased to offer this impressive, larger than average, third floor apartment located in this prestigious development in Moseley Village. Offering an excellent location for all of Moseley's associated amenities including bars and restaurants. The accommodation briefly comprises; secure..."
FIRST FLOOR LUXURY APARTMENT | Gated Residence | Communal Gardens | Allocated Parking | Visitors Parking | Low Service Charge | Located on the Calthorpe Estate | Walking distance to Birmingham City Centre | High Spec throughout
Large 2 Bed Penthouse @ Digbeth One 2 | New Build | Long Lease & Low Service Charge | Master with Ensuite | Allocated Parking Available | Excellent Finishes Throughout | Bike Storage Available | Communal Roof Terrace | 10 mins Walk to Bullring | Ready to Move in!
"Located within the popular and newly built Timber Yard development, this stunning two bedroom apartment with allocated parking is perfectly situated within walking distance of local amenities and ideal for transport links. "
This Property is beautifully presented and must be viewed to see its true protentional! The Property in Brief consists of; Off road parking for two vehicles and double glazed PVC porch leading to; Entrance hall giving access to the spacious reception room to front and...
"A rare opportunity to acquire a beautifully presented and refurbished first floor apartment in delightful landscaped grounds. Central heating and double glazing as specified, hall with storage, splendid lounge / dining room partially open plan to high specification refitted kitchen with appliance..."
"A spacious detached family home with three generous bedrooms. This property offers spacious accommodation including an entrance hallway, spacious living room with feature arch windows to the rear garden and on the stairs, modern fitted kitchen, guest w/c and a garage with storage area.
Upstairs ..."
***£10K PRICE REDUCTION - MOTIVATED SELLER***WELL-PRESENTED LARGE FAMILY HOME***SPACIOUS ACCOMODATION***POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION***FOUR BEDROOMS***UTILITY ROOM***KITCHEN/DINER***GROUND FLOOR SHOWER ROOM***GARAGE***CHAIN FREE***
"Paul Carr Estate Agents are pleased to offer this spacious three bedroom semi detached family home which is situated on a very sought after road in Handsworth Wood. The property comprises of an entrance hallway, sitting room, large lounge, conservatory, fitted kitchen, snug and shower room to the..."
"A traditional three bedroom semi detached family home, set within this popular cul-de-sac location and benefiting from extended ground floor accommodation with four reception rooms, off road parking & garage and good size rear garden. EP Rating E"
"A great opportunity to acquire this well presented, successful HMO property on the well regarded and conveniently located Harborne Park Road. Occupying an excellent position on this popular..."
"Modern, Well Kept, Off Road Parking, Two reception rooms, & Three bedrooms? Look no further as this property could be perfect for you. This family home is located within walking distance to Bearwood high street & Windmill shopping centre. CONTACT US TODAY FOR A VIEWING ON "
***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED AND GREATLY IMPROVED***DETACHED FAMILY HOME***INTEGRAL GARAGE***EN-SUITE OFF MASTER BEDROOM***MUCH SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION***
An excellent opportunity for those seeking a fantastic 3 bedroom home on this popular road in central Harborne in need of renovation and improvement. This character home offers a great posi...
"A charming 2/3 bedroom ground floor apartment situated in this prestigious development and enjoying superb views over the well kept grounds. Offered with no chain. EPC RATING D TAX BAND - D TENURE - Leasehold, 125 year term with 97 years remaining Service Charge - £6088.05p/a ..."
***PRIME BOLDMERE LOCATION***WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***THREE WELL PROPORTIONED BEDROOMS***THROUGH LOUNGE DINER***FITTED BREAKFAST KITCHEN***VIEWING ESSENTIAL***
"A modern dynamic and luxurious development. This development is one of Birmingham's most popular and hottest places to live, tailored to meet all city living needs. Perfect for Buy to Serviced Accommodation. With up to 15% yield. Unique opportunity in this current market, Get in touch!"
An immaculately presented extended four bedroom semi detached property situated on a cul-de-sac. The property has been tastefully presented by the owners and provides a large family home. Early viewing is essential on this property due to the immaculate condition and we can see this being very po...
"This mid terrace property is not to be missed! Comprising of three reception rooms, fitted kitchen, ground floor bathroom, four bedrooms, first floor shower room and rear garden. Could this be your ideal property? Call our Residential Sales Team today to get your viewing booked in on ."
"A 2 double bedroom ground floor retirement apartment for the over 60's available with No Chain. Having master bedroom with built in wardrobes & en-suite bath & shower room, open plan lounge kitchen diner with French doors onto the courtyard outdoor space. On site concierge, gym, bistro & library."
"This well presented semi-detached property is situated in the popular Hopwood area of South Birmingham. Placed with easy access to local amenities, shops, schools, eateries and a fantastic spot for motorway links (M42)."
"A well-presented three-bedroom detached property with potential to extend *subject to planning permission* situated on a quiet residential close providing nearby; amenities, excellent transport links, and highly regarded schools. In brief, this property comprises; entrance hallway with stairs to ..."
"For sale by public auction on 22/03/2023 08:00 . Please note that the Auction will be an online auction via our website. For further information including viewing times and legal packs, please visit our website."
"Paul Carr Estate Agents are pleased to offer this fantastic seven bedroom Victorian period property which retains many of its original features. This well-presented three story property comprises of a porch, hallway leading to a cellar, two reception rooms, fitted kitchen/breakfast room, utility ..."
Bairstow Eves are pleased to offer this stunning spacious five bedroom semi-detached property for sale. This beautiful Victorian style property must be viewed in order to be appreciated the property is very well maintained throughout and will make a beautiful family home. ...
"An extended traditional style semi-detached property conveniently located in Weymoor Road. Briefly, comprising porch, hall, lounge, interconnecting dining room, breakfast kitchen, three double bedrooms, bathroom, rear garden and garage. The property is well situated on Weymoor Road which runs..."
"Houseen Property is delighted to offer this two bedroom 2 bathroom new built apartment for sales in the renowned Berkeley Ground development, Colomore Building, SNOW HILL WHARF, Birmingham."
"The 32nd floor apartment boasts approx. 1,250 square feet of floor space in the iconic Beetham development. There are 3 bedrooms, a bathroom, an en-suite, a cavernous living room/kitchen, a sun terrace and panoramic views over the city. There is secure parking and warm air heating. No upward chain!"
"A large 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment with 2 balconies and one parking space. Situated in Moseley's Britannic Park, one of the most prestigeous developments in the area. The apartment offers over 1000 sq ft of luxurious space, including the exceptionally large living room. The living room also ..."
"It is a pleasure to offer for sale this superb traditionally styled property that has been extended and upgraded heavily. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The interiors offer large enclosed porch, welcoming hallway, generous through lounge/dining room..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a seven lettings room semi detached property situated in Sheldon.The property is being sold as Chain Free and would be an ideal purchase for landlords or investors. Situated in a convenient residential location having access to local amenities, it offers good ..."
***PRIME LOCATION CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION**TWO RECEPTION ROOMS**FITTED KITCHEN***GROUND FLOOR STUDY***THREE WELL PROPORTIONED BEDROOMS***FAMILY BATHROOM***INTEGRAL GARAGE***REAR WORKSHOP***NO UPWARD CHAIN***
"NO CHAIN! ""Location, location, location!"" Within WALKING DISTANCE TO HIGH STREET. Here is a house that must be viewed to appreciate as it offers endless VERSATILE LIVING ACCOMODATION. With a MODERN KITCHEN, TWO BATHROOMS, REAR GARDEN and DRIVEWAY, this property ticks all the boxes!
"
"Dixons are proud to present this three-bedroom penthouse apartment in the heart of Birmingham. This property comprises three bedrooms, two bathrooms, one reception room, separate kitchen. Also with the added luxury of a secure allocated parking space included and being within walking distance of..."
"An excellent modern semi detached residence in a good location. Central heating and double glazing as specified, hall, cloaks/WC, living room, fitted dining/kitchen with appliances, three bedrooms, ensuite shower, bathroom/WC, front parking, rear garden. Ansell Way is well situated just ..."
"Loving presented and extended this family home is an absolute must for viewing. The property affords parking to the front driveway with porch then leading to an entrance hallway giving access through to all rooms and into a front facing dining room, with delightful and bright Southerly facing re..."
*** DETACHED *** THREE BEDROOMS *** THREE RECEPTION ROOMS *** LOADS OF POTENTIAL *** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED *** DRIVE WAY *** FAMILY BATHROOM *** SEPARATE WC AND WASH BASIN *** FREEHOLD *** KITCHEN AND UTILITY ROOM *** DO NOT MISS OUT *** CALL SHIPWAYS NOW ON ***
*** DETACHED FAMILY HOME *** FOUR BEDROOMS *** OFF ROAD PARKING & GARAGE *** GUEST CLOAKROOM *** UTILITY *** LOUNGE & DINING ROOM *** KITCHEN *** EN-SUITE & FAMILY BATHROOM *** IDEALLY LOCATED FOR AMENITIES ***
*** Three Bedrooms - Semi Detached - Kitchen Diner - En-Suite To Master Bedroom - Driveway *** A fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom semi detached property set on a popular development in Selly Oak. The property offers an entrance hallway with a door leading into a bright and ai...
"A fantastic 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment in The Quadrant. The open plan living room / kitchen has a large living space situated next to the juliet balcony. This creates a bright atmosphere for the living room. The modern kitchen is fully equipped with a built in dishwasher and washer / dryer. ..."
***SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME***FANTASTIC LOCATION NEAR ALL AMENITIES & GOOD SCHOOL CATCHMENT***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***TWO BATHROOMS***FOUR BEDROOMS***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED*** 
"ST MARTIN'S PLACE | Executive 2 Bed 2 Bath Apartment in Luxury Building | 24hr Concierge Service | Residents Gym & Private Cinema Room | Residents Lounge Area with Free Coffee, Tea & WiFi | 3rd Floor Large, Open Terrace | Access to Park Regis' Facilities | Brindley Place, Centenary Square..."
"** CAN BE OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN ** NEWER BUILD ** SECLUDED LOCATION ** Oakmans are delighted to bring a beautifully-presented, three bedroom property to the market. This fantastic family home benefits from being close to transport links, amenities and is situated on a cul-de-sac w..."
"This delightful and well presented semi detached property is close to many local amenities including: schools, shops, mosques, rail and bus routes as well as Heartlands hospital. The accommodation comprises of: Entrance porch, welcoming entrance hall, lounge, sitting room, kitchen, three bedrooms..."
"A spacious and well presented 4 bedroom modern style town house situated in a cul-de-sac off Alcester Road South, positioned opposite Albert Road Play Park, with great access to High Street shops and amenities, junior and senior schools, major bus routes and the regional road network. The prop..."
"City Centre apartment a ""stones throw"" from The Jewellery Quarter. Walking distance to Snow Hill & New Street Station and to the bullring and Grand central offering great shopping, restaurant and bars. This modern apartment offers 3 bedrooms, Master with en-suite, bathroom, fitted k..."
"A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED MODERN DETACHED FAMILY HOME, offering ‘Swiss Chalet style’ living all year round. Recently refurbished (Sept. 22) to a high standard, it is offered with no upward chain. It includes three bedrooms, a spacious first floor living room with a balcony overlooking p..."
"***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS - MODERN KITCHEN - OFF ROAD PARKING*** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic three bedroom semi detached home for sale. Situated on Pamela Road the property is conveniently located within a popular residential area with local amenities, transport links and ..."
"A beautiful, recently refurbished 3 bedroom detached home on the quiet and well located Minton Road. Offering generous proportions throughout, the property is approached via a large driveway with gara..."
"This conveniently located well presented extended three bed link detached bungalow is situated in a peaceful cul-de-sac set within close proximity of many desirable amenities including, shops, schools and transport links. With accommodation including a generous living room and separate family/rec..."
"Standing 22 storeys canal-side, this stunning 266-apartment development is designed to deliver on all the demands of today’s rental market. Boasting the brand standards of prime city centre location, luxury apartments and premium amenities, Lancaster Wharf is built to attract and..."
SOON TO BE COMPLETED- Jewellery Qtr - 2 Bed 2 Bath - Stunning blend of original features and modern renovations - Huge living spaces - Exquisite bathroom finishing- Factory Casement Windows - Prime Location - Walking Distance to all Major Landmarks - CALL TODAY for more details!
"A well proportioned semi detached family home with three bedrooms and two reception rooms. Situated on Tennal Lane the property is set back from the road beyond a front garden with hedgerow and off road parking. Inside the property briefly comprises; entrance hallway, front and rear reception roo..."
Delightful two bedroomed terraced property having been recently refurbished and presented to a high standard throughout. Thoughtful touches throughout include USB chargers in the wall sockets and careful planning of storage areas. This well-located property briefly comprises: through lounge/...
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this extended three bedroom semi-detached property situated in the most convenient location on Shirley Road, B28. This property has the benefit of being sold CHAIN FREE and viewing is highly recommended!"
"A well presented semi detached bungalow in a quiet location benefitting from no upward chain, two double bedrooms, lounge, kitchen, shower room, pleasant rear garden, car-port, garage and off road parking"
"Boasting a beautiful mix of high specification and contemporary , this incredible new corner plot home has all the features you could possibly need in a dream home. Secure your desired plot in this new development situated on a private road with only 3 plots remaining...
"
"SHOW HOME AVAILABLE TO VIEW. Book your priority viewing of our Show Home which is a Grade II listed Loft Style apartment set within the Pressworks Development of 48 homes, where history and contemporary design seamlessly combine. The Pressworks has been designed to preserve the"
"Oakmans offer a three bedroom family house near the city centre currently undergoing renovation. Front door opens into a spacious entrance hall with access to a large modern lounge with access to the garden, a brand new modern fitted kitchen/dining room equipped with quality built in ap..."
This impressive luxury property is a 2 bedroom duplex apartment boasting a luxury specification. This is a fantastic opportunity to own chic apartment just off St Pauls Square.
SOON TO BE COMPLETED- Jewellery Qtr - 2 Bed 2 Bath - Stunning blend of original features and modern renovations - Huge living spaces - Exquisite bathroom finishing- Factory Casement Windows - Prime Location - Walking Distance to all Major Landmarks. 
"Perfect for Investment or for a First Time Buyer - A must see!... New to the market, this impressive first floor conversion apartment is filled with character features including high ceilings, beams, stripped brickwork and curved top traditional windows. The property itself boas..."
This quiet and select development of just 5 properties is set back from Calthorpe Road and is perfect for first time buyers and families alike. Available for sale we have three 3 bed link-detached properties suitable for all. Entering through the hallway to find the staircase with storage and...
"A beautifully presented and modern three-bedroom property which has been stylishly re-furbished and extended by the current owner. This deceptively spacious property features three bedrooms, two spacious reception rooms, a third ground floor room that can be used as an office/play room, a modern..."
"Modern semi-detached extended property, having open plan lounge/dining/kitchen, ground floor WC, utility, three bedrooms, bathroom, driveway, garage and rear garden. The property is located on Arosa Drive, which leads off Elford Road, which in turn leads to Quinton Road. It is very well..."
"High Specification Two Bedroom Apartment in a PRIME LOCATION | 5 Minute Walk from Grand Central, Canals & Shopping Centres | Designer Fixtures and Fittings | Concierge Service | Additional Allocated Parking"
"This development is a stunning blend of old and new, converting a 1900s factory building into stunning 21st-century living apartments. Whether you are a homeowner, first-time buyer or investor looking to get a slice of the ever-growing Birmingham market, this is definitely something to consider."
"Enjoy incredible open green space and footpaths at Frankley Green, where our superb Dunham is located. Take a look at our drone footage!"
Outstanding! Exceptional! Just a few of the superlatives to be used easily in conjunction with this beautifully presented and most successfully extended three bedroom character family home. Offering an entrance hallway which provides access to a delightful bright and spacious through lounge dini...
"Beautifully presented, two double bedroom house, located in the popular Park Central area of the City. Built around the park offering a lovely unique green space to live by and yet still walking distance to the Bull Ring and grand Central train station. Ideal location. House has a breakfast kitch..."
"Hunters are pleased to market this immaculately presented, three-bedroom detached family home, which simply must be viewed to fully appreciate. Conveniently located close to schools, amenities and transport links. The internal accommodation briefly comprises of; entrance hallway with sta..."
fantastic luxury conversion apartment within a prestigious mill development in the heart of Southside. A wealth of original features have been retained including exposed brickwork or pillars depending on the unit. 
"YL are proud to offer a highly attractive two-bedroom Grade II listed apartment in the sought after House Of York development. This superb first floor property is accessed from a private courtyard entrance and comprises spacious entrance hallway, open plan living and dining room /separate fully..."
"Paul Carr Estate Agents are pleased to offer this very well presented four bedroom semi detached family home which is situated within a sought after cul de sac in Great Barr. The property has been much improved by the current owners and comprises of a dining room, spacious lounge, conservatory, f..."
*PENTHOUSE* An exceptional top floor penthouse apartment with city views. This is a rare and first opportunity to purchase an off plan apartment in the brand new Boulevard development at Southside. With a high specification and state of the art facilities this is one not to be missed.
A chance to buy a good sized 3 bedroom semi-detached house in a lovely area. Driveway for 3 cars and a side garage. Well-presented front garden. 2 reception rooms and a kitchen with door to the garage. Upstairs there are 2 double bedrooms and a single bedroo...
"A great opportunity to purchase a character home on this very popular road in central Harborne. Presented to an excellent standard throughout with recent improvements, the property enjoys an elevated ..."
*** MUST NOT BE MISSED *** CASTLE BROMWICH VILLAGE *** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED *** TRADITIONAL THREE BED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE *** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS *** SIDE GARAGE *** DRIVEWAY *** PARKING TO THE REAR ***
"We have great delight in offering to the market this superb, two bedroom, duplex apartment, which boasts a superb array of period architectural features throughout and has the benefit of being offered with a share of freehold. Dating back to 1880 this wonderful building has been sympathetically c..."
LAST FEW PLOTS REMAINING!!! READY TO MOVE INTO THE TIME TO REGISTER YOUR INTEREST IS NOW!!!
"*** Semi-Detached Three Bedroom Property * Immaculately Presented Throughout * Modern Kitchen with Island * Downstairs WC *** Oakmans are excited to offer this immaculate, three bedroom semi-detached property located on Bradstock Road, situated in a popular residential area of Kings Nort..."
"Located close to the heart of the city centre is this stylish & contemporary two bedroom, two bathroom apartment offering tranquillity and comfort with the luxury of a secure allocated car parking space."
"An attractive traditional detached family home, offering well maintained three bedroom accommodation with stylish open plan dining kitchen/family room, extensive basement storage and good size garden to the rear. The property is well placed for access to Moseley Village and the newly planned Mose..."
"Lovely three bedroom home, located in this popular location in Moseley on Holders Lane, offering great access to Cannon Hill Park and also nearby Moseley Village with all of its associated amenities including cafes, bars, restaurants and shopping facilities, Moseley Park and Pool and being close ..."
A Much Extended Traditional Semi Detached House Enjoying a Private Aspect to the Rear
"Say hello to our HOME OF THE WEEK, our final home ready for Spring with FLOORING THROUGHOUT. Get in touch!"
"Are you a first-time buyer? We can help you with our First Time Buyer Boost scheme* 
Save when you reserve the "
"PUBLIC NOTICE : 37 Ashmead Rise, B45 8AE. We are in a receipt of an offer of £300,000 subject to contract for this property. Anyonewishing to place a higher offer must do so before legal exchange of contracts. Dixons are proud to present this three bedroom detached property with ..."
A fantastic opportunity to aquire this three bedroom detached home within Cofton Hackett with generous private rear garden. The property requires refurbishment throughout but offers huge potential to both extend and improve. 
Spacious 4 bedroom terraced house located just off the popular Pershore Road.
"Lancaster Wharf has been designed to provide EXCLUSIVE facilities including a CONCIERGE, ROOF TOP TERRACE, GYM, RESIDENTS LOUNGE and TV LOUNGE while offering HIGH SPEC apartments offering CITY VIEWS and CANAL VIEWS."
A well positioned two bedroom apartment in the city centre of Birmingham.
"A modern 2-bedroom, 2-bathroom apartment in the highly sought-after Treasure House, one of the Jewellery Quarter's newest high specification developments. The apartment has been finished to a high standard, with high specification appliances fitted throughout and offers over 960 sq ft of floor sp..."
**Attention Investors!!Off Plan Investment Opportunity In The Heart Of City CentreStart With Only a 5% DepositGet Guaranteed Yield Above The Market Value
"The Ashdown is a semi-detached home with a kitchen/breakfast room, a separate dining room, a cloakroom and useful built-in storage cupboards. The living room - with a Juliet balcony - and bedroom three are on the first floor. En suite bedroom one, bedroom two and a bathroom are on the second floor."
OUTSTANDING PROPERTY! This THREE bedroom property just has to be viewed! Having three DOUBLE bedrooms and a master with an ENSUITE this property is ready to move into and defiantly has the WOW factor. Beautiful garden and GATED OFF ROAD parking! CALL NOW on to view.
***EXTENDED FAMILY HOME***THREE RECEPTION ROOMS***KITCHEN/DINING AREA***FOUR BEDROOMS***BATHROOM & EN-SUITE***OFF-ROAD PARKING***GOOD SIZE REAR GARDEN***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***NO UPWARD CHAIN***
"* NO UPWARD CHAIN * IDEAL AS BOTH A FAMILY HOME & INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY * Oakmans offer this stunning Victorian, semi-detached property, located on the popular Frederick Road, Selly Oak, Birmingham. This is a traditional four-bedroom home, in need of full modernisation. The pro..."
"£800 per month towards your mortgage for 1 year - that's a total of £9,600. .Plot 159: The Bamburgh is a truly fantastic 3-bedroom 3-storey townhouse, with the entire top floor dedicated to the Master Bedroom & En-Suite."
" Portfolio properties brings to market International House which hosts 59 en-suite plus apartments which consist of an ample living space, double bed and a private fitted shower room. Communal cooking facilities are widely available, in addition to a large communal social space on the"
An Attractive freehold Residential Development Opportunity extending to to 1.04 acres located in the convenient and sought after village of Birkenshaw The opportunity incorporates an existing 5 bed dormer bungalow and adjacent land with full planning permission for the erection of 10 dwellings.
"Mason House is a superb modern detached property, built in 2019 and offering a total of over 3,800 Sqft, including a double integral garage. Featuring underfloor heating, the best of open plan living and 5 bedrooms, including 3 en suites, this really is an incredible modern home. Viewings are ava..."
"Unexpectedly reoffered to the market, this substantial commanding family home with electric gated entry is located in a highly sought after semi-rural, greenbelt conservation area, yet is only a 10-minute walk to Apperley Bridge train station with direct access to both Leeds (10 minutes) and Brad..."
"** RARE OPPORTUNITY ** A substantial period property set in its own private, gated grounds with a sweeping driveway and boasting 13 bedrooms, 9 en-suite's, 5 reception rooms and superb original character features. Offering flexible accommodation and suitable for a variety of uses. "
** CONVERTED BARN ** APPROX 2.5 ACRES LAND ** OUTBUILDINGS ** FIVE BEDROOMS ** STUNNING VIEWS ** * THREE RECEPTION ROOMS * GATED DRIVEWAY * UNDERFLOOR HEATING * A truly stunning five bedroom detached family home positioned on the edge of the much sought after area of Keelham. Boastin...
Dating back to the late 19th century this magnificent Georgian home which has been extended over recent years sits within this quiet yet convenient setting yet close to the picturesque Leeds Liverpool canal and highly regarded Woodhouse Grove School. Brimming with charm and character throughout w...
*STUNNING FAMILY HOME*BARN CONVERSION*FIVE BEDROOMS*COMMERCIAL YARD*STUNNING VIEWS* HAMILTON BOWER are delighted to offer FOR SALE this most impressive five bedroom detached barn conversion deep in the heart of the sought after village of Shelf. Early viewing is highly suggested to fully...
"Our Georgian 5 Bedroom family home sits in spacious gardens of 0.66 acres. Sitting in a little known private location of similar styled properties, The Coach House includes a separate extension suitable as use for a one bedroom annexe which includes its own access and a detached double garage wit..."
A superb 6/7 bedroom detached Grade II listed period property set in a superb rural position between Thornton and Wilsden. The property offers impressive flow of indoor and outdoor living with private gardens and country side views making this a perfect family home in an idyllic setting...
"An interesting and extremely versatile small holding comprising an extended farmhouse, a substantial adjoining barn and a range of more modern farm buildings of varying condition, together with about 6 acres. Delightful semi rural setting with an open outlook."
"****ONLY TWO PLOTS REMAINING**** An exclusive development of just five, detached executive properties which have been completed to a high standard throughout. The two remaining plots are large six bedroom, six bathroom family homes with a large ground floor, en-suite bedroom id..."
* IMMACULATELY PRESENTED * DETACHED TRUE BUNGALOW * FOUR BEDROOMS * SIZEABLE PLOT * * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * TWO BATH/SHOWER ROOMS * DOUBLE GARAGE * AMPLE PARKING * This STUNNING DETACHED TRUE BUNGALOW is set upon a SIZEABLE PLOT of circa. 0.75 acres. This modern and stylish home...
An exciting residential development opportunity comprising a range of traditional and modern farm buildings with planning permission and prior approval for conversion to create four substantial detached dwellings. Attractive semi rural position bordering open countryside.
"Westfield House is a stunning four bedroom Georgian family home, having been extended and fully renovated by the current owners with a meticulous attention to detail in every room with an eclectic mix of original period features and contemporary design. Paying particular attention to the outside ..."
"A rare and unique opportunity to acquire this Grade II listed residence which is situated in a respected backwater location in the heart of popular Drighlington. The property is currently being refurbished by local developer, Stone developments who are working tirelessly to retain and restore man..."
"""ROBIN COTTAGE"" IS AN IMPOSING TWO BEDROOM STONE BUILT DETACHED BUNGALOW SET WITHIN 2.5 ACRES WITHIN THIS HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER VILLAGE LOCATION"
"The Barn House - This Charming, Unrivalled Detached Barn Conversion is so much more than meets the eye and is ready to become your future family home. Five bedrooms - two are Ensuite, two Reception Rooms, House Bathroom, two Garages. Oh and did we mention the Outbuildings which could easily be co..."
** LAST ONE REMAINING ** NEW BUILD DETACHED * HIGH SPECIFICATION * FOUR BEDROOMS * THREE BATH/SHOWER ROOMS * * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * QUALITY FIXTURES/FITTINGS * GARDEN * GARAGE * 1941 SQ FT * Wilsden View is a superb new development of only two high specification homes. The developmen...
"This remarkable period cottage dates in part back to 1724 and offers a unique opportunity to an incoming purchase to acquire this stunning home with generous gardens and the adjacent beck to the rear! Perfect for anyone seeking a piece of the country, this beautiful home is available to view via ..."
"A rare opportunity! Stunning, three double bedroom, stone, Grade II listed detached family home offering substantial reception & bedroom space, along with extensive gardens & generous forecourt parking. Delightful, quiet & private position, yet only minutes to amenities, schools, the ..."
"Signature Homes by Robert Watts offer for sale this stunning Detached Barn Conversion. Originally a Coach House, dating back to 1850, it was converted in 2002 to create a beautiful and substantial family sized home. With a wealth of features that epitomizes what a barn conversion should be. Amazi..."
"An immaculately presented four bedroom home offering a DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS FOOTPRINT which sits on a LARGE PLOT WITH PADDOCK of circa. 0.55 acres. Located in this semi rural position with open aspect view to the front, it still remains ideal for commuters with easy access to the M62 and the sta..."
"Offering excellent family accommodation in the popular village of Shelf is this stunning detached five bedroom property which sits on a generous plot of land with far reaching views! Benefitting from a private garden, a garage & storage space. Contact us now to book your viewing!"
"DEAL OVER £17,000. Situated in private CUL-DE-SAC, featuring FRENCH DOORS to WEST FACING garden, EN SUITE main bedroom and PRIVATE DRIVEWAY for 2 cars.
Your new home has an open-plan dining kitchen, spacious lounge and handy cloakroom. Upstairs, you will find an EN SUITE main bedroom, a second do..."
Detached home within this cul-de-sac development. Superbly well-presented with spacious living accommodation which includes four double bedrooms. Benefiting from ample parking to the front along with an enclosed private garden to the rear.
"GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £575,000 *** SIMPLY STUNNING SIX BEDROOM HOME WHICH MUST BE VIEWED TO APPRECIATE AND IS OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN *** Our phone lines are open 08:00 - 22:00 seven days a week!"
"Situated in an elevated and private position and is a superbly presented and highly-maintained detached residence close to local schools, amenities and the Bradford Royal Infirmary."
"BRAND NEW TO THE MARKET, ALUXURY 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE ON GENEROUS SITE. FULLY BESPOKE DESIGN & BUILD. GATES OPEN ON TO LONG PAVED DRIVEWAY TERMINATING AT THE LARGE DOUBLE GARAGE AND PRIVATE GARDEN AREA TO THE REAR. BUILT FROM HIGH QUALITY STONE UNDER A SLATE ROOF. WALK-IN WARDROB..."
"No chain. Set back from the road with a twin, drive in drive out driveway is Moorcroft, a commanding stone built family home set in approx. 1/3 acre of stunning landscaped gardens. "
* * DETACHED BUNGALOW * * FOUR BEDROOMS * * STUNNING VIEWS * * LARGE GARDEN * * * * DESIRABLE POSITION * * SPACIOUS DOUBLE GARAGE * * SEMI RURAL LOCATION * * * * IMMACULATLEY PRESENTED * * TWO BATH/SHOWER ROOMS * * SUMMER ROOM * * AMPLE PARKING * * NO CHAIN * * Viewing this property...
"Tyron Ash Real Estate is pleased to offer a Brand New and Luxurious 5 bedroom detached home. Extending towards 2,000 Sqft all homes have been carefully constructed to create the perfect generous living space with a luxury finish"
"* STRICTLY BY APPOINTMENT ONLY * Delightfully situated within a prestigious residential location is a superbly presented five bedroom detached home offering attractive living accommodation extensively extended with large gardens, parking and garage."
** FANTASTIC EXAMPLE OF ITS TYPE ** STEP INSIDE THIS SUBSTANTIAL STONE BUILT DETACHED PROPERTY of which the current owners have made vast improvements over recent months. The property has versatile living accommodation which lends it to all variety of buyers! Welcoming entrance hallway with open ...
"Impressive detached family home with an attached annex, driveway, double garage and garden- MUST BE VIEWED!
Briefly comprises: To the ground floor: Entrance hall, lounge, dining kitchen, annex with sitting room, kitchen and shower room. To the first floor: Four double bedrooms (three en-suite) an..."
STONE DETACHED PROPERTY * 4 BEDROOMS * 3 BATHROOMS * REAR UPVC DG CONSERVATORY * IMPRESSIVE ENTRANCE AND LANDING * LARGE LOUNGE * SUPERBLY APPOINTED KITCHEN DINING ROOM WITH A FRONT FACING FAMILY ROOM * UTILITY * FRONT PATTERNED PAVED DRIVE OFFERS PARKING FOR LOTS OF CARS/CARAVAN/MOTOR HOME * THI...
Hunters Estate Agents are pleased to offer to the market this unique opportunity to buy a most impressive five bedroom detached family home. The property has had many upgrades over the years and has quality fixtures and fitting throughout. Internally the versatile accommodation briefly comprises ...
"** THREE SEPARATE PROPERTIES ** This very interesting property consists of a large three bedroom semi-detached, a ground floor two bedroom apartment and a first floor three bedroom duplex apartment. Huge potential here for further development or reconfiguration. Could make a 10 bedroom+ house! "
"Guide Price £480,000 - £490,000. A DETACHED Property Offering Spacious Accommodation And Has FOUR BEDROOMS, THREE RECEPTIONS, THREE BATHROOMS And A GARAGE."
"Signature Homes by Robert Watts offer a unique opportunity to purchase an imposing 5 Bedroomed Period residence, that provides substantial family sized accommodation. Having never come to the market and being part of the same family for 2 generations, a detailed viewing is essential to fully appr..."
"A spectacular and hugely extended detached property that occupies a corner plot and pleasant position on a quiet cul-de-sac, which has been lovingly presented and fully renovated throughout to the highest possible specifications, briefly comprising a porch, entrance hall, spacious lounge, living ..."
"Forming part of a small and select development of the former White Castle Brewery is this unique period stone built family home set in approximately 3/4 of an acre of well kept grounds and enjoying magnificent far reaching valley views.
The characterful and generous living accommodation includes ..."
"Truly OUTSTANDING is the only way to describe this modern FIVE BEDROOM executive DETACHED property located within such a highly regarded residential location. Contemporary, Stylish and Practical."
"PRISTINE STONE DETACHED FARM STYLE COTTAGE * PRIVATE ELECTRIC GATED SMALL COMPLEX * SITUATED WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE HISTORIC VILLAGES OF THACKLEY & IDLE AND THEIR MANY NEW BARS, RESTAURANTS AND INDEPENDENT SHOPS , WELCOMING COMMUNITIES AND FOR THOSE WHO LOVE THE OUTDOORS, CANAL AND WOODLA..."
"** A MOST IMPRESSIVE, FIVE BEDROOM PERIOD PROPERTY ** PRIVATE LOCATION ** LARGE GARDENS, DRIVEWAY & GARAGE ** SUPERB CHARACTER FEATURES ** This delightful property is definitely one for the discerning purchaser and is located down a shared private driveway. This property is sure to impress. "
"Barkers are pleased to offer for sale this stunning FOUR bedroomed stone built detached offering substantial living accommodation and situated on a small, select development in Birkenshaw within walking distance of the sought after BBG Academy. The property also benefits from a double driveway ..."
Find your perfect home on the Woodlands View development built by Keepmoat homes. The quaint development is perfect for first-time buyers and those wishing to upgrade to a bigger home. A collection of 6 homes available with Shared Ownership bring perfect modern living at an affordable price.
"Positioned in a tucked away location in the heart of Birkenshaw is this detached true bungalow. Offering spacious and versatile accommodation throughout. The property is within the catchment of the well regarded BBG high school as well as ideal for commuters to Leeds, Manchester and Hull within e..."
"**GRADE II LISTED**EXTENDED**DETACHED SPACIOUS FAMILY LIVING**POPULAR LOCATION** Presented to the market, situated in the popular village location of Wibsey is this Grade II listed, five bedroom, detached house with the potential to create a perfect family home. This stunning home boasts an e..."
"To purely class this SIMPLY STUNNING family home as a linked detached is to massively undersell it and the immaculate finish, the sheer size of the footprint and impressive nature of the accommodation really needs to be viewed to be appreciated. Offering FIVE BEDROOMS with FOUR BATHROOMS, this e..."
"The property comprises a parcel of land measuring 0.5 acres (0.20ha) including two semi-detached residential dwellings with a detached workshop located to the rear. No.1 Huddersfield Road comprises a substantial semi-detached house having a kitchen and two reception rooms at ground floor level,..."
"Impressive detached bungalow in a generous plot of approx. 1/4 of an acre. Accessed via electrically operated double gates leading to a horseshoe driveway and a detached double garage. Briefly comprises: 28ft dining kitchen/family room, lounge, four bedrooms ( two with en-suite facilities) and we..."
"Is your family needing more space? Bigger rooms and more of them? How about five double bedrooms and four bathrooms? Would you like some character, something a little different? And perhaps you like a nice view on the outskirts of a good village. This deceptive home could be just the home for you."
"Council Tax - E Immaculately presented, four double bed., detached, ex show home boasting fabulous, high spec., finish throughout with lots of optional upgrades & sitting on such a great size plot. There are generous gardens to the front & rear, driveway parking for up to three cars ..."
"The Gables is a stunning Grade II Listed property originally built by a local wool merchant, Joseph Benn, one of three partners of J Benn and Co, and was completed in 1888 for Alfred Benn. Formerly one residence, the property has since been divided to create two substantial dwellings. This tr..."
"Tucked away within this sought after cul de sac is this high specification family home. Boasting an open plan living kitchen, landscaped gardens and high quality fixtures and fittings throughout this exceptional property is not to be missed. Accommodation briefly consists of an entrance ..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain is an immaculately appointed and beautifully presented three bedroom detached residence in a superb residential location. The magnificent home is enhanced by a superior plot, extensive mature gardens, summer houses, off street parking and panoramic views..."
"5 bed detacthed home in  Bradford. Set over 2 floors, this unique designed home has the much needed space for familes, with additional sercuity gates for privacy.  On entrance to the home, there is alarge spacious hallway.  The is a seperate utilty room, large lounge,..."
SUPERB VICTORIAN PERIOD STONE LARGE SEMI-DETACHED ON THREE LEVELS * 2 RECEPTION ROOMS * LARGE BREAKFAST KITCHEN ROOM * SUPERB FAMILY BATHROOM * 3 UPSTAIRS BEDROOMS * GROUND LEVEL OPTIONAL 4TH BEDROOM/OFFICE * UTILITY ROOM * CLOAKS * SOUTH FACING LARGE FRONT CONSERVATORY * LARGE FRONT LAWNED GARDE...
Beautifully Appointed 4 BED Detached house in popular area of Heaton.
"* DETACHED HOUSE * FOUR/FIVE BEDROOMS * TWO/THREE RECEPTION ROOMS * CUL-DE-SAC * * MODERN FITTED KITCHEN * ENVIABLE LOCATION * LARGE GARDEN * PARKING * Occupying a delightfully situated cul-de-sac setting in this enviable residential location, is this modern four bedroom detached hous..."
"A wonderful 6 bedroom detached home in Queensbury, situated in a peaceful, rural location overlooking the valley. Comprised of: Warm and welcoming entrance hall Cosy and bright living room Recently fitted bespoke kitchen / diner, with fitted granite tops and island unit<..."
"Hunters Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this superbly presented and well proportioned family home. Situated in a cul-de-sac position close to the heart of Wrose Village where you will find an abundance of amenities including Co-op, various takeaways, public houses, laundrette a..."
"* * DETACHED BUNGALOW * * THREE/FOUR BEDROOMS * * CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION * * * * GARAGE, PARKING & GARDENS * * This three/four bedroom detached bungalow is well placed for an excellent range of localised amenities in Heaton. Situated in this understandably sought after area, offering easy ..."
"NO CHAIN. A large and modern family home, with plenty of parking and a double detached garage. Situated within a popular village and close to Leeds. URN: LCLG"
"Impressive Extended Detached Bungalow, situated in this highly sought after village location. Immaculately presented throughout, the bungalow provides spacious family sized accommodation. With 3 Bedrooms, 2 Bathroom, 3 Reception Room + Kitchen. A detailed viewing is essential to fully appreciate...."
* PERIOD PROPERTY * SIX BEDROOMS * FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS * THREE FLOORS * * CONSERVATION AREA * ABUNDANCE OF ORIGINAL FEATURES * PANORAMIC VIEWS * * LAWNED GARDENS * PARKING * GRADE II LISTED * NO ONWARD CHAIN * Rare to the market is this unique opportunity to purchase this magnif...
"A truly unique opportunity to purchase one of just three, soon to built executive, six bedroom detached family homes, with ample off-street parking and enclosed gardens to rear"
"VIRTUAL TOUR ONLINE!! Situated On A Large Corner Plot, A Spacious Detached Property Offering Five / Six Bedrooms, Three Receptions, Gardens And A Large Drive With Potential for Parking Eight To Ten Cars."
Offered for sale is this detached unique property set on a generous plot in a sought after location of Drighlington. The property is set over 3 floors offering plenty of living space and an internal viewing is needed to fully appreciate the accommodation and outside space.
"The Chedworth ticks all the boxes. The open-plan kitchen/family room is perfect for family time. There’s a living room, dining room, downstairs cloakroom and a utility room with outside access. Upstairs there are four bedrooms - bedroom one has an en suite - a family bathroom and a storage cupboard."
Offering great family accommodation is this three bedroom semi-detached property in Queensbury which is presented to an excellent standard throughout. Benefitting from off street parking and a good sized rear garden. Close to local amenities and transport links. Contact us now to book your viewing!
 Rarely does this sort of property come to the open market so an early viewing is recommended to avoid disappointment. Green Royd Farm is a delightful 3 double bedroom semi detached cottage nestling within the heart of Norwood Green village having the benefit of open countryside views yet within...
"A generous size four bedroom, three bathroomed detached family home boasting three reception rooms to the ground floor. Located in the popular Village of Heaton. Driveway parking with garage, gardens front and rear. uPVC DG and gas central heating.Energy Rating: D. * GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000*"
"Impressive FIVE bedroomed detached family home within walking distance to BBG Academy. Comprises: Entrance hall, 27ft dining kitchen, utility room, lounge, four double bedrooms (master en-suite) bedroom five/study, family bathroom and further shower room. Gardens to three sides, driveway and inte..."
"A perfect opportunity to purchase this well-presented and spacious 4-bedroom home, in the popular area of Apperley Bridge, Bradford. The property has been renovated throughout with a 2-story extension providing a flexible layout, ground floor accommodation comprises of a cozy living room with ..."
"***PRICE £400,000*** If there is one thing you do this Autumn… it is to view this stunning property in Gomersal, Cleckheaton! Rare to market and with being of four properties in this exclusive gated development, you will only appreciate it in full if you arrange to view it,"
"Three storey commercial investment including accommodation over basement, garage, first and second floors. Producing £33,600 p.a net rental income."
"DEAL OVER £22,000. A stunning DETACHED home with SOUTH-WEST facing garden, HOME STUDY, EN SUITE main bedroom and DETACHED GARAGE.
Your new home features an OPEN-PLAN dining kitchen with FRENCH DOORS to the SOUTH-WEST FACING GARDEN. Downstairs also benefits from a spacious lounge and separate STUD..."
"AN IMMACULATELY PRESENTED,  FOUR/FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM, DETACHED PROPERTY IN A SOUGH-OUT AREA. GROUND FLOOR - Entering the property into the entrance hall that has an open staircase in the centre as well as an entrance to the family rooms. The ground floor comprises of a spacious office, wi..."
"This impressive 1920's stone detached property is set on approx 1/4 of an acre plot, with 3 bedrooms to the first floor plus 3 rooms to the loft which were converted 37 years ago this would be a perfect family home. Extremely well presented, a viewing is a must to fully appreciate."
* * DETACHED * * FOUR BEDROOMS * * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * * WELL PRESENTED * * * * LANDSCAPED GARDENS * * GARAGE WITH ELECTRIC DOOR * * PARKING * * Occupying a spacious corner plot on this well established quiet cul-de-sac development is this modern four bedroom detached family home. Th...
This stunning double fronted property benefits from a living room to one side of the entrance hall which also leads directly into the dining area of the open plan kitchen. The accommodation comprises of a spacious entrance hallway with oak handrail stairs to the first floor and access to a downst...
"The buyer of this new build home can choose from a choice of kitchen unit door colours to match their individual style. There are a range of additional upgrades available including choice of tap finish, tiles, and Quooker hot tap. All Westfield View homes benefit from a Premier 10 year building w..."
"Stunning Five Bedroom Detached Family Home occupying an exclusive cul-de-sac setting with panoramic views across the Bradford and Aire Valley. Benefitting from; Three Bathrooms, Integral Garage & Modern Finish throughout. Viewing is essential!"
"DEAL WORTH £22,000. A stunning family home with an impressive open-plan dining kitchen and a handy study.
The heart of this home is the OPEN-PLAN dining kitchen with FRENCH DOORS leading to the garden. Downstairs, you will also find a handy STUDY and spacious lounge. Upstairs, there are 4 DOUBLE ..."
"The Winster is a five-bedroom detached family home. The open-plan kitchen/diner is spacious and bright with French doors leading into the garden - perfect for gatherings with friends and family. It comes complete with an integral single garage, downstairs cloakroom and an en suite to bedroom one."
"£19,000 TOWARDS YOUR MORTGAGE. A stunning family home on a CUL-DE-SAC with 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS.
This stunning DETACHED home is perfectly positioned on a quiet CUL-DE-SAC. Downstairs, you'll find an OPEN-PLAN dining kitchen with FRENCH DOORS leading to the garden, a spacious lounge and useful utilit..."
"NO CHAIN! Purplebricks are thrilled to present to the market this stunning 4-bedroom detached family home, situated on a highly popular residential development in Idle, West Yorkshire. Located only short journey from the neighbouring towns of Wrose and Shipley, this property possesses impressiv..."
"A Yorkshire stone built barn conversion.  A beautifully unique home that is full of character, set in a spacious garden bordered by mature trees and shrubs. The home is extremely spacious and ideal for families.  The entrance to the property leads into the kitchen area, which has amp..."
"With features including FRENCH DOORS off the kitchen / family room, a SEPARATE LAUNDRY ROOM, a DOWNSTAIRS WC, a principal bedroom with a DRESSING ROOM and EN-SUITE, a SEPARATE GARAGE, a 10-YEAR NHBC WARRANTY included and the ability to PRE-RESERVE ONLINE, this this fantastic 4 bedroom home on Kin..."
"DEAL WORTH £18,500. A stunning DETACHED HOME situated in private CUL-DE-SAC with FRENCH DOORS, separate DINING ROOM and EN SUITE main bedroom.
On the ground floor of this spacious home, you will find an OPEN-PLAN kitchen with FRENCH DOORS to the garden and a light and airy lounge, also with FRENC..."
"A SUPERB, MODERN, WELL PRESENTED four bedroom detached home situated in a cul-de-sac position. Briefly comprising of two reception rooms, a dining kitchen, a downstairs W.C an integral garage. The house has four double bedrooms the master with en suite facilities as well as a family bat..."
"DAN PEARCE SELLS HOMES PROUDLY PRESENTS THIS IMMACULATELY PRESENTED 4 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME BOASTING 2 GARAGES, LARGE ENCLOSED GARDEN, MODERN OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINER AND SPACIOUS LOUNGE AREA!!! VIEWING IS ADVISED TO FULLY APPRECIATE WHAT THIS PROPERTY HAS TO OFFER!!!"
A magnificent detached bungalow with 4 good size bedrooms plus additional annex/bedroom 5 situated in this highly desired location close to local amenities & commuting links. Having show home looks & appeal this stunning home has undergone significant and high quality refurbishment & comes with a...
"Dating back to 1845 is this DELIGHTFUL CHARACTER DETACHED RESIDENCE known as Ivy House. Offering an abundance of 'kerb appeal', plenty of outside space and boasts an array of original features throughout of which can only be appreciated on internal inspection. Stepping through the shaped solid oa..."
"UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON THE MARKET ! | CHAIN FREE SALE | EXTREMELY WELL PRESENTED & SPACIOUS FOUR DOUBLE bed., END terrace, ideally sited for great amenities, SCHOOLS, the Park & excellent COMMUTER LINKS. ENCLOSED GARDEN & PARKING to the rear & sited over THREE flrs, briefly, LARGE l..."
"Truly stunning 4/5 bedroom semi detached property which has been extensively extended, along with a complete refurbishment and now offers spacious and flexible accommodation."
"Offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this magnificent period semi detached property in a popular residential location. Boasting a wealth of original features, spacious room sizes and a 60ft deatched garage to the rear, the residence is ideal for a large family or multigenerational living."
"* DETACHED BUNGALOW * THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS * ELEVATED POSITION * * CLOSE TO AMENITIES * CONSERVATORY * GARDENS TO THREE SIDES * DRIVE * GARAGE * WORKSHOP * Boasting a superb elevated position with far reaching views across Bradford and beyond, is this individually built and designed t..."
"An exceptional large four-bedroom, detached property boasting an abundance of natural light and a wealth of spacious accommodation that is presented to an extremely high standard throughout. Benefiting from a large south-facing garden and spacious driveway."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this modern well presented four bedroomed detached property which benefits from extended living space in a quiet cul-de-sac position with gas fired central heating, uPVC double glazing. Briefly comprising: two reception rooms, dining kitchen, downstairs WC, integr..."
Delightfully situated within a prestigious residential location is a superbly presented four bedroom stone built semi detached home offering attractive living accommodation planned over three floors standing in large gardens with private parking and garage.
"DEAL OVER £21,000. A DETACHED home with UTILITY ROOM, EN SUITE main bedroom, INTEGRAL GARAGE and PARKING for 2 cars. 
Your new home features an OPEN-PLAN dining kitchen with French doors to the garden. Downstairs, you will also find a spacious lounge and storage throughout. Upstairs, there are 4 ..."
"DEAL WORTH £18,000. A stunning home with FRENCH DOORS to the garden, separate DINING ROOM, EN SUITE main bedroom and DETACHED GARAGE. A beautiful family kitchen is the heart of this stunning new home, with a delightful breakfast area and FRENCH DOORS to the garden. Also on the ground floor is a ..."
A charming immaculately presented three-bedroom cottage which has been fully modernised and renovated by the current owners. Situated within easy access of Driglington town centre and local amenities and a short drive from junction 27 of the motorway network
"A rare opportunity to purchase a DETACHED TRUE BUNGALOW with three double bedrooms, in a sought after location with open views to the front aspect. A viewing is strongly advised to fully appreciate the size, outside space and the location."
"DEPOSIT BOOST AVAILABLE. A stunning detached home situated in a CORNER LOCATION. The Alderney features an open-plan dining kitchen and spacious lounge, both with a set of FRENCH DOORS to the garden. There's also a separate dining room, perfect for entertaining. You will benefit from 3 DOUBLE bedr..."
"Offered to the market is this well presented five bedroom detached property, with spacious ground floor accommodation, conservatory, two utilities and garage."
"NO CHAIN - Spacious four bedroomed detached occupying a generous plot is a quiet cul de sac position. Briefly comprises: Entrance hall, cloaks/W.C., L-shaped lounge/diner, kitchen, four DOUBLE bedrooms and shower room. Driveway, two garages and gardens."
"Righthaus are proud to offer ****VERY WELL PRESENTED ****5 BEDROOM****3 RECEPTION ROOM****EXTENDED DETACHED**** property situated in the popular residential location of WESTWOOD PARK. The property benefits from 4 BEDROOMS, TWO ENSUITE, 3 RECEPTION ROOMS, DOUBLE GLAZING, GAS CENTRAL HEATING, CCTV ..."
***Purplebricks*** Are delighted to market this outstanding four bedroom detached home offering beautifully presented spacious family living accommodation standing in superb gardens and driveway delightfully situated within a prestigious residential location. This property is beautifully present...
"DAN PEARCE SELLS HOMES PROUDLY OFFERS FOR SALE THIS STUNNING 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME! BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT, WITH SPACIOUS ROOMS AND ON A PRIVATE ESTATE, THIS IS ONE NOT TO BE MISSED! CONTACT US TODAY TO BOOK YOUR VIEWING!"
Looking to upsize this is the property for you! Substantial three bedroom detached property set in generous plot with vast scope to extend subject to planning permission. Excellently present throughout and located in sought after location.
"AN IMMACULATELY PRESENTED, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM, DETACHED PROPERTY WHICH HAS BEEN RENOVATED TO THE HIGHEST OF STANDARDS! GROUND FLOOR - Entering the property into the entrance hall with stunning flooring that is followed throughout the ground floor and there is also access to the dow..."
"A stunning five double bedroom end terrace located in the heart of Clayton village. Early viewing is highly suggested to fully appreciate all this stunning family home has to offer. Comprising of large open entrance hallway, W.C, two large reception rooms, kitchen, three large cellars, three doub..."
"An impressive four-bedroom detached property situated within the sought-after location on Dunbar Croft, Queensbury. The property benefits from a converted garage and rear landscaped garden. The property comprises of an entrance hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility, downstairs W.C and co..."
A property that definitely needs to be viewed to fully appreciate everything that it has to offer and the far reaching views. This detached family home with 6 bedrooms has been extended to create great living space and having many features including a hot tub room.
"MODERN DETACHED FAMILY HOME | FOUR BEROOMS | TWO RECEPTION ROOMS | STUNNING KITCHEN | STYLISH BATHROOM & EN-SUITE | PRIVATE REAR GARDEN | GARAGE & PARKING. Beautiful modern four bed detached family home set on a quiet cul-de-sac with excellent transport links to both Bradford and Leeds, close to ..."
"Oozing warmth, charm and character 'Stockhill House' dates back to the 18th century and has been carefully restored and upgraded over recent years. With THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, a stunning garden with SOUTHERLEY ASPECT and CONVERTED BASEMENT currently used as a HOME OFFICE. Sure to appeal to a var..."
"EXTENDED MODERN DETACHED forming part of this understandably SOUGHT AFTER PART OF IDLE. This impressive example boasts a, living room , family room and a kitchen / diner extension in excess of 22ft in length! Currently providing THREE / FOUR bedroom accommodation with en-suite to the main bedroo..."
"** GRADE 2 LISTED ** STONE THROUGH TERRACE ** TWO BEDROOMS ** WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT ** PERFECT HOME FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS/ BUY TO LET INVESTOR ** POPULAR LOCATION ** This lovely property is well presented throughout benefiting from a modern kitchen, bathroom & newly laid patio garden..."
"Righthaus are pleased to offer this EXTENDED 5 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED property in the VERY POPULAR WIBSEY CUL-DE-SAC. The property on offer benefits from 5 BEDROOMS, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS & MODERN BREAKFAST KITCHEN. Further Benefitting from ALARM, GAS CENTRAL HEATING and DOUBLE GLAZING throughout an..."
"Built by Herbert Anderton Foster in approximately 1890, Harrowins Lodge is the only original structure of Harrowins Estate that is still standing offering heaps of character including the turret which is a truly unique attribute to the property. This three-bedroom family home is situated in the p..."
"Sitting within this sought after part of Apperley Bridge is this much loved and spacious family home. With a good amount of natural light throughout, enclosed and landscaped gardens and easy access to picturesque canalside walks this fantastic property is not to be missed. We also feel there is p..."
** IMPRESSIVE DETACHED RESIDENCE WITH EXTRAS!! ** SUPERB FAMILY HOME WITH ADDITIONAL ANNEX ** Dating back to the 1900's this stone built property offering VERSITILE living accommodation and offers a huge range of uses within. Ideal for generational living/additional guest quarters or even potenti...
"This detached family home must be viewed to fully appreciate, set on a generous corner plot providing attractive gardens, ample off street parking and detached double garage. Internally the property comprises of lounge, dining kitchen, conservatory, guest w.c. utility room, four bedrooms & b..."
"A simply stunning four bedroomed family home boasting a convenient location and a very high quality of fixtures and fittings throughout. Having being expertly updated over recent years the property must be viewed to fully appreciate. Accommodation briefly consists of an entrance hall, la..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious 4 bedroom home, which is well presented throughout and benefits from 3 reception rooms, 3 bathrooms, as well as a large garden and detached garage. This home offers the perfect environment in which to relax and entertain with an open kitchen di..."
"A superb development of luxury detached family homes. Situated within the picturesque village of Idle and conveniently placed for main routes to Leeds and Bradford Centres. Also situated within easy reach of the historic villages centres of Thackley and Idle and their many new bars, restaurants a..."
"With features including FRENCH DOORS to the kitchen / dining room, a SEPARATE LAUNDRY ROOM, a DOWNSTAIRS WC, a principal bedroom with EN-SUITE, an INTEGRAL GARAGE, a 10-YEAR NHBC WARRANTY included and the ability to PRE-RESERVE ONLINE, this 4 bedroom home on Kings Park development in Drighlingto..."
"* MODERN DETACHED * FOUR BEDROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * IMMACULATE * * TWO BATH/SHOWER ROOMS * CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION * LANDSCAPED GARDENS * * DRIVEWAY & GARAGE * VIEWING A MUST!!! * Undoubtedly one of the finest presented properties in the locality, is this stunning four bedroom..."
"Situated on a significant plot is this generous size three bedroom detached bungalow. Ample off street parking and a double garage. This property has the potential to be extended, subject to planning permission. Energy Rating: D ** GUIDE PRICE £340,000-£360,000 **"
"A magnificent 5 bedroom detached family home with exceptional large extension, sensational presentation & quality of fixtures & fittings, amazing living/kitchen/diner, stylish bathroom, ground floor cloaks, garage, parking & garden, underfloor heating, close to amenities, internal viewing essenti..."
"A delightful 3-bed detached home in Bradford. Set over 2 floors, this home has a spacious lounge with large windows, good sized kitchen, a double bedroom, and a family bathroom on the ground floor. The 1st floor has the additional 2 double bedrooms and shower room.  Throughout the h..."
"Backing directly onto the Canal this glorious property which benefits from spacious and high quality accommodation throughout, boasts an enviable position. With a living kitchen with BI FOLD DOORS, this HIGH SPECIFICATION property enjoys a prominent position with this EXTREMELY SOUGHT af..."
"** A SMALL DEVELOPMENT OF JUST SIX NEW BUILD PROPERTIES ** Located in the desirable village of Clayton, Bradford and consisting of four x four-bedroom detached and a pair of five-bedroom semi-detached properties. CURRENTLY UNDER CONSTRUCTION. Register your interest with us now!"
"Early viewing is essential on this well presented STONE BUILT DETACHED, providing family sized 4 BEDROOMED accommodation. Forming part of this exclusive, sought after cul de sac development, within a short distance to Queensbury Village. with 4 Bedrooms & 3 Reception Rooms. To the outside, ga..."
"DEAL OVER £19,000. A stunning home with FRENCH DOORS to the SOUTH-WEST facing garden, 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS including the main with EN SUITE.
Your new home features an OPEN-PLAN dining kitchen with French doors to a fully turfed, SOUTH-WEST facing garden. Downstairs, you will also find a spacious lou..."
IMMACULATE DETACHED HOME | EX SHOW HOME | 4 BEDROOMS | STUNNING KITCHEN | 4 RECEPTION ROOMS | 3 MODERN BATHROOMS | QUIET CUL-DE-SAC | NO CHAIN | This is simply a stunning 4 bedroom detached family home with 4 reception rooms and 3 bathrooms in a quiet cul-de-sac with excellent transport links to ...
"Manning Stainton is delighted to bring to market this well presented four bedroom detached family home, situated on this popular development in Drighlington. Located within a short distance of local amenities, good schools and motorway links, this property is sure to suit a range of buyers! Call ..."
"An ideal family home set in a quiet cul-de-sac in Queensbury. The home benefits from full double glazing and central heating. An entrance hall gives access to the spacious lounge, cloakroom/WC, and beautifully fitted kitchen diner as well as a conservatory giving access to the rear enclos..."
"EXTENDED FAMILY HOME | FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS | FOUR BEDROOMS | TWO BATHROOMS | LARGE GARDEN ROOMS | DRIVE & GARAGE | DOWNSTAIRS CLOAK | UTILITY ROOM | GOOD LOCAL SCHOOLS | NO CHAIN. Beautifully presented Yorkshire stone and render family home, perfect & ready to move into, close to local amenitie..."
"** HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION ** CLOSE TO HAROLD PARK ** Viewing is strongly advised for well presented throughout PERIOD STYLE INNER TERRACED HOUSE offering excellent accommodation. No expense has been spared within this THREE BEDROOM family home. Briefly comprising: entrance hall, lounge with..."
"DEAL OVER £25,000. A modern home READY TO MOVE INTO with a layout perfectly suited to busy family life. Enjoy family meals in the OPEN-PLAN dining kitchen with FRENCH DOORS leading out to the garden. Tucked away there is a separate UTILITY SPACE and downstairs cloakroom. Upstairs there are 4 DOUB..."
"RARE OPPOPRTUNITY! BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED & SPACIOUS! THREE bed., townhouse boasting an END OF CUL DE SAC, elevated position with STUNNING VIEWS to the rear! Arguably sitting on the most desirable position on this Brompton Fold development, this one is not to be missed! IMPRESSIVE LANDSCAPED G..."
"William H Brown are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom detached home located in a popular residential location. Externally the property has gardens front and rear with off street driveway parking & garage. Gas central heating throughout. **OFFERS IN THE REGION OF £325,000**"
"Outline Planning Consent for 5 - 3 Storey Town houses centrally situated within the village centre, ideally located of ease of access to the M62 & M1, Leeds City Centre is less than 4 miles. The proposed houses are within walking distance of good local schools and local amenities."
" Spacious Five Bedroom Detached Tastefully Decorated Throughout Opposite Dixons Allerton Academy Planned Over Three Floors Lounge And Sitting Room Fitted Breakfast Kitchen Five Bedrooms (Master With En-Suite) House Bathroom And Shower Room Driveway, Garage And Gardens An im..."
"** LARGE NINE BEDROOM END TERRACE ** PREVIOUSLY A LICENSED HMO ** PRIME LOCATION - CLOSE TO BRADFORD COLLEGE AND UNIVERSITY ** This vast property, set across four floors would make a superb, large family home, or could be an ideal business opportunity for the investor. Massive potential here. "
"*** Detached property, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, two reception rooms and TWO ENSUITE BEDROOMS. Boasting fantastic VIEWS ample parking and SEPARATE ANNEX, this truly is a rare property on the market. ***"
"Impressive 4 Bedroomed Detached, providing family sized accommodation. Situated on this ever popular development, the house is very well presented throughout. Outside, ample parking to the front and at the back, lovely, larger than average garden, with oversized decking terrace. Ideal for family ..."
"** EXTENDED DETACHED HOUSE ** VAST SCOPE TO CREATE ADDITIONAL ACCOMMODATION ** Viewing is strongly advised for this SUPERB detached property which has spacious living accommodation throughout. Briefly comprising: Entrance Hallway, lounge, dining room with family seating area, kitchen and games ro..."
"FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED property offering IDEAL FAMILY SIZE ACCOMMODATION, stunning RURAL VIEWS to the rear, enclosed rear garden, DRIVEWAY PARKING for two cars, CONSERVATORY, ENSUITE and much more."
"** A SMALL DEVELOPMENT OF JUST SIX NEW BUILD PROPERTIES ** Located in the desirable village of Clayton, Bradford and consisting of four x four bedroom detached and a pair of five-bedroom semi-detached properties. CURRENTLY UNDER CONSTRUCTION. Register your interest with us now!"
"With high quality fixtures and fittings, a stunning dining kitchen which leads out to the rear garden, four good sized bedrooms and close proximity to highly regarded local schools and a train station this property is sure to make the perfect family home. This particular property also benefits fr..."
"Wonderfully presented 5 bedroom detached house located in Queensbury, Bradford Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hall Bright and airy living room with feature fire place Well-appointed and modern kitchen with base and wall units Second reception/dining roo..."
Delightfully situated within a prestigious residential location is a deceptively spacious four bedroom semi detached home with gardens and garage.
"Welcomed to the market in an impressive corner plot with generous gardens, this three bedroom detached house offers a generous layout and fantastic location. Enjoying the dining kitchen and good size bedrooms, as well as plenty of parking, call our Morley office to view!"
"Stunning, extended four bedroom executive detached property. This property is head and shoulders above anything else in the locality with no expense spared throughout. The stylish extremely planned property will make an amazing family home."
"DEPOSIT BOOST AVAILABLE. A stunning detached home with a SOUTH-WEST FACING GARDEN. Your new home features an OPEN-PLAN dining kitchen with FRENCH DOORS to the garden and a spacious lounge. Upstairs, you will find 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS including the main with EN SUITE. A modern family bathroom and ple..."
"DEAL OVER £15,000. A spacious home, perfect for young families, with STUNNING VIEWS and a SOUTH FACING GARDEN.
This DETACHED HOME features a contemporary open-plan dining kitchen with FRENCH DOORS leading to the SOUTH FACING GARDEN. There is also a spacious lounge, perfect for the family to relax..."
"DEAL OVER £15,000. A stunning family home with a SOUTH FACING GARDEN. This 4 bedroom home includes a spacious open plan kitchen with FRENCH DOORS to the SOUTH FACING GARDEN. A bright and airy lounge, cloakroom and extra storage space complete the ground floor. Upstairs you'll find an EN SUITE ma..."
WELL PRESENTED 4 BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY SET IN THIS SMALL ENCLAVE CUL-DE-SAC OF JUST THREE SIMILAR STYLE PROPERTIES * BUILT CIRCA 1975 * 2 RECEPTION ROOMS * FITTED KITCHEN IN MODERN OAK * DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKS WC * UPSTAIRS ARE 4 BEDROOMS * FAMILY BATHROOM * MODERN PROFILE UPVC DG WINDOWS AND COMP...
"With open views to fields to the rear, a cul de sac position, and high quality fixtures throughout this luxurious modern townhouse situated within this sought after development is not to be missed. With a master suite, Juliet style balcony and enclosed rear garden the property is sure to make the..."
"5 BEDROOM DETACHED | Immaculate Fully refurbished Home | 2 RECEPTION ROOMS | 2 MODERN BATHROOMS | STUNNING KITCHEN | New Heating System | SUPERB OUTDOOR RELAXATION AREAS | Quiet Cul-De-Sac | Good location with schools, shops, pubs and main bus routes nearby into both Leeds, Bradford and Shipley. ..."
"** SUPERBLY PRESENTED ** 4 BEDROOMS ** DETACHED ** 2 RECEPTION ROOMS ** 2 BATHROOMS ** INTEGRAL GARAGE ** SOUGHT AFTER AREA ** CLOSE TO GOOD SCHOOLS ** WHITE GOODS AND BEDROOMS FURNISHING CAN BE INCLUDED IF NEEDED ** This is an immaculate, 4 bedroom detached family home, in a much sought..."
"Offered for sale is this spacious family home, a modern end town house with entrance hall, utility room, guest w.c., lounge, dining kitchen, four bedrooms, en-suite, family bathroom, integral garage and gardens. An internal viewing is advised to fully appreciate the size and presentation."
** SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED ** CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION ** 22' GARAGE ** This deceptively spacious family home is situated in a quiet position at Clayton Heights with transport links just a few minutes walk away and easy access to local amenities. Well presented throughout. Book your viewing now.
"We are proud to present this Three Bedroom Terraced House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £310,000 - £325,000*"
"Unique individual 4 Bedroom natural stone built detached house, with detached garage, with great views and well maintained gardens. The house is located in the well regarded area of Thornton which is well known locally as the birthplace of the famous author Emily Brontë. The house was ..."
"*** MUSE SEE*** REDUCED *** Righthaus are proud to offer ****VERY WELL PRESENTED ****4 BEDROOM****2 RECEPTION ROOM****DETACHED**** property situated in the popular residential location of WESTWOOD PARK. The property benefits from 4 BEDROOMS, ENSUITE SHOWER ROOM, INTEGRAL GARAGE, DOUBLE GLAZING AN..."
"***Perfect family home**** Built in the 1890s this four bedroom, semi-detached house offers an elevated position with beautiful far reaching views. Sitting room, kitchen/diner, Family bathroom. Ensuite to principal bedroom. Paved area to the front of the property. Off street parking for three cars."
"Strike is pleased to present this outstanding, well presented four bedroom terraced home situated in the sought after area of Bradford BD2.  With excellent transport links to ring road, motorway networks and  main rail station. The location is also near to local amenities..."
"DEAL WORTH £15,000. A stunning DETACHED home set in a CUL-DE-SAC location, perfect for growing families.
Downstairs, you will benefit from a modern open-plan layout with a dining kitchen, lounge and FRENCH DOORS to the extended garden. You will also find a handy UTILITY ROOM and storage throughou..."
"A magnificent TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW in a most sought after residential location with stunning and far reaching views. Set on a corner plot, the property has been improved and maintained to an impeccable standard by the current owners."
EXTENDED INDIVIDUAL 3 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME * 2 RECEPTION ROOMS * 2 BATHROOM FACILITIES * INTEGRAL GARAGE AND GATED DRIVEWAY PARKING * GARDENS * CLOSE TO THE LOCAL SCHOOL SHOPS & SUPERMARKETS *
"** IMMACULATE PROPERTY ** 5 BEDROOMS ** 3 BATHROOMS ** 2 RECEPTION ROOMS ** STUNNING KITCHEN/DINER ** BEAUTIFUL VIEWS ** GUEST WC ** CLOSE TO GOOD SCHOOLS & LOCAL AMENITIES ** This property is sure to appeal to discerning buyers who are looking for an immaculate property, providing ample..."
SANTA MONICA COURT – BRAND NEW EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT OF FOUR STONE BUILT MEWS HOUSES – FOUR GOOD BEDROOMS – THREE BATHROOMS – 1250 SQ FT – GARAGE – LUXURY FITTINGS – VISITOR PARKING – ELEVATED POSITION – STUNNING VIEWS OVER THE VALLEY IDLE - Originally a village until it became part of t...
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom detached bungalow ideally placed for good local Schools, excellent transport links, and within walking distance of Enterprise 5 Retail Park. The property briefly comprises a large entrance hallway, a good sized lounge, three dou..."
** ENVIABLE PLOT ** Attractive traditional TWIN BAY SEMI DETACHED property SET OVER FOUR FLOORS and situated conveniently close to amenities and the M62 Motorway Network. PERFECT FAMILY HOME available with NO CHAIN!!
"UNIQUE THREE BEDROOM DETACHED family home offering TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, TWO BATHROOMS, AN INTEGRAL GARAGE AND GATED DRIVEWAY. Set across two floors benefiting from a bedroom and shower room to the ground floor."
A superb opportunity to purchase a well established three bedroom detached home delightfully situated in a convenient location close to the Bradford Royal Infirmary and many local amenities.
* MODERN DETACHED * FOUR BEDROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * CUL-DE-SAC * * INTEGRAL GARAGE * LANDSCAPED GARDENS * TWO BATH/SHOWER ROOMS * A fantastic opportunity for the growing family to purchase this modern four bedroom detached house. Occupying a popular residential location wh...
Delightfully situated within a sought after residential location is a well presented five bedroom stone built period home offering attractive living accommodation planned over four floors with garden and parking.
"** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN ** FIVE BEDROOMS ** THREE RECEPTION ROOMS ** LOTS OF SCOPE ** Viewing is strongly advised for this MODERN DETACHED situated within a cul de sac location within this highly sought after area of BD6. Briefly comprising: Entrance hallway, cloakroom, lounge, dining area and C..."
"***OPEN VIEWING SATURDAY 25TH MARCH, PLEASE CONTACT THE OFFICE FOR YOUR VIEWING SLOT*** NO CHAIN – SUBSTANTIAL SEMI-DETACHED – SIX BEDROOMS – TWO RECEPTION ROOMS – TWO SHOWER ROOMS – GROUND FLOOR WC - LARGE GARAGE and BASEMENT which provides an additiona..."
"A substantial and well-presented four-bedroom detached property. Benefiting from original character with modern, fixtures and fittings throughout. Situated in a prominent position, located off Halifax Rd. In brief, the property comprises of an open plan kitchen diner, lounge, sitting room, utilit..."
"****GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £330,000**** ENVIABLE HEAD OF CUL-DE-SAC PLOT! In close proximity of Bolton Villas Cricket Club - understandably sought after location, close to the ''All Alone'' area of Idle! Generously sized SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW, potentially FOUR BEDROOMS he..."
"*** LOOK AT THE SIZE OF HIS PLOT*** Righthaus are pleased to offer this FOUR BEDROOM STONE BUILT, DOUBLE FRONTED end terraced property with LARGE SIDE GARDEN WITH HUGE POTENTIAL for either EXTENSION or NEW BUILD PROPERTY*. This home benefits from TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, BREAKFAST KITCHEN, FAR REACHI..."
"DEAL OVER £18,000. READY TO MOVE INTO, DOUBLE-FRONTED detached home with FRENCH DOORS to EXTENDED garden, EN SUITE main bedroom and PARKING for 2 cars. 
A stunning double-fronted detached home ideal for growing families. Your new home features an OPEN-PLAN dining kitchen, spacious lounge and stor..."
"£15,000 saving - was £314,995, now £299,995. £500 per month towards your mortgage for 1 year - that's a total of £6,000. Flooring package. Integrated appliances. .Plot 272: The Hardwick is our stunning 4 bedroom 3 storey detached family home, available to reserve online with fantastic extras."
"£15,000 saving - was £314,995, now £299,995. £1,000 per month towards your mortgage for 1 year - that's a total of £12,000. Flooring package . Integrated appliances. .Plot 248: The Hardwick is our stunning 4 bedroom 3 storey detached family home, available to reserve online with fantastic ex..."
* DETACHED HOUSE * FIVE BEDROOMS * DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS * SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION * * GARDENS * DRIVE * DOUBLE GARAGE * CLOSE TO AMENITIES * Deceptively spacious five bedroom detached family sized property. Ideally located on the much sought after Hunters Park development which is idea...
"Situated in the popular village of Drighlington. This Victorian style through terrace is ideal for a family or first time buyer! With four spacious double bedrooms, large kitchen/diner and front living room. This property would make a lovley forever family home."
"Purplebricks are delighted to welcome to the market this stunning 3-bedroom semi-detached family home, situated in the ever-popular West Yorkshire town of Shipley. Located close to many local amenities, as well as transport links, this property provides the perfect place for those on the regular..."
SUPERBLY PRESENTED 4 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED ON THREE LEVELS IN THIS MUCH SOUGHT AFTER SMALL CUL-DE-SAC * THE PROPERTY HAS HAD A NEW BATHROOM SUITE INSTALLED * NEW MULTI-FUEL STOVE * NEW GAS CENTRAL HEATING SYSTEM AND BOILER * RECENT BUILDING REGULATION CONTROL APPROVED LOFT CONVERSION TO A FURTHE...
"** MODERN DETACHED ** FOUR BEDROOMS ** FAMILY LIVING KITCHEN ** WELL PRESENTED ** GARDENS ** This well presented four bedroom property is located on this much sought after residential development, is ideal for growing families, couples and first-time buyers, Having vast space through..."
Virtual Tour Online!! ** ENVIABLE PLOT POSITION ** NOT TO BE CONFUSED WITH SURROUNDING PROPERTIES ** EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED WITH ADDITIONAL ANNEXE ** AMPLE PARKING AND DOUBLE GARAGE ** FOUR BEDROOMS ** NO CHAIN**
"***Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market*** This spacious three bedroom family home, which must be viewed to appreciate the size and quality of this accommodation on offer. This exquisite double fronted property has a reception room that opens into the conservatory, which is looki..."
"DEAL OVER £8,000. A stunning OPEN-PLAN home with FRENCH DOORS, EN SUITE main bedroom, INTEGRRAL GARAGE and PARKING for 2 cars. Ideal for growing families, the Denby features a modern OPEN-PLAN layout with a dining kitchen, spacious lounge and FRENCH DOORS to the garden. The ground floor also ben..."
"Significantly extended five bedroom end terrace townhouse in popular location, ideally situated for local amenities, schools and excellent access to the motorway. Property currently offers superb accommodation across three floors and has vast scope to further extend."
"** SUPERB FAMILY HOME ** WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT ** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION ** PLENTY OF SCOPE ** Viewing is an absolute MUST for this spacious SEMI DETACHED property offering spacious accommodation throughout and briefly comprising: Entrance hallway, guest cloakroom, lounge, 26ft dining kitchen,..."
"*** Significantly extended, OFFERING FLEXIBLE LIVING, this semi detached property can only be appreciated from an internal viewing. FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS with TWO BATHROOMS and TWO RECEPTION ROOMS ***"
"Your search for that Elusive, Executive Home could be over. This imposing 4 Bedroom Semi Detached Dormer Bungalow offers newly updated and extended, Spacious Luxurious Family Living boasting an enviable Open Plan Living, Dining, Family Kitchen with BI-Folding doors into the Garden. Come and take ..."
"Four / five bed terrace close to Shipley town centre, supermarkets and transport links."
"A perfect opportunity to purchase this spacious 4-bedroom detached home. Benefiting from a spacious and flexible living space, gardens, and a veranda, as well as a private gated driveway, this is an ideal family home for any growing family. The home is tucked away on a private plot of land wit..."
"Attractive Three Bedroom Detached family home located close to Apperley Bridge Train Station and the Leeds/Liverpool canal, ideal for canal side walks. This home benefits from; gas central heating, conservatory and gardens to the front and rear! Viewing is essential to appreciate what this family"
Two bed Bungalow with passed planning permission
"A beautifully presented three / four bedroom detached home offering attractive living accommodation enjoying gardens and garage, delightfully situated on a prestigious residential development."
"Beautifully presented and spacious three-bedroom family home providing a characterful cottage feel throughout. Situated in a secluded hamlet close to local amenities in Shipley town centre, transport links to Leeds, Bradford and beyond and with spectacular views across the Valley towards Baildon...."
"Set on a generous corner plot is this three-bedroom semi-detached family home. Benefitting from double glazing, and central heating and briefly comprises of kitchen, lounge, dining room, three bedrooms, bathroom, drive, spacious garage and enclosed gardens to the front, side and rear. On the pop..."
Delightfully situated in a prestigious residential location is a well presented three bedroom detached family home offering excellent living accommodation planned over two floors enjoying a superb aspect with attractive gardens and driveway.
"Hunters are delighted to offer for sale this FIVE BEDROOM TOWN HOUSE which is located in the popular suburb of Drighlington on the border of Leeds & Bradford and close to an excellent range of local amenities. Featuring well proportioned and flexible living accommodation set over three floors, th..."
"Virtual Tour Online!! EXTENDED DETACHED house situated on a CORNER PLOT at the head of a pleasant CUL-DE-SAQ. Offering FOUR BEDROOMS, TWO RECEPTIONS, TWO BATHROOMS and A LARGE DRIVEWAY leading to a DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE."
"Ready to move into! Plus, we'll pay 5% deposit contribution* The Kilkenny is a beautiful three bedroom home perfect for modern living. A bright living room featuring a stunning exposed staircase leads through to an open-plan kitchen-diner, where French doors open onto..."
** LOVELY TUCKED AWAY POSITION ** CLAYTON VILLAGE LOCATION ** FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME ** Viewing is strongly advised for this spacious MODERN DETACHED HOUSE situated in a cul de sac location central to clayton Village. Tastefully decorated throughout and briefly comprising: Entrance vestibule leadi...
"Righthaus are proud to offer this 3 BEDROOM DETACHED CHALET BUNGALOW in this ever popular WIBSEY LOCATION. The property is WELL PRESENTED and benefits TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, FOUR BEDROOMS, HOUSE BATHROOM, W.C. , FULLY ENCLOSED GARDENS, driveway and detached garage."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this extended detached family home. The property is very well presented and briefly comprises of entrance vestibule, lounge, rear extension to create a spacious dining kitchen, three bedrooms, family bathroom, drive, garage, front and enclosed rear garden."
"* MODERN SEMI * FOUR BEDROOMS * THREE BATH/SHOWER ROOMS * MODERN KITCHEN * * CONSERVATORY * CLOSE TO AMENITIES * GARDEN * PARKING * Having been recently built by the reputable Bellway Homes, this well presented four bedroom semi detached property boasts a modern fitted kitchen, conserv..."
"** FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED ** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS PLUS CONSERVATORY ** POPULAR OAKHALL PARK DEVELOPMENT IN THORNTON ** WELL PRESENTED ** This good-sized family home benefits from modern décor, gas central heating, gardens, drive & garage, ground floor WC, en-suite and a modern solid fuel s..."
"* DETACHED * FOUR BEDROOMS * CLOSE TO AMENITIES * TWO BATH/SHOWER ROOMS * * FAMILY HOME * GARDENS * DRIVE * GARAGE * Offering fantastic family sized accommodation and situated within the much sought after development of Oak Hall Park, is this the four bedroom detached home. Bene..."
"*PLOT 2* NEW BUILD, SEMI DETACHED HOME, READY TO MOVE INTO with LOVELY ENCLOSED GARDEN. Small development of only 9 houses woth OFF STREET PARKING & landscaped gardens."
"DEAL OVER £14,000. A stunning home with FRENCH DOORS to SOUTH-WEST facing garden, EN SUITE main bedroom and PARKING for 2 cars. This stunning semi-detached home features an open-plan dining kitchen. Downstairs, you will also find a STUDY/single bedroom that could be used for home working. Upstai..."
"Well presented and spacious four double bedroom detached house in a sought after residential area. The property is well placed for many amenities, primary and secondary schools, commute to city centre and further afield via the motorway network M606/M62. The accommodation briefly; entran..."
BUILD YOUR DREAM HOME - 4 SERVICED PLOTS AVAILABLE!
"** True BUNGALOW with three DOUBLE bedrooms, HI SPEC fully fitted kitchen with integrated appliances. EXTENSIVE rear garden with DOUBLE driveway & garage, set in a sought-after residential location **"
"4 BEDROOMS + 2 EN SUITES + WC: Impressive Modern Detached designed over 3 floors. With 4 Bedrooms, 2 En Suites + House Bathroom. Situated in this highly popular location, the house is very well presented throughout and has to be viewed to fully appreciate. AMAZING FAMILY HOME. The acco..."
"A recently refurbished detached bungalow with 3 double bedrooms situated in this private cul-de-sac close to local amenities & commuting links. This spectacular property has high spec, show home presentation including new windows, kitchen, shower room and conservatory roof. This stunnin..."
LOOKING TO TAKE THAT NEXT STEP TO A BIGGER PROPERTY? ENQUIRE ONLINE TODAY!
"**THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME** **DETACHED PROPERTY** **OFF-STREET PARKING + GARAGE** HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to offer FOR SALE this well-presented THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME with off-street parking located in the popular residential area of Shelf, Halifax. With its open-plan li..."
This character style individually designed cottage is situated within an attractive development with a mix of new build homes and refurbished original buildings therefore providing an eclectic blend of new and old. The property is currently undergoing an extensive programme of refurbishment and r...
"Offered to the market is this spacious four bedroom, two reception room detached property in cul de sac location. This property benefits from garage with power and lighting , modern kitchen and good sized gardens to the front and rear."
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - HILL CROFT A FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN THORNTON FOUR BEDROOMS - BEDROOM 1 WITH ENSUITE SHOWER ROOM - TWO RECEPETION ROOMS - OPEN PLAN LOUNGE / DINING ROOM - GALLEY KITCHEN - MODERN STYLE BATHROOM - WELL MAINTAINED GARDENS - DRIVEWAY AND G...
"Offered to the market is this stunning 4/5 bedroom detached property in the ever sought after area of Wibsey. The property briefly comprises; four double bedrooms, dining kitchen, dining lounge, WC, utility room, gym/fifth bedroom and integral garage. Externally, the property has a driveway for o..."
* EXTENDED TOWN HOUSE * FIVE BEDROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * MODERNISED * * FAMILY ACCOMMODATION * CLOSE TO AMENITIES * GARDEN * DRIVE * GARAGE * Superbly presented extended five bedroom mid townhouse. Having been recently modernised and updated throughout by the present owners to of...
"A perfect opportunity to purchase this detached 3 bedroom home. Ideally located on a quiet residential street within easy reach of local amenities and transport links, this makes an ideal family home. With off-road parking and a garage, as well as a low-maintenance rear garden, the home has pl..."
"** WELL POSITIONED FAMILY DETACHED HOUSE ** LARGE GARDENS TO REAR WITH SCOPE ** PEDESTRIAN ACCESS TO WIBSEY VILLAGE ** Viewing is strongly advised for this lovely DETACHED PROPERTY offering spacious accommodation throughout. Briefly comprising: entrance hallway, cloakroom, 20ft lounge, dining roo..."
"EXTENDED: Impressive Semi Detached that has been significantly extended and enhanced to provide a superior home. Provides 2 Bedrooms, with superb open plan Kitchen, with vaulted ceiling. Situated in this sought after area and backing onto farmland with lovely views. MUST BE VIEWED TO APPRECIATE.<..."
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS HOLLINGWOOD DRIVE THREE-BEDROOM LINK DETACHED FAMILY HOME - CUL-DE-SAC POSITION - TWO RECEPTION ROOMS - UTILITY ROOM - GROUND FLOOR WC - BEDROOM 1 WITH FITTED WARDROBES - SEPARATE FIRST FLOOR WC - SHOWER ROOM WITH BIDET - GARDENS TO ALL THREE SIDES - GARAGE - DR...
"A delightful three double-bedroom, modern detached family home, offered to the market in excellent decorative order. The property benefits from a gated, private drive with off-road parking for two cars and has recently been fitted with a new boiler, windows and doors. The property is conveniently..."
"HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to offer to the market FOR SALE this LARGE THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME located in BD6, Bradford. With potential to extend (STPC), a large garden to the rear and parking for multiple cars, we expect this property to be popular with a range of prospective buyers. T..."
* EXTENDED DETACHED * FOUR BEDROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * TWO BATHROOMS * * MODERN FIXTURES/FITTINGS * SUMMERHOUSE * LANDSCAPED GARDENS * DRIVE * GARAGE * This unique four bedroom extended detached house offers fantastic family sized accommodation. This 'ready to move into' pr...
"** PART EXCHANGED CONSIDERED (SUBJECT TO CERTAIN CRITERIA) ** PRICED TO SELL ** SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED ** CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION ** WELL PRESENTED ** MODERN KITCHEN & GRANITE WORK SURFACES ** ENSUITE & GROUND FLOOR WC ** GARDENS, GARAGE & DRIVEWAY ** Situated in a cul de sac lo..."
"Brought to the market in a popular residential area is this deceptively spacious and extended six bedroom semi-detached family home. The property is ideal for a number of buyers, especially growing and/or large families with multiple reception rooms, flexible living accommodation."
"Beautifully presented newbuild, three bedroom, semi-detached house arranged over three floors. Sitting room, kitchen/diner, WC and Family bathroom. Ensuite to principal bedroom. Rear garden with paved seating area. Off street parking for two cars. Excellent decorative condition."
RARE TO MARKET IS THIS 2 DOUBLE BEDROOM STONE DETACHED BUNGALOW * QUIET CUL-DE-SAC POSITION * CLOSE TO ALL THE LOCAL SHOPS SUPERMARKETS AND RAILWAY STATION * GCH AND WOOD DG * NEEDS WORK THROUGHOUT * FRONT & REAR GARDENS * DRIVE FOR 3 CARS PLUS ATTACHED GARAGE * POTENTIAL TO CREATE YOUR OWN IDENT...
* * BUNGALOW * * FOUR BEDROOMS * * SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION * * TWO BATH/SHOWER ROOMS * * * * VERY WELL PRESENTED * * CUL-DE-SAC POSTION * * GARDENS & PARKING * * Occupying an enviable corner plot position on the ever popular Santa Monica development is this delightful four bedroom semi de...
"Deceptively spacious modern semi detached situated in the popular village of Sandy Lane, Allerton. Benefiting from gas central heating (boiler installed 2021) and UPVC double glazing. Briefly comprises; entrance vestibule, lounge, downstairs w.c, open plan kitchen with utility and sitting area..."
"DAN PEARCE SELLS HOMES PROUDLY OFFERS FOR SALE THIS STUNNING 4 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME! BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT, WITH SPACIOUS ROOMS, A HUGE GARDEN AND EVEN THE POTENTIAL TO EXTEND. THIS PROPERTY IS ON A PRIVATE ESTATE AND IS ONE NOT TO BE MISSED!"
***PURPLEBRICKS*** Are delighted to market this wonderful 3 bedroom property in a lovely quite cul-de-sac in this very sought after area. The front of the property has a very large drive for 2 large cars with space for the v3 wheelie bins discreetly to one side. T The full size garage on the s...
"Barkers are pleased to offer For Sale this FOUR bedroomed detached property, situated on a corner plot. Briefly comprises: Entrance hall, lounge, dining room, breakfast kitchen, cloaks/W.C., four bedrooms, e-suite shower room and a family bathroom. Gardens, driveway and an integral garage. Incen..."
"An EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED, situated on a CORNER PLOT and offering FOUR BEDROOMS, TWO RECEPTIONS, BATHROOM AND CLOAKROOM, and an INTEGRAL GARAGE."
"‘PART EXCHANGE CONSIDERED OR £10,000 TOWARDS MODERNISATION’ DETACHED PROPERTY, situated on this ever popular development. Available with immediate possession, benefits include GCH, uPVC DG, & Integral Garage. A detailed internal viewing is essential to fully appreciate..."
SUPERB EXTENDED BAY SEMI-DETACHED * 3 RECEPTION ROOMS INCLUDING OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINING ROOM * GCH AND CONDENSING BOILER * UPVC DG WINDOWS PLUS COMPOSITE DOORS * MASTER BEDROOM HAS FITTED FERN ROBES * MODERN BATHROOM SUITE IN WHITE * LARGE REAR SOUTH FACING GARDEN WITH THE ADVANTAGE OF A DOUBLE...
"A stunning three-bedroom stone built detached property located in the popular area of Queensbury. This property has been refurbished throughout to a high-quality standard by the current owners and would make a fantastic family home. Don’t delay, reloc8 today!"
" An opportunity to aquire this three bedroom detached bungalow located within a popular residential area.Comprise entrance porch, entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen, dining room, three bedrooms, bathroom, conservatory, garage & established gardens to front & rear.Also benefits from block paved dr..."
"Flooring package included. Integrated appliances. £1,000 towards your legal fees. .Plot 283: The Staveley is our stunning 3 bedroom semi-detached family home available to reserve online today with fantastic extras."
"£800 per month towards your mortgage for 1 year - that's a total of £9,600. Flooring package. Integrated appliances . .Plot 271: The Staveley is our stunning 3 bedroom semi-detached family home available to reserve online today with fantastic extras. "
* CONTACT SUGDENS TO BE THE FIRST TO VIEW * * MODERN SEMI DETACHED * THREE BEDROOMS * POPULAR LOCATION * * MODERN KITCHEN & BATHROOM * CANAL WALKS & TRAIN STATION CLOSE BY * Built approximately five years ago by Miller Homes is this delightful three bedroom modern semi detached ...
Strike is pleased to present this property in Bradford.
** EXTENDED FIVE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED ** TWO KITCHENS ** THREE RECEPTION ROOMS ** CONSERVATORY ** UTILITY ** RURAL VIEWS ** JULIET BALCONY ** This impressive family home offers a great deal of space and is perfect for multi-generational living. Well presented throughout and open views at the rear!
"**A fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious 3 bedroom detached home, which benefits from a private, immaculate rear garden, large driveway, and garage space** The home is ideally situated in a quiet, tucked away residential development within easy reach of local amenities and transport l..."
Offered to the market this spacious three bedroom detached property. Offered with ready to move into accommodation and located in a small private cul de sac with good sized private rear garden. Property is a must view to appreciate accommodation on offer.
"** GUIDE PRICE £180,000 TO £190,000 ** LOVELY MODERN SEMI DETACHED ** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION ** Situated within this modern development in this increasingly sought after area of Shelf HX3 is this fantastic family home. With accommodation set over three floors allowing THREE GOOD SIZE ..."
Stunning three DOUBLE bedroomed property which forms part of a barn conversion. Boasts character features and deceptively spacious accommodation and briefly comprises: Impressive 45ft open planning living room with a modern kitchen. A spiral staircase leads up the first floor which has there doub...
"Sure to appeal to a FIRST TIME BUYER or YOUNG FAMILY this attractive home is situated within this extremely sought after part of Apperley Bridge is offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN. With close proximity to several highly regarded LOCAL SCHOOLS, a TRAIN STATION, a wide range of amenities..."
"A magnificently presented THREE BEDROOM DETACHED home situated in this highly desired location close to local amenities with exceptional access to the motorway network. Having 2 generous receptions, there is off-street parking via two garages and driveway, amazing landscaped garden & flexible li..."
"Immaculately presented four bedroom detached property set back in a quiet cul de sac close to local schools, amenities and transport links. This property has been extended to create a separate living space and will make the perfect family home. Viewing is highly recommended to appreciate all thi..."
VERY TASTEFULLY PRESENTED 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED IN THIS MUCH SOUGHT AFTER SMALL CUL-DE-SAC * THE PROPERTY HAS HAD A NEW BATHROOM SUITE INSTALLED * NEW WOOD BURNER STOVE * NEWLY CREATED BOARDED LOFT WITH DROP DOWN LADDER * OFFERS 2 GOOD SIZE RECEPTION ROOMS * MODERN FITTED KITCHEN * UPSTAIRS ARE...
"Righthaus are proud to offer this 3 BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW in this ever popular WOODLANDS LOCATION. The property has been maintained to a VERY HIGH STANDARD and benefits TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, HOUSE BATHROOM, FULLY ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN, driveway and detached garage."
"DO NOT MISS THE SIZE OF THIS PROPERTY!!!! Spacious 4 BEDROOMED VICTORIAN END TERRACE, providing substantial family sized accommodation over 4 FLOORS. Approximately 1496 square foot Offering 4 good sized bedrooms with 2 ensuite's and a family bathroom. The property offers great potenti..."
"This is the Home Ewe must VIEW, to really appreciate it offers so much more than can be seen from its eye catching exterior. Tucked away on a child friendly cul-de-sac, is this Modern, 3 Bedroom Detached Home. Come take a look at our 2D and 3D colour floor plans photographs & Video tour."
** FABULOUS PLOT POSITION ** EXTENDED TO THE REAR WILL AMBLE OPPORTUNITY TO CREATE MORE (subject to permissions). Viewing is strongly advised for this lovely FOUR BEDROOM family home (one being ground floor with disabled adaptations). Having undergone many improvements over recent years the prope...
"£800 per month towards your mortgage for 1 year - that's a total of £9,600. Flooring package. Integrated appliances . .Plot 273 is our stunning 3 bedroom semi-detached family home available to reserve online with fantastic extras."
Flooring package. Integratd appliances. £500 towards your legal fees. .Plot 274 is our stunning 3 bedroom semi-detached family home available to reserve online with fantastic extras.
* MODERN DETACHED * FOUR BEDROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * CUL-DE-SAC * * TWO BATH/SHOWER ROOMS * VIEWS TO FRONT * GARDENS & GARAGE * NO CHAIN * A fantastic opportunity for the growing family to purchase this good sized four bedroomed modern detached. Occupying a popular cul-de-s...
"** STUNNING REFURBISHMENT ** EXCELLENT QUALITY AND FINISH ** STEP INSIDE this beautiful EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED of which no expense has been spared through this refurbishment programme. Briefly comprising: entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen, dining room, utility, ground floor shower room and additi..."
"* MODERN SEMI DETACHED * FIVE BEDROOMS * THREE STOREY * THREE BATH/SHOWER ROOMS * * HEART OF IDLE VILLAGE * REAR VIEWS * GARDENS & GARAGE * OVER 1600 sq ft INC GARAGE * Offering fantastic family sized accommodation in the popular cul-de-sac location, is this modern three storey semi d..."
"8 Bedroom terrace property in a fantastic location, perfect for investors or large families."
"£600 per month towards your mortgage for 1 year - that's a total of £7,200. Integrated appliances. Flooring included throughout. .Plot 240: The Windsor is our popular family detached home, available to reserve online."
Integrated appliances. Flooring throughout . £500 towards legal fees. .The Bamburgh - Plot 237A 3 bedroom family home cleverly designed over 3 floors. Stunning master bedroom and ensuite accessed via a flexible study/lobby area. Spacious lounge with french doors to rear garden and contemporary ki...
"Offered to the market CHAIN FREE, this semi detached property really does want for nothing with BEAUTIFUL PRESENTATION throughout and STUNNING VIEWS, we think it may be difficult to find better."
FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED family home located in the much sought after village of Shelf. Early viewing is highly suggested to fully appreciate all this home has to offer. The property has recently been modernised and improved and a dorma bedroom with an en-suite added. Comprising of entrance hal...
"Robert Watts Land & New Homes offer for sale, a residential development site, measuring approximately 0.41 acres and benefitting from planning permission for the development of 8 Semi Detached Houses. "
"Period Style THROUGH TERRACED of which will appeal to all INVESTORS!! FANTASTIC YIELD! The property, is currently split into 4 LARGER than expected FLATS, each flat having a dedicated floor. Briefly comprising: Communal entrance hallway, Ground Floor Flat provides dining kitchen, reception room, ..."
"SUBSTANTIAL INNER TOWNHOUSE providing family sized living over 3 floor. Provides 4 Bedrooms, En Suite, Showeroom + House Bathroom. Well presented throughout & forming part of this ever popular small cul de sac development, with walking distance to Birkenshaw Village. Within the catchment area..."
"Barratt homes built Moresby style three bedroom, semi-detached being less than 18 months old. This well presented example will appeal to a variety of buyers including first time buyers and young families as there are multiple primary schools within a 1 miles radius. Forming part of this ever popu..."
** DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** WELL PRESENTED ** THREE BEDROOMS ** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS ** TWO BATHROOMS ** MODERN KITCHEN & BATHROOM ** PARKING FOR TWO CARS ** POPULAR LOCATION ** This well maintained family home offers an abundance of both space & style as well as being situated in a popu...
"LOOKING FOR CHARACTER, STYLE AND SPACE? ENQUIRE ONLINE TODAY!"
"An exciting opportunity, not to be missed! Such a great location too, minutes away from excellent amenities, SCHOOLS, the Leeds Liverpool canal for those weekend walks & bike rides & with good bus/road links. READY TO MOVE STRAIGHT INTO with GARDENS, DRIVEWAY PARKING & a DETACHED GARA..."
"** DOUBLE FRONTED DETACHED HOUSE, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, GAS CENTRAL HEATING, DOUBLE GLAZING, DRIVE & GOOD SIZED GARAGE, FRONT GARDEN, LOW MAINTENANCE REAR GARDEN, CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION, EPC RATING D **"
* DETACHED HOUSE * THREE BEDROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * CUL-DE-SAC * * CONSERVATORY * NO ONWARD CHAIN * GARDENS & GARAGE * A fantastic opportunity for the growing family to purchase this delightful three bedroom detached house. Occupying a desirable cul-de-sac location close t...
"Occupying this pleasant corner plot at the head of this popular cul-de-sac, is this stunning extended three bedroom semi detached residence with potential for further extension (Subject to the relevant consents) Having been well maintained and updated by the current owners the property will appe..."
"** STUNNING VIEWS TO THE REAR ** CHARACTERFUL THROUGHOUT ** RARELY SEEN ON THE OPEN MARKET ** A fantastic opportunity has arisen to purchase this lovely family home! Available with no chain, this quirky FOUR BEDROOM character property with original beams, spacious rooms and stunning views to the ..."
"* MODERN DETACHED * THREE BEDROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * MODERN KITCHEN * * CUL-DE-SAC * TWO MODERN BATH/SHOWER ROOMS * LANDSCAPED GARDEN, PARKING, GARAGE * Occupying a much sought after cul-de-sac location and offering family sized accommodation, is this very well presented three bed..."
"NO CHAIN - Unique to the market is this immaculate three bedroomed semi detached home with a detached garage which is has been party converted into an annexe with bedroom/lounge and separate kitchen with bi-folding doors leads to the garden. The main property comprises: Lounge, dining kitchen, co..."
"DEAL OVER £7,000. A stunning home with FRENCH DOORS to the garden, EN SUITE main bedroom and PARKING for 2 cars. The heart of your new home is the OPEN-PLAN dining kitchen with FRENCH DOORS to the garden. A SPACIOUS lounge and handy DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM complete the ground floor. On the first fl..."
"A deceptively large three-bedroom detached property situated off Cooper Lane, Shelf. Benefiting from traditional character throughout with exposed beams and feature fireplaces. The property offers multiple reception rooms and comes with detailed planning permission to be extended."
Delightfully situated within a private residential location is a good sized two bedroom true bungalow offering attractive living accommodation standing in good sized well maintained gardens with rural views.
Three bed terrace with GUEST WC and ENSUITE as well as LARGE GARDEN!
"THREE BEDROOM DETACHED property with an array of features suited to FAMILY LIVING. Boasting TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, ground floor WC, off street PARKING, double tandem GARAGE plus front and rear GARDENS."
HOT SPOT PART OF IDLE * 3 BEDROOM BAY SEMI-DETACHED WITH AN EXPIRED FULL SIDE EXTENSION PLANNING CONSENT * ATTRACTIVE TREE LINED GROVE * 2 RECEPTIONS * DRIVE FOR 2 CARS PLUS A CONCRETE GARAGE BASE IS IN PLACE * OVER LOOKS THE PARK TO THE REAR * GCH * UPVC DG * FRONT & REAR GARDENS WITH BRAND NEW ...
"VIRTUAL TOUR ONLINE!! Guide Price - £250,000 - £260,000 - SOLD TENANTED Spacious four storey, SEVEN bedroom mid terraced property with generous room dimensions. Currently let as a HMO. Offered with NO CHAIN and early viewing is advised."
Well presented three bedroom detached family home situated in a highly desirable location with off road parking and detached garage.
"A beautiful two double bedroom semi-detached property located on a quiet residential cul-de-sac in Clayton Heights. This property benefits from a large corner plot and also far-reaching views. Don’t delay, reloc8 today!"
Virtual Tour Online!! ** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN ** SIMPLY MUST BE VIEWED ** Having undergone EXTENSIVE WORKS THROUGHOUT to include LARGE KITCHEN EXTENSION is this well appointed PERIOD STYLE END TERRACE HOUSE.
A unique opportunity to secure this three-bedroom detached home. The property offers great potential and is situated in a prominent position off Tennyson rd.
Lovingly restored and renovated two bedroom grade 2* listed character cottage in a semi-rural setting. Part of one of the oldest properties in the area this beautiful home will appeal to a wide range of purchasers.
"Righthaus are proud to offer ****VERY WELL PRESENTED ****4 BEDROOM**** 2 RECEPTION ROOMS ****SEMI DETACHED**** property situated in the popular residential location. The property benefits from 4 BEDROOMS, 2 ENSUITES, DOUBLE GLAZING, GAS CENTRAL HEATING."
"We are proud to offer this Three Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £250,000 - £270,000*"
"The fantastic end of terrace home offers an open plan living room/diner, a fitted kitchen, one sizeable bedroom and a three-piece bathroom. Externally, the home boasts a garden across the road. This property presents an excellent opportunity for any house hunter."
"An extended two bedroom semi detached true bungalow available with immediate vacant possession. The property is conveniently located for Drighlington town centre and local amenities. Benefitting from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating system, conservatory and detached garage."
"A very interesting plot of land in a prominent position, located in Thornton with frontage to Sapgate Lane and views across the city. Currently unmanaged and overgrown, the land has previously been passed for three townhouse properties, but this has since lapsed. Approx. 0.55 acres.
"
"* * * DETACHED * * * FOUR BEDROOMS * * * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * * * FAMILY SIZED ACCOMODATION * * * * * * WELL PRESENTED * * * GARDENS,GARAGE & PARKING * * * POPULAR LOCATION * * * Ideally located for amenities, shops and local schools is this stone built four bedroom detached property. ..."
"DEAL OVER £14,000. A light and airy dining kitchen is the heart of this stylish new home with its FRENCH DOORS out to the SOUTH-WEST FACING garden. A spacious lounge and handy CLOAKROOM complete the ground floor.
2 double bedrooms, including the main with its own EN SUITE, and a single bedroom ar..."
"Detached true BUNGALOW with NO FORWARD CHAIN, having THREE bedrooms and TWO reception rooms, situated in a CUL-DE-SAC location. There is a MODERN SHOWER ROOM and lounge with LOG BURNING STOVE. The property boasts off street PARKING ,detached garage and GARDENS TO THREE SIDES. Viewing is highly re..."
"Righthaus are proud to offer this DECEPTIVE, GRADE II LISTED, 19TH CENTUARY, FOUR BEDROOM COTTAGE, which is PACKED FULL OF CHARACTER. The property has been sympathetically kept and benefits from BEAUTIFUL PERIOD FEATURES. Based in CLAYTON VILLAGE, this home is expected to be HIGHLY POPULAR."
"* EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED * FOUR BEDROOMS * TWO BATH/SHOWER ROOMS * * POPULAR DELEVLOPMENT * GARDENS & PARKING * VIEWING RECOMMENDED * Occupying the ever popular Cote Farm development an offering family sized accommodation, is this extended modern semi detached house. Benefits fr..."
"Offered for sale is this very well presented semi detached house. An ideal family home which comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, dining room, three bedrooms, modern family bathroom, drive, detached garage and attractive gardens."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this three bedroom semi detached dormer bungalow. Situated on a corner plot with open views across Drighlington Moor, a convenient location close to amenities, public transport and the nearby motorway links."
"NO CHAIN! MODERN INDIVIDUALLY DESIGNED DETACHED HOME offering SIZABLE yet versatile accommodation over two floors. Comprising of FOUR BEDROOMS, THREE additional rooms ideal for office/playrooms, Dining Hall, well equipped Kitchen with modern fixtures and low maintenance garden areas to three side..."
This excellent 3 bedroom family home boasts a high quality specification and fantastic open plan living.
* EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED * FIVE BEDROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * * CONSERVATORY * CUL-DE-SAC * REAR VIEWS * PARKING * GARAGE * A fantastic opportunity for the growing family to purchase this five bedroom extended semi detached house. The property occupies a delightful cul-de-sac...
***3 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED***WALKING DISTANCE TO BBG SCHOOL***BIRKENSHAW*** Located in the popular location of Whitehall Rd East is the LOVELY FAMILY HOME which has been modernised by the current owners and requires an internal viewing to appreciate the size and standard of home on offer. The...
"For sale by Modern Method of Auction Starting bid £245,000, plus Reservation Fee. Auction dates Tuesday 21st February 2023. A three bedroom detached home located in a popular residential location. Driveway leading to a detached garage to the side. Energy Rating: D"
"A larger than average three-bedroom semi-detached home offering deceptively spacious accommodation throughout. The property benefits from a good-sized garden to the rear, off road parking for two cars and an integral garage. Immediate viewing is advised."
Hunters are pleased to present a RARE OPPORTUNITY to purchase this deceptively spacious FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED DORMER BUNGALOW in BD4 which is close to excellent transport links and local amenities including schools and shops. The property offers well-presented and ready to move into accommodation...
"A Good Sized EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW, Having Two Bathrooms And Three Bedrooms On the Ground Floor With The Fourth On The First Floor. Externally, There is a Garden and Drive To The Front And An Enclosed Lawned Garden To The Rear."
** SPACIOUS & WELL PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED ** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION ** DELIGHTFUL GARDENS & EXTREMELY WELL MAINTAINED ** Whitney's are delighted to offer for sale this superb three bedroom semi detached located in a desirable position in Clayton. Early viewing is advised.
A charming three-bedroom family home with well-proportioned living accommodation. The property has good size open plan living area and potential to add more space in the loft area.
"** FOUR BEDROOMS ** SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW ** DRIVEWAY AND GARAGE ** This deceptively spacious extended four bedroom + occasional room semi detached bungalow would make a superb purchase for a young/growing family. Benefits from two en suites, house bathroom, gas central heating, double..."
"Righthaus are proud to offer this THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW in this CUL-DE-SAC location. The property has THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, THREE BEDROOMS, SPACIOUS HOUSE BATHROOM, LARGER DRIVEWAY AND DOUBLE GARAGE."
***A SUPERBLY PRESENTED TWO BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME. Offering FANTASTIC living accommodation spread across the two floors. READY TO MOVE INTO WITH ***NO FORWARD CHAIN***
"This excellent three bedroom semi-detached home is ideal for a range of buyers and enjoys a generous corner plot with lawned garden to the rear as well as a private drive & garage. Enjoying a fantastic position on this quiet development, call our Morley office to view!"
"DEAL WORTH OVER £17,000. A stunning home with FRENCH DOORS to the garden, EN SUITE main bedroom and PARKING for 2 cars.
A light and airy dining kitchen is the heart of this stylish new home and a spacious lounge and handy cloakroom complete the ground floor. 2 DOUBLE bedrooms, including the main ..."
"Beautifully presented three bedroomed detached family home which has been finished to a high standard and MUST BE VIEWED! Briefly comprises: Kitchen, cloaks/W.C., lounge, conservatory, three bedrooms, en-suite shower room and family bathroom. Driveway, integral garden and a landscaped garden to t..."
"£600 per month towards your mortgage for 1 year - that's a total of £7,200. Flooring included throughout. .Plot 239: The Windsor is our popular family detached home, available to reserve online."
"Flooring package included. Integrated appliances. £500 towards your legal fees. .Plot 282: The Hexham is our popular 3 bedroom semi-detached family home, available with great incentives and ability to reserve online."
"£800 per month towards your mortgage for 1 year - that's a total of £9,600. Flooring package included . Integrated appliances . .Plot 281: The Hexham is our popular 3 bedroom semi-detached family home, available with great incentives and ability to reserve online."
"DEAL OVER £17,000. A stunning home with FRENCH DOORS to the WEST FACING garden, EN SUITE main bedroom and PARKING for 2 cars. 
Your new home features an open-plan kitchen with ample dining space and spacious lounge for all of the family to relax in. Upstairs the main bedroom has an EN SUITE showe..."
Integrated appliances. Flooring throughout . £500 towards legal fees. .Plot 235 - The Caddington at Vision 
Integrated appliances. Flooring throughout . £500 towards legal fees. .Plot 234 - The Caddington at Vision 
"** LARGER STYLE SEMI DETACHED ** COMMANDING POSITION ** Viewing is strongly advised for this good size family home, well placed for many amenities and ideal for commute via the motorway network M606/M62. Briefly comprising: Entrance hallway, lounge, sitting room and kitchen to the ground floor, l..."
NO CHAIN ** IMPRESSIVE PERIOD STYLE PROPERTY ** STUNNING THROUGHOUT ** VAST SCOPE FOR CONVERSION/EXTENSION (subject to permissions) ** Step inside this delightful spacious family home situated within this convenient locality with amenities close by and on the doorstep of commuting via the M606/M6...
"Offered for sale with no onwards chain is this spacious semi detached dormer bungalow. An ideal family home comprising of dining kitchen, lounge, four bedrooms, modern bathroom, front and rear gardens, drive and garage. An internal viewing is advised to fully appreciate the property."
"* * FIVE BEDROOM * * SEMI DETACHED * * POPULAR LOCATION * * * * CUL-DE-SAC * * WELL PRESENTED * * Family sized five bedroom semi detached property!! The well presented home is ideally located for Queensbury Village which boasts amenities, shops and a choice of first and secondary school..."
"A well-presented extended 3-bed semi-detached home in Bradford. Set in a quiet cul-de-sac, the home is spacious and ideal for first-time buyers. couples and families alike.  Downstairs, there are 2 reception rooms and a good sized kitchen. There is also a concerted garage with addition..."
"Offered to the market is this exceptionally well presented three bedroom family home pleasantly situated with views over fields to the rear. Conveniently located within Sandy Lane and benefits multiple reception rooms, front and rear gardens, driveway and quality fittings. Viewings come reccomended"
"This wonderful terraced house presents a fantastic opportunity for property hunters and offers two large reception rooms, six bedrooms and three bathrooms. The home also boasts a sizeable front garden and parking is available in the surrounding area."
"Guide Price - £240,000 - £250,000 EXECUTIVE DETACHED THREE BEDROOMED FAMILY HOME OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN. TWO RECEPTION ROOMS WITH GARDENS, DRIVEWAY & GARAGE EARLY VIEWING IS ESSENTIAL on this stunning contemporary style detached family home."
"** SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED ** COMMANDING POSITION WITH OPEN VIEWS ** SUPERB LARGE REAR GARDEN **NO UPWARD CHAIN** This spacious family home sits at the top of High Street in Thornton with panoramic open views to the front and a large, well kept rear garden. Off-road parking, character..."
"DEAL OVER £14,000. A stunning home with FRENCH DOORS, EN SUITE main bedroom and DRIVEWAY for 2 cars.
The Ellerton is a spacious 3 bedroom semi-detached home ideal for growing families. This home features an OPEN-PLAN kitchen with a dining area and FRENCH DOORS leading onto the rear garden. Downst..."
"Righthaus are proud to offer this select END TOWN HOUSE PROPERTY set in this select CUL DE SAC location in WYKE. The properties have been finished to HIGH STANDARD and offer SPACIOUS FAMILY LIVING. Benefitting from ***4 BEDROOMS*** DINING KITCHEN & LOUNGE *** SHOWER ROOMS, 4 PIECE BATHROOM & W/C***"
"£500 per month towards your mortgage for 12 months - thats a total of £6,000. .Plot 238 - The Kendal at VisionThis plot is currently priced at £000,000 and is available with our Help to Buy scheme."
"Righthaus are proud to offer this. **** EXTENDED ****VERY WELL PRESENTED ****3 BEDROOM**** terraced property situated in the popular location. The property benefits from 3 BEDROOMS, 2 RECEPTION ROOMS, ENSUITE SHOWER ROOM, DOUBLE GLAZING & GAS CENTRAL HEATING."
"Well presented detached property on a superb spacious plot. Comprising of entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, three bedrooms and bathroom. Externally there is driveway providing off road parking for several vehicles, carport, detached garage and fantastic gardens providing a good degree ..."
"NO CHAIN – FOUR BEDROOMS – THREE BATH / SHOWER ROOMS – INTEGRAL GARAGE – 16FT LIVING ROOM – Here we have one of the former SHOW HOME’s for the development, built by Barratt homes around 15 years ago. Within walking distance of Idle Village and the myriad of am..."
5/6 BEDROOM THREE STOREY EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED * THIS IS A LARGE SEMI OFFERING 2 RECEPTION ROOMS * 2 BATHROOM FACILITIES * DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKS * EXTENSIVE FITTED KITCHEN * FIRST FLOOR * 4 BEDROOMS THE MASTER HAVING AN EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOM * FAMILY BATHROOM PLUS A SEPARATE SHOWER CUBICLE * SECOND F...
"Offered for sale is this extended semi detached family home. Comprising of entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom, w.c, drive, front garden and enclosed rear garden. In a convenient location close to amenities, public transport and the nearby motorway links."
"***A fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious 3 bedroom detached home, which benefits from a private, large rear garden, driveway, and garage space** The home is ideally situated in a quiet, tucked away residential development within easy reach of schools, local amenities and transport li..."
"DEAL WORTH OVER £14,000. A spacious home designed with modern family living in mind, with plenty of adaptable living space.
Downstairs, you will find a spacious lounge and ample storage throughout. The OPEN-PLAN kitchen is perfect for family meal times together whilst enjoying natural light from ..."
TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM GRADE II LISTED STONE END COTTAGE IN THIS HOT SPOT PART OF THACKLEY * RETAINING MANY ORIGINAL CHARACTER FEATURES WITH BEAMS AND AN EXPOSED STONE WALL * FEATURE FIREPLACE WITH LOG EFFECT GAS FIRE TO THE LOUNGE * KITCHEN DINING ROOM WITH BUTCHER WOOD WORK TOPS * RECENTLY INSTALL...
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this dormer bungalow in a sought after location. Briefly comprising of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, brand new boiler, dining room, conservatory, ground floor bedroom, shower room, 2 further bedrooms to the first floor, attractive gardens, drive and garage."
"The home of great value! The Kildare is a beautiful three bedroom home that features a spacious living room leading into a contemporary kitchen-diner, with French doors leading out to the garden. Upstairs you'll find a master bedroom complete with a luxurious en-suite bathroom and two..."
"The home of great value! The Brandon is a stunning three bedroom home perfectly designed for modern living. Benefitting from a beautiful kitchen-diner with French doors out to your own garden, a separate living room and downstairs WC this home has everything you need and more. Upstair..."
"Choose your offer worth up to £3000* The four bedroom Longford boasts a large living room leading from a separate entrance hall, taking you to a stunning contemporary kitchen-dining area with French doors opening onto the rear garden. There is also a useful utility ro..."
"Choose your offer worth up to £3000* The three bedroom Liffey benefits from a bright living room that leads into an open-plan kitchen-diner, with French doors opening onto the garden creating a seamless indoor-outdoor space. Upstairs a master bedroom complete with an ..."
"** PERIOD DETACHED PROPERTY ** SPACIOUS THROUGHOUT** Dating back to 1855 is this double fronted detached character property with remarkable features throughout. Briefly comprising: Entrance hall, lounge, dining kitchen, dining room PLUS ground floor bedroom with wash facilities. Two DOUBLE BEDROO..."
"Looking for a project? Fancy finishing a property to get exactly the fittings that you want? Do you have the cash available to create your ideal home? This larger than expected four bedroomed home has good sized rooms throughout, a double garage and large gardens, and is a little piece of history..."
"Available in this ever popular location, well appointed Semi Detached, providing 3 Bedroomed accommodation. Ideally located close to Birkenshaw Village and within catchment area for both BBG Academy & Birkenshaw Primary School. Early viewing essential. The accommodation comprises: ..."
"SEMI-DETACHED property set in a popular residential location, boasting FOUR BEDROOMS, master En-suite, lounge, kitchen diner, UTILITY ROOM, separate bathroom and INTEGRAL GARAGE. Well presented throughout with OFF STREET PARKING to the font for three cars, two tier PATIO GARDEN to the rear. VIEWI..."
"A brilliant opportunity to purchase this deceptively spacious FOUR BEDROOM END TOWN HOUSE situated on a popular residential development in Thornbury and close to an excellent range of local amenities and transport links. Showcasing well presented and stylish accommodation over three floors, the p..."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS. A unique opportunity has arisen to purchase this investment property aprox £24,600 gross rental income per annum. Situated in a perfect location close to Shipley town centre, Lister Park and local train stations. ** OFFERS OVER £230,000 **. Energy Rating: E"
"Guide Price: £230,000 - £240,000 Offered to the market is this WELL PRESENTED EXTENDED THREE/FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED. family residence. Boasting TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, a generous plot with AMPLE PARKING, GARDENS AND A GARAGE."
"An extended three bedroom detached property situated in Allerton, the popular residential area of Bradford, the 2025 city of culture. The property benefits from a large front garden and driveway providing off street parking and a large rear garden and kitchen extension."
"A beautifully presented, three bedroom semi-detached property, situated in the heart of Thornton Village. The property offers spacious living accommodation, with modern interior throughout, and generous room sizes. Open plan living in the kitchen, with a unique garden room having opportunity to b..."
"A stunning semi-detached property, recently converted from a 3 bedroom to a 2 bedroom, with an extended kitchen and ample living accommodation. Beautiful views across Thornton viaduct and south facing garden. This property would be perfect for a growing family, with close proximity to local ameni..."
"Five bedroom dormer bungalow in highly popular cul de sac, located just off Moore Avenue. Property is ideal accommodation for a growing family. Property benefits from a sizeable paved driveway, detached garage and has scope to further develope, subject to planning permissions."
"** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN ** LOVELY OUTLOOK ** Sat on an enviable plot position is this MODERN DETACHED property situated within this well sought after area of BD6 just off Beacon Road. Briefly comprising: Dining Kitchen, lounge, dining area and cloakroom. The first floor offers FOUR BEDROOMS (one..."
"Offered to the open market with NO UPWARD CHAIN is this MODERN two bedroom duplex apartment. Situated in the PRETIGIOUS LOCATION of Norwood Green and well presented throughout. Briefly, the property comprises: living room, kitchen/diner to include integral appliances, downstairs WC. two double be..."
"THREE BEDROOM DETACHED property located within an ESTABLISHED and EVER POPULAR RESIDENTIAL AREA OF CLAYTON. Situated on this pleasant CUL-DE-SAC having shops, amenities, Quora Retail Park and schools nearby."
** FORMER FARM HOUSE ** QUEENSBURY VILLAGE LOCATION ** Viewing is strongly advised for this lovely stone built property offering spacious accommodation throughout coupled with a wealth of charm. Briefly comprising: entrance porch leading through to hall with wider stairs to the first floor. Loung...
Purplebricks are pleased to bring to market this exquisite character property that has charm and boasts spaciousness throughout. This lovely home has been well maintained over the years by the current owners and is now offered for sale with no chain involved. Situated in a courtyard setting with...
"*** IDEAL FAMILY HOME *** A beautiful four-bedroom, extended, semi-detached property. Benefitting from a large driveway and enclosed rear garden. positioned conveniently to all local amenities, excellent motorway networks to Bradford, Leeds, and surrounding towns and within easy walking..."
"EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED | IDEAL FAMILY HOME | THREE BEDROOMS | PRIVATE REAR GARDEN | DRIVE & DETACHED GARAGE | FITTED WARDROBES | BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED | situated in this highly desired cul-de-sac location close to local amenities, transport link roads and schools. PVCu front entrance por..."
"Offered to the market is this spacious, extended semi detached property benefiting from four double bedrooms, two bathrooms and garage. This property is situated in a cul de sac within the popular residential area of Wibsey Village. Close to local amenities, schools and transport links."
* NO CHAIN * EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED * FOUR BEDROOMS * CLOSE TO AMENITIES * * GARDENS TO THREE SIDES * DRIVE & GARAGE * SOLD AS SEEN * Situated in the desirable location of Birkenshaw is this extended four bedroom semi detached property. The spacious home would make an excellent pu...
"Ideally situated on a corner plot of a quiet cul-de-sac is this three double bedroom family semi-detached home. The property boasts beautiful views from the rear across the valley beyond, a substantial plot."
"NO CHAIN ** HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION ** FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME ** Viewing is strongly advised for this SUPERB DETACHED PROPERTY sat on an enviable plot within this increasingly popular area of Low Moor, ideal for commute via the Motorway Network J26 chainbar/M62 or the Low Moor train station, ..."
"Righthaus are pleased to offer this FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED property on a CORNER PLOT in the POPULAR WIBSEY location. The property boasts TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, UTILITY ROOM & ENSUITE SHOWER ROOM. As well as gas central heating and double glazing throughout the property. Further benefitting from..."
"Ready to move into! Plus, we'll pay 5% deposit contribution* The Brandon is a stunning three bedroom home perfectly designed for modern living. Benefitting from a beautiful kitchen-diner with French doors out to your own garden, a separate living room and downstairs W..."
Situated within this extremely sought after estate with close proximity to canal side and woodland walks is this attractive a hugely appealing first time buyer home. Boasting lovely views and landscaped gardens this exceptional property which benefits from the remainder of the builders guarantee ...
* MODERN SEMI DETACHED * THREE STOREY * FOUR BEDROOMS * QUIET CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION * * MODERN ACCOMMODATION * CLOSE TO SCHOOLS/SHOPS * GOOD SIZED GARDEN * GARAGE * * EN-SUITE FACILITIES * OPEN VIEWS * SHORT DRIVE TO APPERLEY BRIDGE TRAIN STATION & CANAL WALKS * Situated at the to...
"WDH are delighted to bring to the market a stunning collection of 3 & 4 bedroom semi­-detached and detached homes, all available with Shared Ownership. Purchase your dream home on the Herons Reach development built by Keepmoat. Buy a share as low as 40% and pay an affordable rent on the rest."
"A recently reconfigured and extensively refurbished three-bedroom semi-detached dormer bungalow conveniently located for access to local schools, amenities and the motorway network. The home has benefitted from a full overhaul and is now offered to the market in 'turn key' conditi..."
"4 BEDROOMS: Well presented ""Mews Style"" Town House, which provides 4 BEDROOMED accommodation. Situated in this understandably sought after village of East Bierley, within walking distance to the Primary School, Cricket Club and Golf Club. Not to be missed. The accommodation..."
** FOUR BEDROOMS ** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS ** SEPEARATE ANNEXXE ** OFF STREET PARKING ** This deceptively spacious property offers a unique opportunity for those wanting a separate granny annexe/teenager's flat. The four bedroom end cottage boasts ample character features throughout and wou...
"Virtual Tour Online!! A Spacious Property Offering Four / Five Bedrooms, Two Receptions And Two Bathrooms. Also A Small Frontage Garden And A Yard To The Rear. EPC Rating D "
" We are delighted to offer to the open market a spacious 2 bedroom mid-terrace in the sought after area of Norwood Green, having the benefit of open countryside views yet within easy reach to transport links to surrounding towns. Offering ideal accommodation for a couple or small family alike w..."
"A viewing is a must to fully appreciate the size and character of this property which is offered for sale with no onward chain. Having 3 double bedrooms, two lounges, dining room, kitchen, utility room, family bathroom, cellar, enclosed gardens and off street parking."
"**THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY** **POTENTIAL TO EXTEND SUBJECT TO PLANNING** HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to offer FOR SALE this THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED CHALET BUNGALOW located on a quiet cul-de-sac in the popular residential area of Queensbury, Bradford. With its off-street pa..."
"Location is absolutely key, Shelf is a charming village location with the added bonus its easy to commute onwards, This wonderful, contemporary styled, family, 3 Bed Duplex Apartment is sat in a semi rural area, just a stones throw away from vast open countryside. With off street parking and a l..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £225,000 - £230,000 FOUR BEDROOMS, THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, Impressive, substantial Semi-Detached Property boasting Period Features. Ideal for large extended families. Virtual Tour Online!!"
"*** THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME IN DESIRABLE LOCATION, MODERN INTERIORS THROUGHOUT, CONTEMPORARY BATHROOM, BEAUTIFUL GARDEN AND DRIVEWAY WITH GARAGE *** EPC Rating C Council Tax Band B"
"WELL PRESENTED three bedroom detached house situated on this ever popular cul-de-sac, within minutes from ""Chain Bar"" roundabout (J26/M62) and the Low Moor Railway Station making it ideal for commuters. Offering a modern specification finish throughout with a FAMILY SIZED footprint th..."
"A SPACIOUS home in Shelf, available CHAIN FREE, ideal for INVESTORS or GROWING FAMILIES. Call to enquire! Bettermove are pleased to welcome to the market this charming three bedroom detached house in Shelf, available with no forward chain.The property benefits from off road ..."
"** NOT WHAT IT SEEMS ** STEP INSIDE THIS ABSOLUTELY STUNNING CONVERSION WHICH HAS BEEN DRESSED TO IMPRESSED! The Cornmill is a spacious stone built property briefly comprising: Entrance porch, lounge, dining kitchen, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS and four piece house bathroom. Externally there are open ..."
"**FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME** **SET OVER FOUR FLOORS** **NO ONWARD SALE CHAIN** HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to offer to the market FOR SALE this FOUR BEDROOM END TERRACE FAMILY HOME located on a quiet road in the popular residential area of Thackley. With its four bedrooms, accommodation s..."
"This THREE BEDROOM semi detached BUNGALOW could be of particular interest to a variety of purchasers and is offered to the market with NO FORWARD CHAIN. Well presented throughout offering kitchen, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, three bedrooms, CONSERVATORY and a rear porch. Having a pleasant outlook and si..."
This attractive 3 bedroom semi-detached home is nestled in a modern development in a sought-after area. It is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive and beautifully pr...
"A well presented, rarely available four bedroom detached bungalow with a large garage and private enclosed garden at the rear. Centrally located it provides easy access to Bradford and Leeds. Both Forster Square and Apperley Bridge railway stations are in close proximity. Direct access through..."
Delightfully situated within a popular and convenient residential location is a well established modernised four bedroom semi detached home with extended kitchen/diner with driveway and garage to the side.
"** Three- Bedroom/Semi-Detached** No Onward Chain ** Coubrough Holmes offers to the market this three-bedroom, semi-detached, ideal family home. Situated in the sought-after residential area of Wyke, close to local amenities, schools, shops, bus routes and M62 Motorway links. The property bri..."
* SEMI DORMER BUNGALOW * FOUR BEDROOMS * MODERN KITCHEN * * CLOSE TO AMENITIES * GARDEN * DRIVE * GARAGE * Occupying this much sought after location of Queensbury is this four bedroom semi-detached dormer bungalow. The spacious family sized home would make a superb purchase for ...
"A mature and well presented TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW in a popular residential location. The property sits on a very large plot providing off road parking and the potential to extend, and is available with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"A superbly presented three bedroom detached bungalow situated in this sought after area . situated on a cul de sac close to local amenities & commuting links. There are 3 bedrooms, modern dining kitchen, stlylish main bathroom and En-suite WC to the main bedroom. This property also has a..."
A 3 bed semi detached property situated in this hugely popular location close to schools & local amenities. The property has exceptional outside space with parking for numerous cars to the front & long garden to the rear giving fantastic extension/development potential. Having an open pl...
"Ideal 3-bed terraced family home in Bradford.  Offering a spacious home for couples and families alike.  Set over 2 floors, the ground floor has a kitchen/diner with plenty of wall and base units for storage as well as an integrated oven and hob. The lounge has wooden floorin..."
"***3 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED***IDEAL FAMILY HOME***SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION***WYKE*** Positioned in a popular residential area of Wyke with excellent transport links to the M62 and neighbouring towns and cities. The property comprises of, entrance hall, lounge, dining room kitchen and 3 x bedroom..."
"Righthaus are pleased to offer this END TERRACED property to the market in the WIBSEY location with a SUBSTANTIAL CORNER PLOT and planning consent for upward extension and potential for a further wrap around extension. The property boasts THREE BEDROOMS, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, LARGE FRONT & SIDE GA..."
"Perfect for the GROWING FAMILY BUYER is this deceptively spacious THREE BEDROOM Victorian semi detached house. Located in this popular area on Wyke Lane giving easy access to the local village amenities, schools and the M62. The house is offered with no chain and whilst it requires some cosmetic..."
"** THORNTON MILLS DEVELOPMENT ** SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM MID TOWN HOUSE ** SET ACROSS THREE FLOORS ** SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION ** CHARACTER FEATURES ** This superb new development in Thornton offers a range of stunning 2, 3, 4 and 5 bedroom properties that benefit from high ceilings & character featu..."
"Looking for a beautiful family home, then look no further. We have this well presented three bedroom extended detached home at the head of cul-de-sac in sought after Wibsey location. Property benefits from detached garage and single storey extension providing additional reception room."
"** THREE BEDROOM DETACHED ** POPULAR VILLAGE LOCATION ** GAS CH & UPVC DG ** WELL MAINTAINED ** Whitney's are please to offer for sale this detached property in Clayton, close to village amenities and offering gardens front & rear, off-road parking, garage, alarm system and a 26' lounge-d..."
"* * EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED * * FOUR BEDROOMS * * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * * CONSERVATORY * * * * WELL PRESENTED * * GARDENS, PARKING & GARAGE * * This extended four bedroom semi detached property would make an excellent purchase for a FTB/Young/Growing Family. Situated on the outskirt..."
"Save up to £6,000 on this home!* The Kildare is a beautiful three bedroom home that features a spacious living room leading into a contemporary kitchen-diner, with French doors leading out to the garden. Upstairs you'll find a master bedroom complete with a luxurious ..."
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND A We are delighted to offer to the market this newly refurbished 2-bedroom end of terrace Yorkshire-stone house on Horsman Street in Bradford with no chain. The property presents a well-adapted layout, offering spacious and comfortable a..."
"Offered with no CHAIN and with ample Living space for all the family, this modern 4 Bedroom Town House set over three floors offers so much more than can be seen from its modest exterior. Could this be the HOME for Ewe? Come and take a look at our 2D and 3D colour floor plans and photographs."
"Offered for sale is this three bedroom semi detached family home comprising of entrance vestibule, lounge, dining kitchen, conservatory, three bedrooms, shower room, front and rear gardens, driveway and garage. In a convenient location close to amenities and the nearby motorway links."
STUNNING PRISTINE EXAMPLE OF THIS 2 BEDROOM END TERRACE SET IN THIS SMALL CUL-DE-SAC POSITION * THE PROPERTY HAS BEEN LOVINGLY ENHANCED WITH A NEW KITCHEN AND INTEGRATED ITEMS * RECENTLY CREATED SUPERB SHOWER ROOM * UPVC DG WINDOWS WITH PLANTATION BLINDS THROUGHOUT * INTERNAL OAK DOORS * EXTERNAL...
Strike is pleased to present this property in Bradford. ***Deceptively Spacious Two Bedroom Home***Ideally situated on a quiet cul-de-sac is this two double bedroom semi-detached home with the potential to be upgraded to a four double bedroom home. The prop...
"Ready to move into! Plus, we'll pay 5% deposit contribution* The Tyrone is a contemporary three bedroom house style that is ideal for family life and perfect for entertaining. The open-plan kitchen-diner features a large L-shaped worktop, while French doors open from ..."
* * COTTAGE * * TWO BEDROOMS * * TWO BATHROOMS * * RARE TO MARKET * * * * FARMLAND VIEWS * * VIEWING RECOMMENDED * * Set in a delightful rural position is this splendid characterful two double bedroom cottage. Situated in this stunning location of Cragg Lane which is tucked away and boa...
"Stunning SEMI DETACHED property is in excellent condition and located in a HIGHLY DESIRABLE residential position. With a MODERN and CONTEMPORARY feel, this property has a tastefully appointed kitchen & bathroom. Conveniently located for local schools, bus routes and local amenities. Offering IDEA..."
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND C We are delighted to offer to the market this pleasant 3-bedroom semi-detached house on Park Hill Drive in Bradford. The property offers a well-adapted layout, offering spacious and comfortable accommodation making it an ideal family ho..."
"ATTN PROPERTY DEVELOPERS - THOSE LOOKING FOR A NEW BUILD PROJECT **AN EXCITING DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY to purchase a piece of land in this highly regarded, peaceful setting in the heart of Thackley. This land has previously passed OUTLINE PLANNING PERMISSION which was granted for an EXECUTIVE 4/5..."
"RECENTLY FULLY RENOVATED & IMMACULATELY PRESENTED, TWO bed., STONE terrace, READY TO MOVE STRAIGHT INTO & sited in this QUIET CUL DE SAC position, yet still convenient for amenities, SCHOOLS, lovely canalside walks & bike rides & with great COMMUTER LINKS. Offering a buffer style ..."
Strike is pleased to present this 6 bedroom home in Bradford BD8. This attractive 6-bedroom home is not one to miss out on. This is a very desired location with easy access to plenty of local shops and amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excell...
"Hunters Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this well presented family home. The property benefits good size open plan dining kitchen, enclosed garden and long distance views. Internally the accommodation briefly comprises entrance vestibule, lounge, dining kitchen, conservatory, f..."
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS MEADOWLANDS A SUPERBLY PRESENTED THREE-BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME - TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS AND ONE SINGLE BEDROOM / OFFICE ROOM - MODERN DINING KITCHEN - GROUND FLOOR WC - MODERN THREE-PIECE BATHROOM - REAR GARDEN WITH LAWN AND DECKING AREA - DRIVEWAY FOR TW...
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, THREE bed., semi detached family home on SUPERB ELEVATED PLOT with fantastic VALLEY VIEWS to the front & GOOD SIZE LANDSCAPED GARDEN to the rear! Close to amenities, SCHOOLS, great COMMUTER LINKS & with some delightful weekend walks & bike rides on your doorstep..."
"Purplebricks are thrilled to welcome to the market this stunningly spacious 3-bedroom family home, located on a highly sought after residential development in Queensbury, West Yorkshire! The property, with living accommodation set across two floors, benefits from light, open and fresh decoration..."
"This newly renovated 3-bedroom mid-terrace home in Clayton, Bradford is a must-see for those looking for modern living in a convenient location. With a new bathroom, kitchen, and landscaped garden, this property is move-in ready and perfect for families or first-time buyers."
"Offered to the market this ready to move into three bedroom mid terrace property. This property is spacious throughout with loft room offering occasional bedroom four and office space. Price is £210,000."
Offered to the market is this well presented two bedroom semi-detached family home pleasantly situated towards the head of a cul-de-sac within this popular residential location close to many amenities including schools and transport links. Benefitting off street parking and generous gardens.
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - NORTHSIDE ROAD A THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME LOCATED ON A NEW DEVELOPMENT IN BD7 FIRST TIME BUYERS / FAMILIES - THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED - PART OF A NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT - BEDROOM 1 & 2 WITH FITTED WARDROBES - FRONT AND REAR GARDEN - D...
"*** NEW INSTRUCTION, MUST BE VIEWED *** TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK! - FREE MORTGAGE ADVICE AVAILABLE ON THIS PROPERTY. LOVELY 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY, NOT TO BE MISSED, IDEAL FOR YOUNG / GROWING FAMILIES, spacious accommodation, WELL PRESENTED, gas..."
"This is a great chance for any house hunter to acquire a highly affordable property with huge amounts of potential. While a good deal of renovation is required, there is also plenty of scope to increase the home’s value and add one’s own stamp. Located in the city of Bradford, the semi-detached ..."
"Righthaus are please to offer this ** THREE BEDROOM CHALET DORMER BUNGALOW ** to the market in a popular WIBSEY location. The property has been RECENTLY REFURBISHED THROUGHOUT and has POTENTIAL TO EXTEND subject to relevant planning/ building consent. Further benefitting Conservatory, driveway an..."
"A MODERN and SPACIOUS home in Allerton, ideal for INVESTORS or FIRST TIME BUYERS. Call to enquire! Bettermove are proud to present this charming three bedroom semi-detached bungalow in Allerton.The property benefits from gas central heating, double glazing throughout an..."
"Choose your offer worth up to £3000* The Tyrone is a contemporary three bedroom house style that is ideal for family life and perfect for entertaining. The open-plan kitchen-diner features a large L-shaped worktop, while French doors open from the bright living room o..."
"Integrated appliances. Flooring throughout. £500 towards legal fees. .The Halstead - Plot 231A stunning 2 bedroom home offering a spacious lounge with french doors to the rear garden, contemporary kitchen/diner, two generous bedrooms, stylish house bathroom, convenient downstairs WC and parking.L..."
"WDH are delighted to bring to the market a stunning collection of 3 & 4 bedroom semi­-detached and detached homes, all available with Shared Ownership. Purchase your dream home on the Herons Reach development built by Keepmoat. Buy a share as low as 40% and pay an affordable rent on the rest. "
"Well presented LINK DETACHED, forming part of this ever popular small development, close to both Bradford and Leeds. Provides THREE BEDROOMED + EN SUITE accommodation. Further benefits include Central Heating, uPVC DG, INTEGRAL GARAGE & GARDENS. Not to be missed. The accommodation ..."
"A beautifully presented three bed semi-detached property, set in a quiet residential area in Bradford. The property has planning permission to extend into 6 bedrooms granted on 23 December 2020 and is close to local amenities. With easy access to the M62 with links to Leeds and Manchester this pr..."
"How long have you been waiting for the perfect bungalow in Queensbury to come along and tempt you? We believe that we may have just found it for you. Rarely do gems like this come onto the market. A delightful, 3 Bedroom Semi Detached Bungalow, with a large Garden. Don't miss this one."
Three bedroom double bay fronted semi detached property in sought after cul de sac off Wyke Lane. The property is priced to reflect some updating required. Property benefits from a double garage and is set in a good sized plot.
"A brilliant opportunity to purchase this deceptively spacious THREE BEDROOM END TERRACED house situated in BD3 and close to an excellent range of local amenities and transport links. Showcasing well presented and stylish accommodation over three floors, the property includes a stunning KITCHEN/DI..."
"A superb opportunity to purchase this EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED house located on a lovely CUL-DE-SAC in Thornbury with excellent commuting links to both Leeds & Bradford. Now requiring cosmetically updating throughout, the property boasts a wealth of accommodation to the ground floor a..."
"This is a very spacious 3 bedroomed semi detached in the heart of Queensbury. Close to all local transport links, schools and amenities.  It has a drive with space for 3 cars, a front and back garden with shed. Kitchen is fitted with modern white units and all integral appliances. ..."
MODERN TOWN HOUSE | THREE BEDROOMS | TWO BATHROOMS | MODERN KITCHEN | STYLISH BATHROOM & EN-SUITE | PARKING FOR TWO CARS | POPULAR LOCATION | QUIET CUL-DE-SAC. This beautiful home offers an abundance of both space & style as well as being situated in a popular residential location with excellent ...
"A unique two bedroomed dormer bungalow with sensational views across the countryside from the wonderful, south-facing gardens. The fabulous first floor would divide into two or three bedrooms to go with the one on the ground floor, and there's a large garage with an office/treatment room, too."
"We are proud to offer this Three Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £200,000 - £220,000*"
"A perfect opportunity to purchase this well-presented 3 bedroom home which is ideally located on a sought-after development, and within easy reach of local schools and amenities. The home benefits from a south-facing rear garden, as well as having a driveway for off-road parking.  Inte..."
"A beautifully appointed three bedroom townhouse, discreetly positioned within a modern development, close to the village centre and its amenities."
"Three bedroom SEMI-DETACHED property on a GENEROUS CORNER PLOT with gardens to THREE SIDES. Having off road parking, SINGLE GARAGE, two reception rooms, ground floor WC. * IDEAL FAMILY ACCOMMODATION *"
"* NO CHAIN * Lovely semi detached property with THREE BEDROOMS, modern bathroom, GARDENS & OFF STREET PARKING, located in the popular village of Thornton sure to appeal to a variety of buyers."
"Golf View is an exclusive development of only 10 semi detached properties which have been built upon the former church of the Nazarene. Offering in excess of 1,200 sqft of accommodation across 3 well proportioned levels, the property boasts a generous dining kitchen with living space, as well as ..."
"* * WOW * * WOW * * WOW * * Undoubtedly one of the finest presented cottages in the locality! This unique end terrace cottage must be viewed internally to fully appreciate the accommodation on offer. Built circa 1636, this Grade 2 Listed property retains a wealth of character and per..."
"Righthaus sales are pleased to present this **FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED ** property in a popular location that has been WELL MAINTAINED. The home on offer would be perfect for any FAMILY and benefits from **LOUNGE & DINING KITCHEN** 3 BEDROOMS ** DRIVEWAY, GARAGE & GARDENS ** Also benefits from ..."
** SEMI-DETACHED ** PLANNING APPROVED FOR SIDE & REAR EXTENSION ** CONSERVATORY ** 3 BEDROOMS ** MODERN KITCHEN & BATHROOM ** CLOSE TO GOOD SCHOOLS ** FAR REACHING VIEWS ** This is a well cared for and presented three bedroom semi-detached family home with great access to good local scho...
"DEAL OVER £12,000. A stunning home, ideal for first-time buyers with FRENCH DOORS TO THE GARDEN and ADAPTABLE LIVING SPACE.
On the ground floor of this semi-detached home you'll benefit from an open-plan layout featuring a modern kitchen, dining area and cosy lounge. The FRENCH DOORS to the garde..."
"*** CALL SUGDENS TO BE THE FIRST TO VIEW*** * THREE BEDROOMS* *SEMI-DETACHED* *POPULAR LOCATION* Sugdens are pleased to welcome to market this well presented three bedroom semi detached property. Offering family accommodation, the accommodation briefly comprises reception hall, loun..."
"Strike is pleased to present this 4 bedroom, newly renovated, through terraced home located in the sought after Bradford (BD9) area. The property is located near to popular amenities, has great transport links, reputable schools nearby and a short journey to the city centre.&nbs..."
* STONE SEMI DETACHED * THREE BEDROOMS * PANORAMIC VIEWS * OVER THREE FLOORS * * MULTI LEVEL GARDENS * MODERN KITCHEN & SHOWER ROOM * CLOSE TO TRAIN STATION * This three bedroom stone built semi detached house offers fantastic family sized accommodation over three floors. Benefi...
* MODERN TOWN HOUSE * FOUR BEDROOMS * THREE BATH/SHOWER ROOMS * POPULAR LOCATION * * OVER THREE FLOORS * READY TO MOVE INTO * GARDEN * PARKING * GARAGE * Located on the ever popular Westwood Park development is this family sized modern town house with accommodation over three floors in...
"** ENVIABLE CORNER PLOT POSITION ** VAST SCOPE ** Viewing is strongly advised for this lovely Grade II listed DETACHED single story cottage sat on a large corner enjoying ground to all 4 sides. Briefly comprising: Entrance vestibule, lounge, dining area and kitchen within the extension, TWO BEDRO..."
"FOR SALE BY MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION: Starting Bid Price £170,000 plus Reservation Fee. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN this three bedroomed semi-detached with uPVC double glazing and gas fired central heating. Situated with access to local amenities, M62 motorway network and local sc..."
"Traditional 3 bedroom semi detached in the popular village of Sandy Lane. Benefiting from gas central heating and UPVC double glazing. Briefly comprises; entrance hall, lounge and dining kitchen to the ground floor. Three bedrooms and bathroom to the first. Outside, there is a driveway leading..."
"** FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME ** VIEWING IS STRONGLY ADVISED ** Only upon internal inspection will this SPACIOUS SEMI DETACHED be fully appreciated. Tastefully decorated throughout and briefly comprising: Entrance hallway, 23ft through lounge dining area and kitchen to the ground floor. THREE GOOD SIZ..."
** SUPERB PLOT POSITION ** IDEAL FAMILY HOME ** Viewing is strongly advised for this popular style of Bay window SEMI DETACHED which benefits from a GARAGE CONVERSION with possibilies to create additional accommodation (subject to relevant permissions). Briefly comprising: Entrance porch leading ...
"* * STONE TERRACE * * TWO BEDROOMS * * THREE FLOORS * * SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION * * * * LOTS OF LOCAL AMENITIES * * GARDEN * * Superb starter home, buy-to-let or for anyone who's looking to downsize. This delightful two bedroom through terrace is situated on the Leeds/Bradford borde..."
"OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN! Viewing is strongly advised for this SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME. Boasting many traditional features within the accomomdation that is sat over 4 floors this INNER TERRACED briefly comprises: Entrance Hallway, lounge, sitting room, kitchen, FOUR BEDROOMS and family shower room. To ..."
"This charming 3 bedroomed family home is offered with NO CHAIN and situated on a quiet and peaceful cul-de-sac. Anyone wanting a property that they can put their own stamp on, that features ample parking, front and rear gardens in a well-connected position, will find this of special interest. "
* SEMI DETACHED * THREE BEDROOMS * CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION * NO CHAIN * * GARDENS * DRIVE * MODERN KITCHEN & SHOWER ROOM * CONSERVATORY * A fantastic opportunity for the growing family to purchase this three bedroom semi detached house. Occupying a popular residential location close...
"£1,000 towards your legal fees. Flooring package included . Integrated appliances. .Plot 285:The Halstead is our stylish semi-detached 2 bedroom home, available with amazing incentives and ability to reserve online."
"Well presented extended four bed end terraced house in a sought after location. The property is close to Saltaire and Shipley town centres, local shops, amenities, schools and transport links. The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance porch, kitchen/diner with modern fitted wall and base uni..."
"***IDEAL FIRST TIME BUYER*** A Delightful 2 bedroom semi detached property is privately tucked away in this lovely area of Birkenshaw, close to shops, public transport and schools. This lovely home has been decorated to a very high standard. A newly built modern gallery kitchen with the entra..."
* * GRADE II LISTED COTTAGE * * THREE BEDROOMS * * ORIGINAL FEATURES * * GARDENS & PARKING * * * MODERN KITCHEN/BATHROOM * SEMI RURAL LOCATION * ACCOMODATION OVER THREE FLOORS * * * INTERNAL VIEWING RECOMMENDED * * Very well presented throughout with many original period features i...
This Three bedroom end terraced property would make the perfect family home.
"Well presented FOUR BEDROOM grade II listed, school conversion with accommodation over three floors, in the heart of the Village, OFF ROAD PARKING & GARDEN to the front, EN-SUITE to master bedroom."
"An amazing opportunity to purchase this 3 bedroom home which is well presented throughout and offers a large garden space. The home is ideally located within easy reach of local schools and amenities, yet tucked away on a quiet residential cul-de-sac. The house features a driveway and an ar..."
** IMPOSING & CHARACTERFUL FIVE BEDROOM MID-TERRACE ** OPEN VIEWS TO THE FRONT ** WELL PRESENTED ** GARDENS FRONT & REAR ** Whitney's are delighted to offer to the market this large terrace property set across three levels in Thornton and being close to village amenities and the primary s...
"A perfect opportunity to purchase this spacious home, ideal for any growing family. The property is well presented throughout having been renovated by its current owner. The home is within easy reach of local amenities and transport links. With 3 reception rooms and a kitchen on the..."
"** LARGE & IMPOSING FIVE BEDROOM CHARACTER TERRACE ** SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION ACROSS THREE FLOORS, PLUS CELLARS ** SOME UPDATING REQUIRED ** This impressive and characterful family home has masses of space for a growing family and is located in Clayton, Bradford. Gas CH and UPVC DG. "
Choose your offer worth £3000!*  The stunning three bedroom Lisburn offers a bright living room plus a contemporary open-plan kitchen-diner with French doors leading to the garden. A handy cloakroom completes the downstairs space. Upstairs you'll find a beautiful mast...
"Extras included! Pus, receive a 5% deposit contribution* The stunning three bedroom Lisburn offers a bright living room plus a contemporary open-plan kitchen-diner with French doors leading to the garden. A handy cloakroom completes the downstairs space. Upstairs you'..."
"A SPACIOUS THREE bedroomed DUPLEX apartment with DOUBLE GLAZING and ELECTRIC HEATING. ENSUITE to the MASTER bedroom and FIRST FLOOR open plan LIVING ROOM, DINING ROOM and KITCHEN. ALLOCATED parking and ACCESSIBLE to LEEDS or BRADFORD.In CLOSE PROXIMITY to the TRAIN STATION. Energy Rating C."
"** ENERGY EFFICIENT PROPERTY **  A well presented, three bedroom detached property situated on this new residential development in Tyersal. Being well presented throughout and with well proportioned garden, detached garage and driveway this will make an ideal home for a professional ..."
"A deceptively spacious four-bedroom town house, which would be perfect for a growing family. Set in the heart of Thornton village, the property is close to local amenities and schools. Don't delay, Reloc8 today!"
"***IDEAL FAMILY HOME***Stunning 3 bedroom, semi detached family home HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for early viewing to really appreciate this lovey home. The lounge has a beautiful fireplace and dining area to the rear the Laminate flooring in the lounge carries throughout the whole ground floor. The kit..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to welcome to the market this wonderful, contemporary, 3-bedroom family home, located in the sought after town of Shipley, West Yorkshire. The property, situated just a short drive away from Leeds Road, benefits from breath-taking views of the West Yorkshire hills at t..."
"A magnificently presented 4 bedroom stone though terrace, refurbished to an exceptional standard with spacious accommodation over 4 floors. Having original features the property includes a games room, sauna room, newly fitted kitchen, stylish bathroom and superb décor throughout. An earl..."
"A superbly presented three bedroom semi detached residence offering good quality family living accommodation with gardens and garage, delightfully situated within a popular residential location."
"* * SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW * * TWO BEDROOMS * * POPULAR LOCATION * * CONSERVATORY * * * * GARDENS, GARAGE & PARKING * * This two bedroom semi detached bungalow is situated in a sought after location within walking distance of shops, amenities, doctors and excellent bus routes to both Ha..."
"NO CHAIN: Well appointed Semi Detached Bungalow that is situated in this ever popular location, ideally located close to Birkenshaw Village. Provides 2 Bedrooms, with Gardens and Driveway. The accommodation comprises: Hall, Lounge, Kitchen, 2 Bedrooms & Shower Room."
"Well presented three bedroom semi detached family home in a popular residential location. Lounge, kitchen diner and conservatory, three bedrooms and white three piece bathroom. Detached garage and off street driveway parking. Enclosed rear garden, uPVC double glazing and central heating. Energy: D"
"** 2 RECEPTION ROOMS ** 3 BEDROOMS ** NEW KITCHEN ** NEW BATHROOM ** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** NEW DRIVEWAY ** PARKING FOR 5 CARS ** ROOM TO EXTEND ( subject to pp) This is an excellent and spacious, 3 bedroom semi-detached property which has had many improvements in recent times, including new..."
"A great property for any growing family with 3 bedrooms, there is plenty of space on offer. We are please to have this 3 Bedroom Detached property in a sought after location which will appeal to First Time Buyers and Investors. Currently rented at £750 per calendar month but can be avail..."
"** EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED ** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS ** DISTANT RURAL VIEWS ** This ideal family home is deceptively spacious and offers space for a growing family, along with gardens, off-road parking, garage, lovely open views to the front across Thornton and offers great potential. "
"This 3 bedroom property is an ideal family home or first time buyer. An end of terrace property with a drive, garage and front lawn. The property is very well maintained and modern, decorated to a high standard. Close to schools, transport and aminaties. A good size lounge with laminate wood ..."
"**TWO BEDROOMS** **SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW** **POTENTIAL TO EXTEND STPC** **NO CHAIN** HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to offer to the market FOR SALE this TWO BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW located on a quiet cul-de-sac off Soaper Lane, Bradford. With potential to extend the property (STPC), ..."
** NEWLY REFURBED PROPERTY ** THREE BEDROOMS ** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** 
"** EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED ** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS ** WELL MAINTAINED ** CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION ** GAS CH & UPVC DG ** GARDENS & DRIVE ** Whitney's are pleased to offer for sale this semi detached property, SOLD WITH NO CHAIN and in good condition throughout. View now!"
"A perfect opportunity to purchase this well-presented 3-bedroom home, which benefits from extended living space and a recent new kitchen. The home is ideally situated on a quiet residential street in Tong, Bradford and is close to local schools, amenities and transport links. A light and sp..."
** THREE BEDROOM END TOWNHOUSE ** SET ON A LARGE PLOT & OFFERING FURTHER POTENTIAL ** GOOD CONDITION THROUGHOUT ** RECENTLY RE-RENDERED & NEW DRIVE ** CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION ** This superb family home is located just off The Avenue in Clayton and offers 'ready to move in' accommodation. View...
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED, lovely rear GARDEN, DRIVEWAY PARKING, SINGLE GARAGE. Well presented throughout with kitchen/ diner, in a POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION close to primary school & bus routes."
"*Offers in Excess of £190,000 - £200,000+* Wonderfully presented 3 bedroom semi detached house located in Bradford, West Yorkshire Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hall Bright and airy living room with feature fire place Well-appointed a..."
"* * SEMI DETACHED * * THREE BEDROOMS * * CONSERVATORY * * GARDENS & AMPLE PARKING * * * * MODERN BATHROOM * * FAMILY SIZED * * CLOAKROOM * * Fantastic opportunity for a growing family to purchase this delightful three bedroom semi detached house. Benefits gas central heating, upvc doub..."
"* * SEMI DETACHED * * THREE BEDROOMS * * POPULAR LOCATION * * GARDENS & PARKING * * * * REQUIRES SOME UPDATING * * FAMILY SIZED ACCOMODATION * * Situated in this ever popular location, within walking distance to BBG Academy and to Birkenshaw Village is this substantial three bedroom sto..."
"* * END TOWN HOUSE * * THREE BEDROOMS * * VERY WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT * * * * IDEAL FOR FTB/YOUNG FAMILY * * PARKING & GARDENS * * PLANNING IN PLACE TO CONVERT LOFT TO 2 FURTHER BEDROOMS & A BATHROOM** Situated in the much sought after location of Wibsey is this three bed, end town ho..."
"Offered to the market this well proportioned four bedroom property set over three floors, is located on the sought after modern development in Thornbury. The property is ideal for a growing family."
"WDH are delighted to bring to the market a stunning collection of 3 & 4 bedroom semi­detached and detached homes, all available with Shared Ownership. Purchase your dream home on the Herons Reach development built by Keepmoat. Buy a share as low as 40% and pay an affordable rent on the remaining."
This fantastic 4 bedroom family home is ideal for a large family with an amazingly large rear garden which is ideal for children and entertaining. This property is located in a popular location nearby to schools and amenities and has recently been the subject of a significant improvement to in...
***CHAIN FREE*** SPACIOUS two bedroom GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT!
"**WELL PRESENTED FOUR BEDROOM MID TERRACE** Boasting four double bedrooms, this fantastic family home would be perfect for a variety of buyers."
THE PERFECT STARTER/FAMILY HOME! A fantastic opportunity to purchase this THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE in BD4 which is close to excellent transport links and local amenities including schools and shops. The property offers well presented and ready to move into accommodation througho...
* MODERN END TOWN HOUSE * THREE BEDROOMS * WELL PRESENTED * MODERN KITCHEN & BATHROOM * * DINING KITCHEN * GARAGE & DRIVEWAY * IDEAL FOR FTB / YOUNG COUPLE * GARDEN * This well presented three bedroom end townhouse property would particularly appeal to FTBs/Young Couples/Families. 
"** CORNER PLOT POSITION *** DOUBLE GARAGE ** 22FT THROUGH LOUNGE *** Viewing is strongly advised for this spacious FAMILY HOME sat on an enviable plot position within the Low Moor, BD12 area. Currently providing THREE GOOD SIZE BEDROOMS, family bathroom, large through lounge diner, kitchen and CO..."
Extremely well presented three bedroom semi-detached house in a highly desirable residential area close to local schools and amenities. The property has been greatly improved by the current owners and early viewing is strongly advised to avoid disappointment. The accommodation briefly co...
"WELL PRESENTED, FAMILY SIZED three bedroom semi detached house situated within the sought after Woodlands village area of Oakenshaw. Conveniently situated within the catchment area of the well regarded local primary school and adjacent to the local park, the house offers a suburban location yet i..."
* SEMI DETACHED + BASEMENT APARTMENT * UNIQUE PROPERTY * MODERNISED & UPDATED * * FOUR BEDROOMS * MODERN KITCHEN & BATHROOM * HEART OF THORNTON VILLAGE * * OVER FOUR FLOORS * SMALL GARDEN * NO ONWARD CHAIN * A unique opportunity has arisen to purchase this large semi detached hou...
"***TWO BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW*** --MUST BE VIEWED TO APPRECIATE WHAT THIS ACCOMMODATION HAS TO OFFER-- Offered for sale with no chain is this delightful semi-detached bungalow situated in this increasingly popular area of BD6, just of Netherlands Avenue. Currently comprising of two be..."
"Impressive Grade 2 Listed, SINGLE STOREY STONE BUILT BARN CONVERSION, offering much charm & character. Immaculately presented, the 2 Bedroomed property was renovated fully in 2008, but parts of it date back to the early 1800`s, when the barn formed part of The farmstead, known as Home Bank Fa..."
MATURE SEMI-DETACHED BEING ONE OF THE LARGER TYPES ON THIS ROW * HALLWAY * LOUNGE * DINING ROOM * FITTED KITCHEN * 3 BEDROOMS * BATHROOM * GCH AND WORCESTER 24 CDI COMBI-BOILER * UPVC DG WINDOWS AND DOORS * FRONT & REAR GARDENS * DRIVEWAY * NEEDS SOME UPDATING * OFFERS GREAT POTENTIAL TO PUT YOUR...
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this semi detached property with 2 double bedrooms. Situated in a cul-de-sac, on a popular development close to local amenities and the nearby motorway links. In our opinion this would make an ideal first purchase and an internal viewing is advised."
"* * MID TOWN HOUSE * * THREE BEDROOMS * * WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT * * * * QUIET CUL-DE-SAC * * GARDENS & PARKING * * Situated within walking distance of Queensbury Village which boasts amenities, shops, first and secondary schools is this well presented three bedroom mid townhouse. "
"Well presented Detached Bungalow, situated in this ever popular location. Providing 2 Bedrooms, with gardens, driveway and garage. A detailed viewing is highly recommended. The accommodation comprises: Hall, Lounge, Kitchen, 2 Bedrooms & Shower Room."
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - EGERTON GROVE *** WITH NO CHAIN *** - A TWO-BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW NEWLY DECORATED - OUTSTANDING VIEWS ACROSS THE AREA - CONSERVATORY - GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY PARKING - COUNCIL TAX BAND C - EPC RATING GRADE D ** VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE **
Delightfully situated within a popular and convenient residential location is a well established three bedroom end terraced home standing in a good sized plot with driveway and detached garage to the side.
"GUIDE PRICE £180,000-£185,000: Family sized 5 BEDROOMED EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED. Situated in this popular location, opposite Bowling Park and walking distance to Bradford Academy. In need of some updating, but this is reflected in the sensible price. NOT TO BE MISSED. The ac..."
"**NO CHAIN** **IDEAL FAMILY HOME** **OFF-STREET PARKING & GARAGE** HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to welcome to market this THREE BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE FAMILY HOME located on a quiet cul-de-sac in the popular residential area of Clayton Heights, Bradford. Set over three floors with an integral g..."
"** VICTORIAN TERRACE ** THREE BEDROOMS ** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS ** A fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious three bedroom, though terrace, an ideal family home in the village of Wyke. The property is situated close to local amenities, shops, schools, and transport links. ..."
Spacious extended semi detached bungalow which offers flexible four bedroomed accommodation. The property has undergone a significant scheme of refurbishment and offers well presented and appointed accommodation and excellent fixtures and fittings.
"Very well presented Semi Detached, that would make an ideal family home. Situated in this ever popular location, the property provides 3 Bedrooms. With lovely gardens and driveway, a detailed viewing is essential. The accommodation comprises: Hallway, Through Lounge/Diner, Conservatory..."
"SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME | THREE GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS | SEMI-DETACHED | DINING KITCHEN | PARKING & DETACHED GARAGE | PRIVATE REAR GARDEN | GOOD LOCAL SCHOOLS | POTENTAIL TO EXTEND S.T.P.P. The property is in need of modernisation but will make a beautiful family home, located in a popular location and..."
A spacious and stylish three-bedroom extended semi-detached home. The property has been finished to a high standard and boasts modern decor throughout.
Offered with no onward chain this spacious three bedroom semidetached property. In a popular and sought after location in cul de sac position. Benefiting from good size driveway and single detached garage.
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - WOODROW DRIVE - IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS /FAMILIES A THREE-BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME LOCATED IN LOW MOOR *** WITH NO CHAIN *** - TWO RECEPTION ROOMS - MODERN STYLE BATHROOM - BEDROOM 2 WITH FITTED WARDROBES - FRONT GARDEN WITH EXTENDED REA...
"** SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM SEM DETACHED ** POPULAR HAWORTH ROAD IN BD9 ** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS ** CONSERVATORY ** Whitney's are pleased to offer to the market this good-sized family home that benefits from gas central heating, UPVC double glazing, drive for several cars and potential to add value. "
"Well presented TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM semi-detached CHARACTER PROPERTY offering ready to move into accommodation. OPEN PLAN living to the ground floor, CONSERVATORY, GARDENS side & rear. BOOK A VIEWING."
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED property situated in a popular residential location, OFF ROAD PARKING for several vehicles. This property offers IDEAL FAMILY SIZE ACCOMMODATION with TWO RECEPTION ROOMS."
"** 3 BED SEMI-DETACHED ** ROOM TO EXTEND ( subject to pp ) ** 2 RECEPTION ROOMS ** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** MODERN KITCHEN ** PARKING & GARAGE ** CLOSE TO GOOD SCHOOLS ** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION ** This is a well presented 3 bedroom semi-detached property situated in a sought after location, cl..."
"***READY TO MOVE INTO***Righthaus are pleased to offer this 3 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED property. The home on offer still has ***5 YEARS NHBC WARRENTY*** remaining, and would suit a FIRST TIME BUYER/FAMILY. This home Benefits from DINING KITCHEN, ENSUITE, DECKING, CCTV, ALARM, Double Glazing and Gas ..."
"* INNER TOWN HOUSE * THREE BEDROOMS * CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION * FAMILY SIZED * * WELL PRESENTED * GARDENS & PARKING * NO CHAIN * This family sized town house occupies a delightful cul-de-sac location and offers 'ready to move into' accommodation. Benefits from gas central heating, up..."
A character cottage with off road parking and garden to the rear. This superb home requires an internal inspection to truly appreciate the size on offer and just how quirky this home is. Located within a popular and convenient position. Don't delay book your viewing today.
"Offered with VACANT POSSESSION! WELL PRESENTED & SPACIOUS THREE bed., family home in great location, minutes to amenities, SCHOOLS, Apperley Bridge Marina/canalside walks & bike rides & with excellent commuter links! Will suit a number of buyers & offers"
"In need of refurbishment this 5 bedroom terrace house with accommodation over 3 floors offering very spacious family accommodation having porch,kitchen,lounge,dining room, 5 bedrooms,workshop and bathroom. Central heating and part double glazing, garden and garage. NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"** THREE BEDROOM END TOWNHOUSE ** PLANNING PERMISSION APPROVED FOR SIZEABLE EXTENSION ** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS ** GROUND FLOOR WC **LARGE LOFT SPACE ** Whitney's are pleased to offer for sale this extended end townhouse in Clayton, set in generous gardens and offering off-road parking, gardens and ..."
"* SEMI DETACHED * FAMILY SIZED * THREE BEDROOMS * CONTEMPORARY DECOR * * MODERN KITCHEN & BATHROOM * GARDENS * PARKING * Occupying a popular residential location, is this very well presented three bedroom semi detached house. Benefits from gas central heating, upvc double glazin..."
A delightful true bungalow located in this residential area. The property benefits from being wheel chair accessible. The property is well presented throughout with modern fitments and further benefits from a wet shower room.
"* GRADE II LISTED COTTAGE * THREE BEDROOMS * MODERN KITCHEN & BATHROOM * * CONSERVATORY * READY TO MOVE INTO * GARDEN * Offering ready to move into accommodation, is this deceptively spacious three bedroom Grade II Listed cottage. The accommodation benefits from a modern fitted ..."
"LARGE AND SPACIOUS MID TERRACE ** WELL MAINTAINED SINCE RE-BUILT ** FIVE BEDROOMS ** THREE BATHROOMS ** PERFECT FOR GROWING FAMILY ** Located within walking distance to Bradford city centre and close to a wealth of amenities such as shops, reputable schools/mosques, hospitals and Bradf..."
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** This TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM semi-detached property with TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, located in a popular residential CUL-DE-SAC with DRIVEWAY PARKING, DETACHED GARAGE & enclosed garden."
Four bed Inner Terrace close to bus routes and local shops
"The home of great value! The Mayfield boasts a modern kitchen-diner and a separate bright living room, creating a seamless living space. A central staircase leads upstairs where you'll find two bedrooms and a great-sized family bathroom. *Images, dimensions, and layout..."
"Spacious two bedroom detached bungalow comprising. Entrance hallway, through lounge, kitchen, two bedrooms, three piece bathroom suite. Gas central heating, double glazing. Lawned gardens to front with split level to patio to rear, driveway to side leading to a single detached garage, patio area..."
"This THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED property is situated in a desirable residential location and is sure to be popular given its PROXIMITY TO LOCAL SCHOOLS. Boasting a MODERN KITCHEN and bathroom, comfortable lounge, CONSERVATORY, three bedrooms and family bathroom, GARDENS FRONT & REAR, driveway PA..."
"HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to welcome to the market FOR SALE this well-presented THREE BEDROOM COTTAGE located in the popular residential area of Wibsey, Bradford. With a new kitchen, open-plan living space and a large garden to the rear, we expect this property to be popular with families lookin..."
"This SEMI-DETACHED property boasts THREE BEDROOMS and TWO DEFINED RECEPTION AREAS with the added benefit of a CONSERVATORY to the rear. Situated in a popular residential location with a wooded rear aspect this property also offers OFF STREET PARKING, garage and GARDENS TO FRONT & REAR."
"** THREE BEDROOM END TOWN HOUSE ** VERY WELL PRESENTED ** CORNER PLOT ** EN-SUITE ** GARAGE & DRIVEWAY ** This modern family home in BD7 sits on a corner plot and benefits from a ground floor WC, three good-sized bedrooms, ensuite and potential to increase the living space and add extra parking."
"Well presented THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED with ENCLOSED GARDEN to the rear, driveway PARKING for two cars to the front, neutral décor throughout. GOOD FAMILY SIZE HOME! Book a viewing today!"
"This modern three bedroom end town house property is set in a generous plot. Property benefits from a large conservatory with multi fuel stove, over looking the stunning garden. Situated at the head of a popular cul de sac, the property offers superb family accommodation."
* DETACHED BUNGALOW * IDEAL FOR DOWNSINZING * CLOSE TO AMENITIES & INFIRMARY * * GARDEN TO REAR * DRIVEWAY * GARAGE * This two bedroom detached bungalow would make an ideal purchase for a number of buyers particularly anybody downsizing. The spacious property is ideally located on ...
"Righthaus are proud to offer ****VERY WELL PRESENTED ****3 BEDROOM**** SEMI DETACHED**** property situated in the popular residential location. The property benefits from 3 BEDROOMS, BATHROOM & WC, DOUBLE GLAZING AND GAS CENTRAL HEATING."
"Righthaus are pleased to offer this ** TRUE BUNGALOW ** in the heart of WIBSEY to the market. Benefitting from ** 2 BEDROOMS ** DISABLED ACCESS ** and WELL MAINTAINED. Further benefitting MODERN SHOWER ROOM, mature well kept gardens, DRIVEWAY & GARAGE."
Located in a sought after location and set on a good size plot if this traditional stone built three bedroom semi detached. Masses of potential on this one subject to planning permission.
"Sure to suit a first time buyer and large enough for a young family, this deceptively spacious three bedroom property enjoys a private garden and is ready to move straight into! Offering a stylish dining kitchen and spacious lounge, call our Morley office to view!"
"DAN PEARCE SELLS HOMES PROUDLY OFFERS FOR SALE THIS LOVELY 3 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME! WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT, WITH SPACIOUS ROOMS, A DETACHED GARAGE AND ON A PRIVATE ESTATE, THIS IS ONE NOT TO BE MISSED!"
DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS EXTENDED 2 DOUBLE BEDROOM END TERRACE * POPULAR PART OF IDLE * FRONT PORCH EXTENSION * LOUNGE WITH A FEATURE INGLENOOK FIREPLACE AND WOOD BURNING STOVE * OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINING AREA LEADING ONTO THE REAR EXTENDED CONSERVATORY * 2 DOUBLE BEDROOMS * MODERN FITTED BATHROOM SUI...
A superb three bedroom townhouse situated in a most popular newer residential estate with gardens to front and rear and driveway to the rear.
"**NO CHAIN** ATTENTION First Time Buyers- This is the PERFECT STARTER HOME! Lovely 3 BED SEMI DETACHED, ideally located on a CUL-DE-SAC & has DRIVEWAY PARKING FOR 2-3 CARS & an ENCLOSED rear garden with a patio and lawned area."
"Righthaus are proud to offer ****VERY WELL PRESENTED ****2 BEDROOM**** TRADITIONAL BUNGALOW**** property situated in this popular residential location. The property benefits from MODERN KITCHEN & BATHROOM. PLUS DOUBLE GLAZING, GAS CENTRAL HEATING, DRIVEWAY, BAR & GARAGE."
"** THORNTON MILLS DEVELOPMENT ** SUPERB THREE BEDROOM END TOWN HOUSE ** SET ACROSS THREE FLOORS ** SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION ** CHARACTER FEATURES ** This superb new development in Thornton offers a range of stunning 2, 3, 4 and 5 bedroom properties that benefit from high ceilings a quality finish."
"HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - BURNHAM AVENUE FIRST TIME BUYERS / FAMILIES - WELL-PRESENTED THROUGHOUT - MODERN THREE-BEDROOM HOME - DINING KITCHEN - GROUND FLOOR WC - MODERN STYLISH THREE-PIECE BATHROOM - POSSIBLE GARAGE CONVERSION - CLOSE TO LOCAL SCHOOLS, AMENITIES & M62 - COUNCIL TAX BA..."
"Ready to move into with upgrades included! Plus, we'll pay 5% deposit contribution* The Kerry combines a modern open-plan kitchen and dining area with the privacy of a cosy, separate living room to create the perfect living space. Upstairs benefits from two double bed..."
A TWO bed SECOND floor apartment with DOUBLE GLAZING and electric HEATING with FEATURE stone FRONT.Oozing CHARM and CHARACTER with GOOD SIZED accommodation.The apartment has an ENSUITE and main BATHROOM with a UTILITY/CYLINDER cupboard.With CONCIERGE onsite and ALLOCATED PARKING.EPC rating 'C'.
"HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to offer to the market FOR SALE this TWO BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW located in Shelf, Halifax. With potential to extend the property to the rear or side, no onward sale chain and off-street parking with detached garage we expect this property to be popular with firs..."
"Ideal investment property in a prime location in Bradford. This 6-bedroom home has additional potential to be extended to a 7-bed home. The property is an HMO, with current tenants in place, with rental income currently at £14,800 per annum, looking to increase to around £18,000 pe..."
"** CUL DE SAC LOCATION ** SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW ** VERY WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT **Viewing is strongly advised for this SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW of which the current owners have vastly improved over recent years. Briefly comprising: Entrance hallway, lounge, modern kitchen and bathroom and TWO BE..."
"Offered to the market is this well presented and welcoming three bedroom home in popular residential location. Benefits from a utility room and off road parking. This property is an ideal family home. Guide Price £170,000-£180,000."
"Extended two bedroom, two reception room semi detached with off road parking and gardens to the front and rear. Highly sought after location with exceptional transport links."
"Guide Price: £170,000 A detached former assisted living accommodation which may represent a residential development opportunity subject to the necessary consents. The property is situated on a plot of approximately 510 sq m (610 sq yds) and is sold freehold and with vacant possession. ..."
Offered to the market this spacious six bedroom HMO property that benefits from four ensuites. Appeals to investors. This property is situated off Great Horton Road within easy reach of local amenities and transport links.
"DAN PEARCE SELLS HOMES PROUDLY PRESENT THIS BRILLIANT 3 BEDROOM SEMI DEATCHED FAMILY HOME IIN BD10!!! BOASTING OFF ROAD PARKING, GREAT GARDEN SPACE AND WELL PORPORTIONED ROOMS THROUGHOUT AND CLOSE TO A WEALTH OF AMENTIES AND GOOD LOCAL SCHOOLS THIS ONE IS NOT TOO BE MISSED!!!"
"A spacious three-bedroom semi-detached home in the sought-after area of Bradford.  The home is ideal for first-time buyers, couples and families alike. Set in a quiet cul-de-sac, the home is set over 2 floors.  The entrance to the home is via the front enclosed garden, which le..."
"Beautiful two bedroom mid terrace with fully landscaped south facing garden, perfect for first time buyers or investors, a property not to be missed!"
"*** NEW INSTRUCTION, MUST BE VIEWED *** - 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME, PRICED TO SELL, NOT TO BE MISSED, to arrange a viewing please call our head office from 7am to 11pm 7 days a week. 3 Bedroom Semi-detached family home, well presented spacious accommodation, IDEAL FOR YOUNG / GROWIN..."
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - BRANTWOOD VILLAS EXTENDED THREE-BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME - TWO RECEPTION ROOMS - UTILITY ROOM - LOCATED ON A CUL-DE-SAC - LARGE REAR GARDEN - FURTHER EXTENSION POTENTIAL - DRIVEWAY PARKING - EPC RATING GRADE D - COUNCIL TAX BAND C - HOUSE ALARM 
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - DEANWOOD CRESCENT *** WITH NO CHAIN *** - A RECENTLY REFURBISHED TWO-BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW *** VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE *** REFURBISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD - TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS - MODERN SHOWER ROOM - SPACIOUS LOUNGE - FRONT AND REAR GARDENS -...
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a well-presented two-bedroom semi-detached bungalow situated in the sought-after village of Thronton. This corner plot residence boasts a recently refurbished interior, detached garage and spacious garden."
"This delightful semi-detached home offers two reception rooms, a modern fitted kitchen/diner, three sizeable bedrooms and a three-piece bathroom. Externally, the property boasts well kept front and rear gardens and parking in the surrounding area is also available. This property presents a fantas..."
"HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to offer to the market FOR SALE this THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME located on a quiet road in Moor Top, Bradford. With off-street parking, good-sized gardens and within close proximity to the local school, we expect this property to be popular with family buye..."
"An exceptional stone built terrace home providing superb family accommodation of significant quality in a very convenient location close to nearby Sandy Lane village centre and its amenities. Tastefully appointed and superbly maintained, this mature three bedroom home, offers an excellen..."
"""Family sized"" SEMI-DETACHED in NEED OF UPDATING WITH PLANS PASSED FOR EXTENSION TO MAKE 5 BEDROOMS (22/02367/HOU). Currently providing THREE BEDROOM accommodation. A real opportunity for new owners to make their own mark and create a long term home here. With more than ten Ofsted rat..."
"Righthaus are pleased to offer this 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED property to the market, in the popular location of BD7. This home benefits DINING KITCHEN, no onward chain and LARGE DRIVEWAY."
"5% deposit contribution!* The stunning three bedroom Galway benefits from a combined kitchen-diner with French doors that lead out onto the garden, creating a seamless contemporary space. Across the hallway you'll find a separate living room, plus a useful storage cup..."
An extended three bedroom end town house situated in this popular residential location with open aspect overlooking greenbelt to rear. Realistically priced to reflect the degree of modernisation that is required. The property offers good sized accommodation which benefits from upvc double glazing.
** 7 YEAR OLD - 3 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED ** IMMACULATE CONDITION ** RECENTLY REDECORATED ** GROUND FLOOR WC ** BLOCK PAVED DRIVE ** MODERN KITCHEN & BATHROOM ** This ideal family home is located a stones throw from Wibsey Village and is conveniently placed for motorway access. Early viewing ad...
"** LOVELY YOUNG FAMILY HOME/FIRST TIME PURCHASE ** CUL DE SAC LOCATION ** Viewing is throungly advised for this MODERN SEMI DETACHED properted situated within this popular persimmon built estate known as Blossom Meadows. Briefly comprising: entrance hall with cloakroom off, lounge, dining kitchen..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this semi detached house which benefits from central heating, double glazing and comprises of lounge, dining kitchen, cellar, three bedrooms, bathroom, front and rear gardens. In a convenient location with far reaching views."
* TOWN HOUSE * THREE BEDROOMS * CLOSE TO AMENITIES * POPULAR LOCATION * * IDEAL STARTER/FAMILY HOME * GARDEN * PARKING * DRIVEWAY * Gas CH and DG * This three bedroom mid town house is ideally located for BBG Academy and local amenities and motorway links. Situated in the much so...
"** TWO BEDROOM TRUE BUNGALOW ** SEMI DETACHED ** CORNER PLOT ** GARDENS TO THREE SIDES ** SINGLE DETACHED GARAGE ** This well maintained bungalow sits on a good-sized plot and benefits from gas central heating, UPVC double glazing, fitted kitchen, shower room and is sold with NO CHAIN."
** LARGE GARDENS TO THE REAR ** Viewing is strongly advised for this POPULAR style of SEMI DETACHED of which the current owners have 'looked after' over the years. Offering spacious accommodation throughout within the THREE BEDROOMS and TWO RECEPTION ROOMS. Benefitting further from modern kitchen...
"Built in 2013, this STUNNING THREE-BEDROOM FAMILY HOME arranged over two floors with a modern bathroom, kitchen/ diner, downstairs WC, large garden and much more. CALL LINLEY AND SIMPSON TODAY to view."
PERIOD CHARACTER 2 BEDROOM END TERRACE * INGLENOOK FIREPLACE AND LOG BURNER * YORKSHIRE STONE FLAGGED FLOOR TO THE MAIN RECEPTION ROOM * GCH AND CONDENSING COMBI-BOILER * DG WINDOWS * KEEPING CELLAR * GOOD SIZE FRONT GARDEN AND A SMALL REAR AREA * PARKING ON THE STREET * CLOSE TO THE VILLAGE AMEN...
"** MIXED USED PREMISES ** FORMER OFF LICENCE WITH LIVING ACCOMODATION ** PERFECT OPPORTUNITY with endless amounts of options for this Grade II listed END TERRACED COTTAGE on a prominent road position yet set back. Once was TWO COTTAGES and now comprising: Open plan living area, large former shop ..."
3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED IN THIS SMALL CUL-DE-SAC POSITON * 2 RECEPTION ROOMS * GCH & 2 YEAR OLD WEISMAN CONDENSING COMBI-BOILER * UPVC DG WINDOWS * ALARMED * FRONT & REAR LARGE GARDEN * DRIVEWAY FOR SEVERAL CARS * DETACHED GARAGE PLUS ATTACHED METAL SHED * NEEDS SOME UPDATING BUT OFFERS GREAT POT...
"IDEAL FTB/PROFESSIONAL/INVESTMENT opportunity, NO ONWARD CHAIN, MODERN TWO bedroom UPPER FLOOR APARTMENT, SECURE ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE ON SITE, LIVING ROOM, MODERN HIGH SPEC KITCHEN, HOUSE BATHROOM. Close proximity to local amenities and having good access to motorway links."
"Three-bedroom semi-detached family home in Bradford Extended to the rear and offering spacious family-sized accommodation. With double glazing and gas central heating, the home comprises of entrance, lounge, dining room and spacious kitchen. Access to the rear enclosed garden is v..."
"**IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS** Willim H Brown are pleased to welcome to the market this two bedroom semi-detached home in the well sought after location of BD2. *** GUIDE PRICE £165,000 - £175,000 ***"
No summary available.
"*** REDUCED £165,000, MUST BE VIEWED *** TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK! LOVELY 3 BEDROOM MID TERRACE PROPERTY, NOT TO BE MISSED, IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS / YOUNG COUPLES, spacious accommodation, WELL PRESENTED, gas central heating, double glazing, MOD..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN. Semi-detached true bungalow with two bedrooms, CONSERVATORY, extensive rear garden, DRIVEWAY AND DETACHED GARAGE, modern bathroom and set in a POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION."
"DO NOT MISS THIS: Impressive Semi Detached Bungalow, situated in this sought after location. Provides 2 Bedrooms and is very well presented throughout. With Gardens, Driveway & Garage. Must be viewed to fully appreciate."
"***NO CHAIN***PURPLE BRICKS are please to market this lovely home which is decorated to a very high standard***This lovely modern 3 bedroom property is ideal for a first time buyer or a family as all the bedrooms are a good size. Very close the schools, public transport and local amenities wh..."
GetAnOffer are offering this ATTRACTIVELY PRICED PROPERTY from a MOTIVATED seller to buyers that are in a position to purchase relatively quickly. This property has been PRICED to ENCOURAGE a QUICK SALE. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property for sale: Semi Detached House Three Bedr...
"CHECK OUT THIS GORGEOUS 3 BEDROOM MID TERRACE HOUSE FOR SALE IN BD4! A FANTASTIC LOCATION WITH GREAT ACCESS TO BRADFORD CENTRE AND THE M62. 3 GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS, LIVING ROOM, KITCHEN DINER, CLOAKROOM, ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN, PARKING AND MUCH MORE! BOOK IN NOW TO AVOID ANY DISAPPOINTMENT!"
"HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to offer to the market FOR SALE this THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY located on a quiet cul-de-sac in the popular residential village of Wibsey, Bradford. With a good-sized garden, detached single garage and off-street parking, we expect this property to be popular..."
*** ATTENTION INVESTORS *** Righthaus are proud to offer this 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED ** property located in Buttershaw with an ENVIABLE CORNER PLOT with planning permission. The home on offer benefits from a **DINING KITCHEN ** and planning permission for a SET OF FLATS.
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - VULCAN STREET A THREE-BEDROOM MID THROUGH TERRACE HOME DINING KITCHEN - LOUNGE WITH BUILT IN STORAGE - GROUND FLOOR WC - MODERN THREE-PIECE BATHROOM SUITE - DRIVEWAY PARKING - COUNCIL TAX BAND B - EPC RATING GRADE B GROUND FLOOR Ente...
"Sold Via by Modern Method of Auction, Start Bid £165,000 *** SUBSTANTIAL FAMILY HOME *** SIX BEDROOMS *** LARGE BASEMENT AREA ** GARAGE ** Situated within this most convenient location is this FIVE BEDROOM TERRACED PROPERTY in need of some modernisation throughout."
"* BUNGALOW *WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT * ONE BEDROOM + LOFT CONVERSION ROOM * * POPULAR LOCATION * MODERN KITCHEN & BATHROOM * GARDENS & PARKING * Situated in the desirable and sought after location of Clayton and within walking distance of amenities, shops, and local schools, is this o..."
NO CHAIN - MUST be viewed to fully appreciate – Generously sized inner terrace with GARAGE and PARKING to rear. Currently providing THREE BEDROOM (one being large attic) TWO RECEPTION ROOM accommodation which is further enhanced by an EN-SUITE shower room and a GOOD SIZE CELLAR. Forming pa...
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - RUDDING CRESCENT A THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN ALLERTON CUL-DE-SAC POSITION - SPACIOUS DINING KITCHEN - DRIVEWAY AND GARAGE PARKING - LAWN TO THE FRONT AND REAR PATIO GARDEN GROUND FLOOR Enter the property into th...
A perfect opportunity to purchase this spacious 4-bedroom home which is ideally situated within easy reach of local amenities and transport links. The property features 2 reception rooms which provide the perfect environment in which to relax and entertain. The kitchen has ample work surface a...
* * SEMI DETACHED * * TWO BEDROOMS * * MODERN KITCHEN/BATHROOM * * NO CHAIN * * * * GARDENS & GARAGE * * POPULAR LOCATION * * Fantastic opportunity for either first time buyer or someone downsizing to purchase this very well presented two bedroom semi detached house. Available with vaca...
"Mid Townhouse | Three Bedrooms | Modern Kitchen | Spacious Lounge | Private Rear Garden | Room To Extend Rear & Loft Space S.T.P.P. Ideal first time buy or investment property, a well presented home in a sought after location situated within the Wibsey, BD6 area. Close to many of the local amenit..."
"**IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS** An attractive four bedroom through mid-terraced property in the popular residential location of BD8. Viewing is highly advised to appreciate the accommodation of offer. Energy Rating: C ***GUIDE PRICE £160,000 - £175,000***"
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - REDWOOD CRESCENT FIRST TIME BUYERS / FAMILIES - THREE-BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME - WELL-PRESENTED THROUGHOUT - GROUND FLOOR WC - DINING KITCHEN - MODERN BATHROOM - BEDROOM 1 WITH FITTED WARDROBES - COUNCIL TAX BAND B - EPC RATING GRADE C - FEATURE FIREP...
"A beautiful and spacious semi detached property, that has the potential to be extended subject to planning permission. Briefly comprising a large lounge, kitchen, 3 bedrooms, family bathroom, downstairs W.C. and a garage. Externally the property boasts delightful mature and well maintained garden..."
"PUBLIC NOTICE ADDRESS - 17 Grey Friar Walk, Bradford, BD7 4BD We are acting in the sale of the above property and have received an offer of £160,000. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange of contracts takes place EPC R..."
"* SEMI DETACHED * THREE BEDROOMS * NO ONWARD CHAIN * * GARDENS & GARAGE * POPULAR LOCATION * SHOWER ROOM * Available with no onward chain, is this three bedroom semi detached house. Benefits from gas central heating, upvc double glazing and briefly comprises entrance hall, loung..."
"** SPACIOUS 'ROBINSON BUILT' SEMI DETACHED ** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN ** Sat on a good plot position offering itself to possible extension opportunity (subject to relevant permissions) is this THREE BEDROOM (no box room!) family home, with 21ft through lounge dining area, kitchen and family bathroo..."
"With great outside space, garage, three bedrooms and spacious kitchen/diner. In a sought after and popular location. A must view and an ideal purchase for a first time buyers."
***MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION*** ***FOR SALE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN*** ***OFFERING INCREDIBLY SPACIOUS AND WELL PRESENTED ACCOMMODATION*** ***OFF-STREET PARKING & OUTSIDE SPACE*** THREE GREAT SIZED DOUBLE BEDROOMS***
"TO VIEW CALL 24/7/ OR BOOK ONLINE. Calling investors/owner occupiers...Sizeable through terrace over 4 floors. COMPLETELY renovated, modernised & improved throughout. Excellent rental potential/great family home. Open views to the front. NO CHAIN. IS THERE A BETTER HOUSE FOR THE MONEY? INTRIGUED??"
"** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN ** VIEWING STRONGLY ADVISED ** Situated in the heart of Wibsey Village is this lovely MODERN END TOWN HOUSE offering spacious accommodation throughout. Briefly comprising: Entrance hall with cloakroom off, lounge and dining kitchen to the ground floor. THREE BEDROOMS and ..."
"William H Brown are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented two bedroom end cottage. Located in a popular location within Greengates. Accommodation across three floors. uPVC DG & CHI. Available with no upper chain. Energy Rating: D. *** OFFERS OVER £160,000 ***"
"A stunning 3 bedroom stone built mid terrace property, briefly comprising a hall, a large lounge, fully fitted kitchen with dining area, 3 double bedrooms, a stylish family bathroom and a useable cellar. Externally the property boasts a low maintenance paved rear garden. This superb property woul..."
"For sale by Modern Method of Auction Starting Bid Price £160,000, plus Reservation Fee** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN ** VAST POTENTIAL FOR EXTENSION ** SUPERB ENVIABLE CORNER PLOT ** Viewing is strongly advised for this SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW offering TWO BEDROOMS, lounge, dining kitchen, shower ..."
"This lovely Bungalow has much to offer. Located in Clayton and boasting two bedrooms, one walk-in shower room and a reception room, this is a highly accessable property. Also to the property are lovely gardens and ample off-road parking. Move fast to avoid missing out on this wonderful home."
"Coming to market soon.. This stunning three bed, semi detached family home.... Ideal for first time buyers and families . Modern family home . Great location .Landscaped garden with outdoor bar "
"** SEMI-DETACHED property with THREE BEDROOMS that offers NO FORWARD CHAIN. Well presented FAMILY HOME with a DRIVEWAY to the front, GARDENS FRONT & REAR. Convenient for both Bradford and Halifax **"
"** SPACIOUS & QUIRKY END TERRACE COTTAGE ** SET ACROSS THREE LEVELS ** TWO BEDROOMS PLUS LOFT ROOM ** LOVELY RURAL VIEWS ** GRADE II LISTED ** Located in the heart of Thornton village is this spacious, character property. Tastefully appointed throughout and benefitting from a delightful south..."
"NO CHAIN - Popular style of SEMI-DETACHED currently providing THREE BEDROOM accommodation. Off road parking and pleasant gardens further add to the appeal here. Within walking distance of Wellington Primary School, handy for Apperley Bridge Train Station and many amenities in and around Eccleshi..."
"OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN! Biscayne Residential Properties is delighted to offer this large 4 bedroom property to the market for sale. Located in the popular vicinity of Gt Horton, this property is ideal for an investor or a growing family. Boasting accommodation ov..."
Offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this well presented characterful two bedroom through terrace property. Would be an ideal first time buy or potential buy to let opportunity.
"Well presented THREE BEDROOM TOWN HOUSE with integral GARAGE, enclosed rear GARDEN. Offering IDEAL FAMILY SIZE ACCOMMODATION, located within easy reach of village amenities. BOOK A VIEWING TODAY!"
"** TWO BEDROOMS ** END COTTAGE ** GARDEN AND PARKING ** DINING KITCHEN ** Deceptively spacious two bedroom end cottage which is conveniently located within the sought after semi rural village location of East Bierley. The property benefits from a dining kitchen, conservatory and original..."
"** DETACHED BUNGALOW ** SPACIOUS THROUGHOUT ** Viewing is strongly advised for this lovely Modern detached bungalow (built around 2000), offering good size accommodation through. Briefly comprising: Entrance hallway, lounge, THREE BEDROOMS (one currently being utilised as a dining room) breakfast..."
"Locate are proud to offer for sale this two bedroomed semi detached family house, commanding a fine position in the heart of this sought after location. Gas central heating, reception room, large conservatory, kitchen and large gardens. Within the catchment for regarded junior and secondary schools."
" This is a great opportunity to purchase this immaculately presented THREE BEDROOM, TWO RECEPTION ROOM End Townhouse. LARGE PRIVATE FRONT GARDENS with a DRIVEWAY AND GARAGE TO THE REAR. Situated close to good local schooling, amenities, city centre and transport links. IDEAL FOR FIRST PURCH..."
* * TWO BED SEMI * * MODERN FITTED KITCHEN * * IDEAL FOR FTB/YOUNG FAMILY * * * * LARGE 18FT WORKSHOP * * GARDENS & PARKING * * This two (originally three bedroom) semi detached property would make an excellent purchase for a number of buyers. Ideally located for Queensbury Village ...
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A well presented semi detached family home offering three good sized bedrooms, modern presentation throughout, kitchen diner, cloaks, south facing rear garden and off-street parking for two vehicles. Situated in a sought after residential location in Allerton. Early viewing is h..."
"FAMILY SIZED SEMI-DETACHED – ENVIABLE CUL-DE-SAC PLOT - Currently providing THREE BEDROOM , TWO RECEPTION ROOM accommodation. This fine example is further enhanced by: BLOCK PAVED DRIVE, GARAGE (restricted access) – UNDER HOUSE STORE along with gardens front and rear. Of likely app..."
"Lovely enclosed garden with trees and shrubs at the front and a low maintenance paved garden at rear, offering potential to extend and create another living room or conservatory."
"** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN ** SUBSTANTIAL END TERRACED PROPERTY ** Viewing is strongly advised for this larger than expected stone built property situated within this convenient of localities on the outskirts of Bankfoot. Briefly comprising: Good size entrance hallway, lounge, dining kitchen, basem..."
"*** NO CHAIN *** Righthaus are pleased to offer this EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM END TERRACED property. The property is has recently been REDECORATED and is UNUSUALLY LARGE with over 1590 SQ FT!. This home would be ideal for FIRST TIME BUYERS and INVESTORS ALIKE, boasting TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, STUDY and..."
"** VILLAGE LOCATION ** CUL DE SAC POSITION ** Tucked away is this lovely SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW briefly comprising: Entrance vestibule, lounge, kitchen, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and modern shower room. Externally there is an adjacent drive leading to GARAGE and larger than expected gardens to the rear..."
INVESTORS ONLY - EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! An attractive three bedroom detached property which is entirely well presented throughout and offers a great rental yield.
"** LARGE END TERRACED PROPERTY** FOUR BEDROOMS, THREE RECEPTIONS ** SAT OVER FOUR FLOORS ** Situated within this convenient of locations just on the outskirts of the Bradford City Centre is this GOOD SIZE end terraced property. The lower ground floor (which has pavement access from Spencer Road) ..."
" Semi detached family house in popular cul de sac location with two reception rooms, separate galley style kitchen, two double bedrooms, small single bedroom and house bathroom. Externally the property has a large under house store, detached single garage, tiered gardens to the rear along with ..."
*SEMI DETACHED * FOUR BEDROOMS * THREE RECEPTION ROOMS * CORNER PLOT * PARKING * * FAMILY SIZE PROPERTY * NO CHAIN * Fantastic opportunity for a growing family to purchase this four bedroom extended semi detached house. Available with vacant possession and benefits from gas central heat...
"Situated in this popular residential location is this appealing two bedroom, extended semi detached bungalow. Offered with no onward chain the property is ready for immediate occupation. The accommodation briefly comprises, entrance hall, 27ft lounge, fitted dining kitchen, two bedrooms and a b..."
"**ATTENTION BUY TO LET INVESTORS - OFFERED WITH TENANT IN SITU** This three bedroom semi detached home comes with tenants in situ. With off road parking, two bathrooms and good size rooms throughout along with been ideally situated close to local amenities, schools and transport links. "
"**THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED** **NO CHAIN** **OFF-STREET PARKING** HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to offer for sale this spacious three bedroom semi-detached property located in a popular residential location. The property benefits from off-street parking, good-sized gardens to front and re..."
"HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to offer to the market FOR SALE this well-presented THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME located on a quiet cul-de-sac in BD6, Bradford. With off-street parking for up to three cars, open-plan living/dining and within close proximity to local schools, we expect this ..."
"Exciting opportunity to purchase this Three Bedroom Mid Terraced family home located in Allerton. The property benefits from stunning far reaching views, gardens front and rear and excellent cellar and loft space with the potential to convert (STPP). Viewing is essential"
"No onward chain. Two bedroom link detached bungalow in a sort after location. The property offers huge potential to create further accommodation subject to planning and building regulations being obtained. The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hall with storage cupboard, spacious lounge/..."
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - CARYL ROAD A THREE-BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME LOCATED IN BD4 WELL-PRESENTED THROUGHOUT - MODERN KITCHEN WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES - THREE-PIECE BATHROOM SUITE - LOUNGE / DINER - LARGE REAR GARDEN - EXTENSION POSSIBILITIES - GARAGE & DRIVEWAY ...
"HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to offer to the market FOR SALE this well-presented TWO BEDROOM MID-TERRACE property set over three floors situated on a quiet cul-de-sac. With its two large double bedrooms, well-presented gardens and no onward sale chain, we expect this property to be popular with a w..."
Virtual Tour Online!! ** ENVIABLE PLOT POSITION ** NOT TO BE CONFUSED WITH SURROUNDING PROPERTIES ** Only upon internal inspection will this SPACIOUS GRADE II LISTED END TERRACED COTTAGE be fully appreciated!!
3 BEDROOM SEMI - DETACHED ** MODERN KITCHEN ** MODERN BATHROOM ** WELL PRESENTED ** DRIVEWAY & GARAGE ** CLOSE TO GOOD SCHOOLS ** uPVC DOUBLE GLAZED & GAS CENTRAL HEATING ** This is a well presented 3 bedroom semi - detached property with a modern kitchen & bathroom in a sought after loc...
"** FOUR BEDROOMS ** TWO BATHROOMS ** STONE THROUGH TERRACE ** DINING KITCHEN ** SELF CONTAINED BASEMENT FLAT ** GARDEN/PARKING ** Beautiful terrace home offering spacious accommodation over four floors, with four bedrooms, modern fixture and fittings throughout, plus a self contained fl..."
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - ESMOND STREET *** AN INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** THREE DOUBLE ROOMS ALL WITH ENSUITE SHOWER ROOMS - EMERGENCY LIGHTING - FULL FIRE ALARM SYSTEM HARD WIRED TESTED EVERY 6 MONTHS - FIRE EXTINGUISHERS SERVICED ONCE A YEAR - PEST CONTROL EVERY 3 MONTHS ...
"A piece of land to the rear of 81 Oakleigh Road, Clayton. The site is surrounded by residential properties and has planning permission for a four bedroom detached house, the foundations having been fully installed Planning number for the land 11/04569 and the building regulation applica..."
"GUIDE PRICE £150,000 - £155,000. FAMILY SIZED, THREE BEDROOM semi detached house offered at a REALISTIC ASKING PRICE. Ideally located for the local schools and Low Moor Station which are within walking distance and overlooking Victoria Park, it makes a great family home. Priced..."
"Beautifully presented three bed mid terrace set back in a quiet courtyard. This property is modern throughout yet still provides a cosy cottage feel upon entering. Located just a short walk from Eccleshill town centre, this property benefits from a multitude of amenities and transport links withi..."
"***FOR SALE BY AUCTION. VARIOUS BIDDING OPTIONS AVAILABLE: ONLINE, TELEPHONE, PROXY OR IN PERSON AT THE GRAND CONNAUGHT ROOMS, GREAT QUEEN STREET, 61-65, COVENT GARDEN, LONDON, WC2B 5DA ***13th March 2023***9.30 am START***CONTACT THE AUCTIONEERS TO REGISTER YOUR INTEREST ***GUIDE PRICE £150,000***"
"Enjoying an enviable corner plot and in a great position for commuting into both Leeds and Bradford city centres, this modern three bedroom semi detached property offers ready to move into accommodation, ideal for first time buyers and young families alike. With contemporary dining kitchen, gues..."
"FOR SALE BY MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION WITH ADVANCED PROPERTY AUCTION | STARTING BIDS £150,000 FEES APPLY | SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME | THREE GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS | SEMI-DETACHED | KITCHEN & UTILITY | DOWNSTAIRS CLOAK W.C. | PARKING & GARAGE | LARGE PRIVATE REAR GARDEN | GOOD LOCAL SCHOOLS | POTENTAIL T..."
"Righthaus are pleased to offer this ** 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED ** property in Buttershaw. Well presented and benefiting from a TWO RECEPTION ROOMS & LARGER ORNER PLOT, this property would be ideal for any FIRST TIME BUYER or FAMILY."
"A delightful, modern two-bedroom terrace in a popular residential area of Bradford. This is sure to appeal to first time buyers and investors, with its open plan living space, so be sure to book your viewing early. The property itself is very well equipped with off street parking, downstairs w/c,..."
"| NO CHAIN SALE | GREAT OPPORTUNITY! Pleasant Idle location, minutes from amenities, SCHOOLS & with easy access to both Leeds & Bradford centres. Apperley Bridge TRAIN ST., a short drive away. Ideal 1st home or investment, currently achieving £650 pcm & tenanted with scope, once..."
"A superb area of land with outline planning for 2 x 4 bedroom detached homes. Totally over 8000 sq ft, this plot will be in high demand. Situated at the top of this popular cul de sac, the plot is ideally located to the local school and local amenities Please see the plans online and you..."
"**A fantastic opportunity to acquire this very well presented, three-bedroom semi-detached property which must be viewed to appreciate ** Purplebricks are pleased to offer to the market, this lovely new build property which is ideal for a first-time buyer or a growing family. With a good size m..."
This attractive 3-bedroom home is not one to miss out on. This is a very desired location with easy access to plenty of local shops and amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive and beautifully proportioned propert...
"For sale by online auction starting on Tuesday 28th February 2023, bidding will be on the Auction Agent website. A spacious commercial/industrial unit currently let at £1,400 pcm. The unit consists of approximately 1,200 sq. ft of floor space and approximately 1,250 sq. ft of external parki..."
"A perfect opportunity to purchase this well-presented 2-bedroom home which is ideally located close to local schools, amenities, and transport links. The home is situated on a quiet residential street and has its own allocated parking. The living room overlooks the garden and provides a fan..."
"An ideal family home or investment opportunity with this 4-bedroom property. Perfectly located within easy reach of local amenities and transport links. The home has a spacious layout over 3 floors with a living room, kitchen diner, 4 well-sized bedrooms and a family bathroom suite. Ther..."
"Ideal first time buy or investment. Spacious three bedroom semi-detached house. The property is well placed for local schools, amenities and transport links and early viewing is strongly recommended. The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hall, ground floor WC, spacious lounge, kitchen/di..."
"*SOLD WITH TENANT-IN-SITU on a periodic tenancy* Three Bedroom Semi-Detached property within easy commute for M62/M1 motorway links and short commute to Bradford City Centre. Benefitting from; Off Street parking, enclosed garden and a popular residential area! Viewing is essential"
"Righthaus are proud to offer this**NEWLY RENOVATED ** END TERRACED** property located in **GREAT HORTON** The home on offer would be ideal for a **FIRST TIME BUYER OR EXTENDED FAMILY**. Benefitting from MODERN KITCHEN, 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS, CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES & SIDE GARDEN."
Virtual Tour Online!! ** SPACIOUS TERRACE ** VERY POPULAR LOCATION ** Three bedroom mid through terraced property offering spacious accommodation and having double glazing and gas central heating.
** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN *** LARGER THAN EXPECTED GARDENS TO REAR ** DETACHED GARAGE ** Situated within this well regarded area of Oakenshaw is this period style INNER THROUGH TERRACED that offers an ideal property for First Time Buyers/Young family. Briefly comprising: entrance porch leading thr...
"Righthaus are pleased to offer this 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED property with ENVIABLE CORNER PLOT which is prime for EXTENSION. This well presented home benefits from 3 BEDROOMS, DINING KITCHEN, A FAMILY BATHROOM, and DOUBLE GLAZING and GAS CENTRAL HEATING throughout."
"** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN ** LARGE PLOT ** PLENTY OF POTENTIONAL ** Traditional style of SEMI DETACHED offering THREE BEDROOM accommodation, further enhanced with family bathroom, lounge opening through to dining kitchen and side porch. Having been recently decorated throughout plus replacement bo..."
** END OF TERRACE ** MODERN KITCHEN ** 2 BEDROOMS ** WALKING DISTANCE TO SAINSBURY'S ** READY TO MOVE INTO ** WELL PRESENTED **GAS CENTRAL HEATING & uPVC DOUBLE GLAZING ** OFF ROAD PARKING ** Ideal first time buy being sold with no onward chain. Well presented two bedroom end terrace hou...
"A GROUND floor TWO bedroomed apartment with INTEGRATED FRIDGE/FREEZER, DISHWASHER and WASHER DRYER. The apartment has DOUBLE GLAZING and ELECTRIC HEATING.ALLOCATED parking and a CONCIERGE is also on-site.The property is ACCESSIBLE to Leeds/Bradford via HARROGATE ROAD and RETAIL PARKS.EPC rating 'C'."
"A most appealing and spacious apartment forming part of this sympathetic and attractive conversion. Situated close to the newly formed Apperley Bridge train station the property is perfect for commuters and benefits from two double bedrooms, charming features and an ensuite to the master. Sure to..."
"***Investor only*** A fantastic development with a very high specification offers open plan living, kitchen, residents parking and a balcony. This development suits all kinds of investors and not just buyers with a smaller deposit. Perfect for an investor looking for a safe and hands of..."
"A beautifully presented 3-bed mid-terrace home in Bradford. Set over 2 floors, the home provides ample space and is ideal for couples, families and 1st time buyers.  The entrance to the home is into the lounge, which has windows to the front and rear. The kitchen is a good size and has..."
"An exciting opportunity to acquire a three-bedroom semi-detached property situated in a sought-after location in Queensbury. Benefiting from a private driveway, garage a large garden."
* * CALL SUGDENS TO BE THE FIRST TO VIEW * * * * SEMI DETACHED * * THREE BEDROOMS * * IN NEED OF MODERNISATION & REPAIR * * * * SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION * * NO CHAIN * * GARDENS & GARAGE * * Available with vacant possession is this three bedroom semi detached house. Bene...
"*** NEW INSTRUCTION, MUST BE VIEWED *** TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK! LOVELY 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY - IDEAL FOR YOUNG / GROWING FAMILIES, NOT TO BE MISSED, spacious accommodation, gas central heating / double glazing, modern breakfast kitchen, livin..."
** THREE BEDROOM END TOWNHOUSE ** VAST POTENTIAL ** ENVIABLE PLOT POSITION ** EXTENSION AND CONVERSION POSSIBILITIES (Has expired planning from 2006 for construction of two storey extension to side of property.)
"Offered to the market with ready to move into accommodation is this well presented three bedroom town house property. This property is situated in a popular residential. Guide Price £145,000-£155,000."
"NO CHAIN - Popular style of SEMI-DETACHED in this much sought after locality. Currently providing THREE BEDROOM accommodation further enhanced by a good size paved rear garden, uPVC DG and being well placed for many local amenities including shops, schools and transport links to Bradford and Hali..."
"RETIREMENT PROPERTY: 1st Floor 1 BEDROOMED APARTMENT, forming part of this sought after retirement development. EXCLUSIVE FOR OVER 55's. Situated in the heart of Birkenshaw village within walking distance of the local amenities. The apartment benefits from double glazing, central heating, se..."
"EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED - Close to Laisterdyke Academy - Small cul-de-sac. Currently providing THREE BEDROOM, TWO RECEPTION accommodation which is further enhanced by OFF ROAD PARKING and good size PERMANENT STORE BUILDING. Handy for many local amenities and for travel to both Leeds and Bradfor..."
"William H Brown are delighted to offer for sale this SUPERB, TWO BEDROOM, SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY situated in BD4. This property offers a DRIVEWAY for OFF-STREET PARKING with a lawned area to the front and to the rear a FAMILY-SIZED REAR GARDEN with DECKING area."
"***ATTENTION FIRST TIME BUYERS**** Coubrough Holmes are delighted to offer to the market this well-appointed, two-bedroom, back-to-back terrace house. The living accommodation is set over four floors allowing for spacious rooms throughout. Situated in a sought-after location. Excellent motor..."
Three bed semi close to motorway and City centre.
Semi detached close to City centre and motorways.
Three bed semi-detached close to motorway links and City centre
A great starter home for a young family. close to good schools and shopping facilities. Excellent transport links.
"ATTENTION FIRST TIME BUYERS!! Well presented and maintained modern three bedroom semi detached property,still falling within its ten year NHBC warranty period. Property benefits from off road parking and will make an ideal family home."
"We are pleased to offer for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN this end terraced two bedroomed town house ideal for the First Time Buyer or Investor with uPVC double glazing and gas fired central heating. Situated with access to local amenities, M62 motorway network and local schools. The accommodation co..."
"This semi-detached home is in a BUSY LOCATION offers an array of shops including supermarkets, health centres, garden centres restaurants and banks within CLOSE PROXIMITY. Also only a few miles from the large RETAIL ESTATES and motorway networks whilst being situated in the middle of bus routes t..."
"** GUIDE PRICE 120,000 to £130,000 ** END TOWN HOUSE WITH SCOPE ** Situated within this popular residential area of Little Horton BD5 is this good size end town house with attached garage that has been utilised into an additional living space. The property briefly comprises: lounge, good si..."
"UNEXPECTEDLEY RE OFFERED: Modern TOWN HOUSE, built in 2019. Offer contempary living over 3 floors. Providing 2 BEDROOMS & situated in the heart of Birkenshaw Village, we feel the properties would make an ideal purchase for First Time Buyers. The accommodation comprises: Ground Flo..."
"For sale by Modern Method of Auction Starting Bid £140,000, plus Reservation Fee. A two bedroom detached property in need of some updating. Two reception rooms to the ground floor with seperate kitchen. Two bedrooms to the first floor with occasion room and four piece bathroom. Energy Rating: E"
"Deceptively spacious four bedroom, two reception room, two bathroom rear terrace property. Well presented throughout, would be an ideal purchase for a first time buyer."
"Strike is delighted to bring to market this lovely four bedroom family home which is situated in a sought after area, close to local ammenities and public transport links. This home is sure to appeal to families of all sizes. Arranged over two floors, the property briefly consists of: Groun..."
Modern Mid Town House | Two Double Bedroom | Contemporary Kitchen | Double Glazed & Gas Central Heated | Popular Location | Generous Bathroom | Gardens To Front & Rear | Parking | Close to local amenities and good local schools this well presented home Ideal for the first time buyer or investor....
"HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to offer to the market FOR SALE this THREE BEDROOM TERRACE PROPERTY located in the popular residential village of Wrose, Bradford. With its open-plan living/dining rooms, close proximity to local schools and gardens front and back, we expect this property to be popular ..."
"For sale on 30 March 2023 The National Property Auction will be broadcast live on our website and open to remote bidding online, on the phone and by proxy. Registration for bidding will close at 5pm the day before the auction. The auction will commence at 10:00."
"** LARGE PERIOD STYLE INNER TERRACED HOUSE ** * OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN ** VIEWING IS HIGHLY ADVISED for this LARGER STYLE OF TERRACE. Currently providing THREE BEDROOM, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS there is plenty of scope for further living accommodation within the Attic and basement rooms (subject to rel..."
"Guide Price £140,000 - £150,000. THREE BEDROOM stone built DETACHED. Available with NO CHAIN or as an INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY with sitting tenants paying £400.00 P/M."
"This property presents an excellent opportunity for first time buyer and investors. A deceptively spacious, three bedroom, purpose built apartment is sure to be popular as it has off street parking and a garage. The property is a well thought out modern, flexible space. Viewing is highly recomended."
"Pantera Property offer to the market a three bedroom, three-storey townhouse. The property provides a driveway and a generous rear garden. The property is well-presented but offers room for modernisation."
"A perfect opportunity to purchase this well presented character home which benefits from a spacious accommodation over 3 floors. The property is ideally located, being tucked away on a quiet residential street and within easy reach of local schools and amenities. The open-plan living space ..."
Spacious Through Terrace | Three Bedrooms | Two Bathrooms | Kitchen Diner | Period Features | Drive With Garage/Out Building | Hugh Loft Space | Ideal first time buy or investment being sold with no onward chain. Spacious three bedroom through terraced house in a sought after location. Situated w...
"Movenowproperties are pleased to offer this refurbished 2 double bedroom end terrace property for sale. Having new kitchen, bathroom, electrics, plastering and floorings throughout this lovely property is available with no chain."
Offered to the market is this two bedroom bungalow with off street parking. Located in a popular residential area close to local schools and amenities with great transport links. Property is sold as seen.
"VACANT PROPERTY FREEHOLD We are delighted to offer to the market this pleasant 1-bedroom terrace house on Crag Hill Road, Bradford. The property offers a well-adapted layout, offering spacious and comfortable accommodation supporting a wide array of individual ..."
"A spacious 2-bed semi-detached home in a prime location of  Bradford, that is well presented and ready to move into. The home is set over 2 floors and comprises a lounge, dining room and kitchen downstairs. The kitchen has a skylight and plenty of wall and base units. Access to the r..."
LOOKING TO BUY A FAMILY HOME IN HEATON? ENQUIRE ONLINE TODAY!
*** IMPRESSIVE GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT *** TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** STYLISH TILED BATHROOM *** POPULAR RESIDENTIAL DEVELOPMENT *** VACANT POSSESSION & NO ONWARD CHAIN ***
A well presented and well proportioned stone built two double bedroom semi-detached property with accommodation arranged over three floors including off road parking and garden situated in this much sought after location.
"***** THREE BEDROOM TERRACE HOUSE - LIVING ACCOMMODATION SET OVER THREE FLOORS - LOUNGE & DINING KITCHEN - GARDENS FRONT & REAR - NO CHAIN ****** This property has gas central heating and PVCu double glazing and comprises: entrance vestibule, lounge, fitted kitchen, landing, two first ..."
* END TOWN HOUSE * THREE BEDROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * NO ONWARD CHAIN * * GARDENS TO THREE SIDES * GARAGE * POPULAR LOCATION * SOME MODERNISATION REQUIRED * A fantastic opportunity for either first time buyer or young family to purchase this three bedroom end town house. Ben...
LOOKING FOR A GREAT LOCATION? This is semi rural and situated on a small residential cul de sac. ENQUIRE ONLINE TODAY. 
"A spacious, well presented first floor apartment offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Situated within a gated development close to the centre of Birkenshaw which offers ample local amenities and great transport links with easy motorway access."
"A 545 SQ FT ONE bedroomed MEZZANINE, DUPLEX, PENTHOUSE apartment with DOUBLE GLAZING and ELECTRIC HEATING.The property has INTEGRATD appliances, has SKY provision and COAXIAL/CAT 5 provision to each room. The dwelling has ALLOCATED PARKING and OPEN VIEWS of the SKYLINE.Energy Rating 'E'."
"Hunters Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this 3 bedroom semi detached family home. Well situated for for local amenities including shops, schools and transport links. Shipley and Frizinghall Train Stations are located within circa 0.5 miles giving access to Bradford and Leeds ..."
"Immaculate ground floor apartment offered for sale with NO CHAIN. Briefly comprises: Communal entrance with intercom system, entrance hall, lounge with dining area/study, kitchen, two double bedrooms and a Jack and Jill bathroom. Parking in a secure parking area under the apartments and a small b..."
"For sale by Modern Method of Auction Starting Bid Price £135,000, plus Reservation Fee ** VIEWING AND SITE VISITS ARE STRICTLY BY APPOINTMENT WITH ROBERT WATTS ESTATE AGENTS *** LAND TO THE REAR *** Formerly a Horticultural Nursery to the rear of this SPACIOUS END TOWN HOUSE which allo..."
"Spacious three bed end terrace situated in the popular residential town of Wrose, Close to local schools, amenities and transport links. This property is ideal for first time buyers and investors alike. Viewing is highly recommended to appreciate what this property has to offer. "
"NO CHAIN – End town house currently providing THREE BEDROOM accommodation. Of likely appeal to a variety of buyers, especially those looking to add their own mark. Forming part of this keenly sought after part of BD2. This popular style of property is further enhanced by DRIVE , GARAGE (res..."
*** For Sale by Modern Auction **VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE** Righthaus are proud to offer ****VERY WELL PRESENTED ****4 BEDROOM****LARGE RECEPTION ROOM****UPSIZE DOWN SEMI- DETACHED**** property situated in the popular residential location of GREAT HORTON ROAD. The property benefits from 4 BEDROO...
"We are pleased to offer for sale this two-bedroomed, well-presented family home located within a residential development. This property is well presented throughout, offers ready-to-move into accommodation, and enjoys an enviable cul-de-sac position, which will be of special interest to FTBs/ you..."
"END TOWN HOUSE – Generously sized – THREE BEDROOMS – GARAGE – UNDER HOUSE STORE – Forming part of this ever popular location offering access to local schools, the ring road, handy for Frizinghall train station along with ALDI & COSTA. Contact Robert Watts to arr..."
***Investor only*** This high spec new development is completing in 2024 and offers a flexible payment plan for investors where you can invest with an initial 5% deposit. This development makes a perfect buy to let investment. The development is situated in a prime location for capital g...
"Strike is delighted to bring to market this lovely three bedroom family home which is situated in a sought after area, close to local ammenities and public transport links. This home is sure to appeal to families, first time buyers, couples and investors alike. Arranged over three floors, the ..."
"** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN ** LOVELY FIRST TIME PURCHASE/YOUNG FAMILY HOME ** Situated within this popular residential area just off Moore Avenue, BD6 is this traditional SEMI DETACHED. Briefly comprising: Entrance porch leading to hallway, lounge, dining kitchen and CONSERVATORY. TWO DOUBLE BEDROO..."
"Modern stone built semi set in a prominent cul de sac location in Thornton Village. Stone built, to sympathetically reflect the surrounding, historical properties, this two bedroom semi detached is an ideal starter home or perfect for downsizers. Property is offered with no chain."
"A three bedroom semi-detached house offering spacious accommodation as well as generous outside space. Appealing to both first time buyers and growing families alike. Briefly comprising of a living room, kitchen/diner, downstairs WC, three bedrooms and a family bathroom. The property is close to ..."
"Well-presented TWO BEDROOM semi-detached. Of likely appeal to a variety of buyers this fine example is further enhanced by: OFF ROAD PARKING , GOOD SIZE REAR GARDEN and a MULTI-PURPOSE LEAN-TO. Forming part of this ever popular location, handy for local amenities and offers access to the City Cen..."
"NO CHAIN - Two Bedroom Character Cottage which forms part of a barn conversation in a gated courtyard setting. Briefly comprises: Dining kitchen, lounge, two double bedrooms and bathroom. "
"* SEMI DETACHED * TWO BEDROOMS * NO ONWARD CHAIN * * GARDENS & GARAGE * IDEAL STARTER HOME * A fantastic opportunity for a first time buyer to purchase this two bedroom semi detached house. Available with no onward chain and benefits from gas central heating, double glazing and a..."
"Spacious 2-bed semi-detached home in Bradford. On entrance to the home, there is a spacious lounge and good size kitchen, There is also a good sized hallway and downstairs w/c. Upstairs there is the main bathroom and 2 double bedrooms, with large windows allowing natural light.  ..."
"** THORNTON MILLS DEVELOPMENT ** SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM MID TOWN HOUSE ** SET ACROSS THREE FLOORS ** WELL APPOINTED ACCOMMODATION ** CHARACTER FEATURES ** This superb new development in Thornton offers a range of stunning 2, 3, 4 and 5 bedroom properties that benefit from high ceilings a quality fi..."
"** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN ** FANSTASTIC FIRST TIME BUY ** Situated within this increasingly sought after village of Shelf, HX3 is this lovely TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM THROUGH TERRACED property. Offering spacious lounge, dining kitchen, modern bathroom and useful basement the property benefits further fr..."
"Three bedroom semi detached situated in this popular location close to local amenities & commuting links including station Having exceptional garden space the property offers huge potential & has central heating & double glazing. The property updating, has off road parking & garage Read..."
"** INVESTORS ONLY** Tenant insitu currently rental of £620 pcm. SPACIOUS, BRIGHT & AIRY, THREE bedroom terrace sited over THREE floors Outside there's a shared courtyard to the front."
"** FOR SALE BY MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION WITH ADVANCED PROPERTY AUCTION ** STARTING BIDS £130,000 ** FEES APPLY ** 3 BEDROOMS ** 2 RECEPTION ROOMS ** SEMI - DETACHED ** AMPLE PARKING ** IN NEED OF MODERNISATION ** This is a 3 bedroom semi - detached property which has 2 reception rooms, ..."
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - AIREDALE ROAD - A THREE BEDROOM END TERRACE INVESTORS / FIRST TIME BUYERS - CURRENTLY TENANTED AT £550 PER MONTH ON A ROLLING CONTRACT - CAN BE OFFERED WITH VACANT POSSESSION.. PART DOUBLE GLAZED - CENTRAL HEATING GROUND FLOOR Enter ...
"For sale by Modern Method of Auction Starting Bid Price £130,000 plus Reservation fee. NO CHAIN – Occupying an ENVIABLE CUL-DE-SAC PLOT - THREE BEDROOM, TWO RECEPTION ROOM SEMI-DETACHED in need of some improvements. An ideal opportunity here for new owners to make their ow..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - Perfect for Investors or First Time Buyers - This Three Bedroom Semi Detached home is well presented throughout & offers very good living accommodation & also boasts a lovely enclosed rear garden. The property comprises of: Living Room, Kitchen Dining Room, Downstairs Shower R..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this FAMILY SIZED, three bedroom semi detached home located in this popular location. Ideally situated for the local amenities and schools of Wyke as well as offering easy access to Bradford, Halifax and the M62. Offered with NO CHAIN it comprises lounge, dining k..."
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - CHRISHARBEN COURT - *** NO CHAIN *** A TWO-BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR WELL-PRESENTED DUPLEX APARTMENT DUPLEX APARTMENT - TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS - BEDROOM 1 EN-SUITE - MODERN FITTINGS THROUGHOUT - SECURE PARKING - SET ON GROUND FLOOR - VILLAGE LOCATION - COMMU...
"NO CHAIN – set back from the road. Within walking distance of Swain House Primary and Hanson Academy. Former Local Authority SEMI-DETACHED, currently providing THREE BEDROOM accommodation. Forming part of this keenly sought after locality offering access to many local amenities (including ..."
A very well presented two double bedroom modern inner town house located in this sought after residential location within the popular district of Heaton.
"Well presented Semi Detached, forming part of this popular development. Occupies a good plot position, with lovely, landscaped rear garden and parking. A detailed viewing is essential to appreciate. The accommodation comprises: Entrance Hall, Lounge, WC, Kitchen, 2 Bedrooms & Bath..."
RENOVATION CHALLENGE!!!!!!! Offered to the market is this THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED property situated in established residential area. This property provides IDEAL FAMILY ACCOMMODATION and is REALISTICALLY PRICED FOR INVESTORS with a FULL RENOVATION NEEDED.
"Offered for sale with NO CHAIN is this well presented two bedroomed terraced property, ideal for first time buyers or investors. Briefly comprises: Entrance hall, lounge, kitchen,basement rooms, two good sized bedrooms and bathroom. Small garden area to the front and access to a pleasant communal..."
"NO CHAIN ex local authority semi-detached, currently providing THREE BEDROOM accommodation. Currently let at £550 per month. Ever popular location, offering access to LEEDS (Pudsey) and BRADFORD. Handy for many local amenities. A detailed inspection is essential to fully appreciate. Contac..."
A spacious and well presented three bedroom semi detached family home with gardens and off road parking located in the popular suburb of Allerton.
"** MODERN END TOWN HOUSE ** CUL DE SAC LOCATION ** Viewing is strongly advised for this modern end town house offering TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM accommodation further enhanced with good size lounge, dining kitchen, larger than average gardens, GCH DG and parking. We feel this will appeal to FIRST TIME B..."
"HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to offer to the market FOR SALE this FOUR BEDROOM TERRACE FAMILY HOME located in BD10, Bradford. With scope to modernise, a large garden to the rear and four good-sized bedrooms, we expect this property to be popular with family buyers looking for a property in the loca..."
"** TWO/THREE BEDROOM BUNGALOW ** OVER 55'S DEVELOPMENT ** UNDERFLOOR HEATING ** CONSERVATORY ** WOODLAND OUTLOOK ** This surprisingly spacious end terrace bungalow sits on a private, gated development in Allerton and benefits from a conservatory, 19' lounge and open plan kitchen, and two bathrooms!"
"A recently fully refurbished modern semi-detached/townhouse property situated close to local amenities and commuting links including Low Moor Railway Station.  Consisting of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, two bedrooms, bathroom, fully fenced garden and off-road driveway parking for two cars..."
"TOO GOOD TO BE TRUE, NO WORK FOR YOU! ENQUIRE ONLINE TODAY!"
"Offered to the market with NO FORWARD CHAIN is this THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED property which is located in BD4. The property has been recently updated and has central heating, uPVC double glazing, new carpets on the first floor & flooring in the kitchen diner. Externally ther..."
"Virtual Tour Online!! Delightful two bedroom semi-detached property benefitting from off street parking , suiting a multitude of buyers including buy to let investors and first time buyers. *Available with NO ONWARD CHAIN*"
"Conditioning House is an award-winning mixed-use development comprising 152 luxurious ‘New York Loft’ style apartments including grade A office space, gymnasium and café, all housed within a truly landmark Victorian woollen mill. "
"Offered to the market is this three bedroom end terrace property situated in popular residential location and close to amenities. Ideal for FIRST TIME BUYERS. Guide Price £125,000-£135,000 ."
"4 BEDROOMS: Do not miss this well presented 4 Bedroomed Town House, providing family sized living accommodation. Occupies a cul de sac position and located on the fringe of the estate. The accommodation comprises; Hallway, Lounge, Dining Kitchen, Rear Hall, 4 Bedrooms & Bathroom."
"This 3 bedroom semi detached property is an ideal family home. A good size lounge and dining room. The kitchen has room for washing machine there is a gas cooker. Master bedroom is a double with wardrobe space, the second bedroom is a double and the third is a small double. The family bathroo..."
"FOR SALE BY MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION. STARTING BID £125,000+ RESERVATION FEE: In need overall updating , Semi Detached Bungalow, situated in this ever popular location. Provides 2 Bedrooms. Benefits include Central Heating, uPVC DG, Garage & Gardens. The accommodation compr..."
"We are pleased to present this two-bedroom mid terrace property located in Bradford. The property consists of – Kitchen/Lounge, Conservatory Two bedrooms and a Shower Room. This property offers well-proportioned accommodation arranged over two floors and is situated close to Sou..."
"NO CHAIN: 1st FLOOR APARTMENT, forming part of this ever popular development. With 2 Bedrooms with En-Suite. Centrally located in the heart of Birkenshaw Village. Must be viewed to fully appreciate. The accommodation comprises: Communal Lobby, Internal Hall, Lounge, Kitchen Area, 2 ..."
"ATTENTION INVESTOR LANDLORDS: The property is to be sold with tenant in situ and the rent payable will be £595PCM. Lovely Through By Light Terrace (1 of 3), provides 2 Bedrooms. Offers modern contemporary accommodation and is well presented throughout. Situated in the heart of Birkenshaw V..."
*** Available with NO ONWARD CHAIN *** is this Two-bedroom mid-town house. Recently modernised throughout and newly carpeted *** would make an ideal purchase for a first-time buyer/investor. Unique position as only one of three properties where the front garden extends to the road. The only o...
"A perfect opportunity to purchase this lovely terraced cottage which has character features and garden space to the front and rear The home is well presented throughout and ideally situated within walking distance of local amenities and transport links in this much sought after location, ..."
End Stone Cottage | Three Bedrooms | Fully Refurbished | New Wiring & Heating | Private Rear Garden | Good Local Schools & Close To Amenities. Ideal first time buy or investment property being sold with no onward chain. Well presented two bedroom end through terrace in sought after locat...
"** WELL PRESENTED CHALET STYLE SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW, TWO BEDROOMS & DRESSING ROOM, FOR VTHE OVER 55's, OPEN PLAN LOUNGE & KITCHEN, FRONT GARDEN, REAR PATIO, AWAITING EPC **"
"Offered to the market is this three bedroom dormer bungalow with useful occasional room. Property is in need of modernisation throughout. Set in a generous plot, the property offers vast scope to extend, subject to planning permissions."
"NO CHAIN: Well presented END THROUGH BY LIGHT TERRACE. Situated in sought after area, close to both Leeds and Bradford. Ideal purchase for either OWNER OCCUPIER or BUY TO LET INVESTOR. Has been successfully rented for many years. Provides 1 DOUBLE BEDROOM, but could make it 2 bedrooms. NOT TO BE ..."
"A fantastic opportunity for the first-time buyer/s to purchase an immaculate two-bedroom mid-terrace property, benefiting from a garden timber cabin which would be ideal if you require a home office, there is power to the cabin, and it is fully insulated. An early viewing is fully recommended."
"*** CASH BUYERS ONLY*** !! WOW !!! A spectacular property not to be missed!!!This NEW SYMPATHETICALLY RENOVATED FLAT offers 1 BEDROOM, with a WALK IN WARDROBE, BUILT IN SAMSUNG TELEVISIONS AND SOUND BAR. The property on offer boasts DESIGNER LIGHTING, UNDERFLOOR HEATING and PARQUET STYLE FLOORING..."
"A carefully restored GradeII listed landmark, the iconic address brings luxury apartments to the city centre...WELCOME TO CONDITIONING HOUSE! This new development provides spacious and luxurious apartments, and we think you will love this stunning, spacious, 75sqm apartment 2 bedroom a..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this attractive end terrace. The property benefits from double glazing, central heating and briefly comprises of kitchen, lounge, two bedrooms, shower room, drive, garage and garden. An internal viewing is advised to fully appreciate the property on o..."
 A fantastic opportunity to purchase this deceptively spacious 2 bedroom home which has a flexible layout over 3 floors and offers a much bigger living space then many 2 bedroom homes. The property features a large and secure rear garden which extends towards Wibsey park and the views beyon...
"Virtual Tour Online!! IMMACULATE, TWO BEDROOM MODERN APARTMENT. Occupying one of the most sought after apartment complexes in Thackley and providing immaculate and ready to move into accommodation. "
"A perfect opportunity to purchase this 3-bedroom home, which has a gated driveway to the front and a large rear garden. There is a light and spacious living room as well as a kitchen diner with ample worksurface and storage space.  The entrance hall leads upstairs where there are 2 dou..."
"** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN ** TASTEFULLY DECORATED THROUGHOUT ** IDEAL FIRST TIME PURCHASE/YOUNG FAMILY HOME ** Viewing is strongly advised for this MODERN INNER TOWN HOUSE situated within this increasingly sought after cul de sac within the Wibsey, BD6 area. Briefly comprising: entrance hall with ..."
"An Exclusive development of one and two bedroom high quality apartments offering stylish living accommodation forming part of this iconic Grade two listed building delightfully situated in a popular residential location. by Knight Knox Ltd Prices from £105,000"
"** YORKSHIRE STONE TERRACE ** 2 BEDROOMS ** SPACIOUS LOUNGE ** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** BEAUTIFUL ORIGINAL FEATURES ** PARKING & GARDEN ** QUIET CUL-DE-SAC ** CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES ** COUNCIL TAX BAND A ** CELLAR STORAGE ** WW Estates are pleased to offer for sale this two bedroom period, t..."
"Offered to the market is this grade II listed end terrace cottage. Property retains a wealth of original and period features, piece of land to the side on separate title is included in the sale of the house."
"Available with no onward chain is this two-bedroom semi-detached bungalow in a prime location in Bradford.  The home benefits from a hallway leading to all rooms, a lounge, 2 double bedrooms kitchen, a shower room, gas central heating, and double glazing. To the outside, there are gard..."
"NO CHAIN - TRUE BUNGALOW offered with a 75% Equity Share on this popular modern development. Designed for over 55's only and situated in this popular residential location offering easy access to the bus routes and local amenities. Comprising two bedrooms, kitchen, lounge and bathroom with parki..."
"A stylish two-bedroom mid-terrace home, benefiting from modern fixtures and fittings throughout including a stylish feature media wall."
Characterful two bedroom GRADE II LISTED COTTAGE with a cosy feel. This property is for sale with NO FORWARD CHAIN and would ideally suit a first time buyer or investor. VIEWING IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
"*GUIDE PRICE £120,000 TO £125,000* *NO CHAIN * MANY RECENT DECORATIVE IMPROVEMENTS AND NEW ROOF * INNER THROUGH TERRACE currently providing THREE BEDROOM (all first floor) well-proportioned accommodation. This fine example is further enhanced by a pleasant small, enclosed garden..."
A Delightful three-bedroom mid-terrace property situated in the popular village of Clayton.
Stone Through Terraced Cottage | Three Bedrooms | Two Reception Rooms | Grade 2 Listed | Off Road Parking On Knights Fold | No Onward Chain. Ideal first time buy or investment property. Well presented and spacious Grade 2 Listed three bedroom stone through terraced cottage in sought afte...
"Strike is pleased to present this property in Bradford. Fantastic location, 5 minutes walk into the City Centre and many Primary/Secondary schools nearby. The property is sure to suit a wide range of buyers so act quick to avoid disappointment. Contact Strike today to arrange your viewing."
Well presented TWO BEDROOM through by light COTTAGE with pebbled GARDEN AREA to the front. The property is READY TO MOVE INTO & would ideally suit FIRST TIME BUYERS or DOWNSIZERS. Book a viewing today
"Two Bedroom Semi Detached Bungalow in this much sought after residential area, this truly delightful property is set within attractive mature gardens and benefits from driveway & Garage. Viewings on Saturday 11th March by Booked Appointment between 10.30am & 11.30am"
"* * SEMI DETACHED * * THREE BEDROOMS * * Biscayne Residential presents this large three bedroom semi detached property, which is ideally located for amenities, shops and first and secondary schools. The property would make an ideal purchase for a number of buyers, in particular FTB's ..."
* END TERRACE * TWO BEDROOMS * POPULAR LOCATION * EXTENDED * 20FT LOUNGE * * CLOSE TO AMENITIES * PATIO GARDEN * Situated in the heart of Clayton Village is this two bedroom end terrace property. Well presented throughout to offer ready to move into accommodation and of appeal to ...
* MODERN APARTMENT * TWO BEDROOMS * FIRST FLOOR * CLOSE TO AMENITIES * * ALLOCATED PARKING * OPEN PLAN LOUNGE/KITCHEN/DINER * EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOM * This purpose built two bedroom purpose built apartment is situated in a delightful cul-de-sac setting in the heart of Idle village. 
**INVESTORS ONLY** A brand new development coming soon! Offering modern living in Bradford comprising a luxury specification throughout. This makes the perfect investment property due to the high yield and capital growth potential. Please contact us for further information. ...
"** FANTASTIC STARTER HOME/BUY TO LET INVESTMENT ** CONVENIENT OF LOCALITIES ** Viewing is STRONGLY ADVISED for this END TERRACED HOUSE offering open plan living space to the ground floor, ONE BEDROOM PLUS OCCASSIONAL ROOM and bathroom to the first floor. Benefitting further from large gardens to ..."
"LAST FEW UNITS REMAINING! First Floor Unit, Lift Access, Central Location, 7.5% Return for Investors, Owner Occupiers Welcome, Fitted Kitchen with Integrated Appliances, Secure and Underground Parking Available, On-Site Bike Storage, Great Transport Links"
"* * MID TERRACE * * THREE BEDROOMS * * STONE BUILT * * * * MODERN LIGHT OAK FITTED KITCHEN * * THREE FLOORS * * REAR GARDEN * * This three bedroom mid terrace property would make an ideal purchase for a first time buyer, young family or investor. Within easy reach of amenities, shops an..."
"* THROUGH TERRACE * THREE BEDROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * * NO ONWARD CHAIN * CLOSE TO ECCLESHILL VILLAGE * An ideal starter home or investment property, is this stone built through terrace. Available with no onward chain and benefits from upvc double glazing. The good si..."
"FOR SALE BY SHARPES PROPERTY AUCTIONS, ONLINE TRADITIONAL AUCTION TO BE HELD ON THURSDAY 30TH MARCH 2023 AT 12PM. GUIDE PRICE; £115,000. Of possible interest to a variety of purchasers, this sizeable through terraced house offers accommodation arranged over three levels. With double glazed ..."
* REAR TERRACE * FOUR BEDROOMS * MODERNISED THROUGHOUT * NEW KITCHEN & BATHROOM * * NEWLY CARPETED/DECORATED * NO ONWARD CHAIN * VIEWING A MUST! * A fantastic opportunity for either first time buyer or growing family to purchase this four bedroom rear terrace. Renovated and mode...
"Offered to the market with NO FORWARD CHAIN is this THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED house situated in a CUL-DE-SAC location in BD4. Featuring well proportioned accommodation including an excellent sized kitchen/diner and three good sized bedrooms, externally there are gardens to the front and rear wi..."
"Looking for a project, then look no further. Sat on a really good plot is this three bedroom end terrace property offered with no onward chain. In need of works throughout."
"Situated in a convenient residential location within close proximity of transport links and a range of local amenities, this 3-bedroomed stone terrace is ideally located to cater for families and commuters alike. Internal viewing is highly recommended as this will appeal to a range of buy..."
 This a fantastic opportunity to purchase this  3-bedroom home which is beautifully presented throughout. The property benefits from a private gated driveway with gardens to the front and rear. Internally the living room is light and spacious and the kitchen diner has ample works...
"Yopa is delighted to bring to the market this 4 bedroomed property, situated in BD5 area of Bradford. The property is well suited to families and property investors looking to add to their property portfolio."
"We are delighted to bring to the market, this stunning and spacious city apartment. This 3 bed, 2 bath, 1 reception room apartment is located in Bradfords bustling BD1 postcode, and Conditioning House is a centrally positioned development just 0.7 miles from Bradfords Broadway shopping..."
"An exciting INVESTMENT opportunity in Oakenshaw, available CHAIN FREE with TENANTS in situ for IMEMDIATE investment. Call to enquire! Bettermove are proud to welcome to the market this charming two bedroom ground floor flat in Oakenshaw, available with no forward chain.The p..."
"For sale by Modern Method of Auction Starting bid £110,000, plus Reservation Fee. An attractive two bedroom Grade II listed cottage located in a popular sought after spot. Externally the property enclosed gardens to the front and rear. Benefiting from gas central heating throughout.Energy Rating: C."
"* * THROUGH TERRACE * * FOUR BEDROOMS * * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * * * * NO ONWARD CHAIN * * FAMILY SIZED ACCOMODATION * * Providing family sized accommodation over three floors is this spacious stone built through terrace. Benefits both gas central heating, upvc double glazing and briefly..."
"Righthaus are proud to offer this charming single storey RECENTLY RENOVATED END COTTAGE, that would provide an ideal purchase for those looking to downsize. Having the benefit of having a KITCHEN EXTENSION, along with GARDEN, DRIVEWAY & GARAGE."
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - PLANETREES - A FOUR BEDROOM MID THROUGH TERRACE FIRST TIME BUYERS / INVESTORS - SET OVER FOUR FLOORS - THREE-PIECE BATHROOM SUITE - CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES - COUNCIL TAX BAND A - EPC RATING GRADE D GROUND FLOOR Enter the property into the lo...
"** ATTENTION BUY TO LET LANDLORDS ONLY ** LONG STANDING TENANT IN SITU PAYING £500/MONTH ** Well presented three bedroom back to back house in a sought after location being sold with tenants in situ. The property is located close to local amenities, further facilities in and around U..."
"This property is for sale by the Modern Method of Auction, meaning the buyer and seller are to Complete within 56 days (the ""Reservation Period""). Interested parties personal data will be shared with the Auctioneer (iamsold). Fantastic opportunity to purchase this two bedroom bungalow ..."
"Offered to the market with NO FORWARD CHAIN is this well presented THREE BEDROOM MID TERRACED house located in BD4 which is close to commuting links, shops and amenities. Sure to appeal to a range of buyers in particular FIRST TIME BUYERS and BUY TO LET INVESTORS. The property offers ready to mov..."
"Sold Via by Modern Method of Auction, Start Bid £110,000 A Beautifully Presented, NEWLY REFURBISHED Townhouse Offering Three Bedrooms With A Modern Kitchen Diner And Bathroom. Good sized garden to the front with a DRIVEWAY to the rear."
"LEASEHOLD (246 YEARS REMAINING) COUNCIL TAX BAND B We are delighted to offer to the market this stunning 2-bedroom flat on Conditioning House, Cape Street, Bradford offering no upward chain. The property offers a well-adapted layout, offering comfortable accommoda..."
NO ONWARD CHAIN*** ***STONE-BUILT THROUGH TERRACED*** ***PERFECT FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS*** BUY-TO-LET INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*** ***GENEROUS OUTSIDE SPACE*** ***WELL PRESENTED ACCOMMODATION***
* THROUGH TERRACE * THREE BEDROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * THREE FLOORS * * NO ONWARD CHAIN * A fantastic opportunity for either first time buyer or young family to purchase this stone built through terrace. Available with no onward chain and benefits from both gas central heati...
"** PERFECT FIRST TIME PURCHASE/YOUNG FAMILY HOME ** INNER THROUGH TERRACE currently providing 2/3 bedroom accommodation and forming part of this most convenient of locations which provides access to local amenities including primary schools, supermarkets and the motorway network - M606. Good size..."
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - TONG STREET ** WITH NO CHAIN *** A THREE BEDROOM MID THROUGH TERRACE - FIRST TIME BUYERS / INVESTORS - NEW KITCHEN & BATHROOM - RECENTLY INSTALLED GAS BOILER AND DOUBLE GLAZING - CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES - NEW CARPETS - NEWLY DECORATED THROUGHOUT - CO...
"WELL PRESENTED | TWO BEDROOMS | STONE BACK TO BACK TERRACE | POPULAR LOCATION | NO CHAIN | This property would make an ideal purchase for Investor or first time buyers offering spacious living accommodation presented to a high standard. The property is situated close for local amenities, schools ..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this third floor modern apartment. A spacious property, briefly comprising of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, two double bedrooms, bathroom, externally there is a garage and communal grounds. In a convenient location ideal for commuting."
"Converted in 2021, this apartment offers deceptively spacious living accommodation and offers an abundance of natural light throughout. Ideal for first time buyers or buy to let investors. Approx. £725-£750pcm. ***NO CHAIN***"
Modern One Bedroom Apartment Lounge & Fitted Kitchen Double glazing Integrated Appliances Electric Storage Heating Allocated Parking Space Close to Motorway Network and local amenities Ideal For A First Time Buyer 
A BEAUTIFUL WELL PRESENTED THROUGH BY LIGHT CHARACTER PROPERTY WITH MANY ORIGINAL FEATURES AND AN ABUNDANCE OF NATURAL CHARM! The property itself has recently had all external walls fully insulated and replastered / painted and is just a short walk to all the local amenities in Wyke village and...
"WDH are delighted to bring to the market a stunning collection of 3 & 4 bedroom semi­-detached and detached homes, all available with Shared Ownership. Purchase your dream home on the Herons Reach development built by Keepmoat. Buy a share as low as 40% and pay an affordable rent on the remainder. "
"House Sales Direct are delighted to present this 2 bedroom semi-detached property to the market in Bradford, perfect for a first-time buyer or investor. "
"THROUGH BY LIGHT TWO BEDROOM STONE BUILT END TERRACE benefiting from GARDENS to the front and side, GAS CENTRAL HEATING, UPVC DOUBLE GLAZING and STONE BUILT OUTSIDE STORAGE. Call now "
* END TERRACE * THREE BEDROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * THREE FLOORS * * CLOSE TO ECCLESHILL VILLAGE * NO ONWARD CHAIN * REAR GARDEN * A fantastic opportunity for wither first time buyer or investor to purchase this stone built end terrace. Available with no onward chain and bene...
Ideal for investors or someone looking for a project. In need of updating throughout and offered to cash buyers only. Three bedroom semi detached located in a popular location.
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED in a popular residential location. The property has off road parking to the front, large rear garden and benefits from gas central heating and double glazing."
"* CALL SUGDENS TO BE THE FIRST TO VIEW * * MODERN GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT * ONE BEDROOM * OPEN PLAN LOUNGE/KITCHEN * * ALLOCATED PARKING * MODERN FIXTURES & FITTINGS * CLOSE TO SHIPLEY TRAIN STATION * A fantastic opportunity for the first time buyer, investor or downsizer to purc..."
"OAKLEAF PROPERTIES are delighted to offer to the market this one bedroom ground floor apartment located on the popular development built by Skipton Properties. The property briefly comprises: secure communal entrance, open plan living room and dining kitchen with integrated cooker and hob, a dou..."
"WDH are delighted to bring to the market a selection of 3 & 4 bedroom semi­-detached and detached homes, all available with Shared Ownership. Purchase your dream home on the Woodlands View Development built by Keepmoat. Buy a share between 40 and 75% and pay an affordable rent on the remainder."
"WDH is delighted to bring to the market a stunning collection of three bedroom semi­ detached homes, all available with Shared Ownership. Purchase your dream home on the Vision development built by Keepmoat. Set off Harrogate Road the development has everything you need for easy convenient living. "
"The Bamburgh,is a stunning three bedroom family home, available with Shared Ownership. Purchase your dream home on the Vision development, built by Keepmoat, located in Bradford. Vision lies just off Harrogate Road. Everything you need for easy, convenient living is right here! "
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS – A STONE BUILT GRADE 2 LISTED - 2 BEDROOM HOME *** NO CHAIN *** - COTTAGE STYLE GARDEN - FIRST TIME BUYERS/INVESTORS - CHARACTER PROPERTY - WOODEN BEAMS - OPEN PLAN LOUNGE/KITCHEN - FLAGGED KITCHEN FLOOR - SEPARATE SHOWER ROOM - BEDROOM 2 WITH WINDOW SEAT - BED...
"***INVESTORS ONLY*** For sale with TENANT IN SITU and with NO ONWARD CHAIN making the perfect INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY is this two bedroom cottage. Located in Wibsey town centre offering a range of amenities with local shops, cafes and supermarkets as well as excellent transport links. EPC rating D."
Strike is pleased to present this property in Birkenshaw.
"Stone built back-to-back property (front) close to Idle Village and public transport links. Briefly comprises: Lounge, dining kitchen, two bedrooms, (2nd bedroom is a large attic room), bathroom. This property would be ideal for first time buyers and investors. Viewing is highly recommended. "
"****GUIDE PRICE £100,000 - £110,000**** NO CHAIN – Inner through terrace currently providing one double bedroom accommodation plus a multi-purpose attic room. Rest assured this fine example is larger than it first appears and offers clear potential to make TWO BEDROOMS. The..."
"Interesting opportunity to purchase this detached swimming pool building and associated grounds, of which planning permission has been granted for the conversion into a single storey dwelling. To be sold via the modern method of auction (terms apply)."
"UNBEATABLE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY YIELDING 7.2% NET! New York loft style apartment boasting plenty of living space, two bedrooms and two bathrooms in a sought after development."
** CHAIN FREE ** Two bedroom THROUGH BY LIGHT cottage with yard to the front. Ideal for FIRST TIME BUYER/ buy to let INVESTORS. Viewing highly recommended to avoid disappointment.
CASH BUYER INCENTIVE If you are a cash buyer and purchase this property we will instruct you with one of our panel of solicitors and pay their fee! Terms & Conditions apply - contact us for more information
"Three bedroom through terrace offered with no onward chain. Located in a sought after location and offering three good size bedrooms. Guide Price £100,000-£110,000."
"If you're looking for a lovely and massively extended home in a prime location, this three bedroom family home could be for you.  Benefits include Gas Central Heating, uPVC DG and Burglar Alarm. The accommodation comprises: Vestibule, Lounge, Dining Kitchen, 3 Bedrooms &am..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £100,000 to £110,000** Charming and characterful cottage - a short walk to the heart of Idle village. The compact one bedroom accommodation will appeal to a variety of buyers, especially those looking for their first step on the ladder or those looking to downsize...."
"NO CHAIN – In need of some updating – inner through terrace currently providing FOUR BEDROOM (two being attic) accommodation. Forming part of this most convenient of localities, walking distance (for most) to local amenities and handy for travel to both Bradford and Leeds (Pudsey). C..."
"Well presented TWO BEDROOM apartment located in Clayton Village with easy reach of local amenities. This is the ideal property for FIRST TIME BUYERS, INVESTORS & DOWN SIZERS. * BOOK A VIEWING TODAY *"
Offered with no onward chain and well presented throughout is this spacious three good size bedroom town house. Property is located in a popular residential area and is close to local schools and amenities. Would be ideal for a first time buyer or investor.
"***CASH BUYERS ONLY *** FOUR BEDROOMS *** FOUR BEDROOMS *** CASH BUYERS ONLY *** MUST VIEW!!! This deceptively spacious four bedroom terrace would make a superb purchase for a FTB/Young/Growing Family. Situated in the heart of Clayton Village which boasts amenities, schools and close to..."
"This TWO BEDROOM mid terrace through by light property is offered to the market with NO FORWARD CHAIN. Briefly comprising, Lounge with fire place and gas fire, FITTED KITCHEN with useful cellar, NEUTRAL DECORATION THROUGHOUT, modern fitted BATHROOM , two bedrooms and yard to the front. Ideal for ..."
"Grade II listed through by light cottage, tucked away in a back water location, accessed from Holroyd Hill. This property is a perfect starter home and it would also make an ideal rental investment."
"**TWO BEDROOM MID TERRACE ** Available with NO ONWARD CHAIN *** The property would make an excellent purchase for a number of buyers and offers spacious accommodation throughout. Ideally located for amenities, schools and motorway links to Bradford, Leeds and surrounding towns. Comprising: Entra..."
"Extremely spacious 4-bed terrace Well-placed accommodation is close to local amenities, such as shops and Morrisons supermarket. Walking distance to Bradford City Centre and Bradford University. Ideal property for a large or growing family. Consists of: large reception, leading to a  f..."
** STONE COTTAGE ** ONE BEDROOM ** MODREN OPEN PLAN LIVING ** FULLY REFURBISHED ** NEW KITCHEN ** DRY CELLAR ** POPULAR LOCATION** IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR BUY TO LET OPPORTUNITY** This quaint cottage has been recently refurbished! Well presented throughout with a modern kitchen & bathroo...
**READY-MADE BUY TO LET INVESTMENT**AVAILABLE WITH TENANT IN SITU**7.14% GROSS YIELD** Situated in a popular modern development which is conveniently located for transport links to the centres of Leeds and Bradford as well as being within close proximity of a range of amenities and leisure facili...
"Only by internal inspection can one truly appreciate this immaculate modern two bedroomed end terraced property with uPVC double glazing and gas fired central heating. Situated with access to local amenities, M62 motorway network and local schools. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, kitc..."
Offered to the market is this well presented TWO bedroom stone built cottage located pleasantly within Denholme. New Street is a no through road close to many local amenities including schools and shops. this home will suit a wide variety of buyers including first time buyers and investors alike.
**INVESTORS ONLY** Last Few Remaining Units! A brand new development coming soon! Offering modern living in Bradford comprising a luxury specification throughout. This makes the perfect investment property due to the high yield and capital growth potential. Please contact us for ...
"Looking to move to a countryside location but still want the buzz of a city. Herons Reach will certainly be the place for you. Plot 257 the Hexham is a great famlly home. For sale with shared ownership, purchase a 40% to 75% share and pay an affordable rent on the remaining share. "
"** FANTASTIC OPPOERTUNITY TO STEPPING ON TO THE PROPERTY LADDER *** STEP INSIDE this tasteful decorated doubled fronted terraced house of which the current owners have made vast improvements over recent weeks to include: NEW KITCHEN AND BATHROOM, DECORATION AND NEWLY LAID FLOORING THROUGHOUT allo..."
"** TWO BEDROOM MID-TERRACE ** BACK TO BACK ** MODERN FITTED KITCHEN ** LARGE GARDEN ** OFF-ROAD PARKING ** WELL PRESENTED ** Whitney's are pleased to offer this terraced property in the heart of Thornton village, benefitting from GAS C/H & UPVC DG, driveway, garden & walking distance to a..."
"Righthaus are proud to offer ****TWO BEDROOM COTTAGE**** WITH NO CHAIN and situated in the POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION of Wibsey. The property benefits from OPEN PLAN KITCHEN LOUNGE AREA, TWO BEDROOMS, DOUBLE GLAZING AND GAS CENTRAL HEATING."
"Welcome to Conditioning House, Bradfords newest luxury development, which has been carefully and meticulously restored to bring 154 luxury apartments to the market. Located in Bradford City Centre, this centrally positioned development is within walking distance of Broadway shopping centre and bo..."
Investment opportunity close to all local ammeinities and local Mosque
"Last FEW Units Remaining, Second Floor Unit, Lift Access, New Development in The Heart of Bradford City Centre, Great Transport Links, Integrated Appliances, Secure Underground Parking Available, Bike Storage On Site"
 IN NEED OF MODERNISEATION - ENQUIRE ONLINE TODAY!
"For sale by Modern Method of Auction Starting Bid Price £95,000 plus Reservation fee. Former Stewards accommodation for local social club – In need of total updating – Currently providing three good size bedrooms. We feel there is potential here to convert into TWO FL..."
* TERRACED COTTAGE * TWO BEDROOMS * OPEN PLAN LOUNGE / KITCHEN * NO CHAIN* * CLOSE TO QUEENSBURY VILLAGE * IDEAL STARTER HOME * A fantastic opportunity for the first time buyer or downsizer to purchase this delightful two bedroom end terrace cottage. Updated and modernised by the ...
"ATTENTION LANDLORDS – SOLD WITH SITTING TENANT – Here we have a compact one bedroom semi-detached bungalow currently let at £465 PCM. The tenancy is stable, producing a gross yield of circa 6% , the current tenant has been here since 2017. Forming part of this ever popular local..."
"For sale by Modern Method of Auction Starting Bid Price £95,000 plus Reservation fee. Top floor two bedroom, two bath/shower room apartment. Of likely appeal to a variety of buyers including buy to let investors (rent potential circa £600 PCM) In close proximity of both pri..."
"*EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY**YIELD OF OVER 6.2%***TENANT IN SITU*** Stunning two bedroom apartment in this fantastic new development on the outskirts of Thornton village.
A viewing is highly recommended to appreciate the quality of fixtures and fittings."
The development is set over 5 floors and offers 39 light and spacious apartments which will be extremly attractive to potential tenants. The imposing building is a 19th century textile mill which has been carefully converted in to studios and 1-bedroom apartments. The history of this building is ...
Two bed flat in Allerton close to good schools and shopping areas.
"** NO CHAIN ** This two bedroom GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT would suite first time buyers, somebody wanting to DOWN SIZE or INVESTORS with a potential yield of around 7% gross. VIEWING IS ESSENTIAL!"
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - SHETCLIFFE LANE A TWO BEDROOM BACK TO BACK TERRACE WITH ACCOMMODATION OVER THREE FLOORS FIRST TIME BUYERS / INVESTORS - GOOD SIZE LOWER GROUND FLOOR DINING KITCHEN - THREE PIECE BATHROOM - ONE SINGLE AND ONE DOUBLE BEDROOM - CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES -...
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this stone built TWO BEDROOM END TERRACED house situated in a convenient location just off Leeds Road, which is close to a huge selection of local amenities and excellent transport links. Offering ready to move into accommodation and having a private garden and..."
"Conditioning House is an award-winning mixed-use development comprising 152 luxurious ‘New York Loft’ style apartments including grade A office space, gymnasium and café, all housed within a truly landmark Victorian woollen mill."
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - METHUEN OVAL - *** NO CHAIN *** FOR SALE BY THE MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION - FIRST TIME BUYERS / INVESTORS - THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME - ACCESS TO THE MOTORWAY - GARDENS TO THE FRONT AND REAR - LONG DISTANCE VIEWS FROM BEDROOMS AT THE REAR - C...
"ATTENTION ALL FIRST TIME BUYERS & INVESTORS. William H Brown are delighted to offer for sale this stone built terrace property located within Thackley. Well maintained throughout. uPVC double glazing & gas central heating. Energy Rating: D **OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £90,000**"
"** FOR SALE BY AUCTION 24TH MARCH ** Peter David are pleased to bring to the market for sale this THREE BEDROOM through mid terrace located in the heart of Queensbury Village. The internal accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance vestibule, dining kitchen, lounge, rear ve..."
"Virtual Tour Online Now!! Guide Price £90,000 - £100,000. **LUXURY TWO BEDROOM DUPLEX PENTHOUSE APARTMENT SITUATED IN THE HEART OF THE CITY CENTRE** Retaining many period features the specification is to the highest of standards, using contemporary design for the style ..."
"Offered to the market is this very well presented two bedroom cottage right on the border of Queensbury. Perfect starter home, ideal for downsizers or a great rental investment."
** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION ** ONE BEDROOM ** WELL PRESENTED ** IDEAL FTB/INVESTOR HOME ** Situated in the heart of Birkenshaw is this well presented one bedroom cottage property. Having a modern fitted kitchen and house bathroom the property would make an ideal purchase for a FTB/Investor.<...
"*TENANT IN SITU* Calling all investors. Fantastic opportunity to purchase this ground floor apartment with tenant in situ. Currently providing a rental income of £525pcm.
Modern fitted kitchen, En-suite off master bedroom and allocated parking. Call now to book your viewing!!!! "
*INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY* Currently Tenanted at £600.00 PCM on an Assured Shorthold Tenancy (AST) until 30th March 2023 with a potential to extending further. Well presented and sought after development. The property has a pleasant Juliette balcony as well as two bedrooms and an en-suit...
A 2-bed mid-terrace property in need of modernisation. This property is situated within easy reach of local shops and amenities.
"Offered with no chain is this two bedroom semi detached property occupying a good position with off road parking. Situated in a quiet residential area close to local amenities with excellent commuter links and easy access to the city centre. The property briefly comprises of lounge, kitchen/diner..."
"Guide Price - £90,000 - £100,000 NO CHAIN - Available with immediate possession is this INNER THROUGH TERRACE which provides THREE BEDROOM accommodation. Benefits include GAS CENTRAL HEATING, UPVC DOUBLE GLAZING"
"Guide Price £90,000 - £95,000 A MID TERRACE PROPERTY OFFERING THREE BEDROOMS AND SET OVER THREE FLOORS. WITH A SMALL FRONTAGE GARDEN AND A YARD TO THE REAR. "
Offered to the market this two bedroom mid terrace property with scope to put further bedroom in loft space and make in to a three bedroom. The property is a high spec throughout excluding bedroom two which needs significant works.
**INVESTORS ONLY** A brand new development coming soon! Offering modern living in Bradford comprising a luxury specification throughout. This makes the perfect investment property due to the high yield and capital growth potential. Please contact us for further information.
"HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - KERSHAW STREET *** WITH NO CHAIN *** - FIRST TIME BUYERS / INVESTORS - EPC RATING GRADE D - COUNCIL TAX BAND A GROUND FLOOR Enter the property into the hallway, there are doors to both the kitchen and lounge. The kitchen has both wall and bas..."
"* * VIEWS * * VIEWS * * VIEWS * * VIEWS * * * * ONE BED TERRACE * * POPULAR LOCATION * * NO CHAIN * * Situated in the popular Queensbury village close to amenities, is this one bedroom terrace property. Offering an excellent opportunity to the first time buyer/investor, Avai..."
LOOKING TO DOWNSIZE? ENQUIRE ONLINE TODAY!
LOOKING FOR SOMETHING WITH PLENTY OF CHARACTER? ENQUIRE ONLINE TODAY!
"* END TERRACE COTTAGE * ONE BEDROOM * WELL PRESENTED * MODERNISED * * IDEAL FTB * CLOSE TO AMENITIES * DECKED AREA * Having been modernised by the present owners to a high standard to attract FTB/Young Couples/Investors, is this well presented one bedroom end terrace. Boasting a..."
"** STUNNING EXAMPLE OF IT'S TYPE ** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN ** Having undergone an extensive refurbishment throughout is this lovely DOUBLE FRONTED FRONT TERRACED. Briefly comprising: ENTRANCE HALLWAY with lounge area and kitchen off, THREE GOOD SIZE BEDROOMS, all with recently laid flooring, decor..."
"George Street Apartments are part of a prime catchment area for renters, just minutes from Centenary Square, the impressive £260m Broadway shopping centre and a host of bars and restaurants. n the robust Bradford BTL market, 1 beds are ideal for landlords looking for a long term, high incom..."
"A smart two bedroom apartment situated on the first floor within this modern development, ideally placed for accessing both Leeds and Bradford and offered to the market with no onward chain. "
"This development has been carefully and meticulously restored to bring 154 luxury apartments to the market. Located in the heart of BD1 and immediately adjacent to Forster Square retail park, the scheme is only 10 minutes walk from the fantastic amenities of the £260m Broadway shopping..."
"Sold Via by Modern Method of Auction, Start Bid £85,000 AVAILABLE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN - Superbly presented and well appointed inner through terrace, which provides THREE BEDROOM accommodation situated in this ever popular location."
"HAMILTON BOWER are pleased to offer to the market FOR SALE this well-presented TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT located on a popular development in Clayton Heights, Bradford. With no onward sale chain and good investment potential we expect this property to be popular with a wide range of prospective buyers..."
**ATTRACTIVE TWO BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT** Ideal for young professionals this apartment is set in the ever popular Boatmans Wharf close to the heart of Shipley Centre. The property is conveniently located close to Shipley Train Station where Leeds City Centre can be accessed quickly.
"This well-presented and charming home is a great fit for first-time buyers. With two spacious double bedrooms and a sizeable cellar perfect for storage, this two-bedroom terrace house is the perfect opportunity. Situated in a sought-after location close to a range of local amenities such as ..."
* IDEAL FOR A LANDLORD / INVESTOR * * TWO BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE * * MODERNISATION & UPDATING REQUIRED * * INTERNAL VIEWING ADVISED * * CHAIN FREE ON COMPLETION * Being offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this stone built TWO BEDROOM BACK TO BACK TERRACE. The property faces a...
"PUBLIC NOTICE 2 Newforth Grove, Bradford, BD5 9DY We are acting in the sale of the above property and have received an offer of £93,000 Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange of contracts takes place EPC Rating: D"
"*** ATTENTION INVESTORS/CASH BUYERS*** An ideal investment opportunity! The property is in need of a full renovation throughout with the potential to create a third bedroom. Located in the village on Wibsey within close proximity to all local amenities including shops, ..."
** YORKSHIRE STONE TERRACE ** 1 BEDROOM PLUS OCCASIONAL ROOM ** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** MODERN KITCHEN & BATHROOM ** NEWLY DECORATED ** NEW FLOORING ** CELLAR ** QUIET CUL-DE-SAC ** This is a very well presented 1 bedroom ( plus an occasional room ) Yorkshire stone terrace which has been ref...
"A beautifully presented two bedroom second floor apartment, very well positioned for a range of local amenities and transport connections."
LOOKING TO ADD TO YOUR LETTINGS PORTFOLIO? ENQUIRE ONLINE TODAY!
**VIRTUAL VIEWING ** Righthaus are proud to offer this ** ONE BEDROOM TERRACED home** located in the ever popular **WIBSEY VILLAGE** The home on offer would be ideal for a **FIRST TIME BUYERS or INVESTORS. Benefitting from MODERN FOUR PIECE BATHROOM & KITCHEN
"A well presented two bedroom terrace property benefitting from gas central heating and sealed unit double glazing. Conveniently situated close to local amenities such as schools, shops and public transport links."
"For sale by Modern Method of Auction Starting Bid £85,000, plus reservation fee. William H Brown are delighted to offer for sale this two bedroom end terraced home. Rolling tenancy achieving £7500 per annum. Energy Rating: E"
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this 2 bedroom home which is perfectly located within easy reach of local amenities. There is a large living room which leads into a kitchen. Upstairs there are 2 bedrooms and a family bathroom suite as well as a study room providing a flexible space. To ...
"** For sale by Modern Method of Auction ** Starting Bid Price £85,000 plus Reservation Fee ** NO CHAIN Formerly two back-to-back terraced properties now adapted to a single residence however this property currently remains on 2 separate deeds. TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and TWO RECEPTION ROOMS."
*** TWO BEDROOM END TERRACE PROPERTY *** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** NO FORWARD CHAIN *** CALL BRONTE ESTATES TO ARRANGE A VIEWING *** ***
"** IDEAL BUY TO LET INVESTMENT/FIRST TIME PURCHASE ** INNER THROUGH TERRACED PROPERTY ** Situated within this convenient of localities, West Bowling, is this traditional inner through terraced property currently providing, open plan lounge kitchen, large basement area with external access of whic..."
"The property has excellent transport links via multiple bus routes into Halifax and Bradford Town Centre, Low Moor Train Station within 2.5 miles and the M62 motorway nearby, making commutes to Leeds & Manchester easily accessible."
"YORKSHIRE STONE TERRACE | RECENTLY FULLY REFURBISHED | IDEAL STARTER HOME OR INVESTMENT | DOUBLE BEDROOM | STYLISH BATHROOM | MODERN KITCHEN | Rear stone terrace situated close to local amenities, shops & commuting link roads. The property briefly comprises: generous open plan lounge whi..."
HUNTERS BRADFORD PRESENTS - ODDY STREET A TWO BEDROOM END TERRACE - CURRENTLY RENTED AT £425 PCM ON A ROLLING CONTRACT - CAN BE OFFERED WITH VACANT POSSESSION SET OUT OVER THREE FLOORS (INCLUDING BASEMENT CELLAR (3 ROOMS) - POSSIBLE CONVERSION GROUND FLOOR The pro...
"This two bedroom apartment offers affordable living and briefly comprises open plan living with fully fitted kitchen area, French doors opening onto the river, two bedrooms, ensuite and modern bathroom Early viewing essential."
"*** 75% SHARED OWNERSHIP TRUE BUNGALOW *** Tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac close to St. Lukes Hospital is this two bedroom mid terrace true bungalow with plenty to offer and is designed for the over 55's. Boasting from good size throughout, conservatory to the rear and off road parking. Briefly..."
***A SPACIOUS FIFTH FLOOR TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT SITUATED IN THE HEART OF BRADFORD CITY CENTRE*** Available with sitting tenants paying £495.00 P/M making this an ideal Investment Opportunity!! Also can be available with vacant possession. EPC Rating - C
"A delightful one-bedroom cottage benefiting from a recently refurbished kitchen with characterful features. Situated in a sought-after location close to local schools, shops and other amenities."
"** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN ** GOOD SIZE THROUGH TERRACED ** Viewing is strongly advised for this LARGER THAN EXPECTED Through terraced property situated within this most convenient of localities wthin the Great Horton area. Briefly comprising: entrance vestibule hall, lounge, dining kitchen, THREE ..."
"GUIDE PRICE; £2,000,000--£2,250,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. Family homes of this calibre don’t come onto the market every day. Newly renovated with an exceptional finish throughout, an abundance of o..."
"Kendrick Property Services are delighted to offer an opportunity to acquire a rare Grade l listed building in the heart of Brighton's famous Kemp Town. The work on Sussex Square started in 1823 with the original shell completed by 1827, these works were over seen by Thomas Kemp after whom Kemp To..."
"A perfect fusion of nautical Art Deco style and spectacular, uninterrupted sea views from an exclusive cliff top in Roedean, this luxury six bedroom home has sun soaked terraces facing the English Channel on every floor and the beautifully landscaped garden with a heated pool and hot tub faces so..."
"An exceptionally cool home set in an elevated position on Withdean Road that offers sumptuous living and entertaining rooms, cinema room and two large terraces with breathtaking views to the South Downs and Brighton. Recording studios or double garage, ample parking and landscaped gardens."
"This sea facing home on Roedean Road is truly one of a kind, collaboratively designed by both the current owners and leading architects, Denizen Works… The brief for this project was simple, to maximise the flow of natural light and capture the incredible views within the key li..."
RARELY AVAILABLE IMPRESSIVE GRADE II LISTED SEMI-DETACHED VICTORIAN VILLA SITUATED IN THE COVETED CLIFTON HILL CONSERVATION AREA OF CENTRAL BRIGHTON. THE HOME IS ARRANGED OVER FOUR FLOORS WITH A GUEST SUITE ON THE LOWER GROUND LEVEL AND THE RARE DISTINCTION OF OFF-STREET PARKING. GENEROUSLY PROPO...
"Self-catering holiday house in Brighton 7 bedrooms sleeping up to 30+ per property The Railworks are two exceptional townhouses, each with seven en suite bedrooms, vast reception rooms and professional kitchens. They are being sold as a business opportunity for use as luxury shor..."
"**Guide Price £2.5m - £3m: Subject to planning being approved** A rare opportunity to acquire a substantial five bedroom, five reception room detached house with a potential building plot on Dyke Road Avenue. The plot currently has planning submitted for a four bedroom detached house. F..."
"Planning consent = unique opportunity! Soaring above Brighton Marina in a spectacular coastal setting, this fabulous four bedroom house with a south facing garden and sea facing terraces on three existing levels offers an interesting choice -you can either just add the finishing touches to a glam..."
"This magnificent and prominent building fronts onto the bustling Seven Dials and provides five floors of accommodation, currently occupied as B1 prestigious offices, with scope for a variety of alternative uses such as D1 medical or conversion to a grand Regency house or residential Mansion apart..."
"Marine Parade £2,250,000 This unique house is located in the perfect seafront position, with uninterrupted sea views to the front and Kemp Town village behind. The Property has undergone extensive refurbishment and has been finished to the highest of standards. There are two entrances to ..."
"Classically beautiful and by the beach, this elegant Grade II listed Regency house embraces glorious views of the English Channel and has a sunny, south facing balcony to fully enjoy it. New life now breathes through this historic home in a sensitive restoration where harmonious proportions and p..."
"Here we have an excellent opportunity to acquire stunning, five newly converted flats with many offering private patio gardens in a sought after residential location! These properties have been finished to an extremely high specification throughout and benefits from a fabulous open plan living ar..."
"The exclusive homes opposite Queen’s Park simply do not appear on the market often and this magnificent six bedroom Edwardian house has been sensitively modernised to create an effortlessly sociable home with a garage, off street parking and formal garden at the front, and a beautiful oasis..."
"***** ONLY TWO REMAINING ***** ***View our Interactive 360 Degree State-of-the-Art Immersion Tour*** AN INCREDIBLY MODERN DETACHED NEWLY BUILT SIX BEDROOM HOUSE WELL-SITUATED IN A GATED COMPLEX IN THE EVER-DESIRABLE ROEDEAN AREA. WITH FANTASTIC COASTAL VIEWS, SECURE OFF-STR..."
Substantial plot with uninterrupted sea views. This remarkable home offers potential to extend/ knock down and rebuild or even put two homes on subject to any necessary planning permissions. This magnificent detached home is situated on an exclusive cliff top in Roedean with glorious sea vie...
"**COMING SOON** The Orchard is a stunning contemporary development of four 4 bedroom houses in a woodland setting in Ovingdean. These homes offer private gardens and courtyard, EV parking facilities and garages, and are built to an outstanding specification. ** Choice of some interior fin..."
"A fantastic, detached family home in an excellent position at the foot of the South Downs, close to everything Brighton and Hove has to offer! Off Street parking for several cars is available and the impressive energy rating of this home ensures the home runs efficiently and cost effectively."
A simply stunning detached family residence situated in an idyllic position at the foot of the South Downs close to everything Brighton and Hove has to offer!
"The coastal village of Ovingdean nestles at the foot of protected Downland which rolls to the sea and this historic, flint faced barn is in prime position on the small green by the 11th century St Wulfran’s Church. Beautifully converted into a luxury four-bedroom house with landscaped, sout..."
"*** LAST TWO REMAINING - ASKING PRICE £1,750,000 *** ***View our Interactive 360 Degree State-of-the-Art Immersion Tour*** AN ULTRA MODERN DETACHED NEW BUILD FOUR BEDROOM HOUSE PERFECTLY POSITIONED IN A GATED COMPLEX IN THE EVER-DESIRABLE ROEDEAN AREA. WITH FANTASTIC ..."
"Pre-Launch Event 30th March 2023 - Register your interest at BROOKWORTH.COM. BRAND NEW Skylarks development by Brookworth Homes - Exemplary 4-Bedroom houses starting from £1,725,000"
"Substantial double fronted home offering sympathetically restored spacious accommodation with a delightful rear garden, located in the sought after Golden Triangle area of Brighton."
"Incredible Six bedroom detached mock Tudor detached house, located in the historic village of Rottingdean. This beautiful home boasts six bedrooms, four bathrooms as well as a contemporary one bedroom garden studio that overlooks the rolling South Downs National Park."
"Exciting opportunity to purchase an absolutely unique property in Crescent Road, currently arranged as a house with extensive gardens, and self-contained flat. Extraordinary six-metre reception room."
"Offered for Sale with a Share in the Freehold and the benefit of being situated on the ground floor is this Two Bedroom well-presented apartment, the Cherry on the cake being no onward Chain! The Priory is a well-maintained purpose-built block with communal gardens, residents parking and a passen..."
"1950s detached family home, in an elevated position in a prestigious location."
"FOR SALE BY AUCTION on 28th February 2023 Auction Guide £1,600,000 Mixed freehold residential/commercial landmark building with planning permission that has already been implemented to form 3 additional flats within the roof space to provide for 2 x 1 bedroom flats and a studio ..."
"With the wow factor the moment you walk into its sculpted hallway, this sun filled 5 bedroom detached house frames glorious sea views from its elevated position 2 minutes from the beaches and picturesque High Street of Rottingdean - and just 10 from Brighton. With an integral garage and plentiful..."
"A superbly presented 5 bedroom, 2 bathroom semi-detached Victorian villa with a garage and driveway."
"Architect designed and remodelled, this substantial family home is situated on one of Brighton and Hove’s most prestigious locations. It is immaculately presented throughout, with fantastic room sizes and a southerly aspect to fill the house with natural light. Beautifully renovated, the ground f..."
"A beautifully refurbished five bedroom detached house located in Brighton's prime address, Dyke Road. This magnificently presented house has easy access into and out of Brighton and makes a perfect home for a growing family."
"Guide Price £1,500,000 to £1,750,000 A fantastic opportunity to acquire a most fabulous, opulent converted church in the heart of Brighton. Officially dedicated in 1887 as ‘The French Protestant Church of Brighton’ this wonderful property held regular church services until its ..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £1,500,000--£1,600,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. Set within the renowned ‘Golden Triangle’ district of the city, this beautifully renovated and exceptionally spacious Victorian house ..."
"Boasting an enviable address at the end of this highly desirable cul-de-sac, we are delighted to offer this deceptively spacious, detached family home with beautifully presented, versatile accommodation which spans three impressive floors and measures an impressive 3008 sqft/286 sqm. Whilst the p..."
"Soaring above 7.5 acres of garden enclosures for the residents with a secret tunnel to the beach, this award winning three-bedroom penthouse in Grade I listed Sussex Square has stunning views of the English Channel at the front and restful countryside views from the sunny, 93 square metres of gla..."
A wonderfully appointed four double bedroom Neo-Tudor detached family home positioned in the desirable location that is the Brangwyn Estate and benefitting from a substantial west-facing garden and off-road parking for 2 cars. Elevated from the street with far reaching views from the fro...
"GUIDE PRICE: £1,400,000--£1,500,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. CHAIN FREE. This exceptional, seven-bedroom detached family home sits in the green and leafy environs of Preston Valley; just minutes ..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £1,400,000--£1,500,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. As the most substantial house on the road, this beautiful family home has undergone a complete transformation in recent years to include a full re..."
"AN ELEGANT, FIVE STOREY GRADE II LISTED REGENCY TOWNHOUSE, CENTRALLY-POSITIONED IN BRIGHTON. THE PROPERTY BOASTS AN ATTRACTIVE PRIVATE SOUTH FACING FRONT GARDEN, A ROOF TERRACE, TWO PRETTY SOUTH FACING BALCONIES AND AN ARRAY OF PERIOD FEATURES. AN ENCLOSED PARKING SPACE ACCESED BY A GARAGE DOOR A..."
"Pre-Launch Event 30th March 2023 - Register your interest at BROOKWORTH.COM. BRAND NEW Skylarks development by Brookworth Homes - Exemplary 3-Bedroom detached houses starting from £1,300,000"
"***Guide Price £1,300,000 - £1,500, 000*** Large Detached Family Home, offering flexible accommodation, that has been in the current family since the 1950's. Accommodation downstairs comprises of a large entrance/reception area, Large dining room, open plan lounge/diner, separate..."
" ** Guide Price £1,250,000 - £1,350,000 **  This beautiful four bedroom house enjoys a fashionable setting on the edge of Kemptown Village where you are never far from fresh coffee, quiet pubs and restaurants. With four generous levels, this majestic hous..."
"Enjoying an enviable position within this sought after Historical Village, on one of the most desirable roads in the area. A rare opportunity to acquire a substantial corner plot with potential to build 3 new houses (subject to planning consents). The plot is currently occupied by a substantial 3..."
"*** OFFERS IN THE REGION - £1,250,000 *** A WELL-PRESENTED AND GENEROUSLY-SIZED SEMI-DETACHED VICTORIAN FAMILY HOME WITH FOUR/FIVE BEDROOMS, A LARGE REAR GARDEN, TWO BALCONIES, A PRIVATE DRIVEWAY AND TWO GARAGES LOCATED IN THE HIGHLY-SOUGHT AFTER DYKE ROAD AREA CLOSE TO PRESTON P..."
"A rare gem with a sociable, south facing terrace and a courtyard in legendary Kemptown Village, this tranquil four/five bedroom Victorian beauty has timeless charm and a glorious 176.8m2 (1903 square feet) in which to work, rest or play. Inside, generous proportions have been subtly enhanced to o..."
"An idyllic four bedroom detached family home situated on a beautiful tree-lined residential street conveniently located between Preston Park and Withdean. Features include a South facing garden, three reception rooms, a garage and off road parking."
"GUIDE PRICE: £1,250,000---£1,300,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. Surrounded by mature trees on a peaceful close in Withdean, this beautiful five-bedroom detached family home feels every inch the country abode, yet it remains well-connected with excel..."
"Fabulous from the immaculate Victorian frontage to a secret oasis of south facing double patio garden at the back, this beautifully proportioned three/four-bedroom house in fashionable Kemptown Village has a magnificent blend of period detail and designer finish throughout 4 stylish storeys provi..."
"This is a beautifully presented and elegant four bedroom semi detached house built in 2019 with seven years NHBC remaining. This property has a lovely living room which opens on to the westerly garden, a contemporary kitchen, bathroom and ensuites to two bedrooms and parking space. Viewing Essential"
"Pre-Launch Event 30th March 2023 - Register your interest at BROOKWORTH.COM. BRAND NEW Skylarks development by Brookworth Homes - Exemplary 3-Bedroom Town houses starting from £1,175,000"
"Designed by the highly regarded Turner Associates, Brighton, this modern property has been thoughtfully conceived to fit in with the surrounding architecture. It offers 5 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms and a lovely open ground floor L-Shape reception space, as well as ample parking with EV charging point."
"Abundant with original Victorian period detail spread over four generous floors, this beautiful five-bedroom townhouse is immediately impressive. It has previously been used as a luxury holiday let for large parties visiting the city, catering for up to 28 people, but it would also be a stunning ..."
Prime | Plot | Brighton In prime position on the crescent; this chalet house sits on the highest single plot stretching from Peacock Lane through to Surrenden Crescent. The house is already...
"Four/five bedroom detached home, set back off the coast road in Rottingdean, allowing for the best of views all round."
"GUIDE PRICE: £1,100,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. On an exclusive no through, private road this tranquil, four bedroom house is a rare find, designed and built for a luxury lifestyle in its own large grounds with ..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE - £1,100,000 - £1,200,000 *** ***View our Interactive 360 Degree State-of-the-Art Immersion Tour*** AN ATTRACTIVE DETACHED FAMILY HOME SKILLFULLY IMPROVED TO AN IMPECCABLE STANDARD, WELL POSITIONED WITHIN WESTDENE AND BENEFITING FROM A SUBSTANTIA..."
"A spacious and substantial family home situated on a prominent and larger than average corner plot. The property accommodation comprises of a spacious living room with solid wood flooring, triple aspect and stunning sea views. There is a fitted kitchen with attached dining room and separate utili..."
"Situated in the favoured 'Golden Triangle' this 4 bedroom bay fronted Victorian semi detached property has been extended to provide a 4th bedroom with ensuite shower and on the ground floor to form a 19'6"" x 15'1"" kitchen/family room which connect to a westerly rear garden. "
"***Guide Price £1,100,000 - £1,200,000*** This stunning, extended, detached house with garage and large South facing garden. Situated in this extremely popular location close to Preston Park station and many schools."
"Coming to the market for the first time in over 25 years this much loved 4 bedroom family home offers spacious accommodation with views over the water from all the principle rooms and comes with a private 12m mooring. Features include drawing room, kitchen, dining room, study, two bedrooms with e..."
"A most attractive 4 bedroom detached family home of considerable character, standing in fine mature, large south westerly aspect gardens, with heated swimming pool and offering considerable potential for updating and enlargement (STNPC) in a sought after residential setting. Set back fr..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire this impressive 4/5 bedroom, double fronted Victorian home which has been fully modernised but retains many original period features including fireplaces, ceiling covings, stripped wooden floorboards and sash windows."
"**Guide price £1,100,000 - £1,150,000** Superb four-bedroom detached house on a popular tree-lined residential road, with gorgeous garden, garage and off-street parking for two cars. Fantastic reception spaces including large conservatory."
"This property is a rare opportunity to acquire a spacious, detached house in a sought-after location with planning permission for extension and improvement. Viewing is highly recommended to appreciate all that this fantastic property has to offer. "
*** GUIDE PRICE £1.1M - £1.25M *** A rare opportunity to acquire a refurbishment or development opportunity in a sought after road within the historic and picturesque village of Ovingdean. A desirable position which is currently occupied by a spacious 3 bedroom detached bungalow with extremel...
"Sitting on a quiet mews, tucked away behind Regency Square and just moments from the beach and city centre, sits a fantastic investment and development opportunity. It comes in the form of an entirely unique four-bedroom house which is brimming with potential to add considerable value. Originally..."
"Offers Over £1,100,000 Beautiful five bedroom detached family home in the heart of Rottingdean Village."
"Fox & Sons are delighted to offer you this 5-6 bedroom detached house with south facing terraces which wrap around the house maximising the views of the Downs and the sea. The pool room includes a gym, sauna and indoor pool which is also located next to the annex."
Newlands Road - Five Brand New family homes in stunning contemporary design 
"* READY SPRING 2023 * Plot 46 A BRAND NEW four bedroom detached family home featuring a large open plan lounge/dining area, spacious kitchen & high specification finishes throughout. The property includes a ground floor study, utility room, south-west facing garden & private driveway."
"*** OFFERS OVER £1,000,000 *** BEAUTIFULLY-PRESENTED FIVE BEDROOM THREE STOREY EDWARDIAN SEMI DETACHED HOUSE. NO ONWARD CHAIN. STUNNING VIEWS FROM THE ROOF TERRACE OUT ACROSS PRESTON PARK. Situated in a prime residential area offering easy access to central Brighton &..."
"This is an impressive, high specification, detached family home. With the accommodation arranged over three floors there are five bedrooms and four bathrooms. The master bedroom has a dressing room along with a luxury bathroom. Outside is a good sized rear garden and a large driveway & garage."
"*** ASKING PRICE £1,000,000 *** AN EXPANSIVE AND VERY WELL-PRESENTED FOUR LARGE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE WITH A LARGE SOUTH-WEST FACING GARDEN, TWO BALCONIES AND OFF-STREET PARKING LOCATED NORTH OF BRIGHTON IN THE PATCHAM AREA. Set on the edge of the South Downs, this..."
"Well presented, 2 bed, semi-detached house located in a sought after residential area of Brighton. Accommodation comprise downstairs of entrance hall, lounge/dining area and kitchen. Upstairs, there are two double bedrooms and family bathroom and separate WC. The property benefits of a rear garde..."
"A boutique development of a 7 Bedroom maisonette with 6 bathrooms. All recently having undergone an extensive refurbishment with modern touches, with show stopping reception space for the holiday let market"
"**Guide price £1,000,000 - £1,150,000** This exclusive new development is quietly hidden away on a quirky one-way street right in the cultural heart of the city, WITH OFF STREET PARKING! Whilst the outside of this house looks very traditional, a clue to the contemporary delights within ..."
"Two minutes from the playground and cafés of Queen’s Park with five big bedrooms, a large cellar and a sunny west facing garden this beautiful Victorian house is a within a golden, 3 minute triangle of sought after primary schools including outstanding St Luke’s, the Royal Suss..."
"An ideal refurbishment/development opportunity for a combined three, two bedroom apartment dwelling in a prime location. The Basement; Two Bedrooms, open plan/living kitchen, bathroom, private courtyard, with further development potential. Ground Floor; Two Bedrooms, open plan/livin..."
This newly refurbished freehold property located in the heart of Brighton City centre offers buyers a great investment opportunity. This freehold property is in a prime location and is mad...
"Beautifully renovated and perfectly positioned close to the beach, the City Centre and Seven Dials, this exceptional four-bedroom townhouse is a hidden gem in the city. It sits in Brighton & Hove’s most prestigious conservation area; Clifton Hill & Montpelier and is abundant with or..."
"This stylish, contemporary, four bedroom home is tucked away in a quiet, yet desirable street in the heart of the Montpelier and Clifton Hill Conservation area. The property is arranged as two separate dwellings, perfect for a growing family or additional income. This stunning property has recent..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this expansive home situated in the historic South Lanes of Brighton. The property has over 2,000 sq/ft of versatile accommodation, a fabulous sauna and two private roof terraces."
"Maslen Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this 5-6 double bedroom detached family home in a SOUGHT-AFTER AREA of Woodingdean, close to a FREQUENT BUS SERVICE offering EASY ACCESS TO THE CITY CENTRE. Some of the property highlights include the beautiful high ceiling entrance hal..."
"Nestled in the leafy suburbs of popular Woodingdean, this gorgeous 5-6 bedroom family home is just a stone’s throw from the rolling South Downs and boasts spectacular sea views of Brighton’s glistening coastline in the distance."
"Mishon Mackay are proud to present this staggeringly large 5-bedroom end of terrace house on Hanover Place, also known as Hanover House. The house is split across four floors and presents large proportions including the mightily impressive open-plan kitchen dining space which leads out to a priva..."
"An impressive 5 -bedroom, 3 -bathroom family house with historic proportions, large light cellar and a stylish kitchen dining room that flows out to a private walled courtyard garden, separate formal reception room, and contemporary bathrooms. All the generous double bedrooms have space for home ..."
Fox & Sons is delighted to offer this beautifully presented four bedroom detached chalet bungalow has been renovated and improved to a high standard throughout. Located in one of the most desirable roads in the village of Rottingdean. Sold with no onward chain.
"OIEO £950,000Hilltop is situated in one of the most prestigious locations of the Withdean area, on a quiet lane set back from Dyke Road. Perfectly positioned between the South Downs National Park and the city. Within walking distance is Preston Park railway station providing excel..."
"Spacious three bedroom detached home, in the sought after Carden Avenue, benefiting from off street parking for multiple cars, a detached garage and a well landscaped rear garden."
This four bedroom detached house is situated in one of Rottingdeans prime residential locations in a close off Dean Court Road and backing on to fields. There are views over the fields and downs and sea views from the first floor bedrooms. Tandem length garage. Viewing essential.
"A stunning and architecturally designed 4 bedroom detached house with an impressive roof terrace, situated in a sought after location between Dyke Road and Preston Road. Viewings are highly recommended."
"An elegant five-bedroom red brick Victorian family home, tastefully and stylishly decorated, benefitting from a South facing garden with home office, off road parking and many period features throughout. "
"Guide Price - £950,000 - £1,000,000 Set within a picture perfect mews, behind the charm and character of a cottage facade the clean lines and cohesion of a superior contemporary design scheme generate a magnificent modern day home. From beautifully chosen bespoke built in furniture and f..."
"A beautifully presented and extended detached bungalow having well laid out and spacious accommodation with particularly large living area, located towards the entrance of this exclusive private cul-de-sac adjacent to Dyke Road Avenue. Offered for sale with potential to extend and develop subject..."
"Situated in Rottingdean Village, this stunning four bedroom detached house has been wonderfully refurbished and improved."
"GUIDE PRICE; £950,000--£1,000,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. Built as a show home in 1932 for the Braybon Show on a site in North Street, Brighton to advertise new, detached properties to be built on the Bevendean Estate, approximately two years lat..."
"Pre-Launch Event 30th March 2023 - Register your interest at BROOKWORTH.COM. BRAND NEW Skylarks development by Brookworth Homes - Exemplary 3-Bedroom semi-detached houses starting from £940,000"
"Incredible interior design, a wealth of original features and exceptional sea views greet you in this beautiful two-bedroom apartment on Kemptown Seafront. It is immediately clear that the current owner has a refined eye for colour and interior design, celebrating the original character of the ho..."
"Springbok Properties offers this attractively priced three bedroom Semi Detached House to the market. In need of some modernisation, this property would be an ideal purchase for a first time buyer or someone looking to add value to a property. "
"Hamptons is delighted to offer this stunning development of 4 new luxury apartments (one already reserved) in the picturesque village of Rottingdean. One 3-bed duplex penthouse and two 2-bed apartments are available, all boasting individual terraces with panoramic sea-views and allocated parking."
"A simply breath taking three/four bedroom, one/two reception room duplex apartment with uninterrupted sea views and two balconies. The accommodation is arranged over two floors and spans approximately 132 square meters/1,430 square feet and offers versatile living and lift access to all floors. "
"* READY TO MOVE INTO * This incredible brand new 3 bedroom penthouse is a one of a kind home. Finished to a luxurious standard throughout. This stunning home boasts spectacular views of the sea, also benefitting from a private balcony and allocated parking.*CALL TO BOOK YOUR APPOINTMENT*"
"DUPLEX APARTMENT - FLAT 3 (FLAT 4 - SSTC) 1ST & 2ND FLOORS A stunning development of 4 luxury apartments in the idyllic village of Rottingdean, all with sea-facing terraces, panoramic views, underfloor heating, allocated parking, and lift access to all floors. With its quint..."
What a view!!! This stunning duplex penthouse apartment offers direct sea views from two private terraces for those romantic alfresco breakfast mornings. Imagine also having the views from inside too.... well look no further because with this home you can enjoy a stormy evening with front row sea...
"Fox & Sons are delighted to present to you this Arts & Crafts style four bedroom semi-detached house situated with direct uninterrupted views of the sea. This well appointed house has 3 reception areas, Inglenook fireplace, kitchen, 2 bathrooms, conservatory, garage and gardens."
"An amazing opportunity to live on one of the most sought-after terraces in Brighton. With stunning views over the city, a large private garden and an opportunity to make your own…this really is a superb home! This versatile property is arranged over two floors and is filled with an a..."
"A mid terrace Georgian house located in a popular, sought after and central location, with spacious and flexible accommodation arranged over four floors."
"3 Bedroom Home - Quality living in a convenient location The Mews presents the opportunity to live in a popular area of Brighton offering a mix of one, two and three bedroom homes. Benefitting from a secure gated setting, these properties feature impressive finishes including bespoke S..."
"Guide Price- £900,000- £950,000 Arranged over three floors this beautifully presented family home is sympathetic, yet contemporary in its finish. As you enter the property, a spacious hallway provides access to all rooms on the ground floor. To the front of the property is the living roo..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £900,000 - £1,000,000 *** AN IMPRESSIVE THREE STOREY VICTORIAN SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE, GRACEFULLY-PRESENTED AND WELL-POSITIONED CLOSE TO PRESTON PARK. THE PROPERTY BOASTS A PRETTY WEST FACING PATIO GARDEN, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS AND AN ASSORTMENT OF PERIOD FEATU..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £900,000--£950,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. With walls of glass to frame its big, south facing garden and soaring views over Withdean Valley, this beautiful, four bedroom house has been expertly extended and improved to create a sophi..."
"***Guide Price Of £900,000 - £950,000***
A beautifully presented three bedroom Victorian house located on a peaceful residential street in the heart of the City. The house has been magnificently restored and refurbished to a high standard making it the perfect property to move straight ..."
"Modern detached house in a private gated mews. It has parking, a south facing garden and three double bedrooms. The garage has been developed into office/occasional bedroom and the kitchen has been extended to create a modern open plan room that has the real 'WOW' factor."
"A 3-minute stroll from our famous beaches but tucked away from the tourist trail, this beautiful four-bedroom historic home enjoys a fashionable setting on the edge of Kemptown Village where you are never far from fresh coffee and a croissant -or a restaurant. With four generous levels, inside th..."
"Fox & Sons are proud to bring to the market this mock Tudor semi-detached family house. The property comprises of three double bedrooms, two bathrooms, large living room, modern kitchen, separate dining room, large rear garden, garage and parking for 2 to 3 cars to the front."
"Guide Price £900,000- £950,000. This lovely, detached family home is in the popular Withdean area and boasts just under 1,700 sq ft. Located on this quiet tree-lined road in Brighton, this is one not to miss!"
"* GUIDE PRICE £900,000 - £950,000 * A beautifully presented 4 bedroom Victorian terraced house overlooking the top of Blakers Park and with distant sea views. "
"A substantial freehold mixed-use investment comprising a shop and basement plus a self-contained 3 bedroom registered HMO above. The shop is let on a 12 year lease from July 2018 at a passing rent of £28,000 per annum whilst the maisonette is let on an AST at £2,200 per month providing ..."
ST MARGARETS PLACE  - VIEWING BY APPOINTMENT - CONTACT HANOVER HOMES - A rare opportunity to acquire a spacious freehold in very central Brighton location. The property is currently arranged as a 3-4 Bedroom upper maisonette with a separate one bedroom lower ground floor flat.
"An attractive and spacious 4/5 bedroom bay fronted Victorian terraced house situated in the favoured Preston Park Conservation Area, enjoying the benefit of a south facing rear garden with 16' x 9' workshop/summerhouse and having over 1,800 sq ft (170 sqm) of versatile living space. "
"An attractive and spacious 4 bedroom Victorian terraced house situated in the favoured 'Golden Triangle' forming part of the sought after Preston Park Conservation area, the property retains many period features including period fireplaces, decorative ceiling covings and stripped floorboards. "
"GUIDE PRICE £885,000 TO £900,000 Avard Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented 4-bedroom Victorian family home. Situated in a much sought-after tree-lined road in an area known locally as “The Golden Triangle”. Fiveways with its array of local shops inclu..."
A delightful four bedroom detached family home situated in a prime location and benefitting from a high specification throughout!
A superb opportunity to live in one of the nicest areas in Brighton and having the chance to make this already fantastic house your own. Featuring a large garden with far reaching views over the South Downs and a modern open plan kitchen diner with space for the whole family.
"Exquisite Three Bedroom Victorian Home In Montpelier & Clifton Hill | This beautiful & impeccably maintained period residence boasts three double bedrooms, two reception rooms, a spectacular kitchen / breakfast room and a private West facing rear garden all located in such a sought after ..."
"A luxury retreat with countryside views which roll to the sea, this detached four bedroom house has off street parking for several cars and a glamorous, self-contained one bedroom annexe in the large sunny garden. 2 minutes from a popular primary school, 1 from Happy Valley Park and 4 from local ..."
"This is a well presented five bedroom detached house offering superb family accommodation comprising: 27 x 21' living room, 27' kitchen/dining room, utility room, ensuite to master bedroom, family bathroom & gf shower room, integral garage and good size rear garden. Sought after location."
"A rare opportunity to acquire this beautifully presented ‘Tudor style’ semi detached family house with a large 160’ rear garden and enjoying an open aspect with extensive views towards the Chattri and the South Downs. Positioned in one of Patcham's premier roads, this property is one not to be mi..."
"An attractive detached four bedroom family home which occupies a generously sized plot with a self-contained detached annexe at the rear, in a popular residential area just up from Falmer Road and close to Happy Valley Park with elevated views at the front of the South Downs and the sea beyond. T..."
Generous four bedroom detached house with a newly built large one bedroom annexe in the rear.
"Guide Price £875,000-£925,000 Avard Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this 4 bedroom home spanning over three floor situated in the prestigious Roedean area of Brighton. The accommodation features ground floor, hallway and open plan living/kitchen/diner which is an amazing 39 f..."
Fantastic luxury apartment in the beautiful Kings House development on the Hove seafront.
Victoria Street merges period architecture and modern living perfectly. Beyond the tasteful and sleek décor lies a home that proves to be the utmost perfection for relaxed living and entertaining.
**PENTHOUSE APARTMENT | 3 BEDROOMS | 2 BATHROOMS | LARGE ROOF TERRACE | PANORAMIC VIEWS | ALLOCATED PARKING | SHARE OF FREEHOLD | NO ONWARD CHAIN**
"Situated in the picturesque village of Ovingdean, this three double bedroom attractive home enjoys a semi-rural location yet is only a 10-minute drive along the coast from central Brighton. Offering three bedrooms with stylish accommodation arranged over two floors. The home has been completely r..."
"3 Bedroom Home - Available to Reserve Quality living in a convenient location The Mews presents the opportunity to live in a popular area of Brighton offering a mix of one, two and three bedroom homes. Benefitting from a secure gated setting, these properties feature impress..."
Purplebricks Brighton are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented 3 bedroom family home in the heart of Patcham. Starting at the front you have a large driveway for parking of up to 4 cars. Upon entering the property you are greeted with a large hallway with ample space for coat...
** DETACHED 3 BED PROPERTY WITH PANORAMIC VIEWS | MATURE GARDEN | GARAGE | OFF-ROAD PARKING | SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION**
"This substantial, modern, eco, tech filled detached family house has an abundance of living space with great size bedrooms, an en-suite, huge living / dining space and separate snug, there is room for all! The location tops it off in a popular part of Patcham"
"Stunning three bedroom detached house located by the corner of Lenham Rd East & Cranleigh Avenue, offering fantastic double aspect views to the South Downs and out to sea. The house features superbly presented flexible living accommodation together with a delightful west and south aspect garden."
"This detached house has been finished to the highest of standards and a combi boiler was recently fitted. With beautiful, exposed brick and modern features throughout, the garden ever has a shower for your pets with warm water. It has an annex for Air bnb potential as the upstairs of this home ha..."
"Steeped in history, this unique and stylish five-bedroom property was originally the Tilley’s horse-bus stables during the late 19th Century, then converted to a cinema and theatre until 1956 when it was converted again to a residential property. In more recent years it has been a luxury ho..."
A unique opportunity to purchase a substantial detached three/four-bedroom family home offered to market in good condition with enormous potential for further enlargement throughout subject to the relevant consents.
"A simply stunning, modern four-bedroom detached family home offered to market with no onward chain and located in an elevated position enjoying magnificent rooftop, sea and down land views."
"GUIDE PRICE £850,000 TO £900,000 A delightful home? An investment? A plot? This fantastic property has so much flexibility and features a superb cottage to the front and a garage and self-contained flat to the rear of the site."
Attractive detached four bedroom home with great views and NO ONWARD CHAIN.
"*** OFFERS OVER £850,000 *** LOCATED ON A BEAUTIFUL TREE LINED ROAD IN THE EVER POPULAR PRESTON PARK AREA; A SUBSTANTIAL FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH A LARGE SOUTH FACING GARDEN, A SIZEABLE GARAGE AND A DRIVEWAY. Arranged across two floors, this considerable..."
"GUIDE PRICE £190,000 - £200,000 Offered for Sale with the advantage of no onward chain is this First Floor Purpose built apartment. Bathed in light from all aspects given its raised elevation at the rear, also providing a delightful view of the Downs beyond, this would make an ideal Firs..."
Open Day Saturday 25th March 2023 Large detached home with lots of character and charm located on a sought after road in Patcham. The property benefits from having parking to the front and a patio and lawned garden to the rear.
A rare opportunity to purchase this 3/4 bedroom detached house with conservatory overlooking the large garden & off road parking. Situated in this sought after location with G.C.H & D.G. Vendors sole agent.
"GUIDE PRICE: £850,000--£900,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. VENDOR SUITED. Immediately warm and welcoming, this lovely, four-bedroom family home is classically Victorian in its layout and has thankfully retained a wealth of original featu..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £800,000 - £850,000 This remarkable two bedroom lower ground floor apartment is certainly not one to be missed as it boasts generous proportions throughout the home as well as being kept in a great condition throughout as well as a breathtakingly large patio garden."
"***Guide Price £800,000 - £850,000***
An amazing three bedroom end of terraced Victorian property which boasts plenty of character and period features with ample accommodation and a rear patio garden. The property is situated in Clifton Hill conservation area, commonly known as the Mayf..."
This four bedroom family home is ideally positioned within a short distance to Preston Park station providing commuter links to Gatwick and London. Being within the catchment area of various desirable schools and with local amenities close at hand.
"GUIDE PRICE £800,000 - £850,000Valley Drive, is situated in one of the most prestigious locations of the Withdean area perfectly positioned between the South Downs National Park and the city. Within walking distance is Preston Park railway station providing excellent transpo..."
"GUIDE PRICE £800,000 - £825,000Gableson Avenue is situated in one of the most prestigious locations of the Withdean area perfectly positioned between the South Downs National Park and the city. Within walking distance is Preston Park railway station providing excellent trans..."
"An opportunity to acquire this lovely deceptively spacious four bedroom detached chalet style house set in lovely secluded gardens. Comprising: lounge 22' having feature fireplace, master bedroom with ensuite dressing room and bathroom , ensuite ground floor bedroom 3, garage with private driveway"
"A substantial and immaculately presented detached house arranged over three floors, offering versatile accommodation, ideal for family occupation, with room to spread out. Occupying a large plot in a favoured location opposite the South Downs, close to local amenities, local schools and frequent ..."
"This is a lovely family home located in a quiet residential road. Arranged over 4 floors and having up to five bedrooms, a large kitchen/diner and separate lounge. It also has 2 bathrooms and an en-suite shower room. Outside is a great size rear garden and roof terrace as well as a large garage."
"One of just four incredible detached new homes built with Eco-sustainability in mind and to the highest of specifications, situated on one of Patcham's most popular roads just moments from the South Downs National Park!"
"A truly unique smallholding on the very edge of the City boundary, extending to some 2 acres with a Certificate of Lawfulness (CLU) for 2 residential dwellings. The property offers enormous scope to create a secluded, yet accessible, homestead."
"An attractive property in a quiet position within the village of Ovingdean, with a useful annexe which could offer multi-generational living, or be used as a holiday let, and far-reaching views. The main house has three beds and two baths, whilst the annexe offers bedroom, bathroom and kitchen."
"Guide Price £800,000 to £850,000 This great 4 bedroom home on Barn Rise, Westdene is the perfect property, being flooded with natural light and spanning over 1,840 square feet, situated opposite an open green and within a stone’s throw of Westdene Primary School. As you enter you are imm..."
"PRICE GUIDE £800,000 - £825,000 A beautiful 4 BEDROOM bay fronted EDWARDIAN FAMILY HOME with PERIOD FEATURES and accommodation arranged over 3 floors including through lounge/dining room with STRIPPED WOODEN FLOOR, dual aspect kitchen/breakfast room, MASTER BEDROOM on the top floor with ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £800,000-£850,000 This exceptionally spacious Four bedroom detached bungalow offers an excellent opportunity to enhance and personalise. Having been heavily extended, boasting almost 2000 sq ft of internal floor space including the oversized double garage and storeroom at str..."
"** NEW LISTING ** Purplebricks Brighton are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented three bedroom mid terraced house in the ever popular roundhill area in Brighton. Upon entering the house you have a large hallway with ample space for coats and shoes, moving through the the open..."
"This stylish detached house is without a doubt located in one of Woodingdean's most desirable locations, couple this with outstanding coastal views and circa 2000 square feet of accommodation this property really stands out. This property is also being sold with no onward chain!"
Four bedroom two bathroom detached house with lovely gardens in popular Rottingdean.
"*** OFFERS OVER £800,000*** A THREE STOREY VICTORIAN SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE WITH FOUR GOOD-SIZED BEDROOMS, A SPACIOUS REAR GARDEN AND A BRIGHT CONSERVATORY. THE PROPERTY IS SOLD WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN AND SITUATED CLOSE TO PRESTON PARK. This spacious family home offers an a..."
Rarely available! This stunning detached family home is located in arguably the best spot in Woodingdean. It will have you falling in love from the moment you walk through the door. On an exceptionally large plot this immaculately presented house has an abundance of wonderful features throughout....
A red brick Edwardian family home which has 4 bedrooms and is being sold with no onward chain. Located just moments from the sea and Brighton town centre. It has a modern finish but also offers buyers a blank canvas to add their own décor.
"Very attractive and spacious Edwardian family home. Still retains many fine period features including fireplaces, ceiling mouldings and high skirting boards. Splendid Though Living Room, Utility/Cloakroom, Modern Kitchen/Dining Room, Three Double Bedrooms, Family Bathroom. Attractive walled rear gdn"
"A Unique and recently Renovated Detached Family Home, having been Extended and Improved with the addition of Solar Panels resulting in a 'B' Energy Efficiency Rating. Located in the sought after ""Hollingdean Dip"" offering great Local School catchments and moments from trendy Fiveways this will ti..."
"This is a beautifully presented and elegant four bedroom semi detached house built in 2019 with seven years NHBC remaining. This property has a lovely living room which opens on to the westerly garden, a contemporary kitchen, bathroom and ensuites to two bedroom. Garage. Viewing Essential"
"*READY SPRING 2023* Plot 65 this luxury 4 bedroom house featuring a large living room/diner, a seperate kitchen and four spacious bedrooms, with the master bedroom boasting an ensuite. Garage parking *CALL TO BOOK YOUR VIEWING*"
Justin Lloyd are delighted to offer a rare investment opportunity to purchase a freehold building with a commercial unit and residential units.
Three bedroom maisonette occupying the top two floors of this period property situated in this Regency Square on Brighton seafront. The property is offered with no onward chain and the accommodation has been renovated by the current owners.
"Enjoying views over the heart of Patcham and the Downs beyond, is this charming extended Family Home. This particular run of sought-after Mock-Tudor semi-detached properties offer fantastic accommodation, flexible living arrangements, huge gardens boasting a favoured Westerly aspect and lots of p..."
"A spacious 4 double bedroom square bay fronted Victorian terraced house (1,636 sqft,152 sqm) wiht a westerly rear garden, retaining much of its original charm and character with many period features including ceiling covings, stripped wood floors, fireplaces, dado rail and picture rails."
Situated in the highly sought after Waldegrave Road forming part of the 'Golden Triangle' is this 3 bedroom bay fronted Victorian terraced house enjoying a sunny 55' west facing rear garden. The property is in need of updating and re-decoration offers a buyer the opportunity to create own dream home
"Valley Drive is a popular residential tree-lined street in the sought-after Withdean area. It is in easy access of the A27/ A23 and is approximately 1 mile from Preston Park Train Station. Local shops, parks and schools, such as, Westdean Primary and Patcham High School are near by. An ..."
"A spacious 4 bedroom, 2 bathroom bay fronted Victorian terraced house situated in this popular location close to the Fiveways community. Some original period features, 25' thru' lounge/dining room, 17' kitchen/breakfast room, level walled rear garden with gated rear access."
"A DELIGHTFUL 3 BEDROOM MID TERRACED RED BRICK PERIOD FAMILY HOME SITUATED IN THIS EXTREMELY POPULAR RESIDENTIAL AREA. The house benefits from many ORIGINAL FEATURES including fireplaces, picture & dado rails. The accommodation is generous with Lounge, dining room, breakfast room and kitchen on th..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £750,000--£800,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. Valley Drive sweeps up through Withdean from the sports stadium to Dyke Road Avenue; lined with an array of mature trees and substantial homes built on generous plots. This elegant, semi-det..."
"***FREEHOLD Investment - Three units****** Guide Price £750,000 - £800,000***Freehold Investment Property comprising Two one bedroom & one 2 Bedroom maisonette flat situated on a sought-after street just metres from Lewes Road Sainsbury's & Universities."
"A new, modern 3 bedroom home in the heart of Rottingdean village, benefiting from a west facing garden and gated parking for two cars."
"A truly beautiful family home in the extremely popular Fiveways area of Brighton. This expansive four bedroom home offers delightful versatile living space within touching distance to some of the outstanding local schools, parks and facilities."
"Exquisitely restored using only the finest materials, this three-bedroom maisonette is a shining example of how Regency townhouses can be brought beautifully into the 21st Century. With high ceilings and crisp white walls, the interior sparkles along with the sea; just moments away, and framed by..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £750,000 - £800,000 Tucked away within this popular and quiet close is this immaculate four bedroom detached family home. The location is considered to be excellent having direct access to the South Downs. The accommodation features a spacious kitchen/dining room that benefi..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £750,000 - £800,000 *** An attractive refurbished and extended period townhouse providing spacious family accommodation over four floors. The property comprises a ground floor entrance leading to an L-shaped hallway, ground floor living room with feature fireplace, period feat..."
A bright and spacious three bedroom second floor apartment with direct sea views and secure underground parking.
**REFURBISHMENT POTENTIAL | 4 BED DETACHED CHALET BUNGALOW | SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION | GARAGE AND OFF-ROAD PARKING | SPECTACULAR VIEWS**
"SPACIOUS, detached, chalet bungalow with 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, garage and a secluded garden offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"Balfour Road is a tree lined road located in Fiveways, close to local individual shops and coffee shops with a great sense of community. The local schools are great, the local parks are popular and you are a shirt walk to the train station. The house itself is arranged across three floors providi..."
"This Victorian family home is offered for sale in good decorative order, with a period style feature open fireplace in the lounge and restored sash windows to the front of the house. The rooms are a great size throughout and the loft has been converted to provide a fourth bedroom with an en-suite..."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000-£375,000 Offering two good size bedrooms with the added benefit of a useful loft room is this modern family home. The property has been the subject of much improvement by the present owners and the ground floor benefits from a modern fitted kitchen leading round to t..."
This beautifully presented detached four (plus guest room/study) bedroom family home with separate work/studio space is ideally located for schools and local shops.
"Guide price £750,000 to £800,000 A delightful three bedroom three storey town house offering period features and contemporary styling throughout, including a bespoke open aspect kitchen/breakfast room. To the ground floor there is a bright living/dining room with exposed brick f..."
"A beautifully presented 3 bedroom detached chalet bungalow offering deceptively spacious accommodation with 1,520 sqft (148 sqm) of versatile living space. Situated in this elevated position off Surrenden Road and enjoying stunning west facing views over Patcham and the South Downs."
"Wonderfully bright, generously proportioned first floor apartment with far-reaching sea views, in prime position on Brighton seafront. The perfect downsizers apartment, it offers four bedrooms, two reception rooms and two bathrooms, as well as a lift and communal heating & hot water."
"GUIDE PRICE: £750,000--£800,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. Double fronted with four double bedrooms, two bathrooms and two generous reception rooms, this substantial family home is ideal for families with children of all ages. It sits within a hugel..."
"On the outside you see a traditional family home, on this inside a contemporary well-proportioned home offering 2011 square feet of luxurious accommodation. No expense has been spared in creating a modern master piece, a show home with a difference. Throughout there are many bespoke designs, incl..."
"St Aubyns - Rottingdean Village’s exciting new development of 1, 2, 3 and 4 bedroom homes – offering something for everyone."
"A deceptively spacious 3 bedroom chalet bungalow situated in this popular location just north of Surrenden Road. With a 25' lounge with glazed doors connection to the garden, modern kitchen connecting to the garden and bathroom with modern white suite, level garden and off street parking"
"* * GUIDE PRICE £725,000 - £750,000 * * An attractive 4 bedroom, 2 bathroom bay fronted Victorian terraced house with a sunny south facing level walled rear garden. Situated in this highly favoured residential area close to Fiveways with its local shopping facilities."
4 Vaughan Williams Way is an end of terrace home with two allocated parking spaces and EV charger. It's in a stunning location being directly opposite the new village green space. 
A freehold whole-house set close to the centre of Kemp Town Village and the seafront. In need of a light refurbishment and with permission to revert to a 5 bedroom family home. 
"Avard Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented two double bedroom high spec penthouse located in the prestigious Dyke Road. Situated in the desirable Seven Dials area of Brighton with easy access to many independent shops, bars and restaurants. Including the Small..."
"* NEW VIEWING PLOTS NOW AVAILABLE * Plot 23. This beautiful three bedroom detached house features a large open plan kitchen/dining Room, and spacious living area, Finished to a high standard throughout.This property includes a private garden and an allocated parking space, PART EXCHANGE AVAILABLE"
"A SUBSTANTIAL 4/5 BEDROOM, 2 RECEPTION ROOM VICTORIAN HOUSE with well presented & spacious accommodation arranged over 3 FLOORS. THIS IMPRESSIVE PROPERTY has a pretty PERIOD OPEN FIRE, numerous period features, PLANTATION SHUTTERS TO SASH WINDOWS, a BEAUTIFUL LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN, a modern kitc..."
"*Guide price £700,000- £725,000* Family home in friendly neighbourhood which offers local shops, coffee shops and a great community spirit. The space is versatile with plenty of storage. Virtual tour available."
"GUIDE PRICE: £700,000--£750,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. CHAIN FREE. Exceptionally spacious with four double bedrooms and three linked reception rooms, this modern and extended semi-detached house is ideal for both family time and enter..."
"Guide Price £700,000-£725,000A super 3 storey four bedroom period mid terraced house with through lounge/diner, kitchen/breakfast room, family bathroom & en suite shower room. Outside is a landscaped rear garden & formal front garden. Gas central heating, sash windows with some double glazing. "
"***GUIDE PRICE £700,000 - £725,000*** Robert Luff & Co are delighted to offer to the market this truly unique chalet house situated a short walk from the ever popular Fiveways which offers an array of amenities, whilst the bustling city centre of Brighton and Hove is easily accessible. Bright..."
Set directly on Brighton´s lively seafront and positioned on the 8th floor of an iconic purpose-built development Cavendish House is situated perfectly; the apartment is located within easy reach of everything Brighton has offer. 
"A spacious 3 double bedroom, bay fronted Victorian terraced house with a westerly garden, retaining much of its original charm and character with many period features including ceiling covings, fireplaces, dado rails, picture rails and the proerty is in need of updating. **NO CHAIN**"
"This vastly extended semi-detached family house will be the envy of all your friends! With an abundance of living space on offer, the kitchen / diner is the perfect entertaining space with separate snug and conservatory for cosy nights in. The current sitting / playroom would lend itself to an id..."
" ** SECURE PARKING SPACE INCLUDED **  Embrace the Brighton lifestyle in this party perfect three bedroom house with sunny patio garden to enjoy and a very rare, secure allocated parking space a few doors down. With immaculate, sunlit rooms spread over a generous 98.2..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £700,000 - £725,000 *** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THREE STOREY TERRACED HOUSE WITH FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, LANDSCAPED REAR AND FRONT GARDENS, THROUGH LOUNGE/DINING ROOM AND EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOM. Conveniently located in sought-after Hartington Road, wit..."
"This stunning and beautifully presented Victorian terrace house is situated on level ground in the heart of the Fiveways community, having been extended and considerably improved by the present owners. 3 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 37' x 13' lounge/dining/kitchen room & attractive rear garden"
"Justin Lloyd Estate Agents are very proud to bring to the market this luxury seafront apartment offering some of the highest standards available on the market, set within one of Brighton's most iconic buildings; The Van Alen Building."
"As you enter the resplendent communal hallways of Old College House, you will be awestruck by the scale and beauty of the building, originally built in 1895 as the city’s Municipal College. This outstanding apartment is found on the ground floor to the rear, so it is ultimately peaceful and..."
"Magnificent city centre penthouse apartment offering a stunning 1098 sq feet of space, south facing roof terrace with views to the sea, secure underground parking and no onward chain."
"***GUIDE PRICE £700,000-£750,000*** Substantial, Victorian house located in the desirable West Hill conservation area. This quiet one way street is perfectly placed just moments away from Brighton railway station, the City centre and excellent schools. Ente..."
"A unique and stand-alone four bedroom detached family home located in the popular Hollingdean area just a short walk to the popular Fiveways. This delightful home also features a garage, off road parking as well as a bright South Facing garden."
"**COMING SOON** Park Avenue is an elegant collection of extensively renovated one & two bedroom apartments and two newly constructed houses, ideally positioned adjacent to Preston Park. The apartments benefit from outside space, views across Preston Park, and a 10 year new homes warranty. "
Purplebricks Brighton & Hove is delighted to offer this imposing four bedroom detached home with lovely laid to lawn rear garden and spacious driveway. The property is set on an elevated position with breathtaking views of the south downs and sea views. The property is considered to be in good ...
"** IDEAL FOR INVESTORS ** A rare opportunity to purchase a mid terraced 6 bedroom house in Brighton which is ideal for investors with the tenants already in place. Situated in a popular location in Brighton close to London Road shopping area, Preston Park and excellent options for travel links. R..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £675,000 - £700,000 *** Robert Luff & Co are delighted to bring to market this extended four bedroom semi detached family home located on Mackie Avenue, in the heart of Patcham. An excellent spot for families and commuters, Patcham offers a friendly environment with a var..."
"Situated in one of Woodingdean's most popular roads is this outstanding detached five-bedroom family home offering modern open-plan living, a good-sized garden with an outside gym, ample off-street parking for several cars and a single garage. The property comprises, four double bedrooms..."
"An opportunity to acquire this semi detached property which is arranged over three floors and situated in one of Patcham's premier roads, close to many popular schools and Preston Park Station. The rear garden is an exceptional size and west facing making it one of the main selling features."
"GUIDE PRICE £675,000 - £700,000 This spacious four bedroom family home is offered for sale within one of Fiveways premier roads. The accommodation is arranged over three floors and features a South facing bright and airy open plan living/kitchen/dining room with a modern fitted kitchen a..."
"A stunning split level, 2 double bedroom garden flat located in the heart of Kemptown within 5 minutes’ walk of the seafront. The flat comprises of a master bedroom with a walk-in wardrobe and en suite shower room. A 2nd bedroom suite which includes a dressing room, with an en suite bathroo..."
"Elegant Fully Renovated 2 Bedroom Period Townhouse with Idyllic Courtyard Garden. Set in a quiet road in Brighton's highly sought after Clifton Hill conservation area, a timeless encaustic tiled path sits leads up to the bay facade of an impressive 1830s home. Sympathetical..."
"Wonderfully distinctive four-bedroom, two bathroom family home on a large plot with a great rear garden and a double garage with small pit."
Perfect for all types of buyers! This 5/6 Bed House offers great opportunity with a modern finish and central location. *Ideal AIR BNB* Could also make a beautiful family home.
"The property comprises, four double bedrooms, a single bedroom that would make a perfect study or dressing room, a beautifully fitted kitchen, two bathrooms, an open-plan living/dining area with bi-fold doors leading onto a private rear garden with the ‘Man Cave’ currently used as a gym/bar and c..."
"Quintessentially ‘Brighton’, this luxury seafront apartment benefits from some of the most iconic views in the city. With glazing running continuously along its southern elevation framing the entire coast line from east to west, the exceptional vista takes your breath away every time ..."
"**BOOK YOUR TOUR** A spacious 2 bedroom apartment over two floors giving it a house like feel and featuring an enviable private patio. Centrally located on the edge of the North Laine Quarter, this duplex property is located within a boutique development ROX, which features an array of commun..."
"**READY FOR A SPRING COMPLETION** 37 Edward Street Quarter is part of Brighton's newest eclectic community where the best of the city will live, mix and meet. 60 luxurious one, two and three bed apartments, minutes from the sea and city centre; many with stunning coastal views. If you thrive ..."
Detached bungalow | Two double bedrooms | Large living room | Kitchen/breakfast room | Home office | Luxury bathroom | Garage | Driveway | Large garden | Planning consent for new home
"A two-bedroom property with extraordinary proportions throughout as well as magnificent sea views. Nestled in the forever popular Kemp Town, this apartment is certainly not one to be missed."
"*** ASKING PRICE £650,000 *** EXCELLENTLY-POSITIONED IN PATCHAM; A VERY-WELL PRESENTED DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH A SIZABLE REAR GARDEN, A GARAGE AND A PRIVATE DRIVEWAY. This spacious family home has been decorated to a very high standard throughout. The property briefly o..."
"Welcome to Avalon, a secluded apartment complex situated in one of Brightons most desirable locations, moment from the seafront. Property in this spectacular building rarely come to market, this is an opportunity not to be missed! This apartment comprising of 3 double bedrooms, one en-suite, s..."
"* RESERVE TODAY * Boasting a large south-facing terrace and private rear garden, this brand new two bedroom apartment is READY TO MOVE INTO now. Finished to a luxury standard throughout, this stunning home further benefits from allocated parking."
"Newly built, two bedroom apartment with uninterrupted sea views and rear patios with gardens. The accommodation spans approximately 87 square meters/942 square feet. Lift access. Great size sun terrace to the front with sea views."
"A two-bedroom property with extraordinary proportions throughout as well as magnificent sea views. Nestled in the forever popular Kemptown, this apartment is certainly not one to be missed."
"For sale by Modern Method of Auction; Starting Bid Price £650,000 plus Reservation Fee. This is a detached 5 bedroom house in need of some updating - will create a fabulous contemporary home with fabulous views. Highly sort after location. No onward chain."
"A stunning two bedroom apartment with direct sea views, a large south-facing roof terrace and private rear garden, allocated parking and a lift."
Fox & Sons are delighted to offer for sale this attractive and spacious four storey period terraced townhouse situated in the heart of the highly desirable North Laine conservation area within a few minutes' walk of all central Brighton has to offer.
"A rare opportunity to acquire a substantial end of terrace, double-fronted period property situated in the popular Roundhill Conservation Area, bordering Preston Circus. Currently arranged as a one/two bedroom flat on the ground floor, with a three bedroom maisonette on the ground and first floor..."
A rarely available two bedroom two reception room detached bungalow in a quiet cul du sac benefitting from Solar roof panels and no onward chain!
"Located in the heart of Brighton and on the most wonderful stretch of Kensington Gardens is a truly unique and highly desirable Four/ Five-bedroom, double fronted maisonette with a superb outlook of the famous pedestrianised shopping precinct."
"GUIDE PRICE: £650,000--£700,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. CHAIN FREE. Tucked away within the leafy environs of Westdene is an attractive road of detached homes, sitting on the cusp of The South Downs National Park. and this house is wit..."
A beautifully presented family home located in arguably one of Woodingdean's most sought after addresses. Throughout there has been substantial upgrading and renovations to a high standard with further upgrades planned in April for a new ground floor bathroom and an electric car charging point. T...
Development opportunity | Planning consent for additional property | Existing bungalow with scope to extend | Popular residential location | Viewing by prior appointment
"This charming cottage was built on what was the stables to Southdown House which was constructed in the early eighteenth century, in the heart of Patcham Village where you can find near by shops, pubs and restaurants. As you approach the property you will notice it's beautiful flint elevation und..."
"GARDEN APARTMENTS - FLAT 1 & FLAT 2 GROUND FLOOR A stunning development of 4 luxury apartments in the idyllic village of Rottingdean, all with sea-facing terraces, panoramic views, underfloor heating, allocated parking, and lift access to all floors. With its quintessential ..."
Lovely period family house in popular Queens Park area offering spacious well configured three double bedroom accommodation with large family kitchen room having trifold doors to the pretty enclosed garden. Elegant lounge and dining room with plantation shutters and a ground floor cloakroom.
"A rarely available substantial seven bedroom licensed HMO property which is let until 23/08/2023 and is being sold as an ongoing investment with potential for high returns. The property is being readvertised for the next academic year at £3791.66pcm or £45,500 per annum. The accommodation is arr..."
"This 4 double bedroom semi-detached chalet bungalow has been tastefully transformed to provide good size MODERN, LIGHT & AIRY accommodation. Some of the property highlights include the driveway providing off road parking for several vehicles, the beautifully presented lounge/diner & Kitchen. In t..."
This unique three storey house is full of character & benefits from two separate street entrances. Situated in an excellent location with great infant & primary schools within easy reach. The property is ideal for those that need to commute with Brighton's mainline train station within 1 km.
"Fox & Sons are proud to bring to market this spacious and bright detached chalet bungalow. The property comprises of three bedrooms, two reception rooms, large open plan kitchen, family bathroom, garage & driveway and South facing rear garden."
Cox & Co are pleased to offer this third-floor top-floor apartment in this smart purpose-built development in Brighton's Patcham district. This apartment is offered for sale in excellent decorative order throughout the accommodation is laid out as follows there is a lift service to the t...
"A simply stunning four bedroom semi-detached chalet-bungalow situated in the ever popular Mill Rise, Westdene."
* READY TO RESERVE* Plot 9. This stunning three bedroom duplex apartment boasts en suite to master bedroom and its own garage parking. *PART EXCHANGE AVAILABLE*
"GUIDE PRICE; £650,000--£700,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. Beautifully renovated with bright, spacious rooms, this four-bedroom detached house sits on a quiet close in Patcham. It resides in one of the city’s leafy enclaves, surrounded by matu..."
An attractive 3 double bedroom semi detached chalet bungalow situated in this popular residential area with a southerly rear garden and off street parking. The property is situated in this elevated position enjoying extensive views over Patcham and towards the South Downs.
A three double bedroom detached family home which enjoys an elevated position with wonderful widespread views towards the sea and countryside. Chorley Avenue is considered a preferred road on the favoured West side of Saltdean and is conveniently situated for a steady walk to the local shops on ...
"A massively extended and lavishly appointed six bedroom licensed HMO property with Certificate of Lawfulness, which is currently rented to professionals generating a gross annual income of £47,748, with potential for further uplift. This stunning property, with both a two-storey and single storey..."
A 3 bedroom duplex flat with it's own garage and a 10 year new homes warranty. The main bedroom has a walk-in wardrobe space and an en-suite.
"** Guide price £650,000 - £675,000 ** A completely RENOVATED AND EXTENDED, four bedroom, semi-detached house in the popular district of Westdene offered for sale in PRISTINE CONDITION with a large HOME OFFICE/GYM in the garden."
"*Guide Price £650,000 - £675,000* Family home located in friendly community of Hollingdean, close to Fiveways and within the catchment area for great local schools for children of all ages. Brighton city centre/seafront is walkable and there Are also great transport links to the city and beyond."
"Two minutes from the famous al fresco lifestyle and legendary shopping of the North Laine but tucked away in a fume free pedestrian only twittern, this 1800’s 3 bedroom cottage with a sunny, walled garden is a spacious beauty with 983 square feet (91.3m2) of light filled rooms to enjoy. Ins..."
"An extremely well presented and extended three storey period property with many period features. The property comprises; two good size double bedrooms, a sitting room and a basement lounge/dining area with a separate kitchen, a large bathroom and a secluded patio garden."
"Standing proud with stunning southerly views, this beautiful home enjoys an elevated position ensuring wonderful views all year round, from the balcony especially the views are as far reaching as the sea on a clear day. The living accommodation offers flexibility and spans almost 1300 square foot..."
"GUIDE PRICE £625,000 - £650,000 Having been renovated and extended to an exceptional standard, with an amazing open plan Kitchen/Diner complete with huge bi-folding doors flowing to the large level rear garden, is this stunning semi-detached bungalow. The property is bought to the market..."
"This superb property has been subject to much improvement in recent years and offers a wealth of stunning 'designer' features throughout. With three/four bedrooms, views, garden and off road parking. This lovely property must be viewed to be fully appreciated. SOLE AGENTS"
** NEW LISTING ** Purplebricks are delighted to offer for sale this new to market Spacious and substantial four bedroom family house in an ever popular location in Patcham. Upon entering you have small entrance porch to the front which is great for coats and shoes. Moving through to the main h...
"A bright and spacious recently modernised 3 double bedroom first floor flat with its own private street entrance, off road parking and distant sea view from the rear conveniently situated close to Dyke Road Park being within walking distance of Preston Park Station"
"Mere moments from the beautiful Brighton promenade, this incredibly large three-bedroom maisonette comprising of 1300 square feet spread across two floors has been newly refurbished and redecorated with new carpets throughout. Offered for sale with no onward chain."
"GUIDE PRICE £625,000 - £650,000 This detached bungalow is set on a large corner plot and has huge potential for extension or development, subject to the necessary consents. The attractive 1930s bungalow currently consists of a 14' living room with a westerly aspect overlooking the rear g..."
"Situated in this sought after road in Woodingdean is this tastefully presented MODERN, LIGHT & AIRY 3 double bedroom detached bungalow sat on a corner plot. Some of the property highlights include the PRIVATE DRIVEWAY, garage, the SUBSTANTIAL garden area, the good size accommodation & the separat..."
"Guide Price £625,000-£650,000 Avard Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this 4 double bedroom house spanning over 3 floors. The period property is situated in the ever sought after tree lined Shaftesbury Road. This property is ideal for commuters as London Road train station, wit..."
"A sunlit sanctuary, this immaculate three-bedroom house radiates style from the smart off street parking at the front to the leafy, landscaped oasis at the back- complete with a paved dining terrace and south facing seating area. On a peaceful no through road five minutes from the sea and waterfr..."
"3 bed terraced house in a highly sought after location. Accommodation comprises off 3 double bedrooms, one with en-suite, and separate family bathroom on the first floor. As you make you way down stairs, you are presented with a sizable lounge, nice kitchen diner with integrated appliances, Wc / ..."
This is an attractive house full of character with a prime address in the popular North Laines of Brighton within a very short walk of the Basket Makers Pub which was awarded as the Best Pub in the UK. The property was recently modernised when a new open plan layout was created with a ne...
"A superbly positioned three bedroom semi detached house, situated in a highly sought after village location in Rottingdean. The property benefits fom a good size living room with bay window, separate dining room overlooking the rear garden, fitted kitchen and sunroom also overlooking the garden. ..."
READY TO MOVE INTO NOW A spacious two bedroom apartment with private balcony at the popular Edward Street Quarter development. Only a 0.4 mile walk to the beach.
"Grab this fantastic chance to acquire this deceptively SPACIOUS, FAMILY HOME which has been in the same family's tenure for many years. The property has been sympathetically extended to create GENEROUS ACCOMMODATION over two floors. The property is located within walking distance of Happy Valley ..."
"**Guide Price £600,000 - £700,000** An extremely rare opportunity to purchase this one-off, private gated mews house, deep in the heart of Kemptown Village. This freehold property has its own private entrance, South facing terrace and ample parking. As soon as you enter this ex..."
One of just three stunning terraced cottages which have been tastefully transformed into incredible family homes with a specification that is second to none! Situated on one of Patcham's most popular roads just moments from the South Downs National Park!
"David Harrington Property is delighted to offer to market this Fantastic house in Falmer Gardens, Woodingdean."
Spectacular Extended Semi-Detached Family Home | This wonderfully presented chalet-style property boasts four double bedrooms and expansive living accommodation as well as a large sunny garden with sun terrace - viewings are highly recommended to fully appreciate everything this home has to offer!
"The beautiful semi-detached house boasts a bright and airy living space following on to the bright spacious bedrooms upstairs. The pretty rear garden has an outbuilding with power, ideal for those working from home. This is a perfect family home in the heart of Patcham."
"** MODERN FAMILY HOME IN WOODINGDEAN ** A beautifully presented 4 bedroom semi detached house in a prime position in Woodingdean with 1 off road parking space and gardens to 3 sides, close to local shops, amenities, parks, schools and easy access onto the A27. On a bus route directly to Brighto..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £600,000 - £650,000 *** We are delighted to offer as sole agent and with no onward chain this wonderfully spacious, three double bedroom mid-20th Century duplex apartment which is arranged over the seventh and eighth floors to the rear of Brighton’s iconic Metropole Hotel. Bo..."
Exceptionally deceiving large three storey detached 4 bedroom house. No chain.
"DEAN & CO - A well presented spacious EXTENDED semi detached family home near local shops, popular pubs & superstore shops. Close to local schools with good bus links to Brighton & Hove. The property offers Garden Rooms, OFF STREET PARKING, super MODERN KITCHEN, bathroom & shower room, CLOAKROOM."
"A beautifully presented four bedroom home, located in a quiet cul-de-sac in Westdene, benefitting from a good size rear garden, front terrace, garage and far reaching views over the Downs. As you enter, the hallway allows access to all rooms and cloakroom. The kitchen is to the front of..."
A beautifully presented three bedroom detached single storey bungalow which enjoys an incredibly quiet position on a sought after Crescent in Rottingdean. This property has been significantly improved by the current owners and now offers a stunning contemporary interior which includes refitted ba...
We are delighted to be able to offer this beautifully presented three bedroom detached single storey bungalow which enjoys an incredibly quiet position on a sought after Crescent in Rottingdean. This enviable lifestyle property has been significantly improved by the the current considerate owner...
"Gated Mews House that has being newly refurbished throughout. It has a south facing patio garden, two double bedrooms, spate kitchen and good size lounge. It also benefits from having a private parking space with is a rarity for Kemptown Village."
"Guide Price £600,000 - £625,000 A modern three bedroom, semi-detached house, complete with parking, useable loft room and a fantastic garden. This much loved home is ready for a new family to move in straight away… You enter via the porch, a spacious addit..."
"Charming, detached bungalow in an incredibly sought after location in the heart of North Woodingdean, a short stroll from the shops, bus stops, and schools, means that everything is on your doorstep. Other features include a newly laid block paved driveway, a handy garage, and a low maintenance g..."
"This private, two-bedroom luxury maisonette is in one of the most impressive historic houses on Brighton’s seafront and has a private balcony as well as access to glorious communal gardens. Attributed to Charles Barry, who went on to design the Houses of Parliament, Tamworth House is Grade ..."
**SHARE OF FREEHOLD** A fantastic three bedroom third and fourth floor (top) maisonette situated in this beautiful square adjacent to Brighton seafront. A rare opportunity to purchase a property in the original house of the Georgian developer of Marine Square. Benefiting from three south facing w...
"Paradise found, this spacious two bedroom apartment with a large courtyard is private and quiet, spanning the entire lower ground floor of a magnificent Grade I listed house in one of the UK’s finest Regency crescents, which embraces both the exclusive gardens for residents and the English ..."
"***Guide price £600,000-£650,000*** This attractive mews house with versatile layout and integral garage in popular Kemp Town, is just a block from the seafront. Having been comprehensively updated and remodelled just over 10 years ago, the property is in excellent condition thro..."
"Guide Price £600,000 to £650,000. Beautifully presented two bedroom home. Spacious living room with wooden flooring underfoot and an abundance of natural light. Large kitchen/ breakfast room, luxurious master bedroom with en-suite, additional guest bedroom/ home office with shower roo..."
"This three bedroom family home is located in the popular district of Westdene, being only a short distance from the sought after Westdene Primary school. The property has a fresh feel and features a modern contemporary style kitchen. There is a bright and spacious through lounge/dining room which..."
"A beautifully presented three-bedroom top floor apartment with direct sea views with use of a gated garden square and communal garden. On the top, 4th floor of a Grade II listed Regency building spanning over 1,241 Square Feet, this spacious split-level home has been improved throughout with an e..."
Luxury | Living This large luxury four bedroom terraced house has been fully refurbished to a high standard throughout and arranged over for floors. This home offers a fantastic opportunity...
Spacious three bedroom chalet bungalow with converted garage annex with shared driveway and private front and rear gardens. Ideally situated in the sought after Rottingdean location. 
"**GUIDE PRICE £600,000-£650,000** A delightful semi-detached 1930s Mock Tudor house with much character and large south-west garden backing on to woodland. Enjoys a favourable position set back from the road in a desirable residential area close to the highly rated Westdene Primary School. The pr..."
"Situated in Rottingdean is this three bedroom semi detached property, recently renovated to a high standard."
"Peacefully positioned in a leafy close off Surrenden Road. Bordering the playing fields of Varndean College, this family home is perfectly positioned on the end of terrace. Useful side access through to the garden and a garage, this family home has buckets of potential to make your own."
"This beautiful home enjoys an elevated position ensuring wonderful views all year round, from the balcony especially the views are as far reaching as the sea on a clear day. The living accommodation offers flexibility and spans almost 1750 Square foot across 2 floors (excluding garage). The garde..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £600,000--£650,000. CHAIN FREE. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. Peacefully positioned on a leafy close in Surrenden, bordering the school playing fields of Varndean College, Balfour Primary and Dorothy Stringer, this terraced hous..."
"Offers Over £600,000 Beautifully renovated four bedroom family home in one of the most prestigious locations in Brighton. Benefiting from being recently refurbished, stunning rear garden and being sold with no onward chain."
"Guide Price £600,000 to £650,000......Presenting to the market this delightful four/five bedroom semi-detached property with a double storey side extension located in a highly sought after spot overlooking Westdene green. A bright and spacious entrance hall leads through to a modern fit..."
"A truly stunning and unique two bedroom duplex apartment situated at the top of an iconic contemporary building within the heart of Brighton city centre. Stunning city views from the private roof terrace, an allocated parking space and sold with no onward chain."
"OPEN HOUSE SATURDAY 25TH MARCH 2023 - by appointment only. *Guide price £600,000 - £650,000* Extended, three-storey family home with versatile space, work from home space and lovely size rear garden, with side access. Located in friendly neighbourhood which is quiet, close to schools and a short ..."
" ** Guide Price £600,000 - £650,000 **  Both the sea and Sussex sunshine stream through this beautiful, three bedroom apartment which soars above the English Channel and has use of a gated garden square and communal garden. On the top, 4th floor of a Grad..."
A stunning 3 bedroom Penthouse in Phase 1 of Home-X part of the Preston Barracks regeneration available to move in to now
"Chain Free! This deceptively large plot is home to a quaint detached bungalow in beautiful grounds. Situated opposite the nature reserve, it is on a set back, quiet road in Patcham but walking distance to local amenities and main bus routes."
"Set in the historic and elegant Chichester Terrace in the heart of Kemp Town, this regency apartment with over 1250 sq feet of space. Built circa 1855, this is an opportunity for buyers to enjoy a piece of history in a prime location. This property comes chain free and with a share in the freehol..."
"Attractive 3 bedrm semi det chalet with Private drive to garage and a South facing garden. Spacious light and airy accommodation. Lounge, conservatory, modern kit, dining rm, master bedrm with ensuite cloakrm, modern bathroom. First floor spacious landing, two further bedrms, Shower rm."
"Maslen Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this 4 bedroom semi-detached family home in a SOUGHT-AFTER AREA of Woodingdean, close to a FREQUENT BUS SERVICE offering EASY ACCESS TO THE CITY CENTRE. The MODERN, LIGHT & AIRY property has been tastefully decorated & benefits from far..."
"Beautifully renovated generous three-bedroom, two-bathroom apartment in the city centre surrounded by tranquil communal gardens."
"Embracing the glory of its location in a Grade II Regency square on Brighton seafront, this three bedroom maisonette faces south with uninterrupted views of the English Channel. Spanning the two top floors of the central house which is broader than the other homes, there is an astounding 111m2 (1..."
"This BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED 4 bedroom family home has just been tastefully transformed & completely refurbished including a new gas boiler, electrical system, LED lighting, kitchen units, sanitary ware & flooring & full external re-pointing carried out. The property benefits from good size MODERN,..."
"This UNIQUE 4 DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE is situated in a SOUGHT-AFTER AREA of Woodingdean. Highlights include the FLEXIBLE LIGHT & AIRY ACCOMMODATION, plenty of storage and office space both inside and outside the property, STUNNING VIEWS from the rear, especially the MASTER BEDROOM with..."
"This delightful bungalow is ideal for someone looking for a bright, airy, and spacious home with the potential to make it your own. With a large sunny rear garden to enjoy glorious sunshine throughout the entire day. This property has potential to extend subject to planning permission. Spacious r..."
"Situated in a POPULAR residential location is this spacious & characteristic three double bedroom detached chalet bungalow. The property benefits from off road parking & garage, two substantial rear gardens & stunning views of Woodingdean. The property is also offered for sale with no onward chai..."
"A deceptively spacious three-storey, mid-terrace house offering flexible and versatile accommodation. Situated in a popular residential area close to Fiveways and within close proximity to highly rated local schools. The lower ground floor has been converted by the current owner to create a delig..."
"Guide Price £575,000 - £625,000. Fantastic semi-detached family home with west facing garden. This superb property benefits from a ground floor rear extension with spacious accommodation comprising; three bedrooms, bathroom, cloakroom, utility room, lounge with bay windows and dining ro..."
"Excellent opportunity to purchase this 4 bedroom HMO with a tenancy in place to offer immediate return on investment. Situated in a student hot-bed, this property has been consistently and reliable let as to student sharers for an extended period of time. Nice finished with bells and whistles..."
"Grade 2 listed cottage situated in the heart of the Rottingdean conservation area. In need of updating. The accommodation comprises: 3 bedrooms, 2 reception rooms, kitchen, bathroom, front and rear gardens. Situated within reach of shops, restaurants, pubs, cafes in the high street and the beach."
"This property is 6 bedroom licensed HMO and has tenants lined up for summer 2023 till June 2024 at £3640 pcm/ £43,680 pa - and is priced for an 7.6% gross yield. This property presents 7 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms and 1 reception room and a garage and big sunny garden it is well maintained..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £575,000 - £600,000*** The perfect investment purchase! An entire freehold building currently arranged as a ground and lower ground floor garden maisonette, then a first and second floor maisonette. Both properties provide a total income of £3000 PCM. There is no onw..."
"Situated in the sought after Westdene area of Brighton within walking distance of the excellent local primary school, this spacious three bedroom semi-detached family home offers well-planned bright and airy accommodation with the potential to convert into the loft and out to the rear (STNC). "
"***Guide Price £575,000-£625,000**** Robert Luff & Co are delighted to bring to market this three bedroom semi detached house located on Sanyhils Avenue, in the heart of Patcham. The location will appeal to many being within easy reach of popular local shops and amenities in Patcham Vill..."
"*** OFFERS IN THE REGION OF £575,000 *** A WELL-PRESENTED AND GENEROUSLY-SIZED THREE BEDROOM TERRACED FAMILY HOME WITH AN ATTRACTIVE GOOD-SIZED REAR GARDEN LOCATED IN BRIGHTON. Situated between Hartington Road and Elm Grove, this sizeable family home is classically arr..."
"A very well presented two bedroom house with allocated parking, located in a gated mews in the heart of Brighton city centre close to The Royal Pavilion."
"GUIDE PRICE £575,000 - £625,000 A simply stunning two double bedroom top floor apartment offered to market in fantastic condition throughout and situated in one of Preston Parks most prestigious roads."
"A significantly upgraded and beautifully presented three bedroom semi-detached home in a cul-de-sac location in the highly sought after suburb of Woodingdean, Brighton. The property enjoys fabulous elevated views across the South Downs towards the English Channel and is surrounded by a variety o..."
"A well presented refurbished family home in highly sought after North Woodingdean, just moments from the South Downs, country walks and high street, you could not to be better placed for local amenities and schools. Uniquely this property offers a 24 foot office / games room (with garage frontage..."
"This is a well presented detached three bedroom bungalow situated in this sought after elevated position in Saltdean with westerly rear garden and open views to the rear. Comprising: lounge with open fireplace, contemporary bathroom, fitted kitchen with appliances, garage with private driveway."
"A prime Marina location with spectacular harbour views from the south facing, sun soaked balconies off the glamorous kitchen diner and sophisticated reception, this spectacular waterfront duplex has three double bedrooms, all ensuite, and delivers a luxury coastal lifestyle with a designer finish..."
This BEAUTIFUL 3 BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE is situated in the SOUGHT-AFTER HANOVER AREA and is presented in EXCELLENT DECORATIVE ORDER with modern kitchen and bathroom and SPACIOUS THROUGH LOUNGE/DINING ROOM. All three bedrooms are WELL PROPORTIONED. The property offers GOOD SIZED ACCOMMODATION and ...
"A Lovely Newly Refurbished Four Bedroom Period Terraced House, Close to the Beach. The property comprises: entrance lobby, reception room, four bedrooms, new fully fitted kitchen with inset electric oven and gas hob with double doors to patio, ground floor cloak room, luxury bathroom, en- sui..."
"An attractive four-bedroom mid-terrace family home with a 75´ (approx) rear garden, situated in an admired location of Brighton, moments from Fiveways and many schools that cater for all ages."
** STUNNING END OF TERRACE HANOVER HOME ** One of the finest examples of a Victorian family home we have seen in some time. The sellers have an exquisite eye to detail and internal viewing is essential to appreciate this charming home. Laid out over 3 floors with a large open plan living room and...
HUGE potential and CHAIN FREE - this beautiful home is just waiting for new owners to make it their own. In a sought-after area of Woodingdean this property offers plenty of scope for extension subject to the necessary planning consents. Being in need of a cosmetic make over this property is also...
"With a generous 105.8m2 (1139sq.ft) to enjoy over two storeys, this four bedroom maisonette in an historic house has space and grace. With the sea at one end of this beautiful Regency terrace and the alfresco, relaxed lifestyle of Kemptown at the other, elegant period proportions are instantly re..."
"Looking for a picturesque family home with spacious living? Or you need self-contained space for a teenager? Try your hand at airbnb? This semi-detached house has the potential! The self-contained studio room can only have an electric plug in oven/hob, so is easily removed. With breath-taking vie..."
| INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY | 5 DOUBLE BEDROOMS | IDEAL STUDENT HOUSE | PERFECT LOCATION | 
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £561,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £850,000"
"OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £575,000 A charming end of terrace, three bedroom family home located on the ever popular Hanover. Spread over four floors, with three double bedrooms one with an ensuite shower room, an open plan family kitchen - living space, separate reception room and two bathrooms a..."
"Guide Price £550,000-£575,000 Avard Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom period Victorian house situated in the popular Ditchling Rise area of Brighton. Located between the Fiveways and the popular 'Level area'. There are local shops and cafes nearby and it'..."
"Yopa are delighted to offer this very well presented and lovingly maintained, spacious three bedroom bungalow with a large driveway and separate garage. This property benefits from a lovely tiered rear garden with stunning views in the most sought after area of Woodingdean, Brighton."
"Situated in this sought-after area of Woodingdean is this LIGHT & AIRY 3 double bedroom semi-detached family home which benefits from GOOD SIZE ACCOMMODATION, a private driveway & a well-maintained rear garden. Some of the property highlights include the STUNNING VIEWS, garage, conservatory & dow..."
"This lovely, detached bungalow is situated in a quiet close set back from main roads. With fantastic size rooms, a quaint low maintenance garden, this bungalow has room for improvement, ready for you to put your own stamp on!"
"GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £600,000 Directly overlooking an open green with beautiful far reaching views is this spacious four bedroom detached chalet bungalow. The ground floor accommodation features a 28' living/dining room with patio doors leading out to the garden, modern fitted kitchen,..."
"Guide Price £550,000-£575,000 Avard Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this fantastic 5 bedroom end of terraced house spanning over 4 floors. The property sits on a popular street in an ideal location close to Lewes Road with easy access to the A27 and just a short stroll from M..."
"** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY ** A five double bedroom HMO property in a great student location, currently let for £2708.00 pcm until 29/7/23. The spacious accommodation is presented in good condition and comprises five generously sized bedrooms, high-end bathroom and shower room, separate kitchen a..."
"** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY ** A well-presented five double bedroom HMO property in a great student location which is currently let for £2708.00 pcm until 21/7/23. The property comprises five generously sized bedrooms, kitchen with archway to living room, bathroom plus shower room. Situated in a ..."
** 2 BEDROOM END OF TERRACE WITH PLANNING FOR FURTHER PROPERTY ** A opportunity to purchase a 2 bedroom spacious end of terrace house with planning permission subject to conditions being met on land to the side of it for a further 2 bedroom property. Situated in a popular residential area in Cold...
"A stunning three bedroom, bay fronted Victorian family home which has been significantly refurbished throughout. The property is conveniently positioned on Lynton Street, nestled just off Elm Grove, within easy walking distance to Brighton Station, North Laine district, the city centre and excell..."
"A rear opportunity to purchase a Detached house in the popular Hollingdean. This home is truly unique, with amazing views over the rooftops of Brighton and down towards the sea and with plenty of space for the whole family."
"A rare find, an extended semi detached bungalow all on one level. The property boasts a lovely lawned rear garden and shared driveway with enough space for a medium size car to be parked outside the garage. The property has been extended full width at the rear creating a lovely lounge dining room..."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire a four bedroom family home located within the sought after area of Westdene. This semi-detached chalet home is of excellent proportions and provides substantial living space internally. The ground floor accommodation briefly comprises: reception hallway...
A WELL-PRESENTED 3 bedroom bungalow situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in NORTH WOODINGDEAN. The property benefits from an OPEN PLAN living space which looks out onto a west facing astroturfed garden. There is OFF STREET PARKING with a two car drive and the property is also close by to local amenitie...
"*** GREAT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** An attractive red brick period property with HMO licence for five people, currently let until 15/08/23 at £2,708 pcm, then from 25/08/23 at £2,925 pcm. Prime location for student letting, just off Lewes Road, close to city centre, local shops and frequent ..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £550,000--£600,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. Full of light with a spacious, sunny patio at the back, this three bedroom 1901 terraced house is a rare beauty, tucked away in a quiet but convenient area of our city popular with professio..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £550,000--£575,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. Inviting company with its sunny walled garden and spacious, light rooms offering the choice should you wish to work from home; this Victorian three bedroom house has immense period charm an..."
"Guide Price £550,000 - £575,000 Updating required throughout, rarely available detached home in one of the most sought-after locations in Woodingdean. In a quiet cul de sac this extended family home offers fantastic potential to make it your own. A delightful garden offers wonderful far-reaching ..."
"Occupying a prominent residential location in Kemp Town, set slightly back from the main Coast Road and being readily accessible to local shopping facilities in St Georges's Road, Brighton Marina Village with its varied range of leisure facilities, East Brighton Park and Golf Course"
"This recently build house is a great investment opportunity and currently rents for approximately £45,000 per year. it is in very good condition and is being sold with the current tenants in situ. Located on the East of Brighton, inland from The Marina and is in a popular area."
"GUIDE PRICE - £550,000 - £600,000 Leafy Green Westdene. Neighbouring the sought after Westdene Primary School is this spacious three bedroom semi detached family home with a useful attic room. WE LOVE the spacious 23' x 10' kitchen dining room with modern fitted and units and plenty of..."
"* Offers Over - £550,000 * Spacious detached chalet bungalow with FIVE bedrooms. The lounge/dining room has been extended to offer a great living area. The property also has a private driveway, garage and a WEST facing garden."
"Fantastic 1950's mid terraced house with spacious accommodation arranged over three floors. The property offers flexibility in its layout and is currently arranged as three bedrooms, with two reception rooms, although there is certainly the possibility of creating a fourth bedroom if required. Th..."
"*Guide Price £550,000-£575,000* Beautifully presented three storey period home located on a quiet one-way street in the West Hill conservation area, moments away from Brighton railway station and the city centre."
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire this three-bedroom, semi-detached family home ideally located within a sought-after area of Patcham."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £575,000 *** Robert Luff & Co are delighted to bring to market this spacious four bedroom mid terrace house located in Hollingdean. Hollingdean Terrace is situated close to local shops in the Dip and also Fiveways which offers a wide variety of local businesses..."
"This is a great house located in a quiet cul-de-sac that is being sold with no chain, it also benefits from having a garage which is a rarity for the local area."
"GUIDE PRICE; £550,000--£600,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. With three bright bedrooms, a large attic room and sunny west garden this appealing terraced house is an ideal buy or investment. In an area of the city popular with professionals and famili..."
"Guide Price £550,000 to £575,000 Lextons are delighted to offer to market a wonderfully presented 2/3 bedroom home situated in the highly desirable Roundhill Conservation Area. This crisp, clean and contemporary home ticks all the boxes when it comes to modern design. Upon enter..."
"Avard estate agents are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented ground floor three-bedroom apartment located by the seaside. Accommodation comprises of 3 double bedrooms, living room/dining room with views across to the West Pier, separate kitchen and contemporary walk-in shower ro..."
"** GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £600,000 ** Beautifully decorated in classic style, this charming three bedroom, double fronted house has generous Victorian proportions and a patio to enjoy. Just a 1 minute stroll from Rottingdean’s vibrant High Street and 4 from the beach ..."
"An impressive immaculately presented detached bungalow measuring almost 1240 square feet. The accommodation is bright and spacious and offers wonderful views over Woodingdean and neighbouring countryside. If so, desired this property could quite easily be extended subject to the necessary plannin..."
"A wonderful and stylish, two-bedroom cottage situated moments from Brighton Mainline Station and the bustling North Laine District."
"GUIDE PRICE: £550,000--£600,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. Perched up on the hill in Hollingbury, with far-reaching views over the local landscape, sits this well-presented three-bedroom chalet bungalow. It has been well-maintained by the current ow..."
"Superb two bedroom apartment with spectacular sea views and no onward chain. This beautifully presented two bedroom apartment occupies the 15th floor with breath taking views across Brighton and beyond. The property has been well maintained throughout, comprising; two double bedrooms, one benefit..."
"A newly refurbished, two bedroom, spacious purpose-built apartment with south-west-facing balcony situated on the fourth floor of the prestigious and sought-after Greenacres development in Preston Park Avenue. Occupying a favoured and elevated position at the front of the building, directly oppos..."
"*** £550,000 - £575,000 *** This lovely semi-detached property benefits from an entrance hall with downstairs W/C, once you walk out of the hallway you are met with an open plan lounge-dinner and separate kitchen. The lounge diner then leads out to a sizable rear garden over 3 ti..."
"A three bedroom, DETACHED CHALET BUNGALOW offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN located in a popular CUL-DE-SAC, close to bus services providing easy access into the city centre."
"* READY TO MOVE INTO NOW * Enjoying stunning views across Brighton and Hove, this two bedroom apartment comes complete with integrated appliances, high specification finish throughout and flooring. Situated in Central Brighton within close proximity to the seafront."
This generous semi-detached family house is sat on a fantastic corner plot along with a double and single garage! With lovely size rooms and a huge rear garden this home is ready for someone to put their stamp on! With room for improvement and potential for further development (subject to plannin...
"End of Terrace house with four bedrooms, two bathrooms and West Facing patio garden. It was build more recently than most properties in the surrounding area giving a modern build with period charm."
"**GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £575,000** Boasting an enviable address and a quiet tucked away position, this four double bedroom semi-detached family home is located only moments from the heart of Rottingdean village with a wonderful village pond, high street and seafront. Well arranged accommodation..."
"** Guide Price - £550,000 - £600,000 ** Grade II Listed Cottage which occupies a prime position in the heart of Rottingdean village in need of refurbishment."
"**COME AND VIEW YOUR SELECTED APARTMENT** 37 Edward Street Quarter is part of Brighton's newest eclectic community where the best of the city will live, mix and meet. 60 luxurious one, two and three bed apartments, minutes from the sea and city centre; many with stunning coastal views. If you..."
"2 Bedroom Apartment - Available to Reserve Quality living in a convenient location The Mews presents the opportunity to live in a popular area of Brighton offering a mix of one, two and three bedroom homes. Benefitting from a secure gated setting, these properties feature im..."
"* SHOW FLAT AVAILABLE TO VIEW - CALL NOW TO BOOK * Plot 10. Situated on the first floor is this BRAND NEW two bedroom apartment. Boasting spacious living accommodation, high specification throughout and situated in the desirable village of Rottingdean. PART EXCHANGE AVAILABLE"
"A superbly appointed west facing third floor apartment located in the sought after Brighton Marina Village. Direct sea views, two spacious double bedrooms, bathroom, en-suite shower room, open plan living space and a west facing balcony."
"Penthouse with a view to die for is exactly what you will find in the historical Chain Pier House. The lift will take you upstairs, and allow you to sit on your private roof terrace staring out to see. The most perfect view for all seasons, and priced with selling in mind.
An allocated parking sp..."
"A very well presented and positioned, west facing second floor apartment located in the sought after Brighton Marina Village. Direct sea views, two spacious double bedrooms, bathroom, en-suite shower room, open plan living space and a west facing balcony."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £528,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £800,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £528,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £800,000"
"Situated in this sought after road in Woodingdean is this LIGHT & AIRY 2 double bedroom detached bungalow. Some of the property highlights include the PRIVATE DRIVEWAY, garage, the SUBSTANTIAL garden area, the good size accommodation & the raised decked seating area. Viewings are highly recommend..."
"Water laps against boats at anchor which you can enjoy from the ground floor, 18 metre terrace facing west for the sun with views over your own mooring. Brighton Marina is a popular location with restaurants and casino, and surrounded by the sea, this prime waterfront two-bedroom apartment is wit..."
"Deceptively spacious with two double bedrooms spread over four substantial floors, this Victorian terrace home is ideal for any growing family. It bears many original features which have been restored and renovated to bring it shining into the 21st Century."
"Avard estate agents are delighted to offer for sale this 2 bedroom mid terraced house. The property does require some updating but is a fantastic prospect and must be viewed to be fully appreciated. The property is situated off the main busy road, in a quiet crescent but at the same time being cl..."
"This beautiful terraced family house has been finished to a fantastic, modern standard. With a large hallway and a sizeable cloakroom there is plenty of room for buggies and shopping. The stunning open plan kitchen and lounge dining area leads to the lovely flat, rear garden. With great size bedr..."
"Situated near Brighton hospital, Lewes Road & Brighton racecourse this location ticks all the boxes. Decorated beautifully throughout, this family home is super spacious, with additional handy basement storage area too. Step through the double French doors into the low maintenance rear garden. Of..."
"A two bedroom Victorian terraced home situated close to Preston Circus. London Road station is within a few minutes walk and there is easy access to the city centre. The property requires modernisation and benefits from no onward chain. LORNE ROAD - TWO BEDROOM HOUSE - £525,000 - VIEWING BY AP..."
"A very rare opportunity has arisen to acquire this stunningly presented, 2 bedroom, ground floor apartment which benefits from a large waterside patio and access to your own 12 meter mooring. The property has been beautifully upgraded and with all the main rooms overlooking the water the ambience..."
"Price Guide: £525,000 - £550,000 This delightful LIGHT & AIRY 2 bedroom detached bungalow is situated in this sought after area of NORTH WOODINGDEAN. Some of the property highlights include the conservatory, MODERN KITCHEN & BATHROOM, private low-maintenance rear garden, GARAGE & off road parkin..."
"A wonderful four-bedroom semi detached house. Not only does the home offer generous proportions throughout, but it also has a wonderful summer house which can be used as a guest suite or office space."
An exciting opportunity to purchase a very well presented four-bedroom semi-detached family home situated on the popular Braeside Avenue – one of just six of such a bespoke design!
"*Guide Price £525,000- £550,000* Beautifully presented throughout, this terrace house is a fantastic family home. Located in the popular Hollingdean area, close to Fiveways and excellent schools. New kitchen and bathroom unpack your bags and move straight in!"
"A STUNNING 3 BEDROOM extended VICTORIAN house located within the SOUGHT-AFTER HANOVER district of the city close to independent shops, cafes and pubs. The property has light & airy accommodation including a SPACIOUS THROUGH LOUNGE/DINING ROOM and newly fitted modern kitchen and bathroom. To the ..."
"A spacious 3 storey, 3 / 4 bedroom family home, considered to be in good order with a West facing patio garden, perfect for afternoon/early evening sun. A real feature of this home is the extended living room with 'French' doors out to the patio garden, providing lots of natural light. Th..."
"Offering a luxury lifestyle with sea views whenever you leave the building, this stylish two bedroom apartment in a classically beautiful Regency terrace has a great blend of generous proportions and contemporary sophistication. The private living/dining room is stunning with a vaulted skylight a..."
"Rottingdean Place is an exclusive development with residents own swimming pool, sauna, gym, tennis courts & over 15 acres of gardens & countryside. BEHIND THE SECURE GATED ENTRANCE LIES THIS unique 2 double bedroom first floor apartment & is a one of a kind property. This apartment benefits from ..."
This stylish semi-detached home offers fantastic bright and spacious living spaces throughout. Beautifully presented the open plan kitchen/dining area is ideal for entertaining and flows effortlessly onto the generous sunny rear garden. Double bedrooms and bathrooms are spread over both floors fo...
"***GUIDE PRICE £500,000-£550,000*** Set in a striking Regency building, this lovely apartment is offered with no forward chain. This lovely property has been very well-maintained and decorated throughout with accommodation spanning just over 1,000 square feet. ..."
"Justin Lloyd are delighted to offer this large four bedroom family house with both front and back garden, driveway and garage. This family home is located in Woodingdean with great views over Ovingdean, along with sea views from the front of the property."
Semi detached two bedroom bungalow with off street parking and delightful rear garden.
"GUIDE PRICE ~ £500,000-£525,000 This MUST SEE incredible SHARE OF FREEHOLD apartment is planted in a beautifully designed Victorian Terrace building, in the heart of Clifton Hill conversation area. With a PRIVATE ENTRANCE & TWO PRIVATE PATIO TERRACES it's not something to mis..."
This stunning apartment offers spectacular sea views and plenty of natural light
"Three storey three bedroom period terraced house with garden located in the popular residential area of Hanover within a short walk of the city centre, seafront, good schools, shops and excellent local facilities."
"*Guide price £500,000-£525,000* Deceptively spacious, in this highly desirable area of Hanover close to town, shops, station. With the wonderful Hanover community with a wealth of cafes and quaint bars giving this area a welcoming feel. Ideal layout for those home working, living with family or f..."
"Three bed, semidetached family home located in Elm Grove. This property benefits from 3 double bedrooms, spacious lounge, separate dining room which leads to the kitchen. The property benefits from front & rear garden and a driveway. The property is located on Elm Grove, near the B..."
"HMO | This mid terrace house is a great investment opportunity achieving an excellent annual yield. Presented in very good condition, it is being sold with the current tenants in situ and is located on the East of Brighton, inland from The Marina in a highly sought after residential area."
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £550,000 Nestled on a quiet road in Brighton, North Gardens is a wonderful three-bedroom terraced property with garage. Situated moments from Brighton Station, this property is ideal for anyone looking to make the most of Brighton's independent shops and cafes, as ..."
"Situated on the first floor of this beautiful building with views across the park, big windows and lots of light. You are walking distance to the train station and within the 'Golden Triangle' area of popular Fiveways with coffee shops, local shops and foodie pubs and a friendly community. Virtua..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £525,000 *** Robert Luff & Co are delighted to offer to market this stunning former school principals accommodation and office fully restored to it’s former regency splendour with no expense spared. The property enjoys the entire ground floor with its own outsi..."
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £525,000 Tucked away within the leafy environs of Patcham Old Village, this historic two-bedroom cottage is beautiful both inside and out, having been recently renovated to exacting standards using only the finest materials and craftmanship. Originally a 16th Centu..."
"Kendrick Property Services are delighted to offer for sale this 4 bedroom home which is split over 3 floors. This property is ideally located close to Lewes Road which offers many shopping facilities all within a very short walk. Public Transport is also very close, with buses running into the ce..."
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 to £525,000 Avard Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this fantastic three bedroom property spanning over three floors forming part of this well maintained period building. This lovely maisonette benefits from being updated to a very high standard by curren..."
"An opportunity to acquire a luxury, two bedroom duplex apartment in one of the best locations in Brighton. These rarely come up for sale, so viewing is highly recommended. The apartment, has a bright and spacious open plan living area, the property is in great decorative order and offers a fully ..."
This is a charming house which offers buyers huge potential to extend and convert (STNPC). It currently offers versatile living and could be used as a two/three bedroom house. It is being sold with no chain and will prove popular.
"Superb light & airy 2 Bedroom GF gdn flat. Sit in a wonderful residential location close to Preston Park and three train stations. Some Oak Flooring, Good dec order with some period features Excellent size Lounge with mod kitchen, mod bathrm large master bedrm. Private rear Garden Gas heating."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £500,000 *** THE FINEST ONE BEDROOM GARDEN APARTMENT CURRENTLY AVAILABLE IN BRIGHTON & HOVE. SET ON THE GROUND FLOOR OF AN IMPRESSIVE GRADE II LISTED SEASIDE TOWNHOUSE WITH A GENEROUS FULLY-LANDSCAPED WEST FACING GARDEN. Set on the slightly raised g..."
"Robert Luff & Co are delighted to offer to market this two-bedroom, two-bathroom apartment located in Aylwin House on Dyke Road Avenue. Aylwin House is located in a prime location in Brighton, offering easy access to a range of amenities. The area is well-connected with excellent transport links,..."
"Enjoying an elevated position and exceptional views this beautiful home is definitely one for the short list! Immaculately presented throughout, you could quite literally move in, unpack and enjoy your new home and stunning surroundings without having to lift a finger! The location itself is high..."
"** 3 BEDROOM MASIONETTE WITH ROOF TERRACE ** A well presented 3 bedroom maisonette in a sought after location near Lewes road, London road and the level in central Brighton close to local bus links and shops. Features include a open plan fitted kitchen with living room a fitted bathroom, roof ter..."
"A newly refurbished 3 bedroom maisonette, modernised and finished to a high standard throughout. The property will be sold with vacant possession on a lengthy lease, features ORP for a small car or motorbike, a garage and a small outside terrace. "
"Guide Price £500,000-£525,000Fabulous 3 double bedroom semi detached chalet bungalow with 2 bathrooms, G.C.H..,D.G., Off Road Parking, Modern Kitchen with integrated appliances, Front & rear Gardens with views of the South Downs. Situated in this sought after location close to amenities. SOLE AGENTS"
This lovely bungalow is situated in West Saltdean and offers a good amount of space for a family home. The property consists of 2 good size bedrooms to the front with views across...
"SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM THIRD FLOOR APARTMENT IN AWARD WINNING DESIGN 'BERKLEY HOMES' BLOCK WITH TWO BALCONIES & ALLOCATED CAR PARKING SPACE. Two double bedroom third floor apartment in Preston Mansions, a beautiful modern block of luxury apartments, completed in 2006, built by 'Berkley Hom..."
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000-£550,000 This attractive semi detached home is positioned directly opposite Westdene Green. The accommodation whilst requiring some modernisation is currently configured with the ground floor comprising two reception rooms, a family bathroom, fitted kitchen, conserva..."
"***Guide Price £250,000 - £265,000*** A fantastic opportunity to acquire this spacious apartment occupying the ground floor of an imposing double fronted Victorian building and is situated in one of Brighton's hot-spot location. The property is in good condition and comes with high ceil..."
"Let at £2,000pcm until July 2023, Woodingdean is a sought after area popular with professionals, families and investors as it is quiet but connected with local shops, cafes, restaurants and bus routes into the city and station around the corner- which also gives older children a degree of i..."
"Located on what is considered Hanover's prime location at the bottom of the hill, between Islingword Road and Southover Street. It is a very attractive one way street, with the houses set back from the road, with the luxury of a front and rear garden, rare in Hanover. A perfect location for a..."
Whitlock and Heaps are delighted to offer to market this individual two bedroom terrace property being presented in excellent order throughout with an electric garage door to the ground floor parking and storage area with steps leading to the private rear terrace and living accommodation arranged...
"A CHAIN FREE, very generously proportioned three-bedroom two-bathroom apartment with LIFT and SEA VIEWS, in an attractive Regency building overooking New Steine gardens, just a mile from Brighton train station and a block from the seafront!"
"Property number 48381.
Beautiful two-bedroom First floor flat"
"Situated in NORTH WOODINGDEAN is this TASTEFULLY PRESENTED 3 double bedroom semi-detached chalet bungalow which provides good size, FLEXIBLE, LIGHT & AIRY accommodation. Some of the property highlights include the MODERN FAMILY BATHROOM, en-suite to the master bedroom & the well-presented kitchen..."
"Exquisite Luxury 3 Bedroom Apartment With Stunning Sea Views | This stunning Kemp Town seafront apartment features breath taking sea views, three double bedrooms and has been finished to an immaculately high standard throughout - viewings are an absolute must!"
"Tucked away from the hubbub of Western Road and Seven Dials, while remaining in close walking distance, stand the Grade II listed townhouses of Norfolk Terrace. This exceptionally spacious one-bedroom garden flat is formed from the entire ground floor of one, so it has the soaring ceilings and or..."
"A well presented two double bedroom detached house situated in a popular residential location in West Saltdean. The property offers a spacious double aspect living room with open fire and doors leading out to a large pitched roof, south facing conservatory. There is a modern fitted kitchen with s..."
Three bedroom detached home situated in a desirable location not far from Rottingdean village.
"A spacious two bedroom detached house situated in a highly sought after location close to local amenities and bus routes. The property is in need of modernisation but does benefit from large double aspect living room, kitchen overlooking the rear gardens with large lean to, ground floor bathroom ..."
"***Guide Price £500,000 - £550,000*** We are delighted to offer to the market this stunning four-bedroom property which is situated over two floors in this beautiful semi-detached Victorian villa on a lovely quiet road. On the first floor of this superb home is a large hallway,..."
"*Guide price £500,0000 - £550,000* Ground floor apartment being sold with joint ownership of the freehold. Parking space, private garage and patio garden. Fiveways is a friendly neighbourhood with a good sense of community. All main rooms are air conditioned, easily controlled for cooling and hea..."
"*Guide Price £500,000- £550,000* Family home with accommodation across four floors with lovely roof top views from upstairs, a great sociable space for entertaining downstairs which leads to the sunny rear garden and you are close to excellent local schools and popular parks."
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000-£550,000 This attractive semi detached home is positioned directly opposite Westdene Green forming one of two mock Tudor homes. The accommodation whilst requiring some modernisation is currently configured with the ground floor comprising a living room overlooking th..."
"Well-presented 4 bed chalet bungalow, located in a sought after location in Brighton. Accommodation comprises of on the ground floor, hallway, living room, kitchen with stylish freestanding units and butler sink, wet room with w/c and two double bedrooms. Stairs to first floor, landing, two bedro..."
"Bright and spacious four bedroom mews house forming part of a modern gated community (built 2016). An energy-efficient home with solar panels, underfloor heating and an energy rating of B90. Contemporary and well-presented accommodation arranged over three levels, comprising open-plan living/dini..."
"Fox and sons are delighted to offer this bright well laid-out garden flat, situated within the highly sought after Hanover district of Brighton. With two generous bedrooms and two bathrooms, personal terrace leading-onto communal gardens and open plan living, this a must see!"
"*Guide Price £500,000-£525,000* An exceptionally well-presented house, a fabulous family home, with its spacious open plan kitchen/breakfast area ideal for entertaining, all bedrooms are double so everyone has ample space, the extensive utility room would also make a home working office, generous..."
6 bedroom HMO which is being sold with tenant in situ. It would make an ideal investment and is close to the Royal County Hospital. Please contact us to arrange viewings and answer any questions you may have.
"Lee Quigley eXp Local Bespoke Property Expert is delighted to bring to the market this Three Bedroom Home situated on the Seafront of Rottingdean. Ideally situated on Rottingdean Seafront, this THREE FLOOR PERIOD PROPERTY with THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, large kitchen and bathroom is on the market ..."
"Fox & Sons are delighted to market this stunning four bedroom end of terraced house, situated on Bevendean Road. The property benefits from accommodation over three floors, four bedrooms, two bathrooms, generous living/kitchen area, sunny rear garden and off-road parking. This is a must see!"
"OPEN HOUSE THIS SATURDAY (18TH MARCH) - by appointment only. A very tidy and well-presented spacious house. Light, bright, and great for a family and for those wishing to work from home, with a home office set up downstairs and open plan living. The conservatory gives all year round views of the ..."
"£500,000 - £525,000 ** 3 BEDROOM HOME, OVER 3 FLOORS, LOCATED CLOSE TO QUEENS PARK ** A very well presented Hanover home on a very neighbourly road, located towards the top of Hanover. An impressive large through lounge/diner with a wood burner and wooden floor. Kitchen to the rear. A..."
"Located in an impressive Grade II listed townhouse with a generous fully-landscaped West facing garden, this is the most prestigious one bedroom garden apartment currently available in Brighton & Hove. "
"LAST REMAINING two bedroom apartment located in this stunning refurbished new build development. Boasting two bathrooms, this apartment has views over the tree lined street."
"** LAST TWO BEDROOM REMAINING ** The Heritage Collection, newly renovated elegant two bedroom apartment, boasting lovingly restored period features. Located in the West Hill conservation area, ideal for Brighton station."
"**PLOT OF THE WEEK** Beautifully appointed two bedroom first floor apartment in the heart of the city, overlooking Victoria Gardens. Part of a contemporary development including residents' co-working space and gym."
"Double fronted, detached, four bedroom chalet bungalow with two reception rooms, separate kitchen and a southerly aspect low maintenance garden, located in a popular family area. The property benefits from a single garage and workshop, with side access to the rear garden and stunning views to the..."
"* LAUNCH EVENT SATURDAY 28TH JANUARY - CALL NOW TO BOOK * ECO FRIENDLY Three bedroom Terraced Home using Passivhaus principles situated on the outskirts of Brighton. Complete with a fully fitted kitchen, under floor heating and flooring throughout."
"Fox & Sons are excited to bring to market this semi-detached bungalow, comprising of two bedrooms, loft room, kitchen, bathroom, living room, shared driveway, parking to front and large rear garden. Viewings are highly recommended."
"Open to Offers! A charming detached bungalow with large bright rooms throughout. Fantastic location close to a large park and great walks. Beautiful garden that has been lovingly kept over the years and enjoys sun throughout the day. Potential to extend subject to planning, handy off street parki..."
"Streamlined yachts and the distant glitter of harbourside restaurants form a spectacular backdrop to this glamorous, two bedroom apartment which delivers a prime, waterfront lifestyle within Brighton’s cosmopolitan Marina. Both of the double bedrooms enjoy picture perfect views over the mai..."
"A wonderful two-bedroom house located in the heart of Kemp Town Village. Split over four floors, this deceptively large two-bedroom home has ample living space, a south facing patio and is a very short walk from the seafront, as well as all of the shops, café´s and restaurants that Kemp..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £485,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £735,000"
"A beautifully presented ground floor three bedroom deco apartment in this iconic building. Boasting 3 double bedrooms a bow fronted living room with views across to the West Pier, separate kitchen and modern bathroom. This immaculately presented apartment comes with a Share Of Freehold. Internal ..."
"A beautiful and spacious patio apartment located on Kemp Town Seafront, which benefits from its own private entrance. Featuring a large master bedroom, spacious second bedroom with en-suite, and family bathroom. A modern fitted kitchen and an exceptionally large patio garden. SOLD WITH VACANT POS..."
A very nicely presented two bedroom apartment forming part of the second floor of a modern purpose built block in the sought after Brighton Marina Village. The apartment is approached via very well maintained public ways and passenger lift. It has a balcony that enjoys westerly views and is offer...
"** 4 BEDROOM CENTRAL HANOVER HMO FOR SALE WITH TENANTS IN SITU TILL EARLY AUGUST 2023 ** A great investment producing £2250 per calendar month, £27,000 per annum. This is a modern home, built in the late 1990's, laid out over 3 floors with 2 bedrooms and a cloakroom on the ground floo..."
"** IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY ** A substantial six bedroom licensed HMO property with potential for high rental returns, benefitting from a two storey side extension plus conservatory to rear, increasing the original footprint considerably. The accommodation consists of six bedrooms, two sh..."
"***£475,000 - £500,000*** Well Presented, Victorian, mid terraced house located in a highly desirable area of Brighton. Accommodation comprises of open plan living area, kitchen, 3 Double bedrooms and family bathroom. the property also benefits from a private rear garden, fu..."
"GUIDE PRICE £475,000 to £500,000 This extended family home features a spacious through lounge dining room with Karndean wood flooring and an open plan modern kitchen, creating a great social living space. The living room has plenty of space for sofa's and a dining table and chairs. From ..."
"The picturesque painted terraces of Hanover rise from the leafy level at the heart of the city to the playground and tennis courts of Queen’s Park, and this characterful two/three bedroom Victorian house between the two has a plenty of space for entertaining inside - or out in the sunny gar..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £475,000 - £500,000 *** ADJACENT TO THE SEAFRONT IN A FAMOUS BRIGHOTN SQUARE . A SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM TOP FLOOR MAISONETTE WITH A SOUTH FACING ROOF TERRACE. SHARE OF FREEHOLD AND NO ONWARD CHAIN. This well-presented top-floor maisonette offers a..."
"Sold with no chain, a stylish two double bedroom seafront flat which has direct sea views and benefits from having residents parking and a lift in the building."
"A beautifully presented, two double bedroom, mews house with garage & off road parking, the property is sold with no onward chain."
"**GUIDE PRICE £475,000 - £525,000** Offered with no onward chain and boasting a prominent position on Rottingdean's historical High Street, we are pleased to be able to offer a wonderful opportunity to acquire this charming Grade II listed flint fronted character cottage, which is surprisingly ar..."
**CENTRAL BRIGHTON LOCATION | 3 BEDROOMS | PATIO COURTYARD | NO ONWARD CHAIN**
"Three double bedroom semi-detached bungalow sold with no chain. Private parking infront of the house, and a shared driveway leads to the garage.Both bathrooms are renovated, west facing garden with stunning sea view, conservatory with new glass roof, hard wood decking & hot tub in the garden."
"A very well presented, second floor, three bedroom apartment located in a central position close to Brighton seafront and Steine Gardens."
"*ATTENTION INVESTORS* A licensed 5 bedroom HMO situated in a prime spot for students, just a short walk from Brighton University Moulsecoomb campus and frequent transport links to other campuses and the city centre. Accommodation comprises of lounge, kitchen and 2 bedrooms on the the ground floo..."
"*ATTENTION INVESTORS* A licensed 5 bedroom HMO situated in a popular student location, within walking of Brighton University Moulsecoomb campus and frequent transport links to the city centre. Accommodation comprises of lounge, kitchen and 2 bedrooms on the the ground floor, 3 bedrooms, bathroom ..."
"This stunning and recently constructed semi-detached family house offers beautiful features throughout. Immaculately presented with sleek and stylish decor, en suite to principal bedroom, off street parking and the Downs on your doorstep, all offered with no onward chain. The location here is fan..."
" A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, two double bedroom, mews house forming part of a GATED DEVELOPMENT offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, immediate vacant possession and GARAGE."
"VILLAGE PEOPLE! This pretty cottage is set in the heart of the Old Village in Patcham encompassing all that is great with a village setting. The location is considered to be excellent with a local bakery, Co-op, hardware store, delicatessen's, and a selection of cafes. The ground floor accommodat..."
"Step inside this modern 2 bedroom maisonette on Queen’s Road in the centre of Brighton. Located over two floors, the first floor of this stunning duplex is dedicated to an open-plan lounge and kitchen area and a WC while the second floor is comprised of two double bedrooms and a lar..."
"OIEO £475,000Bloomsbury Street, Brighton. Located within the heart of kemp town village and just a stones throw from Brighton's iconic beach. This is one of the most sought after locations, within close proximity are a variety of local shops, quaint cafes, restaurants and bars, al..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £500,000 to £550,000**Three bedroom semi detached chalet bungalow in Patcham Village which has been extended to provide two bedrooms and an en suite bathroom in the loft space of the property. "
"A spacious and bright modern house, well decorated, with open plan living, in Hanover close to Queens Park and in the catchment of St Luke's School"
"GUIDE PRICE : £475,000 - £525,000. VIEWING BY APPOINTMENT ONLY. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST With Brighton’s vibrant North Laine and Mainline Station within easy walking distance, and excellent transport links to the universities nearby..."
"A WELL PROPORTIONED 3 bedroom semi-detached FAMILY HOME situated in a POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION. The property is in need of some modernisation and updating but benefits from SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION, LAWNED REAR GARDEN and GARAGE situated at the rear. Energy Rating: D66 Exclusive to Maslen Estat..."
"OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £475,000. Back to market due to fallen through sale. A Grade Two Listed ground floor garden flat, with everything that one would want from such a property. A 61 ft west facing garden, original features, 3.5 meter ceiling height, share of freehold and moments away from the..."
"A 2 Bedroom apartment positioned on the 3rd floor of Embassy Court, designed in 1936 by the Modernist architect Wells Coates and retaining some original features."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a beautifully presented and re-modelled three-bedroom home situated in a premier road within Patcham.
"Opposite our famous pebble beaches with stunning views of the English Channel from east to west, this two bedroom apartment offers a luxury lifestyle only prime waterfront properties can deliver. On the 3rd floor of a Regency building attributed to Busby & Wilds this graceful, bow fronted bea..."
"A lovely two bedroom apartment, nestled within the buzz of Brighton. The property exudes a wealth of natural light and internal space, throughout. Also including both front and rear courtyard."
"An IMAACULATELY PRESENTED, two double bedroom apartment with a SOUTH FACING PATIO with a SHARE OF FREEHOLD."
"A two bedroom older style terraced house in a popular location bordering Preston Circus and the Roundhill conservation area, midway between Fiveways and 'The Level' recreational park. Generously proportioned rooms which could be reconfigured upstairs to create three bedrooms by relocating the ba..."
Avard estate agents are delighted to offer for sale this 3 bedroom semi detached house situated just off the popular Ladies Mile Road . Portfield Avenue is located in the sought after residential area in Patcham. Close by is the A27 taking you out onto the London Road. Within a short distance dri...
"This three storey town house is situated in the heart of Rottingdean having sea views from the front. Victoria Mews is situated just off West Street close top local shops, cafes, pubs, restaurants as well as the beach and promenade. No Onward Chain"
"A modern extended end of terrace family home offering more than 1200 Square foot of bright and spacious accommodation. The kitchen/diner is without a doubt the heart of this home, a beautiful space to gather the family at meals time or entertain on a more formal basis."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £462,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £700,000"
"REF: BS0374 Beau Sullivan Estate Agent powered by eXp are delighted to market this four bedroom, five bathroom town house located in the heart of the city centre. 
"
"DEAN & CO - A 3 bedroom house with modern shower room, PRIVATE driveway, GARAGE & good size attractive GARDEN being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Ideally located for local schools and other amenities, shopping is available in Carden Avenue or at the nearby Asda superstore, M&S food hall & Matalan."
"A spacious family home, ideally positioned on a most favoured street in the popular Coombe Road area. This three bedroom extended semi-detached house benefits from views of the South Downs National Park. The property comprises entrance porch, spacious hallway with storage, downstairs WC, a good s..."
"**BOOK YOUR TOUR** A spacious 1 bedroom apartment over two floors giving it a house like feel and featuring an enviable private patio. Centrally located on the edge of the North Laine Quarter, this duplex property is located within a boutique development ROX, which features an array of commun..."
"Spacious and bright Maisonette situated in a tranquil leafy street near East Brighton Park, Brighton Marina and a short walk to Kemp Town Village, the seafront, Brighton College and The Royal Sussex Hospital. Large living room opening to the dining area. "
"***GUIDE PRICE: £450,000 - £475,000*** *HMO INVESTMENT or FAMILY HOME* Robert Luff & Co are delighted to bring to market this deceptively spacious five bedroom house situated in this popular residential area located close to Brighton City Centre. Piltdown Road is located within Whitehaw..."
"In an exclusive terrace looking over the playing fields of Brighton College to the sea, this immaculate two bedroom maisonette has elegant, sunlit rooms over two floors with leafy views to both the front and back making it private – and there is a sunny balcony from which to enjoy the birds..."
A 1250sq.ft. Blank Canvas Between Seven Dials & Brighton Station | This extremely spacious first & second floor converted maisonette offers 1249 square feet of accommodation and is ready for its' next owner to configure and decorate to the own tastes & really make their own. Seven Dia...
"In Brighton’s iconic Marine Gate, this stunning two-bedroom apartment embraces the sea and comes with secure underground parking – reached by lift! This light filled home has an enclosed south facing balcony from which to fully enjoy the coastal setting. Opposite the largest Marina in..."
"***Guide Price - £450,000 - £475,000*** Truemans are delighted to offer to the market this second-floor two double-bedroom luxury apartment which occupies part of this recently converted building conveniently located just off Brighton seafront in the quiet, residential, exclusive gated d..."
"Freehold to whole property. Blending period charm with lovely contemporary design, this is a quite magnificent living space in a brilliant & much sought after location. Two double bedrooms, open plan living and a courtyard garden. Close to seven Dials. Handy utility area"
"Fox & Sons are excited to bring to market this beautiful semi-detached bungalow comprising of three well-proportioned bedrooms, large living room, kitchen, sun room/dining room which leads through to the beautiful and spacious South facing rear garden."
Robert Luff & Co are delighted to offer to market this outstanding two bedroom apartment which occupies part of this recently converted building conveniently located just off Brighton seafront in the quiet residential Russell Mews. This apartments benefits from being ideally situated with Brighto...
"This is a wonderful opportunity to acquire this VERY WELL PRESENTED, three bedroom semi detached house, which is located in this PRIME LOCATION, close to the Moulscombe train station which offers FANTASTIC TRANSPORT LINKS to the Universities and Brighton town centre. Local shops are located (cont.)"
"*Guide Price £450,000 - £475,000* A gated entrance to this block makes it safe and secure, an ideal for a 'lock up and leave' located within the Laines of Brighton. Top floor apartment with city views, 2 balconies and a large living space. Everything is walkable from your doorstep - the beach, re..."
"An attractive period property located close to The Level & Seafront. Offering spacious accommodation but in need of complete refurbishment. With Two Bedrooms, Bathroom, through Living Room, Breakfast Room, Kitchen & Cellars. Gas CH & Dble Glazing In need of complete refurbishment. Chain Free. SOLE A"
"GUIDE PRICE: £450,000--£500,000. SHARE OF FREEHOLD. CHAIN FREE. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. With exceptional garden and park views from every room and a stylish interior, this generous two-bedroom apartment impresses from the mo..."
A meticulously refurbished second floor apartment situated in a prime location in a Regency building adjacent to Brighton's seafront.
"***Guide Price: £450,000 - £475,000*** Robert Luff & Co are delighted to offer to market this outstanding two bedroom apartment which is situated on the first floor of this recently converted building conveniently located just off Brighton seafront in the quiet residential Russell Mews. ..."
A stunning 2 double bedroom luxury balcony apartment which forms part of Sirius 2 - a MODERN development within the exclusive Brighton Marina Village. This BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED and spacious apartment enjoys far-reaching VIEWS as far as Brighton Pier to the West. Accommodation includes a large op...
A newly renovated end of terrace house. A great family home with a modern kitchen and bathroom. A spacious rear garden with far reaching views .
"Huge potential and chain free this semi-detached home is just waiting for new owners to make it their own. In a sought-after area of Woodingdean this property offers plenty of scope for extension, having previous had planning to extend and convert ref BH2007/01833. Requiring updating throughout, ..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £360,000 - £380,000 *** An opportunity to acquire this amazing ground floor duplex apartment which has been completely renovated throughout in this brand newly converted building located in the very heart of the city centre. The property is finished is to a high standard..."
"*** DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY *** A rare opportunity to purchase a two bedroom semi-detached house with large rear garden, which has planning permission to erect an adjoining house to the side under Planning Ref: BH2019/01195. The vendor has commenced on the proposed works by undertaking the de..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 *** WONDERFULLY POSITIONED FACING BRIGHTON SEAFRONT; A FANTASTIC 2 BEDROOM GRADE II LISTED PENTHOUSE APARTMENT WITH A SUPERB ROOF TERRACE OFFERING UNRIVALLED SEA VIEWS. SHARE OF FREEHOLD. NO ONWARD CHAIN. This impeccably-presen..."
"* LAUNCH EVENT SATURDAY 28TH JANUARY - CALL NOW TO BOOK * A brand new two bedroom terraced home situated on the outskirts of Brighton close to Fiveways. ECO FRIENDLY HOMES using Passivhaus principles and also come complete with a fully fitted kitchen, under floor heating and flooring throughout!"
Spacious Top Floor Flat of an attractive period building in a prime central location close to the shops and bars and restaurants with a short stroll to the seafront. The property could either be rented out or would also make a fantastic home. The accommodation is arranged over one floor and inclu...
"Spacious Maisonette which is being sold with no chain, has a share of the freehold, three bedrooms and is over 1,100 sq ft. The ground floor has open plan lounge dining room the leads to the well-presented kitchen."
"SPACIOUS & WELL PRESENTED 3 bedroom BAY FRONTED mid terrace FAMILY HOME situated on this popular residential street in the HOLLINGDEAN AREA of Brighton close to highly rated local schools, local shops, amenities and bus links to the town centre. Highlights include L shaped open-plan kitchen, dini..."
"46ft South Facing Rear Garden With Garden Room / Office | This spectacular two storey period maisonette has two double bedrooms, two reception rooms, period features, two entrances and a magnificent sunny rear garden with garden room / office. A share of the Freehold & outside dog shower are ..."
"We are proud to present this Two Bedroom Apartment – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £450,000 - £475,000*"
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £500,000 Offered for sale is this Three/Four Bedroom Semi-Detached Family home, providing flexible accommodation, a generous communal living & dining space across the whole of the rear of the property and a garden which seamlessly flows out onto local woodland offe..."
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 Offered for sale with No-Ongoing chain and providing flexible living accommodation is this three/four Bedroom Semi Detached Family home. The property is presented in good condition whilst requiring some finishing off in a few areas, allowing the new owner ..."
"Robert Luff & Co are delighted to offer to market this period property, conveniently located just off of Preston Street and within close proximity of the beach, West Pier and promenade. Brighton is an exciting and lively city with an amazing variety of festivals and activities all year round. Th..."
"We are pleased to offer, with no onward chain, this deceptively spacious terraced house which is thought to date back to the early 1900s. Originally arranged as two bedrooms and two receptions, the property is currently arranged as three bedrooms and two receptions. The property has been really..."
Fantastic two double bedrooms and two bathrooms in the sought after Alexander Quarters Development. The location of this property is perfect with easy access to Brighton mainline station and also being within walking distance of both 7 Dials and Western Road with its range of bars and restaurants
"David Harrington Property is delighted to offer to market this Fantastic Apartment located in Sharpthorne Court on Cheapside, Brighton."
"Step inside this magnificent two-bedroom apartment in the famous Royal Crescent Mansions on Marine Parade. This apartment not only benefits from generous proportions throughout as well as stunning sea views, but it also has the addition of the allocated underground parking space which is a real r..."
"This modern semi-detached family house has a fantastic layout and generous living accommodation. The stylish kitchen / diner to the rear is perfect for entertaining guests, with the separate lounge for those cosy winter nights. The garden and powered cabin just add to the vast offering of this home."
This spacious first floor apartment is part of a select development of apartments having been constructed in 2016. The beautifully presented accommodation features a 22' living/dining/kitchen area with direct access to the south facing balcony. The kitchen has contrasting high gloss anthracite an...
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 This hidden gem, is just around the corner from the picturesque Village Pond and local pub, The Plough...The property is ideal for those wanting a private residence, nestled within a warm and endearing community... Tudor Close is a..."
"This Hanover home is one not to missed! This terraced home is a short walk from Queens Park, the city centre and excellent transport links. With modern kitchen and bathroom, a working fireplace in the lounge, you can unpack your bags and move straight in! Offered chain free."
"Maslen Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this 2 bedroom detached bungalow in a SOUGHT-AFTER AREA of Woodingdean, close to a FREQUENT BUS SERVICE offering EASY ACCESS TO THE CITY CENTRE. This property has loads of potential & benefits from being offered for sale with NO ONWARD C..."
"Fox & Sons are delighted to welcome to the market this six bedroom semi-detached 1930's house. Located in Bevendean, there's an array of local shops, excellent transport links and the South Downs close by for Sunday walks. This chain free house is one not to be missed, viewings by appointment only."
"** 3 BEDROOMS, 3 FLOORS & A VERY LARGE LIVING ROOM ** (Viewings start w/c 13th March) A very deceptive & spacious Victorian terraced home that was once a shop many decades ago. Lovely high ceilings, a 29'8 open plan lounge/dining room/kitchen a utility room & family bathroom on th..."
"Chain Free! Charming, detached bungalow in an incredibly sought after cul de sac in the heart of North Woodingdean, a short stroll from the shops, bus stops, & schools, means that everything is on your doorstep, with ample off-street parking & easy to maintain garden."
"Buyers Fees apply - see brochure for details. A fantastic semi-detached family house with a driveway and a garage. There is an abundance of potential to put your own stamp on. . This property is for sale by the Modern Method of Auction. Should you view, offer or bid on the property, your informat..."
"A beautiful two bedroom, first floor, apartment in the heart of the Kemp Town village on Percival Terrace. Boasting a tremendous finish throughout, exquisite styling within and spectacular sea views."
"7 Lenham Avenue, Saltdean, BN2 8AE We are acting in the sale of the above property and have received an offer of £425,000 on the above property. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before exchange of contracts take..."
 Well proportioned buy to let investment located in the popular Coombe Road being within a short walk to Brighton University and the many amenities on Lewes Road. 
"The PropertyWe are pleased to present this stunning first floor, two bedroom and two bathroom Loft style apartment, centrally located in Brighton's North Laines, This former Evening Argus printworks building provides plenty of history and character located on Robert Street within the North Laine "
"A fantastic three bedroom apartment with the added benefit of a separate home office on the third floor of the renowned Avalon building in central Brighton. Set just a few minutes’ walk from either the seafront or Brighton City centre, with direct access to The Lanes, this property is perf..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £429,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £650,000"
Dual aspect two bedroom two bathroom apartment located on the sixth floor benefitting from a West facing Juliette balcony.
"Being set back from the road and offering good size accommodation is this three bedroom semi detached home requiring modernisation. The separate living room benefits from far reaching views, whilst the dining room overlooks the rear garden. The galley style kitchen has a range of fitted base and ..."
"A licensed four-bedroom HMO which is let until 05/09/2023 at £2,100 pcm (£25,200 pa) then from 06/09/2023 for a further 12 months at £2,350 pcm. A 1930s end of terrace house with a generously sized west facing garden, situated in a popular area for students. Well maintained accommodation which co..."
"Hamlyn Smith are delighted to present this fantastic semi-detached 1930s family house which has a large south-facing garden, off-street parking for two cars, and directly overlooks Stanmer Woods on Coldean Lane."
"Panoramic Views, Two Double Bedrooms, Two Bath / Shower Rooms & 23ft Living Space | A spacious and beautifully presented fourth floor Art Deco apartment with a breath-taking 23ft living space, two large double bedrooms and two bath / shower rooms located in the beating heart of the City centr..."
"Four bedroom HMO with accommodation over 3 floors. It is currently let out for £2500 pcm making this a fantastic investment opportunity. It is a perfect location for students close to local amenities within easy access to the universities and into the city centre.
It is also to be sold with ..."
"Chain Free! This beautiful home sits on an impressive corner plot with the wonderful views westerly across Woodingdean roof tops and beyond. Internally the house presents well with an abundance of modern technology. Outside there are gardens predominantly to the front and side of the property, wi..."
"This big, bright four bedroom Bevendean house with a sunny garden currently provides an income of around £25,000per annum, as an HMO. Good to go with double glazing, central heating and a modern kitchen and bathroom, Bevendean is well connected with local bus routes to Brighton University a..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £425,000 - £450,000 Our vendors have enjoyed many happy years in this spacious three bedroom home with far reaching views and being ideally positioned opposite an open green. The ground floor comprises a useful entrance porch that leads to a 14' separate living room with vie..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a beautiful bri...
"***GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £450,000*** Calling all investors! Looking for something to invest in? Why not take a look at this semi detached property situated in an ideal location close to Brighton's popular universities. The house brings in a good monthly income and you'll have to be qui..."
"*** OFFERS OVER £425,000 *** A MODERN THREE BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE WITH A LARGE WEST FACING GARDEN LOCATED IN HOLLINGDEAN. NO ONWARD CHAIN. This property is a very good-size and modern throughout. On the ground floor, there is a large living and dining room and a sepa..."
"This beautifully presented and recently renovated family home has excellent living space, ideal for a couple or young family. Great work from home space and scope for putting a home office in the generous sized rear garden. The open plan kitchen/diner with its many attractive and unusual features..."
"A RARE OPPORTUNITY to acquire this BRIGHT & SPACIOUS 2 double bedroom GROUND FLOOR GARDEN FLAT in an EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT of purpose built flats, located on a sought-after road adjacent to Surrenden Road; a short walk from PRESTON PARK, train station and a selection of local shops and amenities...."
Quirky two-bedroom mews house in the heart of Kemp Town Village with off-street parking.
"Guide Price £425,000 - £450,000. Superb apartment occupying the entire lower ground floor of this attractive, well managed period building. The property benefits from good sized rooms, a large hallway and a lovely layout, all combining to create a real sense of space throughout. The wel..."
"GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £450,000 Situated in this private courtyard development within the heart of Patcham Village is this two bedroom pretty flint face cottage. The ground floor comprises of a fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, 14' living room with French doors leading out to t..."
"Offered with no onward chain, this well-proportioned, two double bedroom, detached, single storey bungalow enjoys an elevated position in the increasingly popular Coldean Village, with an open outlook to the rear alongside good size front and rear gardens and garage. Internally the property offer..."
This Semi Detached family house is located in the sought-after area of Queens Park Brighton due to its locality it’s close to excellent schools and local shops. The property has been well maintained and improved throughout. The property comprises of 3 double bedrooms on the first floor. Dow...
"Chain Free! *Guide Price £425,000- £450,000* This deceptively spacious family home is a fantastic purchase. Located on the outskirt of Bevendean, with views across the city and backs onto the South Downs. Beautifully modernised throughout, you can unpack your bags and move straight in!"
A spacious and well positioned two-bedroom semi-detached bungalow with fantastic potential to improve and extend (STPP).The property comprises o...
"A spacious three/four bedroom semi-detached bungalow with garage and 140ft multi-tiered garden, enjoying a South-West aspect and downland views from the rear of garden. Generously sized accommodation with the added benefit of a conservatory/living space to the rear and further scope to convert th..."
"A well presented and fully furnished 5 bedroom end of terrace house in this popular location with off street parking. The property has a full HMO licence and currently achieves £550 per month for the double rooms and £520 per month for the single which generates £32,640 per annum. This is a fanta..."
A fabulously situated two bedroom terraced home offered to market with potential to enlarge throughout subject to the relevant consents
Having potential to refurbish and add your own stamp is this two bedroom bungalow. The current configuration comprises a 14' dual aspect living room; 12' kitchen with a range of basic wall & floor fitted units; a shower room with a modern fitted walk in shower unit; and two bedrooms. Outside the ...
"AVAILABLE TO MOVE INTO NOW - A stylish two bedroom, two bathroom apartment with open plan kitchen, living and dining area. Onsite concierge service and residents lounge."
"A well presented two bedroom, two bathroom, patio flat approached via a private street entrance and located opposite the delightful and popular Preston Park"
"Robert Luff & Co are delighted to offer to the market this semi-detached family home, situated in the heart of Coldean, close to local shopping facilities, parks, schools, bus routes, mainline station and the A27. Accommodation offer entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, three good sized ..."
"A charming three bedroom home situated in central Brighton moments from the seafront/ promenade and Western Road where there is an array of boutiques, restaurants, cafes and bars."
"New to the sales market is this stunning, recently updated three bedroom, two bathroom apartment with glorious panoramic sea views from all major rooms. This superb property is situated on the second floor of Courcels which is a purpose building block in Kemptown, just north of Brighton Marina."
"Tucked privately away behind gates in a secret mews at the heart of the fashionable Kemptown Village, this modern two bedroom house with allocated parking is a rare find. Perfect for health professionals or investors as both the University Medical School and Royal Sussex County hospital are both ..."
A truly stunning flat with direct sea views one way and downland views the other. Offering two double bedrooms and a well thought out layout throughout. This is a cool and unique apartment right on the seafront with access to the Kemptown enclosures.
"***IDEAL FOR INVESTMENT OR HOME TO LIVE IN*** A 1920s mid-terrace house with HMO license for four bedrooms which has previously been let with a rental income of £2,250pcm or £27,000 per annum. Arranged over three levels including a separate lounge with high ceilings, modern kitchen, newly in..."
"Fox and Sons are delighted to offer this bright and well laid out family home situated on Coldean Lane in the highly sought after Coldean Village area of Brighton. With three bedrooms, two reception rooms a generous rear garden, parking and a garage. This is a must see!"
"Spacious and bright well presented top floor two double bedroom purpose-built flat with allocated parking in sought after Montpelier area close to the station, shopping centre and seafront. Lounge diner and a well-fitted kitchen feature the flat has the benefit of a long lease and share of freehold."
"A spacious three bedroom maisonette occupying the first and second floors of an attractive bay fronted Victorian property. Presented in very good order, the property enjoys a neutral décor with an abundance of natural light and period features. Comprising three bedrooms, a large bay fronted livin..."
A lovely 2 BEDROOM VICTORIAN HOUSE WITH WELL PRESENTED ACCOMMODATION ARRANGED OVER 3 FLOORS. The lower level offers a well presented kitchen/dining room with access to an ATTRACTIVE REAR GARDEN and the bedrooms are both doubles. The property is centrally located close to independent cafes and sho...
"Charming bungalow in highly sought after North Woodingdean, this delightful home is ideal for someone who wants to downsize to be closer to nearby shops and bus routes or someone looking to put their own stamp on somewhere, with a lovely rear garden, beautiful sea views, ample off street parking ..."
A two bedroom DETACHED BUNGALOW in the SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION of North Woodingdean! The property benefits from a lovely kitchen/dining room which leads out into a sun room with access to the rear garden. The front garden is paved providing OFF STREET PARKING. The property is offered with NO ONWAR...
*READY TO VIEW NOW* A luxury two bedroom first floor apartment located in the heart of Brighton just moments from the seafront/ promenade. Russell House benefits from having lift access to all floors and a concierge service.
"OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £450,000. Fantastic Victorian Raised Ground Floor Garden Apartment. Spacious garden to rear. Situated in the heart of Kemp Town Village, near The Royal Sussex Hospital and the Seafront. Spacious living room with large bay window, separate fitted kitchen, two bedrooms and ..."
"Three Bed Townhouse's in Bright & Bubbly Brighton, Available from £416,250 for a 75% Share Through Shared Ownership | Call to View for More information!"
"* READY TO MOVE INTO NOW * This fourth floor one bedroom apartment comes complete with a high specification finish throughout, integrated appliances and quartz worktops. Situated in central Brighton, this apartment is within close proximity to the seafront and mainline train station."
"Three Bed Townhouse's in Bright & Bubbly Brighton, Available from £408,750 for a 75% Share Through Shared Ownership | Call to View Now!"
"** NEW LISTING ** Purplebricks Brighton are delighted to offer for sale this spacious three bedroom end of terrace house in an ever popular area of Woodingdean. Upon entering you have a good size hallway with the perfect space for coats and shoes, moving through you have a separate lounge to o..."
"*HMO investment!* Successful fully occupied HMO, rear garden ideal for alfresco dining, situated in the popular residential area of Bevendean. Within walking distance to the universities and transport links into the city, Cureent rental £2330 pcm. No onward chain!"
"** Guide Price £400,000 - £425,000 ** Fusing uninterrupted sea views and a luxury lifestyle, this glamorous two-bedroom apartment with a sunny south balcony has the wow factor as soon as you walk in. On the prime south side of a small, low-level development 2 minutes from R..."
"Offers In Excess Of £400,000. Outstanding three bedroom apartment, in what potentially Brighton best pocket of the city, Queens Park. The property offers all one would want from an apartment, Share of freehold, Parking, West Facing Balcony, opposite the park, perfect in every way."
"An ideal family home which has three bedrooms, a modern kitchen diner, spacious, bright lounge and good size, split level garden with pleasant views. It is end of terrace with private parking for a couple of cars to the front."
"Set directly on Brighton´s lively seafront and positioned on the second floor of an attractive period converted building, Marine Parade is situated perfectly; the apartment is located within easy reach of everything Brighton has offer."
Mishon Mackay are proud to present this spacious three bedroom semi-detached home with a large south facing landscaped garden.
Avard Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this 2 bedroom lower ground floor garden flat which has been fully refurbished to a very high standard forming part of this period Victorian building with the benefit of having a share of the freehold. Accommodation comprises of private own s...
Terraced family home in a friendly neighbourhood within walking distance to good schools and all the fun that Brighton has to offer. Lovely views and a good size rear garden.
"Have you ever dreamt of waking up, watching the sun rise and then sitting on your own PRIVATE BALCONY and watching the sun set? Well look no further. Open House Estate Agents are pleased to be able to offer to the market this stunning 2-bedroom first floor apartment, which is situated in the (cont.)"
"Two Double Bedrooms, Two Bath / Shower Rooms & 23ft Living Space | A spacious and beautifully presented third floor Art Deco apartment with a breath-taking 23ft living space, two large double bedrooms and two bath / shower rooms located in the beating heart of the City centre close to the sea..."
"Offered with no onward chain, this deceptively spacious three double bedroom bay fronted 1930s family home enjoys an elevated position in the increasingly popular Coombe Road Area. Internally all rooms are considered well proportioned, enjoying a great sense of natural light and comprising of a ..."
"Originally built in the 1980s as a family home but currently rented as a four bedroom let with HMO licence in place and achieving £24,685 per annum gross income. Nestled at the foot of the hill which leads to Brighton Racecourse, at the end of a cul de sac, adjacent to football/basketball courts,..."
"Chain Free! *Guide Price £400,000-£425,000* Rarely available traditional and original semi-detached family home with eat-in kitchen overlooking the garden, additional utility area/garden room plus plenty or storage. This is the perfect opportunity for someone looking for a blank canvass that they..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000 *** Robert Luff & Co are delighted to bring to market this spacious two bedroom apartment situated on the second floor of Park Royal. Park Royal is to be found on Montpelier Road above the junction of Montpelier Terrace and is within a short walk of th..."
"Forming part of this imposing and attractive double-fronted Victorian Villa, this spacious three double bedroom apartment occupies the entire first floor and is offered with no onward chain, long lease and a share in the freehold. With Seven Dials on your doorstep the property is perfectly posit..."
"Spacious purpose built apartment with three double bedrooms, two balconies, reception room, two bathrooms with one ensuite and a separate kitchen. Perfectly placed near Brighton Marina and a short stroll to Kemp Town. The balconies offer fantastic views towards the Sussex Downs and Brighton Seafr..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £450,000 *** AN IMPECCABLY WELL-PRESENTED TWO BEDROOM LOWER GROUND FLOOR PERIOD APARTMENT WITH A GARDEN AND A PATIO EXCELLENTLY-POSITIONED IN THE CLIFTON AND POWIS DISTRICT. Tastefully-decorated to an exacting standard, this spacious l..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £450,000*** This well-presented, two double bedroom apartment is situated on the fourth floor of this prestigious Boardwalk development. The property offers impressive Westerly views towards the City and benefits from its own private balcony to enj..."
"4 bed licensed HMO currently let to students and let from September 2023 at £2254 pcm offering 6.76% gross yield. Big and bright with an amazing 1002 square feet (93.0m2) to enjoy, this stylish four bedroom house sits behind a front garden with spacious rooms, a large attic and d..."
"***GUIDE PRICE: £400,000 - £425,000*** Robert Luff & Co are delighted to bring to market this spacious two bedroom apartment situated in the heart of Brighton Marina. Located on the first floor of Starboard Court sits this two bedroom two bathroom apartment with a large L-shaped open pla..."
A spacious two bedroom apartment positioned on the second floor of an Art Deco development in central Brighton.
"Chain Free! Centrally located flat rarely available with an allocated parking space. You are just a short walk from two mainline train stations, popular parks and local shops, coffee shops and pubs."
This quaint terraced house has a lovely kitchen / breakfast room with a separate lounge. The garden is a brilliant size with both patio and decking area prefect for those summer barbecues. There is even a powered cabin room with storage. The parking and side access are also a welcome addition to ...
"A stylish two bedroom apartment situated within a prestigious modern block opposite to Preston Park, featuring a balcony with direct views of the park, and a gated allocated parking space."
David Harrington is delighted to offer for sale this attractive 3/4 bedroom house on Bevendean Crescent.
"Guide Price £400,000 - £425,000 | Brimming with potential to add considerable value, this generous two-bedroom apartment is a rare gem in the city. Elevated on the second floor of an attractive Mid-Century apartment building in central Hove, it also benefits from far-reach..."
"A spacious two bedroom fourth floor apartment with over 950sq/ft of internal accommodation in Sussex Heights, Sussex's tallest mid- century purpose built developments."
"This investment opportunity is an exiting prospect for any experienced, or first time Landlord. With immediate return on investment, and low hassle due to the property's excellent condition, the house represents a safe and lucrative investment, but with further options to add capital value and im..."
"A well appointed sixteenth floor apartment in the Iconic Sussex heights purpose built block, in central Brighton. Boasting impressive easterly views of the coastline, over Brighton, Kemptown and towards Brighton Marina. This apartment offers a large living/dining room with a neutral décor and flo..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £396,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £600,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £396,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £600,000"
"Spacious Ground Floor Regency Flat With Two Double Bedrooms | This extremely spacious raised ground floor flat spoils you for space with high ceilings, lots of storage and a long renewed lease all situated in a highly desirable position between Brighton mainline station & trendy Seven Dials!"
"An attarctive and spacious 2 doubel bedroom, 2 bathroom first floor purpose built flat with west facing balcony, forming part of this small modern block situated in the highly favoured Surrenden locality. * * NO ONWARD CHAIN * * "
"Robert Luff & Co are delighted to offer to market this well presented, modern fitted two bedroom apartment located in Russell Mews, Central Brighton. This apartment has everything to offer. Upon entering the apartment through the entrance hall you will find your open planned kitchen/diner/living ..."
Peacefully positioned between Lewes Road and the countryside stands this smart four bedroom student house. EPC: C Council Tax: C
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £393,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £595,000"
"We are excited to bring to market this two-bedroom semi-detached bungalow on The Deeside, which has enormous potential to develop and extend throughout subject to the relevant consents."
Well-presented 2 bedroom flat located in Brighton Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hall Bright and spacious living room/diner with original marble fireplace Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Generously sized master bedroom Additional well...
"A good size, light & airy, 2 BEDROOM PERIOD FAMILY HOUSE situated in a popular residential location, CLOSE TO FIVEWAYS with its range of independent shops & cafes, and within the catchment area for good local schools. The property WOULD BENEFIT FROM INTERNAL MODERNISATION AND UPDATING but would m..."
"Georgian Period Property. Converted patio apartment. Spacious and bright. Large living room, separate fully fitted kitchen, large sash windows and bedroom with dressing room area. Sussex Square location with access to the private residents gardens. Moments from Kemp Town seafront. Share of Freeh..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £390,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £590,000"
"Rarely available 3 BEDROOM END OF TERRACE family home situated in the quiet cul-de-sac running adjacent to Rotherfield Crescent & Carden Hill as well as close to local schools, bus routes & shops. The house benefits from many features with GAS FIRED CENTRAL HEATING, a REAR PATIO/GARDEN and GARAGE..."
"This is a very attractive property with minimal work required to bring it to its full potential. As such, it represents a great opportunity for any buyer seeking an excellent investment. A lovely semi-detached home on the outskirts of Brighton, the property offers a range of benefits. From its g..."
"Buyers Fees apply - see brochure for details. A sizeable house in the popular Elm Grove close to the highly sought-after Elm Grove school and Brighton general hospital. Great location for access to town, station, and the seafront. Ideal for a large family or for those needing home offices. Enclos..."
One bed apartment on the Fifth floor offering East facing views with the added benefit of a balcony. Only 0.7 mile walk to Churchill Square Shopping Centre.
"GUIDE PRICE: £380,000--£400,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. Set within a substantial Victorian house on a tree lined road close to Preston Park, this bright and airy two-bedroom garden flat is brimming with period character and charm. It bears the ge..."
"Buyers Fees apply - see brochure for details. A generous semi-detached family house with great size bedrooms, a lovely kitchen, separate lounge and utility space and downstairs toilet. This property is for sale by the Modern Method of Auction. Should you view, offer or bid on the property, your i..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £380,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £575,000"
If you're looking for a property turn key condition then take a moment to look at this beautifully presented 2 bedroom apartment that has been tastefully updated throughout offering restful water views towards the inner harbour from both the living/dining room and main bedroom. The living/dining ...
"Guide Price £380,000 - £400,000. Fantastic apartment occupying the first floor (top) of this well maintained period building. The apartment benefits from good sized rooms, a split level layout and plenty of natural light all combining to create a real sense of space throughout. The spac..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £376,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £570,000"
"***GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000*** Upper Maisonette offered with a share in the freehold. A deceptively spacious, light and airy, well-arranged, four bedroom, two bathroom period conversion arranged over three floors and forming the majority of an imposing Victorian house. Convenient cent..."
"Five bed semi-detached house offering flexible accommodation. Accommodation comprises downstairs of entrance hall, 2 bedrooms, W/C, and kitchen/diner with access to the rear garden. Upstairs, there are a further 3 bedrooms and family bathroom. The property benefits form having a HMO License, rear..."
"***£375,000 - £400,000***A deceptively spacious two/three bedroom end of terrace house in a convenient location close to the centre of Brighton. The property which would make a great first time buy or investment purchase is laid out over three floors with a lounge and kitchen on the g..."
"A large, light and airy 2 BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT in a well maintained and enviably situated PURPOSE BUILT block CLOSE TO PRESTON PARK and central Brighton. The good sized accommodation includes a large lounge/dining room, kitchen/breakfast room as well as parking and a GARAGE and COMMUNA..."
"Brimming with potential to add considerable value, this generous two-bedroom apartment is a rare gem in the city. Elevated on the fourth floor of an attractive Mid-Century apartment building in central Hove, it also benefits from far-reaching views and easy access to everything this vibrant coast..."
"Situated in an exquisite Regency building, this delightful apartment benefits from South facing sea views from a private balcony, access to 6 acres of private gardens as well as no forward chain. The property itself is decorated in neutral tones throughout with each room drenched in n..."
"Tucked away in a quiet cul de sac and enviably close to the South Downs this well presented 2-bedroom bungalow is sure to be popular. Competitively priced and just a short stroll from the shops, bus stops, and schools, means that everything is on your doorstep. Driveway and off-street parking. Ea..."
"This wonderful family home benefits from three bedrooms, an open plan lounge dining room & far reaching views from the beautiful garden. The property is well placed for access across the City with direct links to Brighton City Centre & Mainline Station, Brighton Seafront & Universities."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000Broad Green is located in the sought after residential area of woodingdean, and is a short walk from a variety of shops, cafes and all local amenities. A picturesque bus journey along the coast into central Brighton to the mainline station..."
"Ideal first time buy in a very popular location that moments from the sea and it is being sold with no chain. It is beautifully presented throughout, including two bedrooms, kitchen/diner, modern fitted bathroom and private patio garden."
"***GUIDE PRICE: £375,000 - £400,000*** Situated in a fantastic Grade II listed building, this spacious two bedroom flat benefits from having its own private entrance. Once in the property, the lobby leads into a spacious living area which is south facing and benefits from the large w..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000*** A fantastic opportunity to acquire this third floor apartment which has been tastefully modernised throughout and is situated in the very heart of the city which is only a stone's throw away from the best shops, restaurants, bars and everything you ..."
Two Double Bedrooms & Stunning City Views | A spacious and beautifully presented second floor Art Deco apartment with two double bedrooms and balcony located in the beating heart of the City centre close to the seafront & mainline railway station!
Semi-detached house | Two double bedrooms | Spacious lounge | Kitchen/breakfast room | Family bathroom | Attractive corner plot | Mature garden | Gated driveway
"***GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000*** A ground floor two bedroom flat forming part of a grade listed converted property located on one of the city centres most highly sought after roads."
Chain Free | Brighton | Ground Floor Garden Flat Entering this property through its private street entrance you are met with a large entrance hall which has useful storage cupboards. At the...
"Offered with no onward chain. A deceptively spacious three bedroom, two reception, bay-fronted, early 20th Century terrace located in the increasingly popular Coombe Road district of Brighton, with ease of access in and out of town on foot, by bus or the cycle lanes. A sweet flagstone front garde..."
"This Family home is situated in a popular residential area on the outskirts of Brighton is this large five-bedroom property spread over three floors, with spacious living accommodation and off-road parking. This house would make the perfect home for any young family, with easy access to and from ..."
We are pleased to offer to the market this deceptively spacious three bedroom mid terrace house is being offered for sale having been refurbished throughout over the past three years. It is the perfect home for a first time buyer or family who are looking to be in a great location. This h...
"A spacious and well-presented two bedroom apartment with a private patio garden situated in the heart of Brighton, this property is sold with a share of the freehold and no onward chain."
BUY TO LET INVESTORS ONLY. Fox & Sons are delighted to offer this two bedroom converted ground floor apartment situated in a sought after location close to the seven dials and Brighton station.
"Situated in the extremely popular & HIGHLY SOUGHT-AFTER area of Kemp Town, CLOSE TO THE SEAFRONT is this MID TERRACED 2 STOREY, 2 DOUBLE BEDROOM ground and first floor MAISONETTE. The property would make either a good home for FIRST TIME buyers or a BUY TO LET INVESTMENT and is offered for sale ..."
"A newly decorated two bedroom flat situated in one the most advantageous locations in Brighton. This uniquely placed property with no ongoing chain is an ideal investment, pied-a-terre or primary residence. The entire flat is flooded with light from the east and west and has a spacious 16ft x "
"Three bedroom semi-detached house that has garage and driveway, three bedrooms, separate cloakroom and a spacious lounge/dining room. It would make an ideal family home and is sure to prove popular."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000 This well presented apartment is situated in this attractive purpose-built apartment building. Constructed in the 1990's, the property benefits from secure underground car parking space with a useful storage cupboard. The interior of the property has been ..."
A delightful two double bedroom terraced home offered to market in good condition throughout and with the added benefit of off road parking for two vehicles!
Share of freehold second floor flat that is being sold with no chain. The building benefits from having a communal garden that only the building can use as well as the Kemptown enclosures
"Sitting in the midst of Brighton’s thriving city centre, spanning the entire top floor of a striking Regency building just minutes from the sea, is this generous, sun-filled, two-bedroom apartment. It is exceptionally spacious and beautifully renovated using a stylish, clean palette alongsi..."
"** NEW LISTING ** Purplebricks Brighton are delighted to offer this new to the market two bedroom family house, it has a wealth of space and potential in a brilliant family location. The property comprises of a large kitchen with space for a eat in dining table area, you have a large separate ..."
Central Kemptown location. A two double bedroom maisonette which is just is moments from the sea. The principle rooms are both south facing and are flooded with natural light. It will appeal to a number of buyers including first time buyers or someone looking to upsize to a spacious maisonette.
"Robert Luff & Co are delighted to offer to market this ideal investment opportunity comprising a three bedroom HMO in Dewe Road. This property benefits from a kitchen/diner, three bedrooms, bathroom and rear garden."
Stunning this two-bedroom apartment which offers incredible sea views as well as direct views of Brighton's famous Palace Pier. The apartment benefits from being on the third floor with the addition of the passenger lift which is in exceptional condition. The building and the communal...
CASH BUYERS ONLY | A rare opportunity to acquire a superb purpose built apartment with two double bedrooms and two bathrooms situated in the extremely popular New England Quarter of Brighton City centre moments from Brighton mainline railway station. A private balcony gives you some spectacular v...
"** GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £390,000 SPACIOUS, GROUND FLOOR, TWO BEDROOM GARDEN APARTMENT** This purpose-built, Art Deco style apartment has a hallway, kitchen with door opening onto a private terrace, living room with wood burner and doors out to a Southerly aspect private walled garden, two doubl..."
"Guide Price £375,000 - £400,000. Superb apartment occupying the entire lower ground floor of this attractive Grade II Listed property on Brighton seafront. The spacious accommodation comprises two bedrooms, south facing lounge diner, separate kitchen, bathroom and shower room (both Ensu..."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000Introducing Prestonville Court, Dyke Road. Situated in one of the most prestigious locations, this area is perfectly positioned between the South Downs, National park and the city. Within walking distance to Preston Park and Brighton station, p..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £373,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £565,000"
"If you are looking for a bolt hole by the sea in a stunning Regency style, Grade II listed building on the seafront then this super 1 bed may just fit the bill! Moments from the beach The Balcony Flat enjoys an East and West facing aspect with some original features but has recently been refurbis..."
"Situated within the Village Square this top floor, 3 bedroom apartment is well positioned to easily get to all the cafe's, shops, restaurants and leisure facilities the marina has to offer. The spacious living/dining room, with its feature West facing box window, is open plan to the large fitted ..."
"Located to the upper floors of this imposing 19th century building, on the sought-after Clifton Terrace, is this spacious maisonette. Not only does this location impress with its regency style terrace homes, but its close proximity to the sea and city centre amenities makes this a real gem. Boast..."
Book now to arrange your viewing of this penthouse one bedroom apartment - Stamp duty exemption fees apply for first time buyers -a great opportunity not to be missed
"This 3 bedroom terraced home is situated in this SOUGHT-AFTER area of Woodingdean & is offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The property benefits from lovely views of the fields, good size accommodation & the well presented rear garden. Viewings are highly recommended. Energy Rating: C71 Exclu..."
"OFFERS OVER £365,000. Period Property. Split level two bedroom apartment just off Kemp Town Seafront and in the heart of the Village. Share of freehold. Beautifully presented with a spacious reception room, fitted kitchen, two bedrooms and bathroom. Viewing highly recommended "
"* CENTRAL BRIGHTON LOCATION * 50% NOW RESERVED * Situated in central Brighton, this BRAND NEW one bedroom top floor apartment is within close proximity to the seafront and mainline train station. Complete with a high specification finish throughout, integrated appliances and flooring!"
"NO ONWARD CHAIN This 2 DOUBLE BEDROOM terraced house is situated in a POPULAR RESIDENTIAL AREA, close to bus routes to Brighton city centre and within easy reach of local shops. Highlights include good sized accommodation including a 16'10 x 10'2 DUAL ASPECT LIVING ROOM and 15'0 x 10'2 master ..."
"With the wow factor only a fabulous waterfront location can deliver, this exclusive two bedroom apartment with secure, allocated parking enjoys panoramic, sweeping views over the tranquil waters of the inner lagoon of Brighton Marina from its south facing balcony. Quietly tucked away on a gated p..."
"Purplebricks Brighton & Hove is delighted to offer this delightful spacious one bedroom lower ground floor garden flat in a fantastic location close to the centre of Brighton and within easy reach of Brighton train station, for quick access to London and Gatwick. A stones throw from the beach and..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £363,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £550,000"
"Buyers Fees apply - see brochure for details. This property is for sale by Modern Method of Auction. Should you view, offer or bid on the property, your information will be shared with the Auctioneer, I-Am Sold. Located in southerly Woodingdean near the ever-popular Happy Valley, this well presen..."
"MyHaus Brighton welcome you to Embassy Court, a glorious two bedroom apartment in an iconic Grade II listed building. The property is located right on the infamous seafront of Brighton, moments from the beach, and close to the shops and cafes of Western Road. "
"Guide Price £360,000-£380,000 'NEW DEVELOPMENT' Avard Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this 2 bedroom maisonette having been newly converted and forming part of this period building. Regent Hill is located in an extremely central and sought after location, adjacent ..."
This well presented 2 bedroom apartment sits nicely overlooking the inner harbour with peaceful water views. The living/dining room is a perfect spot to relax and take in those views and has access to the balcony. The kitchen is fully fitted and well equipped with all appliances included and bene...
"*** GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 *** A WELL-PRESENTED AND SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT WITH A BALCONY AND PARKING SITUATED IN THE PRESTON PARK AREA Set on the first floor of a well-maintained apartment block, this good-sized flat is decorated in ..."
** NEW LISTING ** Purplebricks Brighton are delighted to offer new to the market this spacious two bedroom apartment in the ever popular Preston Grange with stunning views overlooking Preston Park. Upon entering the building you are greeted with a very well kept entrance hall and communal parts...
"***Guide Price £350,000 - £375,000*** A fantastic first floor apartment is situated in a sought-after location which is within walking distance of Preston Park station, making it ideal for commuters. The property benefits from no onward chain, an allocated parking space and the use of a..."
"One Bedroom Mews House with private parking. Perfectly formed Cottage style house with allocated parking in a friendly gated community moments from the seafront and within Kemp Town Village. One double bedroom with walk in wardrobe, spacious living room, fully fitted kitchen and bathroom."
"Beautifully presented spacious raised ground floor flat with high ceiling, off street parking space, offered for sale with no onward chain."
"A well-presented 2 bedroom terraced family home situated in a popular area with GREAT VIEWS over Woodingdean to Happy Valley and Downland. The property further benefits from GOOD SIZE ACCOMMODATION, a separate GARAGE, modern kitchen & good size garden with access gate to the rear. Viewings high..."
"A fabulous, feel good retreat this stylish one bedroom cottage with allocated parking is one of a kind, securely tucked away within a gated mews. Full of light and brimming with character this black and white, flint faced property is a hidden gem with a sociable ground floor where French doors fr..."
Jacobs Steel are delighted to offer for sale this attractively positioned one double bedroom ground floor flat in a popular central location of Brighton also benefitting from no on-going chain.
"LEASEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND A We are delighted to offer to the market this vacant 1-bedroom basement level flat on Abbey Road in Brighton. Set over one floor, accommodation briefly comprises of a spacious lounge with a feature fireplace and built in storage. The k..."
"
Luxurious Purpose Built Balcony Appointment Moments From Brighton Station | This spacious second floor apartment boasts two double bedrooms, two bathrooms, communal gardens & roof terrace as well as its' own private balcony!"
"Step inside this impressive two bedroom apartment situated right in the heart of the Kemp Town Village. Not only do you have two excellently sized bedrooms paired with two bathrooms, but you also have the south facing terrace which offers a stunning green and private outlook."
"A TWO BEDROOM SIXTH FLOOR (TOP) PURPOSE BUILT FLAT located in THE MONTPELIER AND CLIFTON HILL CONSERVATION AREA. The accommodation comprises DOUBLE ASPECT LOUNGE/DINING ROOM, FITTED KITCHEN, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, SHOWER ROOM, SEPARATE WC, PERMIT FOR CAR PARK, ROOF TOP VIEWS TO SEA, GFH, EPC D."
Fox & Sons are delighted to welcome to the market this five bedroom flat on Lewes Road. The property is arranged as a five bedroom HMO with tenants in situ' until August 2023. The property can only purchase as an investment only.
"A DELIGHTFUL 2-BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR FLAT situated in the extremely popular & highly sought-after residential area. Benefits include MODERN FITTED KITCHEN & BATHROOM, gas-fired central heating, ATTRACTIVE REAR PATIO & LAWNED GARDEN. Exclusive to Maslen Estate Agents. Energy Rating: C70"
"*** GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 *** SPACIOUS TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM FIRST AND SECOND FLOOR MAISONETTE WITH A BALCONY VERY WELL SITUATED IN THE PRESTON PARK AREA. CHAIN FREE Neatly presented throughout, this well-lit home boasts a good-sized lounge, a separate kit..."
"Superb raised ground floor flat with good sized front and rear gardens. This fantastic property benefits from bright and spacious accommodation comprising; lounge with south facing bay windows, double bedroom with feature built in wardrobes, bathroom, modern kitchen and good storage. The delightf..."
"Step inside and admire the astonishing views across the city from this two-bedroom apartment positioned centrally within the Kemp Town Village. With a south facing balcony, great proportions throughout as well as easterly facing windows from the bedrooms, the natural light throughout this home is..."
"GUIDE PRICE:£350,000--£375,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. CHAIN FREE. Sitting in one of the city’s most historic shopping thoroughfares, tucked in next to the newly regenerated Open Market, The Level and Preston Circus, this unique..."
"Viewing advised on this stunning apartment located in the very popular Goldsmid Road, just a short walk from the popular Seven Dials. The apartment has been fully refurbished and is offered with no on..."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 Offered For Sale with no ongoing chain is this spacious, modern family home with two double bedrooms. This lovely home boasts a generous kitchen/dining room with white modern high gloss units, built in appliances and a tiled floor. There is a separate loun..."
"***GUIDE PRICE OF £350,000 - £375,000***
Spacious Luxury Purpose Built City Centre Apartment | Situated in the beating heart of Brighton City centre, this fabulous apartment offers two double bedrooms, bathroom and en suite shower room, a 26ft living space and a private balcony so you'l..."
" SEA VIEWS. Wonderful purpose built apartment with wow factor views over Kemp Town Village and towards the sea. Two double bedrooms, separate kitchen, spacious living room and vast hallway with storage. Lift. Disabled access. Residents parking and bike store. Ideal buy to let or first time buy. C..."
"Set back from the road in a tucked away location, this spacious three bedroom flat is situated on the first floor of a low-rise purpose-built block. Immaculately presented interior with three generously sized bedrooms, lounge/dining area, fitted kitchen, bathroom and separate WC. Enjoys a peacefu..."
Fox & Sons are offering a spacious two bedroom second floor apartment situated in the popular New England Quarter moments from Brighton Mainline Station.
"* READY TO MOVE INTO NOW * Plot 5. Situated on the first floor is this stunning one bedroom BRAND NEW apartment boasting large living spaces, master bedroom with an ensuite. Finished to a high specification throughout apartment also comes with an allocated parking space."
"***GUIDE PRICE £350,000 to £375,000 *** A fantastic opportunity to acquire this third floor apartment which has been tastefully modernised throughout and is situated in the very heart of the city which is only a stone's throw away from the best shops, restaurants, bars and everything yo..."
"NEW BUILD - available March 2023, reserve now! An exclusive selection of only two new build semi-detached family homes finished to a good specification. Three bedrooms, 1 double and 2 singles are located on the first floor along with the family bathroom."
"Fox & Sons are excited to bring to market this fantastic two bedroom apartment with incredible views overlooking Preston Park. The property comprises of two bedrooms, family bathroom, large living room, kitchen and balcony. Viewings are highly recommended."
"We are proud to present this Four Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED. *Guide Price £350,000 - £375,000*"
"***GUIDE PRICE £350,000-£375,000*** A rare opportunity to acquire a truly impressive example of period architecture in a prime location in central Brighton. The location is second to none with easy access to Brighton Mainline Railway Station, making this property idea..."
"AVAILABLE CHAIN FREE. This 3 bedroom mid terrace family home is situated in this sought after area of Woodingdean which is close to a FREQUENT BUS SERVICE offering EASY ACCESS TO THE CITY CENTRE. The property benefits from off street parking, good size accommodation & has lots of potential. View..."
"This property will be available today and gone tomorrow. The location is second to none and it doesn't get any more central than Norfolk Square. If you want spacious living space, then this stunning two bedroom ground floor flat would be perfect!"
"Delightful Chain free mid terrace house, ideal for those looking to get onto the property ladder. Off street parking for two cars and a fantastic garden. Good size rooms throughout including lovely kitchen and lounge/diner. Walking distance from great shops, bus routes and local schools."
**For Sale By Auction on Thursday 23 March 2023 ** Vacant Freehold 3 Bedroom Semi-Detached Bungalow Requiring Modernisation
"*** GUIDE PRICE £350,000-£375,000 *** A VERY WELL-PRESENTED AND SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM PURPOSE-BUILT FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT WITH A PRIVATE BALCONY AND A COMMUNAL ROOF TERRACE. EXCELLENTLY-POSITIONED CLOSE TO PRESTON PARK AND LONDON ROAD TRAIN STATION Set on the fi..."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 TO £375,000. FOX AND SONS are excited to bring to market this spacious two bedroom first floor apartment. The property comes with share of freehold, a parking space and access to the communal pool."
"A secret, spacious hideaway this beautiful one bedroom apartment with use of the exclusive gardens for residents with a tunnel to the beach is private and quiet with large, light rooms. At the back of a magnificent Grade I listed house in one of the UK’s finest Regency terraces it has a dis..."
A three bedroom maisonette situated in a sought after location close to the seven dials and Brighton station.
"AVAILABLE CHAIN FREE this lovely unique 2 bedroom first floor split level maisonette in a sought-after area of Roedean. Some of the property highlights include the large triple aspect top floor Living Room with STUNNING VIEWS, good size accommodation & the re-fitted Kitchen & Bathroom. Viewing hi..."
"Elliotts are delighted to offer for sale a truly superb ground floor garden flat, situated in Evelyn Terrace and is found in the highly sought, thriving and friendly community of Queen’s Park, which is just over the road, with great transport links to central Brighton and the Universities. The se..."
Stunning two bedroom bright apartment in the much sought after Seven Dials.
"** Guide Price £350,000 - £375,000 ** Enjoy a guilt free, luxury lifestyle in this chic, eco sensitive two bedroom apartment where a private balcony looks over a broad walkway and a large communal roof garden is perfect for parties. At the pedestrian heart of the award winn..."
"On a road that connects you to the leafy centre of the city at The Level (5 minutes on foot) and open countryside by our glamorous racecourse (10 minutes stroll) this big, bright two bedroom maisonette offers a convenient location – and a stylish open plan lifestyle with a sun deck large en..."
"Phillip Mann are extremely pleased to offer for sale this WELL MAINTAINED family home, which is situated in this POPULAR AND DESIRABLE AREA. The property which is being offered with NO CHAIN is situated within walking distance to local shops, Happy Valley recreational grounds and direct bus links..."
"Period | Garden | HW estate agents are delighted to offer this wonderful Georgian conversion, lower ground floor apartment situated in the ever desirable Sussex Square with its tranquil an..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £346,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £525,000"
***NO CHAIN***This well presented 2 bedroom apartment enjoys a light and airy feel with views towards both the inner and outer harbours. The living/dining room with access to the balcony enjoys an East facing aspect as does the main bedroom both with views towards the harbours. The kitchen is wel...
"Phillip Mann are extremely pleased to offer for sale this WELL MAINTAINED FAMILY HOME, which is situated in this POPULAR and DESIRABLE AREA. The property which is being offered with no chain is situated within walking distance to local shops, Happy Valley recreational grounds and direct bus links..."
A fabulous newly refurbished top floor one bedroom apartment situated on the Montpelier/ Clifton Hill Conservation area of Brighton.
"Close To Fiveways Wonderful size Two double bedroom First Floor Flat with Distant views, Close To the Popular Fiveways. Own Street entrance, Large Lounge, Kit/Breakfast room, Bathroom with Shower, Sep W.C. Benefiting from Gas Fired C.H. "
The Property Houseen Lettings is pleased to present this fantastic two double bedrooms and one bathroom in the sought after City Point Development of Central Brighton. The location of this property is perfect with easy access to Brighton mainline station and being within walking distance of both 
"Elegant, quiet and freshly painted this beautiful one bedroom apartment is in an exclusive terrace opposite the playing fields of Brighton College. An ideal first buy, high end investment or attractive trade up with leafy views to the front and back making it private, it has gracious proportions ..."
*TOWN CENTRE LOCATION* A luxury one bedroom first floor apartment located in the heart of Brighton just moments from the seafront/ promenade. Russell House benefits from having lift access to all floors and a concierge service. READY TO MOVE INTO NOW
"Synonymous with glamour from the streamlined yachts at anchor to its al fresco waterfront restaurants, Brighton Marina is a go to destination of our cosmopolitan coastal resort. Stylish and spacious, this two bedroom apartment with an allocated parking space, 24 hour security and the possibility ..."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS! - An opportunity has arisen to acquire a bright dual aspect, 2 bedroom apartment with tenants in situ! The property enjoys direct inner harbour views to the East and a South facing balcony from the living/dining room. Located from living/dining room is the fully fitted kitche..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £330,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £500,000"
A rare opportunity to acquire a superb purpose built penthouse apartment with two double bedrooms and two bath / shower rooms situated in the extremely popular New England Quarter of Brighton City centre moments from Brighton mainline railway station. A private balcony gives you some spectacular ...
"The Property Shop Brighton are delighted to bring to the market this beautiful period property full of character and in the desired location of Kemptown, a stones’ throw from local shops and the beach. This first floor flat boasts two great size double bedrooms, the master benefiting from fl..."
Seventh floor one bedroom apartment NEWLY RELEASED located in Phase 1 of Home-X part of the Preston Barracks regeneration Available to move into now.
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £327,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £495,000"
"This two bedroom first floor flat with private rear patio garden is located in a popular residential area, with good transport links to the city centre, Brighton Station and the universities. The property is accessed via its own street entrance and consists of a full width living room, separate k..."
"A real pad by the sea with views of the beach and sea, this one-bedroom split level flat is a unique blend of modern chic design and good old-fashioned elegance. The property comprises: communal entrance and lift, hall, open plan kitchen/ reception room, double bedroom, bathroom, and balcony...."
"Giant Corinthian columns adorn this magnificent Grade II Regency mansion in Busby’s symmetrical masterpiece Portland Place, designed to frame the sea which sparkles at the end of the terrace. Inside has a sunny east/west disposition and an elegant 572 square feet (53.1m2) to enjoy including..."
"Set in vast communal grounds, this stylish two bedroom apartment is in an exclusive location within a 4 minute walk of the legendary cafes, arts venues and restaurants of the North Laine and a scenic stroll through fountained gardens to the sea. Ideal for local professionals, commuters and invest..."
Contemporary two bedroom apartment in sought after block near Preston Park.
"Two Bedrooms In Montpelier / Clifton Hill Conservation Area | This fantastic second floor period conversion is spacious, has no onward chain & is located the heart of the City centre close to everything you could possibly want including the seafront, Churchill Square and Brighton mainline rai..."
"GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000 Having recently been altered and improved with a new internal layout, really maximising the Open Plan Kitchen allowing an abundance of light to flow through, which highlights this raised Ground Floor Garden Flat! The property offers spacious accommodation ..."
"***Guide Price £325,000 - £350,000*** Highdown Court is one of three luxury apartment blocks on this prestigious development. There is seasonal use of an outdoor communal heated swimming pool. Preston Park with its sporting amenities including tennis courts, cycle track, bo..."
** NEW LISTING ** Purplebricks Brighton are delighted to offer for sale this new to market spacious one bedroom apartment with own private entrance in the ever popular Port Hall area. This spacious one bedroom apartment has a fantastic feeling of space yet a real sense of cosiness. Upon enteri...
"***GUIDE PRICE £325,000-£350,000*** Immaculate apartment offered with no forward chain situated in a favoured block along The Strand, Brighton Marina. The property offers spacious accommodation throughout with a stylish finish and offers two double bedrooms, two ..."
"A safe haven this beautiful two bedroom, top floor apartment is within Grade I listed Sussex Square, one of the south coast’s most exclusive addresses. Ideal as a quiet retreat or luxury investment, this spacious property offers a generous 49.9m2 (537sq ft) of sun-lit rooms in which to spre..."
** NEW LISTING ** Purplebricks Brighton are delighted to offer for sale this new to market 2 bedroom apartment in a fantastic location in Westdene. Upon entering the building you have a small flight of stairs to get to the apartment entrance located on a raised ground floor. Entering the apar...
"Fox & Sons are delight to market this stunning two bedroom maisonette. This property has been decorated to a high standard throughout and features two double bedrooms, spacious contemporary living space and south-facing rear garden & terrace."
New to the market is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a two bedroom apartment in one of the best locations in Brighton. As you walking into the flat you have on your left a bright and spacious lounge kitchen area at the front of the building with large bay windows and a modern kitchen with spa...
"*** GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000 *** A delightful two bedroom flat with generously sized garden which has a pleasant leafy outlook to the rear. Forming the ground floor of an attractive Edwardian double-fronted property and benefiting from its own street entrance. Well presented accommodat..."
"Cox & Co are delighted to offer this good-sized two-bedroom converted apartment on the second floor of a period regency property in Central Brighton, just off the main seafront coast road. Cavendish Place is situated directly off Brighton seafront, quiet no-through road moments from the ..."
"***Cash Buyers Only***This delightful two bedroom purpose built apartment is situated in a popular conservation area located in a highly sought after location in Brighton close to local shops, boutiques bars and restaurants. With its bohemian feel and great community spirit close to Kemp Town it ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000 This stunning apartment features an Easterly facing balcony along with the added bonus of a garage. We love the spacious lounge/dining room which has been tastefully designed along with the impressive fitted kitchen which has integrated appliances and gran..."
"Fox & sons estate agents are delighted to market this extended three bedroom semi-detached house within walking distance of local shops, park and schools. Regular bus services into Brighton City centre are close by. Viewings by appointment only."
1 Bedroom Apartment With A Garden - Available to Reserve Luxury living in a convenient 7 Dials location. 
"A refurbishment/development opportunity in a prime location. Ideal for an investor or First Time Buyer. The property consists of; A bright west-facing open-plan kitchen/dining/living room, two double bedrooms, a bathroom and double glazing. Marlborough Place is just moments from the ..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000 *** Offered with no onward chain and its own private terrace, this beautifully presented two double bedroom raised ground floor period conversion forms part of an attractive bow-fronted townhouse and is perfectly positioned for those seeking the vibrancy ou..."
"Fox and Sons are delighted to market this spacious Edwardian first floor maisonette situated in this sought after Brighton location, popular with young families and professionals. Beautifully decorated throughout, this is a must see."
"Two bedroom first floor flat situated in sought-after location off popular Elm grove. Queens Park with its leisure facilities as well as local schools are close by while the City centre, the seafront and main line railway station are easily accessible on foot. TWO BEDROOM FLAT - WELLINGTON ROA..."
Spacious two bedroom apartment | Lovely views | Open plan kitchen/lounge | Well maintained modern building | Short walk to seafront and North Laine | Walk in wardrobe | Bike storage | Leasehold 111 years remaining
"OPEN HOUSE THIS SATURDAY (18TH MARCH) - by appointment only. Chain Free! Ground floor flat available in quiet yet central location. Additional basement space, currently used as a studio plus direct access to sunny communal garden at the rear. Well-presented and ready to move into makes an ideal f..."
"Grade II listed charm, a chic, refurbished interior and oblique views of the sea at the end of this Regency terrace are a winning combination for this spacious one bedroom apartment. Offering a sophisticated open plan lifestyle with a stylish, brand new kitchen and on trend bathroom, at the back ..."
"***CHAIN FREE*** GUIDE PRICE £325,000-£350,000** A bright and spacious very well appointed two bedroom first floor apartment sited within a hugely popular and central location in Brighton. Offering local shops and amenities on your doorstep and being within easy reach of Brighton station..."
Share of Freehold converted flat which is also being sold with no onward chain. It is beautifully presented throughout and a lovely blend of period features and modern touches. It has use of Kemptown enclosures and would make an ideal first time buy.
"This spacious two bedroom apartment offers partial Sea views and views over Old Steine Gardens. The property offers a open plan lounge /to a very modern Kitchen, Modern Bathroom and two double bedrooms."
"*Guide price £325,000 - £350,000* Kingsmere is a popular block located near to Preston Park and Fiveways, the train station and just a short walk into the city. This apartment is located on the first floor with a passenger lift and comes with a useful garage, parking is also available. Check out ..."
"ASKING PRICE £325,000 | This is an excellent opportunity to get your hands on a well presented two bedroom first floor flat with a sunny rear garden! Situated on a quiet residential street in a sought after location, you're just moments from all local amenities and transport links on Lewes R..."
"A unique opportunity to purchase a rare three-bedroom ground floor apartment situated in the ever-popular Westdene, offered to market with a..."
"Located in Preston Circus, close to Preston Park and a short walk through the Laines to Brighton centre and seafront. Patio flat with own street entrance in move-in condition. Viewing recommended."
Ground floor apartment in a landmark building on the edge of Kemp Town just up from Brighton Marina. Well-presented from the offset with a welcoming hallway. Large windows in all of the principle rooms offering impressive natural light throughout.
"* Guide price £325,000 - £350,000 * Ground floor flat with its own entrance conveniently located for access to the city and beyond. Private rear garden, with patio area, ideal for entertaining in the summer. Move in condition, ideal first time buy."
"Offers In Excess Of £325,000. Beautifully presented one bedroom apartment for sale in the heart of Kemptown. Boasting a South facing patio garden, double bedroom, fitted kitchen, bright and sunny reception room. Share of Freehold. Perfect for anyone wanting a turn key apartment in a fanta..."
"GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000 An utterly unique one/two bedroom first floor apartment offered to market with no onward chain and its own private garden."
A stylish and skilfully converted one bedroom split-level seaside apartment with roof terrace and stunning views direct to sea and along the coast towards Brighton Beach and Marina beyond. A sympathetic blend of contemporary design within an impressive period building. Favoured position on the 4t...
"Stunning Maisonette that is being sold with no chain. Located moments from Brighton beach, Soho House and Brighton town centre. There is a lift in the building and the flat has a private roof terrace with stunning views."
"Recently converted, stunning 2 bed Maisonette located in a favourable residential area of Brighton. Accommodation comprises on the first floor of a fully tiled family bathroom with bath and overhead shower, open planned kitchen/dining area with fully integrated appliances and separate lounge area..."
Spacious ground floor two bedroom apartment situated in the heart of Brighton City Centre making it an ideal city pad. The property is located just moments away from Churchill Square Shopping Centre and Brighton Seafront and with easy reach of Brighton Mainline Station.
A lovely bright two bedroom apartment in a great location. Chain free.
Two bedroom ground floor flat situated in the heart of porthall.
Jacobs Steel are delighted to present to the market this one double bedroom split level maisonette on the second and third floor of this period building being walking distance of central Brighton and with the added benefit of no onward chain.
"Kendrick Property Services are delighted to offer for sale this versatile 2 double bedroom ground and first floor maisonette that occupies a prime central location, just off Lewes Road and therefore within immediate proximity of all amenities, including bus routes to the seafront and City center. "
"***GUIDE PRICE: £325,000 - £350,000*** Robert Luff & Co are delighted to bring to market this spacious two bedroom apartment situated in the popular Queens Park area. Situated on the top floor, this apartment boasts some of the most stunning South facing views, over looking Brighton Coll..."
"Purplebricks Brighton are delighted to offer for sale this new to the market one bedroom apartment in the heart of Brighton, location in the highly sought after Preston Park area. This spacious one bedroom apartment has so much to offer including a fantastic living room with a large bay window,..."
Spacious Two Bedroom Garden Flat | A fantastic opportunity to acquire a bright & extremely spacious two bedroom first floor garden flat situated in the vibrant Lewes Road area moments from all local amenities & close to Brighton City Centre and both universities.
"GUIDE PRICE: £320,000--£340,000. VACANT POSSESSION. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILBLE ON REQUEST. Withdean Court is a smart Deco development nestled in amongst mature trees on the border of Surrenden and Preston Village. This attractive two-bedroom apartment ..."
"Yopa are delighted to offer for sale this period two bedroom garden flat which is a light and bright first floor flat. The property consists of a lounge to the front aspect, kitchen/breakfast room and a bathroom to the rear and two good sized bedrooms and a garden"
"* READY TO MOVE INTO NOW * This BRAND NEW one bedroom apartment comes complete with high specification finish throughout, integrated appliances and quartz worktops. Situated in central Brighton, this apartment is within close proximity to the seafront and train station."
"This lovely ground and lower ground floor 2 BEDROOM MAISONETTE boasts an OPEN PLAN LOUNGE/KITCHEN with French doors leading out to a well maintained 50' rear SOUTH-WEST FACING PRIVATE GARDEN with decking area. The property offers 2 DOUBLE BEDROOMS, a MODERN KITCHEN & BATHROOM as well as a PRIVATE..."
"OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £315,000. A large one double bedroom apartment, with both front and west facing back garden. Share Of Freehold with a 999 year lease, a stones throw from both St Luke's School, and the beautiful Queens Park. Freshfield Street is a truly wonderful place to live, a family o..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £314,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £475,000"
"OIEO £310,000Rustington Road is located in the popular residential area in Patcham. A handy parade or shops, cafes and pubs are a short walk including all local amenities. Highly favourable Local schools are close by with Patcham high school and Carden primary school both within w..."
"Middleton Estates are delighted to present this neutrally decorated 2 bedroom apartment close to ""fiveways"". Positioned on the ground floor this apartment offers 2 double bedrooms, spacious living room with area for dining, separate modern kitchen and a modern family bathroo..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £307,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £465,000"
AVAILABLE NOW. West facing flexi one bedroom apartment located on the third floor of this new development in Brighton's new eclectic community. MOVE IN NOW.
"***Guide Price £300,000- £325,000*** Situated in Preston Circus, this one-bedroom apartment is positioned within a stunning Victorian building and is the ideal home. Renovated to a beautiful and stylish décor throughout, this property has a working log burner, ample storage space a..."
"*** OFFERS OVER £300,000*** WELL PRESENTED ONE BEDROOM FREEHOLD HOUSE IN SOUGHT AFTER CENTRAL BRIGHTON LOCATION CLOSE TO SEA FRONT. NO ONWARD CHAIN. Situated in the Regency Square conservation area and surrounded by some of the best examples of Brighton’s Regency..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £300,000 - £325,000 Stunning, two bed, first floor apartment, located on the sought after Hollingbury Park Avenue. Accommodation comprises of modern, open plan lounge/dining/kitchen area with fully integrated appliances, Two double bedrooms and a fully tiled ba..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £300,000-£325,000*** Terrific, one double bedroom apartment offered with no forward chain. Set within an attractive, period building is this light and bright lower ground floor flat offering brilliant room sizes throughout and the benefit of its ow..."
"Stunning 2 bed, first floor, new new build apartment located in a quiet close on the outskirts of Brighton. Accommodation comprises two double sized bedrooms, bathroom and open plan living/dining/kitchen area. The property also benefits from a private parking space. Situated in t..."
"Stunning 2 bed, Ground Floor, new build apartment located in a quiet close on the outskirts of Brighton. Accommodation comprises two double sized bedrooms, bathroom and open plan living/dining/kitchen area, leading to a private balcony. The property also benefits from a private parking space. "
"This is a refurbished apartment forming part of this Art Deco development situated on Rottingdean seafront directly on the back of the beach adjacent to local shops, cafes, restaurants and promenade. Viewing of this well presented apartment is highly recommended."
"*** OFFERS OVER £300,000 *** ELEGANT TWO BEDROOM MAISONETTE IN BAY FRONTED PERIOD PROPERTY. CHAIN FREE. SOUGHT AFTER PRESTON CIRCUS LOCATION. SHORT WALK TO BRIGHTON TRAIN STATION. SOLD WITH A NEW LEASE OF 125 YEARS Conveniently situated on a quiet road near to the gre..."
"GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000. A fabulous one bedroom apartment located in the centre of Brighton just moments away from the seafront / promenade."
This two double bedroom apartment set in this fantastic and iconic Art Deco block built in the 1930's really is a must see. Set on the beautiful coast in the idyllic village of Rottingdean with sp...
"A stylish and spacious one-bedroom apartment within the prestigious Argus Lofts building situated right in the heart of the North Laines. Offering sophisticated city living, this property is in immaculate condition throughout with solid oak flooring, a spacious living area, a large doubl..."
"*** OFFERS OVER £300,000 *** ATTRACTIVE TWO BEDROOM THIRD FLOOR APARTMENT IN KEMP TOWN, NEAR TO BRIGHTON SEAFRONT. NO ONWARD CHAIN. This period apartment is set across two floors and is very well-presented throughout. The property briefly offers a spacious open plan l..."
"Beautifully decorated, this flat is a fantastic buy! With your own street entrance into the large hallway and living space with a big bay window letting in floods of light. The sunny rear garden is low maintenance, the perfect spot to relax. Unpack your bags and move straight in, offered chain free."
"Chain Free! *Guide price £300,000 - £325,000* Well-proportioned first floor flat with extra space for dining table/working from home, plus garden and loft space for storage which is in popular and friendly community of Hollingdean, just down from Fiveways with local shops, cafes and much more."
"Guide £300,000 - £325,000 Set within this attractive 19th century property, is this bright and homely two bedroom apartment. Situated on Beaconsfield Villas, the property is less than a ten-minute walk to both Preston Park Station and London Road Station, perfect for anyone commuting to ..."
Beautiful one bedroom flat situated on the raised ground floor of a Grade II listed Regency terraced house in the East Cliff Conservation Area.
Sold With No Chain. Raised ground floor converted flat that has stunning south facing lounge with period features. Located moments from the sea and in central Kemptown.
"The Weatherill Property Group are very pleased to present this VERY LARGE AND WELL LAID OUT GROUND FLOOR FLAT, offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, an IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR BUY TO LET, positioned in Buckingham Place, roughly equidistant between PAVEMENT CAFE CULTURE AT SEVEN DIALS AND BRIGHTO..."
"Guide Price £300,000-£325,000 Avard Estate agents are delighted to offer for sale a beautiful newly renovated two bedroom first floor flat. This light and airy flat offers a large living room, a spacious separate kitchen, bathroom, separate toilet and 2 bedrooms. The living room has a be..."
"A refurbishment/development opportunity in a prime location. Ideal for an investor or First Time Buyer. The property consists of; Two bedrooms, an open-plan kitchen/dining/living space and a bathroom. Marlborough Place is just moments from the seafront located in the heart of Bright..."
"Yopa are delighted to offer for sale this very well presented upper floor, two bedroom Maisonette in Brighton. The property consists of entrance hall, light and spacious lounge with bay window, two double bedrooms, separate modern fitted kitchen and bathroom."
"Chic, secure and steps away from the beach, this sophisticated one bedroom apartment is an ideal first buy or investment, tucked away on the third floor of a beautiful Grade II building attributed to the famous Regency architects Busy and Wilds. Inside blends period proportion with a finely honed..."
"Perfectly positioned pied-à-terre offered chain-free and with a 50% share in the freehold. A charming period conversion, this lower ground floor patio flat is thought to be the only one in the square and forms part of a bay fronted Victorian house, neatly tucked away to the far side of this desir..."
"Two Bed Apartments with Integrated Appliances, Under Floor Heating & Communal Gardens Access. Available From £300,000 for a 75% Share Through Shared Ownership.Call Today for More Information!"
"Guide Price £300,000 - £325,000 Hamlyn Smith are delighted to present this seafront apartment on Marine Parade. The property has one bedroom and a fantastic reception room with south-facing windows and views of the Palace Pier."
"Newly renovated with an impressive finish throughout, this stylish one-bedroom apartment stands-out from the rest. It sits within the third floor of a substantial, Victorian apartment building, so it enjoys leafy treetop views and the generous proportions of the period. In addition, it sits..."
"This TWO bedroom RAISED GROUND FLOOR flat, ideally situated on this sought after wide avenue, just off BRIGHTON SEAFRONT and in the heart of Kemp Town village. GUIDE PRICE £300-325,000"
A spacious two bedroom apartment with rear patio gardens situated moments from the seafront/ promenade. The property is spacious.
"A very well presented top floor apartment, situated in a an extremely central position."
"Fox & Sons are proud to bring to market this spacious ground floor garden flat. The property consists of 2 double bedrooms, living room, kitchen, bathroom and private garden."
"***Guide Price- £300,000 - £325,000*** A one-bedroom apartment requiring renovation making it a perfect investment opportunity, with an open plan living area and large private south-facing garden. The apartment itself is situated on the ground floor, comprising an open plan li..."
"Chain Free! Larger than average ground floor flat with high ceilings, plenty of useful storage space and character features which is located close to Preston Park station, shops, and cafes. Also comes with allocated parking."
"Well-presented 2 bed apartment, in a highly desirable area of Brighton. Accommodation is split across two floors and comprises of entrance hallway, spacious living room, recently refitted, modern kitchen area, Two double bedrooms (with the attic room being accessed via a Paddle Ladder) and family..."
"*Guide Price £300,000-£325,000* This large end of terrace top floor maisonette is one not to be missed! Spacious throughout, with each room being tastefully decorated. Located on Upper Hollingdean Road, with your own front entrance, you're very well situated close to Fiveways, excellent schools a..."
Beautifully presented one bedroom flat with a large garden located in the sought after Seven Dials. 
"GUIDE PRICE: £300,000 - £325,000 A gorgeous, bright and airy, two bedroom, first floor flat, forming part of an attractive building located in a sought after location close to Fiveways."
Unleash your cosmopolitan streak and enjoy a glamorous coastal lifestyle to the full in this fabulous one bedroom loft style apartment with a chic address at the heart of Brighton’s famous North Laine. In the former Evening Argus Newspaper premises transformed into luxury apartments by awar...
"Recently converted, stunning 2 bed, lower ground floor flat located in a favourable residential area of Brighton. Accommodation comprises of a fully tiled family bathroom with bath and overhead shower, open planned kitchen/dining area with fully integrated appliances and access to the rear courty..."
"Kendrick Property Services are delighted to offer for sale this TOP FLOOR apartment located within a STONES THROW from BRIGHTON BEACH, the property also benefits from SHARE OF FREEHOLD and NO CHAIN "
"One bedroom flat situated in sought after Hanover location, Queens Park with its leisure facilities as well as local schools are close by while the City centre, the seafront and main line railway station are easily accessible. ALBION HILL - ONE BEDROOM FLAT - £299,950 LEASEHOLD - VIEWING BY APPO..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £297,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £450,000"
"Two Bed Apartments with Integrated Appliances, Under Floor Heating & Communal Gardens Access. Available From £296,250 for a 75% Share Through Shared Ownership. Call to View Our Homes!"
"OIEO £295,000Jack Taggart & Co are pleased to offer you this stunning period terraced house, based in the sought after and desirable area of Hollingdean. It is in walking distance of all local amenities and not far from London Road train station, also no parking rest..."
Two bedroom apartments available through Shared Ownership. Call today to view our show homes!
"In a sought after garden square with glittering sea views, this spacious one bedroom apartment is in prime position on the first floor of a beautiful, grade II listed Regency house with a wrought iron balcony where guests can spill out to enjoy this glamorous location between the beach and the le..."
"Video/Face Time Tour Upon Request. Victorian period converted apartment with its own private entrance. Directly opposite Brighton College playing fields in a tranquil street yet moments away from Kemp Town Village and the seafront. Double bedroom, spacious living room with large bay window, pat..."
"New to the market is this two double bedroom apartment situated within the New England Quarter. The flat offers an open plan living/dining and kitchen area, a bathroom/shower/WC and a rear patio area with access to the high street. The property has huge potential. Other benefits include double gl..."
Located in the Art Deco building Withdean Court situated off of London Road. This spacious apartments benefits from access to landscaped communal gardens
"***GUIDE PRICE £290,000-£310,000*** Forming part of a charming, Victorian terrace, this bright and spacious apartment makes for an ideal first home or investment and has the added bonus of a brilliant sized rear garden. Being raised ground floor, the bay window ..."
"From the glamorous yachts at anchor to its al fresco waterfront restaurants, Brighton Marina is the go to destination of our cosmopolitan coastal resort. Stylish and secure, this two bedroom apartment with an allocated parking space has all you need for fabulous coastal lifestyle: A sophisticated..."
"Grade II Listed Building. Spacious and bright first floor apartment with the seafront at the bottom of your road, moments away from Kemp Town village not forgetting Brighton city centre with it's good transport links. The property offers a recently painted façade, balcony with sea views, rec..."
"A spacious 3 BEDROOM 2nd (top) floor PURPOSE BUILT FLAT situated in this popular development in Hollingdean. The property benefits from many features with GOOD SIZE ACCOMMODATION, gas fired heating, double glazed windows and FANTASTIC FAR REACHING VIEWS. Energy Rating: C78 Exclusive to Maslen Es..."
"Avard Estate Agents are pleased to be able to offer for sale this beautifully presented ground floor one bedroom apartment forming part of this impressive double fronted period building. This fantastic property also benefits from having share of the freehold, feature office/studio and a westerly ..."
"A spacious and well thought out one-bedroom ground floor apartment. This home benefits from having two ports of outdoor space associated to the apartment. Moments away from Brighton's famous Queens Park as well as Hanover bustling community, this apartment certainly has a lot to offer."
**TOP FLOOR SPLIT LEVEL 2 BEDROOM FLAT | DESIRABLE LOCATION | NO CHAIN | IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR BUY TO LET INVESTMENT**
"*** ASKING PRICE £285,000*** A SPACIOUS AND WELL-PRESENTED TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM FIRST AND SECOND FLOOR MAISONETTE VERY WELL-SITUATED IN PRESTON PARK. LEASEHOLD. NO ONWARD CHAIN. Set across the first and second floors of an attractive end-of-terrace period property, this ..."
"Well appointed two bedroom second floor apartment in heart of the historic village of Rottingdean. Very well presented with two good size double bedrooms as well as a spacious reception room, this apartment is being offered with No Onward Chain. A Garage is available by separate negotiation"
Spacious two bedroom city centre balcony flat with far reaching views to the South Downs.
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £281,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £425,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £280,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £425,000"
"GUIDE PRICE : £280,000 - £300,000. VIEWING BY APPOINTMENT ONLY. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. VACANT POSSESSION. CHAIN FREE. Beautifully renovated with bright, spacious rooms and far-reaching views across the city to the..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £280,000-£300,000*** Built in approximately 1880, this charming, raised ground floor apartment is located in one of Brighton's most central positions. The accommodation is well laid out and each room is light and bright with original sash windows,..."
"A charming maisonette in a Regency building and is is being sold with no chain with new extended lease. The flat has plenty of character including exposed brick work, a feature fire place, wooden roof beams. It also has access to highly regarded Kemp Town Enclosures."
"A one bedroom top floor flat forming part of a converted property located on one of the city centres most highly sought after areas. Offering easy access to Brighton's mainline station, which is considered ideal for commuters."
"This bright and modern one bedroom flat sits in the heart of Brighton creative zone; The North Laine, where streets of boutique shops, fashionable bars and an antique emporiums lead the way through the city centre towards the sea. EPC: TBC Council Tax: A"
"***£280,000 -£290,000*** Well presented, 2 bed, first floor flat. The property comprises of 2 large double bedrooms, hallway which leads on to the kitchen, large lounge, which is opposite the first of the two bedrooms, and at the end of the hallway you have a nice sized fam..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £280,000 - £290,000*** A WONDERFULLY PRESENTED ONE BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT WITH FANTASTIC PRIVATE COURTYARD WALLED SOUTH FACING GARDEN. LOCATED IN KEMPTOWN MOMENTS FROM THE SEAFRONT. This beautifully decorated apartment offers a large centr..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £280,000--£300,000. SHARE OF FREEHOLD. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. Ideal for first time buyers and buy to let investors, this smart and stylish one-bedroom flat is ready to move straight in to. It is formed from the part-lower ..."
"Offered to the market CHAIN FREE!A generous one bedroom garden flat situated within a convenient central location and within close proximity to mainline rail services from London Road Station.The surrounding is offers an excellent variety of stores, services and popular restaurants and pubs a..."
"OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £280,000 Perfect for first time buyers and commuters! A two bedroom, ground floor flat, within a purpose built block located within walking distance of Preston Park Station. With two large double bedrooms, a generous lounge, separate kitchen and direct access to communal ..."
"*Guide Price £280,000 - £300,000* Fourth floor flat with stunning all round sea views. Brighton Marina and the seafront at your fingertips, this beautifully presented light and spacious flat is a perfectly positioned. Situated across from the marina and close to all that Kemp Town has to offer. W..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £280,000--£300,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. SHARE OF FREEHOLD. On a leafy road close to Preston Park Station and within a few minutes of Preston Park and Village, this spacious one-bedroom apartment is formed from the groun..."
"GUIDE PRICE:£280,000--£300,000. INTERNAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON REQUEST. A stylish interior, period features and a pretty courtyard garden come together to create this superb one-bedroom flat which is ready to move straight into. It sits in the newly regener..."
NO ONWARD CHAIN | Two bedroom top floor flat | LONG LEASE | Bright and Spacious throughout | Two double bedrooms | Popular central location | Stunning views | Large lounge and separate kitchen | Bathroom with shower over bath | GCH | Listed Building in Roundhill Conservation Area | Leasehold with...
"A modern and bright basement flat with a private garden. Located in central Brighton in Franklin Road, walking distance to local amenities in Lewes road. Chain free, this property is ready to move into, no work required its already modernised and redecorated to a high standard. Private e..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £280,000 - £300,000*** An opportunity to acquire this amazing one bedroom first floor flat apartment which has been completely renovated throughout in this brand newly converted building located in the very heart of the city centre. The property is finished is to a high s..."
"A very well presented first floor apartment in walking distance to a variety of shops, restaurants, and Preston Park. With an abundance of natural light through the beautiful bay window into the open plan lounge/kitchen area is the social space."
"Ginger & Sanders are delighted to offer this SUPERB CITY CENTRE FLAT IN THE HEART OF BRIGHTON. Close to shops, sea, and transport links. The property comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, double bedroom, and family bathroom. The property further benefits from private rear courtyard cont.."
A one bedroom first floor apartment forming part of a period terraced building located opposite the recently renovated Victoria Gardens just to the North of the Royal Pavilion.
"GUIDE PRICE £280,000-£300,000 A central one bedroom top floor apartment situated in the heart of Brighton being within minutes of the seafront, the shopping area of Western Road and Brighton mainline station, The property has bright and spacious living accommodation throughout with large..."
"Three Bed Townhouse's in Bright & Bubbly Brighton, Available from £227,500 for a 50% Share Through Shared Ownership | Call to View for More information!"
"***Guide Price of £275,000 - £300,000*** Spacious Purpose Built City Centre Apartment With Parking Space & Communal Roof Terrace. This fantastic first floor purpose built apartment offers spacious, redecorated living accommodation and an off road parking space situated in the heart ..."
"** NEW LISTING ** Purplebricks Brighton are delighted to offer for sale this new to market two bedroom converted apartment in this ever popular location near Preston Park. Set out over the top two floor this spacious apartment consists of two double bedrooms, a separate kitchen, a spacious yet ..."
"An elegant bijou apartment located within a stones throw of the Kemptown Enclosures and the beach. A few steps from the cafes and shops of St. James Street, and the famous pier , The apartment itself is neat and graceful, with high ceilings, sash windows and a fireplace. The property ..."
"** Guide Price £275,000 - £300,000 ** A beautifully presented one bedroom apartment with al large garden and its own street entrance, close to London Road station."
**BIJOUX RESIDENCE IN CENTRAL BRIGHTON | 1 BEDROOM REGENCY PROPERTY | PATIO COURTYARD | IN NEED OF MODERNISATION**
"Situated in the Clifton Hill & Montpelier Conservation area, this apartment has been fantastically looked after by the current owner. Having been the sole owner, the property has remained in excellent condition."
"Big and bright with an easy flow, this sociable one bedroom apartment is a 4 minute walk from both the beach at the bottom of the hill and Queen’s Park at the top, and the vibrant bars and al fresco lifestyle of St James’s Street are in between – but out of hearing! On the groun..."
Kendrick Property Services are delighted to offer for sale this spacious and well finished 2 bedroom apartment located by the ever popular area of Elm Grove. This property consists of a bright and spacious living room that opens up to the modern fitted kitchen. Towards the rear of the property yo...
"***GUIDE PRICE £275,000-£300,000 *** A GOOD-SIZED TWO BEDROOM TOP FLOOR PURPOSE-BUILT APARTMENT WITH OFF-STREET PARKING SITUATED IN KEMP TOWN. OFFERED WITH A SHARE OF FREEHOLD AND NO ONWARD CHAIN. Conveniently located a short walk away from the bustling cafes and..."
"2 DOUBLE BEDROOM TOP FLOOR FLAT LOCATED IN THIS POPULAR RESIDENTIAL STREET. Highlights include bright & airy accommodation throughout, large lounge, gas heating, double glazing and fantastic south facing sun trap balcony. Local schools and shops are close by and the town centre is within easy rea..."
"Jacobs Steel are delighted to offer for sale this top floor two double bedroom apartment positioned just off Marine Parade in central Brighton, benefitting from direct sea views."
"Regency period converted third floor apartment. Perfectly placed at the rear of the building for tranquillity is this bright and spacious one bedroom apartment. High ceilings and sash windows, separate kitchen, spacious living room and access to the Private Residents Sussex Square Gardens. Just o..."
"A fabulous first floor one bedroom apartment situated in the heart of the South Lanes in central Brighton moments from the seafront/ promenade, Brighton Mainline Station and all of the cities popular restaurants, cafes, bars, shops and boutiques."
With fantastic views over Withdean Park and a south facing balcony this two bedroom apartment near Preston Park Station is not one to be missed. This sought after block features communal gardens and residents parking along with a passenger lift providing access to all floors. Internally the apart...
Kendrick Property Services are delighted to offer for sale this well presented 2 bedroom apartment located just off London Road. The property is located on a quiet private road and is ideal if you are a commuter or like being central without the hustle and bustle. 
"Three Bed Townhouse's in Bright & Bubbly Brighton, Available from £272,500 for a 50% Share Through Shared Ownership | Call to View Now!"
"Chic and stylish, this luxury one bedroom apartment is in a prime location opposite the fountains and lawns of Victoria Gardens and just one minute from the Royal Pavilion and its surrounding arts venues. Benefiting from the recent re-routing of traffic, this is a surprisingly quiet retreat with ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £270,000 - £280,000 Lextons is delighted to bring to market this stunning one-bedroom split level apartment, situated on Vernon Terrace. The property has been fully refurbished to very high standard and can be found within this elegant mid 19th-Century building in the heart o..."
*NEEDS WORK* POSSIBLE INVESTMENT Two bedroom purpose built flat that is being sold with no chain. It has stunning views of the sea and down the coast and the building benefits from having a lift. The lounge is a good size and has plenty of space for dining table and chair.
"***GUIDE PRICE £270,000-£300,000*** Offered CHAIN FREE is this fantastic opportunity to purchase a beautiful, two double bedroom apartment situated in the heart of Brighton Marina just moments from the waterfront; this super apartment offers a seaside lifestyle and enjoys e..."
"1 Bed Ground floor Flat located in a highly popular residential area of Brighton. Accommodation comprises of entrance hall, lounge area, double bedroom, kitchen and bathroom with bath and overhead shower. The property benefits from no onward chain and own garden. Located in a popular r..."
"** 2 BEDROOM TOP FLOOR FLAT WITH GARAGE ** A 2 bedroom flat in a purpose built block situated in a popular residential area of Brighton just of Ditchling Road, close to London Road mainline train station and near Preston Park. Ideal for local primary schools and secondary schools in the area. AVA..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £270,000 - £280,000 *** A WELL-PRESENTED AND SPACIOUS ONE BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR PERIOD APARTMENT LOCATED IN KEMP TOWN, NEAR TO THE SEAFRONT. SHARE OF FREEHOLD. NO ONWARD CHAIN. Set on the first foor of an attractive period building, this good-sized..."
"Built in 2014 and well looked after since, this flat is a good size with balcony that offers sea views during the day and lovely sunset views come evening. Communal bike storage, communal roof gardens. Ideal first time buy."
"First floor apartment located on a quiet but central road in Kemptown. High ceilings, lots of light, modern decor and move-in condition makes this the perfect first time buy. Additional room (used as bedroom) located on the half landing would make ideal home office/studio space."
"Mishon Mackay are proud to present to the market this fabulous one-bedroom, first floor apartment which is perfectly positioned on this quiet residential street right in the heart of the Kemp Town Village."
A fantastic one bedroom flat tucked away in a peaceful purpose-built development off of London Road
Stunning period conversion. First floor balcony apartment with fantastic sea views ideal for relaxing after a hard day at the beach. Double bedroom with plenty of room for furniture. Spacious lounge. Separate kitchen and shower room. Just off Brighton seafront and near Brighton City Centre. Chain...
An Excellent Newly Refurbished One Bedroom Basement Garden flat with its own Private Entrance in a quiet sought-after Cul-de-Sac in a popular Kemptown location.
"An Excellent Newly Refurbished One Bedroom Basement Garden flat with its own Private Entrance in a quiet sought-after Cul-de-Sac in a popular Kemptown location. This delightful one-bedroom flat is an ideal first-time purchase or investment opportunity and offers a front patio garden, private..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £265,000 - £275,000 *** Robert Luff & Co are delighted to bring to market this fantastic one bedroom ground floor apartment located in the ever popular Elm Grove / Hanover area. Accommodation currently offers one bedroom, living area with period features, separate kitchen..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £264,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £400,000"
"In a sought after location of New Steine with the sea just a short walk away, this spacious one bedroom apartment is in prime position on the ground floor . An ideal first purchase or rental, the property comprises of a spacious Lounge/Diner with sea views out of the beautiful bay window, a large..."
"Stunning 1 bed, Lower Ground Floor, new build apartment located in a quiet close on the outskirts of Brighton. Accommodation comprises double sized bedroom, bathroom and open plan living/dining/kitchen area. The property also benefits from a private rear garden. Situated in the ..."
"A bright and spacious one bedroom second floor apartment sited within central Brighton, the Property sits within a pedestrianised street in a modern block. The property offers a triple aspect open plan living room/kitchen and leads out onto a south facing balcony and a further roof terrace with f..."
**No Onward Chain** This beautifully presented and recently refurbished first-floor apartment sits moments away from Brighton Seafront and is a short walk to the City Centre. The wonderful open-plan living area and fitted kitchen are flooded with plenty of natural light from floor-to-cei...
"Fantastic Sea Views. Two double bedroom sixth floor apartment situated very close to employers such as American Express and the Royal Sussex County Hospital as well as offering easy access to Brighton City Centre and local shops, restaurants and bars on St James Street. "
"Very well presented one bedroom, south facing, end of terrace, flat in the the ever popular Hanover area, within walking distance of Brighton railway station and the city centre."
"MyHaus Brighton welcome you to Montpelier street, a one bedroom apartment offering the chance to put your own stamp on the property. This apartment comprising of a large living room, kitchen, bathroom, bedroom and courtyard style garden is located in central Brighton and would be a fantas..."
"A stylish retreat with shops and cafes on the doorstep and the sea just two blocks down, this one bedroom apartment with precious outside space is a great first time buy or high end investment within a 15 walk from the County Hospital (or 7 by bus). With a bright east/west orientation, on the gro..."
"***NO CHAIN*** Approximately 1.5 miles from the picturesque cultural heart of our international coastal resort (about 7- 10 minutes by cab), Brighton Marina offers glittering waterfront restaurants, a casino, health club/spa and cinemas as well as berths for luxury boats. Tucked discre..."
| QUEENS PARK | IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS | PERFECT LOCATION | MODERN | HOMELY | LONG LEASE | 
"A lovely one bedroom GROUND FLOOR FLAT situated in a POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION close to shops, bars, cafes and bus routes. The property benefits from a PATIO GARDEN to the rear and is offered CHAIN FREE. Energy Rating: C72 Exclusive to Maslen Estate Agents"
"A Bright & Spacious One Bedroom, Third floor flat in this historic, purpose built block. Situated on Marine Parade this particular property is one of the side facing flats with oblique sea views from Kitchen and lounge. The double bedroom is to the rear of the property. The bathroom has ..."
"Conveniently located for the University of Brighton and the shops and cafes of Lewes Road, the property offers easy access to the South Downs and good commuter routes. Regular bus services run into the centre of Brighton and Hove and onto the outlying areas, and while London Road train stati..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £250,000-£275,000*** Second floor, one bedroom apartment in central Brighton. Converted from an original Victorian townhouse, this lovely property has wooden floors and white walls throughout providing a modern and stylish blank canvas to suit all..."
"A generously sized fourth floor Double Bedroom apartment quietly located in this modern purpose built building. Built in 2014, this impressive, well maintained development has plenty to offer including allocated secure underground parking, private balcony and two large communal roof terraces with..."
"King & Chasemore are proud to present this 1bedroom property which is the perfect opportunity to get onto the housing market! The apartment is made up of a warm & bright lounge with large original sash windows. A good space for a dining area, a modern kitchen to the front of th..."
"A well maintained 1 bedroom lower ground floor patio flat wiith it's own separate street entrance and private rear patio garden.The flat benefits from gas fired central heating, double glazed windows and is being sold with a new 999 year lease and a share of the freehold title. * NO ONWARD CHAIN *"
Hashtag Properties Brings to the market this1 Double Bedroom Flat on London Road edge of Westdene Brighton. Only a 2 minute walk to Bus Stop 20 minute walk to Main Line Station. Parking & Close to Local Shops. New Bathroom Open Plan Kitchen/Lounge Double Bedroom Requires some updating.
"A bright, spacious one bedroom apartment within an impressive mansion house. Offering bay windows, open plan lounge and wooden floors. Great opportunity for first time buyers or investment property. Close to Seven Dials and Brighton mainline station."
Fox & Sons are delighted to offer for sale a one bedroom flat forming part of a purpose built block located on the corner of Buckingham Road and Dyke Road in the centre of the city.
"GUIDE PRICE £250,000 TO £275,000 Avard Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this 2 bedroom ground floor flat forming part of this period period building in this beautiful tree lined Road. Accommodation comprises of hallway, living room, kitchen, 2 bedrooms bathroom. Located in the..."
A top floor one bedroom apartment situated just off the seafront in the centre of Brighton's city centre.
"With glittering sea views over New Steine garden opposite and fashionable shops, bars and restaurants at the top of the square, this spacious one bedroom apartment ticks all the boxes! Spanning the second floor of a Grade II listed beauty, it has restful proportions and a handsome fireplace whils..."
"Being close to Seven Dials, its trendy cafes and boutique shops, this apartment is a great opportunity for first time buyers or those seeking an investment set for a good capital appreciation. Along with being in a perfect location for commuters with Brighton mainline train station very close by,..."
A delightful raised ground floor flat with generous garden which forms part of a substantial converted period property. The property has much character with high ceilings giving a real sense of space and light to the living areas and retains some of the original period features. Modern fitted kit...
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a two double bedroom second floor apartment in need of modernisation and refurbishment, sold with a remainder of 999 lease."
"A one double bedroom apartment situated within the Metropole Hilton hotel, moments away from the sea and Brighton's city centre."
"A LOVELY, BRIGHT & AIRY ONE BEDROOM FLAT situated on the ground floor of this converted PERIOD PROPERTY which is centrally located in this popular no-through road. Benefits include gas heating, GOOD SIZE LOUNGE and modern kitchen & white bathroom suite. Energy Rating: D66 Exclusive to Maslen Est..."
"Hunters Estate Agents - Fishponds Office are delighted to offer this charming 2 bedroom period home of character providing with desirable accommodation with many comforts, original features and a modern style. This desirable 2 bedroom bay fronted home occupies a sought-after backwater position cl..."
"An immaculate property set in about 14.8 acres of beautiful established gardens and grounds,
with separate office/ancillary accommodation, outbuildings and swimming pool, minutes from Bristol. Backwell House is a fine Grade II listed Georgian house dating back to 1813 and was built by Thomas Kee..."
Extended and renovated to an exceptional quality and exudes style and sophistication throughout. Separate annex with private access. (PHOTO NOT ACTUAL PROPERTY)
"A superb Victorian residence with Circa 5000 sq. ft of accommodation, seven bedrooms (five en-suite) and separate flat. South facing rear garden. Garage."
"A magical and important part of English history, Barrow Court is an exceptional masterpiece with glorious grounds, over 12,000 sq ft of accommodation, tremendous entertaining rooms and a number of more intimate spaces for family life. "
A beautifully refurbished Grade II Listed farmhouse with a range of outbuildings and stunning south westerly views across its gardens and grounds of approximately seven acres.
"An exceptional home in a prime Clifton location, close to Victoria Square. This attractive four storey home has been completely remodelled by the current owners and comprises five bedrooms, a stunning kitchen/ living space, converted basement, stylish bathrooms and a self-contained studi..."
"A distinctive 17th century Grade II former farmhouse with detached Grade II* 13th century former chapel, paddocks and small lake. Situated in park-like grounds with an impressive long approach. Lower Court is Grade II listed with part stone and part rendered elevations with tall leaded cross win..."
"Impressive and charming Grade II* listed country house with self-contained cottages, heated swimming pool, outbuildings, walled kitchen garden and paddock. Gatcombe Court is an attractive south-facing country house of historical note, which is situated in an elevated setting on the eastern outsk..."
An exciting opportunity with this hidden gem situated in Publow just 2.7 miles from Keynsham High Street and 1.5 miles from the A37. The property is set in approximately 1.3 acres of grounds with spectacular countryside views. There is currently an established and successful cattery business with...
Uninterrupted views over Durdham Downs with all the associated amenity.
"BEST AND FINAL OFFERS ARE INVITED BY MIDDAY ON WEDNESDAY 15TH MARCH - PLEASE CALL THE OFFICE FOR MORE DETAILS SHOULD YOU WISH TO TAKE PART IN THE PROCESS - An impressive four bedroom detached Georgian town home tucked away, enjoying a private and secluded setting within extensive level landscaped..."
A prime Grade II* listed townhouse situated in this highly regarded square
"Classic 'Stride' early 1930's detached family home, set in a generous plot of around one third of an acre in a highly desirable Stoke Bishop location. Stride houses are synonymous as the finest homes in the city. Typically enjoying generous plots and exceptional build quality with fantastic pe..."
"A stunning Grade II listed gabled farmhouse with spacious and light interiors, beautiful gardens and stunning views. The House Upton Farm sits proudly within 0.77 of an acre of stunning gardens, featuring a front entrance with a parking space and a charming pedestrian gate leading through a wal..."
"A beautifully presented six bedroom family house on a sought-after road in Sneyd Park offering a wealth of accommodation, excellent parking and landscaped terraced gardens."
"A superb Victorian five-bedroom terraced townhouse in a highly desirable location with off-street parking, front and rear gardens and no onward chain.  "
"An exceptional six bedroom detached period family home with sunny gardens, swimming pool and parking. The accommodation is arranged over two floors, which has been extended by the current vendors and is flexible and full of natural light and character. At the heart of the house, a warm and welco..."
An immaculate family home with sunny gardens and garage. 45 Apsley Road is a most impressive seven bed Georgian townhouse found in a desirable location. The accommodation is arranged over five floors and is both flexible and full of natural light with the potential for a self-contained apartment...
Dundas is an individual detached house which originally dates from 1936 and has been extended over the years to create a substantial residential property which has recently been refurbished internally and provides excellent and well proportioned accommodation refitted to a high standard. The hous...
"This fine detached Grade 2 listed, detached family home is exceptional. Offering seven generous bedrooms and set in an enviable gated plot with driveway sweeping to the garage to the side, the accommodation provides a wealth of character set over three storeys and enjoying views across the city."
*INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY* To acquire a FANTASTIC BUILDING AND PLOT situated in the heart of Bristol's vibrant City Centre location within easy reach are the extensive shopping facilities offered by Cabot Circus and Broadmead as well as all the independents of Stokes Croft and Gloucester Road.
A beautifully presented 20th century house in a private setting with extensive views towards the wooded slopes of Clevedon and beyond. Chelvey Batch is a small hamlet of individual houses just south west of Backwell set against a backdrop of Brockley Combe through which there are lovely walks. ...
" A significant 'Stride' built 1930's detached family home set in a generous plot of over quarter of an acre with circa 125 ft. level south west facing rear garden. To many, these are the ultimate suburban family homes in Bristol. This particular home retains many original features, yet also bene..."
An exquisite and charming Grade II listed house with far-reaching views.
"CJ Hole Brislington are proud bring to the sales market, this beautifully presented three bedroom Victorian terrace with off-street parking and private rear garden; in a prime Brislington location."
" Parks estate agents are delighted to offer for sale this lovely semi detached three bedroom home set in the popular cul de sac location of Thurstons Barton. With the stunning St Georges Park just a short stroll away and offering excellent access to Bristol City Centre, the cycle path and Chu..."
Hollis Morgan | this stunning period five bedroom townhouse enjoys an ideal Clifton Location on the popular Alma Road with all of Bristol's desirable amenities within close proximity.
A well proportioned and impressive five bedroom family home with sunny gardens and parking. Alma Road enjoys accommodation over four floors and has been enhanced and maintained throughout our vendors time of ownership. Each room enjoys a high degree of natural light and boasts an attractive out...
"An outstanding 1920's detached family house of immense character, with a huge rear garden, garage and large driveway, located in this highly desirable area near excellent local schools."
An exceptional four bedroom country house with great privacy and a quiet setting in beautiful countryside.
"A delightful former coach house which is beautifully presented, in a lovely setting with a tree lined approach and open views over adjoining farmland. Chantry House is situated in a lovely rural, although not isolated setting close to Bristol and is approached over a tree lined drive. There are..."
"A substantial Grade II listed family home with sunny gardens, garage and an attractive outlook. On the ground floor, a characterful, wide and welcoming entrance hall gives access to the principal reception rooms and kitchen. A dual aspect sitting room overlooks the front and side gardens, enjoyi..."
NO CHAIN - Situated in an elevated position and commanding superb views over Long Ashton and surrounding countryside this exclusive detached property is located in the highly regarded Miners Close development.
"An opportunity to purchase this stunning detached house set in Oatley Park, an exclusive development of sizeable family homes located in this quiet woodland setting."
"A handsome and bay fronted, 5 double bedroom, 3 reception room, Victorian period semi-detached family home of circa 2,700sq.ft., with well stocked front and rear gardens plus driveway parking. Excellent position only a few hundred metres from Whiteladies Road, convenient for the Downs and Clif..."
"Exceptional 1930's detached family home located on a sought after road in the popular village of Backwell, affording wonderful views across the village and farmland due to its elevated position. Since taking ownership, the current owners have updated the property to create a family home that is f..."
"Located in arguably one of the most sought after roads in Stoke Bishop, M Coleman are delighted to bring to the market an imposing four bedroom detached home commanding a prominent, elevated position on desirable Old Sneed Avenue. Offered For Sale with no onward chain, the extensive accommo..."
"A well presented detached single-storey dwelling, situated in a park like setting with an impressive approach. Located on the edge of the highly desirable village of Backwell, very close to Bristol. The property is situated in a lovely and hidden setting along Backwell Hill and although it is ru..."
"An exceptionally well-presented and inviting 5 bedroom (1 ensuite) modern detached family home situated in a leafy semi-rural location, yet within easy reach of Clifton Village. Offering gated off road parking for multiple vehicles, landscaped level gardens PLUS a garden annex/studio providing f..."
"An impressive and versatile semi detached home, located in a historic part of Bristol on the Cotham/Kingsdown border. Built circa 1850 this substantial period home is not listed, but retains much original character. The accommodation is spread over four floors, including a self-contained..."
"A brand new, stylish duplex later living apartment exclusively for people over 60. Reserve and move in to an apartment by 30th June 2023 to receive 50% off your rent for 6 months*."
"EXCEPTIONAL - A wonderfully positioned family home occupying a superbly convenient location to enjoy the best of rural living, yet within striking distance of Bristol and the upmarket suburbs of Clifton and Leigh Woods. EPC rating C."
A major portion of a wonderful Grade I listed Tudor mansion set in extensive private grounds of circa 1.27 acres.
An impressive Grade II Listed family home with generous garden and detached garage
"Boasting almost 230 sq.m/2475 sq.ft (Significantly higher than average on Henleaze Avenue). Filled with character throughout is this natural three-story, five double bedroom, family home. Offering a welcoming spacious vestibule with triple aspect, including stained glass and leaded light wi..."
"A delightful four bedroom detached family home offering light and spacious accommodation with potential to extend set in a rural location. The property is partnered with a neighbouring two bedroom detached bungalow, manage, enclosed land, stables, large garage/workshop and outbuildings."
A beautifully presented three bedroom apartment within a Georgian conversion with parking and communal gardens. Sold with no onward chain Badminton House occupies a prominent position at the end of popular Worcester Terrace in the heart of Clifton Village. This outstanding Georgian Grade II list...
A substantial and flexible Grade II Listed family home with a large south facing garden
A most elegant and particularly light four/five bedroom Georgian town house forming part of this handsome terrace in a highly regarded residential location. This charming Grade II Listed house underwent a comprehensive refurbishment in 2006 resulting in a rarely found balance of historic characte...
Ocean are delighted to offer this Detached Home in the hugely popular Druid Road in the heart of Stoke Bishop.
TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS!! BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED!! PARKING FOR TWO CARS!! FANTASTIC REAR GARDEN!! CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES!! Blue Sky are thrilled to offer for sale this well presented two bedroom home located on the ever popular road of Forde Close in Barrs Court. The property is ideally located to l...
"OFFERS ARE INVITED BETWEEN £950,000 & £1,100,000. A four/five bedroom mews house with accommodation arranged over three floors, car parking, a roof terrace situated in an exclusive residential backwater within Clifton. Harley Mews is a private road nestled directly behind the much coveted, Grade ..."
"With a green and open outlook over St Andrews park - a substantial and well-proportioned 5 double bedroom, 2 reception plus study and large kitchen/dining room late Victorian period semi-detached family house with the benefit of driveway parking and a generous level rear garden with a westerly as..."
"A stunning and well proportioned maisonette (2,505 sq ft) situated in Clifton's sought after Canynge Square, offering a quiet residential location surrounded by some stunning period architecture, within easy walking distance of the many amenities of Clifton Village and the Downs. The s..."
Beautiful setting within the lye of the parish church.
"""We have been living here on Falcondale Road since April 2006 when we fully refurbished the house with a new kitchen and utility room, and the lounge was extended. While we have been here we have loved the quietness of the area, even though the road can be busy at times the house being set ..."
"A most attractive six bedroom Grade II listed Georgian family house, arranged over five floors, of some 3,150 square feet situated in a popular residential location above Bristol’s harbourside, and within easy walking distance of Clifton Village, and the Clifton Triangle. The property has served ..."
"An impressive and spacious (circa 1911 Sq.Ft,), 5 bedroom, 2 reception, period family house, located on a popular, neighbourly and tree-lined road in the heart of Henleaze, with the advantage of a beautiful south westerly facing rear garden. The generously proportioned interior offers a..."
"A fabulous opportunity to acquire a superb and recently renovated Clifton townhouse in a desirable position. As well as, and by seperate negotiation, a private garage and off-street parking bay."
"An exciting opportunity to renovate a grade II listed double fronted late Georgian town house on Kingsdown Parade, with the added benefits of a single garage, some stunning outlooks over Bristol and beyond, a particularly well proportioned private garden, with a southerly aspect, and a quiet loca..."
INVESTORS ONLY. Cliftons and Butlers are thrilled to offer to the market 5 x apartments in Montpellier Court. (3 x 2 beds and 2 x 1 beds). All the apartments are currently let out on AST agreements and are generating £47500 pa in rental income. The apartments are situated wi...
"A substantial Victorian semi detached property, located along a desirable tree lined road in West Bishopston. Currently arranged as three separate apartments, but could be changed back into one dwelling - making a fantastic family home."
 Tucked away behind the unassuming original Victorian Coach House façade the house was refurbished and converted into a stand alone dwelling approximately 20 years ago by a renowned local builder for his own use. As such it has a great design and is effectively an upside-down house arrange...
Brought to the market as an ongoing investment is this collection of one and two bed apartments.
"GUIDE PRICE RANGE £999,950- £1,050,000 An exquisite 4 double bedroom (1 en-suite), 2 reception room harbourside home in a water fronting location with outstanding views and stylish accommodation. Further benefiting from a south facing garden, a balcony/roof terrace and the rare adv..."
"The Vincent | Set in Bristol's popular Redland district, a stunning collection of independent, later living apartments with exceptional amenities including a communal lounge, restaurant and wellness centre. Apartment 34 provides stunning views across The Vincent Grounds and the surrounding area."
"Plot 28 - NEW RELEASE! The Haw Wood, a unique collection of just 30 contemporary, ECO-EFFICIENT properties, in a woodland setting. With a stunning full height atrium and spacious open plan living. Homes will be SAP rated A, net zero energy efficiency. ALREADY OVER 45% RESERVED. Showhome coming soon"
"A handsome and well-proportioned 5 double bedroom (2 with en suite), 2/3 reception room period family home enjoying a wonderful 70ft x 31ft south facing garden, off road parking and a garage. A great location on the borders of Westbury Park and Henleaze and therefore nearby the amenities and i..."
"A unique opportunity to own one house that has been split into three separate spaces that are well presented and all boast breath taking views of the City of Bristol. The property comes with ample parking, a single garage and land of approx. 1.2 acres."
"SUPERB VIEWS - Greenmeadow has been completely transformed by the current owners making this a highly deceptive property with plenty of surprises including four double bedrooms, stunning rear gardens and grounds of approximately 10 Acres. EPC rating D."
"The Lime is a fantastic five bedroom detached home with breath taking presence and style. There is an abundance of living spaces such as separate dining room, sitting room and study. The kitchen/family room is a real treat offering plenty of entertainment space. There are five bedrooms..."
The Lime is a fantastic five bedroom detached home with breath taking presence and style.
A fabulous four-bedroom family house on a sought-after road within the catchment area for both Westbury Park Primary School and Redland Green Secondary School. 
"This superb four bedroom home is located in a small enclave on the crest of the hill looking over Westbury toward Durdham Downs in the distance. The sizable and 'rare to market' offering is presented to the highest standard and offers privacy, space, wonderful gardens plus driveway & double garage."
"Development site of approximately 310 sqm (3,340 sqft) currently occupied by a former workshop with enclosed yard, previously used for car valeting although offered for sale with vacant possession. The site offers significantly potential for residential development subject to obtaining ..."
"***** NEWLY REFURBISHED HOME ***** We are delighted to bring to market this well presented 1960's style end of terrace property, comprising entrance hall, open plan lounge/diner with lots of light throughout and kitchen to the rear. Upstairs you will find three bedrooms and a sh..."
"PRICE GUIDE RANGE: £950,000 - £975,000 An attractive Victorian semi-detached three-storey home circa 1870 situated within the heart of St Andrews, sympathetically renovated by the current owners giving it a contemporary and unique character which maximises the original features of th..."
"A double-fronted office/shop (181 sq.m.), prominent high street position. Two seperate flats included to first floor (145 s.q.m). Private parking. Ideal investment. Vacant possession on completion."
"We are delighted to offer an exciting and very rare opportunity to acquire a newly built detached four bedroom bungalow with it's own paddock in a quiet position, away from the road, in the ever popular BS8 village of Abbots Leigh. Finished towards the end of 2022 to a high contemporary spec, off..."
NO CHAIN - This beautifully presented four bedroom semi detached family home is situated in a superb location just off Henleaze Road. 
"A delightful cottage located within the rural hamlet of Chewton Keynsham that enjoys breath taking countryside views whilst remaining in reach of nearby amenities. Wood Cottage offers flexible living accommodation along with 2 generously sized single garages, off street parking for numerous vehi..."
"""We have loved every moment in this house, the location couldn’t be better, sitting in the private yard when the wisteria and roses are out in the summer is one of the most calming feelings I have ever experienced. Plus immediate access to the park where the council kindly does the gardening. All..."
"Sold with a complete chain - This impressive late Victorian circa 1890 semi-detached home is situated in the heart of Bishopston, close to the independent shops, cafés and restaurants lining the popular Gloucester Road, the Gloucestershire County Cricket Ground, St Andrews Park and is within clos..."
"A spacious (over 1,900 sq. ft.) and welcoming 5 bedroom 1930's semi-detached family home enjoying a spectacular extended 29ft x 20ft kitchen/dining/living space, a 63ft x 28ft south facing rear garden and off street parking. Popular location close to the shops and amenities of Stoke Lane, also..."
This delightful four bedroom detached family home is presented to the market in immaculate condition with no onward chain. The property is ideally situated within a central Backwell location on the highly regarded Dark Lane with a generous rear garden that backs onto fields. This house has been...
"***GUIDE PRICE £900,000 - £940,000*** Vendor's comments: ""We have enjoyed living in this street for nearly 19 years in the company of friendly and supportive neighbours. It has been ideal for us in terms of its size and location. Having seen our children through local scho..."
An exquisite and charming Grade II listed house in this vibrant part of the city.
"A hugely impressive, airy and light 5/6 bedroom, detached family home set in an award-winning development ‘The Grange’ by Bovis Homes surrounded by farmland and semi-ancient woodland. It is one of 11 high quality detached houses, arranged around a communal green in about 5-acre grounds of the for..."
A substantial detached home which is beautifully presented throughout to an excellent standard. This five bedroom property offers fantastic space throughout including an open plan kitchen/dining room with bi-folding doors leading out to a superb rear garden with a flexible summer house currently ...
"A stylish and beautiful home with a south west facing garden, in the Redland Green APR. Having been carefully and thoughtfully renovated by the current owners, the interior perfectly balances period character with modern living. The accommodation on the ground floor comprises a classical..."
A wonderful opportunity for multi-generational living on the cusp of the city.
"NO CHAIN - This well presented, spacious property is situated in a superb position with beautiful southerly views across to Dundry and surrounding countryside. "
A fabulous family home in an enviable location with far reaching views complete with a circa 90' private rear garden and reserved parking on a private lane.
"A beautiful large 4 bedroom detached home. Stunning L-shaped Kitchen, dining, and family area with bi-fold doors leading to the garden. A separate utility room offers the perfect additional space for the busiest families. The separate sitting room offers a box bay window, letting light..."
"A stunning three bedroom harbourside penthouse with rooftop garden, balcony and garage. Sold with no onward chain. From a wide and welcoming entrance hall, there is a stunning and spacious open plan sitting room and dining room. This generous footprint offers ample space to entertain or simply t..."
"OFFERS ARE INVITED BETWEEN £850,000 AND £875,000 - A Beautifully presented, detached five bed family home on a private gated development in the desirable leafy suburb of Stoke Bishop. Extensively improved by the current owners. and offering open plan contemporary family living as well as a quiet ..."
A rare opportunity to be able to purchase this unique home located in the popular and desirable suburb of Knowle. The property is arranged as two separate units with the two bedroom garden flat currently being rented out. The current owners occupy the upper floor maisonette which offers sizable a...
"A handsome 6 bedroom, 2 reception room, 2 bathroom Edwardian family house with landscaped rear garden. Positioned in a quiet tree-lined side street on the Redland/Bishopston borders. The accommodation is bright with large square bay windows, high ceilings and attractive period features. N..."
An impressive Victorian family home located on Belvoir Road within the heart of St Andrews. Occupying a commanding position with far reaching views to the south of the city and located just a stone’s throw from St Andrews Park. This semi-detached property is spread across three floors and offers ...
"Boasting stunning, panoramic, views is the substantial, four double bedroom, semi-detached home with a garden measuring over 30m."
"An attractive Redrow built executive detached property situated in a popular location within Barrs Court, the accommodation comprises of entrance hallway, downstairs cloakroom/wc,lounge,dining room and kitchen To the first floor are four bedrooms with en suite to master and bathroom."
A unique opportunity to acquire this deceptively spacious detached bungalow with Annexe attached to the side. The versatile accommodation would suit a growing family and also the ability to provide independent living in the Annexe if required. The spacious accommodation comprises; great hall/di...
"A wonderful opportunity to acquire a fine residence situated on the highly regarded Grove Road; nestled on the fringes of Coombe Dingle. This four bedroom detached family home is finished to a high standard throughout with further benefits including an attractive south west facing rear garden, st..."
"A beautifully proportioned, four-bedroom family home offered with no onward chain. This impressive late Victorian circa 1900 semi-detached home is situated on the border of St Andrews and Bishopston, close to the independent shops, cafés and restaurants lining the popular Gloucester Road..."
"This beautiful modern property situated in the popular Theynes Croft development is close to both Northleaze and Birdwell primary schools, just a short walk along the festival way cycle path. Ideal for the growing or multi-generational family, this large executive home is also close to all the lo..."
"A beautiful large 4 bedroom detached home. Stunning L-shaped Kitchen, dining, and family area with bi-fold doors leading to the garden. A separate utility room offers the perfect additional space for the busiest families. The separate sitting room offers a box bay window, letting ligh..."
"CASH BUYERS ONLY Ground Floor - Front door opens into the entrance hall. Entrance Hall - Original panelled wall and floorboards. Coved ceiling, sky light above front door, staircase with original banister to the upper floor accommodation, door opens to staircase leading down..."
"-- Guide Price £850,000 - £875,000 -- This stunning family home offers buyer's catchment into Westbury Park Junior School and Redland Green School and has been tastefully redesigned and extended to present modern, cosy spaces, offering approximately one hundred and thirty five s..."
"Located on a quiet family road within St Andrews is this stylish and individual mid terrace, five double bedroom Victorian home. This property has a real sense of quality and has been tastefully finished throughout. Key features include a host of retained period features, open plan reception room..."
"Enjoying grandstand harbourside views: an elegant, immaculately presented and thoroughly renovated, 3/4 double bedroom, 2/3 reception room, Georgian period grade II listed townhouse having semi open-plan kitchen/breakfast/living room and 58ft south facing rear garden. Set on a tree-lined cobb..."
"""We have lived at Linden Road for the past 6 years. It's a wonderful family home with fantastic local schools, shops and pubs, the Westbury Tavern and Little Shop and Pantry just moments away. Linden Road is the perfect location, the Downs are within walking distance, along with Redland Green a..."
"Kew Cottage is a beautiful home located on Durley Hill, 4 miles from the city centre of Bristol. The house has been subtilty modernized and is surrounded by picturesque countryside. Bought by its present owner in the 1980s, the cottage has undergone renovations and multiple extensions, that ha..."
"A delightfully presented 3 bedroom detached property, set within beautiful landscaped gardens, and benefiting from an integral double garage and gated off-street parking. Built in 1971, the generously proportioned living space (2,049 sq. ft) offers a noticeably light and airy feeling and has been..."
"A highly individual & detached family home located in an elevated position, enjoying a generous south-facing garden with southerly views "
"Located on The Newlands and forming part of the picturesque village of Frenchay sits Chine Ridge, a detached residence occupying an idyllic position in the cul-de-sac with the Frome Valley as its backdrop."
"A truly unique opportunity to purchase the entire freehold of 2 Chandos Road which contains a stunning, four-bedroom maisonette above a spacious, split level commercial unit with private rear garden, all offered to the market with no onward chain. "
Set in a generous and mature detached plot is this five bedroom contemporary family home. The main body of the house is arranged over the ground and first floor with a large master suite on the third floor. The home is well proportioned and has natural light throughout. Internally on ...
"Plot 30 - LAST CHANCE TO PERSONALISE*. The Haw Wood, a unique collection of just 30 contemporary, ECO-EFFICIENT properties, in a woodland setting. Stunning full height atrium and spacious open plan living. Homes will be SAP rated A, net zero energy efficiency. OVER 45% ALREADY RESERVED!"
"""Briery Brake has been a fantastic family home for nearly twenty two years. The house and garden have provided brilliant areas for entertaining and for larger family gatherings. We will take with us some great memories. The area is really quiet and very convenient to travel to Bristol regularly. ..."
"Located in the ever popular The Newlands, Frenchay sits this immaculately presented with open-plan living, four bedroom detached family home."
"Plot 18 - NEW RELEASE. The Haw Wood by Autograph Homes, is a unique collection of contemporary, ECO-EFFICIENT properties, in a woodland setting. Stunning full height atriums and spacious open plan living. Homes will be SAP rated A, net zero energy efficiency. SHOWHOME COMING SOON!"
"Coronation Road is a highly sought after location in Southville, situated within easy reach of Dame Emily Park and Southville Primary School and is ideally situated for access to North Street and Wapping Wharf, making the area popular for a wide range of buyers. There is also easy access to Brist..."
"'Villa Rossa' is a unique bungalow with a distinctly Mediterranean feel set in the heart of Long Ashton. The flexible accommodation is over 2700 sq feet, and comprises of a large bungalow and a lower level function room with a plethora of potential uses. A large dual aspec..."
A beautifully renovated and presented double fronted Georgian cottage with a c100ft garden located in the historic part of Long Ashton village 
"An absolutely gorgeous detached lodge, most probably the oldest inhabited building in Henleaze, nestling in attractive gardens within a short, level walk of shops (including Waitrose) and the open space of Durdham Downs."
"Tucked away at the end of Briavels Grove is this impressive five-bedroom detached family home with a large open-plan kitchen diner, a wrap-around garden, driveway, double garage and dual garden offices. Accommodation comprises, an entrance hallway with a utility room and a downstairs lo..."
"A spacious four double bedroomed halls adjoining semi detached home with west facing garden and garage, having great level access to excellent local schools, shops, cafes and restaurants on North View and Henleaze Road as well as being just a short walk from the large open space of Durdham Down. ..."
"The Bourton is a fantastic 4-bedroom family home. Downstairs consists of a separate sitting room with a beautiful bay window allowing light to flood in. Across the hallway is a dining room, which has a set of double doors to the open plan family area and kitchen, with bi-folding doors ..."
A Grade II* listed Georgian property in this beautiful city square offered for sale with residential planning permission to create a 4 bedroom town house
"GUIDE PRICE RANGE: £800,000 - £825,000 An incredibly smart and spacious (circa 1848 sq. ft.), 4 double bedroom (1 with en suite) extended 1930's family home situated on a peaceful cul-de-sac and enjoying a spectacular 100ft level rear garden and off road parking for 3 cars. Leaf..."
"A golden opportunity has arisen to acquire this substantial detached bungalow offering in excess of 2,000 sq ft of accommodation, separate detached one bedroom annexe, detached double garage and huge potential for reconfiguring the existing accommodation to the main bungalow. Offered to ..."
"Off the beaten track and located in a quiet cul-de-sac – a three bedroom, 2 bath/shower room, two storey mews house with a sunny, south westerly facing courtyard garden, an integral garage and an allocated parking space. Well-presented accommodation with modern kitchen and bathroom – a spaciou..."
"A beautifully presented executive home, offering generous family living and a superb location within a short walk from the pretty village of Flax Bourton and local CoE Primary School"
"Superb penthouse apartment with some of bristols best views. Underground parking, circa 1100 sq. ft. with a wrap around balcony. Perfect for alfresco dining in the summer."
"A superb, five-bedroom house perfectly located in the Redland Green catchment area, found in superb condition, and benefitting from a private garden and double garage."
Holbrook Moran are delighted to bring to market this substantial four storey Victorian property currently arranged as two spacious apartments (1 x 7-bedroom apartment & 1 x 4-bedroom apartment). The property has been tenanted over recent years and would now benefit from refurbishment. 
Chappell and Matthews are delighted to bring to the market this stunning and truly individual property- a fantastic opportunity for those looking for a spacious home with extensive gardens and period features in a popular and central location. THE PROPERTY This Grade II listed ea...
"An extremely impressive four bedroom double-fronted Victorian home, with a superb private garden perfect for entertaining and off-street parking"
"Far reaching Bristol views from the rear of this modern townhouse in this Georgian street. Close to major employers which include BBC, BRI and Bristol University. The end terrace accommodation includes a study for home working and kitchen/diner leading onto attractive gardens."
A generous and impressive semi detached home located between St Andrews Park and Gloucester Road.
"Approximately 87.18 acres (35.27ha) of permanent pasture land, arranged in four field parcels."
"A modern (built circa 2010) and contemporary, 5 bedroom detached family home with well presented accommodation, located (approx.) 0.77km from Redland Green School. Off street parking, garage style storage, wrap around secure gardens. The spacious accommodation is arranged over three floo..."
A stunning and beautifully refurbished duplex apartment with allocated off-street parking and fabulous far-reaching views on one of Clifton's most exclusive Georgian crescents. 
"An exceptional 2 bedroom harbourside duplex with water views, private balcony and parking.
Sold with no onward chain. Capricorn Place is a stunning and light filled duplex apartment, with a strong emphasis on its waterfront views and natural light. A particular feature is the open plan sitting r..."
"A well presented three storey home on tree lined Nottingham Road, with two off road parking spaces. The accommodation comprises a living room with a bay window with ceiling coving, picture rail and a gas fireplace. The adjacent second reception also has a gas fireplace, ceiling coving, a..."
"The character of this 1930s semi is amazing, featuring a beautiful panelled entrance hall, original stained-glass and an overall sense of ... loveliness! It's a spacious house, too, with high ceilings and large rooms, together a secluded west-facing garden of good size.."
A RARE OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE ONE OF TWO UNIQUE EXECUTIVE-STYLE MODERN FAMILY HOMES. OFFERED TO THE MARKET IS THIS SUBSTANTIAL FIVE/SIX-BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY. NO ONWARD CHAIN
No Onward Chain - This superb four bedroom detached home is situated in a sought after cul-de-sac location that lies just a short walk from the highly regarded Northleaze Primary School.
A charming Grade ll* listed town house requiring some general updating in this vibrant part of the city.
"This three bedroom Victorian terrace arranged over 3 floors in the heart of Totterdown over looking Victoria Park. Offered with no onward chain, this one is good to go!"
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a substantial ground and lower ground floor three/four bedroom maisonette in Beaufort Road, Clifton, with private front and rear gardens and the possibility of off street parking subject to planning permission. The property which is in need of a full refurbishm..."
"A unique and spacious (2121.80 Sq. Ft. Approx.) ‘chalet style’ 5 bedroom, detached bungalow with incredibly versatile accommodation that enjoys a quiet, tucked away position at the end of a private road, just off Henleaze High Street. This wonderful home offers vast potential to the incoming buye..."
"This truly magnificent two bedroom apartment is positioned on the second floor in Regent House, and part of the Directors’ Suite collection boasting large open plan living spaces."
"Rare opportunity central to Bristol, minutes from M Shed and Arnolfini, main shopping centre, pubs, restaurants and parks. Walking distance to Temple Meads. Merchants Landing estate is a quiet site with the advantage of having facilities literally around the corner. Current owners say ‘Hav..."
"An exceptional 3 bedroom apartment found in a much sought after waterfront location. NO ONWARD CHAIN. NO ONWARD CHAIN.
One particular feature of this generous apartment is the bay fronted kitchen dining/sitting room. Boasting a south orientation, this light filled room enjoys a generous footprin..."
"Generous size plot, amazing potential and location are the three determining factors for viewing this four double bedroom, detached family home ready for immdediate occupation and no onward chain. This classic modern style house has parking for at least three/four cars, a lawned front garden with..."
"The Ashton is a beautiful detached 4-bedroom home. The large kitchen, dining, and family area runs the entire width of the home with bi-fold doors leading to the garden. The separate living room is placed at the front of the home with a stunning box bay window allowing light to flood ..."
"Well presented four bedroom detached family home located on the highly desirable Farleigh Green development with beautiful south facing garden, double garage and off street parking. Offered with No onward Chain"
"Owned by the same family for over 60 years, is this 1930’s, semi-detached, home boasting many original features and offering vast potential."
"A unique detached bungalow situated in 'Easter Compton' occupying an impressive plot and gardens. Tucked at the end of Church Road, the property is accessible by a private drive with views of the fields and further views of the Prince of Wales bridge."
"A beautifully presented and stylishly extended Edwardian family home, set in this highly regarded cul de sac just off Coombe Lane. Boasting in excess of 1800 sq. feet of accommodation and benefitting from a wonderful level family friendly rear garden, attached garage and driveway parking. "
A delightful barn conversion offering light and spacious accommodation with potential to extend set in a rural location close to the villages of Chew Magna and Winford. The property includes extensive gardens and land extending to approximately 10.5 acres in total.
"This individual 1930's built detached house has been sympathetically extended to provide superb family accommodation, beautifully presented throughout having recently been redecorated with new carpet fitted on the first floor. The property is truly ready to move into. Presently, the acco..."
"GetAnOffer are offering this property FOR SALE BY PUBLIC AUCTION we encourage online BIDDING, Please contact our office for more details today. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property for sale: Terrace Property Currently split into 4 Apartments (one already sold off on a Lease) Flats..."
"A handsome Edwardian, semi-detached house on this prime street in Bishopston, making a wonderful family home boasting off-street parking, rear garden and a wonderful blend of period features and modern convenience. There is under-floor heating, wood burners installed 2013."
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED - Mendip View is an impressive home of large proportions set in a tranquil position on the edge of Dundry village. Five double bedrooms and a large detached garage, this spacious home should be viewed to really appreciate the full scale and quality of this much loved home. ..."
"Vendor Comment ‘We love our house - and you will too! We have enjoyed 20 years here and are reluctantly having to downsize, but we will not be moving far! The house will sell itself, it is cosy, but open plan and very sociable. We have had many dinner parties, and everyone loves sitting in ..."
A spacious and immaculately presented Victorian family home located on one of Bishopston's most popular roads. This imposing property has been meticulously renovated and extended by its current owners and now offers in excess of 1850 sq ft of living space. Key features include five bedro...
"Guide price of £760,000 - £800,000 for this period home in the heart of Shirehampton village accessed via electric gates and private drive."
An extended Detached Family home located at the end of a private driveway on Common Mead Lane in Hambrook. The property still has masses of potential for someone to make their forever home.
A newly built 4 bedroom detached family home on Benville Avenue in Coombe Dingle finished to a high standard. With no onward chain and a 10 year AHCI warranty this home is rare to find in this sought after location whilst offering high energy efficiency and including solar panels. This f...
"A stunning five bedroom, three bathroom, modern executive home with one bedroom annex in the heart of Frampton Cotterell"
"Set in a stunning central location in a quiet cul-de-sac near to Brandon Hill and Park Street; a quintessentially charming Georgian period grade II listed townhouse offering 3/4 double bedroom, 2 bath/shower room accommodation plus an exquisite walled garden. The house has undergone an extensi..."
"Andrews are pleased to welcome to the market this unique converted five-bedroom property. This spacious Victorian home is in the heart of Southville and comprises of; an entrance hall, lounge, dining room with double doors out to the garden space, along with a separate kitchen with a great a..."
"An attractive detached home situated on the ever popular road 'The Worthys' positioned beautifully within the road. The location is desirable as you can find many local amenities such as the main hub of Bradley Stoke 'The Willow Brook Centre', shops, Bailey's Court in close walking distance, leis..."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire this deceptively spacious four/five bedroom detached family home situated in the popular Easton-in-Gordano. The property is approached via a secure gated entrance leading to the front door. There is flexible accommodation and great potential throughout allowing ...
"A rare opportunity to purchase this beautifully proportioned, four bedroom semi-detached family home located in the popular St Andrews area. This impressive semi-detached home is situated on the highly regarded Hurlingham Road in St Andrews, with magnificent views over the City of Bristo..."
"An outstanding period residence situated in a lovely riverside position, offering a rare opportunity to acquire a stunning and unique home in a fantastic location. A complete one-off that needs to be viewed to be fully appreciated, offering an abundance of space in an idyllic setting. The p..."
"A substantial more individual detached 4 – 5 bedroom family home offering attractive 4 reception room accommodation, a superb open plan kitchen diner – family room with a range of bespoke fittings and bi-fold doors opening to the remarkable, private south and west facing gardens of excellent size..."
"**A STUNNING DETACHED BUNGALOW** with a separate ANNEX Boasting 4 BEDROOMS (ALL WITH EN-SUITES) to the main property and a DOUBLE BEDROOM WITH ENSUITE in the ANNEX. Multiple RECEPTION ROOMS and ROOF GARDEN, and AMAZING KITCHEN(S) to be seen! YOU MUST SEE THIS PROPERTY!"
"A unique south-facing, three bedroom apartment located in Marshall Place. The main bedroom benefits from a walk-in wardrobe, Juliet balcony and en suite shower room."
A picturesque waterfront property offering an abundance of space in a key harbourside location. 
"An exceptional and spacious semi-detached home offering 2272 sqft of accommodation over three floors. This unique property is double fronted and briefly comprises; two reception rooms, open plan kitchen dining and snug room, four double bedrooms, two shower en-suites, a family bathroom, and off r..."
"While being close to Ashton Court Estate with its acres of open space, Bristol City Centre including the Harbourside are only a short distance away. This property gives you the joy of living in the country while the City is easily accessible."
"A very spacious three-bedroom ""detached"" ground-floor flat, set within yards of Bristol's iconic Durdham Downs, Waitrose and other shops and amenities. Feels much more like a detached bungalow than a flat!"
"This impressive 1930's former police house and station is set in approx.1/4 of an acre and offers spacious, flexible accommodation. The annex adjoins the main house and would be perfect for a business or dependent relative. The house has three receptions, conservatory, four double bedrooms, offi..."
"A very well presented detached 4 bedroom, 2 bathroom family home that offers attractive reception rooms together with an open plan kitchen diner and an exceptional conservatory. The position is a delight set well away from any through traffic at the head of an always sought after cul de sac that ..."
"Three bedroom, semi-detached family home within quiet cul-de-sac, with ample off street parking and private rear garden. "
"Tucked away at the top of a cul-de-sac, this 4 bedroom family home also has a studio apartment on the ground floor, which is currently rented out."
"""My daughters and I have enjoyed our ten years here at Sefton Park! It is a lovely road with wonderful and kind neighbours. We feel very fortunate to have been close to St Andrews Park where we have spent many summers having picnics, picking up bits to eat from the independent shops of Gloucester..."
"A fantastic investment opportunity to acquire a block of five buy to let apartments in this recently developed building close to the railway station within the heart of Avonmouth. Currently achieving a gross yearly rental of nearly £50,000 per annum, this is a great opportunity for buy to let lan..."
"One of the most popular roads in Whitchurch...the Wells Road! This six-bedroom detached home has recently been fully renovated throughout and been given a whole new look. With its spacious design, modern colours and large garden this is a property not to be missed! Brilliant location for local sc..."
"""Over the last thirteen years, we have had the best family times in this amazing house! It's a great spot with the best views in Bristol. We love waking up every morning looking out over the city and down through the valley towards North Somerset. We took a house with potential in 2009 and have c..."
"A beautifully presented four bedroom family home with gardens, parking and a garage. Sold with no onward chain The accommodation at Old Sneed Cottages is arranged over three floors. From a welcoming entrance hall, an open plan dining and sitting room create the perfect place to entertain, boasti..."
"An elegant and characterful, Edwardian, semi-detached, natural four bedroom home that overlooks Canford Park, and is within easy walking distance of the shops and amenities of Westbury-on-Trym village."
NO CHAIN - This deceptively large family house boasts lovely southerly viewings in a elevation position and situated in the popular Theynes Croft development in Long Ashton. 
"A beautifully presented, 1920’s, semi-detached, family home boasting a stylish extended kitchen/diner with access onto a delightful rear garden which overlooks Henbury Golf Course."
A beautiful link detached home in the equally beautiful & sought after Royal Victoria Park.
"A substantial investment property situated in a highly-convenient location on Filton Avenue. Arranged as six spacious self-contained one bedroom flats, the building is currently fully let producing approximately £46,980pa however we would anticipate an annual return of circa £55,200 once all of t..."
This substantially extended 4 bedroom semi detached family home is located at the start of a cul de sac and is chain free.
Positioned with a wonderful outlook set at the end of a cul-de-sac on Brookside Drive sits this unique five bedroom detached property. Located on the door step of the Frome Valley Walkway and within catchment of Ofsted Outstanding Watermore Primary School & Ofsted Good Frampton Cotterell CoE.
"Presented to an exemplary standard, offering spacious accommodation over two floors, is this attractive, detached residence. Positioned within a private, cul-de-sac, 'Little Orchard Close' was constructed only two years ago and is perfectly placed in-between Bath & Bristol, offering beautiful cou..."
"A modern townhouse with garaging, garden and roof terrace"
"A spacious and quirky Detached Cotswold Stone Chalet bungalow on a corner plot on the popular Riverwood estate in Frenchay, providing great access to the Ring Road and Motorway. This property still has plenty of potential for the right person and offers versatile accommodation."
"Conveniently located offering good access to Westbury-On-Trym village shops, amenities and M4/M5 motorway networks is this significantly extended four-bedroom semi-detached family home. The ground floor accommodation comprises welcoming hallway, two individual reception rooms, L-shaped kitchen di..."
"A truly one of a kind property occupying a secluded plot of land benefiting from uninterrupted green views. Just some of this property's highlights include its end of cul-de-sac location, four bedrooms, a huge garden, vast living space and plenty of off street parking."
"FIVE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME SET IN THE HEART OF EMERSONS GREEN! DOUBLE GARAGE AND PLENTIFUL PARKING, LOUNGE, STUDY, DINING ROOM, KITCHEN, UTILITY, DOWNSTAIRS GUEST CLOAK, CONSERVATORY, BATHROOM AND SHOWER ROOM, GARDEN."
"A fantastic opportunity to view this detached executive home on the popular Briggs Road in Frenchay Gardens. Built by Redrow homes to their Canterbury design, this family friendly home takes popular design ques from the arts and crafts movement to create a home that blends popular traditional aes..."
"A fabulous opportunity to view this substantial, detached chalet bungalow on the popular Elliott Avenue, forming part of the prestigious Riverwood Estate, Frenchay."
"Situated in a highly convenient location on the Wellsway side of town and in close proximity to the town centre amenities, Waitrose supermarket, public transport links and Wellsway secondary school, this bath stone fronted five bedroom detached home presents spacious accommodation well suited to..."
This charming townhouse is located on one of Clifton's most desirable streets offering very well presented accommodation over three floors with garden AND parking.
A substantial executive FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME that is well presented throughout to a very high standard and well situated in what is arguably one of the most sought after roads in Bradley Stoke. PERFECT FOR FAMILIES this property is incredibly spacious and close to all the local amenities in...
"The Windsor is a sizeable family home with five double bedrooms, two bathrooms, study, separate utility room and substantial living spaces. The open plan kitchen, dining and family room features French doors which open out into the rear garden. Bay windows provide elegance, interest a..."
"A substantial, detached house, with five bedrooms, three floors, three bath/shower-rooms, kitchen/diner, utility room, wrap-around garden, driveway large enough to park up to three cars, plus a large (35 ft.) tandem garage! This fabulous family home is sure to tick all the boxes for many buyers.<..."
"A spacious and superbly located five bedroom semi detached bungalow with a wonderful walled rear garden, ample driveway parking and detached garage. Located in a highly regarded road, the quiet central Henleaze position is sure to attract those seeking a good sized and easy maintenance h..."
CJ Hole are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom family home located in Bower Ashton with NO ONWARDS CHAIN.
The 4-bedroom Thornford is a large double fronted family home with generous size bedrooms for those seeking the perfect home
"Boasting many original features is this 1920’s, substantial, detached, bungalow in a highly sought after location and marketed with no onward chain."
"A spacious and stylish 4 bedroom Victorian period family house located within 750m of Redland Green School and with a side return extended kitchen/dining room, loft conversion with bedroom /shower and a level lawned garden. Set in one of Bishopston's most favoured side roads - away from passin..."
"Full description in the owner’s words: Hyper-Personalized for unique and special individuals who appreciate creative celebration, God, culture oneness and uniqueness. Probably Bristol’s most unique home. An incredible property of approximately 158sqm (Average size of a 5-be..."
"FINAL PLOT REMAINING IN THIS EXCLUSIVE NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT, nestled within a cul-de-sac setting in the heart of Brislington that offers fantastic access in and around the city with bus routes on its doorstep into Bristol City Centre as well as being a short walk from Bristol Temple Meads Train ..."
Down a quiet residential lane on the fringes of the Frome Valley in Frenchay can be found this four-bed detached family home that is sure to get the attention of buyers wanting light and spacious living accommodation in beautiful leafy surroundings.
BESPOKE FEATURES - A wonderfully unique detached farmhouse style cottage offering four double bedrooms along with an additional two bedrooms within an attached self-contained annexe. EPC rating E.
A superb waterfront apartment with arguably the best views in Bristol.
"Hopewell are delighted to offer to the market, this modern 4 Bedroom renovated Family Home. Situated within the leafy suburbs of Westbury-On-Trym and with easy access to schools, amenities and good transport links. This modern house has lots to offer from open plan living, to four ge..."
COMING SOON - Herons Lea is a striking development of 4 and 5 bedroom detached homes with well thought out spaces designed with family living in mind set in a village location.
"A superb period terrace house in popular Clifton Wood; with versatile accommodation over 4 floors, a current HMO License and opportunity to adapt to a new owner's needs. "
A turn-key period cottage in the heart of Redland with an enclosed south facing garden. 
"Beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home located in a tucked away cul-de-sac on popular development with fantastic south facing garden, garage and off street parking. "
"Located in an elevated position on this popular road in Long Ashton, this well-maintained and much loved 1920s family home is offered to the market and is sure to attract significant interest. "
3 bedroom penthouse apartment with west facing water views down the floating harbour with Ashton Court estate in the background. Allocated parking and private balcony included.
"An immensely characterful and well located period property situated in the heart of Westbury Park, close to Durdham Downs and offering flexible accommodation, a private rear garden and no onward chain Many original features including sash windows, fireplaces and ceiling cornicing add to this p..."
"IDYLLIC - A wonderful three-bedroom detached character cottage, one of the village's oldest properties, occupying a delightful, elevated position in the favoured Church Town area of Backwell. EPC rating TBA."
A light and bright three bedroom waterfront home with fantastic harbourside views
Contemporary detached 4 bedroom home with fabulous open plan living space and versatile layout throughout - a great family home right in the centre of the village and opposite the Backwell park
FLEXIBLE ACCOMMODATION this spacious SIX BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY is made up of the original 4 bedroom detached house and has a TWO BEDROOM ATTACHED ANNEXE to the side. PERFECT FOR EXTENDED FAMILIES or indeed it would be possible to let the annex out to provide rental income. The accommodation ...
"The Chestnut is an attractive double-fronted home. The home benefits from several useful living spaces: a spacious kitchen and family/dining area with bifold doors, a study or playroom and a large sitting room with French doors leading to the garden. Upstairs features a generous landin..."
"A detached family home occupying a sought after location convenient for major commuting routes and offered with no onward chain. The accommodation comprises; hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room, kitchen/diner, utility, bathroom & 4 bedrooms (master with en suite). Other benefits include; ample o..."
"Located in Flax Bourton, with its OFSTED Outstanding primary school, and also within the ‘catchment area’ for Backwell secondary school, this property is bound to be very popular! In a fortunate position, in the heart of the sought-after Farleigh Green development, this pr..."
"A spectacular modern detached family home presented in a fantastic condition throughout! The property is conveniently situated in this popular South Gloucestershire village with excellent access to the motorway network, The Mall at Cribbs Causeway, local schools which are rated good and outstandi..."
A superb four bedroom family home situated in a popular Henleaze road within easy reach of both Henleaze & Horfield Infant & Primary Schools and the wide range of shops available on Henleaze Road. This super family home must be viewed to fully appreciate all that is on offer. C...
"A stylish and well-appointed, 3 double bedroom, 2 bath/shower room, maisonette apartment (of circa 1,640 sq. ft) located within a distinguished grade II* listed Georgian terrace in Clifton Village having two private courtyards, storage rooms and communal gardens. Recently refurbished to an ex..."
The Chestnut is an attractive double-fronted home. The home benefits from several useful living spaces. 
"Please quote reference RM0334.  This glorious unique extended semi detached artisan Victorian villa offers a great sociable entertaining space and is set in a varied, interesting and popular road in the conservation area of Keynsham.  A well proportioned..."
"An impressive four bedroom, three bathroom townhouse with a recessed first-floor terrace and private patio opening directly onto Brabazon Park."
"A 4 bedroom detached family home of considerable size offering well proportioned accommodation with 2 bathrooms, an open plan kitchen – diner family space and a double aspect living room that opens to a conservatory and the private rear gardens. The bedrooms are well balanced with three double ro..."
" A superb 2 double bedroom detached bungalow in a highly sought-after location opposite to Henleaze Lake. The property is immaculately presented and ready to move straight in to and offers quality living spaces enjoying all that the plot and position has to offer, functional kitchen/diner, 2 dou..."
A bay-fronted period home on Greville Road in Southville with 4 bedrooms and a very good size south-facing garden.
"Situated on the highly sought after Grittleton Road in Horfield, this extended three bedroom family home is brought to the market after being lovingly owned over several decades."
Hollis Morgan – MARCH LIVE ONLINE AUCTION – A charming Freehold PERIOD PROPERTY ( 2351 St ) informally arranged as 3 x FLATS with scope for a stunning FAMILY HOME and now in need of BASIC UPDATING.
"An imposing three/four bedroom end-of-terrace home offering flexible living accommodation and the potential to create a self-contained flat. The three-storey home enjoys an elevated position over North Road and is close to St Andrews Park and a wealth of shops, restaurants and bars on Gl..."
"A Lovely detached home built by 'David Wilson Homes' that is attractively presented throughout This fabulous 4 bedroom detached home is positioned in a cul-de-sac location and deserves all the attention it will receive. In brief the property comprises of entrance hall, study, cloakroom, lounge, k..."
An exceptional garden-level apartment on Caledonia Place in Clifton Village with front and rear courtyard and internal accommodation spanning 1280 sq ft across two floors. The stunning bath stone facade of the Grade II Listed terrace of Caledonia Place is located in the heart of the vill...
"Offered with no onward chain is this delightful, warm and cosy, three bedroom, detached home boasting a south facing garden and positioned in peaceful cul-de-sac."
"Hunters Estate Agents are thrilled to offer for sale this brand new detached residence situated on Bath Road in Keynsham. Four double bedrooms (Master En-Suite), large lounge, great size Kitchen/Dining Room. Lovely gardens. Viewing strictly by individual appointment. ** SAP EPC to follow**"
"A detached three bedroom home on a substantial plot overlooking the beautiful green view of Dundry Hills. Whitchurch offers a variety of amenities such as local shops, bus routes and the OUTSTANDING ,Ofsted rated, Bridge Farm Primary School and Sunshine Pre-School. A short drive is Hengrove Leisu..."
A rare opportunity to acquire a beautifully presented detached family home occupying a desirable position overlooking a wooded green. An immediate viewing is highly recommended to avoid disappointment.
"'Mozart Villa' is a three-bedroom Victorian family home located on a popular tree-lined avenue in the heart of Bishopston. The accommodation comprises a sitting room with original sash windows to a bay, decorative cornice, picture rail, exposed wooden floorboards and an open cast iron fi..."
"An attractive, double fronted, 3 double bedroom, 2 reception room, family home constructed by 'Voke' in 1933, benefitting from well stocked front and rear gardens, a detached single garage and rear lane access/parking. The Voke family built a number of the finest houses in the local area and a..."
" Immaculately presented 4 bedroom, link detached family home in the popular village of Easter Compton, BS35. The property offers superb living spaces that are light and airy, 4 double bedrooms (2 with en-suite), a family bathroom, beautiful rear garden that is south-westerly facing, perfect for ..."
A pretty and spacious semi detached Grade II house with large garden and three garages within a pictureque village.
"A unique opportunity to purchase this substantial detached bungalow on a generous plot within a quiet, sought after cul-de-sac. "
"A well presented extended semi-detached family home. A welcoming hallway, living room to front, sitting room with open fire and 2 meter opening to kitchen diner with double doors leading to a south-westerly generous family garden. Downstairs shower room and family bathroom to first floor along wi..."
"Located in the ever popular Totterdown, just minutes from Bristol Templemeads and the City Centre, this turn of the century terraced house has plenty of scope to provide a range of accommodation. With two entrances from the street, the home consists of an entrance porch, open plan living / dining..."
"""Tree Rise was established to provide exceptional family homes designed for the ‘new normal’. We wanted to focus on flexibility, space and convenience, our ‘future-proof’ homes provide the complete longevity modern families now require""."
"A characterful, double bay Victorian built home, with a workshop/garden studio at the rear. Located within the Redland Green APR. The accommodation comprises a living room with a bay window, exposed brick chimney breast, a log burner, ceiling coving and a stripped wood floor. The adjacen..."
"A superbly presented, three bedroom, semi-detached, family home conveniently located within close proximity to the shops and amenities of Henleaze and Westbury-on-Trym."
"CJ Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this five bedroom, semi-detached home in Bower Ashton. "
"Situated in a generous plot at the end of a cul-de-sac sits this spacious family home that has been extended to provide a wealth of accommodation. Internally, the property boasts four reception rooms plus a study and a play room/gym, a kitchen with separate utility and a cloakroom to the ground f..."
"Offering a superb, well stocked and sizeable garden, off street parking to front and rear, as well as a garage, is this larger than typical, two double bedroom period home."
"Beautifully presented, detached residence set in backwater location on the edge of the woods. With hallway, large lounge, well appointed kitchen/diner with granite worktops, study area, utility and downstairs shower room, four double bedrooms, en suite, double garage, enclosed garden."
"1930's Detached house with 2 receptions, kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom, garden and two parking spaces. 1 x Detached 2 bed house with parking, Pair of semi detached houses, 1 x 2 bed and 1 x 1 bed with parking. PLANNING: South Gloucestershire Council P20/00891/F 21st May 20..."
"Situated in the delightful area of St. George, this six bedroom detached house can be found. With large reception rooms, multiple bedrooms and both front and rear gardens, this property has something to suit everyones needs"
"An deceptively spacious and extended three bedroom detached house located in a popular road in Frampton Cotterell, presented in immaculate condition throughout, early viewing recommended!"
"Sitting proudly in the primary catchment for Redland Green school, this satisfying three bedroom family home has a large south west facing garden, spacious rooms and potential to further expand. Residents permit parking is available and there is also the potential to have a garage added to the sale."
"A home to be able to grow as a family, entertain both friends and family or to be able to work. It really is the all rounder of a home. Nicely set within the heart of the village of Frampton Cotterell, ideal for those dog walks, bike rides or just ambling to the pub, shops or school. "
"An exceptional semi-detached extended six bedroom property situated in the popular Bedminster Down area, with an incredible substantial rear garden measuring approx 200m in length. The property has undergone complete renovation to a stunning standard throughout by its currents owners, making the ..."
"A palatial, three-bedroom, hall floor garden apartment offered to the market with no onward chain and access to a private garage."
"Marketed with no onward chain is this charming, 1930’s, three bedroom, semi-detached home nestled in a prestigious central Henleaze location and boasting a southerly lawned garden."
"**NEW**An extended 3 bedroom family home on Colliter Crescent in Ashton with off street parking for up to 3 cars. The property consists of an open plan reception room, extended kitchen/diner, downstairs W/C, 3 double bedrooms, family bathroom, detached garage and a very good sized rear garden."
"OVER LOOKING PERRETT'S PARK AND BEYOND! - Occupying, arguably, one of the most sought after positions in the city is this 1930's Chard Built family home directly opposite Perrett's Park offering unrivalled roof top city views. The property is just minutes from Wells Road with the popular Fox and ..."
Located in the exclusive cul de sac of Stoke Meadows in Bradley Stoke is this stunning four bedroom family home. Presented to a high specification and benefiting from smart living controls throughout the accommodation is well positioned to local schools and amenities. On the ground floor can be ...
"A truly unique, three/four bedroom detached house with far reaching views over the Bristol Channel and beyond. The property boasts modern, stylish décor throughout, an open plan kitchen/diner, gymnasium, roof garden and just a few minutes walk to access the popular Blaise Castle Estate. ..."
Hollis Morgan - SUBSTANTIAL DEPOSIT/CASH BUYERS ONLY DUE TO FULL RENOVATION - This stunning four bedroom semi-detached Victoria property is located in one of Bristol's most sought after areas. The property offers spacious accommodation throughout and is in need of complete modernisation.
Tucked away in a prime location within Long Ashton this four bedroom detached bungalow is one not to be missed.
"Positioned within the popular area of Henleaze, this original, detached family home built by the current owners in 2014 offers three good sized bedrooms, reception, open-plan kitchen/diner, bathroom, low maintenance rear garden and off-street parking. This attractive, modern home enjoys ..."
A rare opportunity to purchase this substantial four bedroom detached bungalow  located in a sought after position with open countryside views to the front and rear. The home is currently under going a program of improvements and is offered to market with no onward chain. T...
"""Metford Grove is special to us as it is where we first settled in Bristol. From the early days of late night decorating through to creating the large open plan living space with new kitchen, Metford Grove is somewhere we cherish as a family. Being on a cul-de-sac, the road is lovely an..."
"A unique opportunity to purchase an extended detached bungalow with endless potential to create the perfect family home set in a village location. This property is fully enclosed and secure, perfect for anyone with children or dogs. Planning permission in place to extend this property even furthe..."
" This Grade II listed, stunning example of a period home built circa 1670 is located near the sought after village of Almondsbury and within easy access of the M5 and Bristol City amenities. Boasting far reaching views and sitting on a generous plot you will want to view this property to appreci..."
"Extended Four bedroom detached dorma bungalow with stunning open plan living / dining room, landscaped rear gardens, drive through garage and gated driveway."
FLEXIBLE ACCOMMODATION - PERFECT FOR EXTENDED FAMILIES - ATTACHED ANNEX WITH OWN ENTRANCE....This superb detached bungalow has three bedrooms to the main house as well as a one bedroom annex to the side so its perfect for a family with an elderly relative or a teenager that needs their own space...
"A rare opportunity has arisen to acquire this elegant and beautifully renovated apartment (1,162 sq ft) set on the hall floor of this delightful period building in the heart of Clifton Village. Offered to the market with no onward chain. An apartment of this nature, and in such a popular..."
"New to the market, for the first time since the vendor purchased the property in the early 1990's, and offered with no onward chain! this property is sure to appeal to a family looking for space and a balance of rural living yet situated close to amenities. Flax Bourton is a village with excell..."
"A unique 5 bed, semi-detached 'FOREVER' home with serious curb appeal . Set back on a HUGE gated driveway with SOUTH facing garden and garden lodge."
"A MUST VIEW!! Westcoast Properties are delighted to bring to the market this spacious detached home. Comprising four bedrooms, two reception rooms, kitchen/breakfast room, study, four piece suite family bathroom, en-suite and W/C. Outside, the property sits in a private and generous plot wit..."
A rare opportunity to purchase in this prestigious waterside location that offers amazing living spaces walking distance to Wapping Wharf with a single garage.
Superb first home or a great investment opportunity.
"A stunning bungalow offering beautiful grounds, a double garage and workshop space set in a peaceful village location with easy access to Clifton Village and Bristol City Centre. "
"Positioned within a substantial corner plot is this characterful, Edwardian, detached, three bedroom, bungalow. Marketed with no onward chain."
"An exceptionally inviting and well arranged 3 bedroom modern detached house situated in a peaceful and sought after location in Sneyd Park. Further benefiting from a south facing rear garden, off street parking and a garage. Situated in Sneyd Park, one of Bristol's sought after and leafy area..."
"Built in 1998, and located on the ever popular Heathfields, sits this generously proportioned four-bedroom detached family home."
Offered with no onward chain is this well-presented semi-detached home boasting a full-width kitchen/diner with doors onto a charming garden and accompanying adjacent garage.
HUGELY FLEXIBLE FAMILY HOME - Brook House is a delightful family home that needs to be viewed in order to fully appreciate its scale and potential.
"OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO CHAIN IS THIS THREE BEDROOM VICTORIAN HOME, SET WITHIN THE HEART OF BISHOPSTON, SITUATED NEARBY TO THE WEALTH OF AMENITIES THE GLOUCESTER ROAD HAS TO OFFER."
"High quality, community focussed, inner city living; The Square is a great example of how sensitive redevelopment of an urban brownfield site is helping to re-invent the concepts of a vibrant mixed use City Centre. The Square on New Hawkins Street is a selection of twelve design led, specificatio..."
"An attractive three bedroom hall floor apartment with parking. Sold with no onward chain. Please note, there is a no pets policy within Oakleigh House. Please note, there is a no pets policy within Oakleigh House. Flat 1 Oakleigh House is found on the ground floor of this handsome detached Victo..."
"Andrews are delighted to offer to the market this Purbeck stone fronted, four bedroom semi-detached dual cottage. The character interior comprises entrance porch, hallway, front aspect reception/family room, lounge with wood burner, formal dining room and adjacent kitchen/breakfast room and..."
"An incredible, spacious four bedroom detached family home situated in the extremely popular Dundry area. Set on approximately 2/3 of an Acre, located just 10 minutes away from Bristol International Airport, this beautiful family home comprises in brief a living room, dining room, large kitchen, s..."
"A semi-detached 1930s 3-bedroom family home within the Redland Green catchment area. The property is located on one of Bishopston's premier roads, close to the independent shops, cafés and restaurants lining the popular Gloucester Road, and within the catchment area for Redland Green Sec..."
"An immaculate three bedroom harbourside apartment with stunning views, private balcony and parking. The accommodation is entirely level measuring almost 1000 ft.² One of the most notable features is the open plan kitchen/living room and dining room enjoying outstanding water views. A generous fo..."
"NO CHAIN. A very spacious three bedroom detached bungalow set within a small cul de sac within the popular village of Backwell. The property has double glazing throughout, a wonderful open plan reception/diner and an ensuite to the main bedroom."
"This stunning five bedroom executive detached family home is situated in one of the most desirable roads in Bradley Stoke. Ideally located within Bradley Stoke Community School catchment area, the property is situated just 500 meters from The Willow Brook Centre and the adjacent Bradley S..."
"'I have thoroughly enjoyed living on Brynland Avenue with its welcoming community of neighbours and close proximity to the Gloucester Road. The open plan kitchen is my favourite part of the house and when the sun streams in from the westerly facing garden, it's a sight to behold.'"
"A stunning Georgian three bedroom garden maisonette, situated in the heart of Clifton Village."
"This detached bungalow is in a great position on the fringe Coalpit Heath- Situated within a really smart cul de sac on the edge of the village, this lovely detached bungalow provides both the space and flexibility of accommodation that is so discerningly sought after. Offered for sale with NO CH..."
"In this upside-down world having an upside-down house makes perfect sense! especially when you factor in the location, the view, the accommodation and being only one of three properties in this development. You will have driven past, walked past and parked next to the property, but you..."
"Every now and then a property which we have all driven past, walked past or rode past will come onto the market and cause a real sensation. This home on Church Road is one of those properties that will cause such a sensation, internally & externally! Being nicely perched on the ed..."
"An extended three double bedroomed semi detached family home with large rear garden and garage, situated on a sought after road close to good schooling, between both Westbury on Trym village and Henleaze high street which offer a wide variety of shops and restaurants. Viewing is recommen..."
"Extended and impressive throughout, a Victorian family home located on Shaftesbury Avenue in the heart of Montpelier. The property is arranged over three floors and has plenty to offer including four bedrooms, two reception rooms, an extended kitchen/dining room and a mature rear garden. "
"An impressive and immaculately presented water front mezzanine apartment situated in the prestigious, historical and well-located development of The General."
"This 1930s semi on St Agnes Avenue is available for the first time in 40 years - with stunning views toward Bristol, there is plenty of space for the next family to grow into!"
"Barn for Conversion with 3.94 acres land - Nempnett Thrubwell, Chew Valley BS40 5AW"
"A beautiful semi-detached 1930's home which is on a quiet residential road in the heart of Stoke Bishop. This property boasts three bedrooms, spacious downstairs living space, plenty of off-street parking, a garage and an attractive westerly facing garden with beautiful views of the Dingle which ..."
This beautifully presented four bedroom detached property is situated in the heart of Ham Green and enjoys superb views across to the neighbouring cricket pitch and open playing fields. 
Hollis Morgan – APRIL LIVE ONLINE AUCTION – A Freehold BLOCK OF 3 x SELF CONTAINED FLATS ( 1580 Sq Ft ) fully Let producing £50k pa.
"A very spacious three bed, top floor apartment, within a beautiful Victorian grade 2 listed building."
"Located on the highly desirable Church Lane, this large detached 1960's 3 double bedroom family home is sure to excite a host of buyers. With large sized rooms and a manageable westerly facing mature rear garden it is located within walking distance of local amenities, leisure facilities, school..."
No Onward chain. A fabulous opportunity to purchase this sizeable three bedroom semi detached dormer bungalow in an enviable corner plot position on Hutton Close. Viewings are available immediately.
"A golden opportunity to acquire this handsome 1930's semi detached three bedroom family home with large c 80 ft westerly facing family friendly gardens, driveway and garage with lots of scope to extend and the added benefit of no onward chain. We highly recommend a viewing at the your fi..."
"A large, detached family home situated in the popular area of Uplands, South Bristol. This property is presented in excellent condition throughout and has easy access to local amenities and is perfect for anyone looking to commute to Bristol City Centre. Comprising in brief a sitting room, living..."
Hollis Morgan – APRIL LIVE ONLINE AUCTION - A Freehold DEVELOPMENT SITE ( 0.15 Acres ) with PLANNING GRANTED to erect a scheme of 6 X FLATS and 3 X TOWNHOUSES with a GDV £2.6m
*VERSATILE HOME WITH ANNEX IN TRANQUIL LOCATION* Holbrook Moran are delighted to bring to market this substantial detached property set on the edge of Magpie Bottom Nature Reserve. Being sold with no onward chain. 
"An exciting opportunity to purchase a sizeable 1930s semi detached house in one of Westbury on Tryms favoured Roads. Lampeter Road is ideally placed for the nearby village shops, bars, restaurants and cafés, local bus routes, Canford Park and fabulous school catchments including Westbury on Trym ..."
"Book now for a ""Muddy Boots Day"" on Saturday 18th March for your opportunity to step inside the original factory building"
"A spacious 3 bedroom semi-detached property on Cransley Crescent in Henleaze offered with no onward chain. Full of its original 1930's style character, this property would be perfect for a couple or family who want to add their own stamp. On entrance to the property you are greeted with ..."
" First opportunity to step inside this stunning townhouse, converted from a former Victorian factory and ideally lcoated in Greenbank BS5.  "
"A beautifully presented and well-proportioned 3 double bedroom, 3 bathroom, waterfront apartment with sunny aspect and direct water views, set within the impressive Custom House harbour side development."
The 4 bedroom Shelford is the perfect family home with a flexible and spacious layout
"A superb three bedroom 1930's semi detached family home offering generous accommodation with wonderful rear garden, garage, driveway parking and situated in a popular cul de sac on the ever desirable Henleaze/Westbury on Trym borders. Viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate th..."
Cj Hole Southville are proud to present to the sales market this three double bedroom Victorian terraced home in popular Southville with NO ONWARDS CHAIN
The Eskdale is a 4-bedroom property which will appeal to growing families in search of extra space
Hollis Morgan – LAND | NEW HOMES - A Freehold DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY with PLANNING GRANTED to create a scheme of 5 FLATS with a GDV in the region of £1.5m
SUBSTANTIAL SEMI DETACHED HOME WITH LARGE BUNGALOW IN THE GARDEN!! PERFECT FOR THOSE SEEKING TO LIVE WITH ELDERLY RELATIVES WHILST STILL WANTING INDEPENDENCE! TLS Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this substantial property in the sought after Hanham area comprising a three / f...
"An incredibly well-located 1930s family home with exciting scope for cosmetic updating and potential extension (subject to necessary consents). Enjoying the rare advantage of off street parking for 2 vehicles, a 40ft rear garden and within just 500 metres of Redland Green School. Originally de..."
"Offered with no onward chain – a 3 bedroom, 2 reception semi-detached family house with driveway parking, detached garage and a circa 60ft south facing rear garden with a very pleasant wooded outlook set in the leafy fringes of Blaise Castle Estate. Set in a very favourable southerly setting o..."
Spacious penthouse apartment in the exclusive BS1 location. The main aspect is SOUTH FACING with lovely views across the city and hills beyond. The apartment benefits from two double bedrooms both with en-suite. The bespoke modern kitchen is thoughtfully laid out and arranged open plan to the lo...
"Overlooking a local farmer’s field and the open green space of Pomphrey Hill, we are delighted to bring to the market this spacious detached five bedroom home that was the ex show home for Persimmon Homes. Upon entering, you are greeted with an entrance hall that gives access to the gro..."
"A rare offering to the market, this spacious Victorian terraced house is arranged over three floors, close to Charborough Road Primary School. Set over three floors, this four bedroom house is perfect for a range of buyers looking for a spacious property."
"Matthews are delighted to bring to the sales market this very well presented four bedroom, period property situated on the extremely popular Belluton Road, with Both Perretts and Redcatch Parks, Hillcrest Primary School, Arnos Vale and many other wonderful amenities and shops that both Knowle & T..."
"Completely refurbished to a high standard throughout is this stunning, contemporary, detached, two to three bedroom bungalow."
"""We bought this house eleven years ago because we found the house, the garden and the location great, with easy access to the centre, thirty minutes on foot and ten minutes on a bicycle. there is a regular bus service. It has been extended, and money and time has been spent on the garden. The kit..."
A stunning 4 bedroom detached family home with tandem garage located in an enviable position within a small cul-de-sac overlooking an open green.
"Matthews Estates are delighted to bring to the sales market this beautifully presented, vastly extended, four bedroom, terraced, 1930's family home, situated on Stoneleigh Road, Knowle, within very close proximity of Redcatch Park, Knowle Park Primary School and within a level walk of all the sho..."
"A GORGEOUS , 4 bed, Grade II listed farmhouse taking centre stage in the Staunton Manor Courtyard development. Located in the sought after Whitchurch Village."
"A striking 4 bed detached family home ticking all the boxes with double bedrooms, master ensuite, office and gorgeous kitchen/diner. A sought after Whitchurch development that certainly provides the WOW factor."
SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME!! REAR GARDEN!! TWO RECEPTIONS!! EN-SUITE!! CLOSE TO SCHOOL AND AMENITIES!! DRIVEWAY PARKING!! DOUBLE GARAGE!! Blue Sky are delighted to offer for sale this fantastic detached family home located on Causley Drive in Barrs Court. The property is ideally l...
"A four bed semi detached family house on the popular Chandag Road with driveway with parking for 2/3 cars, garage and level rear garden"
A spacious detached family home located in a popular cul-de-sac position in Backwell within easy reach of local amenities and schools. Uncombe Close provides a mix of 1970's detached family homes on the edge of the local greenbelt and this property offers lovely far reaching rural views. Having...
"A stunning, light and spacious 3 double bedroom apartment situated on the second floor of this recently constructed stylish development, with direct elevated views over the floating harbour towards the SS Great Britain and the added benefits of, lift access a spacious southwest facing balcony (wi..."
Maisonette on 2nd and 3rd floors of a Georgian Crescent.  Original Fireplace and with High Ceilings.  The property is literally littered with many original features. It is currently being used as a Holiday let.   The communal gardens of Cornwallis Crescent are truly...
"A delightfully presented four bedroom semi detached family home with driveway parking and west facing gardens, situated in a sought after road on the Westbury / Henleaze borders with excellent access to all local amenities and walking distance of Horfield Junior School. Viewing is highly..."
"A split level Victorian home, located on a desirable road in West Bishopston, boasting an 11m rear garden - all being offered with no chain."
"COMING SOON - A stylish and contemporary two bedroom house on Trelawney Road in Redland. Newly built to an exceptional standard with a large open plan living area, both bedrooms being good size doubles, and a private enclosed courtyard. A great alternative to buying a flat. Call the team on 0..."
** Excellent Opportunity ** Superb plot currently housing a generous four bedroom detached bungalow with the additional benefit of a potential building plot to the rear that has had pervious planning for a second detached home. Located down a private lane with three other detached homes ...
CJ Hole Brislington are delighted to welcome to the sales market this five bedroom semi-detached family home in Brislington.
"This stunning Grade II listed cottage is located on Church Road in the picturesque village of Bitton. The property is set in a conservation area opposite St. Marys Church, with the countryside, rural walks and wildlife right on the doorstep. Arranged over three floors and brimming with character..."
"NO CHAIN. renovated throughout this four bedroom property is perfect for a range of buyers, extended with a beautiful open plan kitchen, dining room, lounge with a downstairs shower room, four bedrooms and a further upstairs bathroom. Call now for further details."
"CJ Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this excellent three double bedroom family home situated in the heart of Southville, being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"Offering a flexible live/work arrangement and set within an original building of The Chocolate Factory, Greenbank"
Number 70 Charlton Road offers the opportunity to acquire a sympathetically extended detached bungalow that enjoys modern high quality accommodation throughout. In addition to the main home the property further benefits from a detached timber frame two bedroom annexe that could be used for a vari...
"A substantial period home, providing spacious accommodation over three floors, whilst being conveniently located, only a short stroll to Keynsham High Street & Train Station. This semi detached property benefits five bedrooms, four of which are doubles with the fifth a good sized single. A st..."
Absolutely outstanding detached split level home which occupies an impressive elevated position with views across the surrounding area. Rockwell Avenue is a small cul de sac of detached family homes located a short stroll from the popular Blaise Estate and is therefore ideal for families and dog ...
"A comprehensively refurbished and very well presented Victorian house - located in the highly sought after area of Montpelier. The current owners have meticulously renovated throughout, whilst being sympathetic to its character and charm."
" Muddy Boots Day - Saturday 18th March. First opportunity to step inside this stunning townhouse, converted from a former Victorian factory and ideally lcoated in Greenbank BS5. "
Andrews are pleased to offer a wonderful three bedroom two bathroom end of terrace home which benefits from both a front and rear garden. The property is tucked away in a secluded location that is not at all overlooked. The property benefits from being an end of terrace and is situated...
"A beautifully presented extended three bedroom detached bungalow situated in the highly desired village of Failand. In brief the property comprises; entrance hall, a generous lounge room with a feature fireplace, a further reception room with patio doors out into the garden, a fitted kitchen/brea..."
"An incredibly spacious and well located 4 double bedroom maisonette, occupying the entire lower ground floor and half of the hall floor of this most attractive period building. Enjoying the rare advantage of a front garden which is currently landscaped to provide off street parking for 2 cars. ..."
"A stunning & extended detached double bay fronted family home with an annex and swimming pool. Situated in the highly desirable area of Uplands and renovated to an excellent standard throughout, this would make the perfect ‘turn-key’ home. The property is located within close proximity to local s..."
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire this Four/Five bedroom detached stunning family home, situated in a highly sought after road in immaculate condition. The property has been improved over the years and has a converted garage providing an additional fifth bedroom or office room to work from home...."
An exciting opportunity to refurbish a Victorian townhouse on the outskirts of Clifton village. The former shop was converted to a townhouse by the current owners in the 1950's and offers a generous living arrangement across the four floors. The property has many original featur...
"4 Lansdown Place forms part of a handsome grade II* listed terrace (constructed circa 1835), next to the Victoria Square Gardens, in the heart of Clifton Village and within walking distance of its many amenities. It should be noted that this Hall Floor Apartment has one step into the building but..."
Situated in a lovely plot on Jubilee Drive is this 3 bedroom detached bungalow in Failand with well maintained front and rear gardens. The owners are looking to buy a new build apartment to complete the onward chain.
An immaculate 4 bedroom detached home located on the sought after 'Pimpernel Mead' within Bradley Stoke Community School catchment.
"Marketed with no onward chain is this three bedroom, detached family home, that has been owned by the same family for 35 years."
"Stunning four bedroom townhouse on the St George and Hanham border. The particularly special property features a stunning garden, exceptional views and home office plus utility. Last but not least it offers two garages AND spacious driveway."
A unique opportunity to acquire this large residential/commercial premises right in the heart of Long Ashton with additional planning permission granted for a single storey rear extension to convert into large family home
"Offered with no onward chain is the charming, link-detached, three bedroom home boasting an generous, L-shaped lounge/diner with full width window and sliding door onto a garden."
"CJ Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this four bedroom, terraced home in Southville."
"This substantial (1,635 sq. ft) and well-proportioned 4/5 bedroom detached house with South facing rear garden is well-presented throughout and enviably positioned, tucked away in the desirable Cave Drive cul-de-sac, Downend, overlooking Britannia Woods"
A must-see stunning 3-bedroom mid-terrace Victorian home on Ashton Gate Road in Ashton Gate. The views from this home are to die for!
EXTENDED DETACHED FAMILY HOME!! FOUR/FIVE BEDROOMS!! AMPLE PARKING!! TWO/THREE RECEPTIONS!! POPULAR LOCATION!! SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION!! Blue Sky are proud to offer for sale this fantastic size detached family home located on Bakersfield in Longwell Green. The property is ideally located close to ...
*NEW RELEASE*: Plot 84 The Matthew is a high quality three-bedroom home located on a popular development close to local amenities. Internally there is a modern kitchen and a desirable OPEN PLAN living space with French doors leading out to a rear garden. Externally there are 2 parking spaces. 
"This stunning FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED property in the south of Bradley Stoke is beautifully presented throughout and is well situated for all the local amenities including shops, good schools and excellent transport links all close by. The Bradley Stoke Nature Reserve is also easily accessible so f..."
"A beautifully presented detached family home offering a fantastic corner plot position in Emersons Green. Spacious accommodation comprising: 4 bedrooms, lounge, dining room, family room/study, kitchen/breakfast room, utility, cloakroom, modern bathroom & en-suite. Benefiting from having immaculat..."
"A beautiful period property, boasting a stone, bay fronted façade and packed full of character and features. Externally the property continues to impress with a block paved driveway providing off street parking and a sunny, westerly rear garden. Internally the spacious accommodation spans ..."
"**CHAIN COMPLETE** Built in 2018 by Redrow Homes to their Stratford Heritage design, this immaculate family home is available for viewings straight away. Briefly comprising of entrance hallway, downstairs WC, light and airey lounge with bay window and a kitchen diner at the..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire this five bedroom, dramatically extended five bedroom detached property in Mangotsfield. If size and style is on your criteria then look no further. This property has been greatly extended by its current owners to provide so much space and quality for growing/large ..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire this three bedroom detached bungalow which sits on a generous plot. The accommodation in brief comprises of an entrance porch, entrance hallway, three bedrooms, master with en-suite, lounge, kitchen breakfast room, two conservatories and a main bathroom. ..."
"An idyllic cottage set back from the road and backing onto Crossbow Fields is brought the market. Lived in by its current owner since 1970's, this home has been much loved and looked after over the years. The property has been extended over the years to accommodate two reception rooms ..."
"****CHAIN COMPLETE**** Positioned on the sought after Frenchay Park development, Michael Nicholas Estate Agents are proud to offer the market this golden opportunity to purchase this stunni..."
"A very well-presented family home located on a quiet residential road within close proximity to Horfield Common. The property has plenty to offer and includes four bedrooms, open plan reception rooms, kitchen/diner and a double garage with rear access and an electrical charging point. T..."
"Now Available this stunning 4 bedroom detached family home situated in the ever popular Frenchay, BS16."
A well-presented Victorian end of terrace family home situated on a quiet cul-de-sac within Horfield. The property benefits from three double bedrooms and an extended living space which creates a light and bright open-plan kitchen/diner with views looking out onto the impressive sunny garden. 
"Nestled in the greenery of Durdham Down in Redland, The Vincent is Pegasus’s Showcase of luxury later living in the heart of this fashionable city. Inspired by its Victorian heritage, the development is being created to offer 65 one, two and three bedroom apartments which occupy the refurbi..."
Hollis Morgan – MARCH LIVE ONLINE AUCTION – A Freehold DETACHED 5 BED FAMILY HOME ( 2629 Sq Ft ) with LARGE GARDEN and PARKING suitable for CASH BUYERS | BRIDGING FINANCE ONLY
A sophisticated waterfront home with two south facing terraces and parking
An impressive period apartment of circa 1200 sq. ft covering the entire top floor of this handsome period semi-detached townhouse. Off street parking and beautiful views both front and back.
"FOUR bedroom DETACHED home, OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM, separate LOUNGE, with ENSUITE to main BEDROOM, separate FAMILY BATHROOM and GARDEN TO REAR."
"An impressive and well-presented four bedroom townhouse located on a popular development on the borders of Bishopston/Ashley Down. The accommodation is flexible over three floors and has plenty to offer which includes an impressive open plan kitchen/diner, four bedrooms with a en-suite to the mas..."
**VIEWING DAY 11th MARCH** A Semi-Detached Dormer Bungalow located in the heart of Bitton Village. The property has been extended over the years and the loft has been converted creating a spacious family size home. The property occupies a good size level garden plot with stables at the r...
"The Redcliffe is a spacious four bedroom detached home which offers easy living with a contemporary style situated at Hygge Park in Keynsham. Offering the ideal location for young families, as well as Bristol and Bath commuters, close to great amenities including top schools, newly built primary..."
"A luxurious, beautifully refurbished Victoria Square apartment."
"Located on a Premier road on the Wellsway side of town, this double bay fronted semi detached property boasts sympathetic extensions to both the side and rear which offer larger than typical accommodation making it an ideal purchase for growing families. Internally the ground floor compr..."
"Owned for over 20 years, this impressive four bedroom detached property situated on 'the herbs' has provided the perfect base for the current owners. With local schools, new bus routes and The Willow Brook Shopping Centre all within a short walk, convenience is a strong factor for any new buyer. ..."
"An attractive and well located, semi-detached 3-bedroom home situated toward the head of a peaceful cul de sac with the rare advantage of an attractive landscaped south west facing garden along with an adjoining garage. The ground floor comprises; Entrance hall, fitted kitchen, living..."
"Popular cul-de-sac location in New Road, offered with no onward chain, this two bedroom end of terrace house with a private rear garden, off street parking, easy access for a number of open spaces as well as Parkway Train Station and MoD. Call now for further details."
"Forming part of this stunning converted barn, number 2 Riverside is set in the middle of three properties in this exclusive development on the edge of the River Frome in an idyllic location providing lovely rural views backing onto fields! Internally there is a large hallway with cloakroom and ut..."
"Tucked away on arguably one of the quietest roads in Winterbourne, this impressively finished detached bungalow has been renovated to a high standard throughout and flaunts a delightful combination of modern day open plan living and cozy comfort. The property has been extended to create a m..."
"This exclusive development of 3 properties positioned on the edge of the River Frome. This idyllic rural setting within the heart of Frampton Cotterell village offers well presented living accommodation briefly comprising of entrance hallway, cloakroom, utility area, open plan fitted kitchen, di..."
"Positioned on the third floor within Regent House and boasting a south-facing aspect, this impressive two bedroom conversion apartment is utterly unique with a feature living space."
The Brandon is a four double-bedroom home that is endlessly adaptable. There is a top-floor study and the option of using one of the bedrooms as a separate living area or play room.
"Positioned on the popular Lakewood Crescent, backing onto Badocks Wood and with great access to Westbury on Trym and Henleaze high streets, is this conveniently located and superbly extended four bedroom semi-detached family home. There is potential for further off street parking and the property..."
A substantial Victorian semi-detached home which offers plenty of space inside and out with plenty of potential to create something truly special!
"NO ONWARD CHAIN!! Westcoast properties are excited to present this delightful 4 double bedroom home in this sought after location in Stoke Gifford. Internally you will find ample living space with the ground floor offering living/dining room, kitchen, W/C and integral garage. On the first fl..."
"A spacious 4 bedroom terrace house set within the ever popular development of The Chocolate Factory, Greenbank. Show home available to view. Book your appointment now."
" AVAILABLE NOW - This four bedroom terrace family home boasts stong eco credentials, south-facing balcony and garage.  "
There's a wealth of space to cater for busy family lifestyles in the 4 bedroom Kentdale
"The Romsey four bedroom detached house is a stylish home. The generous hallway offers versatile space leading to the generous open plan kitchen/diner and family area, span the rear of the property offering flexible space, perfect for entertaining, complete with patio doors leading to t..."
"To be sold for the first time since 1986 and in need of modernisation. A light filled 4 bedroom detached two-storey family home with sheltered and private gardens, single garage and elevated views across the city in a south-easterly direction. Enjoying an elevated position within the historic ..."
"This extended 3 bedroom detached family home on Charnhill Drive, Mangotsfield offered with a ample off street parking and a tandem garage."
"Call Connells to book your viewing in this much desirable Southville location, within close proximity of the ever popular vibrant North St with its many independent shops, bars and cafes."
"A superb two storey duplex penthouse apartment in a highly sought-after central Bristol location, with a private roof terrace, allocated off-street parking, private storage pod and concierge service."
"""I've lived in Totterdown for thirty years, ten years in lower Totterdown and then I moved to upper Totterdown to Upper Street for more room due to my large family, I fell in love with the garden and quirkiness of the house and beautiful views. The neighbourhood is very friendly, my children went..."
An excellent opportunity to acquire a lovely Voisey built (in 1963) 3 bedroom family home which is being offered to the market for the first time since 1968! Providing good sized living accommodation and externally parking for 3 cars on the block paved driveway as well as a well maintained and m...
"One of the most popular roads in Whitchurch...Whitecross Avenue! This 1930's four-bedroom semi detached home has recently been updated throughout and transformed into a loving family home. With its spacious design, modern colours and good size garden this is a property not to be missed! Brilliant..."
"Situated in a private cul de sac location just off the Bath Road is this recently constructed immaculately presented 4 bedroom detached property. This ideal family home benefits from an open plan kitchen/dining room on ground floor, master bedroom with en suite facilities, uPVC double glazing, ga..."
"OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN !!!Hunters of Whitchurch introduce this impressive Four Bedroom Detached Property originally the show house for this exclusive development located in a PRIVATE CUL DE SAC adjacent to the Wells Road. The accommodation is well presented throughout, briefly co..."
"*STUNNING FAMILY HOME* A beautiful 1930’s style property situated on the prestigious Cleeve Hill, within fifty metres of the High Street, this semidetached family home is sure to be popular. Briefly comprising of, porch, entrance hall, downstairs WC, separate lounge with ba..."
"COMPLETION ESTIMATED JUNE 2023 – One of just two stylish 3 bedroom new build homes in Cotham, boasting stunning open plan living, private courtyard and strong eco credentials with TOTAL energy costs estimated at just £1,083pa."
"A beautifully presented one bedroom, ground floor retirement apartment, boasting a walk out balcony."
"Located in the heart of the highly popular ""Somerdale"" development, this four bedroom detached home is only the second of the ""Midford"" style to have been resold since construction. The property sits within good sized gardens and internally offers spacious accommodation well suited to upsizing f..."
A delightful and spacious two bedroom cottage with garden and parking within a picturesque village and available for immediate occupation with no onward chain.
"Constructed circa 2021 by Messrs Crest Nicholson to their 'Romsey' design and offered for sale with no onward chain. An energy efficient home, rated A on the Energy Performance Certificate with the solar panels in particular enhancing the low monthly running costs. Conveniently located on..."
"No Onward Chain! A beautifully presented to an exceptional standard is this luxurious home situated on the edge of Whitchurch Village. The extended accommodation comprises entrance hall with sweeping staircase and bespoke fitted storage under, office / playroom, downstairs WC and Utility room. Si..."
 Opportunity to develop! This 1348 Sq. Ft Grade II listed four bedroom semi detached period family home located in the desirable are of Montpelier comes complete with rear garden and off road parking for two vehicles. In addition there is potential to convert the attic into further accommodat...
" This four double bedroom modern home has been designed and built by the current owners and offers a fantastic oppurtunity to aquire a substantial family home. The property, built in 2001, has a timber frame construction with superior wall insulation and the insulation in the roof provi..."
"This beautifully presented 4 double bedroom detached property is located in the sought-after area of Bedminster Down in Bristol. It is within easy reach of local amenities, including supermarkets, shops, the vibrant restaurants and pubs of North Street, leisure facilities and the city centre. The..."
"Positioned within the popular 'Somerdale' development and constructed by Taylor Wimpey, circa 2016 is this impressive detached residence. The 'Midford' is renowned for its generous room proportions and abundance of natural light, appealing to many families looking for a spacious home. This partic..."
"Sizeable, and extensive family home with flexible accommodation. The gardens extend to front, rear and side and are of more than generous proportions, and perhaps offer scope for further development and use, subject to planning permission. "
"Guide Price of £550,000 - £575,000. Never judge a book by it's cover."
"*Unexpectedly back on the market* Cj Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this two-bedroom, end-of-terrace Victorian home in the heart of Southville."
"A DETACHED 3 bed bungalow on the popular WELLS Road. A gorgeous home boasting HUGE garden, summer house with power and parking for MULTIPLE vehicles."
A semi-detached home is a blend of the traditional facade with a high-quality contemporary finish and benefits from only being 5 years old.
"Located in Brake Close, is this four bedroom detached home with double garage, owned for over 20 years this home has been much loved over the years. On the ground floor, you enter the property through the hallway, to the right-hand side is the living room and separate dining room leadi..."
"‘Tree Rise was established to provide exceptional family homes designed for the ‘new normal’. We wanted to focus on flexibility, space and convenience, our ‘future-proof’ homes provide the complete longevity modern families now require’"
CJ Hole Southville are pleased to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom property located in the heart of Southville just off North Street.
"‘We have really enjoyed designing and building these detached homes in a quiet and green location. Having built the building next door, we were able to tie in the builds aesthetically and understand how these houses could work in this setting. We hope they are fantastic homes for the new occupants.’"
"No onward chain - A superb three-bedroom garden flat situated in the heart of Clifton, within walking distance to Clifton Village, Whiteladies Road, Clifton Triangle and the Centre. "
Located on the sought after Redrow development of Frenchay Gardens on Alexander Road sits this beautifully presented three storey semi-detached home.
"JUST REDUCED! This property is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN . Dumaine Avenue offers four spacious well sized bedrooms, two en-suites and three reception rooms, with a further kitchen/diner and conservatory. Fantastic location for MoD and Parkway Train Station."
This three/four-bedroom property is located on a sought after crescent just off Wick Road. The property has been updated and maintained to a high standard by the current owners. With stylish and bright interior this home is sure to command plenty of interest. The accommodation comprising. Entranc...
"A beautifully presented light and bright three bedroom, two bathroom first floor apartment, situated in an exclusive setting within the desirable leafy suburb of Leigh Woods."
"A stunning four bedroom detached house with spacious lounge & kitchen/dining room, en-suite & cloakroom, double driveway and detached garage. Beautifully landscaped garden to the rear."
Garden apartment with off street parking. Ideally located close to Clifton Triangle with its selection of shops restaurants and wine bars. The apartment has light spacious accommodation with bay windows in both sitting room and bedroom one with view over front and rear gardens.
"Situated as part of Lons court, at the end of a sweeping tree lined driveway, this outstanding four bedroom property needs to be viewed to be appreciated. The property has been sympathetically renovated throughout to a very high standard by the current owners and offers the perfect blend of grand..."
"An exclusive development located on the borders of Mangotsfield and Emersons Green, this pair of detached homes have been well thought out by the developers. Set behind a stone wall, overlooking a green, these new homes have been built to a high specification, including, Karndean floor..."
"A most welcoming and attractive period terraced house on the hidden gem that is Bellevue cottages. The three bedroom, three floor property is a beautiful mix of period elegance and modern stylish accommodation."
"An exclusive development located on the borders of Mangotsfield and Emersons Green, this pair of detached homes have been well thought out by the developers. Set behind a stone wall, overlooking a green, these new homes have been built to a high specification, including, Karndean flooring, u..."
"Hunters Estate Agents are pleased to bring to the market a substantial five bedroom extended semi-detached family home situated on the extremely popular Bridgwater Road in Uplands. This fantastic property has a spacious layout throughout which comprises in brief of a living room. dining room, kit..."
"An extremely well presented detached residence, located in the popular Bilbie Green development by Messrs 'David Wilson'. Bilbie Green is positioned to the outskirts of Keynsham, benefitting beautiful open countryside views, yet only a short distance to Keynsham High Street and Train Station. Th..."
"This stunning FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM semi detached property is PERCECT FOR FAMILIES and STILL UNDER NHBC. Situated on the HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER Redrow estate on the old Frenchay Hospital site close to lots of local amenities including good schools, transport links and open countryside at Frenchay Comm..."
"** PLEASE INTERACT WITH OUR MARKET LEADING VIRTUAL TOUR ** Offered with no onward chain is this super family sized detached home, situated close to all amenities including shops, bus routes, Bristol to Bath cycle track and Page Park. This well loved home boasts, hallway, full depth lounge, dining..."
The Midford is a spacious 4 bedroom home ideally suited to growing families or professional couples.
A delightful one bedroom apartment on the first floor with open plan living area and additional dining area with balcony.
An immaculate and well-presented two bedroom modern apartment with communal gardens and gated parking. Sold with no onward chain. This spacious and light filled apartment sits on the second floor of a much sought-after modern residential building which also includes lift access. A particular fea...
"CJ Hole Southville are delighted to present this Three Bedroom Victorian Terraced home, beautifully modernised and tastefully decorated, located in Southville."
"PLEASE NOTE THAT THIS PROPERTY IS GOING TO BEST AND FINAL OFFERS ON WEDNESDAY 15TH MARCH AT 10:00AM. Nestled in a secluded cul-de-sac, backing onto stunning woodlands is this charming, light, airy, detached, four-bedroom family home boasting 20m plus garden."
"Having been thoughtfully refurbished with an elegant yet contemporary style, this three bedroom lateral apartment is in much sought after and leafy Leigh Woods. With a wonderful outlook thanks to extensive manicured communal gardens, this purpose built first floor apartment comes complete with a ..."
"Brought to the market with no chain, is this superb three bedroom family home, boasting well proportioned, characterful accommodation, offering potential buyers scope to stamp their own mark. "
"This 1950’s, three bedroom, semi-detached home is positioned on the popular Lake Road, and has two generous reception rooms."
"The perfect ""rightsize"" move for the discerning buyer this sumptuously presented two double bedroom Hall Floor Garden Victorian apartment located in the most desirable road in Henleaze offers two substantial reception rooms with character features throughout as well as a large rear garden."
"Newly refurbished to an impeccable standard, this spacious and bright three double bedroomed bed apartment, with garaging, and balcony is set in beautiful grounds in the heart of Leafy Leigh Woods."
"They say it’s all about the location, location, location. And how right they are. Sitting within a cul-de-sac & then being set back again with only two detached properties sitting side by side. With the location, you are only ten minutes or less away from the M4/M5/M32 motor..."
This five bedroom extended semi-detached property is set over three floors and presented immaculately throughout. Located in the very popular area of Gadshill Drive in Stoke Gifford. Perfectly positioned for the local amenities and Parkway Train Station. Call now for further details.
" Set within a popular area of Hanham close to all local amenities and schools is this DETACHED PROPERTY. The light and airy accommodation to the ground floor comprises of TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, CLOAKROOM, KITCHEN and UTILITY ROOM. To the first floor are FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS and a modern RE-FITT..."
Connells are pleased to offer to the market this fantastic 3/4 bedroom end of terrace house in the highly desirable Chessel Street which boasts a garage with parking. sure to be popular call to book your appointment today.
"A truly impressive grade II listed first floor flat in excellent location in Clifton - just a moment's stroll from Clifton Village, Whiteladies Road and Clifton Triangle.
A superbly finished 2 bedroom property, a master bedroom with en suite shower room and secure off-street parking."
"This lovely FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED family home is well situated in Bradley Stoke for all the local amenities on offer as well as being very well presented throughout. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, cloakroom/WC, living rom, dining room, large kitchen and an integral single ga..."
"An immaculately presented four bedroom detached family home, situated on the popular Highridge Common in South Bristol. The house boasts generous living space throughout, briefly comprising of a living room, dining room, kitchen, utility room, downstairs W/C, four double bedrooms, en-suite to mas..."
"**VIEWINGS COMMENCE SATURDAY 11TH MARCH, BOOK YOUR VIEWING ONLINE** Ideally located within this very popular part of Bradley Stoke and offering excellent access to local schools and many shops and amenities, is this superb four bedroom detached residence. Improved and enhanced by the current own..."
"A superb detached modern house located on a small development close to amenities, comprising; entrance hall, cloakroom, study, lounge, kitchen/diner, utility, bathroom & 4 double bedrooms (master with en suite). Other benefits include a landscaped rear garden, oversized garage & driveway providi..."
"A four-bedroom let sold with tenants in situ, currently achieving £2160pcm (£25,920pa). The property is situated on a quiet residential street a short stroll away from the popular Gloucester Road and its many independent shops, supermarkets, cafés, and restaurants. The property is close ..."
"Barn for Conversion - Nempnett Thrubwell, Chew Valley BS40 5AW"
"*NO ONWARD CHAIN*Located in the prestigious Abbey Close, a central position within Keynsham, and only a short stroll from the high street and train station. This imposing semi-detached property offers impressive room proportions, all over two floors. Packed full of original features, this charmin..."
"A stunning 121 square metre 2 double bedroom hall floor maisonette with two private courtyards, set within a fine Grade ll listed building close to Whiteladies Road and within the Cotham North Residents Parking Zone."
"A great opportunity to purchase this rarely available six bedroom property situated in a lovely cul-de-sac position in the North of Bradley Stoke. Internally the flexible accommodation includes two main reception rooms, a kitchen/breakfast room, a further sitting room/study that leads through to ..."
This 4-bedroom Victorian end-of-terrace home on the popular road of Garnet Street in 'The chessels'
"A hidden city centre gem, this beautiful period property offers ample living space, garden and allocated off road parking. The property would make a perfect family home or investment property."
"The Foxgloves are located in a beautifully restored, Grade II listed building, boasting high ceilings and wonderful deep window reveals.Home 189 has an elegant Kitchen/Diner, as well as a separate sitting room to the rear with French doors leading into your private garden. Downstairs ..."
Connells are pleased to bring to the market this lovely period property situated on a quiet road in Southville and within a stone's throw of the popular Wharf and North street. Further benefits include gas central heating and double glazed throughout. Call now to View!
"** CUL DE SAC POSITION ** IMMACULATE CONDITION ** AMPLE PARKING ** This four bedroom detached home has been updated by the current owner to a high standard and is ready to move into! Accommodation comprises of; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner with bi folding doors to ..."
"An immaculately presented detached bungalow on Lincombe Road, that has been completely renovated through out to the highest specification and finish with exceptional attention to detail."
"An impressive four double bedroom detached family home with three reception rooms and a lovely garden situated on this sought-after road in South Bradley Stoke. Internally there is a large hallway with cloakroom and access into the garage, living room with bay window, dining room, conservatory, k..."
"A truly impressive 2 double bedroom, 2 bath/shower room first floor apartment. Spacious and light throughout having a stunning semi open-plan kitchen/sitting room, communal front garden and secure off-street parking. No onward chain. A stylishly presented apartment forming part of this graci..."
"CJ Hole Bishopsworth are delighted to welcome to the sales market this four bedroom, detached cottage in Highridge with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"A beautiful & welcoming end terraced family home in a fabulous location for Westbury on Trym village, Badock Woods, local school and local transport."
"***INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*** Two properties currently under one title, One property is a Three Bedroom Terrace Home and the other is a Two Bedroom Newly Built Home being rented out for £800 pcm. If you need any more information please contact Daniel - "
A 3-bedroom semi-detached family home on Rayens Close in Long Ashton with off street parking and a garage.
"SUPERB DETACHED HOME!! FOUR BEDROOMS!! IMPROVED AND ENHANCED THROUGHOUT!! SUN ROOM MEASURING 22'3 BY 8'6!! STUNNING VIEWS!! GARAGE & DRIVEWAY!! UTILITY & W.C!! ACCESS TO BEACON RISE PRIMARY SCHOOL!! MASTER BEDROOM WITH EN-SUITE!! This fabulous four bedroom detached family home, located ideally wi..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** **OFF STREET PARKING** Taylors are delighted to bring to market this well-established home, ready to view immediately! Suitable for First Time Buyers as well as investors, this home is finished to a great standard. This home would be ideal for any first ..."
"A rarely available four bedroom semi detached property set aback from St John's Lane, with garage and driveway. Superbly located with easy access to the city centre and Temple Meads Train Station. Local amenities include the beautiful Victoria Park and Bedminster's North Street less than 1 mile away"
"A tastefully presented, three-bedroom, terrace, family home positioned on the ever popular ‘Hobhouse Close’ with an open outlook onto a charming residents green."
"This four bedroom detached bungalow offers enormous potential to improve/update. Located in a central position in Frampton Cotterell with schools, shops and amenities nearby. The accommodation includes open plan style lounge/kitchen/breakfast room, two bedrooms, one with en-suite shower, bathroo..."
"A renovated light and versatile 2 double bedroom (1 with en-suite) grade II listed maisonette of circa 1,280 sq. ft., located in a desirable Clifton location offering spacious well balanced accommodation, patio garden with additional sunken courtyard and the rare benefit of 2/3 private parking sp..."
"A simply stunning 2 double bedroom hall floor flat with12ft high ceilings, many period features including original doors and working shutters, direct access to a very large lawned communal rear garden and allocated off-street parking space."
MODERN BUILD FAMILY HOME!! FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED!! IMPROVED FURTHER & ENHANCED THROUGHOUT!! POPULAR WARMLEY BORDERS!! SUPERB ACCESS TO BRISTOL & BATH CYCLE PATH AND CITY CENTRES!! PRIVATE DRIVEWAY FOR A NUMBER OF VEHICLES!! CLOAKROOM & EN-SUITE!! FABULOUS MODERN OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/FAMILY ROOM!! Th...
The ideal family home and perfect for those commuting professionals. This property could also make a brilliant investment & HMO as there is a converted garage which is now used as a bedroom offering 5 overall bedrooms to this property. We anticipate each room could take a minimum of £60...
"This is a real family four bedroom detached home with loads of scope and potential to entice many a buyer out there. The reason being is the extension to the side, where you now find an annexe style dwelling with bedroom, en-suite, sitting room and fitted kitchen, this could be perfect for a dep..."
"A beautifully extended four bedroom detached house located in this lovely cul-de-sac position close to Baileys Court playing fields and shops. Internally the accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen/breakfast room with separate utility, cloakroom and walk-in store room that co..."
"!!3D INTERACTIVE VIRTUAL TOUR!! A beautiful four bedroom detached home located on the popular Stoneberry Road in Whitchurch. The internal accommodation comprises; a lounge with feature fireplace and bay window, an attractive, open plan kitchen with range cooker, a bright and airy conservatory, ut..."
"A well proportioned 3/4 bedroom, 1/2 reception end of terrace townhouse enjoying a wide and larger than average plot with lovely gardens, off street parking and a garage. Versatile accommodation arranged over 3 floors with the semi open plan living space on the middle floor connecting out to a..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this beautifully presented, four double bedroom, family home situated on the popular location of ‘Strathearn Drive’."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain and immaculately presented four-bedroom, townhouse boasting mezzanine sitting room overlooking a stylish kitchen."
A sought after 4 bedroom detached home located on 'The Bluebells' within Bradley Stoke occupying an attractive position.
An exceptional four bedroom home in this popular family spot
"A unique five double bedroom detached period property built circa 1800 offering deceptively spacious family living. The accommodation comprises: Entrance hall, lounge, conservatory, kitchen/diner, dining room/reception room , shower room/utility room and bedroom with ensuite shower room to the g..."
"Generous four bedroom detached house set over three floors offering flexible space, open plan kitchen leading to family and dining area. Excellent location for Parkway Train Station, UWE and the MoD. Includes garage and parking. Call now for further details."
"""Ruby Street has been the perfect home for our growing family. We were lucky to find a house with the footprint to create a large kitchen-diner and our own haven in the loft! The office has made home-working easy, and the kids enjoy the freedom of the open space downstairs. We rarely use the car..."
"A well-presented, 1930’s, three bedroom, semi-detached, family home backing onto the charming Badock’s Wood"
"An opportunity to acquire a detached bungalow sited on a 1/4 of an acre plot offering the potential to extend the existing dwelling or to build two new homes. (subject to the necessary planning permissions) The village of Easton In Gordano offers a convenient location, offering ease of a..."
CJ Hole are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom detached bungalow. The property itself sits on a generous sized plot. It will need modernisation throughout but comes with a fantastic opportunity. The property is conveniently situated in this popular South Gloucestershire village wit...
"A beautiful Victorian Villa situated on an elevated position on Fraser Street. Redecorated and renovated over three floors retaining many original period features including fireplaces, entrance arch, high corniced ceilings, doors and moulded door architraves and skirting boards."
This individual detached house is believed to originally date from the 1950's and is situated in a small cul de sac just off the Bath Road enjoying easy access to Wellsway School Complex and local amenities. Having been in the same ownership for many years the property is offered for sale with no...
"Offered with no onward chain, this 1950's spacious three bedroom semi detached home is ideal for a family. There is ample space for extensions/development to the rear and side. The property is ideally located in a quiet street and has easy access to the A38 and Bristol Airport. The accommodation ..."
"A substantial Victorian residence, offering a great opportunity to acquire a unique 3/4 bedroom family home, in a popular position in Longwell Green. This property is being sold with no onward chain! The property is immaculately presented and offers sizeable proportions throughout, as well a..."
"Three-bedroom semi-detached property in need of modernisation, sold with no onward chain. The property is situated on a popular residential road a short stroll to Horfield Common with its tennis courts, community café and children’s play area and close to the popular Gloucester Road and..."
A rare opportunity to secure a red brick home offering sitting close to a raft of amenities
"""We have lived in Courtney Road for over 25 years. Our house has always been a very happy family home with a warm and welcoming atmosphere. The rooms are bright and spacious and have been perfect for our family living. We love the amount of storage space with built-in wardrobes in each bedro..."
"Located in the hamlet of Bridgeyate with views across neighbouring countryside is this attractive four bedroom detached family home. Offering well proportioned accommodation including a spacious kitchen/dining room, study and a master bedroom with an en-suite."
"With fantastic Harbourside views, this bright and spacious two double bedroom, two bathroom apartment is situated in one of Bristol’s premier waterside locations."
"Located on the popular Bilbie Green development in Keynsham is this stunning four bedroom detached family home, arranged over three floors. The property is immaculately presented throughout and benefits from a garage, driveway parking and a South facing rear garden. To the ground floor you will f..."
"A particularly spacious (122 square metres) 3 double bedroom, 2 bathroom top floor flat spanning the entire top floors of 159-161 Redland Road."
"CJ Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom, Victorian Mid-Terraced property in Bedminster."
"Set within one of the most sought after locations in Clifton, Victoria Square. A Grade II Listed 2nd floor flat featuring two bedrooms, a large sitting room and views over Victoria Park. "
"**OVER 1700 SQ FT** FOUR WELL PROPORTIONED BEDROOMS** FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS PLUS KITCHEN** The accommodation of this heavily extended, large family home briefly comprises of; porch, entrance hall, living room with double doors into the second reception room and dining room. Another set of doubl..."
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire this four bedroom detached family home, in need of some refurbishment, situated in a highly sought after road in Bradley Stoke. The property offers entrance hallway with WC, lounge with bay window, dining room with sliding patio door into the rear garden and a k..."
Cj Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three double bedroom terrace in the heart of Southville with NO ONWARDS CHAIN.
"Boasting an idyllic setting adjacent to open countryside and only a stones throw to Oldland High Street, this bespoke built four bedroom detached home offers versatile accommodation well suited to upsizing families. Internally the ground floor comprises of two interlinking reception ro..."
"A beautifully presented detached home in Whitchurch Village. Three DOUBLE bedrooms (formerly a four bed) the versatile accommodation in brief comprises, entrance porch, hallway, full length sitting / dining room with feature gas fireplace and French doors overlooking the rear garden. The beautifu..."
"NO STAMP DUTY OR CONVEYANCING FEES - Winford's Old Coach Station is a great opportunity to acquire a one year old home in an exclusive mixed development of 11 properties comprising two, three and four bedroom homes in the heart of a very popular village, just 7 miles from central Bristol."
"Built in 2011 this exclusive four bedroom detached home occupies an enviable position with an enclosed private garden, garage to the side and ample parking at the rear. the property has a pretty front garden enclosed by a low wall and leading to the front door. On entering the house there is a la..."
A spacious four bedroom terraced situated house in a highly-sought after area of Bedminster
"An impressive period family home located within easy reach of amenities. The accommodation comprises to the ground floor; entrance hall, cloakroom, four receptions & kitchen. To the first floor there are 4 bedrooms and a bathroom with roll top bath & shower cubicle. Other benefits include; mainly..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** Completely stunning family home or investment opportunity situated on a popular street in Cheswick Village. This house is brand new to the market and sure to be popular. Briefly comprising of entrance hall, downstairs WC, spacious lounge with doors leadi..."
"An imposing four bedroom detached 1637 sq ft home in need of updating, located moments from the Vibrant North Street."
"A very spacious penthouse apartment, with three double bedrooms, a large open-plan living room/kitchen, a private and very secluded roof terrace, lots of natural light, and allocated gated parking."
**DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY** An opportunity has arisen to purchase this three bedroom semi detached property with PLANNING PERMISSION GRANTED TO BUILD A THREE BEDROOM LINK DETACHED PROPERTY TO THE SIDE OF THE EXISTING HOUSE. Planning application number 21/04487/F. The property comprises: Entra...
"An opportunity has arisen to purchase this three bedroom semi detached property with PLANNING PERMISSION GRANTED TO BUILD A THREE BEDROOM LINK DETACHED PROPERTY TO THE SIDE OF THE EXISTING HOUSE. Planning application number 21/04487/F. The property comprises: Entrance porch, Entrance hall, cloa..."
"THREE BED home, OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING area, SEPARATE LOUNGE, two DOUBLE BEDROOMS & SINGLE/STUDY room, ENSUITE to main and separate FAMILY BATHROOM."
"THREE STOREY SEMI DETACHED home, OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING room, SEPARATE LOUNGE, two DOUBLE BEDROOMS and two SINGLE BEDROOMS with ENSUITE to main room and two further SEPARATE BATHROOMS."
"This modern style property is in a great location in the heart of Totterdown. This wonderful area is close to the city centre and access to Bristol Temple meads train station. There are many local amenities , parks and shops on your doorstep. The property boast 4 bedrooms arranged over 3 leve..."
"Matthews Estates are delighted to offer to the market this charming, characterful, three bedroomed Victorian, terraced house in one of the most favoured parts of Bristol. Hampden Road is enviably situated, on the borders of both Knowle and Totterdown, both of which are extremely popular for famil..."
Benefiting from no onward chain and far reaching views across the Severn Estuary and both bridges should make this property high up on most peoples viewing list. Properties of this nature and in this location rarely become available. This particular property has been in the same hands for approxi...
"Design-led attention to detail and specification-rich homes that maximise today’s open plan lifestyle are at the core of Charterhouse Yard. This exclusive development, with its own gated entrance, comprises two mews houses, five town houses and two coach houses, all with private roof ga..."
"Offered for sale with no upward chain is this three bedroom detached bungalow. The property offers lounge with separate dining room, kitchen with three bedrooms and shower room. Further benefits gardens to front and rear with additional parking and garage."
"Situated within the well regarded Wellsway School catchment area is this substantial 3 bedroom semi detached property. This ideal family home benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas fired central heating, 3 double bedrooms, master with en suite facilities, a good sized garage located at the botto..."
Hollis Morgan LAND | NEW HOMES - A Freehold DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY comprising an MOT GARAGE ( £30k pa ) with scope for a RESIDENTIAL SCHEME subject to consents.
Situated in a popular road in Keynsham within the well regarded Wellsway School catchment area is this 5 bedroom semi detached property. This ideal family home has a double storey extension providing a 2 bedroom annex (ideal for a dependant relative). The property benefits from uPVC double glaz...
"Taylors are proud to market this detached bungalow being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN. This sought after location is an ideal purchase and ready to put your own stamp on it. It benefits from lounge, dining room, kitchen, 3 bedrooms, bathroom, gas central heating, conservatory, car port, ga..."
"A beautiful and deceptively spacious period cottage offering versatile living accommodation, large gardens and a generous driveway to the front all within a short walk to Felton Common."
"The Foxgloves are located in a beautifully restored, Grade II listed building, boasting elegant high ceilings and wonderful stone work. Home 190 has a stunning Kitchen/Diner which benefits from two beautiful windows with deep reveals, as well as a separate sitting room to the rear w..."
"The Foxgloves are located in a beautifully restored, Grade II listed building, boasting high ceilings and wonderful deep window reveals. The stunning stonework makes for a truly unique home. This splendid four-bedroom home boasts a fantastic kitchen/diner complete with integrated a..."
"A golden opportunity to acquire this spacious (almost 800 sq ft) two double bedroom basement garden apartment set in the highly renowned & sought after Victoria Square in the heart of Clifton Village. An apartment of this nature, and in such a popular area is not likely to be on the mark..."
"Friezewood Road is located within the popular Ashton area of Bedminster, within close proximity of both cosmopolitan and vibrant North Street and Greville Smyth Park. Ashton is ideal for local schools, major transport links, Bristol Temple Meads and access to Bristol city centre. Offer..."
"Boasting three/four bedrooms is this recently modernised, charming, semi-detached bungalow with light and airy lounge/diner with sliding doors onto a 20m, south facing, garden."
Hollis Morgan - A charming and deceptively spacious three story Victorian home with rear garden which has been thoughtfully restored.
A Victorian home offering a smart blend of retained period features and fresh modern decor.
"A delightful 2 bedroom detached bungalow with ample off street parking situated on Maisemore Avenue in Patchway which has been well kept and modernised by the existing owners. The property boasts an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, 2 double bedrooms, conservatory/utility, shower room, outbui..."
"A semi-detached house, with apparent scope to extend (subject to obtaining permissions), set on a cul-de-sac corner plot which features a south-facing rear garden, a garage and additional off-street parking. If the adjoining driveway also belongs to the house, maybe there's development potential?"
"""We moved into our house as a new build three years ago. The tall ceilings and large windows mean the rooms are bright and airy even on a winter’s day. We have particularly enjoyed long sunny evenings in the south facing garden which we designed and planted ourselves. Since moving in we’ve had o..."
"Offering a prime location in Lyde Green within quiet cul-de-sac with green outlook this immaculate Taylor Wimpey built detached home. Comprising: 4 bedrooms, lounge, kitchen/diner, cloakroom, bathroom & en-suite. Benefiting from having a fantastic landscaped garden laid to artificial lawn, large ..."
"A FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM, detached family home situated in Whitchurch Village on the former Horseworld site in a cul-de-sac built by Bellway Homes in 2018. The well proportioned accommodation comprises, entrance hall with storage cupboard, downstairs cloakroom, sitting room with windows to the front..."
A rare opportunity to buy a property on Warren Close as this cul-de-sac location detached home comes to market. The property boasts space and privacy. Internally there is an entrance hall with WC and cloakroom space leading through into a bay fronted lounge of which is very versatile....
"Faye Close is an exclusive new build development comprising of only four 4 bed detached houses. The development is nestled within a cul-de-sac setting on the edge of Bridgeyate and Warmley, offering easy access to Siston Common, perfect for those family strolls or taking the dog out for a walk. T..."
"Exceptional 2 bedroom apartment on the fourth floor with south westerly harbour view, three roof terraces and allocated parking."
SUPERB FAMILY HOME!! FIVE BEDROOMS!! SEMI DETACHED!! ENVIABLE POSITION BORDERING WARMLEY AND BRIDGEYATE!! ACCESS TO SCHOOLS!! UTILITY & W.C!! BACKING ON TO BRISTOL/BATH CYCLE PATH!! GARAGE & PARKING!! This greatly enhanced and extended five bedroom semi detached family home nestling on the Warmle...
"A golden opportunity to acquire this beautifully refurbished 4 bedroom detached family home, set in a quiet side road in this popular development, which borders the wide expanse of the Blaise Estate. Offered to the market with the benefit of no onward chain. This delightful family home has r..."
Hollis Morgan – APRIL LIVE ONLINE AUCTION - A Freehold LARGE SEMI DETACHED HOUSE ( 2838 Sq Ft ) in need of BASIC UPDATING with scope for FAMILY HOME with ANNEX or HMO INVESTMENT.
A wonderful family home located on the ever popular 'Field Farm Close' within the Parish of Stoke Gifford. A cul-de-sac location where the home boasts a promising position.
"A wonderful 1930's style semi detached double bay fronted property set within close proximity to Eastville Park, Royate Hill Allotments and The Bristol and Bath Cycle Path. Well presented throughtout and with a peaceful and tranquil rear south facing rear garden offering fantastic views!"
" A fantastic 4 bedroom semi detached family home positioned on an enviable plot at the beginning of a popular cul-de-sac in Stoke Bishop, BS9. The house offers generous square footage and great scope and potential, being that it is on a sizeable corner plot. With local schools including Stoke Bi..."
An exceptional 2 bedroom apartment on the fourth floor with beautiful westerly water views down the floating harbour with Ashton Court beyond.
"UNIQUE DETACHED BUNGALOW!! MODERN BUILD & DESIGN!! FOUR BEDROOMS!! CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION!! ECO BUILD TRIPLE GLAZING & UNDERFLOOR HEATING!! MASTER BEDROOM WITH EN-SUITE!! WOOD BURNING STOVE!! DRIVEWAY FOR PARKING!! Built as a modern new build approx 2018, this superb four bedroom detached eco bunga..."
"Last remaining 3 bedroom terrace house set within the ever popular development of The Chocolate Factory, Greenbank. Book your appointment now to view the show home "
" AVAILABLE NOW - Three bedroom new build, terraced home with roof terrace, integral garage and EV charging point. "
"A SPACIOUS house in Longwell Green, available CHAIN FREE with TENANTS in situ for IMMEDIATE investment, welcoming INVESTORS only. Call to enquire! Bettermove are delighted to welcome to the market this charming four bedroom semi-detached house in Longwell Green, available with..."
"A superbly appointed end terrace, three bedroom family home benefits from an attractive rear garden, ample driveway parking, detached garage and situated in a sought-after location on the Westbury-on-Trym / Henleaze borders. Viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate this home. Ca..."
"""This is a happy home, most notable for its impressive views of Victoria Park, the city and surrounding hills. During our eight years here, we’ve lovingly updated the house, including creating a new wetroom and enlarging the windows to maximise the view and natural light. From here, you can see t..."
"Hunters Estate Agents are thrilled to present to the sale market this wonderful example of a three bedroom, detached bungalow on the ever popular St Martins Gardens Development. Peacefully tucked away just off St Martins Road, this home provides spacious living across one floor, accompanied by st..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain and located within an established modern development is this detached four bedroom home which we are sure will appeal to the growing family. Benefits include PVCu double glazing, gas central heating, enclosed gardens, a garage and ample off street parking. Th..."
"An end of terrace Victorian home located at the end of the QUIET and desirable Copse Road! Offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN, the accommodation on the ground floor has exposed floor boards throughout and comprises an entrance hall, a light & airy sitting room with a log burner and integrated sliding d..."
"THE PROPERTY MISDESCRIPTIONS ACT 1991 The Agent has not tested any apparatus, equipment, fixtures and fittings or services and so cannot verify that they are in working order or fit for purpose. A Buyer is advised to obtain verification from their Solicitor or Surveyor. References to the Tenure o..."
A handsome double bay fronted period home situated on one of Keynsham's most sought after roads. This four bedroom property benefits from several improvements although offers potential for those looking to add their mark to a delightful home. Internally the property retains many original...
"We present this original style three/four bedroom detached modern home offered with no onward complicated chain. The well presented interior comprises entrance hall, ground floor cloakroom, built in storage cupboards, living room, open plan kitchen/diner and integrated side garage. On the first f..."
"This highly desirable Redrow design modern three bedroom semi detached home, located on this select development within Frenchay and close to a number of large open green spaces, including Stoke Park and Frenchay Common, as well as a number of local amenities and commuter routes. This light and ai..."
"This substantial and well-proportioned Georgian terraced house (1,945 sq. ft.) is bursting with potential and could be turned into an incredible 5-bedroom family. In need of internal modernisation and positioned in the quiet Brook Road cul-de-sac"
"A very well-presented and spacious, top floor, two bedroom flat with private parking located in Bartholomews Square, on the doorstep of Gloucester Road."
"STYLISH ECO-HOME - Highly individual oak framed eco-friendly house is ready to move into. Features include partial triple glazing, solar and thermal panels, air source heat pump plus excellent insulation. Three double bedrooms, cloakroom, bathroom and en suite. Large lounge with 5kw log burner, f..."
"A spacious period semi detached home overlooking Downend Cricket Ground and located just a short walk from the amenities and facilities of Badminton Road. Two spacious reception rooms with bay windows, a modern bespoke kitchen with appliances, three good size bedrooms and a floored and boarded at..."
"Set in an extremely sought after location on the borders of Henleaze & Westbury on Trym this fantastic family home will appeal to many buyers that want the benefit of three traditional local High Streets less than a mile from the doorstep. Offered with no onward chain, viewings are available as s..."
"IMMACULATELY PRESENTED - A quirky and homely cottage set in a hidden location on the outskirts of Barrow Gurney. The property also benefits from pretty, well stocked gardens, gated off street parking, and a couple of outbuildings. EPC rating E."
"This stunning architecturally designed, bespoke detached mews house can be found in a quiet location in Cotham, in close proximity to the ever-popular Gloucester Road."
"CJ Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this four bedroom, Victorian terraced family home in Victoria Park, being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"This first floor, two bedroom dual aspect apartment has a large open plan kitchen/living room with south-facing balcony with stunning views. The main bedroom has fitted double wardrobes and an en suite with walk-in shower. "
"VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST. This family detached home is sure to impress all who view. It is generous in size and offers four nice and useable bedrooms, a feature en-suite to the master, downstairs WC, spacious kitchen/breakfast room and now that the garage has been converted to a room, ..."
"Looking for a modern build in a sought after cul-de-sac? This home is presented well and is ready for any buyer to simply move straight in. The advantage is clear here, a family home in a quiet location of a bustling town, just a stone's throw from Parkway Train Station. Shops, schools and..."
"An impressive first floor apartment within the main building on this grand estate. Built in 1802 Repton Hall has an absorbing history, believed to be designed by Humphry Repton a notable landscape designer, it now houses luxurious apartments and forms part of the Brentry conservation area."
"An immaculate two bedroom apartment with a private terrace and harbourside views. The accommodation is entirely level and enjoys lift access. A prominent feature of this immaculate apartment is the open plan kitchen/breakfast and reception area. With engineered oak flooring, a feature found thro..."
"A unique and private plot available for viewings immediately on the ever popular road, The Coppice. This bungalow is offered with no onwards chain. With a beautiful curb appeal and internally boasting three double bedrooms. Bedroom 1 is bay fronted with lots of integrated storage and ..."
"Nestled within in a desirable cul-de-sac location is this suburb extended four bedroom detached home. The property backs on to Willsbridge Mill with a beautiful. woodland back drop. The property is ideally positioned for easy access to nearby schools, shops and amenities, as well as transport lin..."
"Plot 12 - NEW RELEASE. The Haw Wood, is a unique collection of just 30 contemporary, ECO-EFFICIENT properties, in a woodland setting. Stunning design and spacious open plan living. Homes will be SAP rated A, net zero energy efficiency. SHOWHOME COMING SOON "
The Elliston is a 4-bedroom home designed to appeal to growing families looking for a little extra space.
"The Roseberry is a detached home with an integral garage and a living room with double doors leading to an open-plan kitchen/diner. There’s a utility room, cloakroom and three very useful storage cupboards. Bedroom one is en suite and the landing leads on to three further bedrooms and a bathroom."
"This well-laid out three-bedroom townhouse overlooks landscaped communal gardens, and also benefits from its own patio and a first-floor terrace accessed from the separate living room."
"Located in the heart of Westbury on Trym Village is this delightful period home. The accommodation spans three floors, has three bedrooms, two reception rooms, 14'5 x 12'8 kitchen/breakfast room. Shower room and bathroom."
"A vast three double bedroom, two sun terrace apartment offered to the market in superb condition and benefitting for a double garage with no onward chain. "
"Charming, characterful and stylish are among some of the few words to describe this stone built Grade II listed cottage, a truly rare property to be presented to the BS11 market."
"High specification, new build home boasting 3 bedrooms, home office & strong eco credentials."
Over 1200sq ft of flexible accommodation just 0.6 miles away from the vibrant North Street
"Ground floor, one bedroom flat with courtyard on the popular Bath road. Period style lounge. Walking distance to a good range of shops, parks and the River Avon. Near to Totterdown, the Black castle and Temple Meads train station."
"CJ Hole are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom semi-detached 1950’s style home in the popular road of Bush Avenue. The property is conveniently located for Parkway train station, local schools including St Michael’s primary school, green open spaces of Forty Acres Natur..."
"Myrtle Cottage is simply one of the most delightful and characterful cottages within the villages of Pill and Easton-In-Gordano. Thought to be dating back to the 1720s, and having been previously owned by the pilot of the SS Great Britain on its maiden voyage, the detached principle cottage featu..."
CHAIN FREE - A beautiful and spacious four bedroom home with off street parking and a fantastic garden. This modern family home also has scope for an annexe. EPC rating B.
"Charborough Road is a quiet residential street that sits within the extremely popular surroundings of Filton Park. The area is made up of mostly Victorian, 1920's and 1930's properties, with some more modern homes too. This property is a short walk away from the popular Monks Park and Elm Park, p..."
"On the ground floor you have the entrance hallway with access into the integral garage, Study room / 4th bedroom, a separate cloakroom/wc and access into the rear garden. First floor: Open-plan lounge/ dining room with picture windows front & back and a separate fitted kitchen overlookin..."
"A modern harbourside home with panoramic views, balcony and parking."
"Situated in a spacious corner plot, this semi detached home offers well proportioned rooms throughout with the added benefit of a full depth side extension that could be used as annexe accommodation for a dependent relative. Internally the ground floor consists of a welcome entrance ha..."
This hall floor apartment benefits from light and space throughout and is finished to a very high standard. The spacious private garden to the rear is a rare find and certainly adds to the desirability of this wonderful property.
"An extended and enhanced three bedroom semi detached home that is situated within a popular residential cul-de-sac and boasts modern, spacious accommodation well suited to upsizing families. Internally the ground floor consists of a useful porch which leads to a welcoming entrance hallw..."
"Prime location within Downend overlooking open green this immaculately presented bungalow. The spacious accommodation comprises: lounge, kitchen/diner, 3 bedrooms, bathroom & shower room. Offering good size gardens, garage and driveway providing ample off street parking."
"Situated in the increasingly popular suburb of Bishopsworth on the south side of Bristol, this exciting five bedroom end of terrace house can be found. With multiple reception rooms, modern décor and large square footage, this property is not to be missed"
"A very well presented and fully renovated three double bedroom family home, in Stoke Bishop in a quiet location with spacious and bright open plan kitchen/living room, South East facing garden and communal off-street parking."
"A stunning detached residence offering a fantastic opportunity to acquire a beautiful, extended home in a desirable cul de sac location in Barrs Court. The property is immaculately presented throughout and offers a wealth of space."
"The Oxford is the ultimate family home, offering four bedrooms together with flexible living spaces. In the popular town house style, its kitchen diner and separate living room are situated on first floor, while the garage and a bedroom (or perhaps a home office, or games room) are on ..."
"The Hexham is the ideal family home, a four bedroom property spread over three floors. The top floor hosts the main bedroom with en suite along with a second double bedroom and bathroom. The two bedrooms on the first floor share a family bathroom, with each of the bedrooms being genero..."
"A stunning two bedroom split level apartment situated on the second floor (with lift access) of this historic landmark building, boasting an impressive mezzanine, concierge and allocated off-street parking."
"Situated on ever popular Somerset Road within the heart of the community with it's many local amenities including independent shops & eateries, parks and Hillcrest Primary School is this substantial period home. Spacious and light, the property briefly comprises of an entrance hallway, sitting ro..."
"Situated in an elevated position with stunning views across to Dundry and surrounding countryside, this two bedroom property boasts charm and character. "
"Brought to the market with no onward chain, is this well-proportioned, four bedroom Victorian home which offers much potential, set in a much desired tree lined road."
"A spacious 4 Bedroom Detached home which is pleasantly tucked away in the cul-de-sac, and offers a southerly facing garden."
"Hollis Morgan – MARCH LIVE ONLINE AUCTION - A Freehold BLOCK OF 4 FLATS ( 1496 Sq Ft ) in good order FULLY LET producing an INCOME of £35,640 pa with SCOPE TO INCREASE."
"We present this new to the market classic double bayed mid terrace house arranged over three levels set in a popular and sought after Queensholm Crescent location. The spacious and stylish interior comprises entrance porch, hallway, kitchen, lounge, dining room and rear conservatory. On the first..."
"CJ Hole are pleased to bring to the market this four bedroom detached family home in the ever popular location of Bradley Stoke North. Tucked away in a cul-de-sac location with access to local schools such as Holy Trinity Primary, St Chad’s Patchway CofE Primary and SGS Pegasus School all w..."
"“We loved the location by the river and being able to see the river activity from our window and balcony. The apartment is always so full of light, in the summer windows wide hearing the buzz and in winter, super cosy and warm. The close proximity to local eateries and walk to the city centre and..."
"Situated in a prime Clifton location on a highly sought after road close to Whiteladies Road and Clifton Village. A completely unique and grand one double bedroom hall floor flat (circa 850 sq. ft.) set within a stunning Victorian building. Rarely seen to the market, the flat benefits from sole..."
"OFFERS ARE INVITED BETWEEN £425,000 & £475,000. A two bedroom top floor apartment spanning the full width of this grand, Grade II Listed house within an iconic Clifton Terrace. The apartment requires complete modernisation and refurbishment and will therefore suit an incoming purchaser that seeks..."
A modern three storey townhouse with two off road parking spaces and a 40ft garden. On the ground floor the well presented accommodation comprises a living room with glazed doors easily connecting the garden. The room is neutrally decorated and has room for both sitting and dining. The k...
"Tucked in this sought after cul-de-sac position sits this four bedroom detached home with a generous rear garden providing plenty of scope to extend if required (subject to obtaining the necessary planning permission). Internally the immaculate accommodation comprises hallway, cloakroom, living r..."
"This wonderfully unique two bedroom loft style apartment unfolds over the third floor and fourth floor within one of Bristol's most iconic industrial buildings. The apartment is created over 1,600 sq ft of carefully considered and open-plan space, where modern interventions complement an existing..."
An extended and much improved five bedroom semi detached house located on a popular road in Winterbourne close to local schools and amenities.
"A beautifully presented and spacious (104 sq.m/1119 sq.ft) contemporary ground floor apartment with a wealth of character features, set within this landmark building directly overlooking the water in the heart of Bristol."
"Wow!! A truly exceptional example of a Victorian home, lovingly restored and hugely improved by its current owners - this is definitely a home worth seeing!"
"This 3 bedroom semi-detached family home situated in a sought-after area within Downend comes with off-street parking, a garage and a separate workshop with rear access."
"Sitting nicely on a corner plotted position at the end of Foxe Road and the corner of Brookside Drive, & opposite the Frome Valley Walkway, allowing you easy access for afternoon strolls, dog walks, bike rides or nipping off for a cheeky pint at The Globe. The property is also perf..."
"Phenomenal waterside views, natural light and terrace access are all encompassing in this city centre apartment that offers private parking and no onward chain."
EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME!! GARAGE!! CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION!! EN-SUITE!! KITCHEN/DINER!! BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED!! Blue Sky are proud to offer for sale this superb detached family home located on the ever popular cul-de-sac of Roy King Gardens in Warmley. The property is ideally located clos...
"CJ Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this excellent family home situated in the heart of Ashton, being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
We are delighted to welcome to the market this extended family home - Located within the popular village of Hallen with the countryside on your doorstep and Bristol city centre an easy commute away. This super home has been tastefully updated by the current owners and now offers spacious and flex...
Connells are pleased to present to the market this1930's 3 bedroom semi detached property on a generous level corner plot with lawned gardens to three sides and driveway to a detached timber garage. Sure to be popular as this home offers huge potential.
"A well-presented four bedroom link detached property situated close to Manor Playing Fields in Keynsham. This ideal family home is situated in Nunney Close which is within the sought after Wellsway School catchment area. The property also benefits from a single garage with driveway, enclosed re..."
"Outstanding cityscape views, 4 great size bedrooms and situated just a stroll from wooded walks, Holymead Schools and the cafe and bars on Sandy Park Road, what more could you ask for! A spacious period terrace having just been refurbished and offering open plan lounge dining room, a modern r..."
"Sat at the end of Mivart Street in Easton sits Remerton House. A well presented and sizable property featuring double bay frontage, converted loft room/bedroom as well as three superb sized bedrooms and stylish bathroom. The property is ideally located with the ever popular and renowned St Marks..."
"Michael Nicholas are delighted to offer this imposing 1930's semi detached family home, which is set in a cul-de-sac location. The property briefly comprises of entrance porch, hallway,..."
"When it’s all about location, this 3-bedroom semi-detached family house is situated in the heart of Westbury village and overlooking the Trym. The property itself consists of Entrance hallway, Lounge area with bay window and fireplace, leading through into the dining room area with its rear..."
"An exceptional, modern semi detached, three bedroom home on the extremely popular cul-de-sac Thornfield Road."
"This immaculately presented, four bedroom home is arranged over three floors boasting with a full-width lounge with French doors onto a charming sunny garden."
"A stylish, modern and spacious townhouse in a fantastic convenient location."
Being SOLD WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN. A superb opportunity to put your own stamp on a property. This three bedroom mid terrace house is right in the heart of BS3 and only a short walk from all the amenities of North Street as well as walkable distance to the City Centre and Temple Meads. In need of s...
"Offered for sale with a complete chain, is this beautifully presented, three/four bedroom, family home situated within a popular development, boasting garage and off street parking."
"Located on a sought after and community road within the heart of St George, walking distance of St George's Park and Troopers Hill Nature Reserve greenery, the vibrant Church Road amenities and commuting routes to the City Centre sits this well presented and spacious three bedroom family home; id..."
Three bedroom Victorian terrace family home.
"A truly rare opportunity to purchase, two bedroom detached bungalow tucked away in quiet position betwixt Kellaway Avenue and Russell Grove on the borders of Henleaze and Westbury Park. The accommodation is arranged as; Entrance hall, living room, two bedrooms and bathroom. Living room t..."
"An immaculately presented four bedroomed detached family home on the sought after Pavilions development in Southmead featuring generous accommodation, en suite facilities, downstairs cloakroom, utility room, single garage, allocated parking and attractive rear garden."
An immaculately presented three bedroom Victorian terraced house occupying a sought-after location on Windmill Hill.
"CJ Hole are delighted to offer to the marketed this two double bedrooms ground floor apartment. Located within the beautiful 19th century ‘Repton Hall’ which is a Grade II listed, private, gated development. Conveniently located off of Charlton Road with close proximity to the shops a..."
"Wonderfully located and versatile, 3/4 bedroom mid terrace property arranged over 4 floors in an elevated position in the heart of Totterdown offering quite stunning views to the rear across the City. Benefitting from many local community amenities, shops and the gorgeous Victoria Park practicall..."
"A striking 4 bed, DETACHED family home ticking all the boxes. Whitchurch Village location with garage and parking. Get ready to step into the warm hug of this home."
"The unrivalled location of this two double bedroom, two bathroom, spacious and luxurious, duplex apartment, overlooking the bustling thoroughfare of Pero's Bridge has stood proudly over the Floating Harbour since 1855. The exterior has been sympathetically modernized, this loft style apartmen..."
"Nestled within Warmley this beautifully presented, extended four bedroom family home is a must see. Set in a cul-de-sac location offering easy access to nearby shops for your day to day needs along with access to retail parks and Kingswood High Street that provides a wide and varied choice of sho..."
Hollis Morgan – MARCH LIVE ONLINE AUCTION – A Freehold DETACHED 3 BED HOUSE ( 1150 Sq Ft ) with GARDEN and COURTYARD in need of some BASIC UPDATING.
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** Set on a desirable road in Bromley Heath, this fantastic family home will be popular! Briefly comprising of, entrance hallway, lounge with bay window, modern kitchen/breakfast room, dining room with patio doors leading to the conservatory which also has a..."
"Extending to approx. 1233 sq. ft of elegant internal accommodation, this remarkable first floor period apartment is positioned just moments from the highly desirable Durdham Downs. With a wonderful blend of contemporary style alongside classic Victorian features, the property comprises two notabl..."
"**PART EXCHANGE GUARANTEE AVAILABLE** SPACIOUS home with open plan kitchen and French doors to the garden. EN SUITE main bedroom, two further double bedrooms and a single. Comes with garage and parking. Plot 192 | The Kingsley | Blackberry Park | Barratt Homes. Full description:
This four bedro..."
"CJ Hole Bishopsworth are delighted to present this beautifully presented, new build home in Headley Park, being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
With just under 1800sq ft of living space this stunning family home is not one to be missed! Carly Hales of NEXA Bristol is delighted to Bring to the market this well balanced four-bedroom town house located at Bitton Mill. Situated in the heart of the delightful village of in South Gloucestershi...
"A delightful three bedroom modern townhouse set in the popular and friendly Royal Victoria Park development with the benefit of a garage/utility, allocated parking, and a private garden. The flexible accommodation is set over three floors with on the ground floor access to the garage / u..."
Offered with no chain this light spacious first floor apartment has allocated undercroft parking. Living acommodation overlooking the well maintained communal gardens.
The property features a lounge through to a dining room. Conservatory. The separate kitchen with access into a utility room with a doors leading onto the rear garden and garage and off street parking. With Blaise Castle just 0.3 mile away. Good access to the M4/M5 motorway links and Cribbs C...
"An extended corner plot semi detached property offered versatile and deceptively spacious accommodation through out. The accommodation comprises: Entrance hallway, bedroom 5 / second reception room , lounge/diner, kitchen, utility area, cloakroom, conservatory and further separate dining room al..."
"Parks Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this spacious 1930's style detached family home on popular Pool Road in Kingswood. Close to local amenities and eithin easy reach of Lees Hill playing field, this well presented home would make an impressive first time purchase or suit a household..."
"A beautifully finished two bedroom apartment with a spacious private balcony, surrounded by landscaping."
"A CHAIN FREE, immaculately presented semi-detached home coming to the market for the first time in 38 years! A forever home ready and waiting for its new family."
A 2 bedroom apartment within the front facing building at McArthur's Yard on the third floor with delightful water views and 2 balconies.
"A superb four bedroom end of terrace property ideally located overlooking Greenbank Park and within close proximity to local schools. Just some highlights include a stunning and expansive kitchen/diner with additional reception room, en suite, south west facing garden and driveway."
"A superb detached bungalow offered in excellent condition throughout that benefits from parking and a detached garage all located on a generous plot in a quiet cul-de-sac location. Call, Click or Come in and visit our experienced sales team Local Authority: Bristol City Council..."
"An extended 5 bed family home that will have you ticking all your boxes! Open plan kitchen/diner/snug, separate lounge, downstairs shower room and gorgeous garden!"
"Offered to the market with no onward chain is this modern style, three bedroom, three storey townhouse, located in much desired Montpelier, tucked within a walled development."
"Vendor Comment ""We have loved living on Charlotte St - a secret gem of a street tucked between the hustle and bustle of Park St and the green oasis of Brandon Park. We’ve eaten more pizzas and drunk more coffees than either of us would care to number and enjoyed countless strolls aroun..."
"CJ Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this two double bedroom, Victorian terrace in Victoria Park with NO ONWARDS CHAIN"
CJ Hole Southville are pleased to welcome to the sales market this two bedroom property located in Windmill Hill. 
A stunning seventh floor apartment found in superb condition throughout and benefiting from phenomenal views over the Downs and two private garages.
"A beautifully presented and light 2 double bedroom garden flat set within an impressive Art Deco building in Royal Park, Clifton Village."
"An ideal home for busy family life, this wonderful semi-detached home has five bedrooms, elegant proportions and simply exudes character."
"Well-presented four bedroom end-of-terrace property within close proximity to Cribbs Causeway and the motorway networks. This property is situated on a quiet residential road close to Blaise Castle Estate and Cribbs Causeway, with its vast shopping mall, cinema, bowling arcade and many e..."
"A beautifully finished two bedroom apartment with a spacious private terrace, surrounded by landscaping."
A practical and extremely well-located 3 bedroom 2 storey family home situated in a peaceful cul-de-sac in the heart of Westbury-on-Trym village. Further benefiting from a level 25ft x 18ft westerly facing rear garden and a single garage. Bright and welcoming accommodation arranged over 2 floo...
"This stunning Victorian home is presented to exceptionally stylish standards. The open-plan living space complements the well presented kitchen leading ultimately to the garden. The bedrooms are spacious and the bathroom is notably impressive. All within this stylish, light and bright space."
"Holbrook Moran are pleased to bring to market this spacious double bay fronted, end of terrace, Victorian house. With two large reception rooms, three double bedrooms, and ample space to grow, being so close to local schools, green spaces and Church Road, this would make for a fantastic family home!"
"** PLEASE INTERACT WITH OUR MARKET LEADING VIRTUAL TOUR** A fantastic opportunity for the builder/investor to purchase this extremely versatile detached house, which lends itself for further development potential. Plus planning permission to build a two bedroom detached house to the side. The exi..."
"Located in 'The Common', North Bristol, this fantastic family home is nestled between the popular residential areas of Bradley Stoke and Stoke Lodge, therefore benefiting from all the bustling towns have to offer, including supermarkets, multiple pubs, Harvester Restaurant, doctors surger..."
"RARE & EXCITING OPPORTUNITY to purchase this shop unit AND attached, 3 bedroom house right in the heart of Totterdown, on the A37 Wells Road itself. With space for 2 vehicles at the front of the property, this really is one lucky purchasers' chance to run and live alongside their business or of c..."
"A very well presented extended semi-detached house tucked away in a convenient position close to Patchway train station, Little Stoke park and an array of other amenities. Holy Family Catholic Primary school which is only a few minutes’ walk away and rated ‘Good’ at last inspect..."
"An attractive semi-detached property with ‘kerb appeal’ aplenty presents the perfect opportunity for those looking for a spacious, executive style residence. With three bedrooms and well balanced accommodation laid out over two floors, we are sure it will appeal to an array of potential buyers."
A beautifully presented large & extended six bedroom end of terraced family home situated in the popular Bishopsworth area. This property would be perfect for a family with its ample living space and being positioned perfectly for local schools and amenities. The property is set across three flo...
Viewing Recommended - A waterfront penthouse apartment enjoying far reaching views over the attractive floating harbour and beyond to the Dundry Hills from most rooms. This spacious and light apartment forms one of the impressive penthouses within The Crescent development and has a private balcon...
"***£1,000 PER MONTH MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION FOR UP TO 12 MONTHS^*** The Cartwright extends across three floors and has four bedrooms - one of which has an en suite - a stylish family bathroom, a second-floor shower room, an open-plan kitchen and dining area, and a separate living room."
"An extended five bedroom end of terrace family home is situated on a quiet residential road in Brislington, the property enjoys great transport links into the City Centre via Bath Road and offers easy access to the City beyond via the Ring Road."
"This stunning and luxurious apartment offers stylish chic and the perfect blend of modern contemporary finish alongside period charm. Here we find two double bedrooms, wonderful living space, and premium bathroom alongside superb light and views. The desirable location is the 'icing on the cake'."
"Set just off of the Durdham Downs, a spacious top floor apartment designed and built by the renowned Benson Brothers. Occupying the entire top floor of this well managed building, the apartment enjoys a pleasant green outlook from all windows whilst the balcony offers views towards the downs. ..."
"A stunning Redrow Homes built semi detached home located within the prestigious Frenchay Park development. Beautifully presented living accommodation comprising: lounge, open plan kitchen/diner with integrated appliances, cloakroom, 3 bedrooms, master en-suite & bathroom. Further benefiting from ..."
A beautifully finished two bedroom apartment with a private balcony.
*** NO ONWARD CHAIN *** A stunning two double bedroom third floor apartment situated in New Retort House on Bristol's picturesque harbourside.
"A well-presented and modern townhouse located on St Lucia Crescent with great access to Horfield Leisure Centre and Horfield Common. Built in 2012 and providing flexible accommodation over three floors, this well looked after home consists of three double bedrooms, a south facing garden and a pri..."
"Situated on Worrell Road you will find this beautifully presented three bedroom 'Ludlow' property in the popular Redrow development of Frenchay Gardens. The property is semi-detached with driveway parking for two cars. This home comprises of lounge, open plan kitchen/diner with integrated applian..."
"Extended Four Bedroom Detached Home set within popular Emersons Green! Lounge, Kitchen/Diner, Extra Reception Area, Downstairs Guest Cloakroom, Family Bathroom, Utility Area, en-suite to Master Suite. Gardens, Off Street Parking"
"Brought to the market with no onward chain, is this modern three storey townhouse, offering versatile accommodation with potential for five bedrooms, located with terrific access to the city centre. "
"A freehold block of three well-presented, self-contained flats, situated in a popular residential location in Filton. The flats are fully-let producing £36,300 per annum and all benefit from modern kitchens/bathrooms, gas central heating and double glazing. There is a driveway to the front prov..."
"A substantial four storey period building arranged as a 6-bedroom HMO. The property would benefit from refurbishment and offers a potential rental income of circa £54,000 per annum, following the renovation. A range of nearby local amenities are available on Ashley Road/Mina Road and easy acces..."
An absolutely stunning FOUR BEDROOM semi detached property in STOKE LODGE that is both spacious and light throughout with loads of living space and a detached garden room with HOT TUB. Very well presented throughout this BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME is situated in a quiet location yet close to local ame...
"A two-bedroom terraced home with a south-facing rear garden and sold with no onward chain. Located on a quiet residential road in the heart of Bishopston, close to Gloucester Road and its many popular amenities, the property is near great schools including Bishop Road Primary School and ..."
"Located within Derwent Grove, a popular cul de sac on the Wellsway side of town that is within close proximity to Town Centre amenities, nearby bus routes and Waitrose supermarket, this three bedroom detached bungalow sits within a delightful corner plot and is well suited to downsizers who are l..."
"“Over the last six years, we've really made this house our home. We love having the garden which is our little slice of oasis in the middle of the city, particularly over the recent manic years of lockdowns! Our neighbours make this place extra special and we've truly made friends for life over t..."
A superb location situated in the sought after village of 'Easter Compton' offering a great aspect with parking and garage. The property offers an attractive layout and modern decor.
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A lovely three-bedroom detached family home, occupying a supremely convenient position, close to the many excellent local amenities and schools of Backwell. EPC rating D."
"An attractive bay fronted semi detached property situated within the well regarded Wellsway School catchment area and within easy reach of shops and amenities. This lovely family home benefits from a generously sized rear garden, ample off street parking, uPVC double glazing and gas fired centra..."
"An extremely well presented and spacious, circa 965sq.ft. (inclusive of balcony), 2 double bedroom, 2 bath/ shower room first floor apartment with a southerly facing balcony, lift access and secure covered parking. Set at the rear of this purpose-built apartment block with views over the extensiv..."
New to the market is this 3 Bedroom Semi-detached Redrow home finished to its Ludlow design. Offering an abundance of space through out this property and only built in 2019 this property is offered with 7 years still remaining on the NHBC.
"Modern style townhouse set in a convenient locality offering well proportioned accommodation over three levels. With lounge/diner, kitchen and w.c to the ground floor, there are two bedrooms and a bathroom to the first floor plus a master suite to the second floor. With an enclosed rear courtyard"
"A substantial semi-detached residence offering a fantastic opportunity to acquire a family home in a convenient location on Ellacombe Road, in the heart of Longwell Green. Offering generous proportions throughout, the property offers a wealth of space and great potential for someone looking to pu..."
"A golden opportunity to acquire this well appointed two double bedroomed detached bungalow with gardens, driveway parking and garage all situated within this highly regarded and seldom available cul-de-sac position off of Shirehampton High Street. Properties in this condition and in this..."
A charming three bedroom Victorian terraced house situated within a short walk of vibrant North Street - offered to the market with no onward chain.
This unique three bedroom new build property is ideally situated next to Ashley Street Park and close to Mina Road Park and the wealth of local amenities that St. Werburghs offers
"A beautifully presented house in a cul de sac location that has been much improved by the current owner. Comprising entrance hall, modern style kitchen, good size lounge/dining room & modern style conservatory creating more living space, two double bedrooms & modern style bathroom."
"263 Paintworks can be accessed through a landscaped pedestrian promenade with greenery and street lighting. The property is very well kept, and the accommodation comprises of; Hallway that leads to an open plan kitchen with French doors opening into the garden. The property has four bedrooms, a f..."
A large Edwardian terrace on Hampstead Road in need of updating throughout but full of period charm and potential offered with no onward chain.
Carly Hales @ Nexa Bristol presents this beautiful four-bedroom family home located at the heart of Bitton Mill .. A stunning town house by Messrs. Linden Homes 2019 will not disappoint! This property is perfect for the modern family or if your simply looking for that extra space!. 
"Located on the popular Belvoir Road in the heart of St Andrews is this stylish and individual two double bedroom maisonette. Occupying the first and top floor of this imposing semi-detached Victorian building, the property retains many of its period character and charm whilst enjoying panora..."
"""Living in BS5 ourselves, we have seen first-hand how Whitehall, St George, Crews Hole and Easton have all rapidly grown in popularity in the last few years to become some of the most vibrant and trendiest neighbourhoods in Bristol. The Woodbines fit handsomely into their surroundings with a mix ..."
"This lovely THREE DOUBLE BEDFROOM in BS3 is nicely situated for local amenities including shops, schools and transport links all nearby. Well presented throughout this property is bright and spacious and will be a popular choice for many. The accommodation briefly comprises porch, entrance hall..."
"You do not want to miss the opportunity to view this three bedroom semi-detached home, with huge amounts of potential internally and externally ready to turn a house into a home!"
"A very large and superbly presented 2 bedroom garden flat with allocated off street parking and located on a hugely popular residential street, a stones throw from Whiteladies Road and within walking distance of the city centre, the BRI and Durdham Downs."
"A pretty brick fronted home with a 50ft southerly facing garden. The accommodation on the ground floor comprises two open plan reception rooms with a stripped wood floor, double glazed windows and an interconnecting archway. The front is used as a living room, while the rear works well a..."
"This spacious ground floor flat is situated within the renowned Clifton Village and benefits from all of its delightful boutique shops, cafes and restaurants being on its doorstep. Clifton village is one of the most sought-after areas and has long been one of the most desirable spots in the city...."
Andrews is proud to offer a three bedroom semi detached family home benefitting from a garage and being sold with no onward chain.
CJ Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three storey terrace property in Ashton. 
"A 1930's style which is located to near to Wellsway School, Chandag Schools and local amenities. A lovely family home offering an entrance hall, spacious lounge/diner, kitchen/breakfast room and wet room. To the first floor there are 4 double bedrooms. Corner plot garage and 2 driveways. NO CHAIN"
"A stunning 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom, second floor apartment boasting a wealth of modern design, and offering allocated underground parking, communal gardens and prime location in the heart of Bristol."
"'I'm really going to miss the community on Richmond Road, everyone is so friendly and its a real community. I do a lot of painting so having a property with lots of natural light was really important to me, I hope the new owners will enjoy it as much as I have'"
"Please quote reference RM0334. A superb three bedroom semi detached bungalow located on Bath Road in Longwell Green.  The current vendor has maintained this property to a good standard and is all set to move into!! The accommodation includes, entrance hall, lounge, three bedroom..."
CJ Hole Brislington are pleased to present to the sales market this four bedroom terraced property located in the popular Sandy Park area.
This extended 4 bedroom terraced home located in a highly sought after part of Downend.
"Hunters BS4 are delighted to bring to the open market this well cared for, larger than average Victorian family home. Situated on the popular Greenmore Road in the heart of upper Knowle. Close to local schools and amenities with Boardwalk on the doorstep offering a range of shops, bakeries, cafes..."
"OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN!! This deceptively spacious semi detached property has been the vendors family home for many years and is situated in this popular location with good transport links to the City Centre. The accommodation comprises; Entrance porch, entrance hall, lounge, exten..."
"Matthews Estates are delighted to bring to the sales market this fantastic, 4 bedroom, family home set in a sought after cul-de-sac which offers views to the rear over local green space, across the Whitchurch Railway Path towards Stockwood & Whitchurch Village and is set within a short walk of th..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A link-detached family home set in a popular location with off street parking, garage and beautiful countryside views. We look forward to showing you around! EPC rating C."
"regarded schools and good amenities. Offered for sale with no onward chain, this delightful property offers well balanced accommodation and briefly comprises; Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Sitting Room, Dining Room, Conservatory, Kitchen and Utility Room, three Bedrooms, the principal room enjoyin..."
"An extended three bedroom family home with a loft room presented in good condition throughout, situated in the highly desirable Bedminster Down area. This property features spacious accommodation by the way of three reception rooms, kitchen, three bedrooms, loft room and upstairs shower room. Thi..."
"BOOK YOUR APPOINTMENT TO VIEW!The Beech offers a wealth of living space, generously designed over three floors, with the hub of the home on the ground floor boasting an open plan kitchen, diner and lounge.Whether its 4 bedrooms, a further reception room or a walk-in wardrobe, we've tak..."
"The Jenner is an impressive four bedroom 3 storey semi detached home with flexible family living. Mulgrove Farm Village is a brand new development of 2, 3, 4 & 5 bedroom homes in the popular area of Harry Stoke, Bristol built by Wain Homes."
"Situated in a popular village, perfectly positioned between Bath & Bristol, can be found this three bedroom 19th century cottage. Offering an enviable blend of period charm & boujee decor, this chic cottage isn't all style without substance, as the accommodation offers generous room p..."
BEING SOLD WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN. This lovely four bedroom link-detached property in Barrs Court is well situated for good schools and local amenities and is PERFECT FOR FAMILIES. Well presented throughout this property is light and spacious throughout. The accommodation briefly comprises entra...
"""It is with a heavy heart that we are leaving Shaldon Road- which has been prompted only by a job change and a decision to move out of the city. The location of our home is an easy walk to the cafes and shops of Gloucester Road and green spaces such as Purdown and Horfield Common which we can be ..."
"A bright and airy hall floor apartment set just off of Whiteladies Road with its own private garden! A spacious and characterful two bedroom apartment, just moments from an array of independent coffee shops bars and restaurant whilst being within easy reach of Bristol University. Occupying th..."
"Modern and stylish four bedroom semi-detached family house, situated within a popular development of Highbrook Park, built by Crest Nicholson, of Stoke Gifford. Offering fitted kitchen, enclosed rear garden, garage and parking included. Call now for further details."
"Part of Phase 3 of the redevelopment of the historic Paintworks, this light and colourful townhouse has enough space to satisfy a variety of needs - stylishly decorated, bursting with life and charm while offering flexible living and all the perks you expect from a house built in 2017!"
This modern four-bedroom home is now available to buy in this great urban development. The property consists of an open plan diner/kitchen that has integrated white goods. To the rear of the diner/kitchen area you will find patio doors that lead out into an easily maintainable garden finished wit...
"“The Knowle area has been our home for 6+ years and we will be very sad to leave for the north. While proximity to North Street and town may bring you to this advert, we rarely get that far. Wells Road and the immediate vicinity host a number of well-established independent businesses that we lov..."
"A superb four bedroom semi-detached property located on the popular Embassy Road in Whitehall featuring an extended ground and first floor offering additional reception room, utility room, double bedroom with en-suite bathroom and new kitchen together with large driveway for multiple vehicles. O..."
"This fantastic modern mid terrace four bedroom townhouse set over three floors, well positioned within this extremely popular estate in Keynsham offering access to many local shops and amenities in the High Street and commuter routes via Keynsham railway station (offering routes to Bristol Temple..."
"Located in the sought after Highbrook Park, Stoke Gifford estate and providing great links to the MOD and UWE campus is this four bedroom semi detached home. Modern style throughout and of high specification, the property boasts an attractive front aspect with mature bushes separating a road and ..."
Nestled in a cul-de-sac location within Hanham is this immaculately presented three bedroom detached home offered with no onward chain. Located within easy reach of local schools and other nearby amenities and perfectly placed to access Hanham High Street that boasts a selection of independent sh...
"A beautifully presented 3 double bedroom Detached Bungalow, offering a wonderfully sunny and sizeable rear garden, with a gated front driveway and detached garage. Sold with a complete chain."
This extended 4 bedroom semi detached property situated along this very popular road needs to be internally viewed to appreciate all it has to offer. The accommodation is versatile with a ground floor bedroom and wet room and the added benefit of a conservatory.
"Conveniently set in this sought-after location within easy access to the Luckwell primary school, Harbourside, City Centre as well as vibrant North St with independent shops and cafes. Local schools are excellent, so it presents a wonderful opportunity to acquire a proper family home which also b..."
"Offered with no onward chain is this well-presented, three-bedroom, terraced, family home nestled in a peaceful cul-de-sac."
MODERN TERRACE!! THREE BEDROOMS!! PRIVATE CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION!! CLOAKROOM & EN-SUITE!! TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES!! FAR REACHING VIEWS!! SUPERB L-SHAPED LIVING/FAMILY AREA!! 2016 BUILD!! Situated within this private cul-de-sac just off Allison Road and offering excellent access to both Brommhil...
A stylish and contemporary two bedroom maisonette with large garden at The General.
UNEXPECTEDLY RETURNING TO THE MARKET! This extensively extended semi-detached home is offered to the market with no onward chain and provides sizeable dimensions along with well-tended gardens and driveway leading to a sizeable garage. 
"A home offered in a cul-de-sac location, parking up to 4 cars and boasting three reception rooms. Internally the home has an entrance hall housing a WC and a storage cupboard. There is a separate study to the front of the property, ideal for the work from home professional. The kitchen..."
4 Bed Townhouse in a peaceful cul-de-sac close to Keynsham town centre.
An exciting opportunity to purchase a highly energy efficient three-story townhouse with courtyard garden moments from the Mina Road & Park.
"A well designed 2 bedroom apartment on the fourth floor at McArthur's Yard with open plan living, private balcony and additional Juliet balcony."
"A Truly STUNNING DETACHED Property immaculately presented, benefiting from having been upgraded by the current owner."
A stunning 2 bedroom apartment on the second floor in The Cutting Room at Factory No. 1. Offering a dual aspect living room and private balcony overlooking the gardens.
"The Hatfield is an attractive 3 bedroom home, perfect for a growing family. An open-plan kitchen/dining room is ideal for entertaining. The separate living room benefits from French doors leading onto the private garden, providing plenty of natural light. A perfect space to relax and r..."
No onward chain. A quite wonderful modern semi detached townhouse in a fantastic cul-de-sac location. This is a stunning home that truly deserves an internal viewing.
*** EXCITING OPPORTUNITY RESTAURANT WITH BASEMENT AND TWO ONE BEDROOM FLATS *** Introducing to the market is this newly established restaurant with two separate flats on the first floor and an entire floor basement below the ground floor. The premises comprises of well-pr...
Holbrook Moran are delighted to bring to market this beautifully presented extended double bay fronted three double bedroomed mid terrace Victorian home. Very well presented and offered to market with no onward chain. 
"This mid-terrace home features a kitchen/dining room, a sitting room with French doors leading to the garden and handy cloakroom downstairs.
The first floor has three spacious bedrooms, one with an ensuite, and a family bathroom.This home also has an allocated parking space. ^..."
"Set over THREE FLOORS the Shipwright features OPEN-PLAN living to the ground floor with dedicated STUDY, plus THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS. Get moving to this new community today!"
"An extensive & well presented 3 bedroom semi-detached family home in Winterbourne, set on a generous plot with the ideal flat level rear family garden, off road parking & an integrated garage...."
"THREE BEDROOM PROPERTY IN A POPULAR VILLAGE LOCATION IN NEED OF UPDATING!
This property has been maintained and is ready for you to put your own stamp on! Potential to extend subject to planning.
We look forward to showing you around, so please give us a call. "
"Great proportions, presentation and location are just for starters with this delightful Period Villa, and we can't forget to mention its fireplace and stripped floorboards. Situated just off the A4 Bath Road with its direct links to both Bristol and Bath and with the cafes, bars and conveniences ..."
"Hunters are pleased to offer for sale this deceptively spacious extended four/five bedroom chalet style semi detached property situated in this popular location in BIFIELD ROAD in Stockwood. The accommodation comprises; Entrance hall, reception room/bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, lounge and extended..."
"Tucked in this cul-de-sac position and perfect for the growing family is this delightful three bedroom detached home! With local shops, schools and not far from the business parks as well as being just a short drive to the motorway networks makes this home ideally located. Internally the ground f..."
"**IMPRESSIVE GARDEN** **GREAT LOCATION** An excellent opportunity has arisen to purchase this three bedroom home on Gloucester Road North. Deceptively spacious, this home also offers two reception rooms, off street parking and a loft room. To summarise, ground floor accommo..."
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH A TWO BEDROOM ANNEX TO REAR. Rare to the market is this Three Bedroom Semi Detached House with a Two Bedroom Annex to the rear, this property will appeal to anyone who has an elderly family member or teenagers they are looking to give and support in inde..."
CJ Hole Brislington are pleased to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom property located on Grantson Close.
"Being sold with no onward chain, this lovely three storey townhouse situated in the ever popular and iconic Paintworks development in Bristol's Creative Quarter. Flexible accommodation over three floors and beautifully decorated to a high standard throughout. The accommodation briefly comprises ..."
"Set within spacious grounds can be found this attractive, semi detached property. Presented to an excellent decorative standard, this three bedroom home has been the attention of much needed investment and enhanced in recent years to what is now a wonderful family home. Externally the property o..."
"This Southville home is on the market! Situated on Islington Road, which is in the heart of Southville and being just 0.6 miles from vibrant North street. North Street has many independent cafes, small eats, bars, pubs, art shops and a yoga studio. "
"Situated within a sought after road in Frampton Cotterell, is this fantastic three/four bedroom detached home. Set on a well sized plot, this home provides gardens to the front and back as well driveway parking. The ground floor of this family home provides an entrance hallway, modern ..."
"This two bedroom ground floor apartment in Clifton comes with an open plan kitchen/dining /living area, bathroom, en-suite to primary bedroom and a private, secure off-street parking space. 19 Whiteladies Road is a new development of stunning one and two bedroom apartments available to reserve ..."
"With 3 bedrooms, the Gosford is perfect for anyone looking for a little extra space"
"CJ Hole Bishopsworth are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom, semi-detached family home in Bishopsworth."
"A light and spacious two bedroom Edwardian home located on a quiet family road in Horfield. This stylish property has lots to offer and has been tastefully finished throughout. Key features include a host of retained period features, open plan reception rooms, a contemporary kitchen/diner and a s..."
"A charming and well presented 2 double, 2 reception room bedroom Victorian terrace house with separate kitchen/breakfast room, 45ft south facing level rear garden and garden office. Positioned on the Henleaze/Westbury on Trym borders with proximity to Henleaze High Street with its diverse ran..."
**MODERNISED VICTORIAN HOME** **POPULAR** **4 BEDROOMS** Purplebricks is proud to present this lovely 4 bedroom period style home on the popular Cassell road. A traditional hallway welcomes you in with a bay fronted lounge. To the rear is a spacious dining area with fireplace that leads thr...
****NO ONWARD CHAIN**** We are delighted to offer to the market this spacious three bedroom semi-detached house on the sought after Stonebridge Park BS5. This is also one of few houses on the road with a garage! This property hasn't been on the sales market since 1935 and st...
** Currently let ** Located on a sought after tree lined street on the Bishopston / Redland borders is this spacious garden apartment with parking and no chain.
"'We have absolutely loved living in Southville, a short distance to the harbourside for walking our dog, or visits to the M Shed, Bristol Aquarium or SS Great Britain with our son. We are steps away from Ashton Gate Primary School, which is an excellent school and a great community. On weekends, ..."
"A fine and spacious second floor apartment in need of basic cosmetic updating, situated on the ever desirable Victoria Square in the heart of Clifton Village."
"Situated on a popular road, this larger style TRADITIONAL 1930'S three bedroom semi detached family home REQUIRES UPDATING, offers a good size rear garden, and MUST BE VIEWED for the true potential to be realised."
"** FOUR BEDROOMS ** CUL DE SAC POSITION ** EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED ** Accommodation comprises of; entrance hall, lounge, open plan kitchen/diner, downstairs wc and integral garage. To the first floor can be found four bedrooms, master en suite and family bathroom. The property benefits..."
"A well-appointed two bedroom flat ideally situated just off Clifton Triangle and within easy reach of the city centre, Clifton Village and Whiteladies Road. Forming part of this attractive Grade II terrace the flat enjoys an open outlook over the park with Clifton roof top views beyond. Spacio..."
An opportunity to purchase an extended bay fronted semi detached house in the heart of Frampton Cotterell with a large rear garden.
"3 Bedroom Semi Detached property tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac, just 0.6 miles away from Keynsham Town Centre."
"Cj Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this two double bedroom, Victorian terraced home located Windmill Hill with NO ONWARDS CHAIN."
Andrews is proud to offer a two bedroom penthouse apartment with phenomenal water views situated in a great location and is offered to cash buyers only. 
Offered for sale with no onward chain is this three bedroom semi detached house presented in good order throughout located close to local schools and amenities.
LAST 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH PARKING AVAILABLE TO RESERVE
"A beautiful link detached family home that offers generous spaces and modern flexible living, located in the ever popular St. George. Offered to market with no onward chain! This immaculate property boasts 4 bedrooms including a ground floor master bedroom with stylish 4 piece en-suite and fitted..."
"Stylish three bedroom end-of-terrace home situated in the popular area of Hengrove. Being sold with No Onward Chain, this beautiful modern property offers easy living for any family or first time buyer looking for comfort and elegance in there home"
"A tasteful 2 bedroom period home located on St Andrews Road in Montpelier which has been modernised throughout by the existing owners. Providing original character such as high ceilings and original fireplaces. Located within this quiet yet central location, this home is perfect for a first time ..."
"This stunning THREE BEDROOM end of terrace home is really well presented throughout and is PERFECT FOR FAMILIES. Well situated for all the local amenities including shops, schools and good transport links all close by this home also benefits from a large workshop/garage to the rear. The accommod..."
"On a quiet residential street in Horfield sits this extended three-bedroom terraced home. Bright and airy, with just the right combination of family living and private space, it’s an ideal base to settle long-term in a lovely community."
"""We fell in love with the house when we first saw the views of Victoria Park out of the window. The view is like a picture that changes throughout the seasons and there’s always something different to see. One of our favourite things about living here is the location. Victoria Park is incredible ..."
"This detached bungalow originally dates from the 1960's and has been well cared for during current the long term ownership. It offers easily managed accommodation comprising an entrance hall, two reception rooms, modern fitted kitchen, two double bedrooms and a modern shower room (which was form..."
"A detached three bedroom family home set in the popular Bedminster Down location with a beautiful rear garden backing onto the Malago woods. The home offers heaps of potential to renovate and extended (subject to planning permission), so would be ideal for anyone looking to put their stamp on a p..."
This delightful ground floor apartment located at 'Shepherds Walk' in a Central location of Bradley Stoke is being sold with no onward chain.
"This charming, three bedroom, semi-detached, home has been recently decorated and is positioned within a generous plot. Offering a full depth kitchen/diner, living room and a separate conservatory opening onto a south-facing garden."
Michael Nicholas Estate Agents are proud to offer to the Downend market this exceptional 'MUST SEE' property. Rarely do properties of such quality and appearance come to the local market there...
"Cj Hole Southville are pleased to welcome to the sales market this two bedroom, terrace home in Windmill Hill with NO ONWARDS CHAIN."
"This well presented, characterful, 1930’s built home is brought to the market with a complete chain. The property boasts bay windows on both levels to front and rear and needs to be viewed to be appreciated."
A golden opportunity to acquire an architecturally designed four bedroom semi-detached family home situated close to the highly regarded Beacon Rise Primary School. The property has been comprehensively extended and remodeled to create a substantial four bedroom semi-detached family home...
This is a stunning FOUR BEDROOM semi detached house that is IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT and is well positioned back from the road and close to lots of local amenities including excellent shopping and leisure facilities as well as great schools and good transport links all close by. Spread over three s...
"A smartly presented three-bedroom house on Cleave Street, St. Werburghs. Situated close to Mina Road Park, this bay-fronted Victorian mid-terrace features a separate living room, an open-plan rear reception room and kitchen that opens onto the garden, three bedrooms and further scope to ..."
"We are proud to present to the market this spacious and immaculately presented three double bedroom family home. Located in a very sought after area of Bristol. With a generous sized garden, driveway, oversized log burner and packed full of original style features this home really does have it all!"
This superb three double bedroom semi-detached property is situated just 120 metres from Shirehampton village centre. It's elevated position affords the property incredible panoramic Southerly views that are sure to impress anyone privileged to experience them. A particularly generous reception h...
"Located on quiet street a short walk away from Victoria Park, this end terrace home on Ketch Road is available with a completed onward chain!"
Hollis Morgan - A spacious two bedroom flat occupying the hall floor of this beautiful period property. Stunning period features and a fantastic location. Offered to the market with No Chain.
"A three bedroom period apartment (1094 sq ft) with allocated parking and courtyard garden, situated in the popular Redland area within easy reach of Whiteladies Road, Bristol City Centre and Durdham Downs. The property falls within the resident parking scheme. A perfect home for all or as a buy t..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this beautifully presented, three/four bedroom family home situated within a popular development with off street parking."
An opportunity to purchase an extended and much improved three bedroom semi detached house located next to a park in the popular area of Little Stoke. With a large garden room and good sized rear garden call to book your viewing slot!
"Offered with no onward chain is this delightful, link-detached, three-bedroom, family home positioned in a corner plot on the ever popular ‘Charlton Mead’ development."
"A stunning three bedroom home, perfect for those who want to take their first or next step onto the property ladder. The generous kitchen/diner is perfect for those who love to entertain and the dual aspect living room, has a patio door onto the garden bringing the outside in."
"INVESTORS ONLY - GENERATE INSTANT INCOME ON THIS CHARMING COTTAGE! Three bedroom semi-detached property with driveway, garage and garden in a sought-after village location."
"This beautifully presented home is located in Bedminster Down, close to local amenities and within close proximity to Bristol City Centre. The inside comprises of four excellent sized bedrooms, two reception rooms, a kitchen/diner, a utility room, further benefits include a large garage workshop."
"This delightful and well-proportioned home has just been renovated and now boasts a lovely modern kitchen and bathroom, and a large garage to its rear, it's also offered with no onward chain! Grove Park Avenue is ideally situated for Holymead Schools, woodland walks in Nighting Gale Valley a..."
"A Victorian Terrace home located on the desirable Hawthorne Street in UPPER TOTTERDOWN, a stone's throw away from Hillcrest Primary School and the picturesque Arnos Vale Cemetery. There is easy access onto Wells Road on foot with a fantastic array of cafes, restaurants and independent shops, as w..."
"We are pleased to offer to the market this stunning 2 bedroomed impressive well proportioned ground floor apartment. Extremley well presented throughout, bright & spacious. The property boasts, two double bedrooms, modern open plan living arrangement, fitted kitchen, electric heating with e..."
"Situated in a favorable cul-de-sac backing onto nightingale valley and with sizable southerly rear garden, off street parking for several vehicles and garage. In brief the accommodation comprises entrance porch which leads into the hallway, a bayed lounge, separate dining room opening into a cons..."
"This two bedroom apartment is * perfect for first time buyers * and features an OPEN-PLAN living, kitchen and dining area, *modern throughout, * TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS*, EN SUITE to bedroom 1* and 10 year NHBC warranty* plus this home is brand new & chain free*. Contact us today. "
A delightful home located in 'Charlton Hayes' a modern development offering convenient living.
"A home for the future, specially constructed to save you energy. This semi-detached townhouse features an open plan kitchen/dining room, a sitting room with French doors leading to the garden and handy cloakroom downstairs.The first floor has two spacious bedrooms and a family bathroo..."
"Hunters Estate Agents are pleased to bring to the market a stunning three bedroom semi-detached family home situated in the ever popular Dundry area, with breathtaking countryside views to the rear. The property comprises in brief a spacious & modern open plan kitchen/diner, living room with bi-f..."
"Situated within a popular cul-de-sac of Stoke Gifford Village, this three bedroom detached house is offered with no onward chain and perfect for a range of buyers. Ideally located for the local shops and amenities as well as excellent transport links from Parkway Train Station and motorways."
"A simply wonderful detached bungalow in the wonderful cul-de-sac Wellington Mews which is located conveniently for the train station, park and ride station and stops, nearby village, riverside walks and the Lamplighters public house and restaurant. This bungalow has been owned by the same family ..."
"A striking Victorian terrace located on Boston Road in Horfield, offering seamless open-plan living which has been reconfigured by the current owners to maximise its potential."
"CJ Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this two bedroom, terraced Victorian family home in Bedminster"
"A stunning and spacious extended three bedroom link-detached home that has undergone a full refurbishment over recent times! The ground floor accommodation offers an entrance hall, living room with bay window, a beautiful kitchen/breakfast room with built-in appliances and an open plan walkway to..."
A beautifully presented home situated on 'The Bridles' with off street parking at the front for two vehicles. The accommodation is set over three floors with four bedrooms and open plan living to the ground floor. In brief the property comprises entrance hall with ground floor cloakroom and bespo...
"Located on a desirable road is this attractive, four bedroom semi-detached home. This well-presented property has been extended into the loft to create a bedroom and has been well looked after throughout. A spacious hallway invites you in, accommodating a handy under stairs storage cup..."
Michael Nicholas are proud to offer to the market this outstanding 4 bedroom semi-detached property. Located within the popular 'Willis Road' and modernised throughout the property in brief o...
"Situated in the sought-after 'Bourne Close', this three bedroom property has been in the family home for many years and with one of the biggest gardens in close. The property offers a spacious entrance hall, kitchen and large lounge diner to the rear. On the first floor you have two double bedroo..."
"""I moved into my house as a new build nearly ten years ago from a Victorian terrace and I just love the low maintenance, great light and the convenience of having a garage and driveway. Stoke Park is close by and is absolutely wonderful I have spent many hours exploring it and enjoying the open ..."
"** PLEASE INTERACT WITH OUR MARKET LEADING VIRTUAL TOUR** We are delighted to offer for sale this splendid four bedroom, plus office, semi-detached house with landscaped enclosed garden, garage and off-street parking. The property is in super order throughout and has been vastly improved in recen..."
A lovely period home just a 0.3 mile walk to Victoria Park
"A well presented 2 double bedroom second floor flat with full size ceilings, forming the top floor of a beautiful semi-detached Victorian house on a highly regarded side street of Clifton. The property enjoys a balanced layout with windows on 3 sides and in all rooms, and excellent ceiling he..."
"A fantastic four bedroom extended semi-detached property situated in the highly desirable area of Uplands, with a generous south facing rear garden over 100ft long. This property would be perfect for a family giving its close proximity to local schools, amenities and just a short walk away from K..."
" This fantastic property is available with NO CHAIN. Located in a popular residential area, less than ten minutes walk from parks, schools, restaurants, a sports centre, and other great facilities. Just a short drive from superstores and a retail park, and with easy access to many main ro..."
"""We were drawn to the unique character of this house and were taken by the fact that there is nothing else quite like it. We like that whenever people visit their reaction is always of 'wow' when they see inside! There are of course also great benefits of an eco-house, not least with the pre..."
This remarkably redesigned three-bedroom home merges classic features with a contemporary twist to create a one-of-a-kind family home.
A delightful 2 bedroom apartment on the second floor of The Cutting Room at Factory No. 1. A contemporary new building within the gardens of this acclaimed development.
"We are delighted to being to market this charming Victorian bay fronted property on the peaceful, residential location of Seaton Road. With great access to St Marks Road, Stapleton Road station, Bristol to Bath cycle path and excellent local schools, making for a perfect family home! "
"A delightful Victorian home boasting all of the principle features on the wish lists of all savvy buyers. The well planned accommodation offers a great size kitchen/breakfast room with a selection of integrated appliances including a double oven, induction hob and dishwasher, a bayed lounge with ..."
"HUNTERS BS4 are thrilled to offer to the sales market this stunning, three bedroom end of terrace home at the ever popular Paintworks development. This home is stunning throughout and is a true credit to it's current owners. This home internally comprises an entrance hall providing acces..."
On offer is this beautifully extended home situated in the popular road of 'Stoke Lane' within the parish of Stoke Lodge and The Common.
The Bude is a stunning three bedroom end of terrace home with parking and flooring included throughout.
"**REGISTERED HMO** **OFF STREET PARKING** Taylors Estate Agents bring to market this three bedroom home on Conygre Road. The dining room is currently being used as a fourth bedroom, so would be a great opportunity for an investor, as the home is already a registered HMO. There is also ..."
Beautifully presented three bedroom end terrace house located in Paintworks
This three bedroom end of terrace house offers great space and modern fixtures and fittings throughout. Owned since new in 2016 situated on the much sought after Paintworks Development.
Situated on an impressive tree-lined road and just a moment's stroll from Whiteladies Road; a spacious 2 double bedroom hall floor apartment with modern kitchen/breakfast room and impressive bay fronted sitting/dining room set within a beautiful Victorian period building. Set in a favourably c...
"Hunters offer to the market this quirky well presented two bedroom Victorian home in Southville, within a stones throw from Dame Emily Park"
This 3 bedroom home is the perfect home for those who want to take their first or next step on the property ladder. The flexible open plan living space allows you to personalise your space your way and either enjoy the open style or perhaps create individual areas.
"Located in the sought after Highbrook Park, Stoke Gifford estate and providing great links to the MOD and UWE campus is this four bedroom end of terrace modern home. The accomodation is well postioned to provide great access to various transport links including Bristol Parkway train station and t..."
"Situated within the popular development of 'Highbrook Park' in Stoke Gifford, this four bedroom house is perfect for a range of buyers looking for a modern and stylish home, with a landscaped rear garden, off street parking. Call now for further details."
"** PLEASE INTERACT WITH OUR MARKET LEADING VIRTUAL TOUR** It is our pleasure to offer for sale this splendid three bedroom semi-detached house with conservatory, mature enclosed garden, garage and ample block paving off-street parking. This outstanding property is in super order throughout and of..."
A rare opportunity has arisen to purchase this LINK DETACHED property in this highly sought-after location.
NO CHAIN. Well presented hall floor apartment with modern kitchen and bathroom. Featured ceiling cornice and roses to many rooms.
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire this spacious extended family home, offering good sized downstairs accommodation. The property briefly comprises entrance hall with cloakroom to the right a door leads to a good sized siting room with French style doors opening into a modern fitted kitchen. To t..."
"Andrews is proud to offer a spacious two bedroom upper floor apartment benefitting from off street parking, a private balcony and is situated in a fantastic central location."
"""We have enjoyed living on Lena Street due to the great vibe of the area and its local bars and restaurants. St Marks Road just being round the corner offering excellent choice in amenities and the Sweet Mart shop where you can buy anything. The close proximity to the M32, City Centre and Staplet..."
CJ Hole Southville are pleased to present to the sales market this three bedroom end terraced property located in the popular Ashton Vale.
"This stunning FOUR BEDROOM terraced property is PERFECT FOR FAMILIES and is beautifully presented throughout as well as being well situated for all the local amenities including shops, schools and transport links all close by. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, living room, open ..."
"We are proud to present this Chain free Three Bedroom Semi Detached House – *Guide Price £400,000 - £425,000*"
"We Are Delighted To Offer For Sale This Victorian Terrace Family Home Situated Within Whitehall, With The Offsted Outstanding Primary School, Accommodation Comprising Entrance Hallway With Stairs Rising To The First Floor, Under Stairs WC, Lounge With Bay Window, Dining Room With French Doors Le..."
"An exciting new development of eight quality homes currently under construction by Bristol & Bath Developments in the vibrant urban village of Warmley, ideally located in commutable distance of Bristol and Bath via the nearby cycle track or the North Bristol ring road. The home is positi..."
"Hunters Estate Agents in BS4, Bristol are delighted to present to the market this rare, modernised Three Bedroom Detached Home located on the popular West Town Lane in Brislington. The property has been modernised in recent years with some remarkable features throughout. The home itself briefly c..."
'We have loved our time living at Paintworks and we are sad to say goodbye. Living in a quiet yet vibrant community close to the city was a perfect start up home for us. Whilst loving the location close to Temple Meads for our weekend trips away and Bocabar for late night Friday drinks we wouldn'...
"A lovely character cottage that is deceptively spacious. There is a porch leading to the entrance hall, lounge with inglenook style fireplace with log burner, spacious kitchen/dining room, utility area and opening in conservatory. Two double bedrooms and modern style bathroom, driveway and garden."
"***NEW TO MARKET PERIOD PROPERTY*** We are thrilled to bring to the market this beautiful Victorian terrace property in the heart of Fishponds. A stone’s throw from the high street and local shops. This spacious home comprises of a bay fronted lounge, separate recepti..."
Cj Hole Brislington are delighted to present this modern Two/Three Bedroom home in the popular Paintworks development.
"This three bedroom property is new to the market and has been in the family from the very beginning. Located in the heart of Winterbourne down, this home is now available on a no onward chain basis. offering ample off street parking, single garage and rear garden. Internally you have entrance hal..."
Isla Alexander Property are delighted to offer for sale this lovely semi detached three bedroom town house situated in the popular area of Emersons Green offering great access to the Motorway network and Ring Road.
"A golden opportunity to acquire this generously sized and well presented three bedroom end terrace family home situated in a highly regarded location close to Southmead Hospital, Rolls Royce, M.O.D, Airbus and Westbury-on-Trym village. As properties of this nature rarely come to the mark..."
"A SUBSTANTIAL DETACHED family home, with wonderful VIEWS to the rear across open countryside. NO ONGOING CHAIN."
"*NO ONWARD SALES CHAIN* A three bedroom semi detached house situated with in the well regarded Wellsway school catchment area and close to local shops and amenities. This ideal family home benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas fired central heating, a southerly facing rear garden and a garage a..."
"Located in a quiet residential pocket of Easton, Britannia Road sits a short stroll away from St Marks Road featuring a renowned host of cafes, eateries and bars. The Bristol & Bath Cycle Path is close by whilst less than 1 mile away are the green spaces of St George & Eastville Parks."
This traditional semi detached house originally dates from the 1960's and has been very well kept in the same ownership since it was originally constructed. Offered to the market with no upward sales chain. It offers well balanced accommodation with scope for extension to the side subject to obta...
"Delighted To Offer For Sale This Modern Built Detached Family Home Which Was Built Just Over 3 Years Ago, Close To Ofsted rated Outstanding Beacon Rise School, The Accommodation Comprises Nice Size Entrance Hallway, Down Stairs WC, Lounge, Dining Are and Fitted Kitchen, On The First Floor There ..."
No chain | Beautiful and Spacious Garden | Modern Kitchen and Conservatory | Two Large Bedrooms | EPC Instructed A fantastic and rare opportunity to own a beautiful basement garden flat in the much desired area of Kingsdown parade. The property itself has two great sized bedrooms. The large...
"Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac close to Birdwell Junior School, this three bedroom end of terrace home enjoys low maintenance rear gardens and off-street parking."
"Offered to market is this lovely three bed semi-detached bungalow situated just off the A38, providing easy access to motorway networks and major employers."
Andrews is proud to offer am immaculately presented two bedroom apartment located in a fantastic location on Pembroke Road and benefitting from being sold with no onward chain.
"Well presented 3 bed cottage located in Keynsham, Bristol. *No upper chain* Consisting of: Well appointed kitchen with base and wall units Potential separate dining room, currently used as a fourth bedroom Bright and airy lounge with feature Inglenook firepla..."
**THIS EXTENDED HOME HAS EVERYTHING!!** In fantastic condition and presentation throughout in a popular road between St George & Kingswood. Boasting two reception rooms and a kitchen/diner complete with cloakroom & utility! Opening onto a huge garden and a double garage!! Even upstairs wo...
"Well situated close to lots of local amenities including shops, schools and good transport links, is this stunning terraced home on Risdale Road. The ground floor boasts an impressive kitchen/breakfast room with white high gloss units and integrated appliances opening to a spacious conservatory..."
"Being sold wit NO ONWARD CHAIN, this is a truly beautiful property with lots of space and character which all adds up to a fantastic family home that is sure to be a popular option for many. Close to local amenities, good transport links and good local schools nearby. Briefly comprises entrance ..."
"A SPACIOUS FOUR/FIVE bedroom LINK-DETACHED family home, set in this popular Cul-de-Sac."
"Located in a popular setting only a short stroll to St Johns Primary School, this sympathetically extended three bedroom home offers generous accommodation well suited for upsizing families. Internally the ground floor offers a porch which leads to a welcoming entrance hallway, from here..."
"Stunning 3 bedroom apartment spanning the first floor of this imposing Grade 11 listed residence. Idyllic setting, right on the common with it's delightful wooded and river walks. Extensive accommodation with lots of wonderful features. Rare opportunity indeed."
Beautifully presented 3 bedroom end of terrace home located in 'The Berries' on the outskirts of Fishponds. Being sold with no onward chain!
"The Hatfield is an attractive three bedroom home, perfect for a growing family. An open-plan kitchen/dining room is ideal for entertaining. The separate living room benefits from French doors leading onto the private garden, providing plenty of natural light. A perfect space to relax a..."
"Situated in the popular area of Kingswood, this beautifully modernised four bedroom Semi-Detached home is located within easy walking distance of local shops, Ofsted rated Outstanding Beacon Rise School and with great public transport links both in and out of the city"
Andrews is proud to offer a two bedroom ground floor apartment with off street parking and benefitting from being sold with no onward chain.
"A three bedroom maisonette set on three levels, this is just one of two apartments like this within the grounds of an old Victorian school. The property is situated in the sought after area of Maxse Road, Upper Knowle just off the Wells Road within 'The Old School House'. The property is two m..."
"M. Coleman Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market an Edwardian three bedroom end-terrace family home located on the borders of Downend and Fishponds. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, this spacious property offers high ceilings and generous proportion rooms, making it a great opt..."
"An end-of-terrace, 3-bedroom family home situated on Luckwell Road in Ashton with off-street parking and a 120ft garden."
"Being Sold with No Onward Chain, this Three double bedroom apartment in the idyllic ""Long Fox Manor"""
"Brought to the market with no onward chain is this attractive, extended three bedroom home with many period features offering much scope, in a convenient yet central location."
"Located within the popular cul-de-sac of Yeomanside Close, Whitchurch. This link-detached four bedroom home set on three floors, off-street parking for four vehicles, a basement flat with shower room & kitchen, an integral garage with electric power and views over a conservation area.  "
"Andrews are pleased to bring to the market this four Bedroom end of terrace house on the ever popular Cassell Road. The property is perfectly positioned within walking distance to local schools shops and amenities, with the busy High streets of Staple Hill, Fishponds and Downend a short walk away..."
"""We've really loved living in Co-Operation Road; such lovely neighbours, close to lots of parks and green space and loads of great stuff going on nearby""."
Hunters Estate Agents - Fishponds office are delighted to offer this CHAIN FREE superb 3 bedroom detached modern home within a generous corner position within a sought after development with strong links to the City. This stunning home offers spacious and well presented accommodation with a newly...
"Situated in the popular area of Fishponds, this beautiful character family home can be found. This double bay fronted, four bed has a wonderfully central location with easy access to Fishponds Road and all supermarkets, cafes and other fantastic amenities, and is now being sold with no onward chain"
"A corner plot 1950's semi situated in a popular location close to local schooling, parks and the A4 Bath Road with direct links to Bristol and Bath. Offered with no onward chain and briefly comprises an entrance porch, hallway, a bayed lounge, separate dining room and kitchen. On the first floor ..."
"Positioned within a residential cul-de-sac in the heart of Brislington, this spacious four bedroom link detached home offers bright and airy accommodation well suited to upsizing families. Internally the ground floor comprises of a welcoming entrance hallway, generous lounge which leads ..."
"Situated in desirable cul-de-sac just off Hawkins Crescent, this three bedroom home is perfect for families who want to be close to schools along with plenty amenities to enjoy! Internally the accommodation comprises entrance hall with cloakroom, spacious living room, a study, kitchen/diner that ..."
This recently refurbished Victorian terrace on Chatsworth Road is well located for access to the city and is being sold with no onward chain.
"** PLEASE INTERACT WITH OUR MARKET LEADING VIRTUAL TOUR** Situated in a culdesac location and offered with no onward chain is this detached bungalow which offers spacious and comfortable accommodation. In brief the property comprises, porch, lounge and dining ares, kitchen, two double bedrooms, w..."
"""Five years ago I was looking for my first property to buy and I fell in love with the perfect three-bedroom house at the top of Redcatch Hill. With so much privacy thanks to the fencing and wall that runs around the property, it feels very safe and secure. The area has such a strong community fe..."
"Brand new, stunning one-bedroom later living apartment, exclusively for over 60s. Located in Bristol's popular Redland district. You'll become part of a thriving community at The Vincent. "
NO ONWARD CHAIN M. Coleman Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this well presented three bedroom mid terrace property. The welcoming entrance hall gives an immediate impression of the light and space that continues throughout and gives access to the lounge which has a...
"A beautifully presented 3 bedroom detached bungalow situated in a lovely position on Manor Close in Easton-in-Gordano. The property is located in a quiet cul-de-sac, has been recently renovated throughout and is sold with no onward chain."
"A stylish and well presented 1930's mid-terrace family home situated in a sought after location within the heart of Horfield. The light and bright accommodation has plenty to offer including three bedrooms, a separate living room with wood-burning stove, open plan kitchen/diner, a mature rear ga..."
"Located in a splendid cul-de-sac on the edge of open farmland, this spacious three bedroom home offers a fantastic assortment of rooms that accompany pretty gardens to both the front and rear elevations. The property is available today with NO ONWARD CHAIN. EPC Rating (on order)"
"ROOF TOP VIEWS! Situated on the doorstep of the Kingswood High Street, a stone throw from the Kings Chase Shopping Centre sits this newly converted two bedroom top floor contemporary balcony apartment; Ideal for first time buyers and investors alike! The property welcomes a spacious hallway l..."
"A beautifully presented and particularly spacious (108 square metres) 3 double bedroom top floor flat, set within the desirable Towerleaze development in tranquil Sneyd Park."
"Cooperage Lane is a highly sought after location in Southville, situated within easy reach of Dame Emily Park and Southville Primary School and is ideally situated for access to North Street and Wapping Wharf, making the area popular for a wide range of buyers. There is also easy access to Bristo..."
"This superb apartment boasts absolutely outstanding views from this iconic position. The well presented property further features open-plan living space, loft access and two well proportioned bedrooms."
"A three bedroom double bayed Victorian property set on Essery Road in Greenbank with St Marks Road and Stapleton Train Station a short stroll away. In brief the property features living room, dining room and kitchen to ground floor with three bedrooms and bathroom on the first floor. Entrance t..."
"A delightfully presented, bright 1930s terrace, perfectly sized and positioned as a family home given its proximity to popular primary and secondary schools, as well as the treasured green spaces of Purdown and Eastville Park."
Cj Hole Southville are delighted to present this three bedroom Victorian End-of-Terrace home in the popular area of Windmill Hill.
"Hunters Easton are proud to present this spacious family home, packed with potential. Situated in the Eastville area with local access to the M32 and Muller road bus links, this property is in an ideal location. The house itself comprises three bedrooms, a conservatory, a living room through dini..."
A beautifully presented Victorian family home located in the popular St Werburghs area offered to the market with no onward chain.
"This fantastic spacious detached property offers the ideal home to add your own stamp to. Upon entering the property you will find a large entrance hallway providing access to the living room, kitchen and dining room. The first floor offers a large landing, three bedrooms, bathroom and WC. W..."
"**NO CHAIN** Matthews Estates are delighted to bring to the sales market this sizeable, 3 storey, 2 bedroom, period home within a classic terrace, directly bordered to the rear by mature tree and greenery located in Arnos Vale Cemetery. It is sure to appeal to purchasers of all age group..."
"Vendor Comment: ""I moved into Horley Rd when I was pregnant with my first child, 33 years ago. The house was perfect for raising my little family, with 2 good sized bedrooms, a few years later a third, with the conversion of the loft. We loved the garden as it was south facing, so having t..."
"A well-presented link detached family home tucked away on Market Place within Winford. With lovely views across the village, this property is a delightful family home with scope for its new owners to add their own style."
Offering an unparalleled opportunity to acquire a truly unique freehold Clifton home with a southerly facing garden and outstanding views towards the iconic suspension bridge.
"This fantastic four bedroom, extended semi detached family home, set in a prime location within this hugely popular part of Bristol. Located just a stones throw from local schools and other amenities nearby, the property has been hugely improved by the current owner. This lovely home, comprises; ..."
"This 1928 style three bedroom semi detached home which is modern style throughout, is very well positioned on the borders of Warmley & Bridgeyate, offering excellent access to commuter routes via the A4174 Ring Road, Bath and the M4. Views over the London Road are of open countryside which attrac..."
"A contemporary two-bedroom terraced house featuring an open-plan kitchen-diner, a private west-facing patio leading onto an enclosed communal garden, and allocated parking."
"Situated in the popular estate of Cheswick Village is this beautifully presented, three bedroom home built by Redrow Homes."
"This lovely three bedroom semi detached property is PERFECT FOR FAMILIES and has a LARGE GARDEN to the rear. Well situated for all the local amenities including shops, good schools and transport links all close by, this property is certain to be a popular choice for many buyers. The accommodatio..."
"Simon @ NEXA Bristol is delighted to offer for sale is this beautifully presented, three bedroom home with en suite to master bedroom, built in kitchen appliances and parking for two cars built by Redrow Homes situated in the popular estate of Cheswick Village. Call now book your appointment to ..."
"OFFERED TO THE MARKET WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN!!! With origins dating back to around the mid-1800s, this is a delightful period cottage tucked away in a village backwater amongst similar properties. The property is utterly charming and features include wide-silled windows, old Norfolk latche..."
"The Brook is a three bedroom mid terrace with Parking. Mulgrove Farm Village is a brand new development of 2, 3, 4 & 5 bedroom homes in the popular area of Harry Stoke, Bristol built by Wain Homes."
"A beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached house with parking for two cars, built in 2021."
"Well proportioned detached bungalow set on the edge of the ever popular village of Wick. Open plan lounge/diner and kitchen, two double bedrooms, lean-to conservatory. Off street parking to the side, enclosed rear garden with insulated work from home space/garden room. No Chain!"
"A well presented three bedroom Victorian bay fronted terrace with spacious accommodation set on three levels and with two separate reception rooms, and a recently re-fitted first floor bathroom measuring 14'9"" x 9'0"". 16' kitchen, utility room and gardens."
"""I have lived on Bruce Avenue for over 35 years. My 3 children all attending the local school which is only a 5 minute walk away and have enjoyed many happy hours at St George’s park and cycle rides on the Bristol to bath cycle path. It has been a happy family home so I’ll be sad to leave, but i..."
".... Chain FREE .... Matthews Estates are delighted to bring to the sales market this fantastically located Railway house, in the ever popular Knowle Park, with the primary school close by and Broad Walk Shopping Centre, Redcatch Park and many further amenities within a short, flat walk ..."
"With a fine location on Shirehampton's always-popular Cotswold development, close to the green open spaces and riverside walks by the Avon, this light and beautifully presented three bedroom property offers a great opportunity for those seeking a family home in a quiet yet convenient position."
"**Viewings taking place on the 25th March 2023** Located just minutes walk from the popular Sandy Park Road shopping area, this two bedroom Victorian terrace is an ideal property for the first time buyer as well as couples and families seeking a beautifully presented property. The property is b..."
"*** NO ONWARD CHAIN *** A newly refurbished three-bedroom family home located on Mansfield Street, Bedminster."
"Located a short walk from Downend High street & shops this charming 1930's style detached bungalow. Well presented accommodation comprising: 2 bedrooms, 2 receptions, modern kitchen & shower room. Well tended front & rear gardens, garage & driveway. NO CHAIN."
Hunters are thrilled to offer this spacious 1930s home on the popular 'Willada Close' offered with no chain
"This three bedroomed semi detached property, would make the perfect family home, with exceptional potential, the perfect property for those looking for something a little different in the Little Stoke area that they can make their own, this three bedroom 1930’s built semi-detached home with..."
"""We have lived here for 37 years and have been very happy. We were a young couple in a relatively older community, whereas we are now the older community members with younger families moving in over recent years. The neighbours here have been very friendly and look out for us. We are blessed to l..."
A charming and spacious three bedroom home situated on Wades Road in Filton. Smartly decorated throughout and cleverly arranged to maximise space - a lovely family home.
"A unique opportunity to purchase this charming, quirky, detached, bespoke, ECO home boasting elevated living, a grass roof and stunning views."
"Tucked away on a quiet residential road in Filton, this stunning three bedroom 1930's home combines a mixture of original and seamless contemporary decor throughout to create a stylish and comfortable home."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000 TWO-BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM, THIRD FLOOR APARTMENT IN BRISTOL CITY CENTRE WITH SECURE PARKING SPACE AND 24HR CONCIERGE
"
"A 3 bedroom detached property located on Briarside Road in Brentry with off street parking and offered with no onward chain. The property boasts an open plan lounge/diner, fitted kitchen, conservatory, 3 bedrooms, shower room and a rear garden. The ground floor is accessed via a porch wh..."
Hollis Morgan – MARCH LIVE ONLINE AUCTION – A Freehold DETACHED HOUSE ( 2319 Sq Ft ) occupying a LARGE MATURE PLOT ( 0.25 a ) with DOUBLE GARAGE in need of UPDATING with REDUCED PRICE previously £550k
"We are delighted to offer to the market a great new property situated within the Paintworks area of Bristol, which has great transport links to the city centre, Temple Meads and surrounding areas of Bristol. This three-bedroom house offers great space and modern fixtures and fittings througho..."
"An EXTENDED three bedroom semi detached home within walking distance of Hengrove Leisure Centre and Imperial Retail park, conveniently located for local bus routes providing easy access to Bristol City Centre, nearby local amenities and schools such as the outstanding Bridge Farm Primary School ..."
"Hunters of Easton are proud to present a tale of two dynamics. This three bedroom, Victorian style house, has been structurally enhanced and extended, eschewing generous communal and social spaces, inspiring flexible living. Located on a pleasant cul de sac, amongst aesthetically handsome ba..."
"An exceedingly spacious and light filled, 3 double bedroom, 2 bath/shower room second floor purpose built apartment, circa 1,050 sq. ft., having stunning elevated views on 3 sides, covered balcony, lift and stairwell access, garage, shared parking and communal gardens. Set in peaceful surround..."
"Matthews Estates are pleased to offer to the open market this three bedroom Victorian terraced home, comprising of two reception rooms, kitchen diner and a bathroom to the ground floor together with three bedrooms to the first, further benefits include double glazing, gas central heating. This pr..."
Situated in Rathbone Close is this three bedroom semi-detached bungalow. Upon entering the home through the front door you have three bedrooms either side of the hallway all measuring double in size. The master bedroom has a built in wardrobe as well as an en-suite shower room. Furthe...
A delightful 2 bedroom apartment with open plan living area offering views over the Graving Dock with the floating harbour beyond.
"""We have loved living on Luckwell Road. It offers access to beautiful green spaces, with Greville Smyth Park just down the road and then onward to Leigh Woods and Ashton Court. In contrast, the creative city streets of North Street are just on our doorstep, with a short walk to the exciting Wappi..."
