Summary
"Sell your home with PART EXCHANGE AND GET FLOORING WORTH £3,362 & 3,749 PAID LBTT OR CHOOSE A £14,149 DEPOSIT BOOST and move into this 4 bedroom home in Bucksburn, a stylish detached family home with single integral garage. Downstairs there is a sizeable lounge with an open-plan kitchen/dining a..."
"Exceptional Care Home, Retirement Living and Retail Development Opportunity"
"Spectacular mansion house set on a south facing site, with sheltered grounds, a small lake, tennis court and woodlands. Spa complex, swimming pool & housekeeper’s accommodation."
Prime residential development opportunity on the former site of Aberdeen Exhibition and Conference Centre in the popular Bridge of Don area.
"A magnificent residence set in about 3.47 acres of stunning private grounds with swimming pool/leisure complex, gym, tennis court and large garage block."
"Magnificent residence versatile for multi generational living in about two and half acres with garden and mountain views, luxury triple garage block, orangery and tennis court. "
A magnificent mansion house built in 2016 on the outskirts of Aberdeen.
"This prestigious six bedroomed family home is in a prime location. The property is in an elevated position, facing south and enjoys timeless views of the landscaped garden and mature woodlands. A rare opportunity to own a prestigious family home."
Set in mature and secluded garden grounds this superb residence is one of Cults' best kept secrets.
"Unique, fully renovated traditional granite property dating back to 1830, on south facing aspect with superb views over the Dee Valley and gardens of about 1.4 acres."
Detached granite townhouse with highly desirable period features in the picturesque West End district of Aberdeen City.
Superb late Georgian townhouse for flexible family living.
A fabulous opportunity to acquire a stunning country house in the heart of Aberdeen.
Superior five bedroom detached family home in the desirable village of Cults.
DELIGHTFUL 4/5 BEDROOM HOME. SOUGHT AFTER ABERDEEN SUBURB OF BIELDSIDE. OFFERING PRIVACY AND VIEWS ACROSS ROYAL DEESIDE. HIGHLY REGARDED SCHOOLS. Call Gary on to arrange a viewing. We are delighted to have been instructed to market this excellent 4/5 bedroom home in a very ...
"Situated within a desirable street in Aberdeen we are delighted to offer for sale this beautiful townhouse, which is on three levels, and has been thoughtfully upgraded by the present owners. The house retains many traditional features such as cornicing, picture rails, sash and case windows and ..."
'The Yew' is one of our most popular 5 bedroom homes. Home 29 is set in an enviable position within the development and ready to move into. On entering the property there is a generous hall featuring a cupboard for coats/ shoes etc. The ground floor features a separate lounge to the front of t...
"Enjoy PART EXCHANGE XTRA AND HALF OF YOUR LBTT PAID WORTH £13,249 OR £26,499 BOOST TOWARDS YOUR DEPOSIT! On the ground floor you will find a generous OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN, with adjacent utility, and a breakfast and family area leading to the garden via a GLAZED BAY. A separate lounge, dining room an..."
"'The Beech' is a superb four bedroom detached home offering a very spacious level of family accommodation. Home 83 enjoys a good position within the development and has a private, fully enclosed, west facing rear garden. On entering the property there is a real sense of space with all accommod..."
"We are pleased to present this beautiful four bedroom detached house located in Bridge of Don. This spacious family home is offered unfurnished and is conveniently located for the Dyce industrial estate, Aberdeen Airport, excellent schools and recreational facilities, this property is ideal for f..."
"Get PART EXCHANGE XTRA AND HALF OF YOUR LBTT PAID WORTH £10,174 OR CHOOSE £23,499 BOOST TOWARDS YOUR DEPOSIT! This 4 bedroom home in Countesswells is a stylish detached family home with double garage. Downstairs there is a sizeable lounge with an open-plan kitchen/dining and a separate WC and uti..."
"Versatile 4 Bedroom Home, Exclusive Garden and Off Street Parking."
 RARE OPPORTUNITY !!! 252sqm 4 BEDROOM ARCHITECT BUILT FAMILY HOME NEAR ABERDEEN'S KINGS GATE. Virtual Tour Available and Video Tour Available To Arrange a Viewing Please Call John Mair John Mair & RE/MAX Aberdeen City & Shire are delighted to bring to market this finishe...
Considerable potential in a highly desirable setting.
Prestigious West End residential suburb.
"GET PART EXCHANGE, LBTT PAID WORTH £2,099 & FREE FLOORING WORTH £3,194 OR A MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION WORTH £12,499 at this 3 bedroom home in Bucksburn is fantastic for growing families or those looking to step up the property ladder in Aberdeen. Downstairs, you will be impressed by the spacious loun..."
"GOT A HOME TO SELL? Ask us how you can move to Charleston Green with a GUARANTEED BUYER FOR YOUR EXISTING HOME WITH PART EXCHANGE & £2,099 PAID LBTT. No home to sell? Get a a £12,499 DEPOSIT BOOST! Book an appointment and start your new home journey at Charleston Green. This 3 BED HOME IN COVE of..."
"Choose form PART EXCHANGE OR FLOORING WORTH £4,892 and move into this 4 bedroom home in Countesswells, a stylish detached family home with single integral garage. Downstairs there is a sizeable lounge with an open-plan kitchen/dining and a separate WC and utility room. Upstairs are four double be..."
An exciting opportunity to acquire a 4 bedroom detached family home with sea and tree lined views along with a neighbouring plot of land with planning permission for a similar sized dwelling with driveway access.
"Get £19,749 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT, MOVING COSTS OR BILLS OR CHOOSE PART EXCHANGE & £12,849 PAID LBTT! What's more, FLOORING WORTH OVER £4,681 IS INCLUDED. This 4 bedroom home in Countesswells is a stylish detached family home with integral garage for added security. Downstairs th..."
"Move to Countesswells for Summer with Part Exchange or a huge contribution to your deposit or mortgage or bills, plus flooring. This property with detached single garage has impressive lounge and kitchen/family room there's also a utility space and handy study. Upstairs, a main bedroom with en su..."
"Town house, country house... This property can be described as both. Located in Pitfodels surrounded by woodland."
"Get PART EXCHANGE & £11,849 PAID LBTT OR £19,249 TOWARDS MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR BILLS. WHAT'S MORE WE WILL ADD FLOORING WORTH £4,892! A practical family home designed for modern living where light and space rule. An open-plan kitchen with adjacent utility room has bright dining and family areas lea..."
Stunning South Anderson Drive! Martin and Co are very proud to offer for sale this beautiful refurbished three-bedroom detached house. The property is built of traditional solid granite and has been refurbished on the ground and upper floors. There is also a full-height basement and garage access...
"Get £18,999 MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION AND FREE FLOORING WORTH £4,681! OR IF YOU HAVE A HOME TO SELL, PART EXCHANGE AND GET  £11,349 PAID LBTT! This - ready to move into - 4 bedroom home in Countesswells is a fantastic home. Downstairs there is a sizeable lounge with an open-plan kitchen/dining and a ..."
"This impressive 4 bedroom home benefits from fantastic location OVERLOOKING GREEN SPACE and with a LARGE SOUTH FACING GARDEN within walking distance to the Charleston Primary School. Get £10,349 LBTT paid or Part Exchange Xtra and make the move in Summer/Autumn 2023. You will be amazed by the LAR..."
"The Balloch is a beautifully presented 4 BEDROOM DETACHED home with a lARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY AREA with FRENCH DOORS leading onto the rear garden. The ground floor also features a SPACIOUS LOUNGE, WC, utility area and a HANDY STUDY.
Upstairs you will find FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, the m..."
"Fantastic development potential for investors to convert building into a series of flats or perhaps a bed and breakfast or holiday lets. The building is currently set up as three flats 18B, 18C AND 18D with a large basement used as an office which offers potential to be converted into two further..."
"CHOOSE PART EXCHANGE OR £17,749 DEPOSIT BOOST and move into this stunningly designed Dean home in Countesswells, perfect for modern living. Located within the cul de sac of contemporary homes, it offers 4 bedrooms, an en suite, WC and family bathroom, and generous living spaces for family gatheri..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this well presented FOUR/FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW, situated in the popular residential area of Kingswells that is ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and schooling. Upon entering the property via the vestibule the..."
"We’re delighted to Welcome this well presented five bedroom detached home to the market in the Cove Bay area of Aberdeen. The main features of the property include: Ground Floor - A modern style kitchen with table and stools, connected is a small utility room with space for washer/dryer. A spaci..."
"Get a £17,999 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT, MOVING COSTS OR BILLS OR, IF YOU HAVE A HOME TO SELL, CHOOSE PART EXCHANGE! What's more, FLOORING WORTH OVER £4,546 INCLUDED. Move to Bucksburn into an energy efficient new home for you and your family at Hopecroft. This 4 bedroom property wit..."
"Have a home to sell? Get PART EXCHANGE XTRA! OR, YOU COULD CHOOSE BETWEEN FLOORING WORTH OVER £4,000 AND £8,349 PAID LBTT! The Lauriston is a stunning town house with integral garage set over three storeys. Featuring an open-plan kitchen/dining area with French doors leading out to your garden on..."
"Get PART EXCHANGE XTRA OR PAID LBTT WORTH £6,849! This popular 4 bedroom property in Cove is an ideal family home just 5 miles from Aberdeen city centre. Ask about our offers to help you move. Downstairs, you will find a large lounge, an open-plan kitchen/dining room ideal for entertaining and a ..."
Heads turn for Hazelbank. Click on Virtual Tour! Martin and Co are proud to offer this beautifully four-bedroom semi-detached house. The property spans three floors and is stylishly finished throughout. It also offers a self-contained business office. Viewing is highly recommended to apricate thi...
" ***£50,000 BELOW HOME REPORT VALUATION*** Purplebricks are delighted to offer for sale this impressive FIVE BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE which is conveniently located near the city centre and close to local amenities. The ground floor comprises: entrance hall with downstairs t..."
"Enjoy PART EXCHANGE XTRA & £5,849 LBTT PAID OR BOOST YOUR DEPOSIT BY £16,249 when you move into this stylish 4 double bedroom family home in Countesswells. Downstairs there is a sizeable lounge with an open-plan kitchen/dining and a separate WC and utility room. Upstairs, there is a spacious main..."
"Step into Springfield place. Click on the virtual tour! Martin and Co are proud to offer this 4-bedroom semi-detached house in the West End area of Aberdeen. This property offers 3-bedrooms and a bathroom on the top floor, and a bedroom with ensuite, as well as a kitchen and large living/dining r..."
"Get PART EXCHANGE, £5,849 LBTT PAID & FLOORING WORTH £4,289! This detached 4 bedroom home in Bucksburn, has UPGRADES INCLUDED WORTH OVER £3,000 and it is ideal for family living. Downstairs there is an open-plan kitchen/dining and a separate WC. Upstairs, there is a spacious main bedroom with an ..."
"Get £15,499 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT, MOVING COSTS OR BILLS at this spacious end-terraced townhouse in Bucksburn - OR PART EXCHANGE. Flexible living space over three levels, downstairs provides an open-plan area with kitchen positioned to the front of the property and a living and d..."
"GET £15,499 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT, MOVING COSTS OR BILLS WITH FLOORING INCLUDED WORTH OVER £4,289! OR IF YOU HAVE A HOME TO SELL, GET PART EXCHANGE & £5,099 LBTT PAID. With a stunning design and high-quality finish, the Dean is a perfect home for modern living in Bucksburn. Locat..."
"UNIQUE SUPERB 2/3 BEDROOM PROPERTY IN A SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Virtual Tour Available - Video Tour Available To Arrange a Viewing Please Call John Mair This property is a masterclass in modern living. On the ground floor, you'll find a light-filled dining room/kitchen and formal lo..."
"Choose an offer for huge savings and a smooth move! Get PART EXCHANGE OR CHOOSE A £15,249 TOWARDS MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR BILLS and start your exciting new home journey at Hopecroft in Bucksburn. This popular 4 bedroom property close to Dyce is a great family home. Downstairs, the lounge leads throu..."
"Choose a £15,249 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT, MOVING COSTS OR BILLS OR PART EXCHANGE & £4,849 LBTT PAID. FURTHERMORE YOU WILL GET FREE FLOORING WORTH £4,137! Make the move into a beautifully presented family home in Bucksburn. The Mey is a unique 4 bed detached home with a spacious ope..."
"GET PART EXCHANGE & £4,599 LBTT PAID OR WE WILL PAY A £14,999 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT, MOVING COSTS OR BILLS, when you move into This popular 4 bedroom family home close to Dyce. Downstairs, the lounge leads through to a spacious kitchen/dining room with access to the rear garden. ..."
"Northwood Aberdeen is delighted to bring to the market for sale this immaculate and modern family home in the popular Charleston Cove area of Aberdeen providing easy access to the City and benefitting from single garage, two allocated parking spaces and front and rear private gardens. The prop..."
"Exceptionally desirable two bedroomed, second floor, corner apartment featuring a large main balcony and two Juliet balconies that allow light throughout. The apartment is located within the Beeches Gate development in Craigiebuckler, a charming, residential area of the city with shops and parks ..."
"Start your new home journey at Charleston Green in Cove. Ready for Summer 2023, you can get £14,749 TOWARDS YOUR DEPOSIT, or if you have a home to sell ask us about PART EXCHANGE AND GET YOUR LBTT PAID TOO. Discover how close walking distance your new home is to the Charleston Primary School. Boo..."
SUPERB FOUR BEDROOM HOUSE VERY POPULAR RESIDENTIAL AREA Virtual Tour Available and Video Tour Available This property would make a great Family Home. To Arrange a Viewing Please Call Lee-Ann Low on . For a Copy of The Home Report Email Lee-Ann Low ...
Executive Self Contained Five Bedroom Apartment with current HMO licence with a yield of 9.4%. Desirable location minutes from University & City Centre. The property comes with a Sitting Tenant who will be in the property until July.
"A brilliant family home only a few miles from the hustle and bustle of the city centre but with stunning park and sea views. There is also the option to buy a plot to the right of the current dwelling which has planning permission to build on, the price of this is available on request."
"NEW HOUSETYPE RELEASED IN BUCKSBURN COULD BE YOURS WITH A £14.499 MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION PLUS FREE FLOORING WORTH £4,300! OR IF YOU HAVE A HOME TO SELL, PART EXCHANGE AND GET £4,099 PAID LBTT. Set over three storeys, this home features a bright and open-plan kitchen, dining and lounge. The lounge ..."
"The Ash 3 is one of our most popular three-bedroom homes, ideal for couples and young families or those looking to downsize and stay in one of the best locations in Aberdeen. On the ground floor, the property features a spacious dual aspect open-plan lounge/ dining/ kitchen, from which French ..."
"Home to sell? Get PART EXCHANGE, FLOORING WORTH £3,362 & 3,949 PAID LBTT OR CHOOSE A £14,349 DEPOSIT BOOST! Move into this 4 bedroom home in Bucksburn, a modern detached family home with single integral garage. Downstairs there is a sizeable lounge with an open-plan kitchen/dining and a separate ..."
"A lovely four-bedroom terraced house in the desirable area of Belmont Road, this property has lovely original features, situated in a central location with all the benefits of city centre living."
"Within the sought after coastal suburb of Cove Bay we are delighted to bring to the market for sale this immaculate four bedroom, two public room, two bathroom detached dwelling house with garage and off street parking. Offering spacious accommodation throughout this property is certain to appea..."
"We are delighted to bring to the market this immaculate four bedroom townhouse with integral garage situated within the ever popular Grandholm Village. Within close commuting distance of the major business parks and riverside walks on its door step, this property is certain to appeal to families,..."
"If you have a home to sell, you can get PART EXCHANGE & £2,849 LBTT PAID! OR CHOOSE £13,249  TOWARDS YOUR MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT, MOVING COSTS OR BILLS. What's more, we will include FLOORING WORTH OVER £3,378. The Craigend is a fantastic 3 bedroom semi-detached home in Countesswells with a modern open..."
"We are delighted to bring to market a modern 4 bedroom detached house with garage at the recently completed Riverside Quarter development in Bucksburn. The development is located close to Bridge of Don, Dyce and 3 miles from the city centre. Click on EPC for Home Report. The property has be..."
"Spacious four bedroom, self-contained upper apartment is situated in a very popular location in the Ferryhill area of Aberdeen City. This well-presented apartment forms two upper floors of a traditional granite building enjoys benefits such as gas heating, double glazing and would be a great purc..."
"CHOOSE FROM PART EXCHANGE XTRA, £2,599 PAID LBTT OR PAID FLOORING WORTH £3,378! Make the move to this popular 3 bedroom semi-detached home in a new development in Bucksburn, Aberdeen which offers plenty of space for a growing family. Downstairs, the living room provides a great space for relaxing..."
"Choose from PART EXCHANGE OR £2,499 LBTT PAID on this home at Charleston Green! This 3 bedroom home in Cove is ideal for a growing family. Downstairs there is an open-plan kitchen/dining and a separate WC. Upstairs, there is a spacious main bedroom with an en suite, 2 further bedrooms and a famil..."
"IMMACULATE 2 BEDROOM, GROUND FLOOR, APARTMENT IN DESIRABLE WEST END. A PERFECT MIX OF PERIOD FEATURES AND MODERN AMENITIES Call Gary on to arrange your viewing. We are delighted to bring to the market this superb 2 bedroom ground floor apartment in the very sought after west ..."
"Sell your home with PART EXCHANGE AND £2,099 PAID LBTT OR IF NO HOME TO SELL, GET £12,499 TOWARDS YOUR MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT, MOVING COSTS OR BILLS and move to this popular 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME WITH DRIVEWAY at Riverside Quarter. Downstairs, the living room provides a great space for relaxing..."
"Get PART EXCHANGE & £2,099 PAID LBTT OR CHOOSE £12,499 DEPOSIT BOOST. WHAT'S MORE, WE WILL ADD FREE FLOORING WORTH OVER £3,378! Make the move to this popular 3 bedroom semi-detached home in Aberdeen which offers plenty of space for a growing family. Downstairs, the living room provides a great sp..."
Spacious detached 4-bedroom property in walk-in condition.
"Start your new home journey at King's Gallop with PART EXCHANGE OR £12,349 TOWARDS YOUR MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT, MOVING COSTS OR BILLS! This 3 bedroom home in Countesswells is great for those looking to join or move up the property ladder. Downstairs, you will find a sizeable lounge, open-plan kitchen ..."
This beautifully presented granite 3 bed 2 reception semi detached property with large driveway and garage in Rosehill Drive Aberdeen is packed with gorgeous period features and wonderful gardens will make an ideal family home for you.
"The Express Estate Agency is proud to offer this Two Bedroom Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED. *Guide Price £245,000 - £265,000*"
"Get PART EXCHANGE AND £1,999 LBTT PAID or, if you don't have a home to sell, choose £12,249 BOOST TOWARDS YOUR DEPOSIT! This 3 bed home at Hopecroft View in Bucksburn offers a spacious kitchen/dining area with French doors leading out to your garden, as well as a separate lounge. You’ll also find..."
"Get PART EXCHANGE & £1,999 PAID LBTT OR CHOOSE £12,249 TOWARDS MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR BILLS. This 3 bedroom home is ideal for those looking to join or move up the property ladder. Downstairs there is an open-plan kitchen/dining and a separate WC and utility space. Upstairs, the main bedroom feature..."
"AVAILABLE AT £240,000 - Semi-detached house,Full vacant possession,TO SELL YOUR PROPERTY IN OUR NEXT AUCTION CALL US NOW"
"Looking for your FIRST HOME? Start your new home journey at King's Gallop and move in 2023 with FREE FLOORING and a choice of an £11,999 DEPOSIT BOOST OR PART EXCHANGE. This 3 bedroom home in Countesswells is great for those looking to join or move up the property ladder. Downstairs, you will fin..."
"ENJOY PART EXCHANGE XTRA AND FLOORING WORTH OVER £2,000 OR YOU COULD BOOST YOUR DEPOSIT BY £11,999 when you move into this bright and spacious 2 bedroom apartment in Aberdeen. With lift access up to the third floor you'll find open-plan living, a main bedroom with en suite, a flexible double bedr..."
Within the popular suburb of Bridge of Don we are delighted to bring to the market for sale this superb three bedroom semi detached dwelling house with conservatory and large integral garage. Presented to walk-in standard throughout to include newly fitted kitchen and modern tasteful decor throug...
Within a sought after location close to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary and the University of Aberdeen we are delighted to bring to the market for sale this exceptionally spacious three bedroom semi detached dwelling house. Benefiting from the modern comforts of gas central heating & double glazing this...
"Now available with PART EXCHANGE or a 5% MORTGAGE DEPOSIT CONTRIBUTION WORTH £11,625!"
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this lovely FOUR BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE, situated in a popular residential and convenient area that is ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and schooling. Upon entering the hallway via the vestibule, the spacious extent ..."
20K BELOW VALUATION* This large well presented FOUR double bedroom end terraced house in Bridge of Don makes an ideal home for both first-time buyers or those looking to upsize from an apartment to a house.The property has had an extension and comes with gas central heating and double glazing
"Move to Riverside Quarter with an £11,499 TOWARDS YOUR MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT, MOVING COSTS OR BILLS PLUS FLOORING ON US, or if you have a home to sell ask us about PART EXCHANGE AND LBTT PAID. and move in 2023 to your ENERGY EFFICIENT new home at Riverside Quarter. This 3 BEDROOM END-TERRACED home in..."
"Northwood Aberdeen is delighted to bring to the sales market this well presented and spacious three bedroom, two bathroom detached bungalow with large garden, private driveway and garage in a quiet cul de sac location in the popular coastal town of Cove. The property is neutrally decorated, in..."
"Home to sell? You can PART EXCHANGE AND GET £1,659 LBTT PAID OR CHOOSE £11,399 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS YOUR MORTGAGE! Start your new home journey at Hopecroft and move into an energy efficient new home for 2023. This 3 bedroom end-terraced home in Bucksburn is great for those looking to join or move..."
"Get PART EXCHANGE AND £1,659 PAID LBTT OR IF NO HOME TO SELL, GET £11,399 TOWARDS YOUR MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT, MOVING COSTS OR BILLS. This 3 bedroom home in COUNTESSWELLS is ideal for FIRST TIME BUYERS or if you're looking to move up the Property Ladder. On the ground floor you will find a sizeable lo..."
"Now available with ASSURED SALE or a 5% MORTGAGE DEPOSIT CONTRIBUTION WORTH £11,375!"
"We are proud to present this Two Bedroom End Terrace House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £225,000 - £250,000*"
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this lovely THREE BEDROOM DETACHED property situated in Old Aberdeen and is ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and Universities The property comprises open plan lounge/kitchen and a double bedroom on the ground floor..."
"Now available with ASSURED SALE or a 5% MORTGAGE DEPOSIT CONTRIBUTION WORTH £11,247!"
"We are delighted to bring to the market for sale this exceptionally spacious three bedroom, two public room, semi detached dwelling house with substantial garage. Set on a quiet residential street within walking distance of Aberdeen Royal Infirmary, Royal Cornhill Hospital and the University of A..."
"Generous 4-bedroom detached house close to transport links, local amenities, Aberdeen Royal Infirmary."
"Spacious, three/ four bedroom, mid terraced house is situated in a very popular location in the West-End of Aberdeen City. Spanning over two floors with a large front garden and enjoys benefits of gas heating, double glazing, this would be a great purchase for professionals or families. The acco..."
 360 Virtual Tour and Video Tour Available EXECUTIVE FOUR BEDROOM SPLIT LEVEL APARTMENT IN ABERDEEN CITY CENTRE WITH PRIVATE GYM AND UNDERGROUND PARKING Yvette and RE/MAX Aberdeen are delighted to have been instructed to market this beautiful only one of this style on the develo...
"CRACKING CLIFTON ROAD. Click on VIRTUAL TOUR! This three bedroom semi-detached house with garage property is located in the Hilton area. The property spans two levels of spacious accommodation, enjoying the comforts of gas central heating and double glazed windows. The accommodation has been deco..."
"We are delighted to bring to the market this beautifully presented two bedroom first floor apartment situated within the Kepplestone Development just off Queens Road in Aberdeen. The property offers spacious and comfortable accommodation and comprises of beautifully appointed lounge, modern kitc..."
"Home to sell? You can PART EXCHANGE XTRA OR GET FLOORING WORTH £1,000. OR YOU CAN CHOOSE £10,449 BOOST TOWARDS YOUR DEPOSIT! Book your appointment at Westburn Gardens and start your journey to a new 5-star apartment in Aberdeen. This spacious 2 bedroom apartment with lift access is ideal for city..."
Northwood Aberdeen is delighted to bring to the sales market this bright and spacious semi-detached family home in the popular suburb of Altens with easy access into the City Centre and around the City with the Aberdeen By-Pass Route and A92 just a short distance away. The property has a brigh...
"Get PART EXCHANGE XTRA OR FLOORING WORTH £1,000. OR, YOU CAN GET £10,199 BOOST TOWARDS YOUR DEPOSIT! Book your appointment at Westburn Gardens and start your journey to a new 5-star apartment in Aberdeen. This spacious 2 bedroom apartment with lift access is ideal for city living. You will find a..."
"Situated within the popular residential area of Bridge of Don, this well kept four bedroom family home is a must see. The two story accommodation benefits from the modern comforts of gas central heating and double glazing, as well as a generous driveway and well sized garden."
"Come and View Corunna Place! Martin and Co are proud to offer for sale this high-end, three-bedroom top-floor apartment in the bridge of don area of Aberdeen. This listed building originally served as Military Barracks but has been converted and is stylishly finished throughout while maintaining ..."
"Northwood Aberdeen are delighted to offer for sale this stunning, modern three bedroom, three bathroom family home in the popular area of Mugiemoss, Bucksburn and gives easy access to Aberdeen City Centre, Dyce and amenities. The property was built in 2016 by Persimmon Homes and benefits from ..."
"This is a highly functional, attractive three bedroom home that provides modern accommodation in a contemporary setting."
" Virtual Tour Available and Video Tour Available Riverside Quarter 84 Mugiemoss Road, Bucksburn, Aberdeen To Arrange a Viewing Please Call John Mair John Mair & RE/MAX Aberdeen City and Shire are delighted to offer this immaculately presented modern THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED ..."
"Well presented, five bedroom Terraced House is available for sale in the Ashgrove area of Aberdeen City. Spanning over three floors this spacious accommodation is ready to move into and comprises of: entrance hallway with under stair cupboard; good sized living room; fitted dining kitchen with ac..."
"Within the sought after suburb of Bridge of Don we are delighted to bring to the market this three bedroom end terraced dwelling house. Presented to walk-in condition throughout this home is certain to appeal to families, professionals and first time buyers alike. The property is fully serviced ..."
"Reserve with PART EXCHANGE OR A £9,749 MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION and start your new home journey in the country yet close to Aberdeen city at Riverside Quarter. This terrific 2 bedroom property in Bucksburn is an ideal starter home to get you on the property ladder. Downstairs, you will find a good-s..."
"You can PART EXCHANGE & GET £999 PAID LBTT OR CHOOSE £9,749 TOWARDS MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR BILLS. What's' more YOU WILL GET FREE FLOORING WORTH OVER £2,500! With a stunning design and high-quality finish, the Glenlair is a perfect home for modern living in Bucksburn. It offers 3 bedrooms, an en sui..."
"Sitting within large secluded garden grounds we are delighted to bring to the market for sale this superb two bedroom detached bungalow with garage and BBQ hut. Offering spacious accommodation throughout this is the perfect purchase for downsizers, professionals and families alike. This property..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this IMMACULATELY PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM, SELF CONTAINED GROUND FLOOR FLAT situated in the popular and sought after area of Cults. The ready to move into property comprises lounge, kitchen, shower room and two double bedrooms with a further sin..."
"The property is freshly decorated, carpeted, and in immaculate walk-in condition;"
"PART EXCHANGE YOUR HOME & GET £899 PAID LBTT or CHOOSE £9,499 TOWARDS MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR BILLS. We will add FREE FLOORING WORTH OVER £2,800. Move near Aberdeen city centre and enjoy a safe country location with the River Don a short walk away. This terrific 2 bedroom property in Bucksburn is an..."
"An immaculate, modernised, walk-in condition, three-bedroom mid-terrace house at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac in Cove Bay"
"Newly released with a choice of free flooring included, this 2 bedroom ground floor apartment is ideal for city living in Aberdeen. It could be yours with a 5% Deposit Boost or Part Exchange! You will find an open-plan kitchen/dining/family room, a spacious main bedroom with built-in wardrobes, a..."
"Being Sold by Online Auction Starting Bids from £185,000 Buy it now option available Please call or visit Purplebricks Online Auctions for more information. This property is for sale by Modern Method of Auction. The Modern Method of Auction is a flexible buyer friendly method of purchase. The..."
1a Marywell is a top-quality spacious (circa 94m2) park home situated on a superb plot (which is not overlooked) finished to the highest standards.
We are delighted to present to the market this attractive traditional three bedroom end of terrace house situated in the tranquil costal village of Cove Bay just south of Aberdeen City Centre.
"This homely 3 BED SEMI is offered for sale in the ever popular area of Bridge of Don / Danestone. Situated at the end of a quiet Cul-de-Sac, the generous and flexible living accommodation make this peaceful property a delight for all.
Early viewing is essential.
WELCOME HOME."
" ***£15,000 BELOW HOME REPORT VALUATION*** Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this lovely THREE BEDROOM FLAT situated in the city centre and ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links, schooling and Aberdeen Harbour.
This well kept..."
"If you are wanting to live within walking distance of the city centre and all its amenities but with the volume turned down then look no further, this stunning 2 Bed Grd Floor Apartment, set within a private courtyard and secure underground parking is ready for you to move straight in and unpack."
"Well presented end terrace bungalow in Danestone, Bridge of Don, situated at the end of a cul-de-sac, close to local amenities, transportation links, primary school and academy."
"Dee street has this exclusive flat in the city centre with much sought-after private parking, a gym, leisure area; this 2-bed flat provides everything a city-dweller could want including two en-suites. Only a few minutes walk from Aberdeen train station, and only a 25 minute drive to the airport."
" NEW PRICE. £10,000 BELOW HR VALUE. Virtual Tour Available and Video Tour Available RE/MAX Aberdeen City & Shire are delighted to offer for sale this impressive mid terrace villa which is situated in the quiet suburb of Stoneywood. Spanning two floors of generous accommodation, the p..."
"Northwood Aberdeen is delighted to offer for sale this spacious three bedroom double upper home in close proximity to Aberdeen University campus and City Centre. The accommodation has excellent storage, is in ready to move in condition and having recently obtained a HMO license, this property ..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this lovely TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE situated in a convenient and well established residential area that is ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and schooling. The accommodation comprises on the ground floor: entr..."
"*** Putting the ZING into AMAZING...*** This Amazing 3 BED PENTHOUSE FLAT, occupying the whole of the top floor and offering spectacular views from the large curved window to the lounge.
So if you are looking for somewhere close to the city but with the volume turned down...
WELCOME HOME."
"We are truly delighted to offer to the market for sale this exceptionally spacious two bedroom, two bathroom apartment with lift access in the heart of Aberdeen City Centre. This is the flagship apartment of the sought after Fraser House development on the corner of Union Street & Market Street a..."
"A hidden gem, Ideal first time buyer property for young families. 50 Donald Dewar Court, Aberdeen, AB16 5JB Virtual Tour Available and Video Tour Available To Arrange a Viewing Please Call John Mair John Mair & RE/MAX Aberdeen City and Shire are delighted to offer this modern T..."
Two-bedroom self-contained Immaculate Victorian property.
"The property has been INDEPENDENTLY VALUED at £170,000 by a Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) qualified surveyor. This semi-detached villa offers a reception room, a fitted kitchen, three well-proportioned bedrooms and a three-piece shower room. Externally, the property boast..."
Superb one bedroom apartment with a Juliet balcony on the first floor within a prestigious retirement development located within the Craigiebuckler area of Aberdeen
"** Priced £10,000 below home report valuation** We are delighted to present for sale this spacious, contemporary two bedroom, two bathroom, upper apartment with lift access situated within the prestigious Ocean Development by Barratt Homes. The property is in move-in condition throughout and ha..."
Northwood Aberdeen is delighted to offer for sale this spacious and well-presented self-contained ground floor double bedroom apartment with two reception rooms in the popular Mid Stocket area of Aberdeen and easy access to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary and the City Centre. The property has been fr...
"Northwood Aberdeen is delighted to offer for sale this executive first floor apartment with private allocated parking in the popular area of Rubislaw, allowing easy access to the City Centre and commute around the City. The property benefits from two double bedrooms, excellent storage and a mo..."
"Great Grandholm Crescent! Click on Virtual Tour! Martin and Co are proud to offer this beautiful 3 bedroom flat in the bridge of don area of Aberdeen. This property is a top-floor flat with 3 large bedrooms, one of which offers an en-suite. A large open plan kitchen/dining and living room area. V..."
****REDUCED**** Fantastic opportunity to purchase a modern top floor two bedroom apartment with sun terrace situated within the Ocean Apartments development. The bright and spacious property consists of Lounge/Kitchen/Diner on open plan with access to the terrace where you can relax after a hec...
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this lovely THREE BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE situated in a convenient and well established residential area that is ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and schooling. This well presented property comprises lounge, kitchen, ..."
"Video and 360 degree Tour Available Lee-Ann Low with RE/MAX Coast and Country is delighted to bring to the market this Two-Bedroom Semi-Detached house nestled in an idyllic cul-de-sac of Bridge of Don. It has all the comforts of modern living with gas central heating, double-glazing and spaci..."
"This thoughtfully designed 1 bedroom apartment situated on the top floor offers you a spacious kitchen/dining/living room, a double bedroom with built in wardrobe and a handy utility room and convenient shower room."
"We are delighted to bring to the market for sale this immaculate two bedroom, two bathroom top floor apartment which is set within an exclusive purpose built development. Benefiting from state-of-the-art kitchen, newly fitted shower room, en-suite and presented to walk-in condition throughout thi..."
"WELCOME TO IVANHOE ROAD. This immaculate 3 bedroom home is beautifully presented and decorated
throughout and just waiting for you to move in with nothing to do but unpack and enjoy.
With semi open plan living, ample parking and a great sized back garden.
what's not to love?
BOOK TODAY "
"We are delighted to bring to market this beautiful and spacious top floor TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT ideally located within a prestigious development in the sought after area of Mannofield, west of the city centre. The well-presented property comprises of a welcoming hallway, bright and airy lounge to..."
"***LISTED £5K BELOW HOME REPORT VALUE*** Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this well presented TWO BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW situated in the convenient and sought after area of Cove. It is ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and schooling. The pro..."
"Video and 360 degree Tour Available Lee-Ann Low with RE/MAX Aberdeen City and Shire is delighted to offer this FABULOUS THREE BEDROOM END TERRACE HOUSE, in a lovely residential area of Aberdeen. Situated in a quiet street and finished in a high standard this property has just been newly ref..."
"*Listed £15,000 Below Home Report Value* Fantastic opportunity to purchase a two-bedroom flat in a prestigious secure gated factored development in excellent proximity to the city centre, local amenities and parks. Off-street dedicated parking, we are delighted to offer for sale this well proport..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a spacious two-bedroom end-terrace property with a full-size basement with a separate entry at the property's rear, offering exceptional storage options and conversion possibilities."
This property is being sold by public auction pre auction offers will be considered. Please contact Auction House Scotland for further information.
"Well presented, three-bedroom Terraced House is available for sale in the Northfield area of Aberdeen City. The spacious accommodation is ready to move into and comprises of: entrance hallway; large lounge with large window to the front, kitchen diner with a range of wall and base units; three do..."
"The property has been INDEPENDENTLY VALUED at £175,000 by a Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) qualified surveyor. This beautiful end-terrace cottage requires minimal work to make this lovely home move-in ready. Featuring a very generous layout and located very close to the c..."
"Within a modern purpose built development a short walking distance from Aberdeen Royal Infirmary, Royal Cornhill Hospital, The University of Aberdeen and North East Scotland College we are delighted to offer to the market for sale this three bedroom, two bathroom top floor apartment with exclusiv..."
"Virtual Tour Available and Video Tour Available Riverside Quarter 108 Mugiemoss Road, Bucksburn, Aberdeen To Arrange a Viewing Please Call John Mair John Mair & RE/MAX Aberdeen City and Shire are delighted to offer this well presented modern TWO BEDROOM MID-TERRACED HOUSE in the..."
This excellent value and spacious three bed semi detached is perfect for first time buyers looking for their first family home or an ideal buy to let for investors due to its location so near to RGU .
"Within a sought after location close to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary and the University of Aberdeen we are delighted to bring to the market for sale this exceptionally spacious two bedroom, two public room, ground floor self contained apartment. Offering generous living space throughout this is certa..."
"MQ Estate Agents are proud to present to the open market this seldom available two-bedroom top floor flat in a highly sought-after residential area. MQ Assisted Move and part exchange is available. The generously proportioned accommodation comprises: open plan lounge and kitchen, two bedrooms a..."
 ***£40000 BELOW HOME REPORT VALUE*** Enjoying a picturesque outlook across the harbour channel and North Sea this spacious two bedroom self-contained flat is located within the charming and tranquil area of Footdee. The property offers a rare opportunity to p...
"Come and view Cove Circle. Click on virtual tour. Modern two bedroom mid terraced house situated to the south of the city, in the coastal village of Cove. Cove has a host of amenities including shops, schools and other recreational facilities. The community village is just minutes away from the C..."
"SURPRISINGLY SPACIOUS, WELL-PRESENTED 3 BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR FLAT An ideal starter home or great for students near to the University. Centrally located to shops/bus/train with easy parking, this flat is in a nice block with shared garden & basement storage unit. Viewing is a must to appreciate!"
Spacious three-bedroom double upper self-contained apartment.
This beautifully presented One-bedroom semi-detached house will make an ideal home for a first-time buyer or those looking to make the move from an apartment to a house. With gas central heating and double glazing and a sunroom with a private back garden really makes it a relaxing place to be.
"PRICE REDUCTION OF £10,000 To Arrange a Viewing Please Call John Mair Located in the ever popular and well established residential area of Danestone Bridge of Don RE/MAX are delighted to offer for sale this 3 bedroomed semi detached dwellinghouse set within a quiet location. ..."
"Are you looking for somewhere with off street parking? ...with a great sized lounge and 3 double bedrooms? easily maintained garden and walking distance to shops, schools, doctors, library and swimming pool...then this 3 BED END TERRACE needs to be top of your viewing list.
WELCOME HOME."
Spacious Two Bedroom Second Floor Apartment.
"McEwan Fraser Legal is delighted to present this substantial three-bedroom mid-terraced house, sold with a sitting tenant, currently achieving approximately £9000 per annum rental income. The property has been maintained to a high standard and would make an excellent investment / buy-to-let oppor..."
"Simple Approach are delighted to welcome this two bedroom, upper floor apartment with single garage to the Aberdeenshire market. This apartment which is fully double glazed with gas central heating provides exceptionally spacious accommodation throughout. Comprising of an entrance hallway, brig..."
"Price reduction, £15k below Home Report valuation Virtual Tour Available – Video Tour Available. Spacious 3 bedroom end terraced house located on Cornhill Gardens, Aberdeen. RE/MAX Coast & Country are delighted to have been instructed to market this spacious three bedroom end te..."
"*Listed Below Home Report Value* Spacious two bedroom, second floor apartment in a central location with an allocated parking space is available for sale. The property consists of large lounge, 2 double bedrooms with fitted wardrobes, a good size kitchen and shower room. The property benefit fr..."
"Northwood Aberdeen are delighted to offer for sale this spacious and partly renovated semi-detached home in Woodside, allowing an easy commute to Aberdeen City Centre, Aberdeen Royal Infirmary, Dyce and Aberdeen Airport. The property is set over two floors, has two double bedrooms, two bathroo..."
"Positioned within a sought after development in the Dyce area of the City we are delighted to offer to the market for sale this exceptional two bedroom, two bathroom mid floor apartment with allocated parking space. Perhaps one of the finest examples of its kind the property is easily positioned ..."
"Offers over - £145,000 2-bedroom apartment that is based in the West End of Aberdeen. This property can be sold with furnishings. Accommodation summary: Ground Floor Flat Two Double Bedroom Gas C.H & D.G. Well Presented Throughout Ideal F..."
A two-bedroom with an extended kitchen/diner Mid Terrace property offering spacious living accommodation over two floors.
Are you looking for that modern apartment with high specification and nothing to do but just unpack your boxes and make it your own... whether it's your first purchase or for investment then No. 2 is the property for you. WELCOME HOME
We are proud to present this Two Bedroom Top Floor Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.
"Desirable executive apartment, in a historic listed building."
PRICE REDUCED 15K BELOW HOME REPORT VALUATION ATTENTION FIRST TIME BUYERS Video and 360 degree Tour Available Lee-Ann Low with RE/MAX Coast and Country is delighted to offer this two bedroom end terraced dwellinghouse with driveway. Offering contemporary accommodation spanning over two floo...
"We are proud to offer this Two Bedroom Ground Floor Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £140,000 - £150,000*"
upgraded walk-in condition available for immediate possession
"Within a thriving established community we are delighted to bring to the market for sale this three bedroom mid terrace dwelling house with attic room. Offering generously proportioned accommodation this is certain to be a popular choice amongst families, first time buyers and investors alike. U..."
"Northwood Aberdeen is delighted to offer for sale this bright and spacious top floor apartment just minutes walk from Aberdeen City Centre, Aberdeen Beach and easy access to Aberdeen University.  This well presented apartment has two double bedrooms, two bathrooms and private residents pa..."
Available with a sitting tenant! Immaculate self-contained three bedroom ground floor apartment.
"Northwood Aberdeen are delighted to bring to the sales market this spacious two double bedroom first floor apartment in the popular Ferryhill area of Aberdeen. Located in a quiet cul-de-sac location in a popular city centre location, this charming property is located in a block of three p..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this TWO BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE, situated in a convenient and sought after area that is ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and schooling. The property comprises living room, kitchen, bathroom, two double bedrooms,..."
"Within a thriving established community, we are delighted to bring to the market for sale this TWO BEDROOM MID TERRACED DWELLING HOUSE. Offering generously proportioned accommodation this is certain to be a popular choice amongst small families, first time buyers and investors alike. Upon enteri..."
"Within a popular residential location close to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary, The University of Aberdeen and public transport routes we are delighted to bring to the market for sale this well presented three bedroom dwelling house. Presented to walk in condition throughout to include contemporary kitc..."
" ***LISTED £5000 BELOW HOME REPORT VALUE *** Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this lovely THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY, situated in a popular residential area ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and schooling. This we..."
BRIGHT & SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM UPPER APARTMENT PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY/BUY TO LET Call Gary on to arrange your viewing. We are delighted to offer to the market this very spacious and excellent value three bedroom upper apartment within a very attractive detached granite prope...
"The Express Estate Agency is proud to offer this Two Bedroom Mid Terrace – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED. *Guide Price - £135,000 - £145,000*"
"RE/MAX Aberdeen are delighted to have been instructed to market this spacious 3 bedroom mid-terraced house in need of upgrading. Although in need of modernisation the double glazing, electrics and gas central heating are all of good condition as reflected in the home report meaning all upgrades a..."
"Immaculate, spacious three bedroom end terrace."
"We are delighted to offer to the market for sale this two bedroom upper apartment with lift access and secure allocated parking space situated within a sought after exclusive residential development. Presented to walk in condition throughout this is a perfect purchase for professionals, first tim..."
"Video and 360 degree Tour Available Lee-Ann Low with RE/MAX Aberdeen City and Shire is delighted to offer this opportunity to purchase this superior, one bedroom, executive apartment in the heart of the city centre. Forming many original features and character, this former bank offers perio..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this well presented TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR SELF CONTAINED MAISONETTE situated in the popular and central area of Ferryhill. The accommodation comprises on the ground floor: entrance hall with front facing lounge to the right, storage cupboard a..."
"Set within a popular, established residential location we are delighted to bring to the market for sale this exceptionally spacious three bedroom mid terrace dwelling house with off street parking and large fully enclosed garden. Combining the comforts of gas central heating & double glazing with..."
"Cut your heating bill and have your mortgage free for two months or up to £5000 towards your deposit, with furniture, kitchen appliances, flooring and curtains/ blinds included when you buy one of these architect designed and energy-efficient 2-bedroom apartments in Aberdeen (Incentives for first..."
"We are delighted to welcome to market this stunning two bed apartment in the City Centre of Aberdeen. The property has been upgraded by the current owner and it’s main features include two double bedrooms with plentiful storage space. A spacious living room, with ample space for dining room tab..."
Video and 360 degree Tour Available Lee-Ann Low with RE/MAX Coast and Country is delighted to bring to offer this charming One Bedroom End Terrace Bungalow situated in a peaceful residential cul-de-sac and offers a host of excellent features. Benefiting from a generous allocated parking spa...
Video and 360 degree Tour Available Lee-Ann Low with RE/MAX Coast and Country is delighted to offer for sale this lovely Two Bedroom Self Contained Apartment that forms part of the Stewart Milne Homes development in Bucksburn. Enjoying the modern comforts of gas central heating and double-glaz...
"We are pleased to bring to the market this well presented two bedroom flat situated within the Pittodrie area of Aberdeen. The modern flat consists of bright and spacious lounge, fully fitted kitchen, two double bedrooms and bathroom. There is private parking available and the property is enter..."
"Top floor two-bedroom flat located on Pittodrie Place.Pittodrie Place is located off King Street, near to Aberdeen University, transportation links into and out with the city, local amenities, and the promenade which offers access to the North Sea, dining and entertainment options. ..."
"*Listed £10,000 Below Home Report Value* Fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious three bedroom, self-contained ground floor apartment in the Garden Estate, a sought-after residential area of Kincorth. The entrance porch leads to a central hallway and the spacious lounge/diner draws you to..."
"***10K BELOW THE HOME REPORT VALUE!!!*** MQ Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this exceptionally spacious three bedroom upper floor apartment with private entrance, located within a popular residential area in Bucksburn, Aberdeen. The property comprises of lounge area, dining ..."
***SUPERB OFFER - SIX MONTHS SERVICE CHARGE PAID - INCLUDED IN PRICE*** Nicely decorated one bedroom with Juliet balcony located on the second floor of a McCarthy Stone retirement living plus development.
"Sweet Caroline Apartments! Click on the virtual tour! Martin and Co are proud to offer this modern 2 bedroom, second-floor apartment in the Rosemount area. The flat is part of an end-terraced block and therefore offers windows on 3-sides which flood the large rooms with light. The property also b..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this two bedroom mid terraced house in Kincorth area of Aberdeen. Accommodation comprises ~ Entrance hall, Living room with feature fireplace and wood effect flooring. Modern kitchen with ample base and wall units which leads to a back porch with large storag..."
"Located on a peaceful cul-de-sac within the sought after Danestone area of Bridge of Don we are delighted to bring to the market for sale this welcoming two bedroom four-plex home which offers generous living space throughout. Benefiting from full gas central heating, double glazing, off street p..."
"CCL are delighted to offer for sale this two bedroom flat in the ideal city centre location of Trinity Street, Aberdeen. The property offers spacious accommodation all on one floor, with lovely light and neutral décor, a spacious and modern kitchen/living room, two bedrooms and bathroom..."
"We’re delighted to welcome this well presented two bedroom end of terrace house to the market in the Cove Bay area of southern Aberdeen. The main features of the property include; two spacious double bedrooms with ample storage space, a living room and kitchen area with neutral tones throughout p..."
"**360 TOUR AVAILABLE** House Sales Direct are proud to present this lovely and spacious two-bedroom, first floor apartment located in Aberdeen. This property is ideal for a first time buyer or an investor looking to add to their property portfolio."
Lovely one bedroom apartment with balcony on the second floor overlooking the attractive entrance courtyard. The local town of Cults offers excellent amenities and transport links within a short walking distance from the development
"Within a prime city centre location we are delighted to offer to the market for sale this exceptionally spacious immaculate ground floor apartment with exclusive garden and allocated parking space. Finished to the highest of standards throughout, while benefiting from the modern comforts of gas c..."
"A stunning fully refurbished 2 bedroom apartment in Aberdeen city centre, ready to just move in and enjoy with no work to do whatsoever."
INVESTORS ONLY - TENANTED INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY YIELDING ABOVE 6% NET! A well kept two-bedroom end terraced property in popular area of Sheddocksley close to Aberdeen city centre.
3 Bedroom flat located near the City Centre with HMO.
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Terraced House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £120,000 - £127,000*"
Fully renovated immaculate spacious two-bedroom apartment.
"Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this lovely TWO BEDROOM TOP FLOOR FLAT situated in the Bucksburn area and is conveniently located for access to local amenities, transport links and schooling.
This well kept flat comprises living room, kitchen, bathroom, two bedrooms, electric heat..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market well presented second floor TWO BEDROOM FLAT situated in the city centre. It is ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and schooling located in-between Union Street and Union Square, overlooking The Green in the desirable ..."
"
Located in a quiet residential street with many great amenities nearby, we offer for sale this two bedroom terrace villa. Spanning 2 floors of accommodation, the property has been well maintained throughout and would provide the ideal first home. Benefiting from gas central heating and double gl..."
Northwood Aberdeen are delighted to bring to the sales market this spacious two double bedroom top floor apartment with private parking in a factored development off Eday Road and allowing easy access around the City. The property is neutrally decorated and well presented and would be an ideal...
"Two bedroom lower cottage flat in walk in condition, situated in the highly sought-after West End of Aberdeen."
Spacious two bedroom apartment in a central location.
"Located in a quiet residential area we are pleased to offer for sale this spacious two bedroom, ground floor, self-contained flat in the Hilton area. The property offers bright, airy accommodation throughout and enjoys the comforts of gas central heating, double glazing, side, front, rear gardens..."
"Plot of land available on Hilton Road, Aberdeen, planning permission in principle for a detached dwelling with driveway parking"
Exceptionally Spacious Two Bedroom Second Floor Flat
Great Goodhope Park! Click on Virtual Tour! Martin and Co are proud to offer this modern 2 bedroom ground floor flat in the Bucksburn area of Aberdeen. The property is beautifully finished throughout with neutral tones with the added benefit of a completely clean home report. This property would ...
Good size traditional granite two bedroom first floor flat WITH PRIVATE PARKING situated in the Frederick Street area of Aberdeen. The property has been freshly decorated throughout with a new kitchen and bathroom with separate walk in shower having recently been installed. There are two double...
"Mid-Terrace, 3-bedroom house located on Chapman Way.Chapman Way is towards the outskirts of Aberdeen, and positioned off Provost Rust Drive, near local amenities, transportation links, schools, and is situated approximately 4 miles north-west of the city centre."
"****NEWLY REDUCED**** Stylishly presented for the new owner to move into with the minimum of fuss, we offer for sale this spacious two bedroom first floor flat with private parking situated in a modern purpose built development on Society Lane in Aberdeen. The property consists of good size lou..."
" Prime Property Auctions is excited to present an Attractive Tenanted 3 Bedroom Terraced House located in popular location within Aberdeen. Home Report Value: £140,000 - PRICED TO SELL.   *** 80, Mastrick Road, Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire AB16 5PN previously sold for £190,000 in March..."
"We are proud to present this Two Bedroom End Terrace House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £115,000 - £125,000*"
"MQ Estate Agents are delighted to present to the open market this rarely available two bedroom ground floor flat. This particular property will suit a multitude of buyers from first time buyers, down sizers to the discerning buy to let investor. The generously proportioned accommodation compris..."
"The Express Estate Agency is proud to offer this Two Bedroom Flat– all interest and OFFERS are INVITED. *Guide Price £115,000 - £125,000*"
"Enjoying a quiet location in a well established residential area this spacious TWO BED MID TERRACE PROPERTY offers excellent value for money and also enjoys the benefits from Gas Central Heating and Double Glazing.
Early viewing is essential to appreciate the space this family home has to offer."
"Immaculate two bedroom first floor flat, close to hospitals and universities."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this rare opportunity to purchase a TWO BEDROOM FLAT within a granite church, which has been sub-divided into residential accommodation. It is situated in a central residential area in the North side of Aberdeen and is ideally located for access t..."
"Spacious two-bedroom, ground floor apartment available for sale in the Rosemount area of Aberdeen. The property enjoys benefits of gas heating, double glazing, private barriered non-allocated parking, security entry and a communal drying area.  The accommodation would benefit from some upgrading ..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this TWO BEDROOM SECOND FLOOR FLAT.
The property is situated in the city centre and ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and schooling.
The well presented flat comprises lounge, kitchen, two double bedrooms, bathroom, gas..."
"We are proud to offer this One Bedroom First Floor Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED. *Guide Price £110,000 - £120,000*"
"
***£15,000 BELOW HOME REPORT VALUE *** Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this lovely TWO BEDROOM TERRACED PROPERTY, situated in a popular residential area ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links, hospitals and schooling. The property comprises living room, ..."
"**£15,000 BELOW HOME REPORT VALUATION** We are pleased to bring to the market this two bedroom property set within an established and popular residential area in Aberdeen. The property is well serviced with high efficiency electric heating and double glazing throughout. "
"Are you looking to 'size down ' or maybe it's your first home? then this 1 BED BUNGALOW is just for you.
Lovingly maintained, inside and out, bright, fresh and ready for its new owners...could this be you?
WELCOME HOME"
"This newly refurbished, modern TWO BEDROOM ground floor flat, presented in immaculate condition is the perfect first time buy/buy to let investment. Perfectly located close to Aberdeen Royal Infirmary, a bus route providing public transport to the city centre and local amenities."
"We are delighted to bring to the market for sale this two bedroom end terrace dwelling house within a quiet yet established residential location. Although a degree of cosmetic redecoration is required, this property offers spacious accommodation throughout and is certain to appeal to investors, f..."
"***LISTED £15000 BELOW HOME REPORT VALUE*** Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this ONE BEDROOM TOP FLOOR FLAT.
The property is situated in the West end of city centre and ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and schooling.
The well presented flat compris..."
"We are proud to offer this One Bedroom Top Floor Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £105,000 - £110,000*"
We are delighted to present this spacious ground floor two bed self-contained property with private entrance and exclusive workshop in the sought after location of Rosemount. This property is decorated in neutral tones throughout and would make a fantastic first time buy or buy to let due to it's...
"Set on a quiet cul-de-sac within the sought after residential suburb of Bridge of Don we are delighted to bring to the market for sale this immaculate maisonette with exclusive off street parking. Presented to walk-in condition throughout with contemporary kitchen, modern shower room and tasteful..."
"Spacious two bedroom, mid-terrace house is available for sale in the north of Aberdeen City. The accommodation comprises of: entrance hallway with 1 storage cupboards; large lounge with front and rear windows, fitted kitchen with access to the rear garden; two double bedrooms with built-in wardro..."
"Northwood Aberdeen is delighted to offer for sale this unique two bedroom self-contained maisonette located in the City Centre, just off Holburn Street and providing easy access to public transport to Robert Gordon University and Aberdeen University. The property is bright and spacious, neutra..."
"Prominently situated within the heart of King Street, AMAZING RESULTS!™ offers to the market this impressive traditional granite and stone built 2 bedroom tenement flat with its distinctive two level layout offering an ideal proposition to the discerning first time buyers stepping onto the proper..."
"Located in an extremely convenient and central location within a well maintained tenement building, we are please to offer for sale this well proportioned two bedroom first floor flat with breakfasting kitchen. It benefits from neutral decor throughout as well as gas central heating and double gl..."
"The property has been INDEPENDENTLY VALUED at £110,000 by a Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) qualified surveyor. ATTRACTIVELY PRICED - FREEHOLD - Investment Or Project Opportunity - COUNCIL TAX BAND B - Three Generously Sized Bedrooms - Wet Room Design - Prime Location - Cl..."
"Spacious two bedroom, first floor flat is available for sale in the ever popular King Street area. The property forms part of this traditional granite building which benefits from security entry, well-kept communal garden, exclusive cellar, double glazing, gas heating and on street. Ideal opportu..."
"A two-bedroom top floor flat in a traditional building on Union Street, this property is ideal for those who want to be in the heart of the city with all that is has to offer on their doorstep."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this WELL PRESENTED ONE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW, conveniently situated in the sought after area of Stoneywood. Upon entering, the hallway leads to majority of the accommodation. To the immediate right, the neutrally presented lounge overlo..."
"A great opportunity to purchase a spacious second floor flat situated in the Pittodrie area of Aberdeen. The flat is neutrally decorated and offers excellent space throughout and comprises of good size lounge with double windows, allowing plenty of natural light to flow through. There is a full..."
"We are delighted to offer the opportunity to purchase this two bedroomed flat located in the Bucksburn area, situated within an easy commute to Bridge of Don, Aberdeen City and Dyce Airport. With amenities including shopping, hotels and leisure facilities close by, equally riverside walks and Cra..."
"We are delighted to the present for sale this attractive 2 bedroom 1st floor flat with garage. The property is an ideal purchase for first time buyers and couples as it is well placed for access into the city, Bridge Of Don, Dyce Industrial Estates and the University & ARI. WELCOME HOME"
"Northwood Aberdeen is delighted to offer for sale this executive and modern ground floor studio apartment in the popular suburb of Stoneywood, ideally located for those working at Aberdeen Airport or commuting into the City. The property has been freshly painted with neutral decoration, ready ..."
"Are you looking for your first home or maybe a property to add to your portfolio...then this 2-bed ground floor flat is
the perfect purchase. Great price...great location... close to the University Campus, the Beach and the city with all its amenities.
What's not to love?
WELCOME HOME"
"INVEST IN RESIDENTIAL ACCOMODATION YIELDING NEAR 7% NET WITH SCOPE TO INCREASE! Two bedroom apartments with parking, just a few miles from Aberdeen's vibrant city centre."
"HELLO...are you looking for a lovely 2nd floor 2 BED APARTMENT situated within a modern development with all the benefits of city living but with the volume turned down. Private gated parking and only minutes from the beach, this spacious and well loved apartment is just waiting for you to move in."
" ***LISTED £15,000 BELOW HOME REPORT VALUE*** Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this two bed first floor flat in the West End of Aberdeen City. It is ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and schooling. The accommodation compris..."
" Recently refurbished, immaculately presented Tenanted 1 bedroom Property. Excellent Investment Opportunity and Turnkey Investment, located in the popular location of Aberdeen. *** 13 Great Western Place, Aberdeen, AB10 6QN sold for £125,000 September 2021, 18 Ashley Road, Aberdeen, AB10 6R..."
"Northwood Aberdeen is delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented and recently renovated first floor traditional granite apartment with large shared rear garden and shed in Holburn, minutes to City Centre amenities. The property has a double bedroom, box room/home office, spacious ..."
"The Express Estate Agency is proud to offer this REALISTICALLY PRICED opportunity - ALL OFFERS AND INTEREST are INVITED.     **GUIDE PRICE - £95,000 - £105,000** "
"We offer for sale this two bedroom self contained flat situated on Middlefield Place in Aberdeen. The property has been freshly painted, has had new grey carpets fitted throughout and a new gas boiler installed with a 10 year warranty, certificate available. The accommodation comprises of loun..."
" Prime Property Auctions is excited to present a Beautiful First Floor 2 Bedroom Flat located in popular location within Aberdeen. Home Report of £120,000. 20% DISCOUNT - PRICED TO SELL.       *** 33F, Seaforth Road, Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire AB24 5PG previously sold..."
"INVEST IN RESIDENTIAL ACCOMODATION YIELDING NEAR 7% NET WITH SCOPE TO INCREASE! Excellent two bedroom apartment with parking, just a few miles from Aberdeen's vibrant city centre."
Immaculate three-bedroom first-floor flat in a tenement block of six.
"****NEW PRICE**** A fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom spacious first floor flat situated within Dyce in Aberdeen. The property consists of spacious modern lounge, on semi open plan with the beautifully appointed kitchen. There are three double bedrooms along with the bathroom w..."
The Express Estate Agency is proud to offer this REALISTICALLY PRICED opportunity – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.  
"Within a modern purpose built development a short walking distance from Aberdeen Royal Infirmary, Royal Cornhill Hospital, The University of Aberdeen and North East Scotland College we are delighted to offer to the market for sale this spacious two bedroom mid floor apartment with exclusive parki..."
1 bedroom investment opportunity in Aberdeen city centre
Bright and spacious two bedroom second floor flat available for sale. The flat is situated in the popular residential area of Bridge of Don.
"This spacious (65m2), modern two-bedroom flat is partially furnished and ready for immediate occupation."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this WELL PRESENTED ONE BEDROOM FLAT, conveniently situated in a quiet residential development of Aberdeen city centre. It is ideally located for access to local amenities, also transport links and Robert Gordons University. The ground floor flat..."
At 42m2 this one-bed ultra-modern property is immaculate and in walk-in condition.
"Virtual Tour Available and Video Tour Available This attractive property would make a perfect first time purchase and buy to let investment Please Call Lee-Ann Low on to arrange a viewing. For a Copy of The Home Report Email Lee-Ann Low, and RE/MAX Abe..."
"*Listed £8,000 Below Home Report Value* Fantastic opportunity to purchase a self contained, one bedroom upper flat in the Danestone area of Aberdeen. The property consists of spacious lounge, decorated in neutral tones and with a peaceful outlook over the front of the property. The functional ki..."
"INCREDIBLE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY YIELDING ABOVE 7% NET! An attractive ground floor apartment with two bedrooms and communal garden, within easy reach of the city centre."
We are proud to offer this Two Bedroom Ground Floor Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.
Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this two bedroom first floor flat which is in walk-in condition. The property has been upgraded with a new kitchen and bathroom and benefits from gas central heating and double glazing. There is an open plan Living Room / Kitchen overlooking the f...
"Spacious two bedroom first floor flat in a purpose built modern development within the Woodside area of Aberdeen. This would be an ideal first time buy or a buy to let investment. The property consists of good size bright lounge with feature fireplace, two double bedrooms each with built-in ward..."
"Are you looking for a stylish and sleek 2 BED APARTMENT with the benefit of living in the city but with the volume turned down?
Then look no further FLAT C here on Holburn Street is ready and waiting for you to move straight in... unpack and relax...no more long commutes WELCOME HOME."
"INCREDIBLE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY YIELDING ABOVE 7% NET! A fantastic first floor apartment with two bedrooms and communal garden, within easy reach of the city centre."
Spacious two bedroom first floor flat in a highly desirable location only minutes from city centre with private parking.
"Situated in a popular residential street within the Torry area of the city, we have pleasure in offering for sale this First Floor two/three Bedroom Flat. The current owner has taken time and effort into the presentation of this property which can only be appreciated on internal inspection. Benef..."
Northwood is delighted to offer for sale this bright and spacious two bedroom self-contained upper flat with large rear garden in the Kittybrewster area of Aberdeen. Recently renovated this property is in a ready to move in condition and viewing is essential to appreciate the acco...
Tenanted 2 bedroom property in Aberdeen city centre with 7.3% yield. Available 20K below HR value. 
We’re delighted to welcome this stunning two bedroom flat to the market in the city centre of Aberdeen. The property is a part of a recent development which was converted only 3 years ago. This flat is in excellent condition with neutral decor and laminate flooring throughout ensuring the new o...
"*Listed £7,000 Below Home Report Value*
Spacious first floor two bedroom apartment is available for sale in the Torry area of Aberdeen. This property boosts excellent space and storage. The accommodation has been decorated in neutral tones throughout. Torry is located to the south of Aberdeen ci..."
"Well-presented one bedroom, self-contained, maisonette is situated in a very popular location of cove in Aberdeen City. Recently decorated throughout with a fully enclosed rear garden, this would be a great purchase for professionals, first time purchase or for an investment. The accommodation c..."
Immaculate basement/garden two-bedroom must be viewed.
"Northwood Aberdeen are delighted to offer for sale this well presented and ready to move in self-contained two double bedroom upper apartment located in the popular Hilton area of Aberdeen, just minutes from Aberdeen Royal Infirmary and easy commute to the City Centre. The property has recentl..."
"Spacious two-bedroom, ground floor apartment available for sale in the Bucksburn area of Aberdeen. The property enjoys benefits of gas heating, double glazing, on street parking and an exclusive are in the rear garden. The accommodation is ready to move into and comprises of: entrance hallway; ge..."
"2nd floor one-bedroom flat located on Guild Street.Guild Street is in the heart of Aberdeen and a stones throw from the Bus and Train stations as well as a short distance to the ferry terminal. The property is located near local amenities, transportation links, and schools."
This property is being sold by public auction pre auction offers will be considered. Please contact Auction House Scotland for further information
"Are you looking for your first home or maybe a property to add to your portfolio...then this 2-bed selfcontained ground floor flat is
the perfect purchase. Great price...great location and free on street parking, No464 is just waiting for you to move in and unpack.
So don't miss out WELCOME HOME"
"Tenanted 1 bedroom property within historic building conveniently located halfway between the University of Aberdeen and the City Centre. This 1st-floor property has been recently refurbished and comprises a bright 3 window living room, spacious dining kitchen, double bedroom with built-in war..."
"Fixed price for quick sale, £20k discount on home report valuation. Northwood Aberdeen is delighted to offer for sale this bright and spacious top floor two bedroom apartment with private parking located in the City Centre, just minutes from Union Street, Bon..."
"Self-contained two bedroom flat in walk-in condition in the Auchmill Road area of Aberdeen. The property consists of spacious lounge with feature fireplace, two double bedrooms, a fully fitted functional kitchen and a shower room with walk-in shower. There is a large L shaped hallway giving ac..."
"360 Virtual Tour and Video Tour Available PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY OR BUY TO LET IN TORRY, ABERDEEN Yvette and RE/MAX Aberdeenare delighted to have been instructed to market this spacious twobedroom top floor apartment. The propertybenefits from two double bedrooms with built in..."
"Video Tour Available PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY OR BUY TO LET IN UNION GROVE, ABERDEEN CITY CENTRE Yvette and RE/MAX Aberdeenare delighted to have been instructed to market this immaculate well presented onebedroom ground floor apartment. The propertyis in a traditional granite bu..."
"The Express Estate Agency is proud to offer this Two Bedroom Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED. **GUIDE PRICE - £85,000 - £90,000**"
"Virtual Tour and Video Tour Available Lee-Ann Low ) and RE/MAX Aberdeen City and Shire are delighted to offer this THREE BEDROOM SECOND FLOOR FLAT in Aberdeen City. The property comprises a large lounge, kitchen, bathroom and three double bedrooms. Access is via a phone entry ..."
One/Two Bedroom Top Floor Flat
"This is an excellent opportunity to purchase a two bedroom second floor flat situated on Whitehall Place within the sought after Rosemount area of Aberdeen. Due to the recently reduced price, this is certain to be a popular choice. The property consists of bright and spacious lounge, two bedroom..."
"We are delighted to bring to the market for sale this well presented ground floor tenement flat within the sought after Rosemount area of the city. Decorated to walk in condition throughout this is a perfect purchase for first time buyers, professionals and buy to let investors. The block is set ..."
"Well-presented one bedroom, self-contained, ground floor flat is situated in a very popular location of cove in Aberdeen City.  Recently decorated and new carpets throughout with a fully enclosed rear garden, this would be a great purchase for professionals, first time purchase or for an investme..."
Video and 360 degree Tour Available Lee-Ann Low with RE/MAX Aberdeen City and Shire is delighted to offer this generously proportioned two bedroom first floor flat that Internally benefits from extensive storage and externally benefits from a communal residents car park. Location Located w...
We are proud to present this One Bedroom Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED. 
"We are proud to present this Three Bedroom Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.GUIDE PRICE - £80,000-90,000"
"Situated in a well maintained purpose built block of only three flats, we are pleased to present this spacious two bed first floor flat with large exclusive gardens and fantastic storage throughout in the popular residential area of Torry, just minutes walk from many local amenities, including To..."
"Bonnyview Drive is a pleasant two bedroom fully renovated apartment which is well placed for a range of local shops and amenities. The property is close to Aberdeen’s main arterial route enabling quick and easy access to most parts of the city, in particular, Aberdeen Royal Infirmary, Aberdeen A..."
Get down to Gladstone Place! Click on virtual tour! Martin and Co are proud to offer this modern 1 bedroom property in the woodside area of Aberdeen. Beautiful throughout. This property also a private garage to offer. Viewing is highly recommended.
We are proud to offer this Two Bedroom Top Floor Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED. 
Huge potential two-bedroom self-contained ground floor dwelling.
"*Listed £5,000 Below Home Report Value* This first floor apartment is well located within the Rosemount area of Aberdeen. The well presented and tastefully decorated accommodation comprises of: common Entrance, Hallway, bright and spacious Lounge, well designed modern Kitchen, Double Bedroom, a..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this WELL PRESENTED ONE BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR FLAT, conveniently situated in Aberdeen's West End. It is ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and Robert Gordons University. Upon entering, the hallway leads to the full acco..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this beautifully presented one bedroom, top-floor flat on Aberdeen Harbour. A central hallway welcomes you into the property, and the bright double bedroom with built in storage welcomes you in first. The adjacent shower room has been tastefully decorated with ne..."
"Investment Opportunity! Must-see Middlefield! Martin & Co are delighted to present this modern two bedroom property located in the Hilton area. The property comes complete with Off Road Parking, Gas Central Heating and Garden access. Spacious property and is conveniently located for the city ..."
Exceptionally Spacious One Bedroom Second Floor Flat
"Northwood Aberdeen is delighted to bring to the sales market this recently renovated ground floor double bedroom apartment in a traditional granite tenement located just off Rosemount Place, where many local amenities can be accessed. The property benefits from a period feature working fire, n..."
"Northwood Aberdeen are pleased to offer for sale this bright and spacious upper apartment located in Torry, just a short walk from the City Centre. The property has two double bedrooms, is neutrally decorated throughout and has a large rear garden, an ideal purchase for first time buyers, prof..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this well presented and tastefully decorated one bedroom, second floor flat in the heart of Rosemount in Central Aberdeen. Enter into the property into a bright central hallway, freshly decorated with natural light oak flooring. A bright, generously proportioned..."
"Forming part of a traditional two storey granite building, Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this IMMACULATELY PRESENTED TWO BEDROOM TOP FLOOR FLAT, situated in a popular and central residential area in the South side of Aberdeen. It is ideally located for access to local amenitie..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR FLAT, conveniently located for access to local amenities, transport links and Robert Gordons University. Fitted with a secure entry system, the property shares a communal entrance to the building.
Upon entering, the ..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this well presented TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR FLAT, conveniently located for access to local amenities, transport links and Robert Gordons University. Fitted with a secure entry system, the property shares a communal entrance to the building.
Upon..."
"*Listed £20,000 Below Home Report Value* Fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious two/three bedroom flat in the residential area of Mastrick. A central hall welcomes you into the property and a spacious lounge draws you to the rear of the property with its natural light highlighting the pa..."
"PART OF PORTFOLIO SALE - TENANTED INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY • Recently refurbished, immaculately presented, 1 bedroom flat located in the popular Rosemount area of Aberdeen. Currently Tenanted at £475 pcm. • ***212b, Rosemount Place, Aberdeen, Abn AB25 2XR, Sold for £105,000 May 2018, 214, Rosem..."
" Prime Buy to Let investment Opportunity Property. Great sized 1 bedroom flat currently tenanted at £550 pcm. Sold with tenant in situ. Perfect Investment, set in popular Rosemount area. ***Flat E, Skene Terrace, Aberdeen, Abn AB10 1RP sold for £120,000 April 2022, 34g, Maberly Street, Aber..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this attractive ONE BEDROOM flat forming part of traditional granite building within the city centre.
The property is conveniently located off Holburn Street, offering local amenities, schools and transport links within a short walking distance.
W..."
£5000 below Survey Value Spacious one bedroom second floor apartment in Aberdeen’s city centre on Langstane Place. Virtual Tour Available – Video Tour Available. RE/MAX Coast & Country are delighted to have been instructed to market this spacious one bedroom second floor ap...
The Express Estate Agency is proud to offer this Two Bedroom Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED. 
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this IMMACULATELY PRESENTED TWO BEDROOM FLAT situated in a popular and central residential area in the South side of Aberdeen. It is ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and schooling. The property comprises of open plan..."
"*** NEW REDUCED PRICE ***
THIS SPACIOUS, WELL LOVED, TOP FLOOR 2 BED FLAT, SET ON A QUIET STREET, JUST 3 MILES SOUTH OF THE CITY OF ABERDEEN. IDEAL FOR THE FIRST TIME BUYER WHO WANTS THE BENEFITS OF LIVING NEAR THE CITY... BOOK YOUR APPOINTMENT NOW TO VIEW SO YOU DON'T MISS OUT."
"** SALE BY AUCTION - 17 March 2022, Deadline for Offers ** The property comprises a purpose-built THREE BEDROOM third floor (top) flat within a corner four storey tenement building containing seven flats on the upper levels...."
Two bedroom home Traditional granite built property Walk in condition Modern décor and presentation Neat and well maintained communal areas and garden Ideal first home 
"*Listed £7,200 Below Home Report Value* Fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious one bedroom, first floor flat in Central Aberdeen. A large central hallway welcomes you into the property, drawing you first into the spacious lounge. Light fills the room through a large front aspect window h..."
 Virtual Tour Available and Video Tour Available Great opportunity with a sitting tenant. To Arrange a Viewing Please Call Lee-Ann Low on . For a Copy of The Home Report Email Lee-Ann Low and RE/MAX Aberdeen City and shire are delighted to bring to the...
"Spacious two bedroom apartment is available for sale in the Cornhill area of Aberdeen with local amenities close by and excellent transport links to other parts of the city. The property offers the buyer a chance to makeover to their own taste and consists of large living/dining room, kitchen, tw..."
"**£20,000 BELOW HOME REPORT VALUE** O'Malley Property are delighted to present to the market this lovely 2 bedroom first floor apartment situated in a popular location of Aberdeen. The property comprises an open plan lounge/kitchen, one double bedroom and a single bedroom, a kitchen and ..."
"Recently refurbished, one bedroom ground floor flat is available for sale in an extremely popular area located a stone throw away from Aberdeen Royal Infirmary, Westburn and Victoria Parks. The spacious accommodation comprises of entrance hallway with large storage cupboards; large lounge; Newly ..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom first floor flat situated within the Northfield Area of Aberdeen on at a price that reflects the work required. The property does require a degree of upgrading and consists of spacious lounge, three double bedrooms, fully fitted kitchen and fam..."
"We are proud to present this Two Bedroom Flat  – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.GUIDE PRICE - £70,000-80,000"
"Large (for a one-bed) ultra-modern property, which is immaculate and in walk-in condition."
"K Allan Properties are delighted to present this second floor apartment to the market. The property is positioned in the centre of Aberdeen, which is within walking distance to Aberdeen Grammar School, North East College, Robert Gordon's College and several local amenities. The property compr..."
"We offer for sale a one bedroom first floor flat in a traditional granite building situated in the King Street area of Aberdeen. The large communal hallway is protected by a security entry system. The property consists of spacious lounge with feature fireplace, a double bedroom with the added b..."
"A lovely renovated one bedroom flat situated in central George Street in Aberdeen. The top floor flat consists of spacious and bright lounge with 2 windows, double bedroom, modern bathroom with shower over bath and fully fitted kitchen with all appliances. It is double glazed and benefits from ..."
"Enjoying a pleasant location this spacious one bedroom ground floor flat is located within a quiet, well established residential area of Aberdeen. Decorated in neutral tones and finished with laminate flooring the property also benefits from gas fired central heating and double glazing. The acco..."
"The property has been INDEPENDENTLY VALUED at £75,000 by a Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) qualified surveyor. With minimal renovation required, this ideally situated apartment presents a great opportunity for anyone planning to add value to a superb property in the heart o..."
"Spacious two bedroom, first floor apartment available for sale in the Bucksburn area of Aberdeen. The property enjoys benefits of gas heating, double glazing, ample on street parking and a communal laundry room.  The accommodation is ready to move into and comprises of: entrance hallway with thre..."
360 Virtual Tour and Video Tour Available PERFECT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY NEAR ABERDEEN UNIVERSITY Yvette and RE/MAX Aberdeenare delighted to have been instructed to market this spacious twobedroom top floor fully furnished apartment in the convenient location of Tillydrone. The ...
For sale via National Online Auction. Bidding opens on Monday 27th March at 1pm and closes Tuesday 28th March from 1pm. Register to Bid.
Spacious two-bedroom top-floor flat
"House Sales Direct are delighted to present this 1 bedroom first floor, flat to the market in Aberdeen, Scotland, perfect for a first-time buyer or beginner landlord looking to start their property profile. Homereport Value £75,000"
An ideal 1st time purchase or buy to let! A bright and spacious apartment which is centrally located in Rosemount.
"VIRTUAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE Recently decorated, two bedroom top floor flat is available for sale in a very popular area located a stone throw away from Aberdeen Royal Infirmary, Westburn and Victoria Parks. The spacious accommodation comprises of: entrance hallway with large storage cupboard; lar..."
"Area of land for sale at Wellside Circle, Kingswells, Aberdeen - 628 Square Metres. Planning permission in principle for two semi-detached properties was refused for this area of ..."
"We are proud to present this Two Bedroom Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED. *Guide Price £65,000 - £75,000*"
"Spacious 2 bedroom ground floor apartment. Part of a 4 in a block located in Middlefield Terrace, Aberdeen. **IN NEED OF UPGRADING | GREAT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** Yvette Helps and RE/MAX Aberdeen City & Shire have been instructed to market this spacious twobedroom ground floor right apartmen..."
"Price Reduction of £5,000 Norah Nesland and Re/Max Aberdeenshire are delighted to offer for sale this spacious TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR FLAT part of a 4 in a block. It benefits from gas central heating and double glazing along with kitchen off the living area and bathroom. This generousl..."
Virtual Tour Available and Video Tour Available Great opportunity with sitting tenant. To Arrange a Viewing Please Call Lee-Ann Low on . For a Copy of The Home Report Email Lee-Ann Low and RE/MAX Aberdeen City and shire are delighted to bring to the mar...
"We are proud to offer this Two Bedroom Ground Floor Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.GUIDE PRICE - £60,000-70,000"
" Prime Property Auctions is excited to present a Beautiful Flat 2 Bedroom Flat located in popular location of Mastrick in Aberdeen. Home Report of £75,000. 13% DISCOUNT - PRICED TO SELL.       *** 5, Findhorn Place, Aberdeen, AB16 6TL previously sold for £99,000, 4..."
"Located in the desirable Cove Bay area of Aberdeen, this 1-bedroom on Earns Heugh Circle is close to costal trails, local business parks, the Tullos industrial estate, and transportation links.Accommodation comprises; Living Room, Kitchen, Double Bedroom, bathroom.The property fu..."
"The property has been INDEPENDENTLY VALUED at £60,000 by a Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) qualified surveyor. With minimal renovation required, this ideally situated first-floor flat presents a great opportunity for anyone planning to add value to a superb property in the ..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this WELL PRESENTED ONE BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR FLAT, conveniently situated in Aberdeen city centre. It is ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and Robert Gordons University. Upon entering, the hallway leads to the full acc..."
"*Listed £5,000 Below Home Report Value* This delightful one bedroom flat has been fully renovated throughout to create an ideal buy to let or first time buy opportunity. This property is in a ready to move into condition with double glazing, electric heating and is tastefully decorated throughout..."
Spacious Two Bedroom Top Floor (Second) in Walk in Condition
"***GOING TO AUCTION***Brighton & Beck are pleased to offer to online auction this well proportioned flat in the ever popular locale of Aberdeen. Offered over one level, the property comprises of large open plan lounge with kitchenette, two bedrooms and bathroom. Further benefits include washing ..."
"*Listed £7,000 Below Home Report Value* With sea views and generously proportioned rooms, we are pleased to offer for sale this exceptionally bright and airy self-contained first floor flat in the popular residential area of Torry. Pentland Road is ideally located close to Torry Battery which is ..."
"Northwood Aberdeen is delighted to offer for sale this bright and spacious ground floor self-contained apartment with shared rear garden in Torry, allowing easy access to the City Centre and South of Aberdeen. The property has it’s own entrance door, free on street parking and is in read..."
"Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this ONE BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR FLAT, situated in a central and convenient area that is ideally located for access to local amenities, transport links and schooling. Forming part of a traditional granite building, the property is entered upon from a ..."
"Traditional Attic Flat with Two Bedrooms, Perfect for Rental. This attic flat is located on the second floor of a traditional city centre granite building. The flat enters into hall, living room, two bedrooms, kitchen and bathroom. The flat benefits further from double glazing and gas..."
"One-bedroom, 1st floor apartment in Rutheriston Circle.Home report value £75,000Rutheriston Circle is located a short distance from Holburn Street, Robert Gordon University, Duthie Park, the River Dee and is near local amenities, transportat..."
We are proud to present this One Bedroom Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this WELL PRESENTED ONE BEDROOM FLAT, conveniently situated in Aberdeen’s Merchant Quarter. The apartment is accessed either via lift access from the Shiprow entrance to the rear or via a flight of stairs from Trinity Quay to the front, with sec..."
"Well presented, top floor, studio flat is available for sale in the King Street area of Aberdeen City. The accommodation is ready to move into and comprises of: an entrance hallway; good-sized lounge/kitchen, newly fitted modern kitchen with an integrated electric ceramic hob, oven and fan; Large..."
"PART OF PORTFOLIO SALE - TENANTED INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY • Excellent Buy to Let investment Opportunity Property. Good sized 1 bedroom flat currently tenanted at £415 pcm. Long Term Tenant in situ. Perfect Investment. • ***16 Flat 5, Castle Street, Aberdeen, Abn AB11 5BQ sod for £80,000 July 2..."
** Timed Online Auction - 06 April 2023 ** INVESTMENT PROPERTY IN THE HEART OF ABERDEEN. 2 Bedroom ground floor flat. ***HOME REPORT VALUE OF Â£90000*** TENANTED PROPERTY SUPERB YIELD OF APPROX 18% if achieved for guide price. .
Tenanted 1 bedroom buy-to-let investment in Aberdeen with 8.3% yield.
" Prime Property Auctions is excited to present a Vacant 1 Bedroom 1st Floor Flat located in popular location within Bridge of Don, Aberdeen. PRICED TO SELL.   *** 66, Lee Crescent North, Bridge Of Don, Aberdeen, Aberdeenshire AB22 8FP previously sold for £100,000 in November 2021,..."
" The Express Estate Agency is proud to offer this One Bedroom Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED. **GUIDE PRICE - £50,000 - £55,000**"
"Representing an ideal first time buy or buy to let investment, we are pleased to offer for sale this attractive ground floor studio flat located next to a wealth of local amenities. Boasting gas central heating and double glazing this property is neutrally decorated throughout, ideal for the disc..."
ATTENTION FIRST TIME BUYERS OR BUY TO LET INVESTORS Video and 360 degree Tour Available RE/MAX Coast and Country is delighted to bring to the market this studio apartment set within a popular residential area of Woodside. The property is well serviced with electric storage heating and double ...
"***LISTED £7000 BELOW HOM EREPORT VALUE*** In the popular Torry area of the city, this one bedroomed first floor flat forms part of a traditional granite building with the communal areas protected by a security entry system. An ideal first time purchase being sold inclusive of all furniture, the..."
"Are you looking for an investment or maybe a property while you are at university, well look no further, this immaculate studio flat has been totally refurbished and is ready to move in.
On a quiet street, close to Aberdeen University but also close to the beach and city centre...
WELCOME HOME"
Modern Spacious Ground Floor Studio Flat.
"We are proud to present this One Bedroom Flat - CHAIN FREE*GUIDE PRICE - £45,000 - 52,500*"
" Prime Property Auctions is excited to present a Large Flat 1 Bedroom Cottage Flat located in popular location of Aberdeen. Home Report of £55,000. 18% DISCOUNT - PRICED TO SELL.   *** 12, Western Road, Aberdeen AB24 2QQ previously sold for £130,000, 32, Western Road, Aberdeen AB2..."
"****NEW FIXED PRICE**** We offer for sale this BUILDING PLOT with lapsed outline planning permission for a three bedroom house with garage in the popular area of Dyce, Aberdeen. This building plot Is approximately 215m2 and offers good access with off street parking. Services are situated close..."
"This property is being sold by Public Auction on Thursday 23rd March at 2.00pm in the Radisson Red, 25 Tunnel Street, Glasgow G3 8HL. Register Now!"
"Excellent opportunity for the buy to let investor to purchase this one bedroom first floor flat in the Torry area of Aberdeen, offered to the market £30,000 below home report value."
"SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION THURSDAY 30TH MARCH 2023 AT 9.00AM. Tenanted one bedroom flat in Torry, Aberdeen. Currently let for £320pcm, providing a rental yield of 9.6% at Guide Price - a turnkey purchase for a Buy-to-Let Investment with immediate income."
"***PRICE DROP - WAS £45,000 NOW £39,995***FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION THURSDAY 6TH APRIL 2023 AT 9.00AM. Superb vacant 2 bed flat with an estimated rental income of: £650pcm providing an incredible yield of 19.5% at guide price. The property is situated close to Aberdeen Universi..."
"  Prime Property Auctions is excited to present a Tenanted 1 Bedroom 1st Floor flat in popular street within Torry, Aberdeen: HOME REPORT: £50,000, PRICED TO SELL.     *** 61, Menzies Road, Aberdeen AB11 9AS previously sold for £80,000, 51, Menzies Road, Aberdeen AB..."
" Prime Property Auctions is excited to present a vacant 1 Bedroom flat in popular street within Torry, Aberdeen: HOME REPORT £60,000 - PRICED TO SELL.   *** 61, Menzies Road, Aberdeen AB11 9AS previously sold for £80,000, 51 Menzies Road, Aberdeen, AB11 9AS previously sold for £95..."
" Prime Property Auctions is excited to present a Tenanted 1 Bedroom flat in popular street within Torry, Aberdeen: HOME REPORT £77,000, 50% DISCOUNT - PRICED TO SELL.   *** 219 Flat B, Victoria Road, Torry, Aberdeen, Kincardine AB11 9NH previously sold for £112,000, 221, Victoria ..."
"Brighton & Beck offer to online auction this Impressively discounted traditional flat in the sought after locale of Aberdeen. The property is offered to auction with a massive 50% discount on home report, and would be a great BTL purchase for any landlord. The property comprises of large lounge, ..."
** Timed Online Auction - 06 April 2023 ** Large site extending to approx. 3702.79 Sq. ft. in coastal location within the village of Blackdog. Perfect for Development - subject to gaining necessary consents. .
"For Sale by Public Online Auction on 26/04/2023 12:00 . The property comprises a former Drill Hall totaling 2,485 sq ft (230.86 sq m). The property includes a drill hall and two ancillary buildings with one being used as office/meeting rooms and the other as an indoor firing range. Accommodati..."
