Summary
"Northwood Birmingham are pleased to present this apartment in the popular Latitude development.  The apartment has one double bedroom, modern bathroom, lounge/kitchen area with courtyard views and comes furnished. The Latitude development is in China town, a few minutes walk from New Stre..."
"Oakmans offer a student property portfolio of 13 houses in the heart of Selly Oak, located on Heeley, Hubert & Raddlebarn Road. Generating an income of circa £352, 548 per annum. The properties range from 6-8 bedrooms and are also available on an individual purchase basis. "
A stunning six bedroom period family home with a one bedroom annexe and a separate home office suite above the garage. Approached directly from St. Marys Road this handsome and imposing Victorian family home sits behind a low-level red brick wall. The in-and-out drive provides ample parking for ...
"Residential Apartment Conversion Opportunity - 0.715 Acre High Street Site, Set Over 58,262 SqFt. The property comprises of 3 Retail Units of 10,262 Sqft & 48,000 Of Office Space & 40 Parking Spaces (approx). Sold  STP With 47 APARTMENTS"
"A handsome detached house, located in one of Edgbaston´s most prestigious roads, offering excellent family accommodation including elegant reception rooms, a beautiful orangery, a fine fully fitted kitchen with adjoining utility area, cloakroom, integral garaging, store and gardener´s w..."
"A handsome detached home on one of Edgbaston’s most prestigious roads offering excellent family accommodation set in a lovely 0.5-acre garden. There is planning consent for a two-storey side and single-storey extension to the right-hand side of the property, details of which are available upon r..."
"This investment opportunity comprises of 11 fully-let city centre apartments across 6 blocks, with a freehold block included. The current rental income is £124,260 per annum and is being offered for £2,400,000, representing a net initial yield of 4.87%."
"A detached residence of considerable character and stature, offering an impressive 6,437 sq ft (598 sq m) of accommodation all set within a magnificent south-facing plot of approximately 0.6 acre. ..."
"An outstanding Gentleman's Residence having been fully restored to its former glory dating back to circa 1823 located in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter. Being beautifully interior designed throughout, the accommodation offers five double bedrooms, three reception rooms, three bathrooms plus o..."
A fabulous opportunity to acquire a freehold block of 6 flats in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter!
A stunning seven bedroom Grade II listed Victorian villa tastefully updated and within the Calthorpe Estate Conservation area. There is a wonderful garden and ample off-road parking. This fine Grade II listed stucco villa was built circa 1850. Architecturally designed by the renowned J A Chatwin...
An executive and immaculately presented detached residence situated in this sought-after location within the heart of Edgbaston. The enviable six/seven bedroom property provides over 3300 square feet of internal accommodation which combines a vast array of luxury living accommodation along with a...
"A huge opportunity to acquire a stunning 1.86 acre plot (approx.) surrounded by rolling countryside yet with easy access to the Midlands motorway network and local amenities within both Barnt Green, Alvechurch and Longbridge. Currently, the plot contains a substantial 4,632 sq. ft de..."
"An exquisite family home located on the Shirley/Hollywood border. The property balances modern living with traditional features throughout. This five-bedroom, four-bathroom property includes an additional self-contained two-bedroom, one-bathroom annexe, ideal for multi-generational families or ho..."
"An exquisite family home located on the Shirley/Hollywood border. The property balances modern living with traditional features throughout. This five bedroom, four bathroom property with an additional self contained two bedroom, one bathroom annexe, ideal for multi-generational families or home w..."
"Welcome to Harvington, built at the turn of nineteenth century, the iconic ""Harvington"" was one of the first properties completed on the prestigious and now highly sought-after St. Agnes Road. Originally purchased by brass foundry owner, Samuel Mason, in 1893 the well-respected local family retai..."
"An exciting new development opportunity situated on the fast improving edge of the Jewellery Quarter with planning permission for 36 residential apartments with a GIA of 22,216 Sq Ft (2,064 Sq M) and two ground floor commercial units comprising 6,330 Sq Ft (588 Sq m) APPLICATION NUMBER 2021/062..."
A rare opportunity to acquire one of Hagley Roads most exceptional detached residences. This sizeable period home offers a very generous living space throughout totalling over 6600 square feet and has...
"Welcome to this superbly presented and spacious five/six bedroom detached family residence in a prime Edgbaston location, the property offers four reception areas, four bath/shower rooms, double garage, rear garden and the beauty of annexe style accommodation ideal for large or co-habiting famili..."
"A beautiful Edwardian Arts & Crafts home commissioned for George Cadbury Jr. Offering spacious, flowing accommodation set in gardens and unspoilt woodland of just over 12 acres. A private tree-lined drive from Beacon Lane sweeps up to the property. There is ample parking for several cars and acc..."
A beautiful detached family residence located on a private cul-de-sac off the Hagley Road and Hamilton Avenue junction. The wonderful home provides excellent living and entertaining space and is arran...
"A development opportunity situated in the fast improving Digbeth location overlooking Highgate Park, with planning for 29 residential apartments with GIA of 19,623 Sq Ft (1,23 Sqm) Schedule available upon request. APPLICATION NUMBER: 2018/01177/PA"
"Detached family home with 3 double bedrooms plus a study/dressing room. The current owner has carried out extensive improvements to the property over the past 10 years including the addition of a new roof, the walls and ceilings have been re-plastered, the casement windows have been re-paned and..."
Stunning Georgian property with 4 individual Luxury Apartments & 1 Grand 2 bed apartment. Located on this quiet cul-de-sac
A substantial 5 bedroom detached residence in need of modernisation located on the well positioned Hagley Road West. This most attractive home occupies an excellent plot and offers generous proportion...
"Treasure House is a new development situated in the fashionable Jewellery Quarter district of Birmingham City Centre. Featuring 30 boutique style apartments with prices from £190,000. Finance is available and yields are projected at 6%. Service charge £1.40/sqft, 150 years lease and ground rent 0.1%"
** TWO BEDROOMS ** REFURBISHED THROUGHOUT ** GARAGE TO THE REAR ** MODERN BATHROOM/WC ** IDEAL FIRST TIME PURCHASE ** EXCELLENT LOCATION **
An outstanding Edwardian detached family home offering beautifully presented and considerably improved six bedroom accommodation retaining a wealth of original Arts & Crafts period features and benefiting from superb reception space and stunning mature landscaped gardens. EP Rating E
"An impressive 6 bedroom detached home occupying an enviable plot on this popular road in Harborne. The accommodation, which extends to approx. 3,200 sq ft is set over two floors. Approached..."
"Nestled within the semi-rural area of Majors Green, near Wythall and on the outskirts of Shirley, Blounts Hole Stable is a characterful and well positioned five bedroom detached barn conversion, situated on a generous 0.5 acre plot with additional 3.5 acre field adjoining. The property, which ..."
"A truly stunning 'New York' style, duplex apartment inone of Birmingham's most luxury developments, Concord House. Located within the heart of the City, Concord house is a stone's throw away from Birmingham New Street train station, Bullring shopping centre and Brindley Place. The accommodation..."
A handsome and beautifully presented 6 bed Edwardian detached house situated in a quiet cul de sac and with benefit of planning permission for rear kitchen extension. ...
"AN EXCEPTIONAL FAMILY HOME. Set within this prime residential location is this handsome double fronted detached family house occupying a generous plot and offering six double bedroom accommodation retaining a wealth of original character features and benefiting from three elegant reception rooms,..."
"An exceptional detached family home set within this prime residential location with lovely open aspect to the front and offering beautifully presented character accommodation with six/seven bedroom accommodation and enjoying versatile reception space, off road parking, triple tandem garage and ma..."
"Discreetly set back from the old Birmingham Road on a private leafy lane, 44 Abbey Mount is perched up on the slopes of the Lickey Hills in the country village of Lickey - affording this home with views spanning across the Worcestershire countryside"
"A stunning four bedroom, luxury detached home forming part of the exclusive gated Middleton Collection at Beaufort. Ready for occupation Q2 2023."
This magnificent penthouse offers premium living accommodation with wraparound terrace benefitting from a Southerly aspect. Due for completion Summer 2023.
"A rare opportunity to purchase a large family home set in 0.52 acres in need of complete refurbishment with development potential (subject to obtaining planning and all necessary consents). The site
The site offers potential development opportunities (subject to planning and all necessary consen..."
"The three retail lock up units located on Erdington High Street with rental income: £97,500.9.75% RENTAL YIELD"
"Welcome to this impressive four bedroom detached family home in the much sought after Knightlow Road, Harborne. The property boasts a stunning open plan kitchen/diner with two reception rooms, conservatory, study, bathroom and ensuite, dressing room, garage, front driveway and well proportioned g..."
"The Gold Collection is proud to offer this outstanding, fully renovated 5 bedroom detached home, ideally positioned on the semi-rural and highly sought-after Lea Green Lane."
"A beautifully presented modern detached house with open parkland to the front. Living room, kitchen/breakfast room with open-plan dining room off plus extended orangery. Four bedrooms, three bath/shower rooms. Driveway parking and integral garage. ..."
This spacious family home was designed by award-winning architect Gavin Orton and is finished to an exceptional standard using the highest quality materials from award-winning suppliers. The front door opens to a lovely light and bright reception hallway. The wooden floor adds a feeling of warmt...
"A superb four bedroom detached residence boasting approximately 2,576 sq. ft of accommodation which has been sympathetically extended and refurbished by the current owners enjoying in particular three generous reception rooms, stunning open plan kitchen/dining/family room and ma..."
"Three HMO properties on a single plot; A student let, a professional let and a project with potential to develop to the rear and side. Offered freehold and with pending C4 status.  "
6 Large Bedrooms | 4 Bathrooms | Spacious Property | Amazing Location | FAMILY HOME | Large Rear Garden | Close to Schools and Moseley Village | Modern Interior Design Throughout | Under Floor Heating in Kitchen | Ample Parking
*** Rare Opportunity – Ideal Family Home (Subject To Allowing Current Tenancy To End July 2024) – Also Available As A Student Tenanted Property – Prestige Location *** Oakmans are delighted to offer a unique opportunity to purchase a detached property situated on a popular road in Selly ...
"An impressive three storey modern detached family home, located on the edge of Cannon Hill Park and therefore superbly situated for access to the City Centre & Moseley Village. With five double bedrooms the property benefits from four bath/shower rooms, spacious dining kitchen/family room, co..."
This spectacular mansion-style apartment has been finished to the highest of standards while retaining the character features found within the neo-classical Weston House.
"A very charming, spacious six bedroomed Edwardian family home, featuring original sash windows and high quality replacement double glazing. Situated on a highly sought after road and extending to some 3,059 sq.ft. (284 sq. m.) offering a garage and off road parking. Council Tax Band F "
"A beautifully presented, fully renovated four-bedroom family home, primely located upon this highly desirable road within the prestigious borough of Harborne. The property seamlessly blends modern comfort with period features and timeless elegance. Offering spacious accommodation across thr..."
"Acres are delighted to offer for sale this high quality mid-terraced property that benefits from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The interiors include very well presented living room, open plan kitchen / diner along with double doors into large conservatory. To the ..."
"A stylish modern detached five bedroom home offering beautifully presented and much improved extended family accommodation with four reception rooms & conservatory, three bath/shower rooms and detached double garage with additional parking. EP Rating C"
"Spanning 2,116 SQ FT, this duplex apartment has THREE spacious bedrooms with the option of a FOURTH. Alongside a PRIVATE TERRACE and a generous KITCHEN ISLAND, this apartment is perfect for entertaining and socialising. "
"An Extended Detached Charming Farmhouse Offering Well Presented Family Accommodation With Five Bedrooms & Three Receptions Rooms, Land With Stables, Tack/Store, Menage, Paddocks Ideal Equestrian Interest Set In Secure Grounds Of Around 3.5 Acres."
"*FANTASTIC HMO INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY IN MOSELEY VILLAGE* Oakmans offer an incredible investment opportunity with tremendous potential to generate high rental income and yield - currently operating as an 8 bed HMO with a separate Coach House, with planning permission granted to develop i..."
This unique apartment offers magnificent living accommodation whilst benefitting from beautiful character features including a stained-glass lantern over the spacious kitchen/living area.
"A large, well presented, three bedroom bungalow, primely located on this very prestigious road within the sought after borough of Edgbaston. The accommodation briefly comprises: Porch, entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, conservatory, master bedroom with en-suite, two further double ..."
"An exceptional family home with direct access to Moseley Private Park. Beautifully appointed throughout the seven bedroom accommodation benefits from elegant living/entertaining space, converted basement T.V./Cinema room, off road parking and delightful landscaped gardens. EP Rating E"
A particularly attractive five bedroom detached home built in the year 2000. The property is set within a private road on the edge of Highbury Park and therefore close to popular schools including Camp Hill & Queensbridge. The home is beautifully presented throughout and benefits from three r...
A lovely five bedroom detached family home located on a popular residential road in Harborne. Approached directly from Lordswood Road the property sits behind a lovely block paved drive with ample parking for three vehicles. A mid-level brick wall and brick pillar entrance offers privacy and acc...
"A truly stunning, 4 bedroom detached residence on the highly desirable Lordswood Road. Occupying a sizeable plot this beautifully presented home has been sympathetically improved to create a wonderful..."
"Welcome to this stunning five bedroom detached family home situated in a prime Edgbaston cul de sac location and 1600 square feet in size. The property has been extended by current owners and fitted to a high specification, consisting of open plan kitchen/sitting/dining area, living room, tw..."
"*** Prime Location – Four Bedroom Detached – Available As A Student Investment Property Or Residential Home (Subject To Tenancy Ending July 2024) – Call Oakmans For More Information *** A unique opportunity to purchase a property on a prestige road in Selly Park, offering no chain. The p..."
An excellent investment opportunity comprising a BLOCK OF 6 QUALITY SELF CONTAINED FLATS and with a rear parcel of land with PLANNING CONSENT for the erection of a DETACHED BLOCK OF 8 SELF CONTAINED APARTMENTS (Planning Application No 2021/01922/PA - Birmingham City Council).
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a six bedroom detached property on a 0.6 acre plot with its own private tennis court! This property must be viewed to appreciate the size and what it has to offer.  The property currently comprises of a separate annex to the ground floor with two bedroo...
***INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY***DETACHED***SIX SELF CONTAINED APARTMENTS***FULLY LET***COMMUNAL PARKING***REFURBISHED AND RENOVATED***NO CHAIN***
"Superbly situated in the heart of Moseley Village and with direct access to Moseley Private Park is this outstanding, fully renovated Victorian semi detached family home offering five bedroom character accommodation with stunning contemporary extended kitchen/family/dining room. With off road par..."
"A superb opportunity to acquire this Grade ll listed four-bedroom Georgian Townhouse in a very convenient Edgbaston location, on the cusp of Birmingham City Centre.
A must view to avoid disappointment! "
"This amazing three bedroom, four storey townhouse is part of a brand-new collection of nine individually designed loft style homes in a private gated courtyard with exceptional views from the upper floors, inspired by the rich history of the Jewellery Quarter by RIBA award winning architects Sjol..."
"A UNIQUE ART DECO STYLE HOME IN MOSELEY NEAR TO HIGHBURY PARK UPON A CORNER PLOT with a sleek, linear appearance and a feature curved elevation. The MODERN STYLIZED OPEN-PLAN INTERIOR exemplifies the sophistication of the era and briefly comprises: GROUND FLOOR: HALLWAY, CLOAKROOM/W.C., THREE REC..."
"A superbly presented, Charming 5 bedroom, Victorian family home, located on one of Harborne's most prestigious roads. Accommodation in brief: Walled driveway, Off road parking, Traditional open porch, Entrance hall, Open plan sitting room through to Dining room, Superbly fitted & spacious Kitc..."
"STUNNING LOFT style homes with LUXURY specification, open plan living, HIGH CEILINGS, SPACIOUS bedrooms, TRIPLE GLAZED windows and secure gated PARKING. Introducing Alben Works by Liv Projekt, a simply stunning development of individually designed brand new loft style homes in an exclusive gated..."
"*WONDERFUL FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED ARTS AND CRAFTS FAMILY HOME* Dating to approximately 1906 this superbly situated, Edwardian detached Arts and Crafts family home is set within one of Moseley's most sought-after, leafy areas within Moseley Triangle and St Agnes Conservation Area and offers charmin..."
A stunning Grade II listed Georgian townhouse with a magical garden in a convenient location. The front door opens to a light bright reception hallway. The fanlight window above the door provides plenty of natural light and doors radiate to all of the principal reception rooms. There is a useful...
"On the market for the first time in 20 years, this stunning property offers 2115 square feet of luxury accommodation in a highly desirable location. Approached over a blocked paved drive w..."
"Located on Bristol Street, in the city centre of Birmingham, just a couple of minute's walk from the Bullring and central station. This development is built with energy efficiency in mind, future-proofing your investment or residence. "
"Excellent modern detached residence in a prime location. Central heating and double glazing as specified, porch, hall, cloaks/wc, good through lounge, interconnecting dining room, fitted kitchen with appliances, four bedrooms, ensuite dressing area and shower room, bathroom/WC with shower, double.."
"Uniquely designed with light & a sense of freedom at the heart of the development benefitting from countryside views, private sunkan garden with hot tub, open plan living, stylish fitted kitchen and family room with floor to ceiling glazing, four bedrooms, en-suite, family bathroom, guest WC,..."
AUGUSTUS ROAD | Edgbaston | Detached Family Home | Four Bedrooms | Double Garage and Driveway | Conservatory | Large Garden | Downstairs WC | Master En-Suite
"**OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN** OCCUPYING A GENEROUS PLOT AND SITUATED on a most desirable, tree lined road, this detached property provides an excellent family home with accommodation set across three floors. Includes six bedrooms, three reception rooms, off road parking, garage and outbuilding..."
"An exquisite, beautifully presented 4 double bedroom property located on the highly desirable Ravenhurst Road. This wonderful family home is impeccably presented throughout with plenty of character fe..."
"A particularly spacious three storey detached family home, set within this prime residential location and offering six double bedroom accommodation with generous reception space, gas central heating, off road parking & garage and extensive south facing rear gardens. EP Rating B"
"A modern and immaculately presented three bedroom detached residence located within the highly regarded Redrow Development in Harborne. This exclusive property is one of only two ""Leamington lifestyle"" designs offering similar square footage to the four bedroom alternatives, just shy of 1400 int..."
"One of just five executive detached properties built by Bryant Homes in an excellent location set back from the main road. This spacious property has been very well-maintained throughout and briefly comprises two reception rooms, conservatory, breakfast kitchen & utility, detached double garage,..."
"A SUBSTANTIAL FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED RESIDENCE within the HIGHLY REGARDED MOSELEY LOCATION offering A WEALTH OF ACCOMMODATION and SUPERB CHARACTERFUL FEATURES including a THROUGH HALLWAY WITH MINTON TILED FLOORING, COVING and MOULDED CEILINGS, there is also a TANKED CELLAR. Briefly comprising: GRO..."
"*** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - EIGHT BEDROOMS - STUDENT TRIANGLE - CHEAP ENERGY BILLS *** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic investment opportunity located on a prime student road within Selly Oak, in close proximity to University of Birmingham, local amenities and transport lin..."
A comprehensively refurbished and beautifully presented FREEHOLD THREE STOREY DETACHED residence offering FIVE BEDROOMS located in a prime part of the much sought after and very well thought of BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST ESTATE. EP Rating D
"""Location, location, location"" describes this property perfectly! Located on a quiet CUL-DE-SAC nearby to Harborne High Street with its versatile array of shops, pubs and restaurants. With THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, TWO BATHROOMS, GARAGE and a DRIVEWAY this property ticks all the boxes!"
"Three storey commercial property + Land to rear. Retail investment accommodation to the ground floor, vacant office space to the upper floors and car parking / land to the rear."
HMO For Sale - Can Be Sold Vacant or With Social Housing Lease
"A fabulous three bedroom, four storey townhouse with two balconies and secure parking is part of a brand-new collection of nine individually designed loft style homes in a private gated courtyard with exceptional views from the upper floors, inspired by the rich history of the Jewellery Quarter b..."
"A handsome Grade 2 Listed period town house extending to some 2,283 sq. ft. (212 sq. m.), whilst located in a sought after residential area of Edgbaston, with off street parking, garage, and private rear gardens. ..."
"** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED AND MODERNISED BUNGALOW IN THIS QUIET MOSELEY LOCATION! ** We are delighted to offer to the market this immaculately presented five bedroom bungalow located in this quiet cul-de-sac location in Moseley which offers excellent access to local shops and amenities, Moseley Vi..."
"Stunning luxury three bedroom penthouse apartment situated in Prime St. Pauls, two stunning bathrooms, underfloor heating, high specification throughout, two allocated and secure parking, planning permission for 600sqft of additional space and bespoke fittings. "
"A handsome Grade II listed period townhouse located in a sought-after residential area of Edgbaston, with off-road parking, garage, and private rear gardens. A most handsome Grade II listed period townhouse, one of a pair of attractive semi-detached early Victorian stucco villas, understood to d..."
MALCOLMSON CLOSE | Edgbaston | Detached House | 4 Bedrooms | 2 Reception rooms | 2 bathrooms | Garage | Driveway | Garden
"A particularly attractive three storey Edwardian detached family home, centrally located within Moseley Village and offering five double bedroom accommodation with three reception rooms and impressive reception hall, off road parking & garage and extensive lawned rear garden. Re-wired in 2021..."
"For Sale By Public Auction 30 March 2023 A Substantial Three Storey Detached Property with Land to side and rear which may have development potential, subject to obtaining the necessary planning consents"
A stunning five-bedroom period property in a much sought after Edgbaston cul de sac. The property boasts character features befitting of its Arts and Crafts style heritage with character features to compliment the spacious accommodation and large garden to the rear. Internal viewing highly recom...
It is a pleasure to offer for sale this superb traditionally styled detached property that offer plenty of potential internally along with externally by way of extension (STPP) set in an extremely sought after location Birmingham Road. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both ...
ROTTON PARK ROAD | 4 Bedrooms | 3 Receptions | Gated driveway | Large rear garden | Extended | Freehold
AUGUSTUS ROAD | Four bedrooms | Two reception rooms | Double garage | Private rear garden | Located on Calthorpe Estate
A substantial and executive four bedroom detached residence situated in a quiet cul-de-sac within the prestigious Calthorpe estate in Edgbaston. The property sits within an excellent corner plot in between wonderfully manicured front and rear gardens and has the additional benefit of a spacious d...
"Situated in much sought after Cofton Church Lane which leads down to Barnt Green Sailing Club. Beautifully presented, spacious family house with accommodation of almost 1,800 sq.ft. Four bedrooms, three reception rooms, kitchen breakfast room, large private mature garden, ample driveway parking.<..."
"Substantial semi-detached property set in delightful location on Moor Pool estate. Set well back from the road by a lawned fore garden, this spacious property has the benefit of large reception hall, three reception rooms, ground floor WC, kitchen, four double bedrooms and family bathroom. In ad..."
"This particularly spacious Victorian semi-detached residence is situated in this popular location, close to Harborne High Street, the Queen Elizabeth Medical Centre and Birmingham University. The property is well placed for excellent local primary schools and has the benefit of being adjacent to ..."
"A superb, detached 4 bedroom, extended family residence on the quaint and well located Hazelbank in Kings Norton. This substantial property extends over 2000 square feet and occupies a private positio..."
A spacious and significantly improved 4 bedroom semi-detached home on the well regarded Lordswood Road in Harborne. Having recently undergone significant extension and renovation this wonderful family...
"A rare opportunity to acquire a four bedroom, semi- detached, Victorian family home, situated within a popular area of Edgbaston, next to the beautiful St Augustine's church. Accommodation in brief: Entrance hallway, sitting room, dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, conservatory, guest WC, on..."
"Originally built in 1907 as accommodation for the nursing team at Selly Oak hospital, Woodlands is a remarkable redevelopment of one of Bournville's historic properties. Comprised of 18 luxury apartments, Woodlands is finished to a high specification"
A substantial and spacious four bedroom detached residence situated in a quiet cul-de-sac within the prestigious Calthorpe estate of Edgbaston. The property sits within this quiet private neighborhood between wonderfully manicured front and rear gardens. Additionally benefiting from off road park...
"A spacious and beautifully presented five bedroom detached house, incorporating a self-contained annexe, situated in Northfield, Birmingham (on the border of the Bournville  Village Trust ). The main house is offered with a good-sized lounge, kitchen/diner, study, four double bedrooms wit..."
"SIX BEDROOM PERIOD HOME IN THE HEART OF MOSELEY!* Retaining a wealth of period features, this sizeable period home sits nicely close to the Heart of Moseley Village and offers excellent access to all that is to see and offer in Moseley including the local coffee shops, independent restaurant's, l..."
"It is an honour to market for sale this incredible period style Freehold property that is beautifully presented internally and externally, plus an abundance of charm and features throughout. Internally the property enjoys, enclosed porch, welcoming entrance hall, with two staircases, guests cloa..."
"***360 VIRTUAL VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE***HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION***ABSOLUTELY STUNNING DETACHED 4 BED BUNGALOW PLUS SEPARATE 1 BED BUNGALOW INDEPENDENTLY ACCESSED & WHEELCHAIR ACCESSIBLE***LARGE ENVIABLE PLOT***SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN***AMPLE OFF-ROAD PARKING***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***
"
"Encompassing a corner position on Wentworth Road and Station Road, Harborne, ""The Oaks"" is a stunning traditional end terrace that has been vastly improved and expensively enhanced by the pr..."
"We are delighted to present to the market this most impressive, five bedroom detached family residence located on Ascot Road in Moseley offering great access into Moseley Village with all of its associated amenities including cafes, bars, restaurants and shopping facilities with good transport li..."
"A charming Victorian semi detached family home, set within this most sought after location and offering four double bedroom accommodation with many period features retained and benefiting from four reception rooms, off road parking & garage and long mature rear garden. EPC Rating E"
"Encasa offer this mixed use plot, approx. 0.175 of an acre. Comprising of; three bed flat, two bed flat, two bed terraced property, 2 x one bed flat and yard/land to the rear. Our client is considering serious offer only and proof of funds on request. For any further enquiries, call or email"
"It is a privilege to offer for sale this incredible newly built detached family home sat in a prime corner position off Pages Lane that has wonderful modern interiors throughout! Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The property offers, well-presented ent..."
FOR SALE* FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - 7 BEDROOMS/7 EN-SUITES* *INCREDIBLE ROI* *HIGHLY DESIRABLE AREA* *AVAILABLE NOW* *CURRENTLY TENANTED UNTIL 2024* *NEW REFURBISHED*
"A substantial detached Victorian property that has been beautifully and sympathetically restored by the current owners. With high ceilings throughout the versatile accommodation comprises of a welcoming entrance hallway, two spacious reception rooms, extended and re-fitted breakfast kitchen, util..."
"A particularly spacious detached family home, set within this secluded cul-de-sac location and offering four double bedroom accommodation with generous reception space, extensive off road parking, double garage and mature gardens. EP Rating G"
"*CONSERVATORY * TWO BATHROOMS * GREAT LOCATION* Oakmans offer a well presented, three bedroom semi detached property, ideally located on Quarry Road, Birmingham. The property offers an initial entrance hallway, spacious lounge, modern kitchen, conservatory, downstairs W/C, thre..."
"We are delighted to offer to the market this modern, three storey home located in this popular gated development in Moseley Village. Offering great access to Moseley Village and all of its associated amenities including bars, cafes, restaurants and shopping facilities and good transport links int..."
"**The landlord has advised that he is willing to guarantee the rent for 5 years! Speak to Oakmans for further information** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic investment opportunity located on a prime student road within Selly Oak, walking distance of Birmingham University, l..."
"Acres are delighted to offer for sale this incredible freehold Dormer Bungalow. Situated in the heart of Boldmere which is a thriving community with, shops, restaurant, excellent public transport and schools. This incredible property offers amazing versatile accommodation throughout and very ..."
*YOU ARE INVITED TO OUR OPEN HOUSE EVENT SATURDAY 1ST FROM 3PM ONWARDS* BY APPOINTMENT ONLY *2 parking spaces *Waterfront Mooring *Exclusive Gated development Fine & Country Birmingham are delighted to bring you Symphony Court
FOR SALE* FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - 7 BEDROOMS/6 EN-SUITES* *INCREDIBLE ROI* *HIGHLY DESIRABLE AREA* *AVAILABLE NOW* *CURRENTLY TENANTED UNTIL 2024* *NEW REFURBISHED*
"The Gold Collection are delighted to offer for sale a rare opportunity to acquire this stunning example of a beautifully renovated 1850s, 6 bedroom detached family home. VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!"
"Multi unit investment opportunity; 2 x 7 bedrom houses (leased to social housing on 10 year lease), 5 offices & A Unit - £60,000 p/a rental income"
SANFORD ROAD | Detached residence | Freehold | 10 double bedrooms | No Chain | Parking | Large rear garden | Private driveway to the rear.
"**NINE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY IN MOSELEY WITH NO CHAIN!!** We are delighted to present to the market this traditional style, nine bedroom, semi-detached property for sale within the popular residential area of Moseley Village giving great access to nearby Moseley Village with all of its a..."
"Spectacular penthouse duplex set in King Edwards Wharf. Excellent quality fixtures and fittings, together with some unique and thoughtful design features, make this property something special. Having spacious reception hall, superb dual aspect lounge and kitchen, three bedrooms, two with en s..."
"An attractive traditional detached family home, superbly situated for both Moseley Village & Kings Heath High Street and offering refurbished four bedroom accommodation with generous reception space, mature rear garden, off road parking and offered for sale with no upward chain. EP Rating D"
"A heavily extended and much improved, traditional detached house within a quiet cul de sac location."
"Offered for sale with No Chain* Refurbished and Modernised Four bedroom Detached Family Residence. Set in a highly desirable residential area close to both Moseley Village and Kings Heath High Streets, this impressive and spacious detached family home benefits from side garage and block pave..."
"A fine Victorian home boasting 2,337 sq. ft of modernised accommodation (yet still retaining its historic charm and character) including two reception rooms, a fantastic open plan kitchen/dining/family room (perfect for entertaining and family living), five bedrooms, four bathro..."
"A handsome and well-appointed Grade II listed family home with a lovely large garden in a popular location. This handsome red brick Victorian home has been lovingly updated by the current owners, the attention to detail is evident throughout. Beautifully appointed the property retains many of it..."
"Introducing this TWO-BED DUPLEX apartment in The Gothic - the latest addition to the JEWELLERY QUARTER. Set across 1,545 sq ft, this apartment offers a decadent HOME OFFICE space, high ceilings and contemporary decor as a standard."
"Offered with no onward chain, this four bedroom, split-level detached home provides spacious accommodation on a large plot close to The Lickey Hills Country Park. Benefitting from a large garage, one bedroom annex, balcony from the lounge, and spacious accommodation throughout. In brief, the p..."
"Spanning over 2300 sq.ft. this incredible canal facing duplex apartment is situated in the historic 1938 Fellows, Morton and Claytons warehouse conversion. Having undergone comprehensive and high end refurbishment, this premium apartment has been the star of several BBC shows and has offered a gr..."
"This impressive characterful four bed detached property occupies a much coveted and convenient location with stunning views onto Sutton park. Situated within close proximity of many sought after amenities including nearby Boldmere high street, desirable schools and transport links. Retaining many..."
"A unique five bedroom detached family home, located on the Moseley/Sparkhill border and offering beautifully presented accommodation with three reception rooms including an impressive dining kitchen, four bath/shower rooms and ample off road parking. EP Rating C"
"A well presented traditional family home set within this sought after location and offering well proportioned five bedroom accommodation with three reception rooms, extended dining kitchen, off road parking & garage. EP Rating D"
"This individual detached house is light and airy with spacious accommodation including a large reception hall, two reception rooms and a stylish fully fitted kitchen diner area. The property is finished to a high specification, with underfloor heating in the kitchen. The extremely striking kitc..."
"Offering NO CHAIN, this MOST IMPOSING, FREEHOLD,. FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED residence occupies a LARGE CORNER PLOT on the sought after BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST ESTATE & offers GREAT POTENTIAL but is ideally in need of MODERNISATION & IMPROVEMENT with SCOPE TO EXTEND (subject to LA & BVT c..."
"We are delighted to offer this detached, period house in the heart of Moseley ideally located for all of Moseley's amenities including shops, cafes and restaurants and also local transport links to the City Centre, with the new Moseley Railway Station just a short walk away. The property offers a..."
"New build investment opportunity! Beautiful, 1,2 and 3-bedroom residential, B1 apartments for sale. Starting from £175,000! B545"
"Dixons are proud to present to the market this rare opportunity to own a spacious fully refurbished Penthouse Duplex Apartment consisting of two bedrooms, three bathrooms, open plan living and two secure underground car parking spaces in the sort-after Canal Wharf development with no upward chain..."
"WOW! This DETACHED Victorian property has tones of character and comprises of Seven Bedrooms, Three Reception Rooms, Four Bathrooms, Fitted Kitchen, Garage and so much more. This property has bags of potential with a large rear garden and a huge Driveway. CALL NOW on !"
"The perfect family home ready to move in to with driveway for multiple vehicles and large rear garden. Accommodation comprising of porch, entrance hallway, two reception rooms, shower room, dining room, kitchen and utility area. On the first floor are four bedrooms , a family bathroom and additio..."
An elegant and beautifully proportioned three bedroom freehold property refurbished and finished to a rarely seen standard and featuring a superb specification and state of the art technology. 
" Hands Off Investment Opportunity - Sold With tenants in situ - £45,392.04 p.a rental income - lease ending on 17/07/2027 - Carehome / Supported Accommodation Investment "
*** Victorian Family Home *** Seven Bedrooms *** Three Reception Rooms *** Two En Suites *** Ground Floor Shower Room *** Family Bathroom *** Are you looking for a large family home ?? Then this is the one for you. Situated close to local amenities giving easy access in to Birmingham City C...
"*LOFT CONVERSION * PRIME BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST LOCATION* Oakmans are delighted to offer an immaculately presented, five bedroom property, beautifully positioned within the popular BVT estate on Heath Road South, Birmingham. The ground floor of the property offers an initial e..."
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER THIS DETACHED RESIDENCE COMPRISING: 4 BEDROOMS, LOFT, RECEPTION HALLWAY, KITCHEN, GARAGE, DOWNSTAIRS BATHROOM, UTILITY AREA, DOWNSTAIRS W/C, FIRST FLOOR SEPARATE W/C, CENTRAL HEATED, DOUBLE GLAZED, OFF ROAD PARKING, GARAGE AND FRONT & REAR GARDEN."
A four bedroomed detached house offering spacious family living space in a most convenient location and having a delightful south-facing garden backing on to open playing fields. ...
"** 360-DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE, CLICK THE LINK IN MEDIA SECTION ** This immaculate loft apartment offers luxury living with character features throughout. Located in the exclusive Sherborne Lofts development, this fantastic property enjoys an excellent position within the City Cent..."
FINAL DUPLEXES REMAINING! This Luxury loft style urban duplex is seated on the 7th and 8th floors with exceptional garden view. Spacious open plan living area with contemporary kitchen including integrated appliances and three double bedrooms. 
"Welcome to Pear Tree Drive, a spacious 4/5 bedroom extended dormer bungalow which offers plentiful scope to extend further and modernise to taste throughout. Approached via a large blocked paved driveway, there is internal access through a secure porch. You are welcomed into a bright hallway with..."
YOU ARE INVITED TO OUR OPEN DAY..BY APPOINTMENT ONLY.. 1st April FROM 9AM .. Birmingham Skyline views from large private terrace.. Incredible opportunity to acquire this stunning 3/4 bed freehold townhouse within a secure gated development
SHERBORNE LOFTS | 2 Bedroom DUPLEX | Balcony | Secure Parking | Concierge | No Chain | Sauna | Canal Views | 2 Minute Walk to Brindley Place
"Hunters are pleased to present this extended Seven bedroom semi-detached home on a considerable plot, set on the sought after Barrows Lane. Briefly comprising of Entrance Hallway, Lounge, Sitting Room, Kitchen/Diner, Two Utility rooms, downstairs Bathroom and Three further Reception room..."
"Situated within a HIGHLY DESIRABLE LOCATION this FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY has a SPACIOUS EXTENDED INTERIOR and GOOD SIZE REAR GARDEN. The accommodation briefly comprises: GROUND FLOOR: PORCH, HALLWAY, SITTING ROOM, OPEN-PLAN LIVING/DINING ROOM, BREAKFAST KITCHEN, CLOAKROOM/W.C. and GARAGE. ..."
"Well-proportioned period property offering spacious family accommodation set in an excellent location close to Harborne. This delightful Edwardian link-detached property offers two good sized reception rooms, extended breakfast kitchen, ground floor shower room, four bedrooms and bathro..."
"A very spacious and stylishly appointed detached 3 bedroom property situated in a quiet position with private woodland and stream running from the Lickey Hills. Accommodation in brief: Inviting entrance hall, sitting room, Kitchen/ dining/ family room, utility room with guest WC, Principle be..."
"THIS STUNNING FAMILY HOME NEEDS TO BE VIEWED TO APPRECIATE THE WEALTH OF ACCOMMODATION ON OFFER. benefiting from SEVEN BEDROOMS, THREE RECEPTION ROOMS and THREE SHOWER ROOMS the property also has A LARGE DRIVEWAY PROVIDING OFF ROAD PARKING AND GENEROUS ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN"
"A spacious 4 bedroom detached house with the benefit of a studio flat and a 2 bedroom detached bungalow in an excellent location for access to Kings Heath High Street, local schools, and the centre of Moseley. The detached house comprises: porch, hall, dining room, living room, modern fitted b..."
"A spacious family home of approximately 1,841 sq.ft (excluding garage). Four bedrooms, three reception rooms, kitchen breakfast room, en-suite facilities and family bathroom. Large rear garden. Situated in a exclusive location with panoramic countryside views from the rear of the property."
"Offered for sale with no forward chain and occupying a generous plot stretching over approximately 1/3 of an acre, is this spacious, extended, bay fronted three bedroom detached property with integrated garage. In brief the property comprises : entrance hallway, living room with bay fronted..."
*FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY * NINE BEDROOMS NINE EN-SUITES * LET UNTIL JUNE 2024* Oakmans offer a fantastic investment opportunity with this modern nine bedroom nine en-suite property located near to University of Birmingham and Queen Elizabeth Hospital. The property is l...
For sale by Unconditional Online Auction.
"A refurbished two bedroom end terrace, situated in a popular and convenient location. Ideally suited for first time buyers or buy to let investors"
"Check out the video tour for this gorgeous family home!
"
"**READY TO MOVE IN NOW** This LUXURY 32nd floor PENTHOUSE apartment, 976 sq ft of SPACIOUS open plan living. Concierge, private gym, concierge parking, residents lounge, coffee bar, secure and private green open space, canal and city views! With luxurious finishes throughou..."
'WOW' Take a look at this TOWNHOUSE in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter. With a COMMUNAL GARDEN. This HIDDEN GEM has CHARM and CHARACTER with its PERIOD FEATURES.
"Desirably located within the popular David Wilson, Lordswood Gardens development, this stunning five bedroom detached family home offers a unique opportunity to live within Edgbaston and in close proximity to the City Centre. Offered with a useful garage and spacious rear garden!"
"***SUPERB DETACHED FAMILY HOME***LIVING, DINING AND SITTING ROOM***KITCHEN/DINER***UTILITY***FIVE BEDROOMS***FAMILY BATHROOM, WET ROOM & EN-SUITE***LARGE REAR GARDEN***AMPLE OFF-ROAD PARKING & GARAGE***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***"
WYCKHAM CLOSE is a quiet cul de sac within close proximity to Harborne Golf Course. In addition Harborne High Street is readily accessible with its excellent shopping and restaurant facilities together with the Queen Elizabeth Medical Complex and Birmingham University. There are schools for chil...
"Standing within the heart of Birmingham's city centre, The Bank is tallest residential building, offering one, two and three bedroom apartments."
MOVE IN RIGHT AWAY into a Luxury loft style urban apartment located on the 7th and 8th floors with exceptional city views. Open plan living area with contemporary kitchen including integrated appliances and three double bedrooms. Located in the highly sough after Birmingham city centre.
"A 4 bedroom modern detached home built circa 2007. Having integral garage & driveway. Good sized rear garden. Open plan kitchen dining family room overlooking the rear garden, family lounge, guest WC & utility room, 2 bedrooms with en-suites & family bathroom. CH & DG."
"An extensively refurbished and well presented 3 storey plus cellar, traditional end terraced residence in a sought-after location close to Harborne High Street. Central heating and double glazing as specified, vestibule, hall, cloaks/WC, cellar, sitting room, dining room, refitted kitchen with ra..."
"This superbly proportioned five bed detached unique, architect designed and built dormer bungalow occupies an enviable location set close to Wylde Green centre enjoying access to it's many amenities including local shops, dining, schools and a superior transport network. The accommodation inc..."
"A rare opportunity has arisen to purchase one of only a handful of detached bungalows situated on the popular ‘Hollywood Grange’ development. The bungalow is situated in a cul-de-sac location and offers no upward chain with accommodation comprising in brief of three bedrooms, two r..."
"Edwards & Gray are delighted to bring to market this beautifully presented bungalow in the desirable village of Water Orton. Take a look at the video tour...
"
"A beautifully presented and discreetly located detached bungalow situated in a sought after rural location. Offering accommodation comprising a spacious lounge, conservatory, modern fitted kitchen, three double bedrooms, modern family shower room, extensive private rear garden, double garage, amp..."
"*** CASH BUYERS ONLY *** A unique opportunity to purchase a spacious two bedroom detached bungalow, which would benefit from modernisation and some re-configuration, offered with no upward chain on a generous quarter of an acre plot, situated in Moseley, Birmingham.
"
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price: £610,000 - £640,000*"
"This well presented superbly located four double bed detached property occupies a generous and enviable corner plot having the advantage of separate gated driveways, a well proportioned garage and outbuilding offering many development opportunities subject to planning permission. With excellent a..."
"The Hazel- ONLY PLOT 12 REMAINING, CALL US TODAY FOR OPEN DAY EVENT DETAILS."
"*** FIVE BEDROOMS – LUXURY HOME - FANTASTIC LOCATION *** Oakmans are delighted to offer this beautifully presented, five-bedroom, detached family home, located within the desirable Kingswood Close, Birmingham. The property briefly comprises of entrance hallway, dual aspect loung..."
"LV PROPERTY is delighted to present Viceroy House, a breathtaking development that takes inspiration from the New York loft-style of living. Located on the edge of the Jewellery Quarter, this building has been lovingly restored to reflect this using locally sourced craftsmen and appliances. <..."
"** ONLINE VIRTUAL SMART VIEWING TOUR AVAILABLE ** This very well-presented five bedroomed detached property with an additional outdoor optional office space is ideally situated within the much sought after location of Hollywood. The main accommodation briefly comprises; Enclosed porch,..."
"*** Secure Gated Development * Four Bedrooms * Beautifully Presented * Garage * Driveway *** Oakmans are excited to offer this beautifully presented four bedroom, mid terraced property situated in a private gated development off the Bristol Road, Edgbaston. Ideally situated for Birmingha..."
"NOW 95% SOLD! A stunning penthouse offering 1,401 sq ft of living space and three spacious bedrooms. This property is south facing and dual aspect, boasting heaps of natural light "
"Paul Carr Estate Agents are delighted to present this stunning three bedroom home located on Raeburn Road which sits in the heart of the popular Pheasey Estate, within excellent proximity of local schools and amenities. Approached via a private driveway suitable for two cars, you are welcomed thr..."
** UNIQUE DESIGN ** TUDOR STYLE ** DRIVE ON - DRIVE OFF DRIVEWAY ** UNIQUE FEATURES ** This UNIQUE architecturally designed DETACHED property is situated within CASTLE BROMWICH VILLAGE on the beginning of a popular tucked away street. The property has a very old feel to it due to the ch...
FOR SALE* FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - 6 BEDROOMS/6 EN-SUITES* *INCREDIBLE ROI* *HIGHLY DESIRABLE AREA* *AVAILABLE NOW* *CURRENTLY TENANTED UNTIL 2024* *NEW REFURBISHED*
"*FANTASTIC STUDENT PROPERTY IN GREATLOCATION – SEVEN BEDROOMS – TWO BATHROOMS* Introducing this student property offering accommodation briefly comprising of; seven bedrooms, two bathrooms, lounge, kitchen and rear garden. Set in the main student area, this is a prime student lo..."
"Deceptively spacious detached premises comprising of 11 Office Units, Communal Kitchen, Bathroom, Kitchenette & 3 x WC's set on 0.196 acres. May be suitable for a variety of uses STP"
"Hunters are pleased to present this immaculate extended six bedroom Victorian family home for sale, offering no chain. The property must be viewed in order to be appreciated and in brief comprises; To the ground floor; grand entrance hallway, A spacious main reception room with patio doo..."
"Five bedroom detached home measuring 1730 sq ft approx. The Hazel benefits from a large kitchen with integrated appliances separate dining room, living room. Master bedroom with en-suite, four double bedrooms. Ideally situated, close to all city centre amenities."
"""Location, location, location!"" Here is a house that must be viewed to be appreciated! Offering a blank canvas for you to put your own personal stamp upon with endless potential to truly make this your dream home."
This is a very well presented FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED home in a great location! LARGE IN AND OUT DRIVEWAY Great size family home!
***EXTENDED DETACHED FAMILY HOME***FOUR WELL PROPORTIONED BEDROOMS***EN SUITE OFF MASTER BEDROOM***PRIME LOCATION***INTERNAL VIEWING ESSENTIAL***TWO GARAGES***BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME***
"This well presented extended traditional style four bed detached property occupies a convenient and coveted location set within close proximity of nearby Sutton Park near to desirable shops and schools. With accommodation including a breakfast kitchen with utility corridor off, a dining hall, sep..."
Don't miss your chance to view this unique three storey family home within walking distance of Harborne High Street! Vivian Road benefits from having off-road parking for four cars and no-chain. Contact Harborne's experienced residential sales team today to book your viewing on .
"NOW 95% SOLD - This magnificent fully furnished duplex apartment over 1,566 Sq Ft features two bedrooms and a luxurious specification. Situated less than a ten minutes from New St Station. "
SUPERB INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY IN PRIME LOCATION OF SELLY OAK
"A unique and quirky detached home on Jockey Road in Sutton Coldfield that has recently undergone a stunning modernisation, creating a one-of-a-kind living space with a striking balance between modern design and characterful features.
"
"A traditional style detached family home within walking distance of Moseley Village, having two reception rooms, breakfast room/kitchen, four bedrooms, shower room, side garage, double glazing and central heating. EP Rating E"
A beautifully presented and deceptively spacious semi-detached home situated in the heart of the prestigious Moor Pool Estate. This wonderful home retains a host of original features and boasts four double bedrooms and off street parking for at least two cars. Sold with No Upwards Chain. 
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER A DETACHED RESIDENCE COMPRISING: 5 BEDROOMS, LOUNGE, DINING ROOM, KITCHEN, FAMILY BATHROOM, SEPARATE SHOWER ROOM, GUEST W/C, CENTRAL HEATING, DOUBLE GLAZING, OFF ROAD PARKING, GARAGE AND REAR GARDEN."
"This property is being sold through our Advanced sales method to provide complete transparency and security for all parties involved. £595,000. A very rare opportunity to acquire this stunning three bedroom ground floor apartment located in the iconic Bristol Court Development, the property..."
"Welcome to Boscobel Road, an impressive four-bedroom detached property with heaps of further potential. Approached via a large driveway and front lawns either side, you are welcomed into a porch space. Internally, there is a welcoming hallway with stairs to the first floor and access to the livin..."
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER THIS DETACHED RESIDENCE COMPRISING: 4 SPACIOUS BEDROOMS, LOFT CONVERSION, RECEPTION HALLWAY, THROUGH LOUNGE, SUN LOUNGE, KITCHEN ROOM, KITCHEN, DOWNSTAIRS W/C, UTILITY AREA, FIRST FLOOR BATHROOM, SEPARATE W/C, CENTRAL HEATED, DOUBLE GLAZED OFF ROAD PARKING, REAR GARDE..."
"This is a beautifully presented, deceptively spacious, five-bedroom terraced property, in a popular, very convenient and much sought after residential location. The property is located in the centre of Harborne off the High Street and comprises of five spacious bedrooms, two good sized reception..."
"READY TO MOVE IN NOW A LUXURY 3 storey townhouse boasting a MODERN, HIGH SPECIFICATION, open plan kitchen and living area, with four DOUBLE bedrooms. Located just off Camden Drive, accessed through SECURE gates, enjoying BEAUTIFUL landscaped communal gardens. ONLY 5 minu..."
"** STOP! THIS PROPERTY HAS EVERYTHING YOU'VE BEEN LOOKING FOR, FROM UNDERFLOOR HEATING TO CONTROL 4 HOME AUTOMATION SYSTEM THROUGH OUT *** YOU WONT WANT TO MISS OUT ON THE BEST HOUSE IN GREAT BARR ***"
"A deceptively spacious five bedroomed semi-detached house with tandem parking and a garage situated in a popular, convenient location and extending to some 1,764 sq. ft. (163 sq.m). Chain Free. Council Tax Band E "
***DETACHED***FOUR BEDROOMS MASTER WITH ENSUITE***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***CONSERVATORY***DOWNSTAIRS WC***OFF ROAD PARKING***DOUBLE GLAZING***INTEGRAL GARAGE***
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this gorgeous, four storey townhouse, located in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter. A rare find within the City, this freehold house with allocated parking is set within a gated development, offered with NO upward chain! "
This is a very well presented SIX BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED home in a great location! THREE RECEPTION ROOMS Ideal large family home LARGE REAR GARDEN
"A truly stunning, 4 bedroom character home situated on the highly desirable and well located Carless Avenue. This lovingly maintained and much improved property features the rare option of driveway pa..."
"Paul Carr Land and New Homes are delighted to offer for sale a new build detached family home with 4 generous double bedrooms. Arranged over 1,500 square foot, the property provides excellent living space with a lounge to the front and separate kitchen/diner to the rear encouraging outdoor living..."
ST JAMES CHURCH | Three bedrooms | Duplex | Parking & Garage | No Chain |
"Proudly presenting this five bedroom detached property comprises; two spacious reception rooms, kitchen / diner, ground floor wc, off road parking, garage and rear garden. Contact our residential sales team to register your interest and get your viewing booked in today on ."
A simply stunning three/four bedroom family home situated on this prestigious road in Harborne Village. Located adjacent to the Harborne High Street the property offers stunning and extended living accommodation with a host of wonderfully retained period features. The property boasts a secluded r...
"*SIMPLY WONDERFUL FIVE BEDROOM VICTORIAN HOME IN PRIME LOCATION!* The Limes dates back to 1891 and this wonderful, Victorian, five bedroom semi-detached family residence offers an abundance of charm and character with a plethora of period details and some lovely modern improvements. Offering exce..."
Fine and country Birmingham are delighted to present this very desirable duplex apartment in the beautiful Royal Arch Development
***MUCH SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION***EXTENDED***THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS***LOUNGE/DINING ROOM***KITCHEN/DINER***SEPARATE UTILITY ROOM***GUEST W.C.***LUXURY FAMILY BATHROOM***EN-SUITE AREA TO BEDROOM THREE***PRIVATE ESTABLISHED GARDENS TO REAR***AMPLE DRIVEWAY TO FORE*** A fantastic opportunity to purcha...
"A well presented family home in an excellent location on one of Harborne's most ideally located roads. Set out over 4 storeys, the property offers an exceptional level of living accommodation for ..."
Substantially extended FREEHOLD DETATCHED residence enjoying prime location within the much sought after BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST ESTATE offering classic FOUR BEDROOMED accomodation with SCOPE FOR FURTHER EXTENSION if required subject to appropriate consent being obtained. EP Rating D
Fine & Country Birmingham are proud to present our latest listing within the stunning Royal Arch development in the famous Mailbox Birmingham
"An immaculate and beautifully presented five bedroom detached house, offered with a fabulous open plan kitchen/diner/family room, lounge, study, two contemporary en suites, modern family bathroom, landscaped rear garden and off road parking with a garage, situated in a modern development in Co..."
"Viewing absolutely essential to fully appreciate this three bedroom, Freehold, double fronted semi-detached family home which occupies a delightful position on the sought after Bournville Village Trust Estate. Two garages, off road parking and lovely, generous rear garden. EP Rating D"
"***GREAT LOCATION*** ***SPACIOUS INSIDE*** ***GUEST WC*** ***UTILITY ROOM*** ***STUDY/HOME OFFICE*** ***EN SUITE IN MASTER BEDROOM*** ***VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE*** This four bedroom, end of terrace property, is ideally located close to Harborne high street. The property requires full refurbishmen..."
"Desirably located on Brindley Avenue, this spacious four bedroom detached family home offers a unique opportunity to live within Edgbaston and in close proximity to the City Centre. Offered with the added bonus of a garage, solar panels and a spacious rear garden!"
"Dixons estate agents are proud to give you this fantastic opportunity to purchase a luxury, stylish and beautifully presented two-bedroom 19th floor penthouse apartment. The penthouse comprises a large hallway, two double bedrooms with built in wardrobes, one room comes with a walk in ..."
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are proud to offer for sale this well presented extended four bedroom detached property in the sought after cul-de-sac location of Hazel Drive, Hollywood, B47. "
"This beautiful period style Cottage is wonderfully spacious throughout with many exciting features. Benefiting from gas central heating (where specified), this eye catching property offers vestibule entrance, welcoming hallway, guests cloakroom with door down to cellar, dual aspect family lounge ..."
"*** PLEASE QUOTE REF: #SC008 *** *** IMMACULATE 4 BEDROOM DETATCHED IN A MUCH REQUESTED LOCATION ***
"
***EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI***PRIME LOCATION***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***LUXURY FITTED KITCHEN DINER***REAR GARDEN ROOM***FOUR WELL PROPORTIONED BEDROOMS***FAMIY BATHROOM***MULTI USE GARDEN ROOM***
"Acres are pleased to offer this superb family home ideal for investment for first time buy and offers excellent accommodation and is located in this popular residential area. Being close to local schooling for all age groups, public transport & Scott Arms, the property briefly comprises; receptio..."
** LUXURY TOWNHOUSE** HIGH SPECIFICATION** COMPLETION THIS SUMMER** GRADE II LISTED BUILDING**ONE OF A KIND** PRESTIGIOUS JEWELLERY QUARTER LOCATION**
"** PRIME HARBORNE LOCATION ** COMPLETELY REFURBISHED FIVE BEDROOM VICTORIAN RESIDENCE ** DRIVEWAY ** SPACIOUS LOUNGE ** FITTED KITCHEN DINER ** UTILITY ROOM/W.C ** TWO EN-SUITES ** FAMILY BATHROOM ** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED SECURE REAR GARDEN ** CLOSE TO HARBORNE VILLAGE, QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL **"
"This deceptively spacious four bedroom, detached family home is idyllically located within Ravenshaw Road, Edgbaston. Offering three large reception rooms, a brilliant rear garden and potential to extend further! "
"Just Moves Sales are delighted to bring to market this superb Traditional Detached Family Home on Fairyfield Avenue, Great Barr. Fairyfield Avenue is located off Newton Road and is a Cul De Sac of uniquely designed properties. These Family Homes do not come to market very often!!"
"***FIVE BEDROOMS - FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS - OPEN PLAN KITCHEN - BI FOLD DOORS*** Oakmans are extremely delighted to offer this most magnificent property for sale. The property has been extensively renovated throughout, extended and modernised. A viewing is highly recommended on this one of..."
"The Orchard benefits from a large open plan Kitchen / Diner with integrated appliances, Living Room, Large Lounge with bifold doors, Master Bedroom with separate shower room, three further bedrooms and a Study."
"A well presented and much improved detached family home, set within this most sought after location and offering well proportioned accommodation with four double bedrooms, versatile reception/living space and off road parking. EP Rating D"
"THE WILLOW - A fantastic opportunity to purchase a luxury, stylish and beautifully presented four-bedroom detached home measuring 1628 sq ft approx and having a juliette balcony with fantastic views."
"**BACK TO THE MARKET!**
A rare opportunity to purchase this three bedroom semi-detached house offers huge potential.
The property boasts two reception rooms, kitchen, bathroom, garage and front driveway. Buyers are advised that large scale renovation would enhance the property significantly in su..."
"A beautifully presented, extensively refurbished 4 bedroom double fronted 4 storey home on the conveniently located and well regarded North Road in central Harborne. This sizeable property ..."
"We are delighted to offer to the market on a No Chain basis, this five bedroom detached family home which is located in this popular cul-de-sac off Wake Green Road in Moseley which offers excellent access to Moseley Village and is located within easy reach of all of its associated amenities ..."
WHAT'S BETTER THAN STAMP DUTY PAID? HOW ABOUT STAMP DUTY AND AND LEGAL FEE'S PAID! CALL US NOW
A truly stunning 3 bedroom period 'arts and crafts' home set in the heart of Bournville on Linden Road. This lovingly maintained and much improved property occupies an excellent position just ...
***LARGE DETACHED CORNER PLOT ****FOUR BEDROOMS***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***KITCHEN & DINER WITH SEPARATE UTILITY ROOM ***OFF ROAD PARKING & DOUBLE GARAGE***DOWNSTAIRS WC & SHOWER***FAMILY BATHROOM****GARDEN HOUSE***SPACIOUS GARDEN ***SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION***POTENTIAL TO FURTHER EXTEND ON BOTH FLOORS**
"THIS FOUR BEDROOMED DETACHED FAMILY HOME IS CONVENIENTLY LOCATED ON THE SOUGHT AFTER BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST ESTATE. Situated in this peaceful cul-de-sac the property benefits from three reception rooms, en-suite shower room to the main bedroom, ground floor WC, garage and driveway parking. Ve..."
"EXTENDED IMPRESSIVE PROPERTY Virdee Estates are proud to present For Sale this five bedroom semi detached property. Comprising of having a porch, hallway, reception room, through lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen, ground floor shower room, ground floor W.C, and first floor bathroom. Further ben..."
"WELL LOCATED EXTENDED DETACHED FOUR BEDROOMED FAMILY HOME IN THIS PLEASANT TREE-LINED CUL-DE-SAC NEAR THE HISTORIC KINGS NORTON VILLAGE GREEN. Offering two reception rooms, spacious kitchen/diner, driveway parking and enjoying open views to the rear. EP RATING: C"
Ideally situated for a wealth of local amenities including desirable schools shops and transport links this well proportioned traditional style four bed detached house occupies a coveted and convenient cul de sac location. Offering excellent accommodation comprising a breakfast kitchen along with...
"** CUL-DE-SAC-LOCATION ** EXTENDED ** CONSERVATORY ** DRIVEWAY ** GUEST WC ** EN-SUITE ** This FOUR/FIVE bedroom semi-detached property has been extended to the rear and to the side to create a larger style family home. The property consists of a DRIVEWAY for multiple vehicles, enclosed..."
FOUR BEDROOMS! This is fantastic property with LOADS OF ROOM! Having THREE RECEPTION ROOMS this really is a great family home! In need of updating but having bags of potential including a GARAGE /LAND to the side this could be extended (SSTP) CALL NOW! 
"A beautifully appointed, bright and spacious two bedroom duplex apartment with tandem parking situated in the premium Mansion House Development in one of the city's most prestigious suburban locations. "
***SUPERB DETACHED FAMILY HOME***SPACIOUS LOUNGE & SITTING ROOM***KITCHEN/DINER***UTILITY & SHOWER ROOM***FOUR BEDROOMS***FAMILY BATHROOM***LARGE REAR GARDEN***AMPLE OFF-ROAD PARKING & TWO GARAGES***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***
"The OPA are pleased to present this two bedroom, two bathroom, luxury duplex penthouse apartment with stacker system parking and 999 year lease, offered with no upward chain."
"***THREE SELF CONTAINED FLATS***FLAT 1***FLAT 2 - LOUNGE/ KITCHEN, THREE BEDROOMS***FLAT 3 - LOUNGE, KITCHEN, TWO BEDROOMS***CENTRAL HEATING***DOUBLE GLAZING***"
"VIEWINGS RECOMMENDED FOR THIS FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY RESIDENCE SET OUT OVER THREE FLOORS WITH MANY ORIGINAL PERIOD FEATURES. This property is situated in this most sought after location in Kings Heath and comprises of Two Reception Rooms, Downstairs W.C, Dining Kitchen, Four Bedrooms, Bathroom, Off ..."
A spacious three/ four bedroom detached house in an extremely sought after location. Offering views over Sutton Park and with planning consent to turn it into an executive SIX bedroom house with four bathrooms and possible separate annex to lower ground floor. The current accommodation over fou...
"Acres are delighted to offer for sale this incredible enhanced and extended freehold property beautifully located in the heart of Water Orton. The interiors are incredible and offers wonderful modern day living. It includes double opening doors into a welcoming entrance hall, family lounge, st..."
"Planning permission has been granted on appeal for a contemporary detached family home of approximately 4,540sqft, including a basement (with pool, gym & utility) of approximately 840sqft. The sellers have purchased a parcel of land from the adjoining neighbour which squares off the plot and incr..."
"Beautiful 4-bedroom Edwardian semi-detached house, situated in an extremely sought-after area in Kings Heath. The property comprises 2 reception rooms, extension with fitted kitchen/ diner, downstairs WC, 4 spacious double bedrooms, family bathroom, front drive for 2-3 cars, rear garden with..."
"This is a wonderful family home with incredible interiors throughout. This freehold property , council tax band E, is close to The beauty spot that is Sutton Park and also many other amenities. The interiors have been extended and enhanced throughout and include enclosed porch, very spacious en..."
A Nicely Presented Extended Family Home in a Superb Location With Lovely Views & Situated on a Large Plot with Paddock to the Side
EDGBASTON LAND WITH PLANNING PERMISSION | Excellent Location | Selling with Planning Permission for 2 x 7 Bed Bungalows with Garages | Cul-de-sac Type Access | Short Drive to City Centre | B16 Postcode | Viewings Strictly By Appointment Only | Call Davidson Estates to Arrange Viewing
"A Greatly Extended & Immaculately Presented Most Individual Semi Detached House With Rear Independent Annex, Offering Versatile Family Accommodation In This Popular & Convenient Location"
This property is being sold through our Advanced sales method to provide complete transparency and security for all parties involved. A Six Bedroom Detached Property.
"LARGE, 5 BED DETACHED family home in POPULAR LOCATION with SIDE ANNEX, OFF ROAD PARKING and offering SPACIOUS lounge, SEPARATE sitting room, Fitted Kitchen & utility, ANNEX offering LARGE reception room/DOWNSTAIRS bedroom with WET ROOM off. 4 First Floor BEDS (Master with shower room EN-SUITE..."
"THIS STYLISH AND IMMACULATELY PRESENTED PROPERTY NEEDS TO BE VIEWED TO FULLY APPRECIATE THE EXTENT OF THE ACCOMMODATION PROVIDED. Ideal for the larger family or multi-generational living, the property boasts five bedrooms with spacious living accommodation. Situated on the Bournville Village Tr..."
"Burchell Edwards are proud to present this stunning four bedroom detached property located in Hall Green. This lovely family home is spacious throughout, offering plenty of living space both downstairs, upstairs and throughout the garden areas."
"*SUPERB DETACHED MODERN FOUR BEDROOM HOME** Something very unique to the Moseley market! This Coach House style property is flooded with light and contemporary features throughout and is located in this prime location on Park Hill, Moseley with all of its well renowned amenities including shops,..."
"Substantial terraced property built c.1895 having an abundance of well-preserved original features throughout and located in Melville Road, Edgbaston. This five bedroom house is set over three floors and briefly comprises two reception rooms with interconnecting doors, extended breakfast kitchen,..."
***DETACHED HOME***FIVE BEDROOMS***THREE RECEPTION ROOMS***VIEWING ESSENTIAL***MUCH SOUGHT AFTER CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION***WELL MAINTAINED THROUGHOUT***
Oakmans are excited to market this well presented five bedroom detached property which is located in a popular residential area of Quinton. Conveniently located near to many transport links to the city centre and other neighbouring areas. The property is also situated within the catchment area of...
"** CHARACTERFUL ** DETACHED ** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED GARDEN ** OPEN KITCHEN DINER ** Oakmans estate agents are delighted to bring a beautifully presented, characterful, detached property to the market. This wonderful home is situated on the desirable Langleys road and benefits from havi..."
A beautifully appointed Freehold Townhouse situated in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter. This amazing Grade II listed property is circa 2000 sq ft and is immaculately presented throughout. Viewing is essential to appreciate the size and quality of accommodation on offer.
***** FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*****DETACHED PROPERTY*****FIVE INDEPENDENT ONE BEDROOM FLATS*****ALL TENANTED*****COMMUNAL PARKING*****AUCTION***
*** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY *** PRIME LOCATION NEAR TO THE CITY CENTRE *** TWO GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS *** LIVING ROOM *** KITCHEN/DINER *** FAMILY BATHROOM *** DOWNSTAIRS W/C *** DRIVEWAY *** FRONT & REAR GARDENS *** SOLAR PANELS ***
"Why is this home Chosen… This extended and fully re-furbished family home is located in a popular residential area just a short walk from Boldmere high street. This incredible home offers a magnificent, modern kitchen which flows perfectly into the dining room and front family room, utility r..."
"It is a privilege to offer for sale this beautiful corner plot detached property located on a very desirable residential road off Newton Road, Great Barr. The property benefits from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The very spacious interiors include an large enclose..."
** BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST LOCATION ** WELL-PRESENTED FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED RESIDENCE ** SPACIOUS THROUGH LOUNGE ** DINING ROOM ** FITTED KITCHEN ** UTILITY AREA ** CLOAKROOM/W.C ** FAMILY BATHROOM ** BEAUTIFUL REAR GARDEN ** GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY ** IDEAL FAMILY HOME ** NO ONWARD CHAIN **
A rather unique and truly stunning 4/5 bedroom character home on the conveniently located Harborne Lane. Having been lovingly maintained and improved by the current owners this substantial family home...
"A superbly refurbished, redesigned, and extended four bedroomed property situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location. Two reception rooms, dining kitchen, cloakroom, utility, master bedroom with en suite, two further double bedrooms and a single bedroom. Smart house bathroom. Good driveway parking to..."
*** FIVE BEDROOMS *** IMMACULATELY PRESENTED *** OPEN PLAN LIVING *** WALKING DISTANCE TO SUTTON PARK *** BEAUTIFULLY EXTENDED ***
A wonderfully presented 19th century period home situated in this prestigious location in the heart of Harborne Village just off the High Street. The spacious five bedroom terraced property provides a host of characterful features with a wonderful extended breakfast kitchen with exposed beams to...
*** YOU MUST BE AN INVESTOR BUYER TO ENQUIRE ABOUT THIS PROPERTY - NOT AVAILABLE TO FIRST TIME BUYERS *** Landlord to Landlord Service - GetAnOffer are looking for LANDLORDS to purchase this home which is currently RENTED producing an income. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property fo...
This is a well presented FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME in a great location! LARGE REAR GARDEN perfect family home OFF ROAD PARKING
"The Orchards is a development of nine spacious, luxury, high specification homes. Located on the edge of Harborne, they are within walking distance to Harborne village high street, offering high specification fixtures and fittings, along with inspiring, professional interior design. The a..."
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND E We are delighted to present to the market this stunning three bedroom detached house situated on Queslett Road, Great Barr, Birmingham. The property offers a well-adapted layout, spacious and comfortable accommodation making it the perf..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to market this FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED family home which is situated in Sutton Coldfield. MINUTES FROM THE M6 & M42 this is the perfect commuter property and also within easy reach of local schools, shops and amenities. This family home really does need to be viewed to ..."
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented, spacious traditional three bedroom detached property situated on this popular cul-de-sac in Wythall which is ideally situated for the local amenities. Benefitting from having immense POTENTIAL TO EXTEND!"
"A spacious chalet style family home in need of renovation situated opposite the historic ‘Moseley Bog’ nature reserve (acknowledged as having inspired J.R.R Tolkien whilst writing his Lord of the Rings trilogy) with accommodation featuring; entrance hallway with stairs to first floor,..."
***IMPRESSIVE DETACHED FAMILY HOME***FOUR BEDROOMS***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***FITTED KITCHEN***OFF ROAD PARKING***INTEGRATED GARAGE***REAR GARDEN***MUCH SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION***
Situated in a sought after location an exciting opportunity to purchase this three bedroom extended detached bungalow in need of total modernisation or a development opportunity STPP. The Fordrough is a private road situated off Turemans Heath Lane with a variety of different types of housing......
"Oakmans are delighted to offer this stunning three bedroom semi detached property. Located on Metchley Lane, the property is within walking distance to Harborne High Street, offering an array of bars, restaurants and shops. There are fantastic transport links into Birmingham City Centre and the p..."
***IMMACULATLEY PRESENTED DETACHED FAMILY HOME***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***FITTED KITCHEN/DINER***FOUR WELL PROPORTIONED BEDROOMS***MUCH SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION***TICKS ALL THE BOXES***
"Spacious DETACHED family home with an INTEGRAL GARAGE and parking for TWO CARS. The OPEN PLAN kitchen diner benefits from FRENCH DOORS out to your garden. There's also a handy UTILITY and storage. Upstairs are FOUR DOUBLE bedrooms, one with an EN suite, plus a family bathroom."
**WOW....FIVE BEDROOMS!! THIS PROPERTY OFFERS SO MUCH SPACE AND WOULD BE DESIRABLE FOR ANY FAMILY** TAKE A LOOK INSIDE AND PREPARED TO BE WOWED**
"A beautifully presented semi-detached Arts & Crafts Style property, situated in the desirable conservation area known as 'Moor Pool' in Harborne"
"A very well situated modern link detached residence on wider than average plot. Delightful and convenient tree-lined location. Central heating and double glazing as specified, hall, cloaks/WC fitted breakfast/kitchen, lounge/dining room, three bedrooms, shower room/WC, side garage, good off-road..."
"The Drummond is a spacious and elegant four bedroom DETACHED family home offering a single INTEGRAL GARAGE, OPEN PLAN kitchen diner, a handy UTILITY ROOM and DOUBLE bedrooms. Call our team today to discuss the incentives on offer with this brand new home."
"A well presented mid terrace property in a cul-de-sac location with two double bedrooms, breakfast kitchen, family bathroom, lounge, pleasant rear garden and off road parking "
***EXTENDED PROPERTY - OFF ROAD PARKING - SIX BEDROOMS - THREE BATHROOMS*** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic end terraced property for sale. Situated perfectly for transport links into Birmingham City Centre and Moseley. The property is also close by to plenty of local ameni...
"Interior viewing essential of this attractive semi detached family home, offering well proportioned five bedroom accommodation with two reception rooms and particularly spacious dining kitchen. Benefiting from off road parking, garage and mature rear garden. EP Rating D"
"***WONDERFULLY PRESENTED FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM HOUSE WITH OFF-ROAD PARKING AND SIZEABLE REAR GARDEN IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION*** FAMILY BATHROOM, TWO FURTHER SHOWER ROOMS, UTILITY ROOM AND GUEST WC. SPACIOUS REAR FAMILY KITCHEN WITH STRIKING CENTRE ISLAND***"
"This superbly extended and beautifully presented home sits within close proximity of desirable local schools shops and eateries close to a superior public transport network. Having three spacious bedrooms, a dressing room/study luxury bathroom and guest cloakroom along with b-fold doors and log b..."
***SUPERB DETACHED FAMILY HOME***SPACIOUS LOUNGE & LIVING ROOM***KITCHEN & DINING ROOM***UTILITY & SHOWER ROOM***FOUR BEDROOMS***FAMILY BATHROOM***LARGE REAR GARDEN***AMPLE OFF-ROAD PARKING & GARAGE***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***
"***FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, SIZEABLE FAMILY KITCHEN-DINER, BATHROOM PLUS TWO FURTHER SHOWER ROOMS, UTILITY ROOM AND GUEST WC, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, SOUGHT AFTER AREA CLOSE TO POPULAR COMMUTER ROUTES***VIEWING ADVISED***"
"***SPACIOUS 5 BEDROOM BRAND NEW HOME AVAILABLE NOW*** SUPERBLY FINISHED HOME WITH SOCIABLE BASE BOASTING KITCHEN/LIVING SPACE ALONG WITH TWO FURTHER RECEPTION ROOMS. FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, FAMILY BATHROOM PLUS SHOWER ROOM AND EN SUITE"
"BEAUTIFULLY FINISHED FIVE BEDROOM BRAND NEW HOME CLOSE TO COMMUTER ROUTES AND SOUGHT AFTER SCHOOLS. WITH SPACIOUS KITCHEN-FAMILY ROOM, SEPARATE LOUNGE AND STUDY, MASTER WITH CONTEMPORARY EN SUITE, FURTHER BATHROOM, SHOWER ROOM AND FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, ***VIEWING IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***"
***FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE***LARGE DETACHED EXTENDED DOUBLE GARAGE***KITCHEN/DINING ROOM***LOUNGE AND SEPERATE STUDY***UTILITY ROOM AND DOWNSTAIRS WC***CLOSE PROXIMITY TO PRINCESS ALICE RETAIL PARK***MASTER BEDROOM WITH EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM***CUL DE SAC LOCATION***
"**LAST FEW UNITS REMAINING** A large attractive two bedroom, two bathroom apartment in the brand new Reliance Works. A beautifully restored three storey Grade II listed building comprising nine well appointed one- and two-bedroom apartments offering classic Georgian styling and exquisitely desig..."
A unique opportunity to purchase a four double bedroom detached house in Harborne and located close to the City Centre. The property is desirably situated within the popular Cardinal Close development benefiting from enviously high quality and contemporary interiors and set over three floors. D...
"*WONDERFUL PERIOD PROEPRTY IN THE HEART OF BOURNVILLE!* Located in one of the area's most sought-after roads, in the heart of Bournville, is this charming, three bedroom semi-detached home with an abundance of character throughout. It is ideally located for all the area has to offer only being ..."
"Acres are pleased to offer for sale this superb period style property ideally located on this ever popular residential road close to Boldmere's many shops, restaurants & bars. The accommodation includes a vestibule entrance, hall with guest w.c., off, two reception rooms, kitchen/breakfast room, ..."
Purple Bricks bring to you this stunning four- bedroom detached family home set in a very sought-after location in Sutton Coldfield. SELLING CHAIN-FREE and now VACANT. Sitting within the Boldmere school catchment areas is this beautiful family home setting a very generous plot within easy reac...
"Excellent semi-detached property set in secluded private road, having recently been thoughtfully extended and upgraded to create a delightful home briefly comprising: through lounge dining room, open plan kitchen, utility room, ground floor WC, two double bedrooms to the first floor, one with en..."
*EPC RATING D *FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS *DETACHED *DRIVEWAY PARKING *INTEGRATED GARAGE *REAR GARDEN *CONSERVATORY *BATHROOM *SHOWER ROOM *IDEAL FAMILY HOME *POPULAR LOCATION *LOCAL AMENITIES *CHAIN FREE 
"Oakmans are delighted to offer a stunning five-bedroom semi-detached family home which is a sight to behold, boasting exquisite design elements and thoughtful features that make it a true standout. The property has been tastefully extended with a single-storey rear extension, complete w..."
"NO CHAIN - Extended detached family home situated in this highly sought after cul de sac, close to Moseley village centre and excellent local schooling. Featuring four bedrooms, two bathrooms and two large reception rooms, along with study, gym, w/c and open plan kitchen plus utility room."
"Extended and Detached Home situated on a corner plot in a pleasant cul-de-sac location, With Four Good Bedrooms, Two Reception Rooms, Generous Garage and within walking distance of Manor Park. Requiring some modernisation and improvement however, offering great potentail and No Chain. EP Rating D."
A stunningly presented three bedroom mid terrace townhouse located in a popular Harborne location. This two bathroom property offers spacious accommodation complete with sympathetic upgrades.
"Government Backed Rental Investment - 10.5% Net Rental Yield On 5 Year Lease & No Break Clause - Net Rental Income £55,287.25 p.a / 4,607.27 pcm. No Voids & No General Maintenance, hands off, ready made investment opportunity"
"***LARGE PLOT*** *** THREE RECEPTION ROOMS*** ***LARGE DRIVEWAY*** ***AVAILABLE FOR VIEWINGS*** Dixons are pleased to present this fantastic opportunity to acquire an extremely large family home! This wonderful property is set upon two plots of land allowing a great size frontage, with ample park..."
"An immaculate and uniquely designed three storey family home built in 2014 and finished to an impeccable standard throughout (with 1 year remaining on a premium guarantee warranty). This energy efficient property boasts open plan living, a luxury top floor master bedroom wi..."
"Beautifully situated in a cul de sac location on the very popular Pear Tree Estate is this superb extended semi-detached property that benefits from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The interiors include; light and airy entrance hall, spacious through lounge, extende..."
"A 4 bedroom Victorian semi-detached over 3 floors. Close access to main road & rail links & amenities. Having hallway, lounge & sitting room, fitted dining kitchen, 3 1st floor bedrooms, family bathroom, 3rd floor 4th bedroom. Good sized rear garden. Some character features. Good school catchments."
"Welcome to The Orchards, BRAND NEW HOMES in a much sought after location walking distance to Harborne High Street. A bespoke collection of nine high specification NEW HOMES, boasting Four bedrooms and Four bathrooms situated over three storeys, complete with driveway and rear garden. Inte..."
"EXQUISITELY DESIGNED INDUSTRIAL STYLE two-bedroom, two-bathroom property offering a unique opportunity, setting new standards for luxury living within the Birmingham market in the city's Gun Quarter. Offering a high standard of living, the property's focal point is the open plan kitchen ..."
"*** FIVE BEDROOMS – RECENTLY REFURBISHED – NO UPWARD CHAIN *** Oakmans are delighted to offer this beautifully presented, five-bedroom, semi-detached family home, located within the desirable Etwall Road, Birmingham. The property briefly comprises of entrance hallway, three rece..."
"Welcome to this superb four bedroom detached family home in the much sought after Martineau Gardens estate. The property boasts welcoming living room, open plan kitchen/diner with the luxuries of two bath/shower rooms, utility, integral garage, driveway and rear garden. Offered with no upward..."
"A spacious two bedroom two bathroom apartment in one of the regions most prestigious and intimate residential developments. This first floor property includes two reception rooms, separate kitchen, balcony, gates parking space plus private garage. A rare opportunity not to be missed."
"This superbly extended five bed semi detached property occupies a most enviable and convenient location ideally situated for many desirable amenities including shops, schools and transport links. With excellent accommodation including a separate bath and shower room, guest cloakroom, along with t..."
"CITY LIVING WITH A COUNTRY FEEL. LV PROPERTY is thrilled to present this magnificent townhouse. The property opens up a hugely spacious downstairs space, gracefully transitioning from the living room to the kitchen. This large space is perfect for guests, or quiet nights. As you go u..."
"KLARICO Estate Agents are delighted to present this stunning 6 bedroom semi-detached property, located within a sought after street in Birmingham. Benefits from having off-road parking for multiple vehicles and a garage. Features a large rear extension."
OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN - A truly outstanding and an extremely rare opportunity to acquire a family home possessing unlimited potential and ideal for arterial access to Erdington and Birmingham centres. This beautifully extended six bedroom detached family home boasts three receptio...
"High-end two, three bedroom apartments and townhouses, right in the heart of Birmingham's iconic Jewellery Quarter."
"A brand new three-bedroom Freehold townhouse with secure gated parking with EV charging point and garden to the rear available to move in March 2023, part of the stunning Heaton House development situated in the ever-popular Jewellery Quarter."
"Bairstow Eves are pleased to offer this much extended and improved semi detached property for sale on the popular Woodlands road, this property must be viewed in order to appreciate the size. The property in brief comprises; integral garage, porch, entrance hallway, two reception room..."
"**LAST FEW UNITS REMAINING** A larger than average attractive two bedroom, two bathroom with original features apartment in the brand new Reliance Works. A beautifully restored three storey Grade II listed building comprising nine well appointed one- and two-bedroom apartments offering classic G..."
"**WE'LL CONTRIBUTE UP TO £25,350 TOWARDS YOUR NEW HOME AND WE'LL INCLUDE FLOORING* WHEN YOU MOVE TO THIS HOME**. This three storey home offers plenty of space for a growing family. The ground floor includes a spacious open plan kitchen diner with French doors leading to the garden. Along with a s..."
***PART EXCHANGE AVAILABLE***. This three storey home offers plenty of space for a growing family. The ground floor includes a spacious open plan kitchen diner with French doors leading to the garden. Along with a sizeable lounge for all the family to relax. The first floor features two double an...
Introducing this beautifully presented extended three bedroom family home in the popular location of Moseley.
"**JUST LAUNCHED** Introducing 48 unique homes in the heart of Birmingham’s prestigious Jewellery Quarter! The Pressworks is located in the heart of Birmingham’s prestigious Jewellery Quarter. Just moments from the famous St Paul’s Square, The Colmore Business District and Birmingham City Centre..."
"** NEW YEAR - NEW HOME - READY TO MOVE INTO *** LAST PLOT REMAINING *** FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** TWO FAMILY BATHROOMS *** New build Detached Family Home comprising of Two Reception Rooms, Kitchen, Utility Room, Guest W.C., Five Bedrooms with master having En-Suite and Two Family Bathrooms."
"A must see beautiful detached bungalow in a fantastic location, viewing is essential to appreciate the size and potential of this wonderful property. Ideal for families. Benefiting from being situated close to great local schools and amenities"
***FANTASTIC TRADITIONAL SEMI DETACHED HOUSE*** VERY FLEXIBLE ACCOMMODATION INCORPOATING A GROUND FLOOR BEDROOM AND WET ROOM***3 FURTHER DOUBLE BEDROOMS***GAS CENTRAL HEATING***DOUBLE GLAZING***REFITTED BATHROOM AND KITCHEN***LARGE GARDEN***
***WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***EXTENDED FAMILY HOME***FOUR/FIVE BEDROOMS***TWO BATHROOMS***MUCH SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION***VIEWING ESSENTIAL***0.4 MILES FROM WYLDE GREEN STATION***0.1 MILES FROM ST NICHOLAS PRIMARY SCHOOL***
**DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM BUNGALOW!! AN OPPORTUNITY NOT TO BE MISSED!!
** PRIME HARBORNE LOCATION ** IMMACULATELY-PRESENTED EXTENDED VICTORIAN THREE BEDROOM END TERRACED PROPERTY ** LOUNGE ** DINING ROOM ** FITTED KITCHEN ** UTILITY ** DOWNSTAIRS SHOWER ROOM ** UPSTAIRS BATHROOM ** SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN ** DRIVEWAY ** WALKING DISTANCE OF HARBORNE VILLAGE **
"Finished to a high specification. 3 bedroom traditional style semi-detached home. Having impressive open plan living kitchen family room, lounge & sitting room, wc & utility. 3 good sized bedrooms & superb family bathroom, store & driveway. Impressive landscaped garden. Good school catchments."
WOW! Once in a lifetime purchase. With FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS this Dormer Extended DETACHED Bungalow has everything to offer. Newly Fitted with external insulation and a brand new WARM ROOF over the Kitchen & a pod point car charger if ECO is your game then this is for you.
STUNNING DETACHED EXTENDED BUNGALOW! This property has been stripped back to brick and completley refirbished! FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS two of them with walk in wardrobes and ensuites and a HUGE KITCHEN DINER that will be the envy of all who visit! Frontage and rear in the process of being finished!
"Purplebricks Great Barr are pleased to offer this well maintained four-bedroom detached home which benefits from having off road parking within walking distance to local shops and schools. The property comprises of a enclose front porch, entrance hallway, front living room 3.76m x 3.36m, rear ..."
"Stunning executive family home located on a popular residential road. Close to all local amenities including great school catchment, shops, public transport links and a selection of parks with excellent leisure facilities. Accommodation briefly comprises of porch, entrance hallway, three receptio..."
"Please call Dixons today to view this lovely THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY in Northfield on the very desirable, Innage Road. The property needs updating cosmetically but has been well kept and has an abundance of potential to turn it into a wonderful family home. Upon approach..."
"*STUNNING DETACHED FAMILY HOME* This detached property is situated within a quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC and benefiting from a DOUBLE DETACHED GARAGE. Fitted with a high spec kitchen diner, en suite to master, additional W.C and much more! CALL NOW TO ARRANGE YOU VIEWINGS!"
"**DEVELOPMENT NOW OVER 80% SOLD, SHOW HOME AVAILABLE TO VIEW** BRAND NEW, BEAUTIFUL Town House with LUXURY open plan living, CONTEMPORARY kitchen, PORCELANOSA bathrooms, PARKING & COURTYARD GARDEN, 10 year warranty, exclusive gated development. **DEVELOPMENT NOW OVER 80% SOLD, SHOW HOME AVAIL..."
****FIVE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME SITUATED ON A CORNER PLOT WITH POTENTIAL SUBJECT TO PLANNING FOR FURTHER EXTENSION***
"Set in a secluded location just off May Lane in Hollywood, The Orchards boasts approximately 1600sqft of great size family accommodation within walking distance of local amenities and The Coppice Junior School and Woodrush High School, the property has two/three reception rooms, refitted ..."
"VIEWINGS RECOMMENDED FOR THIS SPACIOUS SIX BEDROOM FAMILY RESIDENCE situated in this popular location in Kings Heath. This property comprises of Three Reception Rooms, Kitchen, Utility Room, Downstairs W.C, Six Bedrooms, Family Shower Room, Ensuite Bathroom, Off Road Parking, Garage and Rear Gard..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a luxury stylish and beautifully presented five-bedroom semi-detached home measuring 1466 sq ft approx. The Mulberry benefits from a large open plan kitchen/diner, two reception rooms, five bedrooms, two bathrooms and guest w.c."
"The Property
PERFECTLY LOCATED 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE, MUST BE VIEWED TO BE APPRECIATED. Purplebricks are pleased to offer this lovely presented family detached property ideally located in Sutton Coldfield with transport links, close to Sutton Park, shops, and schools. The lovely home is set b..."
*** DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION WITH SUPERB POTENTIAL TO EXTEND (STPP) *** DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE WITH POTENTIAL FOR GRANNY ANNEX. (STPP) *** HUGE SPECIFICATION FITTED KITCHEN *** FOUR BEDROOMS ***
"| BIRMINGHAM CITY CENTRE | Amazingly Presented 2 Bed, 2 Bath Executive Apartment | Largest Unit in THE CUBE, Almost 1200sqft | WEST Block | Allocated Parking INCLUDED in Price | Call to Arrange Viewing Today! |"
An opportunity to acquire an exceptional spacious five bedroomed residence in the heart of Harborne. Having a lovely distinctive front façade that is moments from the High Street. Contains a large reception room for entertaining and an abundance of characterful features throughout. NO CH...
"* FANTASTIC STUDENT INVESTMENT PROPERTY – FIVE BEDROOMS – FIVE BATHROOMS * Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic investment opportunity located on a prime student road within Selly Oak, Birmingham. Ideally situated for the University of Birmingham, Selly Oak Retail Park and Queen..."
"A simply stunning two bedroom Grade II Listed Mews House situated in the brand new Pressworks Development in the heart of Birmingham's prestigious Jewellery Quarter. Unique and one of a kind, this brand new development is full of character and unique features."
"A beautifully presented family home with spacious accommodation throughout and an abundance of charm, character and original features. Situated in a prime Harborne location within easy reach of amenities and schools"
"This immaculate detached home in the sought after village location of Water Orton briefly comprises hallway, two reception rooms, refitted kitchen, downstairs w/c, four bedrooms (master having ensuite) and family bathroom. There is a garage and off road parking to the front and an enclosed rear g..."
"Opportunity to acquire an exceptional spacious five-bedroom property in Moseley, that is a short walk from the soon-to-be opened Kings Heath railway station. The new railway station will provide a short journey direct into New Street Station. An attractive period property with an abundan..."
"Part of the St George's Urban Village development in Birmingham's Jewellery Quarter, Tenby Townhouse boasts diverse architectural features mirroring the traditional tyle of the area."
"**CORNER PLOT FIVE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY IN MOSELEY WITH NO CHAIN!!** We are delighted to present to the market this traditional style, five bedroom, semi-detached property for sale within the popular residential area of Moseley Village giving great access to nearby Moseley Village with ..."
"This well-presented four-bedroom home provides ideal family accommodation in a sought-after location of Kings Norton. Offered with off-road parking, modern kitchen with integrated appliances, ground floor WC, an en-suite shower room to the primary bedroom, and south-facing rear garden. High-speed..."
"VIEWINGS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR THIS LARGE FOUR BEDROOM VICTORIAN FAMILY RESIDENCE situated in this lovely location in Kings Heath. This property comprises of Two Reception Rooms, Kitchen, Dining Room, Utility Room, Downstairs W.C, Conservatory, Four Bedrooms, Bathroom, Off Road Parking and a Pri..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this five bedroom detached property. Located in a much sought after area with scope to extend and alter to your individual taste this property has accommodation which comprises - porch, entrance hall, guest w/c, fitted kitchen, five bedrooms, three reception r..."
"A beautiful traditional cottage set on the edge of the renowned 524 acre Lickey Hills Country Park and conveniently located for sought after schooling, golf course, the Midlands motorway network and just 1.5 miles from the regenerated Longbridge retail development. The prop..."
** PRESTIGIOUS JEWELLERY QUARTER LOCATION** HIGH SPECIFICATION** COMPLETING SOON** GRADE II LISTED BUILDING** LUXURY ONE OF A KIND TOWNHOUSE**
Very well-located terraced property set in the ever-popular Park Hill Road. The accommodation is set over three floors and offers flexible arrangements for a variety of options. The ground floor is currently a dual aspect lounge/dining room plus a study/further bedroom. The lower ground floor com...
"Modernised and renovated to an exceptional standard by the current vendors, the property is offered with no upward chain benefits from new gas central heating, rewiring, re-plumbing, kitchen bathroom and guests cloaks and has been decorated throughout. The excellent property offers a real return ..."
Huge Penthouse Available in the Highly Desirable Britannic Park Moseley - 4 bed - 3 Bath
"This 5 bedroom period property provides spacious accommodation set across three storeys. Situated in a prime location within Northfield, close to local amenities and transport links via both road and rail, and benefitting from off-road parking and a spacious rear garden. In brief, the property..."
An extended three bedroom semi-detached property situated in a sought after location of Harborne. The property benefits from being in a cul-de-sac and has off-road parking. Don't miss your chance to view this fantastic house! Call our sales team today on to book your viewing today!
***AN OPPORTUNITY NOT TO BE MISSED***IMMACULATELY PRESENTED AND EXTENED***PRIME LOCATION***VIEWING ESSENTIAL***NO UPWARD CHAIN***OFF ROAD PARKING AND GARAGE***THREE WELL PROPORTIONED BEDROOMS***
"It is a privilege to offer for sale this incredible extended family home that has wonderful spacious interiors throughout! Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The property offers, large enclosed porch, well-presented entrance hall, classically styled thr..."
MOVE WITH CONFIDENCE WITH SILVEROAK HOMES - STYLE. ELEGANCE. LUXURY.
"NO CHAIN! ""Location, location, location!"" Within WALKING DISTANCE TO HIGH STREET. Here is a house that must be viewed to appreciate as it offers endless VERSATILE LIVING ACCOMODATION. With a LARGE MODERN KITCHEN, THREE RECEPTION ROOMS and PERIOD FEATURES, this property ticks all the boxes!"
"*STUNNING FAMILY HOME WITHIN THE PORT LOOP DEVELOPMENT!* The communal gardens, public parks, playgrounds and traffic-free, green streets provide a rare secluded feel in the centre of the city, without compromising the fantastic transport routes and is a great investment or home-owner opportunity!"
NOT YOUR AVERAGE SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY. VIEW WITH US AND CHOOSE SILVEROAK HOMES TODAY!
"BACK ON THE MARKET ACT FAST! It is a privilege to offer for sale this incredible detached family home that has wonderful modern interiors throughout. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The property offers, large well-presented entrance hall, classically..."
"Spectacular two-bedroom home spanning across an impressive 900 square feet, with window walls letting in natural light from the western side of the city.Designed with a modern aesthetic and high-quality finish, this bright and beautiful apartment is located in Birmingham's sought after city centre."
"The Gold Collection is proud to present this beautifully contemporary 3 bedroom detached dormer bungalow, designed and built to an exceptionally high standard throughout."
"With luxurious finishes throughout, spacious layouts and breathtaking views, The Bank Tower 2 is one of Birmingham's most desirable places to live. Standing in the city's beating heart, The Bank presents a range of luxurious one, two and three bedroom apartments in Birmingham's tallest reside"
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED & MUCH LOVED HOME offering GENEROUS ACCOMMODATION. Benefitting from TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, UTILITY & DOWNSTAIRS W.C. FANTASTIC LOFT SPACE with En SUITE , TWO GARAGES and Sweeping Driveway. EP Rating D"
"This stunning four bedroom family home in the prestigious Hightree Close is certainly not one to missed. The desirable location benefitting from well established local primary and secondary schools within close proximity. Local motorway network, leisure facilities and local amenities are all with..."
"RARE OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE A BEAUTIFULLY DESIGNED HOME, OOZING WITH CHARACTER, AND CHARM, WITH A MODERN DESIGN, AND PERFECTLY SITUATED. Within minutes of the M6, M5, BIRMINGHAM CITY CENTRE AND SO MUCH MORE, this is truly an opportunity not to be missed. Further benefits include a large drivew..."
"Port Loop is an award-winning project designed to create a future neighbourhood close to the City Centre. This fabulous 4 bedroom Port Loop 'Town House' is one of the best possible plots in the scheme, with direct access to the canal from the rear terrace located off the lounge. The pro..."
"***INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - TWO BEDROOMS - GREAT LOCATION*** Oakmans are delighted to offer this two bedroom terraced property for sale. Situated on Harborne Lane the property benefits from being within walking distance to Queen Elizabeth Hospital, University of Birmingham and Selly Oak ..."
***IMMACULATE THREE BED SEMI DETACHED***OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINING ROOM/LOUNGE***UTILITY AND DOWNSTAIRS WC***OFFICE/STUDY***OFF ROAD PARKING AND GOOD SIZED REAR GARDEN***DESIRABLE LOCATION***CLOSE PROMIXITY TO WYLDE GREEN TRAIN STATION***
"This stunningly presented much improved traditional style three bed semi-detached property has been the subject of a thorough redevelopment creating a stylish and impressive family home. Ideally situated for many desirable amenities including sought after schools, nearby Wylde Green train station..."
"**ONE OF A KIND** PRESTIGIOUS JEWELLERY QUARTER LOCATION** LUXURY DUPLEX** YIELDS UP TO 5.3%** HIGH SPECIFICATION** GRADE II LISTED BUILDING**
"
A well presented and above average size 4 bedroom semi detached house set back from Wheelers Lane behind a wide grassed verge and service road. The house is well located at the Howard Road / Haunch Lane end of the road for access to the Outer Ring Road and Alcester Road South A435. The propert...
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are around to present this extended well proportioned four bedroom semi detached property in Hollywood, B47. It has been modernised to a great standard and is an ideal family home with a good sized garden, off-road parking and an integral garage. "
*** HUGE PLOT*** 5 DOUBLE BEDROOMS*** DOUBLE DETACHED GARAGES*** INCREDIBLE ACCESS LINKS*** FRONT AND REAR GARDENS***
"A most spacious four storey semi-detached family home requiring modernisation throughout but benefiting from no upward chain. Offering accommodation comprising three reception rooms, fitted kitchen, ground floor wet room, five good size bedrooms, first floor family bathroom, cellar, gated parking..."
***DETACHED***FOUR BEDROOMS***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***KITCHEN/DINER***CONSERVATORY***DOWNSTAIRS WC***OFF ROAD PARKING***DOUBLE GLAZING & CENTRAL HEATING***NO CHAIN***
"***FIVE BEDROOM EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED***LOCATED IN THE CENTRE OF BOLDMERE***WITHIN CLOSE PROXIMITY OF BOLDMERE ROAD SHOPS, BARS AND RESTAURANTS***EXTENDED ABOVE THE GARAGE***GROUND FLOOR WC AND SHOWER***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***OFF ROAD PARKING AND GOOD SIZED GARAGE***0.7 MILES FROM WYLDE GREEN TRA..."
** FIVE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/FAMILY ROOM ** GUEST W/C ** EXCELLENT TRANSPORT LINKS ** CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION ** EXTENDED **
"Viewhome now open! Take a look at our elegantly designed Paris 4-bedroom viewhome.
The Paris has everything you need from a dual aspect lounge opening out to the rear garden, to an open plan kitchen-diner with a handy utility cupboard. Working"
"Oakmans are delighted to offer this beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached property. Located within the ever popular Edgbaston, this property offers fantastic transport links into Birmingham City Centre, nearby local amenities, sought after schools, Edgbaston reservoir and nearby parks..."
***NO CHAIN***SOUGHT AFTER RESIDENTIAL LOCATION***EXTENDED TRADITIONAL STYLE FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***EXTENDED BREAKFAST KITCHEN***LANDING***FOUR BEDROOMS - ONE WITH EN-SUITE***FAMILY BATHROOM***GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY***GOOD SIZED ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN*** 
"A CHARMING, ARTS AND CRAFTS STYLE DETACHED DORMER BUNGALOW, offering spacious accommodation and retaining a wealth of character. Features three bedrooms, two reception rooms, kitchen diner, downstairs WC and first floor bathroom, a delightful rear garden, off road parking and garage. EPC Rating E..."
Maguire Jackson are excited to market this superb live/work freehold townhouse located in this high specification development in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter the badgeworks. the property has access to a fantastic terrace as well as a secure gated parking space.
"AN EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM PROPERTY ideal for families and benefitting from a south westerly facing LARGE REAR GARDEN. Situated WITHIN EASY REACH OF LOCAL SCHOOLS, SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES. The accommodation briefly comprises: GROUND FLOOR: HALLWAY, RECEPTION ROOM, EXTENDED LIVING ROOM, EXTENDED DININ..."
"Traditional terraced property having spacious and well-presented accommodation, briefly comprising two reception rooms, extended kitchen with integrated appliances, conservatory, three double bedrooms and shower room on the first floor and second floor accommodation with principal bedroom, excell..."
"*FANTASTIC STUDENT PROPERTY – SEVEN BEDROOMS – TWO BATHROOMS – LET UNTIL JULY 2024* Introducing this student property in a fantastic location, offering accommodation briefly comprising of; seven bedrooms, two bathrooms and an open plan kitchen living area. Set in the main studen..."
"A deceptively spacious 5 bedroom family detached home close to Royal Sutton Park. Good school catchment. Quiet cul-de-sac. Close to main road & rail links. Having lounge & dining room, refitted kitchen, master bedroom with en-suite & separate family bathroom, Integral garage & driveway"
"A traditional, three bedroom, mid terrace property, located on the prestigious Moor Pool estate. The property had been extended and benefits from three good sized bedrooms and cul-de-sac location. The accommodation comprises: Entrance hall, lounge, dining kitchen, three bedrooms, family bathr..."
"Newton Fallowell Sutton Coldfield are delighted to welcome this four bedroom family home in Boldmere, Sutton Coldfield. This property comprises of a lounge, reception room with extended kitchen/ diner with bi-fold doors, four bedrooms and a family bathroom. The property benefits from having a gar..."
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £475,000 - £500,000*"
"This deceptive detached MUST BE SEEN!! the property is situated in Water Orton and would make a beautiful family home. The property has been extended to the rear and on the first floor and comprises hallway, lounge, kitchen, dining room, second reception room, downstairs w.c, four bedrooms, bathr..."
"Traditional Semi Detached home in a well regarded Bournville Village Trust Location. With Superb Extension to rear providing an Open Plan Dining Kitchen, Through Lounge, Study Area and Downstairs Shower with W.C, Three Bedrooms and Attractive Rear Garden. EP Rating C."
A rare opportunity to purchase an excellent 3 bedroom townhouse on the peaceful and well located Beech Road in Harborne. Built in 2007 this small collection of well-built townhouses occupy an enviable...
"Modern Freehold Detached Residence, Enclosed Porch, Hall, Guest Cloakroom, Lounge, Dining Room, fitted Kitchen, two Conservatories, four Bedrooms (En-suite Shower Room off Master), family Bathroom, side-by-side garages, pleasant gardens, central heating and double glazing as described and alarmed."
"A stunning five bedroomed family home - do not miss out on this oppourtunity to view! Benefiting  from being in a great, sought after location, semi rural, on the same road as The Coppice Primary and Woodrush Secondary Schools and lots of local ameneties. You have 4  double bedroo..."
"*A SUPERB EXTENDED FAMILY HOME IN A PRIME LOCATION BEING OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN!* This very well presented, much improved and extended family home is perfectly positioned for access to all of the nearby places of interest including being ideally placed for the much in demand local schools, ..."
***DETACHED***FIVE BEDROOMS***THROUGH LOUNGE***KITCHEN***CONSERVATORY***DOWNSTAIRS SHOWER ROOM & CLOAKROOM***OFF ROAD PARKING***OUTBUILDING***
The three bedroomed freehold semi detached residence of immense charm and character which needs to be viewed to be fully appreciated. EP Rating: D
Superbly located within close proximity of desirable amenities and a superior transport network this stunningly presented period three double bed semi detached property offers an enviable opportunity for buyers. Offering many original features the accommodation on offer includes an excellent thro...
"Harborne High Street commercial shop/restaurant with 2 bed duplex flat above - currently generating £36,244 p.a in rental income."
"***FOUR BEDROOMS - TWO BATHROOMS - DETACHED - DRIVEWAY/ GARAGE*** Oakmans are delighted to offer this larger than usual four bedroom detached house for sale. Situated on Foxfield Road with great transport links, giving fantastic access to the motorways, A38 and Birmingham City Centre. Lo..."
"VIEWINGS RECOMMEND FOR THIS FOUR BEDROOM, THREE STOREY FAMILY RESIDENCE situated in this popular location in Kings Heath. This property offers spacious accommodation through out and comprises of Two Reception Rooms, Dining Kitchen, Utility/Downstairs W.C, Four Bedrooms, Family Shower Room, Linen ..."
"Tastefully presented throughout, this delightful traditional terraced property offers two reception rooms, extended kitchen with integrated appliances, ground floor WC, garden room, three double bedrooms and recently re-fitted bathroom. Easy to maintain enclosed rear garden. New carpets have been.."
"This truly remarkable semi-detached family home sits in a most convenient location for road and rail transport routes to Birmingham City Centre and is a short distance to both local shopping and schooling facilities. Outstanding within its setting, this expansive property is available for viewing..."
*** WOW! NEWLY REFURBISHED & EXTENDED PROPERTY – OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN *** Dixons are proud to present this newly refurbished and extended three bedroom semi-detached property that has been meticulously thought out and finished to the highest of standards. The property...
"A rare opportunity to purchase a beautifully presented three bedroom detached bungalow in Kings Norton, the property comprises in brief; entrance hallway, large lounge, kitchen, three good size bedrooms, wet room, utility area with w/c, large rear garden with man cave/bar/cinema room, off road..."
An impressive and hugely deceptive property located in the established and popular area of Harborne and within the catchment for Harborne Primary School. The exceptionally large family home offers ori...
***THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE***IMMACULATELY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***OPEN PLAN LOUNGE/DINING ROOM***MODERN KITCHEN AND BATHROOM***DOWNSTAIRS WC***CLOSE PROXIMITY TO SUTTON PARKS 2400 ACRE NATURE RESERVE***ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN***DRIVEWAY TO FRONT***360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE***
"** ONLINE VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE FOR THIS PROPERTY ** A DOUBLE STOREY EXTENDED very well-presented, FOUR bedroomed family home set in the popular residential area of Moseley. The property briefly comprises; On the ground floor is the porch, lounge, dining room, breakfast kitchen, utilit..."
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a four bedroom detached family home, on a beautiful tree lined street within good school catchments, including King Edward VI Camp Hill. The property has been much loved by the current owners for circa 50 years and, as such, is in need of modernisation. This d..."
"Purplebricks Great Barr are pleased to offer this beautifully four-bedroom detached home which benefits from having off road parking / garage within walking distance to local shops and schools. A fantastic opportunity 4-bedroom detached property that comprises of an enclosed front porch, large..."
"STUNNING DUPLEX apartment with MODERN open plan living, HIGH SPECIFICATION, 2 DOUBLE bedrooms, master with EN-SUITE, wrap around BALCONY. Close to The Mailbox, Brindleyplace and NEW STREET STATION. 5x2 is a unique development of 5 remarkable warehouse apartments, located in the heart of the th..."
*EPC RATING D *FOUR BEDROOMS *DRIVEWAY *SEMI DETACHED *CUL-DE-SAC *LAWN REAR GARDEN *LOUNGE/DINER *RECEPTION ROOM *EN-SUITE *WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT *POPULAR LOCATION *LOCAL AMENITIES *CHAIN FREE
A modern and stylish four bedroom semi-detached property in a popular location of Harborne. This town house is set over three storeys and offers a spacious feel through-out. Rosehead Drive is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac with off-road parking for several cars.
"The Bayswater is designed over 3 storeys, making plenty of flexible living spaces for families. It comes with a single garage and parking for 2 cars New homes development in the Hall Green area with access to good schooling, local amenities and public transport. Many Different plots available"
"The Hulford is an energy efficient home that could save you up to £3,100 on your energy bills every year!"
"*WONDERFUL LOCATION!* This wonderful three storey, four double bedroom period home located up this secluded leafy walkway in the heart of Moseley just off Woodbridge Road. The property itself has been fully modernised by the current owners but still retains some lovely period features including M..."
"Acres are proud to offer for sale this superb freehold and extended traditional styled property situated on this ever popular road. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The interiors include enclosed porch, entrance hall, guests cloakroom, sitting room..."
"KLARICO Estate Agents are delighted to introduce this 6 bedroom semi-detached property, conveniently located within a sought after street in Hall Green, Birmingham. This property is well maintained and done up to a very good standard with off-road parking."
"*WONDERFUL BOURNVILLE PERIOD HOME WITH NO CHAIN!* Located on this much sought-after, tree lined road in the heart of Bournville is this beautiful, three double bedroom detached period home dating back to approx. 1913, which offers a wonderful opportunity to the right buyers to update and modernis..."
"**FREEHOLD** Located in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter and inspired by the rich history and architecture of the location it is situated within, this modern but twist on industrial legacy and architectural language of the area is located this luxurious end Mews House which spans over 970Sq. Ft..."
"Apartment 2, 25 Cemden Drive ia a stunning 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom duplex apartment on Camden Drive forming part of The Copperworks master development. Set over 1,170 sqft and offering double heighted ceilings to the open plan living/kitchen area the apartment is blessed with an abudence of natura..."
***MUCH SOUGHT AFTER BUNGALOW***FULLY REFURBISHED THROUGHOUT***IMMACULATELY PRESENTED***RE-FITTED KITCHEN***MASTER BEDROOM WITH EN SUITE***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***UTILITY ROOM***GARAGE***NO UPWARD CHAIN***VIEWING ESSENTIAL***
"Offered with no onward chain, this two bedroom bungalow provides good-sized single-storey accommodation on a large plot of land featuring an impressive garden in the sought-after area of Selly Park, Birmingham. Close to local amenities and transport links. In brief, the property comprises of t..."
"*** IMMACULATELY PRESENTED SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY *** FIVE GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS *** BATHROOM, SHOWER ROOM AND AN EN-SUITE TO THE MASTER BEDROOM *** BEAUTIFUL KITCHEN/DINING ROOM *** EXTENDED TO THE REAR *** DOUBLE DRIVEWAY *** GARAGE *** UTILITY ROOM *** SECURE REAR GARDEN ***"
A stunning and much improved 4 bedroom semi-detached home on the quiet and well located Rosehead Drive which is a cul-de-sac in Harborne. Presented to an immaculate standard throughout this property o...
"**Attention Investors!!Perfect for Buy to Serviced AccommodationWith up to 15% yield. Unique opportunity in this current market, Get in touch to Learn more**"
This superbly presented executive style four bed detached property occupies an enviable and convenient cul-de-sac location set within close proximity of many desirable amenities including a superior public transport network and excellent shops in the nearby centres of Boldmere and Wylde Green. Ha...
"***OPEN HOUSE CALL NOW TO BOOK*** A FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY SET IN AN IDEAL LOCATION FOR COMMUTING AND LOCAL AMENITIES. The accommodation comprises; entrance hallway, reception room with lounge and dining areas, kitchen, four bedrooms and two family bathrooms .The property furth..."
***EXTENDED SPACIOUS TRADITIONAL SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME***IMMACULATELY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***FIVE GOOD SIZE BEDROOMS***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***MODERN AMPLE KITCHEN/DINER***SEPARATE UTILITY ROOM***GUEST W.C.***STYLISH EN-SUITE TO DOWNSTAIRS BEDROOM FIVE***LUXURY FAMILY BATHROOM***GOOD SIZE REAR ...
"A superb twist of characterful and modern, The Lightwell is a fantastic development in the heart of Birmingham City Centre This stunning two-bedroom apartment at 'The Lightwell', features two bathrooms, one of which is en-suite and a large open-plan living area fitted with floor to ceiling window..."
"PENTHOUSE: High rise Birmingham apartments with city centreand canal views for sale with 5% projected gross rental returns. Projected rental income starts from £11,450. A996"
*** FOUR BEDROOMS - THREE STOREY - THREE BATHROOMS*** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic home for sale. The property was built in 2018 and is situated in the heart of Edgbaston yet being within easy commuter distance to Birmingham City Centre and all of its fabulous amenities....
THIS VERY WELL LOCATED THREE BEDROOMED SEMI-DETACHED RESIDENCE IS AVAILABLE WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN. Enjoying lovely views to the fore over Bournville Yachting Pool the property is ideally located for a number of popular primary and secondary schools to include the sought after Bournville Village Pr...
"A beautiful two double bedroom restored apartment, on the first floor of the Grade II listed Middlemore Hall, is entirely west-facing and has delightful windows that are in-keeping with its Georgian origins"
*** SUPERB EXTENDED DETACHED PROPERTY *** FOUR BEDROOMS *** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS *** CONSERVATORY *** MODERN FITTED KITCHEN *** FAMILY ROOM *** GROUND FLOOR SHOWER ROOM *** UTILITY ROOM *** FAMILY BATHROOM *** MASTER ENSUITE *** CENTRALLY HEATED (WHERE SPECIFIED) *** DOUBLE GLAZED *** FRONT AND RE...
"This well presented modern style extended three double bed (formerly four) detached property occupies an enviable and convenient cul-de-sac location set within close proximity of many desirable amenities including nearby schooling, Sutton Park and Princes Alice Retail Park. Accessed via a most we..."
"A neatly presented and well maintained four bedroom detached family home offered with two reception rooms, kitchen, conservatory, modern house bathroom, integral garage with off road parking, delightful rear garden and situated in the popular location of Hall Green, Birmingham. **..."
"Edwards & Gray are delighted to offer for sale this large family home, check out the video tour...
"
"Prices start from £174,995 in this iconic new development in Birmingham with limited residential units. Call to view floor plans today! A411"
"Hadleigh's are delighted to offer this stunning three storey extended town house for sale. Located off the pershore road, Riverside drive is setback beyond private electric gates. Excellent transport links to Birmingham City Centre, Queen Elizabeth Hospital and University of Birmingham. "
*** STUNNING VICTORIAN END-TERRACED PROPERTY *** TWO GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS *** LIVING ROOM *** DINING ROOM *** FITTED KITCHEN *** FAMILY BATHROOM *** FRONT & REAR GARDENS *** DRIVEWAY *** COMMUTABLE DISTANCE TO THE QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL ***
***UNIQUE THREE BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY***GROUND FLOOR ANNEXE WITH LOUNGE/KITCHEN/DINING ROOM/SHOWER ROOM/GARAGE***LARGE LOUNGE/DINING TO THE FIRST FLOOR***MODERN FITTED KITCHEN WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES***GROUND FLOOR ROOM HAS BEEN SOUND PROOFED***OFF ROAD PARKING AND ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN***S...
It is a privilege to offer for sale this beautiful detached property located on the very desirable residential Pear Tree Estate with huge potential (STPP). The property benefits from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The very spacious interiors include a welcoming ent...
"Warwick Gardens offers the opportunity to own an individually designed, brand new home in Hall Green only 5 miles from Birmingham City Centre and 5 miles from Solihull Town Centre. This stunning detached family home boasts a high level finish throughout and will certainly not disappoint."
Paul Carr Estate Agents are pleased to offer this extended and beautifully presented seven bedroom end of terrace family home which is situated on a popular and sought after residential road in Great Barr. The property has been vastly improved by the current owners to a very high standard. This i...
A Greatly Extended Four Bedroom Link Detached House IN This Most Convenient Location In Hollywood
***SEMI DETACHED***FOUR BEDROOMS***THREE RECEPTION ROOMS***KITCHEN***DOUBLE GLAZING***CENTRAL HEATING***NO CHAIN***
We are pleased to offer this outstanding character three bedroom house which is in a prime location within only a 3-4 minute walk from Harborne High Street. The centrally heated property is arran...
*** RARE OPPORTUNITY *** CORNER PLOT *** CALLING ALL INVESTORS AND UPSIZERS *** DO NOT MISS OUT *** DETACHED *** FOUR BEDROOMS *** TWO BATHROOMS *** SEPARATE OUTDOOR SPACES *** HUGE KITCHEN *** GATED FRONT *** DRIVEWAY ***
"*HMO INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY * FANTASTIC RETURN * GREAT KINGS HEATH LOCATION* Oakmans offer a fantastic licensed HMO six bedroom six ensuite investment opportunity, located in a great position on Westfield Road, Kings Heath. The property is currently fully occupied with rental i..."
"A spacious property occupying a desirable location in a well-connected cul-de-sac Selly Park. A fantastic opportunity for investors as a licensed small HMO, currently let out on an AST (assured short hold tenancy), but would also readily appeal as a 4 bedroom family property with spacious kitchen..."
This is a large FOUR/FIVE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME in a great location! THREE RECEPTION ROOMS Ideal family home! LARGE REAR GARDEN this one is not to be missed!
Acres are delighted to offer for sale this excellent traditional styled freehold property that is council tax band E. Perfectly located in the heart of Wylde Green on a very popular residential road this super property has excellent accommodation throughout including large welcoming entrance ...
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY | Prime Student Location | 5 Bed 2 Bath | Close to Selly Oak Train Station | Close to Birmingham University | £24,180 PA | Selly Oak | Rear Garden | Recently replaced Roof."
5 Bedroom Detached Residence In Moseley With Huge Potential 
"*FANTASTIC STUDENT INVESTMENT PROPERTY – FIVE BEDROOMS – TWO BATHROOMS* Introducing this student investment property offering accommodation briefly comprising of; five bedrooms, two bathrooms, lounge and a kitchen. Currently let to 5 sharers at a rental income of £2253.33 until ..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this well presented four bedroom semi-detached property situated in a popular part of Northfield. The property would be an ideal purchase for first time buyer, families or landlords. Situated in a convenient residential location having access to local amenitie..."
"No upward Chain. Situated beautifully on this ever popular residential road this freehold property benefits from both double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified) Council tax band E. The interiors include entrance hall, guests cloakroom, dining room, generous family lounge and..."
"DETACHED HOME in a PLEASANT POSITION on the popular BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST ESTATE. With THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, UTILITY and LARGE GARAGE. Located on a CORNER PLOT with GREAT POTENTIAL offering NO CHAIN. EP Rating C"
"Substantial family sized home with further scope to Extended (STPP). This detached family home in brief comprises of Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Downstairs W.C., Side Lean too, Four Bedrooms with master having En-Suite and a further family Bathroom, Multiple Off Parking, Dbl Garage, Single Garage"
"A beautifully presented two-bedroom two-bathroom top floor apartment with dual aspect overlooking the canal and courtyard. This apartment is located in the original conversion of King Edwards Wharf, a Grade II listed building, and benefits from secure allocated parking, balcony and 24 hour concie..."
"*FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY * ATTRACTIVE RENTAL YIELD* Oakmans offer a fantastic investment opportunity with Holywell Lane, Rednal. A large plot with a semi detached dwelling offering seven indivudual rooms, and five bathrooms, a large kitchen and conservatory space, utili..."
"Centrick is proud to bring to the market a stunning 2 bedroom duplex apartment located in Priory House, Gooch Street North, Birmingham. Set over 2 floors this apartment has 2 double bedrooms each with its own ensuite aswell as an additional guest toilet and study. Build now complete and ready t..."
SOUTH LOOP GREEN | 4 bedrooms | Freehold | No Chain | Driveway parking | Immaculate condition
"** Was £410,000 Reduced to £400,000 ** DO NOT MISS OUT ON THIS SPACIOUS FOUR BED DOUBLE FRONTED PROPERTY FOR SALE. Bairstow Eves are pleased to offer this exceptional spaced property and in brief comprises; entrance hallway leading to two separate re..."
"Investor Opportunity: Prices start from just £110,995 in this brand-new and exclusive Birmingham residential investment 560m from the train station. A545"
"This deceptively spacious detached new build dormer bungalow has been constructed with a fine eye to specification and finish and offers the discerning buyer truly exceptional energy saving accommodation.Light and airy, inspection is highly recommended and reveals a square reception hallway which..."
"VIEWING IS ESSENTIAL TO APPRECIATE THIS GRADE II LISTED, END OF TERRACE PROPERTY with OFF ROAD PARKING, situated in a much sought after location. Accommodation is set across three floors and includes two reception rooms, modern kitchen, three bedrooms, second floor bathroom, a delightful rear gar..."
"A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THREE BEDROOMED DETACHED RESIDENCE SITUATED IN THIS POPULAR LOCATION ON THE BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST ESTATE. Ideally located for sought after schools to include St Francis Cof E and Bournville Village Primary Schools, as well as Kings Norton Girls' and Boys' Secondary Scho..."
"9.4% Rental Yield - £42,500 p.a rental income on FRI Lease "
A spacious dormer bungalow situated in a popular and convenient location and benefitting from a large rear garden and no onward chain. Viewing is a must to appreciate what this property has to offer
"Available to view via Paul Carr Erdington this is an extremely rare opportunity to acquire a six bedroom three storey double fronted family home which affords an extensive corner plot having three reception rooms, two bathrooms and extensive gardens/grounds offering ample parking and providing t..."
"New Launch - Where else can you invest in completed and tenanted property in Birmingham for £299,995? Receive a forecast rental income from £4,250 per year. View floor plans today! A546"
"KLARICO Estate Agents are delighted to present this stunning 5 bedroom semi-detached property, located within a sought after street in Birmingham. Benefits from being set back and providing off-road parking including a garage."
"This four bedroom period terrace is located on the sought-after Sir Johns road ,Selly park. Situated close to the very popular “Cannon Hill Park"".The property briefly comprises: entrance hall, open lounge, well presented kitchen, ground floor w.c. four bedrooms, family bathroom."
***INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - SEVEN BEDROOMS - GREAT LOCATION*** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic investment opportunity. The property is located on Bearwood Road which is within walking distance to local amenities and offers great transport links into Birmingham City Centre. ...
"Welcome to Sycamore Road, an extensively extended and refurbished four-bedroom home that offers generous living space for the modern family. Approached via printed concrete driveway which can comfortably house three cars, you are welcomed through a secure porch into a large entrance hallway. Do..."
"Birmingham city centre apartments 450m from the Bullring shopping centre from £110,995.A408"
"Central Birmingham apartments located in prime B1 postcode from just £175,000! View a completely free info pack today by getting in touch with us! A405"
"NEW LAUNCH: 1, 2 and 3-bedroom buy to let investments for sale. Minimum £34,500cash required. 5% projected gross rental returns. B996"
"View floor plans today! Chic Birmingham apartments in Westside with a minimum rental income of £4,250. Invest from £299,995. A409"
View floor plans today for this apartment in Central Birmingham which requires minimum cash and projects maximum capital growth. A406
"NEW LAUNCH: 1, 2 and 3-bedroom buy to let investments for sale. Minimum £34,500cash required. 5% projected gross rental returns. A990"
"View floor plans today for 1, 2 and 3-bedroom Birmingham Apartments nestled between Westside, the Chinese Quarter and Gay Village.A407"
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER THIS DETACHED RESIDENCE COMPRISING: 5 BEDROOMS, LOUNGE, RECEPTION ROOM, DINING ROOM, UTILITY ROOM, KITCHEN, GROUND FLOOR SHOWER ROOM, FIRST FLOOR FAMILY BATHROOM, FIRST FLOOR SHOWER ROOM, CENTRAL HEATING, DOUBLE GLAZED, FRONT AND REAR GARDENS,"
"A well situated traditional style semi-detached residence with central heating and double glazing as specified, porch, hall, excellent through lounge/dining room, fitted kitchen, three bedrooms, shower room, separate WC, tandem style side garage and gardens. Harts Green Road is a no thro..."
"Save when you reserve our Home of the Week Plot 22 – The Hexham
We’ll contribute £2,500* towards your stamp duty and even include flooring!
Don’t miss out! Contact us today to find out more."
"A PERFECTLY LOCATED 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE WITH LARGE CONSERVATORY, MUST BE VIEWED TO BE APPRECIATED. **OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN!!** Purple Bricks are pleased to offer this lovely presented family semi-detached property ideally located in Sutton Coldfield with excellent transport links, clo..."
"An immaculately presented, recently refurbished, spacious and bright home. With 4 bedrooms and 3 brand new bathrooms. The home is incredibly finished and full of modern elegance with 1,982sq ft"
"A well presented two bedroom semi-detached, that would make a lovely home for a variety of purchasers. This property offers convenience on the doorstep, situated within easy reach of Harborne High Street and the Hagley Road, which will take you straight into Birmingham City Centre"
"If you’re seeking a home with no upward chain, somewhere with space for family and within walking distance of Sutton Park and local amenities then this home on Halton Road in Boldmere is not to be missed!
"
"WELL DESIGNED - Three bedroom semi detached property located on an extremely popular Road which runs between Darnick Road and Stonehouse Road. Offering vacant possession with NO UPWARD CHAIN, this property is close to all essential amenities enjoying being close to shops, restaurants, schools for..."
"*** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - GREAT LOCATION – CURRENTLY TENNANTED *** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic property for sale on Warwards Lane, Selly Oak, Birmingham. The property briefly comprises of large entrance hallway set out as living space, fitted kitchen/diner w..."
"**THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME IN PRIME LOCATION! ** We are delighted to offer to the market this three bedroom semi-detached family home, located in this highly desirable location in Moseley and bordering Kings Heath. Offering excellent access into Kings Heath High Street and Moseley village with a..."
"This is a lovely detached residence that is freehold and council tax band E. The interiors are light and airy and include enclosed porch, entrance hall, very generous through lounge with doors out to garden, fitted kitchen with a range of cream toned units. To the first floor are four bedrooms ..."
Situated in a most desired residential address this magnificent family home offers a delightful opportunity for any and all prospective buyers and will not disappoint on viewing. The property briefly offers a spacious fore garden providing ample parking with integral garage leading off. A porch ...
"A beautifully presented and substantially extended detached family home situated in a most sought after road. Offering accommodation comprising an extended through lounge/diner, extended and re-fitted kitchen, utility room, guest W.C, four good size bedrooms, en-suite shower room, re-fitted famil..."
This well presented much improved traditional style three double bed semi detached property occupies a coveted and sought after location set within close proximity of many amenities including desirable schools and shops as well as nearby Sutton Park. With accommodation including three reception ...
"REF AK0306 - 3 BEDROOM SEMI IN A GOOD LOCATION - CENTRAL WYLDE GREEN LOCATION - 2 RECEPTION - KITCHEN WITH POTENTIAL TO EXTEND - UPSTAIRS SHOWER ROOM WITH SEPARATE TOILET - CENTRAL HEATED - OFF ROAD PARKING - GARDEN TO REAR -
"
*** FANTASTIC WELL-PRESENTED STUDENT PROPERTY WITH AN OPEN PLAN FITTED KITCHEN LIVING AREA – SIX BEDROOMS – TWO BATHROOMS – LET FOR CURRENT ACADEMEIC YEAR AND ALSO LET FOR ACADEMIC YEAR 2023/2024 - *** Introducing this homely student property offering accommodation briefly comprising of...
"Stunning semi detached character property in the heart of Water Orton Village. Check out the video tour...
"
"This superbly presented three bed detached dormer bungalow has recently been comprehensively improved throughout ,occupying a highly regarded and much coveted location set off Monmouth Drive within close proximity of Boldmere and Sutton Park it enjoys a wealth of amenities including local schools..."
OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN - VACANT POSSESSION Situated in a most desired residential address this magnificent family home offers a delightful opportunity for any and all prospective buyers and will not disappoint on viewing. The property briefly comprises spacious fore gardens pro...
"This much loved superbly proportioned well appointed modern style four bed detached home has recently been the subject of a make-over creating a desirable opportunity for discerning buyers. Offering close proximity to many local amenities including, schools, shops, transport links and green space..."
"A delightful and spacious four bedroom semi detached family home in a prominent B17 location. Inspired by the ""Arts & Crafts"" movement, this tastefully presented property offers double bedrooms, two reception rooms, large breakfast kitchen, two bath/shower rooms and a generous rear garden. In..."
"***FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE***GARAGE AND UTILITY ROOM***OFF ROAD PARKING AND ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN***LOUNGE, DINING ROOM AND CONSERVATORY***0.5 MILES FROM BANNERS GATE ENTRANCE TO SUTTON PARK***OWNED SOLAR PANELS WITH BATTERY STORAGE***SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION***"
"A five bedroom/three bathroom, student investment property in top condition situated in the main student letting zone. Currently tenanted."
"NO CHAIN - Stunning Grade 2 listed barn conversion situated in this quiet no through road opposite St Edburgha`s Church and Old Yardley Park. Immaculate throughout, the property features ample parking through double gates, courtyard with private gardens and a self contained annex."
"A stunning, much improved 2 bedroom semi-detached property on the quaint and well located Moor Pool Avenue in Harborne. Occupying an attractive, elevated position this character home has been improved..."
"Innovate Estate Agents are pleased to present this Luxury & Contemporary development, The Constables! This development consists of 9 Homes, 5 Five bedroom detached homes and 4 Three bedroom Semi-detached homes. Phase 1 (Plots 1 & 2) consist of FIVE BEDROOMS, LOUNGE, 'LARGE' KITCHE..."
"* INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY * PRIME STUDENT LOCATION * Oakmans offer a traditional terraced property in a great location within Selly Oak. Based on Dale Road near to the University of Birmingham & Queen Elizabeth Hospital, the property offers 5 bedrooms over 3 floors with 2 bathroo..."
"A beautiful Grade ll listed conversion of The Million Penn Building. This luxury two bedroom, two bathroom apartment is located on the top floor of the development. Boasting no upward chain and a secure, allocated parking space. "
"Traditional Three bedroom Semi detached in a POPULAR LOCATION close to Motorway Junction for M5/M6, covered by GOOD PRIMARY and SECONDARY schools"
"Revilo Homes are delighted to offer for sale this stunning 266 apartment development, standing 22 storeys canal-side and boasting a prime city centre location, luxury apartments and premium amenities, every Affinity Living development is built to attract and retain residents (*** The Development ..."
" 
 
The Becket"
"The perfect family home, with spacious bedrooms, large kitchen diner and driveway. Located in a quiet cul-de-sac close to good schools and Moseley Village. Property comprises of porch, guest w/c, reception room, kitchen diner, upstairs four bedrooms, family bathroom, and large study room off the ..."
"A Fully Refurbished & Extended Semi Detached Family Home in a sought after location which in brief comprises of Lounge, Dining Room, Breakfast Kitchen, Utility Room, Downstairs Shower Room, Five Bedrooms & Family Bathroom. The property further benefits from Multiple Off Road Parking and rear Garden."
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are proud to offer for sale this well presented Three bedroom, Three bathroom Detached house in the sought after cul-de-sac location of Cherry Walk, Hollywood, B47. BEING SOLD CHAIN FREE!"
An impressive and newly renovated 2 bedroom bungalow located in the established and popular area of Harborne and within easy walking distance to the picturesque Queens Park & Warley Woods. The pro...
"*WONDERFUL GRADE II LISTED BARN CONVERSION IN THE HEART OF BOURNVILLE VILLAGE TRUST* Offering immense charm and character throughout, this wonderful home offers a unique opportunity to live in a little piece of Bournville history in a location that is hard to beat! Perfectly placed for all the ar..."
"This superbly extended and stunningly presented traditional style three bed semi detached property occupies a most convenient location set on the borders of Boldmere within close proximity of desirable schools, shops, transport links and nearby Sutton Park. Having been renovated to the highest of..."
The chance to buy a 4 bedroom spacious semi detached freehold house with a driveway for two cars. Entrance via a porch into a hallway with wooden flooring. There is a reception room to the left and a reception room to the right. Door leading to the back of the house which is an open...
"New homes development in the Hall Green area with access to good schooling, local amenities and public transport. Many different plots available along with show homes to view. Please call to arrange a site visit."
"*** Five Bedroom Semi-Detached Property * Spacious Family Home * Fantastic Potential * Three Reception Rooms *** Oakmans are delighted to offer this spacious, five bedroom semi-detached property located in a popular residential area, on Fountain Road. Ideally situated for Edgbaston Reser..."
Five bedroom semi detached house
"*A UNIQUE HOME WITH A STUNNING ANNEX! SOMETHING A LITTLE SPECIAL!* This is a real one-off! No doubt you've gone past and admired it, like we have! This wonderful Victorian semi-detached home has been designed and extended to offer a wonderful character home with a simply beautiful one / two bedro..."
"A STUNNING VICTORIAN TOWN HOUSE with NO UPWARD CHAIN in a VERY POPULAR LOCATION that offers 5 BEDROOMS, 4 RECEPTION ROOMS, PRIVATE DRIVEWAY, REAR GARDEN, STUNNING PERIOD FEATURES and MUCH MUCH MORE!!! Book your viewing with BURCHELL EDWARDS ERDINGTON TODAY!"
*** STUNNING EXTENDED DETACHED HOUSE *** THREE BEDROOMS *** HALLWAY *** GENEROUS LOUNGE*** WONDERFUL EXTENDED DINING KITCHEN *** UTILITY ROOM *** GUEST CLOAKROOM *** MASTER ENSUITE *** FAMILY BATHROOM *** DOUBLE GLAZED ** CENTRALLY HEATED *** LOVELY REAR GARDEN *** GENEROUS DRIVEWAY *** GREAT LOC...
The chance to buy a four bedroom detached house with an integrated garage and driveway for 2 cars. Entrance via a porch into a hallway with wooden laminate floor. door leading to a good size lounge and then arch way to a second reception room which has double doors leding to the garde...
"A large THREE bedroom PENTHOUSE apartment at Broadway Residences, boasting TWO large balcony's with views across the City and secure allocated parking. Offered with tenant in situ or with vacant possession, this exclusive apartment is a must viewl to appreciate space on offer! With three double b..."
"Earn 21.7% price appreciation by 2024 by investing in B1 City Centre, luxury apartments. Starting from just £175,000. A404"
"Situated directly opposite Handsworth Park, the property is located in the heart of Handsworth, within short distance of Soho Road, Laurel road community sports centre, multiple schools and bus routes."
"A fantastic 3 bedroom character home on the ever popular, centrally located Clarence Road, just a stones throw from Harborne's popular High Street. With an attractive frontage this prop..."
"Highly individual two-bedroom duplex penthouse apartment offering attractive and individual living space, comprising open plan living/dining/kitchen area benefitting from good natural light from panel glazed windows and door leading onto balcony with views of the city , open staircase leading to ..."
" A great sized, three-bedroom semi-detached property situated within the sought-after Bournville Village Trust area of Northfield, Birmingham. Entering through a large porch into the entrance hallway, the property briefly comprises: Spacious lounge, kitchen with a variety of base and eye leve..."
"This is an excellent detached freehold residence ideally located close to many amenities including, shops restaurants, public transport and the beauty spot that is Sutton Park. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating both where specified the interiors offer, entrance hall, guests ..."
** IMMACULATELY PRESENTED FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY ** LOUNGE ** FITTED KITCHEN DINER ** CLOAKROOM/W.C ** EN-SUITE ** FOUR PIECE FAMILY BATHROOM ** SECURE REAR GARDEN ** GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY ** * COMMUTABLE DISTANCE TO THE QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL & BIRMINGHAM UNIVERSITY **
"****SPACIOUS SEMI DETACHED TRADITIONAL HOUSE***** Being offered to the market is a great opportunity to purchase this charming traditional property, four bed semi detached which would make a lovely family or possible investment purchase. Kings Norton is a popular leafy outer..."
"NOW 95% SOLD! Plot 12 is sensational 1,000 sq. ft. 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment, furnished to an incredible standard and is situated within a 10 minute walk from New St Station."
"An extensively refurbished, 3 bedroom semi-detached property on the well regarded and conveniently located Swarthmore Road. Occupying a sizeable plot this significantly improved home is approached via..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this well presented three bedroom semi-detached property situated in a popular part of Kings Heath . The property would be a great purchase for first time buyers and families. Situated in a convenient residential location having access to local amenities such ...
"VIEWINGS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR THIS FIVE BEDROOM FAMILY RESIDENCE set out over three floors and being conveniently situated in this popular location in Kings Heath. This property comprises of Two Reception Rooms, Dining Kitchen, Cellar, Five Double Bedrooms, Bathroom, Front and Rear Gardens. EP ..."
"VIEWINGS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR THIS EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED RESIDENCE offering spacious family accommodation set out over three floors. This property comprises of Two Reception Rooms, Fitted Kitchen Diner. Four Bedrooms, Family Bathroom and Seperate W.C, Master Bedroom to Second Floo..."
"A spacious and well presented five bedroom semi-detached house, offered with two reception rooms, contemporary kitchen/diner, conservatory, shower room and modern family bathroom, rear garden with bar and off road parking with a garage, situated in Kings Norton, Birmingham.
"
"SPACIOUS FIVE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME IN MINWORTH, SUTTON COLDFIELD. NEAR TO LOCAL AMENITIES AND TRANSPORT LINKS Driveway for parking, Reception entrance, Two reception rooms and a separate dining room, Kitchen, Downstairs shower room, Large conservatory, Two upstairs bathroom, Five bedroo..."
"An extended five bedroom freehold semi detached home ideal for a family or multi generational living in a sought after location. This home boasts Three Reception Rooms, a Kitchen Diner, Five Bedrooms, Family Bathroom, Downstairs Shower Room and En-suite WC. There is a driveway for mult..."
"Burchell Edwards are proud to present this beautifully extended family home. This property is larger than life and makes perfectly living for a large family. This property is also well situated for the local schooling, amenities and public transport."
"Empire are happy to present to the market this fully spacious Victorian property, which spans over three floors, three reception rooms, two bathrooms plus a WC and five spacious bedrooms."
Luxury residential apartments under 100m from popular bars and restaurants in a brand-new development. View floor plans today! A428
"Hunters are pleased to market for sale this well presented, four bedroom detached family home, situated in a popular residential location, close to amenities, schools and the 2,400 acre Sutton Park. Viewing of the property is highly advised to appreciate the size and space on offer. The..."
"Dixons are delighted to bring this immaculately presented detached family home to the market. Located on a quiet cul-de-sac in Moseley close to local parks, schools, amenities and transport links to Kings Heath, Hall Green and Moseley this property would make the ideal family home. Acco..."
"A well presented detached bungalow situated in a popular and highly convenient location. Benefitting from two double bedrooms, study, conservatory, rear garage and parking"
"A wonderful opportunity to acquire a property requiring general modernisation in a sought-after location. This three bedroomed semi-detached house currently comprises of two reception rooms, kitchen, utility, ground floor WC, three bedrooms and bathroom. A large insulated loft and useful eaves st..."
"*CONSERVATORY * GARAGE * THREE BEDROOMS * FANTASTIC LOCATION* Oakmans offer a very well presented, three bedroom bungalow, located on the sought after Word Hill, Harborne. The property offers an initial porch entrance, spacious entrance hallway, lounge, modern kitchen with brea..."
"Burchell Edwards are delighted to offer this immaculately presented three double, detached family home. Located on a quiet cul-de-sac in the B13 area close to local parks, schools, amenities and transport links. This is a great family area and the current owners have lived here for over 30 years."
**STUNNING AND VERY LARGE DETACHED FAMILY HOME** **RENOVATED AND EXTENDED** *THREE BEDROOMS** **WONDERFULLY SPACIOUS LANDING** **FANTASTIC REAR GARDEN** **DRIVEWAY** **HANDSWORTH WOOD LOCATION**
This beautiful semi-detached family home spanning across three floors is nestled away on a quiet cul-de-sac with idyllic rural views over equine fields.
***SPACIOUS***FOUR GOOD SIZE BEDROOMS***LOUNGE WITH SEPARATE DINING ROOM***FITTED KITCHEN WITH SEPARATE UTILITY ROOM***GUEST W.C.***FAMILY BATHROOM PLUS EN-SUITE TO MASTER***POPULAR SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION IN CASTLE BROMWICH***GOOD SIZE PRIVATE GARDENS WITH POOL***AMPLE DRIVEWAY TO FORE***GARAGE***...
"The chance to buy a three bedroom detached freehold house with a garage and driveway for approximately three cars. Entrance via a porch. Laminate flooring in the hallway with a cupboard under the stairs. Front reception room with bay window, Second reception room at the ba..."
"Acres are pleased to offer for sale this spacious mid terraced property offering no upward chain, therefore ideal for First Time Buyers & Investors! This is a generous property that benefits from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The interiors include; light and airy ..."
"Hunters are pleased to market for sale, with the benefit of NO UPWARD CHAIN this four bedroom, traditional semi detached home situated close to Boldmere amenities, Chester Road Train Station and local schools. Viewing of the property is essential to appreciate the deceptively spacious accommodati..."
"A beautifully presented and modern six-bedroom property which has been stylishly re-furbished by the current owner. This extremely spacious property comes with lots of original period features and boasts four bedrooms on the first floor, two further spacious loft bedrooms, two reception rooms, la..."
"KLARICO Estate Agents are delighted to present this 4 bedroom semi-detached property located within a sought after street in Hall Green, Birmingham. Benefits from having a driveway and extension on ground floor. Currently in need of modernizing!"
Birmingham Buy to Let Investment: Earn huge capital appreciation on these Birmingham apartments located 16 mins from New Street Station.A989
"* IMMACULATE VICTORIAN END OF TERRACE * completely refurbished to the highest standard , with the added bonus of off road parking space to the the rear. Generous through lounge dining room , impressive fitted breakfast kitchen , three bedrooms , contemporary family bathroom with separate shower..."
"A large family home or investment with tenants.
As a family home it offers five generous bedrooms and two reception rooms as well as a fitted kitchen, bathroom, guest w/c and master ensuite dressing and shower room.
As an investment there are currently SIX bedrooms and a communal living room and ..."
A Most Versatile Extended Four Bedroom Detached Dormer Bungalow In This Most Convenient Cul De Sac In Hollywood
"*A SUPERB 5 DOUBLE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME!* Set back from the main road behind hedgerows and a mature garden alongside a sweeping drive is this quite superb, five double bedroom, vastly extended family home which is being offered with no onward chain. The property offers excellent accommodation thro..."
*** Five Bedroom Family Home – Extended – Lounge – Dining Room – Breakfast Kitchen – Driveway And Garage *** An extended five bedroom link detached family home situated on a quiet cul-de-sac in the popular area of Hollywood. This lovely family home is set back from the road with a drivew...
"Paul Carr Estate Agents are pleased to offer this modern four bedroom detached family home which is situated within a sought after cul de sac location in Great Barr. This property is being sold with the current tenants in place. The property comprises of an entrance hallway, w/c, spacious lounge,..."
"A well presented and deceptively spacious, extended, three bedroom semi detached property in a popular and convenient residential location. The property has been modernised, extended and comprises of three bedrooms, two spacious reception rooms with reception room one currently used as bedroom fo..."
"A stunning 6-bedroom semi-detached home in Birmingham. Perfect for large families or investors. Benefit from two large reception rooms, a downstairs WC, a dining room and a spacious kitchen. The first floor consists of four good-sized double bedrooms, the master bedroom with an en-suite and a fam..."
"A wonderful and charming period property situated within this highly desirable location in Harborne. The property retains a host of original features and oozes character throughout combined with some fantastic contemporary pieces of modernisation. The property boasts three double bedrooms, a larg..."
"1,2 and 3-bedroom, luxury apartments in B1 Birmingham. Located in the Jewellery Quarter, just 680m from train station. A400"
Completed and tenanted investment opportunity in Birmingham with 5% projected rental returns. Stunning 2 and 3-bedroom apartments are available. View floor plans today! A427
CAPITAL GROWTH OPPORTUNITY: Earn maximum capital appreciation on these luxury Birmingham investments. A995
"Apple Property Solutions are Pleased to Offer this Well Presented, Refurbished and Extended Detached Dormer Bungalow For Sale. Situated in a Popular Residential Location, Close to Local Amenities, Transport Link and Schooling. The Property Comprises of Large Block Paved Driveway and Fore Garden, Dou"
"This spacious end-terrace Cannington has flexible living space across three storeys.
On the ground floor is an open plan kitchen-diner with a glazed bay to the garden, a study and a cloakroom.
Upstairs is your spacious en-suite main bedroom and a modern family lounge. The top floor has two furthe..."
"*THREE BEDROOM PENTHOUSE* Are you looking for something special? Citygreens offers a unique collection of only four penthouse apartments comprising of three spacious bedrooms, two bathrooms, from 1130, sqft including a private garden roof terrace and parking with plenty of amenities nearby."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY | Popular Student Accomodation | 5 Bed 2 Bath | Close to Station | Birmingham University | Family Home | Excellent Condition | £26,000.00 PA | YIELD 6.2%"
"3 STOREY home with THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, one with EN SUITE. The OPEN PLAN kitchen-diner has a GLAZED BAY with FRENCH DOORS to your GARDEN. There's also a STUDY and spacious LOUNGE plus a family bathroom."
"An executive three bedroom detached house.
This spacious family home offers accommodation including an entrance porch and reception hallway, spacious living room, family dining room, breakfast kitchen with utility room and guest w/c.
Upstairs there three generous bedrooms and a family bathroom wi..."
"A generously proportioned three bedroom detached house on a substantial corner plot, with separate garage block and two driveways, situated in the much sought after location of Cofton Hackett.
"
"What a home! This is a charming & unique detached residence sat on a very large plot with green space to the rear. Set back from the road & perfect for commuters, this large family home must be viewed. Please quote ref AT0132.
"
"This superbly located traditional style four bed semi detached property occupies a coveted and convenient location set within close proximity of many desirable amenities including shops, schools and transport links. The accommodation itself briefly includes separate reception rooms along with a g..."
"The Pressworks is located in the heart of Birmingham’s prestigious Jewellery Quarter. Just moments from the famous St Paul’s Square, The Colmore Business District and Birmingham City Centre, the development occupies a premier location in the city’s most desirable district. Designed to preserve th..."
"Apple Property Solutions are Pleased to Offer this Extended Modern Semi-Detached Property For Sale. Situated in a Popular Residential Location, Just off Hamilton Avenue, Harbourne, Close to Local Amenities, Transport Links and Schooling. "
"Cordia Blackswan is proud to present this TWO-BED, TWO-BATH apartment in The Gothic. Set across 847 SQ FT, this bespoke home offers a spacious OPEN-PLAN kitchen/living area, a generous kitchen island and the latest fixtures and fittings. "
"This well proportioned four bed detached property occupies a sought after location set within close proximity of desirable amenities including local schools, shops, transport links and nearby Sutton Park. Offering the advantage of no onward chain and having scope for development throughout the ac..."
"This is an incredible opportunity to purchase a modern styled detached property ideally located for many amenities. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The stunning interiors include enclosed porch, entrance hall, guests cloakroom / downstairs guest W.C...."
"A three bedroom property with central heating in a popular area and a short walk to Birmingham City Centre.
The property has a drop curb with space to create a double driveway at the front (which already has permission). The property needs some improvement but also has development potential espe..."
"This superbly located well proportioned extended modern style four bed detached property occupies a sought after and convenient cul-de-sac location set beside open green space and within close proximity of desirable amenities. With accommodation including a generous lounge, separate dining kitche..."
"TRADITIONAL THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY comprising of LOUNGE, SITTING ROOM, KITCHEN DINER and SHOWER ROOM on the ground floor along with THREE BEDROOMS and FAMILY BATHROOM upstairs. Outside is a DRIVEWAY PROVIDING OFF ROAD PARKING and ENCLOSED GARDEN TO THE REAR"
** COMING SOON !! ** The Star - A Fantastic Five Bedroom Property ** View Home available ** Don't Miss Out ** Last Plots Remaining ** Call Now to View Your Dream Home **
"Dixons are proud to present to market this fantastic detached property on the sought after road of Vernon Avenue, in the heart of Handsworth Wood. This is a well presented detached house benefitting from partial double glazing and gas central heating. The accommodation in brief compris..."
"***THREE BEDROOM EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE***CLOSE PROXIMITY TO BOLDMERE ROAD SHOPS, BARS AND RESTAURANTS***WITHIN A MILE OF WYLDE GREEN TRAIN STATION***OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM***MODERN FAMILY BATHROOM***WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE***"
"Direct Housing are pleased to present a fantastic investment opportunity of this semi-detached 5 bedroom HMO property in central Selly Oak. This property benefits from 5 double bedrooms, a good sized lounge, and two shower rooms. The property has one ground floor bedroom, three bedrooms on the fi..."
"*** Immaculately Presented Semi-Detached House * Three Bedrooms * Two Reception Rooms * Garage * Bournville Village Trust *** Oakmans are delighted to offer this immaculately presented, semi-detached property located on Green Meadow Road, Selly Oak. A beautiful family home which sits in..."
"A particularly well presented four bedroom detached house, offered with two reception rooms, a recently re-fitted breakfast kitchen (2021), a master bedroom with a dressing area and en suite, and an attractive low maintenance rear garden (re-landscaped 2021), situated in Northfield, Birmingham..."
"VIEWINGS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED FOR THIS LOVELY THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY RESIDENCE with the added benefit of Off Road Parking and a large Garden with brick built sheds to rear. This property comprises of a Living Room, Dining Kitchen, Conservatory, Downstairs W.C, Three Bedrooms and Bathroom. EP..."
A substantial property offering tremendous investment potential. Spacious residential accommodation combined with a cafe let on a lease providing rental income.                Occupying a prominent corner position the property includes a cafe let on a lease until November 2023 and residential acc...
"Perfectly located 2 bedroom apartment in the heart of Birmingham with dual aspect canal and garden views from its 5.6m2 balcony. Designed to St Joseph's high standards, this SPACIOUS apartment boasts 757sq. ft."
"Public Notice Apartment 124, Centenary Plaza, 18 Holiday Street, Birmingham, B1 1TH. We are acting in the sale of the above property and have received an offer of £455,000 Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchang..."
"A beautifully presented four bedroom detached house, offered with a modern kitchen/diner, lounge, en suite to the master bedroom, family bathroom, landscaped rear garden, off road parking and garage, situated in a modern and popular development in Cofton Hackett, Birmingham.
"
"Spanning 836 sq ft, this two-bedroom apartment is ideally situated in Building Three of The Gothic. This bespoke home has been carefully crafted to meet the demands of the modern resident, whilst also providing a glimpse into The Gothic's colourful history."
"An extended and improved traditional semi-detached property situated in a cul-de-sac location. Also benefitting from a brick built annexe that provides an ideal space for a home office or gym, with the added benefit of additional storage and a shower room"
"*A BEAUTIFUL, THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME IN THIS LOVELY CUL-DE-SAC!* Tucked away in this quiet cul-de-sac on the Bournville Village Trust is this beautifully presented and much improved, three bedroom semi-detached home which offers some lovely modern touches alongside some pretty character featur..."
"View floor plans today! Chic Birmingham apartments in Westside with a minimum rental income of £4,250. Invest from £299,995.B525"
"A Fantastic Opportunity to acquire an ideal investment opportunity. This traditional, extended semi-detached property has been fully repurposed and consists of 5 Double En-Suite bedrooms, communal Living area, Conservatory and two Communal Kitchens. With excellent rental potential for an investor..."
"Acres are delighted to offer for sale this wonderful detached property that is ideally located close to amenities and local schooling. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (where specified). The interiors include entrance hall, downstairs guest w.c., large well-presented family ..."
"*FLOORING INCLUDED* A range of properties available built by an award winning 5* house builder with prices starting from just £400,000."
***EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME***BREAKFAST KITCHEN/DINER***SPACIOUS LOUNGE & DINING ROOM***THREE GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS***FAMILY BATHROOM***SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN***AMPLE OFF-ROAD PARKING ***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***
This is a very well presented THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED in a very popular location! TWO RECEPTION ROOMS great family home! LARGE PRIVATE REAR GARDEN
SEMI-DETACHED three storey home. The spacious KITCHEN DINER enjoys FRENCH DOORS to the garden. The lounge is the perfect space for relaxing. Upstairs you'll find THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS across two floors. The main bedroom on the top floor comes with an EN SUITE.
"* No Chain * Potential * Garage * What a place to live; Bournville Village Green and the sought-after Primary School just yards away, in a property that could be the most stunning family home! Quote Code: DC0118  
"
"Family home in the ever popular Hollywood location, nestled away on a quiet cul-de-sac encompassed by local amenities and semi-rural surroundings."
*EPC RATING F *FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS *SEMI DETACHED *TWO RECEPTION ROOMS *SEPERATE DINING ROOM *WELL FITTED KITCHEN *FAMILY BATHROOM AND SHOWER ROOM *DOUBLE GLAZING *GAS CENTRAL HEATING *REAR GARDEN WITH SIDE ACCESS *CHAIN FREE *POPULAR LOCATION
"This is an absolutely stunning property that has been considerably extended and improved by the current owner to a fantastic standard. Being located to fantastic local schooling to include, Q3 Academy, Grove Vale and St Margaret’s! Benefiting from double glazing and new gas central heating (both ..."
*AVAILABLE IMMEDIATELY* *FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY* *PERFECT FAMILY HOME*House Hunt presents a recently refurbished stunner which includes 5 double rooms and 2 modern bathrooms.There is also a large garden and a drive which is suitable for 2 cars!All rooms are currently tenanted!
"An extended five bedroom semi-detached property offered with no upward chain and requiring some modernisation with accommodation comprising in brief of entrance porch, reception hallway, two reception rooms, L-shaped kitchen, utility, Guest WC and shower room, family bathroom, garage, off road..."
"Gibson Road is located in a much sought after and attractive area of Handsworth and is only a short distance to some great schools, an array of local shops, places of worship and such amenities including Handsworth Park and Parry Hall Park. Perry Barr Train Station is nearby*DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY*"
"This beautiful home is a fantastic opportunity for families looking to up size. Approached by a large front driveway, this delightful property features a stunning inviting reception hallway providing access to a truly spacious family room, complemented by a lounge and an open plan kitchen dine..."
A rather lovely and very welcoming family home that is located in a super area of Great Barr near to some fantastic local amenities and some very much sought after Schools. With an extended lounge and an extended kitchen this property has an abundance of charm along with a plenty of space.
This superbly presented modern style three bed link detached property occupies a most coveted and convenient location set within close proximity of nearby Boldmere high street and enjoys easy access to a superior local transport network and desirable schools shops and dining. With excellent accom...
"Spacious family home in the sought after location of water Orton. In brief the property comprises porch, entrance hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen, downstairs wc, four bedrooms, en-suite, family bathroom, rear garden, garage and off road parking. The property also benefits from double glazin..."
"A conveniently located four bedroom semi detached house benefitting from living room, open plan kitchen/dining room and refitted bathroom, on the cusp of Birmingham city centre within cul de sac location."
"*A STUNNING CONVERSION WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE CHINESE QUARTER* This open plan and stylish apartment will make City Centre living even more special! With an en suite to master and gated underground parking, CALL US NOW TO ARRANGE YOUR VIEWINGS!"
A beautiful period property combining both modern and character features in the desirable suburb of Harborne opposite the picturesque Queens Park.
*** TWO BED MID-TERRACE PROPERTY *** REQUIRES SOME RENOVATION WORK *** LIVING ROOM *** KITCHEN *** FAMILY BATHROOM *** DRIVEWAY *** SECURE REAR GARDEN ***
"Dixons are delighted to present this lovely five-bedroom Victorian end of terrace property offering ample accommodation as a perfect family home. The property is ideally located close to Moseley Village, Balsall Heath, Sparkhill, local shops, schools, amenities, parks and major transport links."
A great opportunity to purchase a spacious four bedroom semi detached property situated in the sought after Acocks Green. The property benefits from four good size bedrooms with the potential to add a further bedroom in the loft. It would be an ideal purchase for first time buyers or families. S...
"*** Four Bedroom House – Popular Location – Two Reception Rooms – Well Presented – Spacious Accommodation *** This four-bedroom house is a gem located in the sought-after area of Harborne. It boasts two spacious reception rooms, a modern fitted kitchen with integrated oven hob and e..."
"AVAILABLE WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN this STUNNING, 3 DOUBLE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME offers FANTASTIC LIVING SPACE in one of the MOST SOUGHT AFTER AREAS in ERDINGTON! With QUICK LINKS TO BIRMINGHAM CITY CENTRE, GREAT LOCAL AMENITIES and SO MUCH MORE!!!"
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - FOR SALE VIA BAGSHAWS RESIDENTIAL AUCTIONS IN ASSOCIATION WITH BARNARD MARCUS AUCTIONS AVAILABLE POST AUCTION. CONTACT: Bagshaws Residential Derby, 32 – 34 Cornmarket, Derby, DE1 2DG option 3)"
"Burchell Edwards are proud to present this lovely family home in the popular area of Moseley. The property itself has plenty of potential to become a beautiful, large family home. Being an end of terraced, there is plenty of room for further extension (STPP)."
*** FOR SALE BY TRADITIONAL AUCTION *** This is a fantastic THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME in a very popular location in Water Orton NO UPWARD CHAIN VERY LARGE PLOT!
"A THREE BEDROOM TRADITIONAL BUNGALOW with *** NO CHAIN *** benefitting from AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING and a GOOD SIZE REAR GARDEN. The accommodation briefly comprises: VESTIBULE, HALLWAY, LIVING ROOM with BAY WINDOW, BEDROOM with BAY WINDOW, SECOND BEDROOM/RECEPTION ROOM TWO, KITCHEN/DINER opening ..."
"Being a well presented, extended three bedroom family semi-detached home. Located in a popular location close to main road, train transport links & being in a good school catchment area for primary schooling. The property is in good order and has some retaining character features."
THREE BEDROOMS | PENTHOUSE | CITY LIVING | A superb three bedroom penthouse apartment in this sought-after development offering spacious accommodation and also benefiting from a large terrace.
"A superbly maintained and deceptively spacious five bedroom semi-detached home, situated in this popular residential location in Edgbaston. The property is set over three floors and boasts over 1500 square feet of internal accommodation, additionally benefiting from plenty of off street parking a..."
"*BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED * NO UPWARD CHAIN * NEW BATHROOM * KITCHEN WITH ISLAND * DETACHED * UTILITY ROOM* Oakmans are delighted to offer an immaculately presented, three bedroom, detached property, situated on the desirable Langleys Road, Birmingham. The property ground floor of..."
| BIRMINGHAM Commercial | Unique opportunity to purchase a commercial building consisting of multi offices | Potential for residential development pending planning approval | Accompanied viewings by sole agency Davidson Estates. 
"FINAL OFFERS TO BE SUBMITTED BY 14TH APRIL 2023 12 NOON. Kings Agents are proud to represent this four bedroom detached bungalow for sale in a wonderful location, situated in Sheldon, Birmingham B26, offering amazing comfortable living and convenience with simplicity. *PLANNING PERMISSION GRANTED*"
"This superbly located, extended two/three bed detached bungalow occupies a sought after and convenient situation within close proximity of desirable amenities including local shops and a superior public transport network. With flexible accommodation there are currently two reception rooms, two be..."
"BURCHELL EDWARDS, ERDINGTON are proud to present this BEAUTIFUL THREE BEDROOM SEMI DEATCHED HOME in an increasingly popular area of ERDINGTON. This PERFECT FAMILY HOME is not to be missed! So CALL NOW TO AVOID MISSING OUT!!"
"A detached five bedroom family home based in Handsworth Wood. Offering a through living room, kitchen, dining room and wc downstairs and then upstairs boasting five bedrooms and the family bathroom. The property has the benefit of a newly fitted boiler. To the front is a driveway for multiple ..."
"An ideal opportunity to purchase this spacious four bedroom extended semi detached, which must be viewed internally to be appreciated. This property has been well maintained and decorated and benefits from gas central heating, double glazing and has the added attraction of an extended living......."
WELL-PRESENTED 2/3 BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW ** SPACIOUS LOUNGE ** DINING ROOM/ THIRD BEDROOM** FITTED KITCHEN ** TWO FURTHER DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** BATHROOM *WELL-MAINTAINED REAR GARDENS ** DETACHED GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY FOR 3 CARS ** WALKING DISTANCE TO THE QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL * NO ONWARD CHAIN *
"BACK TO MARKET: City centre view apartments located in Birmingham with only £34,500cash required to own the property.Projected rental income starts from £11,450.A994"
"*** NO CHAIN *** A FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY conveniently located along the popular WHEELERS LANE close to LOCAL KINGS HEATH SCHOOLS and AMENITIES. Benefitting from OFF ROAD PARKING and a LARGE REAR GARDEN, the accommodation briefly comprises: GROUND FLOOR: HALLWAY, LIVING/DINING ROOM, ..."
No summary available...
*EPC RATING AWAITED *THREE BEDROOMS *LOFT ROOM *DRIVEWAY *REAR GARDEN *TWO RECEPTION ROOMS *DINING ROOM *KITCHEN *W/C *UTILITY *POPULAR LOCATION *LOCAL AMENITIES
"KLARICO Estate Agents are delighted to present this stunning 5 bedroom semi-detached property, situated within a popular part of Hall Green, Birmingham. Benefit from having a rear extension and loft conversion. Presented to an immaculate standard."
"A well portioned Muckows built five bedroom detached family home situated in Rubery. Having entrance hall , through lounge diner, family room , fitted kitchen, conservatory, downstairs shower room with a family bathroom and separate wc to the first floor. The property benefits from having a we..."
"View floor plans today! Chic Birmingham apartments in Westside with a minimum rental income of £4,250. Invest from £299,995.A426"
Stylish new apartments for buy to let or buy to live just 12 minutes from Five Ways train station in Birmingham. View floor plans today! A395
"View floor plans today!Brand-new Birmingham apartments 5 minutes from O2 Academy. Prices start from £174,995.B544"
"Paul Carr Estate Agents are pleased to offer this extended four bedroom family home which occupies a large corner plot on a sought after residential road in Perry Barr. The property comprises of a porch entrance, spacious hallway, two reception rooms, a double bedroom (currently used as a sitting..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this well presented five bedroom semi-detached house located in a quiet residential part of Acocks Green. The property would be a great family home or investment opportunity. Its close to local amenities such as shops and schools, within easy reach of Sprin..."
"Tenchlee Place doors are now OPEN with a selection of homes to discuss with prices starting from £400,000 and the Kennett Show Home available to view. Call and chat with our sales team about the incentives and homes on offer."
"Premium Birmingham apartments for sale for just £175,000. Located in the Jewellery Quarter with stunning City Centre views. A394"
"***ARE YOU A KEY WORKER? MOVE WITH OUR KEY WORKER DEPOSIT CONTRIBUTION SCHEME WE'LL CONTRIBUTE UP TO £20,000 AND WE'LL INCLUDE FLOORING***. Our Kingsville is a bright and flexible 4 bedroom, 3-storey home. Downstairs you will find a spacious open plan kitchen with family and dining areas and also..."
*** GRADE II LISTED FAMILY HOME *** This is a rare opportunity to purchase a beautiful home of both style and substance. Individually constructed to a meticulous design by famous arts and crafts architect William Henry Bidlake in 1909. 'The Lodge' offers a rare position and is situated...
"BACK TO MARKET: City centre view apartments located in Birmingham with only £34,500cash required to own the property.Projected rental income starts from £11,450. A993"
"Residential apartments in Birmingham's buoyant Westside district. Prices start from £299,995 and rental returns are projected at 5%. View floor plans today! A425"
"*VIRTUAL REALITY TOUR NOW AVAILABLE* The Lucas is the perfect FREEHOLD City Centre family home set across three floors. Offering THREE spacious bedrooms including top floor MASTER BEDROOM, OPEN PLAN Kitchen/Dining/ Living area, En-suite to the master, family bathroom & DRIVEWAY,"
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER THIS LINKED DETACHED RESIDENCE SITUATED IN A PRIVATE CUL-DE-SAC COMPRISING: 4 BEDROOMS, 2 RECEPTION ROOMS, DINING ROOM, RECEPTION HALLWAY, LOUNGE, DINING KITCHEN, GUEST W/C, FAMILY BATHROOM, CENTRAL HEATED, DOUBLE GLAZED, OFF ROAD PARKING, FRONT AND REAR GARDENS, INTE..."
"A FOUR bedroom semi-detached bungalow with boarded loft areas including Velux window and fixed staircase access from the reception hall. Additional benefits include good size lounge, fitted kitchen with dining room extension, conservatory/utility, shower room plus separate WC, side garage now stu..."
"PURPLE BRICKS present to you this STUNNING three-bedroom duplex apartment, with SECURE ALLOCATED PARKING, in the most sought-after location in BIRMINGHAM! It offers accommodation including a spacious reception hall with a feature spiral staircase to the 2nd floor, guest w.c. and a door opening i..."
"A contemporary four bedroom detached family home offering versatile accommodation within this secluded cul-de-sac location. Offered for sale with no upward chain the property has two spacious reception rooms & conservatory, off road parking, garage and private rear garden. EP Rating E"
"A well presented and very roomy, 4 bedroom bedroom detached property, located within a popular area just off Monyhull Hall Road. The property briefly comprises: porch, hall, dining room, living room over looking the back garden, a modern fitted breakfast kitchen, an under the stairs WC and a l..."
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER THIS DETACHED RESIDENCE COMPRISING: 4 BEDROOMS, RECEPTION ROOM, THROUGH LOUNGE, KITCHEN, DOWNSTAIRS W/C, UTLITY ROOM, FIRST FLOOR BATHROOM, CENTRAL HEATED, DOUBLE GLAZED, OFF ROAD PARKING, FRONT AND REAR GARDENS, NO CHAIN, EPC RATING E."
"** Potential high end investment property ** Stunning duplex penthouse apartment set in an exclusive and impressive conversion of a former school, originally built in 1851. With original features still present we urge you to take a closer look at this property which is the largest apartment in..."
"The New SchoolHouse is a modern, design led, high specification boutique development in Birmingham's Jewellery Quarter. One of the country's most exciting districts and the most desirable residential area in the city."
"A rare opportunity to acquire an individual detached bungalow residence on a larger than average plot. Requires modernisation and improvement work but offers tremendous potential. Central heating as specified, large enclosed porch, hall, two reception rooms, kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom/WC w..."
"Central Harborne, two bed home with style and flair. Designed with contemporary living in mind. Features a light and open space perfect for entertaining, two en-suites, courtyard and highly sought after secure parking. The property is located on Greenfield Road, just off Harborne High St..."
**ONE OF A KIND** PRESTIGIOUS JEWELLERY QUARTER LOCATION** LUXURY DUPLEX** YIELDS UP TO 5.3%** HIGH SPECIFICATION** GRADE II LISTED BUILDING**
"Well presented this completely new build 2 Bed / 2 Bath apartment with balcony and parking at TIMBERYARD by Galliard. It also benefited from 24 hours concierge, fully equipped gym and screening Room.Situated in the heart of Birmingham city centre, Chinese Quarter."
"**ONE OF A KIND** PRESTIGIOUS JEWELLERY QUARTER LOCATION** LUXURY DUPLEX** YIELDS UP TO 5.3%** HIGH SPECIFICATION** COMPLETION THIS SUMMER** GRADE II LISTED BUILDING**
"
"READY TO MOVE IN NOW A STUNNING DUPLEX apartment conversion with 1,065 sq ft of open plan LUXURY living space, CINEMA ROOM, two DOUBLE BEDROOMS one with en-suite. Set over the ground and lower ground floor within this Grade II listed former brass works. Located on Camden..."
** PRESTIGIOUS JEWELLERY QUARTER LOCATION** LUXURY DUPLEX** YIELDS OVER 5%** HIGH SPECIFICATION** COMPLETING SOON** GRADE II LISTED BUILDING**ONE OF A KIND**
"*** TRADITIONAL BAY-FRONT SEMI DETACHED *** NO UPWARD CHAIN *** SOUTH FACING GARDEN *** POTENTIAL TO EXTEND AND IMPROVE *** Situated On The Ever Popular Bradford Road, Castle Bromwich And Within Close Proximity To Local Amenities, Convenient Public Transport Links And Outstanding Scho..."
"A well maintained extended semi detached property with central heating and double glazing, briefly comprising: porch, reception hall, sitting room, shower room, kitchen/dining room, second reception room, wet room, utility area, four bedrooms, bathroom, good sized rear garden, off road parking. E..."
** TRADITIONAL SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** EXTRA LAND WITH PROPERTY ** IN NEED OF MODERNISATION THROUGHOUT ** GARAGE ** EXCELLENT LOCATION **
"Beautifully presented home in a popular cul - de - sac location with full width extension to rear with Bi-Fold doors to open plan Kitchen/Dining/Living Space. Offering Five Bedrooms, Downstairs W.C & Utility with additional shower. Well placed for well regarded local schools. EP Rating D"
A spacious and well appointed 4 bedroom character home on the popular and well located Galton Road in Bearwood. This comprehensively improved property boasts generous proportions throughout and the ra...
"*SIDE EXTENSION * LARGE CORNER PLOT* Oakmans are pleased to offer to market this well presented, extended. four bedroom detached property offered with no upward chain, located in a quiet residential road in Kings Norton and sits and the end of the cul-de-sac. Viewings are recommended giv..."
Well presented 4 bed family home located in Birmingham. Consists of: Open plan kitchen / dining room Bright and airy living room Double bedroom with en-suite shower room and balcony Second double bedroom with en-suite shower room Third large double bedroom...
"This well presented three bed detached split level property occupies an excellent cul-de-sac location set within close proximity of desirable schools, local shops and parks. The accommodation on offer includes a generous lounge, family dining kitchen and conservatory along with a modern shower ro..."
"Nicholas George are pleased to offer this large semi-detached house. Which is well situated in this popular residential part of Harborne, close to local amenities and excellent links to Queen Elizabeth Hospital and the University of Birmingham. This property comprises entrance hall, spacious thro..."
"It is a pleasure to offer for sale this superb traditionally styled property that has been extended and upgraded. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The interiors offer large welcoming hallway, generous through lounge/dining room, extended kitchen open ..."
Paul Carr Erdington are delighted to offer for sale this most delightful and beautifully appointed four double bedroom semi-detached family home situated in a well regarded residential location. The property on offer boasts a range of local amenities ranging from convenience shopping to schools a...
"This superbly presented three bed period semi-detached property occupies an enviable location set within close proximity of nearby Wylde Green shopping centre, desirable schools and a superior transport network both road and rail. Sitting in a most generous mature plot the accommodation briefly ..."
"BAIRSTOW EVES are delighted to bring to the market this lovely detached house situated in Kingsleigh Drive, Castle Bromwich, Birmingham. The accommodation comprises entrance hallway, lounge/diner, kitchen, conservatory, four bedrooms and a bathroom. Externally the property benefits from a drivewa..."
"A THREE BEDROOM TRADITIONAL STYLE PROPERTY benefitting from A GOOD SIZE REAR GARDEN and SPACIOUS ROOM SIZES. Briefly comprising: GROUND FLOOR: PORCH, HALLWAY, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, KITCHEN, UTILITY, W.C. and GARAGE. FIRST FLOOR: THREE BEDROOMS, W.C. and SHOWER ROOM. Popular location and LOTS OF PO..."
"**DEVELOPMENT NOW OVER 80% SOLD, SHOW HOME AVAILABLE TO VIEW** BRAND NEW, STUNNING LOFT style PENTHOUSE apartment with LUXURY open plan living, CONTEMPORARY kitchen, PORCELANOSA bathrooms and 10 year warranty within this exclusive gated development, in the historic Jewellery Quarter in Birmingha..."
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented four bedroom extended semi-detached property situated on Cambrai Drive, Birmingham, B28. This property is ready to move straight into and viewing is highly recommended!"
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER THIS SEMI DETACHED RESIDENCE COMPRISING: 4 BEDROOMS, FOURTH BEDROOM WITH EN-SUITE, RECEPTION ROOM, EXTENDED LOUNGE, L-SHAPED KITCHEN, DOWNSTAIRS W/C, UTILITY ROOM, CENTRAL HEATING, DOUBLE GLAZING, OFF ROAD PARKING, GARAGE, EPC RATING D."
"The three bedroom Braxton is a townhouse design, ideal for growing families. This is our final home available at West Side Mews"
"Northwood are proud to present to the market a one bedroom apartment available in the popular i-Land building.  I-Land is a short walk to New Street station and is located in China Town, surrounded by bars and restaurants.!!Investors call now to arrange a viewing!! "
"A charming, characteristic and exceptionally well maintained four bedroom semi detached property, set across four floors and offered with two reception rooms, a traditional fitted kitchen/diner, conservatory, four double bedrooms, one with ensuite, family bathroom, enc..."
"A particularly well presented four bedroom detached house, offered with an open plan kitchen/diner/conservatory, lounge, modern family shower room and en suite to the master bedroom, a landscaped rear garden and driveway, situated in Rednal, Birmingham.
"
"This stunning detached family home needs to be viewed to see its true potential. Situated on Faircroft Road (Just Of Park Field Road) and is in the sought after location of Castle Bromwich. Approach, you are greeted with an ample block paved drive with space for multiple vehicl..."
"Paul Carr Estate Agents are pleased to offer this extended and very well presented five bedroom semi detached family home which is situated on a very sought after residential road in Handsworth Wood and offers NO CHAIN. The property comprises of a porch entrance, hallway, spacious lounge, conserv..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a truly stunning extended three/four bedroom detached property situated in a popular part of Kings Norton. The property is high standard throughout and would be an ideal purchase for first time buyers and families. Situated in a covenient residential locati...
"Paul Carr Estate Agents are pleased to offer this spacious five bedroom detached family home which is situated on a popular and sought after residential road in Handsworth Wood. The property needs some internal improvements and comprises of an entrance hallway, spacious lounge, an open plan kitch..."
"An extended three bedroom bungalow with potential to develop further (subject to planning) the property is located on the popular Smirrells Road in Hall Green, situated close to local amenities and Yardley Wood Rail Station with links into Birmingham City Centre."
"THE HUDSON - Three bedroom, two storey end-terraced home with parking. Belgrave Village will combine the facilities of a town with the ambience of a village and is ideally located for those who want to stay local to central Birmingham but also seek more outside space and a suburban public realm."
"Situated in Castle Bromwich village this Freehold Detached residence is set well back from the roadway and offers good family size accommodation which must be viewed internally in order to be fully appreciated. Benefitting from gas fired radiator central heating, double glazing and a sec..."
"A traditional three bedroom mid terrace property, located on the prestigious Moor Pool estate. The property benefits from a spacious entrance hall, two receptions rooms, three bedrooms and a family bathroom Margaret's Grove sits proudly in this quiet residential area and enjoys an excell..."
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER THIS FREEHOLD MID TERRACE RESIDENCE WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE FROM THE NEW B'HAM CITY HOSPITAL,, COMPRISING: 5 BEDROOMS, 2 RECEPTION ROOMS, LOUNGE, RECEPTION HALLWAY, KITCHEN, DINING ROOM, CELLAR, UTILITY AREA, GROUND FLOOR BATHROOM, FIRST FLOOR SHOWER ROOM, CENTRAL HE..."
"HUNTERS ARE PLEASED TO OFFER THIS MODERN BUILT SEMI DETACHED RESIDENCE COMPRISING: 5 BEDROOMS, BEDROOM WITH EN SUITE, RECEPTION ROOM, HALLWAY, KITCHEN, LOUNGE, GUEST W/C, FIRST FLOOR BATHROOM WITH BATHROOM. 2ND FLOOR SHOWER ROOM, CENTRAL HEATED, DOUBLE GLAZED, GARAGE, EPC RATING C."
"COMPLETED and TENANTED perfect investment opportunity. The Axium is a contemporary new development on a 2.3-acre site located in the very heart of Birmingham. Located just south of Holloway Head, The Axium is just a few minutes' walk from Grand Central-New Street Station. "
Three bedroomed detached freehold cottage style family residence of immense charm and character located in sought after road providing scope for extension if required subject to appropriate consents. EP Rating. E
"Opulent, contemporary two bedroom apartment with breath-taking balcony view overlooking beautifully landscaped gardens, situated along the canal with just a 5 to 10 minute walk to the Business District, Restaurants and Bars. Exclusive Access to Residents-Only gym, Sauna, Cinema room and meeting room"
"An opportunity to purchase a family home situated in the sought after Handsworth Wood Area of Birmingham. The property has massive potential to extend to the side, being in close proximity to local schools, ammenities and Hamstead Train Station. It would make an ideal home for a growing family."
"STUNNING 5th floor penthouse style apartment with LUXURY open plan living, two DOUBLE bedrooms, floor to ceiling windows, UNDER FLOOR HEATING in bathroom, VIEWS towards St Paul's Square. This luxury two bedroom apartment is part of The Lightwell development, an exclusive collection of city cent..."
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire this three bedroom period property situated in the highly regarded Moor Pool Estate. The end-of-terraced property has fantastic potential for further improvement but is ready to move into with re-fitted kitchen and bathroom fixtures, newly installed boiler and l..."
"This stunning three bedroom semi-detached house in Sutton Coldfield has been recently extended and refurbished to create a perfect family home. It boasts a stylish lounge, a further versatile reception room, modern ground floor shower room with W.C, ..."
"Very well presented extended traditional family home with loft room, occupying a substantial corner plot. Accomodation briefly comprises of entrance hallway, two reception rooms, refitted extended breakfast kitchen, utility room, side garage,three good sized bedrooms, first floor refitted family ..."
"It is a privilege to offer this beautiful detached property located on a very desirable residential road off Grove Vale Avenue, Great Barr. The property benefits from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The very spacious interiors include an enclosed porch, welcoming en..."
"A well appointed two bedroom apartment situated in the brand new Pressworks Development in the heart of Birmingham's prestigious Jewellery Quarter. Unique and one of a kind, this brand new development is full of character and unique features."
"Opulent, contemporary two bedroom apartment with view overlooking beautifully landscaped gardens, situated along the canal with just a 5 to 10 minute walk to the Business District, Restaurants and Bars. Exclusive Access to Residents-Only gym, Sauna, Cinema room and meeting room"
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented three bedroom detached property situated ideally in the cul-de-sac location of St. Peters Close, B28. This property is ideal to move straight into and has further potential for extension (stpp)!"
"An ideal home for first time buyers! Check out the video tour for this two bedroom end of terrace home.
"
A spacious second floor two bedroom and two bathroom apartment within a newly built high specification development situated in prime Edgbaston. ...
"The chance to buy a 5 bedroom semi detached freehold house with off street parking. This deceptively spacious family home offers 2 reception rooms, good size hall way, kitchen and utility room with WC all on the ground floor. This truly fabulous three floored family home offers in brie..."
***DETACHED BUNGALOW***THREE BEDROOMS***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***KITCHEN WITH SEPARATE UTILITY ROOM***DOWNSTAIRS WC***OFF ROAD PARKING***DOUBLE GLAZING & CENTRAL HEATING***GARAGE***
Canal Views! Central Birmingham apartment. Earn huge capital appreciation and a strong rental yield. Situated a five minute walk away from the new HS2 Station and a ten minute walk into New Street Station. Call now to find out more.
A luxurious PENTHOUSE apartment with amazing City views situated in a fantastic location within the Mailbox having easy access to high end retailers and restaurants including Harvey Nicholls and Malmaison. Property benefits from 24h concierge service and secured PARKING space!
"***THREE BEDROOMS***SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE***UTILITY AREA***DOWNSTAIRS WC***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***GARAGE***OFF ROAD PARKING***CLOSE PROXIMITY TO PENNS PRIMARY SCHOOL***LOCATED CLOSE TO WYLDE GREEN SHOPS, BARS & RESTAURANTS***WITHIN 1 MILE OF CHESTER ROAD TRAIN STATION***ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN***VI..."
Goodmove present this seven bedroom house for a quick sale. The property is in need of modernisation in certain areas but it a fantastic development opportunity for a large family home or alternative investment. Situated in a highly desirable road within Edgbaston close to a range of lo...
"## NO UPWARD CHAIN## A beautifully presented link detached house situated in Coleshill Road, Water Orton, Birmingham. The property benefits from gas central heating and double glazing and in brief the accommodation comprises entrance hallway, ground floor WC, kitchen, lounge/diner, conservatory, ..."
"A wonderful, quintessential 2 bedroom character home on the well regarded Moor Pool estate. Approached via a generous, private frontage the property occupies an enviable plot which overlooks the Moor ..."
***SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME***SIX GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***KITCHEN & DINING ROOM***TWO BATHROOMS***AMPLE OFF-ROAD PARKING***POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***
"**LOVELY THREE BEDROOM MID-TERRACE HOME IN PRIME MOSELEY LOCATION!!** Offering to the market this lovely three bedroom, mid-terrace home on Farquhar Road in the popular Moseley Village located within easy reach of all of it's associated amenities including coffee shops, cafes, bars, restaurants, ..."
This superbly presented well extended three double bed detached property offers generous contemporary living within close proximity of the sought after shopping centres of nearby Boldmere and Wylde Green enjoying access to excellent transport links and desirable schools. With no onward chain and ...
"A DETACHED property with LOUNGE, DINING ROOM, FITTED KITCHEN, GROUND FLOOR W. C, FIVE BEDROOMS, UPSTAIRS FAMILY BATHROOM, REAR GARDEN and SPACIOUS DRIVEWAY for SEVERAL VEHICLES. Call our Residential Sales Team to get your viewing booked in on ."
"This well presented superbly appointed modern style two bed detached bungalow with en-suite shower room occupies a most sought after and convenient location set within close proximity of desirable transport links, local shops and schools. Offering the advantage of no onward chain and with accommo..."
"Maguire Jackson are pleased to market this stunning two bedroom, two bathroom apartment located on the 4th floor of the beautifully presented Lightwell development located in the heart of the business district Colmore Row. EPC Rating C "
"Large corner facing two bedroom two bathroom apartment, located in the heart of Birmingham city centre, The Axium. A contemporary new development on a 2.26-acre site located in the heart of Birmingham. Located just South of Holloway Head, The Axium is bounded by Windmill Street."
"This brand-new luxury two bedroom apartment is situated on the second floor of Birmingham City Centre?s most in-demand address, Lancaster Wharf, B4. The apartment offers a light and airy open plan living/kitchen area, integrated appliances, tiled family bathroom, two double bedrooms one en-suite,..."
"Large courtyard facing one bedroom one bathroom apartment, located in the heart of Birmingham city centre, The Axium. A contemporary new development on a 2.26-acre site located in the heart of Birmingham. Located just South of Holloway Head, The Axium is bounded by Windmill Street."
"This brand-new luxury two bedroom apartment with direct canal views is situated on the 16th floor of Birmingham City Centre?s most in-demand address, Lancaster Wharf, B4."
"LANCASTER WHARF | BRAND NEW DEVELOPMENT | Q2 2024 COMPLETION | INCREDIBLE FACILITIES | WALKING DISTANCE TO SNOW HILL ST., COLMORE ROW, BUSINESS DISTRICT | INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY | DEVELOPER WITH PROVEN TRACK RECORD | CONTACT DAVIDSON ESTATES FOR MORE DETAILS TODAY!"
"Introducing this bespoke, TWO-BEDROOM apartment at the heart of The Gothic. This unique home offers TWO BATHROOMS, a spacious master bedroom with a dressing area and an OPEN-PLAN kitchen/living area encased with ORIGINAL BEAMS."
"It’s all about open-plan living in our iconic three-bedroom Houghton. If its light and space you are after then look no further. The kitchen-diner offers ample space for all of the household, while the master bedroom features an en-suite and fitted wardrobe – perfect for"
"An exceptionally well maintained three bedroom semi detached property offering good sized family accommodation. Perfectly located close to all amenities including nearby shops, restaurants, Sutton Park, transport & access to the Midlands motorway links, plus schools. Accommodation briefly compr..."
"Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location, an ideal opportunity to purchase this impressive three bedroom extended semi-detached which must be viewed internally to be appreciated. The property benefits from gas central heating, double glazing and has the added attraction of a private landscaped...."
"Purplebricks Edington are pleased to offer this beautifully maintained four/ five-bedroom semi-detached home which benefits from having off road parking / garage within walking distance to local shops and schools. The property comprises of a front porch an entrance hallway, spacious front livi..."
***FANTASTIC INVESTMENT - SLEEPS FOUR STUDENTS - DAWLISH ROAD*** A fantastic opportunity to invest in this beautifully presented four bedroom student property set on a popular road in the heart of Selly Oak. There is easy access to the University of Birmingham and excellent transport lin...
"A beautifully presented and extended semi-detached family home situated in a popular location. Offering accommodation comprising two reception rooms, extended breakfast kitchen, utility, ground floor shower room, three/four bedrooms, family bathroom, separate W.C, large rear garden and driveway p..."
"An extended link detached property in a quiet cul-de-sac location benefitting from no upward chain, three bedrooms, lounge diner, breakfast kitchen, family bathroom, guest WC, utility area, South East facing rear garden, garage and off road parking"
Enquire to view floor plans today for this trendy new apartment in Birmingham which comes managed by a professional rental management company. Apartment is for buy to let or buy to live purposes. A390
"Maguire Jackson are excited to market this well-presented three bedroom apartment which is located in the ever-popular Beetham Tower development sitting on the thirty sixth floor in the heart of the City Centre. Concierge and great views across the City. Secure parking space, "
A traditional three bedroomed semi-detached house in need of some modernisation but situated in a delightful location within the Bournville Village Trust Estate. ...
"*** PRIME HARBORNE LOCATION *** THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY *** LOUNGE *** FITTED KITCHEN *** DINING ROOM *** FAMILY BATHROOM *** SECURE REAR GARDEN *** DRIVEWAY *** WALKING DISTANCE OF THE QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL, BIRMINGHAM UNIVERSITY *** CLOSE TO HARBORNE HIGHSTREET ***"
MINLEY AVENUE | 3 Bedrooms | Semi detached | Private rear garden | Driveway parking | NO CHAIN | Refurbished | Private Road
"Edwards & Gray Estate Agents are proud to offer for sale this immaculately presented four/five bedroom town house, situated in the sought after Nether Hall Park area of Great Barr with views over the central park. It is an ideal family home with spacious kitchen/diner and tw..."
"An above average size and well presented three bedroom Victorian style terrace house, well located for access to local schools and Kings Heath High Street shops and amenities. The property comprises: vestibule, hall, dining room, lounge, rear lobby, modern fitted kitchen and a downstairs bathr..."
"Welcome to this well presented two bedroom two bathroom mid terrace townhouse offering open plan living and with the luxury of two allocated parking spaces. A superb location, close to Harborne high street."
"**LARGE AND EXTENDED FAMILY HOME** **THREE BEDROOMS** **LOUNGE, DINING ROOM AREA, FAMILY ROOM AND KITCHEN DINING ROOM** **GROUND FLOOR WC AND UTILITY ROOM** **LOVELY REAR GARDEN WITH SUMMERHOUSE, DRIVEWAY AND GARAGE**"
"** GOOD SIZED PLOT ** CHAINS WELCOME ** DESIRABLE LOCATION ** Oakmans estate agents are delighted to bring a three-bedroom, semi-detached property to the market being sold with the tenants in situ. This attractive family home benefits from having a great sized garden with potential to ex..."
***NO CHAIN *** THREE BEDROOMS *** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED *** DESIRABLE LOCATION *** SUPERB TRANSPORT LINKS *** CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES ***
"It is a privilege to offer for sale this amazing opportunity to purchase a fabulous character property with huge potential! This spacious four bedroom semi detached family home is superb and offers many lovely features throughout to include an spacious hallway, generous front reception room, sepa..."
A Very Well Presented & Extended Semi Detached House In This Most Popular Locations In Hollywood
ARKELL WAY | 3 Bedrooms | 2 Bathrooms | Parking for 2 vehicles | Private rear garden | Freehold | No Chain
"This is an absolutely stunning property that has been considerably extended and improved by the current owner. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The interiors offer, enclosed porch leading into welcoming hallway, large stylish through lounge / diner, m..."
"A link detached property occupying a large corner plot offering huge scope for extension subject to the relevant planning consent with accommodation comprising in brief of lounge/dining room, extended kitchen, guest WC, utility room, ground floor bedroom/study with ensuite shower room, three f..."
"KLARICO Estate Agents would like to present this semi-detached property located within a popular part of Hall Green, Birmingham. Currently set up as a HMO but will be sold with vacant possession. Provides off-road parking for multiple vehicles."
"This is a wonderful extended freehold property that has been extended to produce superb family accommodation. The property is council tax band D and includes, electric reception door, entrance hall, guests cloakroom, stylish family lounge, dining room and ground floor wet room leading to a sup..."
"** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** EXTENDED TO REAR ** THREE BEDROOMS ** DRIVEWAY ** GARAGE ** This property has been modernised throughout creating a lovely open plan family living area. The property currently consists of a DRIVEWAY to the front and a shared driveway to the side, entrance hallway,..."
"This end terrace property briefly comprises three reception rooms, fitted kitchen, ground floor bathroom, first floor bathroom, four bedrooms, loft/study. Call our residential sales team today to get your interest registered and your viewing booked in on ."
*** ATTENTION BUY TO LET INVESTORS *** A fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom property on a popular road close to University of Birmingham and the QE Hospital. This property can currently sleep three students and has fantastic potential to develop the property subject to nec...
"This beautifully presented and characterful 3 bedroom semi detached home is located on one of Harborne's most highly regarded roads; Minley Avenue. This is a quiet road, popular with families with..."
"Hunters are pleased to market for sale with the benefit of NO UPWARD CHAIN this simply stunning and well arranged three bedroom semi detached bungalow, situated in a popular residential position, close to Wylde Green amenities, local schools, shops and restaurants. Viewing of the prop..."
"This well presented traditional style three bed semi detached property occupies an enviable and desirable location set within close proximity of many sought after amenities including desirable schools, nearby shops and a superior local transport system. Offering the advantage of no onward chain t..."
"This beautifully finished, two-bedroom apartment is located in a sought after development on Great Charles street. Boasting stunning features throughout, this two double bedroom apartment really has left no detail untouched, briefly comprising of; open plan kitchen/living space with fantastic fi..."
AMAZINGLY LOCATED 2 Bed 2 Bath TOP Floor Apartment | With Private Roof Terrace | With Allocated Parking inc. in Price | 2 Minutes Walk from Colmore Row Business District | NO CHAIN |READY TO MOVE IN! Call Davidson Estates to Arrange Viewing Today.
"EPC Rating C - Council Tax Band E Detached Family Home in a Cul-de-Sac Four Bedrooms Lounge and Separate Dining Room Re-Fitted Contemporary Kitchen Master Bedroom with en-suite Ground Floor WC Side Garage and Driveway Front, Side and Rear Gardens"
"Apartment 3, 25 Camden Drive is a stunning 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom duplex apartment on Camden Drive forming part of The Copperworks master development. Set over 952 sqft and offering double heighted ceilings to the open plan living/kitchen area the apartment is blessed with an abudence of natural..."
Extended Traditional Style Semi 4 Double Bedrooms (Two in Loft Room) Fantastic Extended Dining Kitchen Two Reception Rooms Family Bathroom Ground Floor WC Double Glazing Gas Central Heating System Rear Garden Council Tax Band C / EPC Rating E 
"An extremely well presented three bedroom semi detached property with accommodation comprising of Lounge with feature fireplace, kitchen diner, utility room, guest WC, converted garage to a study and storage area, family bathroom, off road parking and pleasant rear garden. Council Tax Ban..."
"This FREEHOLD house is a rare find within the City Centre as houses within this area are few and far between. Within walking distance to The Mailbox and Five Ways Train Station. With a GARDEN, TWO BATHROOMS, TWO BALCONIES, REAR GARAGE and ON ROAD PERMIT PARKING, this property ticks all the boxes!"
"Get In touch today and view floor plans for this Central Birmingham apartment. Requires minimal cash and projects maximum capital growth. Starting from £175,000! A387"
"A well presented traditional semi-detached property, situated in a convenient location close to the QE Hospital and the University of Birmingham. Benefitting from a modern kitchen, a lovely rear garden and a converted garage that provides a study space and wet room"
"A traditional style end townhouse in a delightful and popular tree-lined location. Central heating and partial double glazing as specified. Recessed porch, hall, living room, lobby with cloaks/store, fitted cloaks/WC, re-fitted kitchen, conservatory, three bedrooms, refitted shower room/WC and ga.."
Minimum 35% Deposit Requiredon premium Birmingham apartments located in the Jewellery Quarter with amazing city centre views. A388
Birmingham Buy to Let Investment: Earn huge capital appreciation on these Birmingham apartments located 16 mins from New Street Station. A992
"Welcome to this fantastically renovated three bedroom semi detached home. The property offers Over 1000 Sq ft of accommodation consisting of new kitchen and bathroom, spacious living room, well proportioned bedrooms and integral garage, plus well maintained garden to the rear and driveway access ..."
*** MODERN BUILD *** NO CHAIN *** DETACHED *** GARAGE *** DRIVEWAY *** EN-SUITE *** Looking for a modern style property situated in Castle Bromwich then look no further. This DETACHED property has the benefit of a block paved DRIVEWAY for multiple vehicles with an ELECTRIC VEHICLE CHARG...
"A SUBSTANTIAL TRADITIONAL STYLE PROPERTY within a POPULAR LOCATION having THREE BEDROOMS and a SPACIOUS LOFT ROOM. Benefitting from a GOOD SIZE REAR GARDEN and an EXTENDED DINING KITCHEN. Briefly comprising: GROUND FLOOR: PORCH, HALLWAY, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, DINING KITCHEN, UTILITY ROOM, CLOAKROO..."
"Dixons are pleased to present this LARGE and immaculately presented 4-Double Bedroom characteristic semi-detached property in Erdington, perfect for a growing family. The property features contemporary interior décor, which highlights the Victorian features throughout. The prop..."
"NEW RESIDENTIAL UNITS FROM £174,995. Minimum rental income of £13,950 per year. View floor plans today! A389"
"A well presented five bedroom family home with great access to great schools, parks, playing fields and amenities and easy access to Birmingham. There is parking on the driveway, a single garage, private back patio and garden that is made for entertaining guests or the kids...."
"Set in one of Edgbaston's most prestigious locations this exceptionally presented, well-proportioned 2 bedroom 2 bathroom apartment is ideally located close to Five Ways rail station. This apartment is arranged as an open living space with the accommodation itself extending in all to over 1200 sq..."
"View floor plans today for this apartment! Prices start from £100,000 in a brand-new Birmingham development only 900m from the Bullring shopping centre.B616"
"* Five Bedroom Detached House – Extended – Freehold - Potential Home Office – Potential Gym – Unique And Versatile *** This property is a stunning extended five bedroom detached home, sat on an envious position at the end of the road. The home has been thoughtfully and sympathetically ex..."
"Offered for sale with NO CHAIN this beautifully presented Edwardian/Victorian larger style four double bedroom home is a delight to the eyes, configured to offer a contemporary twist on a both characterful and expansive family home that is bound to delight any prospective purchaser. The property..."
"** VERY WELL PRESENTED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PERIOD HOME ** This four bedroom semi detached home is set in a very sought after road in Acocks Green & briefly comprises, entrance hallway, two reception rooms, breakfast kitchen , family bathroom, four bedrooms, off road parking, rear garde..."
"New build investment opportunity! Stunning 1 and 2-bedroom residential apartments for sale in Central Birmingham from £220,000. A384"
"New Launch - Where else can you invest in completed and tenanted property in Birmingham for £299,995? Receive a forecast rental income from £4,250 per year. View floor plans today! A385"
"BACK TO MARKET: City centre view apartments located in Birmingham with only £34,500cash required to own the property.Projected rental income starts from £11,450.A988"
"A beautifully appointed two bedroom, two bathroom apartment in the sought after Treasure House development situated in the heart of the Jewellery Quarter"
*** SEMI DETACHED ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MULTIPLE RECEPTION ROOMS ** DOWNSTAIRS AND UPSTAIRS BATHROOMS ** CONVERTED GARAGE ** LOW MAINTENANCE REAR GARDEN ** DRIVEWAY ** GREAT LOCATION ***
"Well Presented & Extended Semi Detached Residence, Comprising Of FOUR BEDROOMS, Two En-Suites, Lounge, Dining Room & Generous Size Breakfast Kitchen, Offered With NO UPWARDS CHAIN."
*** SEMI-DETACHED *** THREE BEDROOMS AND A LOFT ROOM *** THREE RECEPTION ROOMS *** KITCHEN (CONVERTED GARAGE) *** GROUND FLOOR SHOWER ROOM *** FAMILY BATHROOM *** FRONT AND REAR GARDENS *** VERY GENEROUS DRIVEWAY *** DOUBLE GLAZED *** CENTRALLY HEATED *** VIEWING ESSENTIAL ***
"An extended and beautifully presented four bedroom semi-detached house, offered with new flooring and carpet throughout, new external doors, an open plan ground floor incorporating a lounge, dining area, family area and kitchen, good-sized rear garden , off road parking and a garage, situated ..."
"A fantastic opportunity has arisen to purchase family home that offers a superb space on this leafy road in Moseley. Being ideally located for access into both Kings Heath and Moseley with all of their respective amenities but also well placed for the nearby transport links to the QE Hospital, Bi..."
"Paul Carr Estate Agents are delighted to bring to market, with no upward chain, this three-bedroom detached bungalow located on Jill Avenue, a quiet cul- de- sac location within Great Barr. The property offers good living space but also further potential to extend/develop, whilst offering an exce..."
"Save on your utility bills with an energy efficient new home just like the spacious Huxley home at Frankley Green, with no need to retro-fit or renovate!"
"An outstanding two bedroom property available in The Fazeley, nestled between the tranquil canal-side and vibrant Jewellery Quarter this is not a property to be missed. The development's stunning canal-side location, just minutes from the Colmore Business District and prime transport hu..."
"Maguire Jackson are pleased to offer to market this unique and rare opportunity to purchase this circa 1300 SQFT duplex apartment located in the heart of the Jewellery quarter and benefitting from two secure allocated parking spaces, being offered with no upward chain "
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this spacious three bedroom link-detached property situated conveniently on Falstaff Avenue, Hollywood, B47. This property has the benefit of having immense potential throughout and is being sold CHAIN FREE!"
HISTORICAL BUILDING | Secured Parking Space | Two Bedrooms | Two bathrooms | Colmore Business District | Walking distance to Paradise Circus and the Jewellery Quarter | NO CHAIN | Call us to arrange a viewing TODAY! |
2 Bedroom | 2 Bathroom | Third Floor | 900 Square Foot | Private Terrace | 24 Hour Concierge | Residents only Gym | Allocated Parking | Service Charge TBC | £250 Ground Rent | Lease 204 Years | 0.4 Miles from Birmingham New Street | 0.4 Miles from Birmingham Moor Street | This 2...
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented extended three bedroom semi-detached property situated on Lulworth Road, Birmingham, B28. This property has been heavily improved throughout and viewing is highly recommended!"
"This well-presented and spacious home is an excellent fit for young families. With an abundance of living space and a fantastic large rear garden, this three-bedroom detached home is the perfect opportunity. Situated in a sought-after location, in a quiet cul-de-sac, close to a range of local ame..."
This well presented superbly located three bed semi-detached property occupies a most convenient cul-de-sac location set near to Boldmere Primary School and within close proximity of Boldmere high street amenities and public transport links. Offering the advantage of no onward chain the accommoda...
"Centrick is proud to bring to the market a stunning 2 bedroom 2 bathroom apartment located in Priory House, Gooch Street North, Birmingham. This 819 sqft apartment boasts its own private terrace running the full length of the apartment. Build now complete and ready to move in."
"*** Three Bedrooms - Lounge - Kitchen - Downstairs Bathroom *** Located on a popular road in Selly Oak is this three bedroom property situated ideally for local amenities . To the ground floor there are two reception rooms, kitchen and bathroom, with the first floor having three further ..."
"A lovely THREE BEDROOM apartment (1240 Sq Ft) located on the 36TH FLOOR in the popular Beetham Tower development. The property offers in brief, entrance hallway with integrated storage, open plan living / kitchen area with integrated appliances, master bedroom with en suite, two further bedrooms. "
"This traditional style extended three bedroom semi-detached property occupies a convenient and coveted location set within close proximity of desirable amenities and transport links at nearby Boldmere, New Oscott and beyond. With accommodation including a breakfast kitchen, separate reception roo..."
"Located on the second floor, this corner plot, two-bedroom, two-bathroom apartment is situated within the brand new Snow Hill Wharf development! A spacious balcony, no upward chain and access to residents only facilities are only a few of the great things this apartment has to offer!"
A long- standing student investment property in a prime location with development potential. Currently tenanted for the academic year.  
***SEMI DETACHED***FOUR BEDROOMS***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***TWO BATHROOMS***OFF ROAD PARKING***DOUBLE GLAZING***CENTRAL HEATING***NO CHAIN***
"*** ATTENTION INVESTORS *** SLEEPS FOUR STUDENTS *** A fantastic opportunity to purchase a property on a prime student road within Selly Oak. The property is currently let to four students with one bathroom and offers potential to develop, subject to necessary planning permissions. Situa..."
"THIS FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME IS OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN. The property retains period features and includes two reception rooms, a kitchen diner, first floor bathroom, a delightful rear garden and a driveway to the front. EPC Rating D. Council Tax Band D."
"Acres are delighted to offer for sale this wonderful modern town house, that is freehold and council tax band E. Situated in the village of Water Orton and occupying a cul de sac location this really is a beautiful property. The interiors enjoy entrance hall, stylish family lounge opening..."
A truly stunning 3 bedroom apartment in the highly regarded and well located Lexington Gardens. This wonderful home occupies an elevated position with a panoramic view of the city centre in...
**GARDEN OFFICE** An exceptionally spacious three/four bedroom semi-detached home situated in this quiet location with lovely countryside views to the front and within a short walk to both Holywell Primary School and Waseley Hills High School. The property benefits from accommodation ...
**LAST FEW UNITS REMAINING** A superb two bedroom apartment in the brand new Reliance Works. A beautifully restored three storey Grade II listed building comprising nine well appointed one- and two-bedroom apartments offering classic Georgian styling and exquisitely designed interiors situated i...
*Now taking off-plan reservations!* Gunsmith House will offer 85 stylish one and two bedroom apartments in a central Birmingham location.
"A very stylish & luxury two bedroom apartment with generous living space located in the sought after Timber Yard Development, access to exclusive residents' gym & club lounge. Located in the heart of the Chinese Quarter, close to Birmingham's financial district, Grand Central, Bullring &a..."
"BLACK AND GOLDS ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this spacious three bedroom link-detached property situated ideally on Lynbrook Close, Hollywood, B47. This property has immense potential throughout and has the benefit of being sold CHAIN FREE!"
This property is for sale by Modern Method of Auction. The Modern Method of Auction is a flexible buyer friendly method of purchase. The purchaser will have 56 working days to exchange and complete once the draft contract has been issued by the vendors solicitor. Allowing the additional time to e...
"EXTENDED AND MUCH IMPROVED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY. IDEALLY LOCATED close to many amenities to include shops, schools, motorway connections, public transport links providing easy access to Birmingham City Centre, QE Hospital and Birmingham University. The property briefly comprises re..."
A former Victorian warehouse converted into super stylish two bedroom apartment finished to a high standard located within a short walk to the centre of Birmingham surrounding amenities and transport links.
"SUPERB, improved and EXTENDED 4 bed semi detached in SOUGHT AFTER TREE LINED ROAD, with DRIVE and GARAGE, Offering EXTENDED 18FT lounge, SEPARATE dining room, 13FT FITTED breakfast kitchen, 3 first floor beds & bathroom, LOFT CONVERSION/Bed 4 with EN-SUITE bathroom. LOVELY rear garden. DG &am..."
"*** MODERN DETACHED HOME ** IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT ** CLOSE TO SCHOOLS *** Parkfield Drive Is Located Within The Popular, Desirable District Of Castle Bromwich Which Benefits From Many And Varied Amenities Close At Hand To Include Local Shops, Schooling For All Ages (Specifically The So..."
***SPACIOUS SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***KITCHEN/DINING ROOM***THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS***FAMILY BATHROOM***WELL MAINTAINED REAR GARDEN***OFF-ROAD PARKING & GARAGE***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***
"Priced attractively nearly £50,000 below the true value, this exceptional two bedroom, two bathroom apartment is located within the newly built Snow Hill Wharf development, built by St Joseph's Homes. Boasting a spacious sit out balcony, ample storage and a great central location. All with t..."
"Maguire Jackson are excited to market this outstanding and spacious two bedroom ground floor apartment with two terraces and a tandem parking space for two cars, the apartment is finished to a high specification and has some lovely features such as bi fold doors leading onto a private terrace"
"*FANTASTIC STUDENT PROPERTY INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY* Introducing this student property located on the popular Tiverton Road in the heart of Selly Oak, offering accommodation briefly comprising of; three bedrooms, modern bathroom, lounge, kitchen. The property offers development p..."
"NEWTON FALLOWELL are delighted to market this well presented, detached family home opportunity. The property is situated in a popular location with nearby schools and transport links positioned in a cul-de-sac. Comprising of a kitchen, spacious lounge, conservatory, downstairs W.C, four bedroom w..."
"Direct Housing are pleased to offer for sale this newly refurbished semi detached spacious property, which lends itself well as a good strong family home or as a solid investment. Being situated in this very desirable area, boasting great schools, good transport links to the city centre with ..."
"** THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY *** LOUNGE *** FITTED KITCHEN *** FAMILY BATHROOM ** SECURE REAR GARDEN *** CONSERVATORY *** DRIVEWAY *** CLOSE TO HARBORNE VILLAGE ** COMMUTABLE DISTANCE TO THE QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL, BIRMINGHAM UNIVERSITY & STATION **"
"**EWS1 FORM GRANTED** A superb penthouse apartment in one of the city centre's most unique and sought after developments. Boasting over 1560 square feet of accommodation, a large open plan living/dining/kitchen are complimented by two double bedrooms, bathroom and ensuite, with the luxury of TWO ..."
"OPEN HOUSE SATURDAY 15TH OCTOBER 2022 - 10PM TO 12PM - by appointment only! Here is a house that must be viewed to be appreciated. With a TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, OFF ROAD PARKING, GARAGE, and LARGE REAR GARDEN this property ticks all the boxes! The location is popular with amenities nearby. "
"Paul Carr Estate Agents are pleased to offer this extended four bedroom semi detached family home which is situated within a sought after cul de sac location in Handsworth Wood. This well presented property comprises of a porch entrance, hallway, spacious open plan lounge / diner, bedroom / famil..."
"A beautifully presented extended FOUR BEDROOM semi detached property in a wonderful location off Quinton Road West and within walking distance to local amenities. This deceptively spacious family home briefly comprises: porch, entrance hall, through lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen, ..."
"**LARGE AND RENOVATED FAMILY HOME** **MODERN HIGH SPEC KITCHEN AND BATHROOM** **FOUR BEDROOMS** **THREE RECEPTION FAMILY ROOMS** **GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY** **VERY MUCH SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION, CLOSE TO SHOPS, SCHOOLS AND PLACES OF WORSHIP**"
"Extended and Refurbished FOUR BEDROOM semi detached situated on Robin Hood Lane having large rear garden, driveway parking to front, two reception rooms, modern kitchen and refitted bathroom. No Upward Chain."
"*** NEW BUILD RETIREMENT VILLAGE *** 72 luxury apartments sit within beautiful communal gardens. Residents can enjoy independent living with care and support as and when needed, there are a huge range of activities and amenities on site, including a bistro, bar, lounge, hairdresser, craft r..."
"Dixons are proud to present this fantastic two bedroom appartment. Offering a private escape from city centre life, this contemporary two bedroom apartment is located less than a 10 minute walk from Birmingham New Street station. Timber Yard offers plenty of space for residents to relax, with ame..."
"Comprised of one-, two- and three-bedroom apartments and spacious duplex apartments, This development is situated a short walk from Brindley place and is surrounded by landscaped garden with seating and social space, perfect for a new style of living."
"This well presented detached family home is located within a popular location within a sought after area, being ideally placed for easy access to good local schools and amenities. The accommodation, in brief, comprises of a kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, lounge/diner, downstairs guest clo..."
"ENLARGED FAMILY HOME IN KINGS NORTON WITH VERSATILE LIVING ARRANGEMENTS & CURRENTLY ARRANGED WITH A ""5th Bedroom"" ON THE GROUND FLOOR - Benefiting from Driveway Parking, Two Shower Rooms and Downstairs WC - EP RATING - D"
"*BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED * THREE STOREY TOWN HOUSE * THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS * EN-SUITE* Oakmans offer a beautifully presented three double bedroom town house, offering spacious accommodation over three floors, located on the desirable Tower View, The Oaks Development, the property is situat..."
"Extended Semi Detached Property offered with no upward chain in a sought after location in Sutton Coldfield. Off road parking, Porch and entrance hall, Garage converted into office room, Living room and separate dining room, Modern fitted kitchen, Utility, Downstairs WC, Three good sized bedro..."
"** CHARACTERFUL TOP-FLOOR APARTMENT ** TWO BATHROOMS ** CITY CENTRE LOCATION ** GRADE 2 LISTED ** Oakmans estate agents are delighted to present a two-bedroom, top-floor apartment located in the historic Newton Chambers on Cannon Street, Birmingham. This unique property was formerly two ..."
"Invest from £174,995 and earn projected rental returns of 5% on these new Birmingham apartments. View floor plans today! A381"
This well proportioned three bed detached bungalow occupies a convenient and coveted location set within close proximity of nearby Wylde Green shopping centre and it's desirable schools and transport links. Offering the advantage of no onward chain the accommodation briefly comprises 3 bedroo...
"The Windermere has a modern open-plan kitchen/diner, well-proportioned living room and three good-sized bedrooms. The top floor bedroom has the bonus of a spacious en suite. The enclosed porch, downstairs cloakroom, two storage cupboards and off-road parking mean it's practical as well as stylish."
A well presented and spacious five bedroom terraced property situated in popular residential part of Sparkhill. The property has lots of potential for families or investors due to its size and layout. Situated in a convenient residential location having access to local amenities such as shops a...
"This traditional style detached house occupies a popular location close to local amenities including shops, bars and restaurants in Boldmere and New Oscott, with local schools in the vicinity, within walking distance of Chester Road train station, with public transport on hand. The property co..."
"VIEWINGS RECOMMENDED FOR THIS DETACHED FAMILY RESIDENCE SITUATED IN THIS LOVELY LOCATION OFF WOODTHORPE ROAD. This property comprises of a Living Room, Kitchen, Conservatory, Utility Area, Three Bedrooms, Shower Room, Off Road Parking, Garage and Rear Garden. EP Rating D. Council Tax D."
"ONE OF A KIND! This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom DETACHED property in a GREAT location! An investors dream with POTENTIAL TO EXTEND (STPP)! Easy Access to to the local hospital (Heartlands), close to transport routes into the city centre and shops/amenities!"
This well proportioned characterful three double bed period end terrace occupies a most convenient and coveted location close to Wylde Green shopping centre and primary school enjoying a superior local transport network both road and rail. Retaining many original period features the accommodation...
"Occupying a convenient and sought after location this much extended well presented three bed semi detached property offers no onward chain and excellent accommodation comprising a generous lounge, separate dining room and breakfast kitchen with three well proportioned bedrooms and a contemporary ..."
A spacious two double bedroom detached bungalow residence enjoying a corner plot within this very popular cul-de-sac close to Lickey Hills country park while also being a stones throw of Lickey Hill Golf course. The property is also well located for access to Rubery Village for a range of shops a...
"Looking for that perfect family home? Well Purplebricks are delighted to bring to market this stunning and well proportioned three bedroom detached house. The house enjoys a well balanced accommodation over two floors, benefitting from a porch leading to a large entrance hallway, dining room w..."
"This beautifully presented, four bedroom, semi-detached home; laid out over three floors offering flexible and spacious family living. The property is situated in a sought after and modern development within Cofton Hackett. The property is approached via a two car driveway, pathway, and an ope..."
"FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED THREE STOREY TOWN HOUSE IN A CONVENIENT LOCATION WITH FRONT SIDE CANAL VIEWS , CLOSE DISTANCE TO AMENTIES, TRANSPORT LINKS AND SCHOOLS Off road parking , Entrance hall , Sitting room , Guest WC , Kitchen , Living room with balcony over looking the canal , Two bathrooms, ..."
"**** LARGE GARDEN *** TANDEM GARAGE *** Semi Detached Family Home in a sought after location briefly comprising, Two Receptions Rooms, Kitchen, Three Bedrooms and Bathroom. The property further benefits from Tandem Garage, Multiple Off Road Parking, Front and Rear Gardens,"
"Purplebricks Erdington are pleased to offer this beautifully maintained three-bedroom semi-detached home which benefits from having off road parking / garage within walking distance to local shops and schools. The property comprises of a large entrance hallway, front living room with tradition..."
This two bedroom mid-terraced property is situated in a prime location just off the Harborne High Street. Schools such as Harborne Primary School and the private Blue Coat School are within walking distance to the property and the redeveloped Queens Elizabeth Hospital is in driving distance.
"A unique detached family home filled with lots of charm and character. Offering spacious accommodation in need of modernisation, allowing a buyer the opportunity to create their dream family home"
"The substantially extended, three bedroomed, freehold link detached residence located in a popular residential area and offering vacant possession/no upward chain. EP Rating F."
***SPACIOUS PERIOD FAMILY HOME. FIVE GOOD SIZE BEDROOMS AND THREE RECEPTION ROOMS ALSO BENEFITS FROM A CELLAR***
"This unique two double bedroom detached bungalow occupies an enviable and convenient location close to the shopping centres at Boldmere, Wylde Green and beyond with exceptional transport links nearby. With accommodation including a well proportioned lounge, contemporary dining kitchen, bathroom a..."
"** HIGH QUALITY FINISH THROUGHOUT ** EXTENDED KITCHEN DINER ** CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION ** Oakmans estate agents are delighted to present an immaculate three bedroom, extended family home to the market. This stunning property has been completely refurbished throughout and has numerous benefit..."
"A beautifully presented, double fronted mid terraced property in a popular location. Must be viewed."
This is an absolutely stunning detached bungalow in a fantastic cul-de-sac position set in a quite location off the Newton Road. The property sits in a large plot with plenty of potential for extension (STPP). Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The inte...
***SEMI DETACHED***THREE BEDROOM***LOUNGE***KITCHEN***CONSERVATORY***OFF ROAD PARKING***DOUBLE GLAZING***CENTRAL HEATING***
EPC Rating - E Detached Family Home Three Double Bedrooms Extended Rear Reception Room Kitchen and Utility Area Garage Gas Fired Central Heating System Mainly Double Glazed Mature Rear Garden Driveway No Upward Chain 
"*INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY * GREAT LOCATION* Oakmans offer a traditional terraced property in a great location within Selly Oak. Based on George Road near to the University of Birmingham & Queen Elizabeth Hospital, the property offers 4 bedrooms over 3 floors and is currently let ..."
***UNEXPECTIDLY BACK ONTO THE MARKET*** Dixons are pleased to present this stunning four bedroom family home situated in a prime location on the Oldbury/Quinton boarder. The property has lots of character and has recently been modernised and offers fantastic space and potential. Viewin...
"Spacious three bedroom semi with large rear garden, requiring modernisation and wonderfully located at the foot of the Lickey Hills. Cofton Hackett itself has many fine walks to be enjoyed in the Lickey woods and Cofton Park. There are some local shops, with the M42 and M5 motorways links nearby..."
A well presented four bedroom family home situated in a sought after area of Great Barr and having been much improved by the current owners. Benefitting from a refitted kitchen and bathroom and having been redecorated. This home is offered with no upward chain.
"Purple Bricks are pleased to market this beautiful property, positioned perfectly in the heart of Wylde Green and close to all amenities including, shops, restaurants, and cross-city line station. This very stylish and beautifully presented property benefits from double glazing and gas central ..."
"A stunning family home, which has been vastly extended and modernised throughout giving it a modern and contemporary finish throughout. The property has a stunning open plan kitchen / family room which is the real hub of this family home and a master bedroom with a fantastic roof terrace. The pro..."
"***INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - POTENTIAL TO DEVEOP - SELF CONTAINTED UNITS*** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic investment opportunity. Situated within walking distance to local amenities, transport links into Birmingham City Centre and nearby schools. The plot compris..."
" An excellent opportunity to purchase this well-presented and extended, four bedroom, semi-detached family home, situated on the popular Lindsworth residential area of Kings Norton.The property is approached via a block paved driveway for parking two cars comfortably. Once inside the property is..."
"VIEWINGS RECOMMNEDED FOR THIS FOUR BEDROOM END OF TERRACE RESIDENCE situated in this convinent location within close proximety of Kings Heath High Street. This property comprises of Entrance Hallway, Through Lounge, Kitchen, Downstairs W.C, Four Bedrooms, Bathroom, Shower Room and Seperate W.C a..."
"*** FIVE BEDROOMS *** IDEAL FAMILY HOME *** Dixons are proud to present this well pretend extended semi-detached property on the popular Manor House Lane, Yardley. An ideal family home situated close to local schools, shops and transport links. Briefly comprising hallway, through lounge, kit..."
An extended three bedroom semi-detached property set on a very popular tree lined road in Quinton. This immaculate extended and refurbished family home offers no chain and is a must view. Call Connells Harborne today to book your viewing!
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a spacious detached house situated in a popular part of Hall Green. The property would be a great opportunity for first time buyers, families or investors. Its close to local amenities such as shops and schools, within easy reach of Spring Road or Olton rail ..."
"*** Investment Opportunity * Four Studio Flats * Tenancies in Place * Fantastic Location *** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic investment property located on Roman Way, Edgbaston. This property is within close proximity of the Queen Elizabeth Hospital, University of Birmingha..."
This licensed HMO currently houses 6 tenants in 6 double bedrooms. Occupying a desirable location in a residential area close to local amenities and transport links allowing easy transportation to Birmingham city centre and beyond. The property currently achieves a combined monthly rent of £...
"This is an incredible opportunity to purchase a spacious detached property ideally located for many amenities, local schooling and access to motorways. Benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating (both where specified). The stunning interiors include enclosed porch, entrance hall, beau..."
***THREE BEDROOMS***MASTER ENSUITE***KITCHEN/DINER WITH BI-FOLD DOORS***GUEST CLOAKROOM***GOOD SIZED REAR GARDEN***SINGLE GARAGE TO REAR***CLOSE TO MOTORWAY LINKS***MUST BE VIEWED***
"Viewing is highly recommended for this three bed semi detached property located on the popular Hannon Road, situated close to local amenities such as shops and schools and offering good travel links into Kings Heath High Street, The Maypole and M42 & M5."
"A spacious end terrace property with accommodation over three floors. Situated in a highly convenient location close to Bearwood High Street, with views of Lightwoods Park. Also benefitting from a rear garage and off road parking"
"A STUNNING 3 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME in a VERY POPULAR LOCATION with STYLISH MODERN DECOR THROUGHOUT and a LARGE FAMILY LOUNGE, SPACIOUS KITCHEN DINER, 2 CAR DRIVEWAY, GARAGE and so MUCH MORE!!!"
"Walking distance to City Centre, Five Ways & New Street Station * Spacious lounge * Downstairs WC * Kitchen/diner * 2 double bedrooms * Bathroom with separate cubicle and shower over bath * Off road parking * Rear patio garden * Gas central heating * Freehold"
CALTHORPE MANSIONS | Refurbished to a high standard | Two Bedrooms | Two Bathrooms | Parking | No Chain
"A spacious and well presented three/four bedroom detached house, offered with no upward chain, a good-sized lounge/diner, kitchen, optional study or fourth bedroom with a shower room, large family bathroom, low maintenance rear garden and off road parking, situated in Rubery, Birmingham.
"
"Dixons are pleased to present this four bedroom detached property in Pype Hayes. The property is well presented and spacious throughout and is ideally located close to nearby amenities, parks and schools, as well has benefitting from transport links into Birmingham City Centre and motorway links..."
This spectacular two-bedroom apartment is located in the luxurious New Hampton Lofts development. This apartment benefits from an open plan living and dining area with extremely large windows letting in plenty of light and direct access to the large private terrace. The apartment has been recentl...
"THIS SUBSTANTIALLY EXTENDED FIVE BEDROOM PROPERTY IS SITUATED within a quiet cul-de-sac and provides excellent family sized accommodation. Includes three reception rooms, a stunning modern style kitchen, upstairs and downstairs shower rooms, a low maintenance rear garden and a driveway. EPC ..."
"A well-presented 3 bedroom detached house placed on a corner plot. The property briefly consists: Spacious entrance hall giving access to the guest W.C. Lounge with feature fireplace and bow window to the front of the property. The kitchen/diner has a range of units and cupboards, inset sink, ..."
Genesis City are delighted to introduce this 2 bedroom apartment close to Birmingham City Centre 
"5% gross projected rental returns on these Central Birmingham buy to let apartments. 1, 2 and 3-bedrooms available with high capital growth. A987"
"Two Bedroom Detached Bungalow in Private and Secluded Setting AH0358
"
Burchell Edwards are proud to offer you this beautiful three double bedroom semi-detached property with no upwards chain. This stunning family home is spacious throughout offering plenty of living space for the modern day family but also provides so much further potential for further extension (STPP
An immaculately presented traditional mid-terraced property situated in this sought after location in the heart of Harborne Village. The property provides spacious and traditional internal living accommodation with a host of retained original features and an extended kitchen breakfast room to the...
"Central Birmingham apartments located in prime B1 postcode from just £175,000! View a completely free info pack today by getting in touch with us! B520"
"THIS ELEGANT TRADITIONAL MID TERRACE PROPERTY PROVIDES contemporary living, set within a period home. Accommodation includes three double bedrooms, two reception rooms, a stunning open plan dining kitchen, a first floor shower room and bathroom. An ideal family home which must be viewed to be app..."
***PRIME LOCATION FOR WYLDE GREEN***DETACHED***NO CHAIN***2/3 BEDROOMS***OFF ROAD PARKING***VIEWING ESSENTIAL***
"The David Cox House is probably one of the oldest homes in Harborne and was home to the celebrated artist David Cox, who resided there for approximately 18 years in the 19th century. Call Harborne experienced residential sales team today to get your viewing booked in on ."
"** HARBORNE LOCATION ** REFURBISHED EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY ** THROUGH LOUNGE DINER ** FITTED KITCHEN ** DINING ROOM ** FAMILY BATHROOM ** SECURE REAR GARDEN ** DRIVEWAY ** WALKING DISTANCE OF THE QUEEN ELIZABETH HOSPITAL, BIRMINGHAM UNIVERSITY ** CLOSE TO HARBORNE VILLAGE **"
"An extended and particularly well presented three double bedroom semi-detached house, offered with a large open plan lounge and dining room, kitchen, modern family shower room, south-facing rear garden with a substantially built bar and shed, and off road parking with a garage for storage..."
"***DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS, IMMACULATELY PRESENTED EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME***FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS***LOUNGE WITH FEATURE BURNER***STUNNING KITCHEN/FAMILY ROOM WITH UNDERFLOOR HEATING***GUEST W.C.***STYLISH FAMILY BATHROOM***GOOD SIZE PRIVATE REAR GARDEN***GARDEN ROOM, IDEAL FOR GYM OR H..."
"*** Semi-Detached Family Home with Fantastic Potential * Stunning Newly Fitted Kitchen * Conveniently Situated Next to Lickey Hill Golf Course * Garage *** Oakmans are delighted to offer this fantastic three bedroom family home situated on Bilberry Drive, Rubery. Ideally situated next to..."
"Located in the exciting and vibrant Chinatown district of Birmingham's busy city centre is Madison House, a progressive new build development of 141 apartments offered with spacious living areas, sleek communal areas and state of the art appliances. Madison House is a short walk from the Bullring..."
A student investment property in short range of Queen Elizabeth Hospital comprised of a four bedroom share and additional annex for one tenant. Fully let.  
"A well presented & extended semi detached family home with three bedrooms, two reception rooms, extended dining kitchen opening to study area, four piece family bathroom, guest WC, West facing rear garden with brick built home office/gym and off road parking"
An immaculately presented traditional mid-terraced property situated in this sought after location in the heart of Harborne Village. The property provides spacious and traditional internal living accommodation with a host of retained original features and an extended kitchen breakfast room to the..
**LAST FEW UNITS REMAINING** A spacious two bedroom duplex apartment in the brand new Reliance Works. A beautifully restored three storey Grade II listed building comprising nine well appointed one- and two-bedroom apartments offering classic Georgian styling and exquisitely designed interiors s...
"Purplebricks Great Barr are pleased to offer this beautifully maintained three-bedroom detached home which benefits from having off road parking / garage within walking distance to local shops and schools.  The property comprises of an entrance hallway with guest W-C and under-stairs storage, la..."
***EXTENDED FAMILY HOME***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***KITCHEN BREAKFAST/DINING AREA***FOUR BEDROOMS***BATHROOM & SHOWER ROOM***OFF-ROAD PARKING***WELL MAINTAINED REAR GARDEN***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***NO UPWARD CHAIN***
"Six Bedrooms, Two Receptions & Two Wet Rooms With Gated Front Drive"
"A Freehold Commercial and Residential Mixed Use Investment Current Gross Income: £2310 PCM/ £27,720 P.A"
No upward chain - Three bedroom family home with garage & driveway
"View floor plans today!Brand-new Birmingham apartments 5 minutes from O2 Academy. Prices start from £174,995. A376"
Jewellery Quarter 1 and 2-bedroom apartments in Birmingham 680m from train station. A375
Luxury residential apartments under 100m from popular bars and restaurants in a brand-new development. View floor plans today! A377
CAPITAL GROWTH OPPORTUNITY: Earn maximum capital appreciation on these luxury Birmingham investments. A986
"Earn 21.7% price appreciation by 2024 by investing in B1 City Centre, luxury apartments. Starting from just £175,000. A374"
An superbly presented traditional mid-terraced property situated in this highly desirable location in the heart of Harborne Village. The property provides spacious internal living accommodation with a range of high specification fixtures and fittings throughout including an excellent kitchen brea...
"Apple Property Solutions are Pleased to Offer this Extended, Well Presented Semi-Detached Property For Sale. Situated in a Popular Residential Location, Close to Local Amenities, Transport Links and Schooling. The Property Benefits from Block Paved Drive, Porch, Reception Hall, Spacious Through Loun"
*** Townhouse***Rent Proof are proud to present this 2 Bedroom Townhouse in the heart of Jewellery Quarter. The boosts a lot of character with fantastic features.A MUST VIEW TO BE APPRECIATED!!!
"A lovely 2 BEDROOM 2 BATH apartment (687sqf) is located on the THIRD FLOOR in a new built Snow Hill Wharf development in the heart of Birmingham. The apartment offers a modern open plan living/dining and kitchen area with custom designed high gloss kitchen, integrated appliances and tiled bathroom. "
"*SHOW APARTMENT AVAILABLE TO VIEW* READY TO MOVE IN NOW - this LUXURY 2nd floor apartment, 811 sqft, SPACIOUS open plan living. Concierge, private gym, concierge parking, residents lounge & coffee bar, secure & private green open space, canal & city views! With luxurious finishes thr..."
"Located within the popular and newly built Timber Yard development, this stunning two bedroom apartment with allocated parking is perfectly situated within walking distance of local amenities and ideal for transport links. "
"We are pleased to offer this impressive, larger than average, third floor apartment located in this prestigious development in Moseley Village. Offering an excellent location for all of Moseley's associated amenities including bars and restaurants. The accommodation briefly comprises; secure..."
"A great opportunity to acquire this well presented, successful HMO property on the well regarded and conveniently located Harborne Park Road. Occupying an excellent position on this popular..."
A charming double fronted Victorian mid terrace located in this delightful walk-way in the heart of Moseley Village and offering two double bedroom accommodation with two reception rooms and lovely mature gardens to front and rear. EP Rating F
"A traditional three bedroom semi detached family home, set within this popular cul-de-sac location and benefiting from extended ground floor accommodation with four reception rooms, off road parking & garage and good size rear garden. EP Rating E"
FIRST FLOOR LUXURY APARTMENT | Gated Residence | Communal Gardens | Allocated Parking | Visitors Parking | Low Service Charge | Located on the Calthorpe Estate | Walking distance to Birmingham City Centre | High Spec throughout
Stunning brand new two bedroom PENTHOUSE apartment. The property is available for immediate occupation and is located in Digbeth close to the Bullring and City Centre. The property has been finished to a high standard and comprises of an open plan lounge/fitted kitchen with integrated ap...
"Modern, Well Kept, Off Road Parking, Two reception rooms, & Three bedrooms? Look no further as this property could be perfect for you. This family home is located within walking distance to Bearwood high street & Windmill shopping centre. CONTACT US TODAY FOR A VIEWING ON "
"A perfect family home! A much improved and extended five bedroom semi detached family home located on a highly desirable road.
"
"A rare opportunity to acquire a beautifully presented and refurbished first floor apartment in delightful landscaped grounds. Central heating and double glazing as specified, hall with storage, splendid lounge / dining room partially open plan to high specification refitted kitchen with appliance..."
"A spacious detached family home with three generous bedrooms. This property offers spacious accommodation including an entrance hallway, spacious living room with feature arch windows to the rear garden and on the stairs, modern fitted kitchen, guest w/c and a garage with storage area.
Upstairs ..."
"Paul Carr Estate Agents are pleased to offer this spacious three bedroom semi detached family home which is situated on a very sought after road in Handsworth Wood. The property comprises of an entrance hallway, sitting room, large lounge, conservatory, fitted kitchen, snug and shower room to the..."
"A charming 2/3 bedroom ground floor apartment situated in this prestigious development and enjoying superb views over the well kept grounds. Offered with no chain. Electric, gas and water utilities are included within the service charge. EPC RATING D TAX BAND - D TENURE - Leaseho..."
***PRIME BOLDMERE LOCATION***WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***THREE WELL PROPORTIONED BEDROOMS***THROUGH LOUNGE DINER***FITTED BREAKFAST KITCHEN***VIEWING ESSENTIAL***
