Summary
"Marketed with no onward chain is this deceptively spacious miners cottage on Northcote Road, offering character and fantastic potential with a large sunny rear garden."
"A superb Victorian residence with Circa 5000 sq. ft of accommodation, seven bedrooms (five en-suite) and separate flat. South facing rear garden. Garage."
"An exceptional home in a prime Clifton location, close to Victoria Square. This attractive four storey home has been completely remodelled by the current owners and comprises five bedrooms, a stunning kitchen/ living space, converted basement, stylish bathrooms and a self-contained studi..."
"A handsome and generously proportioned semi-detached late Victorian family house, in a sought after location close to the Downs, and with good sized 65ft x 40ft rear garden and off street parking. An impressive and large (circa 5,000 sq. ft.) grade II listed 6 bedroom, 4 reception period home ..."
Uninterrupted views over Durdham Downs with all the associated amenity.
A prime Grade II* listed townhouse situated in this highly regarded square
"A superb seven-bedroom Victorian family house of some 4,380 square feet (407 m2) with accommodation arranged over three floors, situated in the very heart of Clifton Village."
"A superb Victorian five-bedroom terraced townhouse in a highly desirable location with off-street parking, front and rear gardens and no onward chain.  "
"A beautifully presented six bedroom family house on a sought-after road in Sneyd Park offering a wealth of accommodation, excellent parking and landscaped terraced gardens."
"This fine detached Grade 2 listed, detached family home is exceptional. Offering seven generous bedrooms and set in an enviable gated plot with driveway sweeping to the garage to the side, the accommodation provides a wealth of character set over three storeys and enjoying views across the city."
"An outstanding 1920's detached family house of immense character, with a huge rear garden, garage and large driveway, located in this highly desirable area near excellent local schools."
" A significant 'Stride' built 1930's detached family home set in a generous plot of over quarter of an acre with circa 125 ft. level south west facing rear garden. To many, these are the ultimate suburban family homes in Bristol. This particular home retains many original features, yet also bene..."
"A substantial 'Voke' built 1920's detached family home situated in a highly desirable and sought after Henleaze position with generous level gardens, parking, garage and close to the wide amenity of Henleaze Road shops, Durdham Downs & Redmaids, Badminton & St Ursula's schools. Viewing i..."
Hollis Morgan | this stunning period five bedroom townhouse enjoys an ideal Clifton Location on the popular Alma Road with all of Bristol's desirable amenities within close proximity.
A well proportioned and impressive five bedroom family home with sunny gardens and parking. Alma Road enjoys accommodation over four floors and has been enhanced and maintained throughout our vendors time of ownership. Each room enjoys a high degree of natural light and boasts an attractive out...
An exquisite and charming Grade II listed house with far-reaching views.
A student investment property in an excellent location with a long history of letting offering good ROI and potential to improve income and capital. 8.5% adjusted groos (net) return!  
"An exquisite hall and first floor maisonette situated on one of Clifton's most iconic terraces with a private rear garden, canopied balcony, under-croft garage, summer house and direct rear access into Clifton village. "
Sneyd Park’s premier road.
An impressive Grade II Listed family home with generous garden and detached garage
"A substantial detached family home offering beautiful spaces, an incredible south-west facing garden with Bristol views, garden room/working from home space and a driveway."
"A handsome and bay fronted, 5 double bedroom, 3 reception room, Victorian period semi-detached family home of circa 2,700sq.ft., with well stocked front and rear gardens plus driveway parking. Excellent position only a few hundred metres from Whiteladies Road, convenient for the Downs and Clif..."
"A superb three-storey family home situated in a highly-sought residential road in the heart of Henleaze. Boasting six bedrooms, an enclosed private rear garden and off-street parking for several vehicles."
"A brand new, stylish duplex later living apartment exclusively for people over 60. Reserve and move in to an apartment by 30th June 2023 to enjoy 3 months rent free*."
"Boasting almost 230 sq.m/2475 sq.ft (Significantly higher than average on Henleaze Avenue). Filled with character throughout is this natural three-story, five double bedroom, family home. Offering a welcoming spacious vestibule with triple aspect, including stained glass and leaded light wi..."
"A fantastic semi-detached home in a very sought after location in Shirehampton, upgraded by the current owners to incorporate a family bathroom and two en-suite shower rooms."
"** BRAND NEW TO THE MARKET ** A MUST VIEW PROPERTY. Truly delightful three bedroom semi detached home situated in a popular ""tucked away"" position but having good access to Fishponds Road with its local shops and bus routes. Arranged over two floors, the property comprises ..."
"A most impressive, elegant and well-proportioned 3/4 double bedroom townhouse situated in a landmark location fronting Durdham Downs. Further benefiting from breathtaking panoramic views over the city to the rear, an abundance of natural light, and a south east facing rear garden. Ground Floo..."
" Set in a prominent position towards the top of Great Brockeridge, is this fantastic 4 bedroom detached family home that is brought to the market for the first time in 25 years. With some breath-taking elevated views over BS9 and beyond, great square footage, lovely rear garden, parking, double ..."
A superb opportunity to own a unique 2500 sq ft detached home in need of refurbishment with cellar and out buildings in an amazing position within Westbury on Trym and on the edge of the highly regarded Henbury golf course. Viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate the location a...
"An impressive mid-19th Century Grade II Listed Clifton townhouse with south west facing gardens. This truly special property offers spacious accommodation of 2,728 sq ft, including a lower ground floor apartment."
"Located in arguably one of the most sought after roads in Stoke Bishop, M Coleman are delighted to bring to the market an imposing four bedroom detached home commanding a prominent, elevated position on desirable Old Sneed Avenue. Offered For Sale with no onward chain, the extensive accommo..."
A beautifully presented three bedroom apartment within a Georgian conversion with parking and communal gardens. Sold with no onward chain Badminton House occupies a prominent position at the end of popular Worcester Terrace in the heart of Clifton Village. This outstanding Georgian Grade II list...
"With a green and open outlook over St Andrews park - a substantial and well-proportioned 5 double bedroom, 2 reception plus study and large kitchen/dining room late Victorian period semi-detached family house with the benefit of driveway parking and a generous level rear garden with a westerly as..."
"A stunning and well proportioned maisonette (2,505 sq ft) situated in Clifton's sought after Canynge Square, offering a quiet residential location surrounded by some stunning period architecture, within easy walking distance of the many amenities of Clifton Village and the Downs. The s..."
A most elegant and particularly light four/five bedroom Georgian town house forming part of this handsome terrace in a highly regarded residential location. This charming Grade II Listed house underwent a comprehensive refurbishment in 2006 resulting in a rarely found balance of historic characte...
"A most attractive six bedroom Grade II listed Georgian family house, arranged over five floors, of some 3,150 square feet situated in a popular residential location above Bristol’s harbourside, and within easy walking distance of Clifton Village, and the Clifton Triangle. The property has served ..."
"An impressive and spacious (circa 1911 Sq.Ft,), 5 bedroom, 2 reception, period family house, located on a popular, neighbourly and tree-lined road in the heart of Henleaze, with the advantage of a beautiful south westerly facing rear garden. The generously proportioned interior offers a..."
"""We have been living here on Falcondale Road since April 2006 when we fully refurbished the house with a new kitchen and utility room, and the lounge was extended. While we have been here we have loved the quietness of the area, even though the road can be busy at times the house being set ..."
Ocean are delighted to offer this Detached Home in the hugely popular Druid Road in the heart of Stoke Bishop.
"An attractive and tastefully updated five bedroom, two reception room, Edwardian period end terraced family home located within 300 metres of Westbury Park Primary School and 900 metres of Redland Green Secondary School, on a desirable and peaceful road and further benefitting from a good sized k..."
"A beautiful semi detached home, with a garage and views over Bishopston's only private square. Aptly named 'Sunshine House', this elevated three storey property has light and bright rooms throughout. Steps lead up from Brynland Avenue to the front door of the house. A welcoming, central ..."
 A fantastic 4 bedroom detached family home that is wonderfully positioned with convenient access to a range of amenities and excellent schools including Elmlea and the Bristol Free School. Offering great versatility this property is sure to appeal to a range of buyers whether it be a downsizer ...
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND F We are delighted to offer to the market this wonderful 4-bedroom detached house on Sheepwood Road, Bristol. The property offers a well-adapted layout and comfortable accommodation supporting a wide array of individual or collective fami..."
Brought to the market as an ongoing investment is this collection of one and two bed apartments.
INVESTORS ONLY. Cliftons and Butlers are thrilled to offer to the market 5 x apartments in Montpellier Court. (3 x 2 beds and 2 x 1 beds). All the apartments are currently let out on AST agreements and are generating £47500 pa in rental income. The apartments are situated wi...
"An exciting opportunity to renovate a grade II listed double fronted late Georgian town house on Kingsdown Parade, with the added benefits of a single garage, some stunning outlooks over Bristol and beyond, a particularly well proportioned private garden, with a southerly aspect, and a quiet loca..."
 Tucked away behind the unassuming original Victorian Coach House façade the house was refurbished and converted into a stand alone dwelling approximately 20 years ago by a renowned local builder for his own use. As such it has a great design and is effectively an upside-down house arrange...
"A fabulous opportunity to acquire a superb and recently renovated Clifton townhouse in a desirable position. As well as, and by seperate negotiation, a private garage and off-street parking bay."
"A four/five bedroom mews house with accommodation arranged over three floors, car parking, a roof terrace situated in an exclusive residential backwater within Clifton. Harley Mews is a private road nestled directly behind the much coveted, Grade II* listed Georgian terrace of Harley Place. <..."
"PRICE GUIDE RANGE: £950,000 - £975,000 An attractive Victorian semi-detached three-storey home circa 1870 situated within the heart of St Andrews, sympathetically renovated by the current owners giving it a contemporary and unique character which maximises the original features of th..."
"An extended five bedroom end of terrace family home is situated on a quiet residential road in Brislington, the property enjoys great transport links into the City Centre via Bath Road and offers easy access to the City beyond via the Ring Road."
"Development site of approximately 310 sqm (3,340 sqft) currently occupied by a former workshop with enclosed yard, previously used for car valeting although offered for sale with vacant possession. The site offers significantly potential for residential development subject to obtaining ..."
"This superb four bedroom home is located in a small enclave on the crest of the hill looking over Westbury toward Durdham Downs in the distance. The sizable and 'rare to market' offering is presented to the highest standard and offers privacy, space, wonderful gardens plus driveway & double garage."
"A double-fronted office/shop (181 sq.m.), prominent high street position. Two seperate flats included to first floor (145 s.q.m). Private parking. Ideal investment. Vacant possession on completion."
"Four bedroom semi-detached home available in a highly sought after location on Brynland Avenue, also benefitting from off street parking for two cars and a Southerly facing rear garden."
NO CHAIN - This beautifully presented four bedroom semi detached family home is situated in a superb location just off Henleaze Road. 
"CJ Hole Brislington are proud to offer this substantial six bedroom family home that must be viewed to fully appreciate the vast space, fantastic finish and spectacular surrounding views of Nightingale Valley."
"The Vincent | Set in Bristol's popular Redland district, a stunning collection of independent, later living apartments with exceptional amenities including a communal lounge, restaurant and wellness centre. Apartment 34 provides stunning views across The Vincent Grounds and the surrounding area."
 We have enjoyed living in this street for nearly 19 years in the company of friendly and supportive neighbours. It has been ideal for us in terms of its size and location. Having seen our children through local schools we are sad to be moving on but other projects beckon and it’s t...
"GUIDE PRICE £900,000 - £925,000. A rare opportunity to purchase a stunning, four double-bedroom, double fronted house with its own private garage that is arguably the most centrally located house in Bristol."
An exquisite and charming Grade II listed house in this vibrant part of the city.
Secluded and peaceful in the heart of leafy Sneyd Park.
"A stunning three bedroom harbourside penthouse with rooftop garden, balcony and garage. Sold with no onward chain. From a wide and welcoming entrance hall, there is a stunning and spacious open plan sitting room and dining room. This generous footprint offers ample space to entertain or simply t..."
A unique opportunity to acquire this deceptively spacious detached bungalow with Annexe attached to the side. The versatile accommodation would suit a growing family and also the ability to provide independent living in the Annexe if required. The spacious accommodation comprises; great hall/di...
"Boasting stunning, panoramic, views is the substantial, four double bedroom, semi-detached home with a garden measuring over 30m."
"""We have loved every moment in this house, the location couldn’t be better, sitting in the private yard when the wisteria and roses are out in the summer is one of the most calming feeling I have ever experienced. Plus immediate access to the park where the council kindly does the gardening. All ..."
"GUIDE PRICE RANGE £875,000 - £900,000 Off the beaten track and situated within a peaceful backwater of Clifton, a simply unique & enchanting four-bedroom mews style house circa 1,800 sq. ft with a courtyard front garden and single garage. Once a builder's store, Jackson's Yard has be..."
"A unique, charming and award winning four-bedroom house with private parking positioned just off the renowned Chandos Road. "
"A wonderful opportunity to acquire a fine residence situated on the highly regarded Grove Road; nestled on the fringes of Coombe Dingle. This four bedroom detached family home is finished to a high standard throughout with further benefits including an attractive south west facing rear garden, st..."
"OFFERS ARE INVITED BETWEEN £850,000 AND £875,000 - A Beautifully presented, detached five bed family home on a private gated development in the desirable leafy suburb of Stoke Bishop. Extensively improved by the current owners. and offering open plan contemporary family living as well as a quiet ..."
A rare opportunity to be able to purchase this unique home located in the popular and desirable suburb of Knowle. The property is arranged as two separate units with the two bedroom garden flat currently being rented out. The current owners occupy the upper floor maisonette which offers sizable a...
"""We have lived at Linden Road for the past 6 years. It's a wonderful family home with fantastic local schools, shops and pubs, the Westbury Tavern and Little Shop and Pantry just moments away. Linden Road is the perfect location, the Downs are within walking distance, along with Redland Green a..."
"Located on The Newlands and forming part of the picturesque village of Frenchay sits Chine Ridge, a detached residence occupying an idyllic position in the cul-de-sac with the Frome Valley as its backdrop."
"A truly unique opportunity to purchase the entire freehold of 2 Chandos Road which contains a stunning, four-bedroom maisonette above a spacious, split level commercial unit with private rear garden, all offered to the market with no onward chain. "
"This stunning family home offers buyer's catchment into Westbury Park Junior School and Redland Green School and has been tastefully redesigned and extended to present modern, cosy spaces, offering approximately one hundred and thirty five square meters of internal space."
A superb flexible four-bedroom semi-detached home on a very sought-after road on the Charlton Mead estate.
"Enjoying grandstand harbourside views: an elegant, immaculately presented and thoroughly renovated, 3/4 double bedroom, 2/3 reception room, Georgian period grade II listed townhouse having semi open-plan kitchen/breakfast/living room and 58ft south facing rear garden. Set on a tree-lined cobb..."
"CASH BUYERS ONLY Ground Floor - Front door opens into the entrance hall. Entrance Hall - Original panelled wall and floorboards. Coved ceiling, sky light above front door, staircase with original banister to the upper floor accommodation, door opens to staircase leading down..."
"A wonderful Victorian terraced house in Southville with an abudnance of entertaining space, garden and much sought after off-street parking."
"Howard Homes are delighted to market this two storey Victorian double bayed HMO (The house is fully HMO licensed (sign off Sep 2021). Currently arranged as a six bedroom house and accommodation currently comprises six bedrooms, reception room, kitchen, utility room, bathroom, cloakroom and dow..."
A charming and substantial Edwardian family home set in the peaceful location of Westbury Park which offers catchment for Redland Green School.
"A generous (1959.80 Sq. Ft. Approx.) 5 bedroom, 2 reception semi-detached family home with garage, off street parking and generous garden located on the popular Bell Barn Road with a wonderful, modern, light and airy extended kitchen/family room to the rear overlooking a landscaped rear garden."
"Immaculately presented throughout is this extensive, six bedroom, family home which arranged over three floors and offers south facing garden."
"A superb, five-bedroom house perfectly located in the Redland Green catchment area, found in superb condition, and benefitting from a private garden and double garage."
Chappell and Matthews are delighted to bring to the market this stunning and truly individual property- a fantastic opportunity for those looking for a spacious home with extensive gardens and period features in a popular and central location. THE PROPERTY This Grade II listed ea...
"Superb penthouse apartment with some of bristols best views. Underground parking, circa 1100 sq. ft. with a wrap around balcony. Perfect for alfresco dining in the summer."
A Grade II* listed Georgian property in this beautiful city square offered for sale with residential planning permission to create a 4 bedroom town house
"Located in the ever popular The Newlands, Frenchay sits this immaculately presented with open-plan living, four bedroom detached family home."
"Stylish, spacious and charming, this split-level apartment commands a prime position in Clifton Village opposite the beautiful green space of Clifton Downs"
"An exceptional 2 bedroom harbourside duplex with water views, private balcony and parking.
Sold with no onward chain. Capricorn Place is a stunning and light filled duplex apartment, with a strong emphasis on its waterfront views and natural light. A particular feature is the open plan sitting r..."
"A well presented three storey home on tree lined Nottingham Road, with two off road parking spaces. The accommodation comprises a living room with a bay window with ceiling coving, picture rail and a gas fireplace. The adjacent second reception also has a gas fireplace, ceiling coving, a..."
A RARE OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE ONE OF TWO UNIQUE EXECUTIVE-STYLE MODERN FAMILY HOMES. OFFERED TO THE MARKET IS THIS SUBSTANTIAL FIVE/SIX-BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY. NO ONWARD CHAIN
"An absolutely gorgeous detached lodge, most probably the oldest inhabited building in Henleaze, nestling in attractive gardens within a short, level walk of shops (including Waitrose) and the open space of Durdham Downs."
"A wonderful four bedroom detached family home with garden, garage and parking situated in an excellent position on the Henleaze/Westbury Park borders, located close to Waitrose, local shops, Fallodon Way Medical Centre, the Scott Cinema & 1.2 miles away from Redland Green School. Viewin..."
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a substantial ground and lower ground floor three/four bedroom maisonette in Beaufort Road, Clifton, with private front and rear gardens and the possibility of off street parking subject to planning permission. The property which is in need of a full refurbishm..."
"A unique and spacious (2121.80 Sq. Ft. Approx.) ‘chalet style’ 5 bedroom, detached bungalow with incredibly versatile accommodation that enjoys a quiet, tucked away position at the end of a private road, just off Henleaze High Street. This wonderful home offers vast potential to the incoming buye..."
"This truly magnificent two bedroom apartment is positioned on the second floor in Regent House, and part of the Directors’ Suite collection boasting large open plan living spaces."
"An attractive 3 bedroom apartment found in a much sought after waterfront location. NO ONWARD CHAIN. NO ONWARD CHAIN.
One particular feature of this generous apartment is the bay fronted kitchen dining/sitting room. Boasting a south orientation, this light filled room enjoys a generous footprint..."
A stunning individual detached family home located within the sought after Leap Valley area of Downend with open woodland outlook to front. Having undergone major reconstruction work the house offers 4 double bedrooms (2 en-suites) and an impressive open plan kitchen/diner/family room with bi-fol...
A stunning and beautifully refurbished duplex apartment with allocated off-street parking and fabulous far-reaching views on one of Clifton's most exclusive Georgian crescents. 
This is a fabulous opportunity to purchase and style this wonderful old two-bedroom cottage in a very convenient location for the shops & facilities in the historic village of Westbury on Trym.
"A handsome Edwardian, semi-detached house on this prime street in Bishopston, making a wonderful family home boasting off-street parking, rear garden and a wonderful blend of period features and modern convenience. There is under-floor heating, wood burners installed 2013."
A generous and impressive semi detached home located between St Andrews Park and Gloucester Road.
"A beautifully proportioned three-bedroom apartment on one of Clifton's most sought-after roads with fabulous views, covered parking and a gated driveway. "
A charming Grade ll* listed town house requiring some general updating in this vibrant part of the city.
"Owned by the same family for over 60 years, is this 1930’s, semi-detached, home boasting many original features and offering vast potential."
"A beautifully presented and stylishly extended Edwardian family home, set in this highly regarded cul de sac just off Coombe Lane. Boasting in excess of 1800 sq. feet of accommodation and benefitting from a wonderful level family friendly rear garden, attached garage and driveway parking. "
"Rare opportunity central to Bristol, minutes from M Shed and Arnolfini, main shopping centre, pubs, restaurants and parks. Walking distance to Temple Meads. Merchants Landing estate is a quiet site with the advantage of having facilities literally around the corner. Current owners say ‘Hav..."
"Vendor Comment ‘We love our house - and you will too! We have enjoyed 20 years here and are reluctantly having to downsize, but we will not be moving far! The house will sell itself, it is cosy, but open plan and very sociable. We have had many dinner parties, and everyone loves sitting in ..."
A spacious and immaculately presented Victorian family home located on one of Bishopston's most popular roads. This imposing property has been meticulously renovated and extended by its current owners and now offers in excess of 1850 sq ft of living space. Key features include five bedro...
"A stunning five-bedroom, Victorian terraced home in the heart of Montpelier, with a south facing garden. This impressive five-bedroom Victorian home is situated on Fairlawn Road, just a short stroll away from the many local amenities of Picton Street and Gloucester Road, famed for its aw..."
"Guide price of £760,000 - £800,000 for this period home in the heart of Shirehampton village accessed via electric gates and private drive."
"Far reaching Bristol views from the rear of this modern townhouse in this Georgian street. Close to major employers which include BBC, BRI and Bristol University. The end terrace accommodation includes a study for home working and kitchen/diner leading onto attractive gardens."
"Set in a stunning central location in a quiet cul-de-sac near to Brandon Hill and Park Street; a quintessentially charming Georgian period grade II listed townhouse offering 3/4 double bedroom, 2 bath/shower room accommodation plus an exquisite walled garden. The house has undergone an extensi..."
"An immaculate and handsome four bedroom Victorian house arranged over four floors and situated on a very quiet no-through road within walking distance of Cotham School, the university, B.R.I and the city centre."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this beautifully proportioned, four bedroom semi-detached family home located in the popular St Andrews area. This impressive semi-detached home is situated on the highly regarded Hurlingham Road in St Andrews, with magnificent views over the City of Bristo..."
A picturesque waterfront property offering an abundance of space in a key harbourside location. 
"Located on the prestigious Charnhill Crescent sits this immaculately presented, extended four bedroom, detached family home offering ample space both inside and out."
A newly built 4 bedroom detached family home on Benville Avenue in Coombe Dingle finished to a high standard. With no onward chain and a 10 year AHCI warranty this home is rare to find in this sought after location whilst offering high energy efficiency and including solar panels. This f...
"An exceptional and spacious semi-detached home offering 2272 sqft of accommodation over three floors. This unique property is double fronted and briefly comprises; two reception rooms, open plan kitchen dining and snug room, four double bedrooms, two shower en-suites, a family bathroom, and off r..."
"Andrews are pleased to welcome to the market this unique converted five-bedroom property. This spacious Victorian home is in the heart of Southville and comprises of; an entrance hall, lounge, dining room with double doors out to the garden space, along with a separate kitchen with a great a..."
"Three bedroom, semi-detached family home within quiet cul-de-sac, with ample off street parking and private rear garden. "
"One of the most popular roads in Whitchurch...the Wells Road! This six-bedroom detached home has recently been fully renovated throughout and been given a whole new look. With its spacious design, modern colours and large garden this is a property not to be missed! Brilliant location for local sc..."
"A fantastic investment opportunity to acquire a block of five buy to let apartments in this recently developed building close to the railway station within the heart of Avonmouth. Currently achieving a gross yearly rental of nearly £50,000 per annum, this is a great opportunity for buy to let lan..."
"Generous size plot, amazing potential and location are the three determining factors for viewing this four double bedroom, detached family home ready for immdediate occupation and no onward chain. This classic modern style house has parking for at least three/four cars, a lawned front garden with..."
"A charming one bedroom coach house apartment boasting wonderful green views towards Frenchay Common. Beautifully presented and offering a light and airy feel throughout this home will potentially suit those looking to take their first step onto the property ladder, those downsizing or investors l..."
"""Over the last thirteen years, we have had the best family times in this amazing house! It's a great spot with the best views in Bristol. We love waking up every morning looking out over the city and down through the valley towards North Somerset. We took a house with potential in 2009 and have c..."
A beautiful link detached home in the equally beautiful & sought after Royal Victoria Park.
"An elegant and characterful, Edwardian, semi-detached, natural four bedroom home that overlooks Canford Park, and is within easy walking distance of the shops and amenities of Westbury-on-Trym village."
"A superb semi detached family home situated in a sought after, quiet cul-de-sac in the heart of Westbury-on-Trym that offers three bedrooms, bathroom to the first floor. The ground floor has a sitting room to the front of the house and an amazing extended open plan living area with bi folding doo..."
"A beautifully presented four bedroom family home with gardens, parking and a garage. Sold with no onward chain The accommodation at Old Sneed Cottages is arranged over three floors. From a welcoming entrance hall, an open plan dining and sitting room create the perfect place to entertain, boasti..."
"Positioned on the Lake side of the highly sought after ‘Lake Road’, is this significantly extended and recently renovated, four-bedroom, semi-detached home."
"A larger than average 5 bedroom period property arranged over 4 floors, situated in the popular Westbury Park area and just 0.79km from Redland Green School. Offering well-proportioned rooms, period features and a convenient location. Entrance through a porch into a hallway with origina..."
"""My daughters and I have enjoyed our ten years here at Sefton Park! It is a lovely road with wonderful and kind neighbours. We feel very fortunate to have been close to St Andrews Park where we have spent many summers having picnics, picking up bits to eat from the independent shops of Gloucester..."
"A modern townhouse with garaging, garden and roof terrace"
"A very rare opportunity has arisen to acquire this unique and very spacious end terraced 7 bedroom Victorian period family home, built by the renowned Stride builders in c1900. Conveniently located within 200 yards of the from the village centre of Shirehampton. This impressive property also enjo..."
"Offered with no onward chain is the charming, extended, three bedroom, semi-detached home boasting two spacious reception rooms both with bay windows."
Hollis Morgan – MAY LIVE ONLINE AUCTION – A vacant FREEHOLD DETACHED FAMILY HOME ( 1952 Sq Ft ) with LARGE MATURE GARDEN now in need of BASIC UPDATING with scope to EXTEND subject to consents.
"A spacious and stylish 4 bedroom Victorian period family house located within 750m of Redland Green School and with a side return extended kitchen/dining room, loft conversion with bedroom /shower and a level lawned garden. Set in one of Bishopston's most favoured side roads - away from passin..."
"Conveniently located offering good access to Westbury-On-Trym village shops, amenities and M4/M5 motorway networks is this significantly extended four-bedroom semi-detached family home. The ground floor accommodation comprises welcoming hallway, two individual reception rooms, L-shaped kitchen di..."
"A truly one of a kind property occupying a secluded plot of land benefiting from uninterrupted green views. Just some of this property's highlights include its end of cul-de-sac location, four bedrooms, a huge garden, vast living space and plenty of off street parking."
This charming townhouse is located on one of Clifton's most desirable streets offering very well presented accommodation over three floors with garden AND parking.
"A spacious and quirky Detached Cotswold Stone Chalet bungalow on a corner plot on the popular Riverwood estate in Frenchay, providing great access to the Ring Road and Motorway. This property still has plenty of potential for the right person and offers versatile accommodation."
"New to the market is this stunning 5 bedroom semi-detached family home in Fishponds, BS16."
"A fabulous opportunity to view this substantial, detached chalet bungalow on the popular Elliott Avenue, forming part of the prestigious Riverwood Estate, Frenchay."
"FINAL PLOT REMAINING IN THIS EXCLUSIVE NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT, nestled within a cul-de-sac setting in the heart of Brislington that offers fantastic access in and around the city with bus routes on its doorstep into Bristol City Centre as well as being a short walk from Bristol Temple Meads Train ..."
Down a quiet residential lane on the fringes of the Frome Valley in Frenchay can be found this four-bed detached family home that is sure to get the attention of buyers wanting light and spacious living accommodation in beautiful leafy surroundings.
"A superb period terrace house in popular Clifton Wood; with versatile accommodation over 4 floors, a current HMO License and opportunity to adapt to a new owner's needs. "
"An immensely characterful and well located period property situated in the heart of Westbury Park, close to Durdham Downs and offering flexible accommodation, a private rear garden and no onward chain Many original features including sash windows, fireplaces and ceiling cornicing add to this p..."
3 bedroom penthouse apartment with west facing water views down the floating harbour with Ashton Court estate in the background. Allocated parking and private balcony included.
Situated in the heart of Bromley Heath is this extended 4 bedroom 1950's semi detached home with a sizeable rear garden.
A superb waterfront apartment with arguably the best views in Bristol.
A light and bright three bedroom waterfront home with fantastic harbourside views
A turn-key period cottage in the heart of Redland with an enclosed south facing garden. 
"A stylish and well-appointed maisonette apartment with two private courtyard gardens. The property offers 3 double bedroom, 2 bath/shower room accommodation of circa 1,640 sq. ft located within a distinguished grade II* listed Georgian terrace in Clifton Village. Recently refurbished to an ..."
Hollis Morgan – APRIL LIVE ONLINE AUCTION – A charming Freehold PERIOD PROPERTY ( 2351 St ) informally arranged as 3 x FLATS with scope for a stunning FAMILY HOME and now in need of BASIC UPDATING.
"A detached three bedroom home on a substantial plot overlooking the beautiful green view of Dundry Hills. Whitchurch offers a variety of amenities such as local shops, bus routes and the OUTSTANDING ,Ofsted rated, Bridge Farm Primary School and Sunshine Pre-School. A short drive is Hengrove Leisu..."
" A superb 2 double bedroom detached bungalow in a highly sought-after location opposite to Henleaze Lake. The property is immaculately presented and ready to move straight in to and offers quality living spaces enjoying all that the plot and position has to offer, functional kitchen/diner, 2 dou..."
"Situated in a prime location just off of the Gloucester Road is this immaculately presented Victorian family home. Key features include three double bedrooms, two large reception rooms a light and bright open plan kitchen/diner and a recently landscaped south facing rear garden. Accommod..."
"A spacious three-bedroom (plus loft room), Victorian home with a detached double garage to the rear. The property has been extended and well-maintained by the current owners. Internally, the property comprises two reception rooms and an extended kitchen/diner on the ground floor, three ..."
"Offered with no onward chain is this delightful, warm and cosy, three bedroom, detached home boasting a south facing garden and positioned in peaceful cul-de-sac."
A stunning conversion of a historic building which sits alongside Bristol's Harbourside and opposite Brunel's SS Great Britain. This Two bedroom apartment is offered for sale with no ongoing chain and we strongly advise an early internal inspection.
A superb four bedroom family home situated in a popular Henleaze road within easy reach of both Henleaze & Horfield Infant & Primary Schools and the wide range of shops available on Henleaze Road. This super family home must be viewed to fully appreciate all that is on offer. C...
"A unique opportunity to purchase this substantial detached bungalow on a generous plot within a quiet, sought after cul-de-sac. "
"Offered to the market for the first time since 1982, this pleasant and spacious semi detached 1930s home is located in BS9s most sought after school catchments."
"Located in the ever popular Totterdown, just minutes from Bristol Templemeads and the City Centre, this turn of the century terraced house has plenty of scope to provide a range of accommodation. With two entrances from the street, the home consists of an entrance porch, open plan living / dining..."
"A characterful, double bay Victorian built home, with a workshop/garden studio at the rear. Located within the Redland Green APR. The accommodation comprises a living room with a bay window, exposed brick chimney breast, a log burner, ceiling coving and a stripped wood floor. The adjacen..."
"A detached family home occupying a sought after location convenient for major commuting routes and offered with no onward chain. The accommodation comprises; hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room, kitchen/diner, utility, bathroom & 4 bedrooms (master with en suite). Other benefits include; ample o..."
"""Tree Rise was established to provide exceptional family homes designed for the ‘new normal’. We wanted to focus on flexibility, space and convenience, our ‘future-proof’ homes provide the complete longevity modern families now require""."
"CJ Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this five bedroom, semi-detached home in Bower Ashton. "
"This wonderfully charming and well presented ‘Voke’ style 1930’s, four bedroom end of terrace family home (approx. 1166 Sq. Ft.) is Ideally situated with level walking distance to the extensive shops and amenities of Henleaze High Street and enjoys a (approx.) 16.5m westerly facing garden to the ..."
"Beautifully presented, detached residence set in backwater location on the edge of the woods. With hallway, large lounge, well appointed kitchen/diner with granite worktops, study area, utility and downstairs shower room, four double bedrooms, en suite, double garage, enclosed garden."
"Stunning top floor split level apartment benefitting from wrap around sun terrace, three bedrooms and parking. The apartment is located just off Park St with easy access to both the Harbourside and Clifton. This stunning apartment with lots of natural light has a lovely mix of character features ..."
"A truly unique, three/four bedroom detached house with far reaching views over the Bristol Channel and beyond. The property boasts modern, stylish décor throughout, an open plan kitchen/diner, gymnasium, roof garden and just a few minutes walk to access the popular Blaise Castle Estate. ..."
"OVER LOOKING PERRETT'S PARK AND BEYOND! - Occupying, arguably, one of the most sought after positions in the city is this 1930's Chard Built family home directly opposite Perrett's Park offering unrivalled roof top city views. The property is just minutes from Wells Road with the popular Fox and ..."
"A three bedroom semi-detached family home situated on a highly desirable road in Bishopsworth, with a beautifully maintained large rear garden backing onto Kings Head Park. The property is perfect for a growing family with its close proximity to local amenities including the popular Imperial Reta..."
Hollis Morgan - SUBSTANTIAL DEPOSIT/CASH BUYERS ONLY DUE TO FULL RENOVATION - This stunning four bedroom semi-detached Victoria property is located in one of Bristol's most sought after areas. The property offers spacious accommodation throughout and is in need of complete modernisation.
"1930's Detached house with 2 receptions, kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom, garden and two parking spaces. 1 x Detached 2 bed house with parking, Pair of semi detached houses, 1 x 2 bed and 1 x 1 bed with parking. PLANNING: South Gloucestershire Council P20/00891/F 21st May 20..."
"A rare opportunity has arisen to acquire this elegant and beautifully renovated apartment (1,162 sq ft) set on the hall floor of this delightful period building in the heart of Clifton Village. Offered to the market with no onward chain. An apartment of this nature, and in such a popular..."
"Cj Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom Semi-Detached home, located in Bower Ashton, with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"A stunning double bay fronted home in the heart of Staple Hill, which offers incredible scope and potential. An ideal match for those buyers looking for a grand home that offers character features with a fantastic balance of light and space through out. Offering exceptional opportunity as large f..."
"An exceptional semi-detached extended six bedroom property situated in the popular Bedminster Down area, with an incredible substantial rear garden measuring approx 200m in length. The property has undergone complete renovation to a stunning standard throughout by its currents owners, making the ..."
"A stunning 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom, split level Penthouse apartment boasting a wealth of modern design, and a wonderful roof terrace, off-street parking space, communal gardens and prime location in the heart of Bristol. "
"'Mozart Villa' is a three-bedroom Victorian family home located on a popular tree-lined avenue in the heart of Bishopston. The accommodation comprises a sitting room with original sash windows to a bay, decorative cornice, picture rail, exposed wooden floorboards and an open cast iron fi..."
"Marketed with no onward chain is this charming, 1930’s, three bedroom, semi-detached home nestled in a prestigious central Henleaze location and boasting a southerly lawned garden."
Offered with no onward chain is this well-presented semi-detached home boasting a full-width kitchen/diner with doors onto a charming garden and accompanying adjacent garage.
"Rare to the market - A magnificent 1300 sq ft first floor three bedroom apartment in need of modernisation with study, terrace and rear garden."
"Built in 1998, and located on the ever popular Heathfields, sits this generously proportioned four-bedroom detached family home."
"""Metford Grove is special to us as it is where we first settled in Bristol. From the early days of late night decorating through to creating the large open plan living space with new kitchen, Metford Grove is somewhere we cherish as a family. Being on a cul-de-sac, the road is lovely an..."
"An imposing three/four bedroom end-of-terrace home offering flexible living accommodation and the potential to create a self-contained flat. The three-storey home enjoys an elevated position over North Road and is close to St Andrews Park and a wealth of shops, restaurants and bars on Gl..."
"DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM HOUSE - Rosemead is a wonderfully spacious family house in Whitchurch Village with driveway, separate garage and a fully extended kitchen, diner and family room, surrounded by countryside. EPC rating E."
"Offering a superb, well stocked and sizeable garden, off street parking to front and rear, as well as a garage, is this larger than typical, two double bedroom period home."
"Andrews are delighted to offer to the market this Purbeck stone fronted, four bedroom semi-detached dual cottage. The character interior comprises entrance porch, hallway, front aspect reception/family room, lounge with wood burner, formal dining room and adjacent kitchen/breakfast ro..."
"High quality, community focussed, inner city living; The Square is a great example of how sensitive redevelopment of an urban brownfield site is helping to re-invent the concepts of a vibrant mixed use City Centre. The Square on New Hawkins Street is a selection of twelve design led, specificatio..."
"OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO CHAIN IS THIS THREE BEDROOM VICTORIAN HOME, SET WITHIN THE HEART OF BISHOPSTON, SITUATED NEARBY TO THE WEALTH OF AMENITIES THE GLOUCESTER ROAD HAS TO OFFER."
"A semi-detached 1930s 3-bedroom family home within the Redland Green catchment area. The property is located on one of Bishopston's premier roads, close to the independent shops, cafés and restaurants lining the popular Gloucester Road, and within the catchment area for Redland Green Sec..."
"""I have thoroughly enjoyed living on Brynland Avenue with its welcoming community of neighbours and close proximity to the Gloucester Road. The open plan kitchen is my favourite part of the house and when the sun streams in from the westerly facing garden, it's a sight to behold."""
"An immaculate three bedroom harbourside apartment with stunning views, private balcony and parking. The accommodation is entirely level measuring almost 1000 ft.² One of the most notable features is the open plan kitchen/living room and dining room enjoying outstanding water views. A generous fo..."
Connells are pleased to offer to the market this fantastic 3/4 bedroom end of terrace house in the highly desirable Chessel Street which boasts a garage with parking. sure to be popular call to book your appointment today.
"A stunning Georgian three bedroom garden maisonette, situated in the heart of Clifton Village."
"An extended, beautifully presented three-bedroom family home close to the shops, cafes and restaurants along Gloucester Road. The property, which has been sympathetically modernised throughout, comprises a sitting room, and open-plan kitchen/diner on the ground floor and three bedro..."
"Positioned within the popular area of Henleaze, this original, detached family home built by the current owners in 2014 offers three good sized bedrooms, reception, open-plan kitchen/diner, bathroom, low maintenance rear garden and off-street parking. This attractive, modern home enjoys ..."
"Extended and impressive throughout, a Victorian family home located on Shaftesbury Avenue in the heart of Montpelier. The property is arranged over three floors and has plenty to offer including four bedrooms, two reception rooms, an extended kitchen/dining room and a mature rear garden. "
"A large, detached family home situated in the popular area of Uplands, South Bristol. This property is presented in excellent condition throughout and has easy access to local amenities and is perfect for anyone looking to commute to Bristol City Centre. Comprising in brief a sitting room, living..."
Hollis Morgan – APRIL LIVE ONLINE AUCTION – A Freehold BLOCK OF 3 x SELF CONTAINED FLATS ( 1580 Sq Ft ) fully Let producing £50k pa.
"This lovely, three bedroom, semi-detached home is immaculately presented throughout and boasts a charming, 18m, south-easterly garden which overlooks allotments."
"A very spacious three bed, top floor apartment, within a beautiful Victorian grade 2 listed building."
"A beautiful semi-detached 1930's home which is on a quiet residential road in the heart of Stoke Bishop. This property boasts three bedrooms, spacious downstairs living space, plenty of off-street parking, a garage and an attractive westerly facing garden with beautiful views of the Dingle which ..."
No Onward chain. A fabulous opportunity to purchase this sizeable three bedroom semi detached dormer bungalow in an enviable corner plot position on Hutton Close. Viewings are available immediately.
"**NEW**An extended 3 bedroom family home on Colliter Crescent in Ashton with off street parking for up to 3 cars. The property consists of an open plan reception room, extended kitchen/diner, downstairs W/C, 3 double bedrooms, family bathroom, detached garage and a very good sized rear garden."
"A golden opportunity to acquire this handsome 1930's semi detached three bedroom family home with large c 80 ft westerly facing family friendly gardens, driveway and garage with lots of scope to extend and the added benefit of no onward chain. We highly recommend a viewing at the your fi..."
"An impressive and immaculately presented water front mezzanine apartment situated in the prestigious, historical and well-located development of The General."
"An exceptional three bedroom apartment with attractive views and parking. Downs Park West is a beautifully presented and fully lateral apartment found on the top floor of this handsome Grade II listed building. The accommodation has been extensively refurbished throughout, using the highest qual..."
"An exceptionally inviting and well arranged 3 bedroom modern detached house situated in a peaceful and sought after location in Sneyd Park. Further benefiting from a south facing rear garden, off street parking and a garage. Situated in Sneyd Park, one of Bristol's sought after and leafy area..."
"Sitting proudly in the primary catchment for Redland Green school, this satisfying three bedroom family home has a large south west facing garden, spacious rooms and potential to further expand. Residents permit parking is available and there is also the potential to have a garage added to the sale."
"This 1930s semi on St Agnes Avenue is available for the first time in 40 years - with stunning views toward Bristol, there is plenty of space for the next family to grow into!"
"This is a wonderful Victorian terrace family home, located in ever popular Horfield, on a side road, being just off the dynamic Gloucester Road with all its incredible run of independent shops and extensive amenities. The house has been extended out the back and into the loft to provide well b..."
"An extended two-bedroom plus study end of terrace home sold with no onward chain. Located close to Gloucester Road and its many popular amenities, the property is near great schools, including Bishop Road Primary School and Redland Green Secondary School. The property has been r..."
"An exciting opportunity to purchase a sizeable 1930s semi detached house in one of Westbury on Tryms favoured Roads. Lampeter Road is ideally placed for the nearby village shops, bars, restaurants and cafés, local bus routes, Canford Park and fabulous school catchments including Westbury on Trym ..."
"A spacious 3 bedroom semi-detached property on Cransley Crescent in Henleaze offered with no onward chain. Full of its original 1930's style character, this property would be perfect for a couple or family who want to add their own stamp. On entrance to the property you are greeted with ..."
"Book now for a ""Muddy Boots Day"" on Saturday 18th March for your opportunity to step inside the original factory building"
"BELFRY AVENUE, ST GEORGE! Situated on a quite cul-de-sac location within walking distance to the greenery of St Georges park and the vibrant Church road amenities sits this spacious and well presented two bedroom period home; Ideal for first time buyers and investors alike! The property welc..."
"A beautifully presented and well-proportioned 3 double bedroom, 3 bathroom, waterfront apartment with sunny aspect and direct water views, set within the impressive Custom House harbour side development."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** **PRIME LOCATION** A truly unique property that needs to be seen to be appreciated! Currently utilised as three separate flats, this property is an excellent investment opportunity. Our lettings department believe each flat can obtain a rental value of £800-&p..."
Spacious penthouse apartment in the exclusive BS1 location. The main aspect is SOUTH FACING with lovely views across the city and hills beyond. The apartment benefits from two double bedrooms both with en-suite. The bespoke modern kitchen is thoughtfully laid out and arranged open plan to the lo...
"Positioned within a substantial corner plot is this characterful, Edwardian, detached, three bedroom, bungalow. Marketed with no onward chain."
Hollis Morgan – LAND | NEW HOMES - A Freehold DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY with PLANNING GRANTED to create a scheme of 5 FLATS with a GDV in the region of £1.5m
"""We bought this house eleven years ago because we found the house, the garden and the location great, with easy access to the centre, thirty minutes on foot and ten minutes on a bicycle. there is a regular bus service. It has been extended, and money and time has been spent on the garden. The kit..."
"A beautifully presented, four bedroom, semi detached family home. Providing easy access to Southmead Hospital and local amenities"
*VERSATILE HOME WITH ANNEX IN TRANQUIL LOCATION* Holbrook Moran are delighted to bring to market this substantial detached property set on the edge of Magpie Bottom Nature Reserve. Being sold with no onward chain. 
"Offered with no onward chain – a 3 bedroom, 2 reception semi-detached family house with driveway parking, detached garage and a circa 60ft south facing rear garden with a very pleasant wooded outlook set in the leafy fringes of Blaise Castle Estate. Set in a very favourable southerly setting o..."
SUBSTANTIAL SEMI DETACHED HOME WITH LARGE BUNGALOW IN THE GARDEN!! PERFECT FOR THOSE SEEKING TO LIVE WITH ELDERLY RELATIVES WHILST STILL WANTING INDEPENDENCE! TLS Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this substantial property in the sought after Hanham area comprising a three / f...
"Matthews Estates are delighted to bring to the sales market this grand 3 bedroom, mid-terraced home, situated in one of Bristol's most sought after locations of Knowle. Positioned just a short stroll away from Perretts & Redcatch Parks, Hillcrest Primary School and being situated in the heart of ..."
"A GORGEOUS , 4 bed, Grade II listed farmhouse taking centre stage in the Staunton Manor Courtyard development. Located in the sought after Whitchurch Village."
"Matthews Estates are delighted to bring to the sales market this beautifully presented, vastly extended, four bedroom, terraced, 1930's family home, situated on Stoneleigh Road, Knowle, within very close proximity of Redcatch Park, Knowle Park Primary School and within a level walk of all the sho..."
"A striking 4 bed detached family home ticking all the boxes with double bedrooms, master ensuite, office and gorgeous kitchen/diner. A sought after Whitchurch development that certainly provides the WOW factor."
** Excellent Opportunity ** Superb plot currently housing a generous four bedroom detached bungalow with the additional benefit of a potential building plot to the rear that has had pervious planning for a second detached home. Located down a private lane with three other detached homes ...
CJ Hole Brislington are delighted to welcome to the sales market this five bedroom semi-detached family home in Brislington.
"A delightfully presented four bedroom semi detached family home with driveway parking and west facing gardens, situated in a sought after road on the Westbury / Henleaze borders with excellent access to all local amenities and walking distance of Horfield Junior School. Viewing is highly..."
Maisonette on 2nd and 3rd floors of a Georgian Crescent.  Original Fireplace and with High Ceilings.  The property is literally littered with many original features. It is currently being used as a Holiday let.   The communal gardens of Cornwallis Crescent are truly...
"Offering a flexible live/work arrangement and set within an original building of The Chocolate Factory, Greenbank"
" First opportunity to step inside this stunning townhouse, converted from a former Victorian factory and ideally lcoated in Greenbank BS5. "
"A stunning, light and spacious 3 double bedroom apartment situated on the second floor of this recently constructed stylish development, with direct elevated views over the floating harbour towards the SS Great Britain and the added benefits of, lift access a spacious southwest facing balcony (wi..."
Andrews are pleased to offer a wonderful three bedroom two bathroom end of terrace home which benefits from both a front and rear garden. The property is tucked away in a secluded location that is not at all overlooked. The property benefits from being an end of terrace and is situated...
An exceptionally roomy and flexible 1960s townhouse on the popular Northover Road in Westbury on Trym.
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase an extended family home situated in a sought after cul-de-sac on the edge of the ever desirable Westbury on Trym village with driveway, garage and generous rear garden. The house backs onto Westbury Wildlife Park and has wonderful views towards Westbury Church...."
"A beautifully presented detached home in Whitchurch Village. Three DOUBLE bedrooms (formerly a four bed) the versatile accommodation in brief comprises, entrance porch, hallway, full length sitting / dining room with feature gas fireplace and French doors overlooking the rear garden. The beautifu..."
"Positioned within the fabulous Bristol suburb of Coombe Dingle, an area surrounded by natural beauty, is this beautifully presented semi-detached family home. Arbutus Drive is located just a few hundred yards from the wonderful woods and parkland's of both the Kings Weston & Blaise Castle Estates..."
"4 Lansdown Place forms part of a handsome grade II* listed terrace (constructed circa 1835), next to the Victoria Square Gardens, in the heart of Clifton Village and within walking distance of its many amenities. It should be noted that this Hall Floor Apartment has one step into the building but..."
"This family home has been renovated to a very high standard, with modern yet traditional fixtures and fittings throughout."
Hollis Morgan – APRIL LIVE ONLINE AUCTION - A Freehold DEVELOPMENT SITE ( 0.15 Acres ) with PLANNING GRANTED to erect a scheme of 6 X FLATS and 3 X TOWNHOUSES with a GDV £2.6m
"An incredibly spacious and well located 4 double bedroom maisonette, occupying the entire lower ground floor and half of the hall floor of this most attractive period building. Enjoying the rare advantage of a front garden which is currently landscaped to provide off street parking for 2 cars. ..."
"A 3 Bed DETACHED bungalow with 1 bed Annexe. Large plot with huge potential and the opportunity for extending (STPP). Garages, driveway and GORGEOUS views."
"Marketed with no onward chain is this three bedroom, detached family home, that has been owned by the same family for 35 years."
An impressive period apartment of circa 1200 sq. ft covering the entire top floor of this handsome period semi-detached townhouse. Off street parking and beautiful views both front and back.
Brought to the market with no onward chain is this bright and airy home recently been decorated. This property benefits from a southerly facing garden and garage to the rear. 
A spacious 4 bedroom family home measuring circa 145 sqm that backs on to playing fields and has a double garage.
"Now Available this stunning 4 bedroom detached family home situated in the ever popular Frenchay, BS16."
"A beautifully presented and meticulously renovated 2 bedroom end of terrace house on Constitution Hill with a large garden, side access and far reaching views."
"Cj Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three-bedroom, semi-detached 1930's built home in Ashton."
"A rare opportunity to acquire this three bedroom detached bungalow which sits on a generous plot. The accommodation in brief comprises of an entrance porch, entrance hallway, three bedrooms, master with en-suite, lounge, kitchen breakfast room, two conservatories and a main bathroom. ..."
"Stunning four bedroom townhouse on the St George and Hanham border. The particularly special property features a stunning garden, exceptional views and home office plus utility. Last but not least it offers two garages AND spacious driveway."
"Nestled in the greenery of Durdham Down in Redland, The Vincent is Pegasus’s Showcase of luxury later living in the heart of this fashionable city. Inspired by its Victorian heritage, the development is being created to offer 65 one, two and three bedroom apartments which occupy the refurbi..."
"A stylish and contemporary two bedroom house on Trelawney Road in Redland. Newly built to an exceptional standard with a large open plan living area, both bedrooms being good size doubles, and a private enclosed courtyard. A great alternative to buying a flat."
"Offered with no onward chain is the charming, link-detached, three bedroom home boasting an generous, L-shaped lounge/diner with full width window and sliding door onto a garden."
A sophisticated waterfront home with two south facing terraces and parking
"An attractive and well located, semi-detached 3-bedroom home situated toward the head of a peaceful cul de sac with the rare advantage of an attractive landscaped south west facing garden along with an adjoining garage. The ground floor comprises; Entrance hall, fitted kitchen, living..."
A golden opportunity to purchase this stylish Victorian home that is beautifully perched just above the village affording stunning views across BS9 to the rear.
"Positioned on the popular Lakewood Crescent, backing onto Badocks Wood and with great access to Westbury on Trym and Henleaze high streets, is this conveniently located and superbly extended four bedroom semi-detached family home. There is potential for further off street parking and the property..."
"This substantial (1,635 sq. ft) and well-proportioned 4/5 bedroom detached house with South facing rear garden is well-presented throughout and enviably positioned, tucked away in the desirable Cave Drive cul-de-sac, Downend, overlooking Britannia Woods"
"The Portman being the flagship of this Bovis Homes development comes with very adaptable accommodation spread over three floors and comprises entrance hall with a cloakroom a large modern fitted kitchen dining/living room on the ground floor, with the lounge/bedroom 3 and a family bathroom to the..."
A substantial Victorian semi-detached home which offers plenty of space inside and out with plenty of potential to create something truly special!
"A spacious 4 bedroom terrace house set within the ever popular development of The Chocolate Factory, Greenbank. Show home available to view. Book your appointment now."
" AVAILABLE NOW - This four bedroom terrace family home boasts stong eco credentials, south-facing balcony and garage.  "
"""I've lived in Totterdown for thirty years, ten years in lower Totterdown and then I moved to upper Totterdown to Upper Street for more room due to my large family, I fell in love with the garden and quirkiness of the house and beautiful views. The neighbourhood is very friendly, my children went..."
"A most welcoming and attractive period terraced house on the hidden gem that is Bellevue cottages. The three bedroom, three floor property is a beautiful mix of period elegance and modern stylish accommodation."
"Hopewell are delighted to offer to the market, this modern 4 Bedroom renovated Family Home. Situated within the leafy suburbs of Westbury-On-Trym and with easy access to schools, amenities and good transport links. This modern house has lots to offer from open plan living, to four ge..."
Michael Nicholas Estate Agents are proud to offer to the market this 'OUTSTANDING' and EXTENDED 1930's 4 bedroom semi-detached family home. Having been subject to a very recent programme ...
" This four double bedroom modern home has been designed and built by the current owners and offers a fantastic oppurtunity to aquire a substantial family home. The property, built in 2001, has a timber frame construction with superior wall insulation and the insulation in the roof provi..."
"Greenwoods have the pleasure of offering to the market this charming barn conversion which is full of character and retains many of its original features. The accommodation briefly comprises; Sitting room with french doors opening to the garden, Dining room, Fitted Kitchen with under floor heatin..."
"No Onward Chain! A beautifully presented to an exceptional standard is this luxurious home situated on the edge of Whitchurch Village. The extended accommodation comprises entrance hall with sweeping staircase and bespoke fitted storage under, office / playroom, downstairs WC and Utility room. Si..."
Located on the sought after Redrow development of Frenchay Gardens on Alexander Road sits this beautifully presented three storey semi-detached home.
A semi-detached home is a blend of the traditional facade with a high-quality contemporary finish and benefits from only being 5 years old.
Calling investors - a potential 11% gross return with tenants in situ or vacant possession offered or a sizeable family home.
"An exceptional two-bedroom apartment with parking. From a welcoming entrance hall, a generous sitting room and dining room creates the perfect place to entertain or simply relax, boasting a dual aspect with an attractive outlook and a high degree of natural light. A bespoke kitchen enjoys a ran..."
"A superb two storey duplex penthouse apartment in a highly sought-after central Bristol location, with a private roof terrace, allocated off-street parking, private storage pod and concierge service."
"Sizeable, and extensive family home with flexible accommodation. The gardens extend to front, rear and side and are of more than generous proportions, and perhaps offer scope for further development and use, subject to planning permission. "
"A DETACHED 3 bed bungalow on the popular WELLS Road. A gorgeous home boasting HUGE garden, summer house with power and parking for MULTIPLE vehicles."
"Call Connells to book your viewing in this much desirable Southville location, within close proximity of the ever popular vibrant North St with its many independent shops, bars and cafes."
"This handsome four double bedroom detached home located in a tucked away cul-de-sac in the heart of a modern development enjoys excellently presented and improved accommodation well suited to upsizing families. Internally, upon entering the ground floor you are greeted by a welcoming e..."
"“We've lived on Aubrey Road as both young professionals and as a family, and it's been perfect for both. It’s a great road to live on with a safe community feel. It’s only a short walk to North Street for coffee shops and bars and there is a nursery conveniently within a 5 minute walk. There are..."
 Opportunity to develop! This 1348 Sq. Ft Grade II listed four bedroom semi detached period family home located in the desirable are of Montpelier comes complete with rear garden and off road parking for two vehicles. In addition there is potential to convert the attic into further accommodat...
CJ Hole Brislington are pleased to present this four bedroom detached property in St Annes.
"Set within an idyllic position in St Werburghs is this elevated mid-terraced Victorian home. Looking across the road onto the City Farm and the allotments this property gives you the sense of a quiet rural location, whilst providing easy access to Bristol's city centre. Internally the pr..."
SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME!! REAR GARDEN!! TWO RECEPTIONS!! EN-SUITE!! CLOSE TO SCHOOL AND AMENITIES!! DRIVEWAY PARKING!! DOUBLE GARAGE!! Blue Sky are delighted to offer for sale this fantastic detached family home located on Causley Drive in Barrs Court. The property is ideally l...
A chain-free Georgian conversion 1-bedroom property on Coronation Road in Southville with parking. This is a perfect location for all of the City.
"COMPLETION ESTIMATED JUNE 2023 – One of just two stylish 3 bedroom new build homes in Cotham, boasting stunning open plan living, private courtyard and strong eco credentials with TOTAL energy costs estimated at just £1,083pa."
"An extended family home located in a popular road close to amenities & comprising; entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, separate dining room, kitchen/diner, 4 bedrooms, modern bathroom & modern shower room. Other benefits include; garage with electric operated door, off street parking for 3 cars, ma..."
"An attractive Redrow built executive detached property situated in a popular location within Barrs Court, the accommodation comprises of entrance hallway, downstairs cloakroom/wc,lounge,dining room and kitchen To the first floor are four bedrooms with en suite to master and bathroom."
"‘Tree Rise was established to provide exceptional family homes designed for the ‘new normal’. We wanted to focus on flexibility, space and convenience, our ‘future-proof’ homes provide the complete longevity modern families now require’"
This three/four-bedroom property is located on a sought after crescent just off Wick Road. The property has been updated and maintained to a high standard by the current owners. With stylish and bright interior this home is sure to command plenty of interest. The accommodation comprising. Entranc...
"Hunters Estate Agents are pleased to bring to the market a substantial five bedroom extended semi-detached family home situated on the extremely popular Bridgwater Road in Uplands. This fantastic property has a spacious layout throughout which comprises in brief of a living room. dining room, kit..."
"This stunning FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM semi detached property is PERCECT FOR FAMILIES and STILL UNDER NHBC. You simply wont get more house for your money per sqft on this HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER Redrow estate on the old Frenchay Hospital site. Close to lots of local amenities including good schools, trans..."
"** PLEASE INTERACT WITH OUR MARKET LEADING VIRTUAL TOUR ** Offered with no onward chain is this super family sized detached home, situated close to all amenities including shops, bus routes, Bristol to Bath cycle track and Page Park. This well loved home boasts, hallway, full depth lounge, din..."
"Never judge a book by it's cover, this stunning home has a double extension which is very unusual for the area due to planning constraints."
A delightful one bedroom apartment on the first floor with open plan living area and additional dining area with balcony.
An immaculate and well-presented two bedroom modern apartment with communal gardens and gated parking. Sold with no onward chain. This spacious and light filled apartment sits on the second floor of a much sought-after modern residential building which also includes lift access. A particular fea...
"One of the most popular roads in Whitchurch...Whitecross Avenue! This 1930's four-bedroom semi detached home has recently been updated throughout and transformed into a loving family home. With its spacious design, modern colours and good size garden this is a property not to be missed! Brilliant..."
"This 1950’s, three bedroom, semi-detached home is positioned on the popular Lake Road, and has two generous reception rooms."
"A spacious three-bedroom semi-detached house in a quiet, residential close which has been well maintained and improved by the current owners. The main benefits are a beautiful open plan kitchen/diner with a separate utility, three well-proportioned bedrooms, an office and large gardens to the fro..."
" Set within a popular area of Hanham close to all local amenities and schools is this DETACHED PROPERTY. The light and airy accommodation to the ground floor comprises of TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, CLOAKROOM, KITCHEN and UTILITY ROOM. To the first floor are FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS and a modern RE-FITT..."
"A truly impressive grade II listed first floor flat in excellent location in Clifton - just a moment's stroll from Clifton Village, Whiteladies Road and Clifton Triangle.
A superbly finished 2 bedroom property, a master bedroom with en suite shower room and secure off-street parking."
"A four-bedroom let sold with tenants in situ, currently achieving £2160pcm (£25,920pa). The property is situated on a quiet residential street a short stroll away from the popular Gloucester Road and its many independent shops, supermarkets, cafés, and restaurants. The property is close ..."
"***INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*** Two properties currently under one title, One property is a Three Bedroom Terrace Home and the other is a Two Bedroom Newly Built Home being rented out for £800 pcm. If you need any more information please contact Daniel - "
"A charming and well presented 2 double bedroom, 2 bath/shower room split level hall floor apartment set in a fine grade II* listed Georgian period building on Royal York Crescent, a moment's walk to Clifton Village and with the benefit of communal gardens for the residents of Royal York Crescent ..."
"The Foxgloves are located in a beautifully restored, Grade II listed building, boasting high ceilings and wonderful deep window reveals.Home 189 has an elegant Kitchen/Diner, as well as a separate sitting room to the rear with French doors leading into your private garden. Downstairs ..."
A beautifully presented two bedroom Victorian house which is full of character and situated in a quiet backwater on the fringes of Brandon Hill and Clifton.
"A hidden city centre gem, this beautiful period property offers ample living space, garden and allocated off road parking. The property would make a perfect family home or investment property."
"A rarely available four bedroom semi detached property set aback from St John's Lane, with garage and driveway. Superbly located with easy access to the city centre and Temple Meads Train Station. Local amenities include the beautiful Victoria Park and Bedminster's North Street less than 1 mile away"
"The perfect ""rightsize"" move for the discerning buyer this sumptuously presented two double bedroom Hall Floor Garden Victorian apartment located in the most desirable road in Henleaze offers two substantial reception rooms with character features throughout as well as a large rear garden."
"This spacious and beautifully maintained property would make the ideal home for the growing family. The property offers a welcoming approach with a generous front garden partly laid to lawn, a paved /tarmac driveway with a paved path leading to the rear garden. There is also a separate plot..."
"A truly impressive 2 double bedroom, 2 bath/shower room first floor apartment. Spacious and light throughout having a stunning semi open-plan kitchen/sitting room, communal front garden and secure off-street parking. No onward chain. A stylishly presented apartment forming part of this graci..."
This 4-bedroom Victorian end-of-terrace home on the popular road of Garnet Street in 'The chessels'
"CJ Hole Brislington are delighted to welcome to the sales market this five bedroom, link-detached home in Hengrove."
"A tastefully presented, three-bedroom, terrace, family home positioned on the ever popular ‘Hobhouse Close’ with an open outlook onto a charming residents green."
"This beautifully extended four bedroom semi-detached house boasts a two storey side extension and L-shaped Kitchen/Dining room, opening onto a private corner plot garden."
"CJ Hole Southville are delighted to present this Three Bedroom Victorian Terraced home, beautifully modernised and tastefully decorated, located in Southville."
"A stunning four bedroom detached house with spacious lounge & kitchen/dining room, en-suite & cloakroom, double driveway and detached garage. Beautifully landscaped garden to the rear."
"!!3D INTERACTIVE VIRTUAL TOUR!! A beautiful four bedroom detached home located on the popular Stoneberry Road in Whitchurch. The internal accommodation comprises; a lounge with feature fireplace and bay window, an attractive, open plan kitchen with range cooker, a bright and airy conservatory, ut..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain and immaculately presented four-bedroom, townhouse boasting mezzanine sitting room overlooking a stylish kitchen."
An exceptional four bedroom home in this popular family spot
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this beautifully presented, four double bedroom, family home situated on the popular location of ‘Strathearn Drive’."
"With fantastic Harbourside views, this bright and spacious two double bedroom, two bathroom apartment is situated in one of Bristol’s premier waterside locations."
A rare opportunity to secure a red brick home offering sitting close to a raft of amenities
"An extended halls adjoining semi-detached family home located conveniently for amenities & commuting routes. The accommodation comprises; hall, cloakroom, lounge, outstanding open plan kitchen/diner with appliances, utility room, study, modern bathroom & 3 good sized bedrooms. Other benefits incl..."
"A beautifully presented, two bedroom harbourside apartment forming part of a stunning Georgian terrace that was recently converted to the highest of standards. This particular apartment has commanding views across the floating harbour and direct panoramic views of the water, lots of character and..."
"Three-bedroom semi-detached property in need of modernisation, sold with no onward chain. The property is situated on a popular residential road a short stroll to Horfield Common with its tennis courts, community café and children’s play area and close to the popular Gloucester Road and..."
"Launching soon 3 bedroom semi-detached homes, with high specification & energy efficient state of the art heating and ventilation system."
"An immaculately presented four bedroom detached family home, situated on the popular Highridge Common in South Bristol. The house is offered for sale with NO CHAIN & boasts generous living space throughout, briefly comprising of a living room, dining room, kitchen, utility room, downstairs W/C, f..."
A spacious four bedroom terraced situated house in a highly-sought after area of Bedminster
"A beautiful example of Victorian design and modern style, this wonderful three bedroom, apartment has been tastefully restyled by the current owners."
This 4th floor 2 bedroom apartment in the 'Robinson Building' has the best of both the original features of Robinson's Building and fantastic views across the city.
CJ Hole Southville are pleased to welcome to the market this three-bedroom property in Ashton Gate with NO ONWARDS CHAIN.
"A simply stunning 2 double bedroom hall floor flat with12ft high ceilings, many period features including original doors and working shutters, direct access to a very large lawned communal rear garden and allocated off-street parking space."
"**OVER 1700 SQ FT** FOUR WELL PROPORTIONED BEDROOMS** FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS PLUS KITCHEN** The accommodation of this heavily extended, large family home briefly comprises of; porch, entrance hall, living room with double doors into the second reception room and dining room. Another set of doubl..."
"Beautifully presented extended 1930' semi-detached home located in a popular spot in Hanham. This lovely home has been much improved over the years and offers a fantastic family size living space all within walking distance of local schools, Conham Nature Reserve and the High Street with its may ..."
"Set within one of the most sought after locations in Clifton, Victoria Square. A Grade II Listed 2nd floor flat featuring two bedrooms, a large sitting room and views over Victoria Park. "
"A particularly spacious (122 square metres) 3 double bedroom, 2 bathroom top floor flat spanning the entire top floors of 159-161 Redland Road."
Beautifully presented throughout this four bedroom home has the added bonus of a Southerly facing rear garden and well positioned for Beacon Rise Primary school perfect for a family home.
CJ Hole Brislington are pleased to welcome to the sales market this beautiful terraced two to three bedroom home located in Totterdown. 
"We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom lower ground floor garden flat. The property is situated between Whiteladies Road and Cotham Hill and well placed for Clifton Triangle, Bristol University, City Centre and Durdham Downs. Steps lead down to a courtyard area with front door le..."
"An immaculately presented detached bungalow on Lincombe Road, that has been completely renovated through out to the highest specification and finish with exceptional attention to detail."
" .Located along Jean Road, Brislington nestled alongside the Brislington brook is this amazing opportunity to purchase a property that simply offers so much, this unique extended three bedroom end of terraced home, with driveway, detached storage unit, games room/bar with one of the m..."
"This modern style property is in a great location in the heart of Totterdown. This wonderful area is close to the city centre and access to Bristol Temple meads train station. There are many local amenities , parks and shops on your doorstep. The property boast 4 bedrooms arranged over 3 leve..."
"THREE STOREY SEMI DETACHED home, OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING room, SEPARATE LOUNGE, two DOUBLE BEDROOMS and two SINGLE BEDROOMS with ENSUITE to main room and two further SEPARATE BATHROOMS."
"THREE BED home, OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING area, SEPARATE LOUNGE, two DOUBLE BEDROOMS & SINGLE/STUDY room, ENSUITE to main and separate FAMILY BATHROOM."
**DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY** An opportunity has arisen to purchase this three bedroom semi detached property with PLANNING PERMISSION GRANTED TO BUILD A THREE BEDROOM LINK DETACHED PROPERTY TO THE SIDE OF THE EXISTING HOUSE. Planning application number 21/04487/F. The property comprises: Entra...
"An opportunity has arisen to purchase this three bedroom semi detached property with PLANNING PERMISSION GRANTED TO BUILD A THREE BEDROOM LINK DETACHED PROPERTY TO THE SIDE OF THE EXISTING HOUSE. Planning application number 21/04487/F. The property comprises: Entrance porch, Entrance hall, cloa..."
"Matthews Estates are delighted to offer to the market this charming, characterful, three bedroomed Victorian, terraced house in one of the most favoured parts of Bristol. Hampden Road is enviably situated, on the borders of both Knowle and Totterdown, both of which are extremely popular for famil..."
"Design-led attention to detail and specification-rich homes that maximise today’s open plan lifestyle are at the core of Charterhouse Yard. This exclusive development, with its own gated entrance, comprises two mews houses, five town houses and two coach houses, all with private roof ga..."
"The Foxgloves are located in a beautifully restored, Grade II listed building, boasting elegant high ceilings and wonderful stone work. Home 190 has a stunning Kitchen/Diner which benefits from two beautiful windows with deep reveals, as well as a separate sitting room to the rear w..."
"The Foxgloves are located in a beautifully restored, Grade II listed building, boasting high ceilings and wonderful deep window reveals. The stunning stonework makes for a truly unique home. This splendid four-bedroom home boasts a fantastic kitchen/diner complete with integrated a..."
"A golden opportunity has arisen to acquire this delightfully refurbished ,brick built, 1930's semi detached family home situated in a superb position on the BS9 borders of Stoke Bishop & Sea Mills, adjacent to the renowned Blaise Estate. This charming home has been carefully improved and extended..."
"A golden opportunity to acquire this spacious (almost 800 sq ft) two double bedroom basement garden apartment set in the highly renowned & sought after Victoria Square in the heart of Clifton Village. An apartment of this nature, and in such a popular area is not likely to be on the mark..."
"Situated in the historic area of Easton, this spacious family home can be found. Offering easy access to public transport, local amenities on your doorstep and great local schools, this property is being offered no onward chain and is perfect for both families and investors a like"
Hollis Morgan – APRIL LIVE ONLINE AUCTION - A Freehold LARGE SEMI DETACHED HOUSE ( 2838 Sq Ft ) in need of BASIC UPDATING with scope for FAMILY HOME with ANNEX or HMO INVESTMENT.
"Boasting three/four bedrooms is this recently modernised, charming, semi-detached bungalow with light and airy lounge/diner with sliding doors onto a 20m, south facing, garden."
"Arranged over three levels is this characterful, spacious, four bedroom, period conversion offering Kitchen with natural stone worktops and island leading to a sun terrace/additional garden. Marketed with no onward chain. "
Hollis Morgan - A charming and deceptively spacious three story Victorian home with rear garden which has been thoughtfully restored.
A Victorian home offering a smart blend of retained period features and fresh modern decor.
"""We have loved living on Ashton Gate Road. We’ve had the best of both worlds with a quiet, peaceful street and the vibrancy of North Street and Wapping Wharf on our doorstep. It has been the perfect place to start our family, with a close-knit, supportive local community as well as great access t..."
Viewings commence Friday 31st March. A stylish and spacious first-floor flat with high ceilings in a prime Redland location. The light and bright accommodation is well balanced and is finished to a high standard throughout. The living room has an elegant bay window with origin...
"An exceptionally large (approx. 1,293 sq.ft) 3 double bed, top floor apartment positioned in a pleasant tree lined road. Accommodation comprises; a spacious living room with feature fireplace with sash windows to the front, fully fitted kitchen with window, 3 good sized double bedrooms, bathroom ..."
An exceptional 2 bedroom apartment on the fourth floor with beautiful westerly water views down the floating harbour with Ashton Court beyond.
" A fantastic 4 bedroom semi detached family home positioned on an enviable plot at the beginning of a popular cul-de-sac in Stoke Bishop, BS9. The house offers generous square footage and great scope and potential, being that it is on a sizeable corner plot. With local schools including Stoke Bi..."
" AVAILABLE NOW - Three bedroom new build, terraced home with roof terrace, integral garage and EV charging point. "
"Last remaining 3 bedroom terrace house set within the ever popular development of The Chocolate Factory, Greenbank. Book your appointment now to view the show home "
"""We have lived in Courtney Road for over 25 years. Our house has always been a very happy family home with a warm and welcoming atmosphere. The rooms are bright and spacious and have been perfect for our family living. We love the amount of storage space with built-in wardrobes in each bedro..."
"A classical, maisonette home at The General with parking."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain and located within an established modern development is this detached four bedroom home which we are sure will appeal to the growing family. Benefits include PVCu double glazing, gas central heating, enclosed gardens, a garage and ample off street parking. Th..."
"Set in an extremely sought after location on the borders of Henleaze & Westbury on Trym this fantastic family home will appeal to many buyers that want the benefit of three traditional local High Streets less than a mile from the doorstep. Offered with no onward chain, viewings are available as s..."
"An end of terrace Victorian home located at the end of the QUIET and desirable Copse Road! Offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN, the accommodation on the ground floor has exposed floor boards throughout and comprises an entrance hall, a light & airy sitting room with a log burner and integrated sliding d..."
"A spacious period semi detached home overlooking Downend Cricket Ground and located just a short walk from the amenities and facilities of Badminton Road. Two spacious reception rooms with bay windows, a modern bespoke kitchen with appliances, three good size bedrooms and a floored and boarded at..."
This well presented home would be perfect for a family with the added bonus of Southerly facing rear gardens and amazing views across Bristol and beyond.
"A superbly appointed end terrace, three bedroom family home benefits from an attractive rear garden, ample driveway parking, detached garage and situated in a sought-after location on the Westbury-on-Trym / Henleaze borders. Viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate this home. Ca..."
"This stunning architecturally designed, bespoke detached mews house can be found in a quiet location in Cotham, in close proximity to the ever-popular Gloucester Road."
"A spacious, two bedroom ground floor apartment set in a central and very convenient location a short distance from Whiteladies Road, city centre and the academic and commercial districts. Located on Cotham Vale, just off Hampton Road, the apartment is walking distance to both Chandos Road and Co..."
"This substantial and well-proportioned Georgian terraced house (1,945 sq. ft.) is bursting with potential and could be turned into an incredible 5-bedroom family. In need of internal modernisation and positioned in the quiet Brook Road cul-de-sac"
"This highly desirable Redrow design modern three bedroom semi detached home, located on this select development within Frenchay and close to a number of large open green spaces, including Stoke Park and Frenchay Common, as well as a number of local amenities and commuter routes. This light and ai..."
"This charming, cosy and characterful, cottage has been fully refurbished to a high specification throughout including LED lighting. Is marketed with no onward chain and situated in the Historic part of Westbury-on-Trym village."
"A 4 Bedroom house on British road in the Chessels, with lots of living space and a very useful garage with rear access."
"No Chain | Four Double Bedrooms | EPC - C | Council Tax Band - D Looking for a spacious bungalow with plenty of potential? Look no further than this charming 4-bedroom property located in the serene Dingle Close neighborhood of BS9, Sea Mills. This home boasts four generously sized bedrooms..."
"Offered with no onward chain, this 1950's spacious three bedroom semi detached home is ideal for a family. There is ample space for extensions/development to the rear and side. The property is ideally located in a quiet street and has easy access to the A38 and Bristol Airport. The accommodation ..."
"A well presented modern mews house situated on a private development in Picton Mews, Montpelier. This property has a lot to offer and is arranged over three floors with allocated parking and two double bedrooms. Accommodation on the ground floor comprises: main entrance hallway complete..."
An immaculate two bedroom apartment with a private terrace and harbourside views. Sold with no onward chain. The accommodation is entirely level and enjoys lift access. A prominent feature of this immaculate apartment is the open plan kitchen/breakfast and reception area. With engineered oak flo...
"A FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM, detached family home situated in Whitchurch Village on the former Horseworld site in a cul-de-sac built by Bellway Homes in 2018. The well proportioned accommodation comprises, entrance hall with storage cupboard, downstairs cloakroom, sitting room with windows to the front..."
"An impressive first floor apartment within the main building on this grand estate. Built in 1802 Repton Hall has an absorbing history, believed to be designed by Humphry Repton a notable landscape designer, it now houses luxurious apartments and forms part of the Brentry conservation area."
"An impressive 2/3 bedroom, 2 bath/shower room first floor apartment of circa 987 sq. ft., set within an attractive semi-detached Victorian building with high ceilings, bay fronted sitting room, impressive kitchen/breakfast room and use of small communal courtyard with bike storage. Generous pr..."
"""Badminton Road was our first home as a couple and has seen us grow to a family of four. Throughout that time we have built strong connections with many of our neighbours and took advantage of being right in the middle of the city. It's such an interesting place to live just a stone's throw from ..."
"A fourth floor, two-bedroom, two-bathroom balcony apartment with brilliant water views offered with no onward chain and underground parking."
"In the popular area ""The Chessels"" is this 3-bedroom Victorian terrace home on Pearl Street. This home is being sold chain free."
"CJ Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom, mid-terrace in Southville."
"Situated in a spacious corner plot, this semi detached home offers well proportioned rooms throughout with the added benefit of a full depth side extension that could be used as annexe accommodation for a dependent relative. Internally the ground floor consists of a welcome entrance ha..."
A stylish and individual Victorian townhouse located right in the heart of St. Pauls on Argyle Road. The accommodation is arranged over three floors and offers a flexible layout. At the rear of the lower ground floor is an impressive kitchen/dining space fitted with a range of contempor...
SUPERB FAMILY HOME!! FIVE BEDROOMS!! SEMI DETACHED!! ENVIABLE POSITION BORDERING WARMLEY AND BRIDGEYATE!! ACCESS TO SCHOOLS!! UTILITY & W.C!! BACKING ON TO BRISTOL/BATH CYCLE PATH!! GARAGE & PARKING!! This greatly enhanced and extended five bedroom semi detached family home nestling on the Warmle...
CHAIN FREE - A beautiful and spacious four bedroom home with off street parking and a fantastic garden. This modern family home also has scope for an annexe. EPC rating B.
"Beautifully presented four bedroom modern, contemporary style home set on popular recent development. Entrance hallway, living room, kitchen/diner and downstairs cloaks, three bedrooms (one with en suite) and family bathroom at the first, master bedroom and en suite to second, garage, gardens."
"A vast three double bedroom, two sun terrace apartment offered to the market in superb condition and benefitting for a double garage with no onward chain. "
"OFFERS ARE INVITED BETWEEN £425,000 & £475,000. A two bedroom top floor apartment spanning the full width of this grand, Grade II Listed house within an iconic Clifton Terrace. The apartment requires complete modernisation and refurbishment and will therefore suit an incoming purchaser that seeks..."
"A beautifully presented and spacious (104 sq.m/1119 sq.ft) contemporary ground floor apartment with a wealth of character features, set within this landmark building directly overlooking the water in the heart of Bristol."
Over 1200sq ft of flexible accommodation just 0.6 miles away from the vibrant North Street
"On the ground floor you have the entrance hallway with access into the integral garage, Study room / 4th bedroom, a separate cloakroom/wc and access into the rear garden. First floor: Open-plan lounge/ dining room with picture windows front & back and a separate fitted kitchen overlookin..."
"A very well presented and fully renovated three double bedroom family home, in Stoke Bishop in a quiet location with spacious and bright open plan kitchen/living room, South East facing garden and communal off-street parking."
An extended 4-bedroom property on Ashton Drive in Ashton Vale. This home is perfect for a growing family!
"This Top floor apartment comprises of: Lounge with far reaching views, Separate fitted kitchen, Two double bedrooms and a family bathroom. Externally you have communal gardens and a secure underground parking space, and guest parking. This property is conveniently situated ..."
"***UNEXPECTEDLY REAVAILABLE** Situated within a striking Regency terrace, this two bedroom raised ground floor garden apartment extends to approx. 836 sq. ft of accommodation with exquisite period detailing and an abundance of natural light. With character, charm and a versatile layout, the prope..."
"A modern harbourside home with panoramic views, balcony and parking."
"Charming, characterful and stylish are among some of the few words to describe this stone built Grade II listed cottage, a truly rare property to be presented to the BS11 market."
"This wonderfully unique two bedroom loft style apartment unfolds over the third floor and fourth floor within one of Bristol's most iconic industrial buildings. The apartment is created over 1,600 sq ft of carefully considered and open-plan space, where modern interventions complement an existing..."
"A stunning detached residence offering a fantastic opportunity to acquire a beautiful, extended home in a desirable cul de sac location in Barrs Court. The property is immaculately presented throughout and offers a wealth of space."
"Phenomenal waterside views, natural light and terrace access are all encompassing in this city centre apartment that offers private parking and no onward chain."
"Located in the heart of Westbury on Trym Village is this delightful period home. The accommodation spans three floors, has three bedrooms, two reception rooms, 14'5 x 12'8 kitchen/breakfast room. Shower room and bathroom."
"“We loved the location by the river and being able to see the river activity from our window and balcony. The apartment is always so full of light, in the summer windows wide hearing the buzz and in winter, super cosy and warm. The close proximity to local eateries and walk to the city centre and..."
"CJ Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom, Victorian Mid-Terraced property in Bedminster."
"Friezewood Road is located within the popular Ashton area of Bedminster, within close proximity of both cosmopolitan and vibrant North Street and Greville Smyth Park. Ashton is ideal for local schools, major transport links, Bristol Temple Meads and access to Bristol city centre. Offer..."
A spacious and central Clifton home with single garage.
CJ Hole Southville are pleased to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom property located in Bedminster.
"Stonebridge Shaw is pleased to bring to the market this completely refurbished and well presented, three bedroom terraced property with NO FORWARD CHAIN! Property Description: GROUND FLOOR Lounge: Double glass panelled doors leading from dining room, with double glazed UPVC windows set i..."
"We present this original style three/four bedroom detached modern home offered with no onward complicated chain. The well presented interior comprises entrance hall, ground floor cloakroom, built in storage cupboards, living room, open plan kitchen/diner and integrated side garage. On the first f..."
Ocean are pleased to offer this extended Semi Detached house in a popular cul-de-sac location in the heart of Shirehampton village.
"Sat at the end of Mivart Street in Easton sits Remerton House. A well presented and sizable property featuring double bay frontage, converted loft room/bedroom as well as three superb sized bedrooms and stylish bathroom. The property is ideally located with the ever popular and renowned St Marks..."
Connells are pleased to present to the market this1930's 3 bedroom semi detached property on a generous level corner plot with lawned gardens to three sides and driveway to a detached timber garage. Sure to be popular as this home offers huge potential.
A large detached 1960s bungalow available for the first time in 50 years. Occupying a corner plot in a quiet cul-de-sac location with fantastic far-reaching views just off St. Martins Road.
"Michael Nicholas are delighted to offer this imposing 1930's semi detached family home, which is set in a cul-de-sac location. The property briefly comprises of entrance porch, hallway,..."
"Wonderfully located and versatile, 3/4 bedroom mid terrace property arranged over 4 floors in an elevated position in the heart of Totterdown offering quite stunning views to the rear across the City. Benefitting from many local community amenities, shops and the gorgeous Victoria Park practicall..."
EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME!! GARAGE!! CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION!! EN-SUITE!! KITCHEN/DINER!! BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED!! Blue Sky are proud to offer for sale this superb detached family home located on the ever popular cul-de-sac of Roy King Gardens in Warmley. The property is ideally located clos...
"When it’s all about location, this 3-bedroom semi-detached family house is situated in the heart of Westbury village and overlooking the Trym. The property itself consists of Entrance hallway, Lounge area with bay window and fireplace, leading through into the dining room area with its rear..."
"The unrivalled location of this two double bedroom, two bathroom, spacious and luxurious, duplex apartment, overlooking the bustling thoroughfare of Pero's Bridge has stood proudly over the Floating Harbour since 1855. The exterior has been sympathetically modernized, this loft style apartmen..."
"Eveleighs are delighted to offer to the market this beautifully presented semi detached home situated in a popular location and being set back and slightly elevated from the road with a large lawned front garden and driveway to the front. Lovingly maintained by the present owners, the immaculate ..."
Located on the ever popular Trendlewood Park development is this 2 bedroom first floor apartment with a balcony. This superb home offers very well presented accommodation and is within close proximity to the M32 motorway providing a great transport link for commuting and easy access to the Bristo...
"A truly rare opportunity to purchase, two bedroom detached bungalow tucked away in quiet position betwixt Kellaway Avenue and Russell Grove on the borders of Henleaze and Westbury Park. The accommodation is arranged as; Entrance hall, living room, two bedrooms and bathroom. Living room t..."
"An exceptional, modern semi detached, three bedroom home on the extremely popular cul-de-sac Thornfield Road."
"Nestled within Warmley this beautifully presented, extended four bedroom family home is a must see. Set in a cul-de-sac location offering easy access to nearby shops for your day to day needs along with access to retail parks and Kingswood High Street that provides a wide and varied choice of sho..."
"This immaculately presented, four bedroom home is arranged over three floors boasting with a full-width lounge with French doors onto a charming sunny garden."
Being SOLD WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN. A superb opportunity to put your own stamp on a property. This three bedroom mid terrace house is right in the heart of BS3 and only a short walk from all the amenities of North Street as well as walkable distance to the City Centre and Temple Meads. In need of s...
The property features a lounge through to a dining room. Conservatory. The separate kitchen with access into a utility room with a doors leading onto the rear garden and garage and off street parking. With Blaise Castle just 0.3 mile away. Good access to the M4/M5 motorway links and Cribbs C...
"CJ Hole Bishopsworth are delighted to present this beautifully presented, new build home in Headley Park, being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"Parks Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this spacious 1930's style detached family home on popular Pool Road in Kingswood. Close to local amenities and eithin easy reach of Lees Hill playing field, this well presented home would make an impressive first time purchase or suit a household..."
"We present this new to the market classic double bayed mid terrace house arranged over three levels set in a popular and sought after Queensholm Crescent location. The spacious and stylish interior comprises entrance porch, hallway, kitchen, lounge, dining room and rear conservatory. On the first..."
Larger than average Townhouse located in Phase 3 of the redevelopment of the historic Paintworks. This bright and colourful home has a larger-than-average garden and an extra reception room when compared to most within the development. Plus it benefits from 2 allocated parking spaces in the secur...
"A beautifully finished two bedroom apartment with a spacious private balcony, surrounded by landscaping."
A 2 bedroom apartment within the front facing building at McArthur's Yard on the third floor with delightful water views and 2 balconies.
This extended 4 bedroom terraced home located in a highly sought after part of Downend.
"A contemporary style and spacious, modern semi-detached three bedroom family home presented to a high quality and luxury finish throughout. The house benefits from low maintenance, level rear garden and ample, front driveway. It is offered without complication and no onward chain. The beautiful i..."
"A delightful three bedroom modern townhouse set in the popular and friendly Royal Victoria Park development with the benefit of a garage/utility, allocated parking, and a private garden. The flexible accommodation is set over three floors with on the ground floor access to the garage / u..."
"""One of my favourite things about living here has been the Nightingale Valley - it's hidden away and you'd almost miss it if you didn't know it was there. It's literally a two minute walk from the house and such a beautiful and tranquil place for a walk at any time of day, in any season and somet..."
"""We have loved living at Flour House, it's a great location - the perfect balance of being close to local amenities and having lots on your doorstep, but equally a really peaceful spot - you wouldn't realise you're so central! The kitchen is great for entertaining and we have loved hosting family..."
"** PLEASE INTERACT WITH OUR MARKET LEADING VIRTUAL TOUR** A fine spacious three bedroom double bayed semi-detached house with lovely fully enclosed garden, garage and off-street parking. The house benefits from double glazing and the gas central heating. The accommodation briefly comprises cov..."
New to the market is this 3 Bedroom Semi-detached Redrow home finished to its Ludlow design. Offering an abundance of space through out this property and only built in 2019 this property is offered with 7 years still remaining on the NHBC.
"3 bedroom family home on a desirable road with amazing potential, a complete chain and stunning views to the rear. Perfect for someone after a house that they turn into their dream home."
A charming three bedroom Victorian terraced house situated within a short walk of vibrant North Street - offered to the market with no onward chain.
"A beautifully finished two bedroom apartment with a spacious private terrace, surrounded by landscaping."
"""This has been an amazing first home, and first 'project house' for us. We've spent the last five years turning this into our ideal home and the two daughters we've had while living here. It has plenty of room, off-street parking (we'll never go back!) a great location, really close to St. George..."
A stunning seventh floor apartment found in superb condition throughout and benefiting from phenomenal views over the Downs and two private garages.
This hall floor apartment benefits from light and space throughout and is finished to a very high standard. The spacious private garden to the rear is a rare find and certainly adds to the desirability of this wonderful property.
"Brought to the market with no onward chain, is this modern three storey townhouse, offering versatile accommodation with potential for five bedrooms, located with terrific access to the city centre. "
"**PLEASE INTERACT WITH OUR MARKET LEADING VIRTUAL TOUR** We are delighted to offer for sale this deceptively spacious three bedroom double bayed semi-detached house with lovely fully enclosed garden, garage and off-street parking. The property has been extremely well maintained and cared for, and..."
"A deceptively spacious town house built in 2019 and designed over three floors to provide versatile living accommodation situated in this popular modern Whitchurch Court development . The accommodation comprises ; Entrance hall, cloakroom, modern fitted kitchen and lounge/dining room with featur..."
"A double bay fronted Victorian family home situated in a quiet location just off the Gloucester Road in Horfield. The property offers three bedrooms, two separate receptions, an open plan kitchen/diner, a low maintenance garden with rear access and scope to further extend in to the loft and side ..."
"""Living in BS5 ourselves, we have seen first-hand how Whitehall, St George, Crews Hole and Easton have all rapidly grown in popularity in the last few years to become some of the most vibrant and trendiest neighbourhoods in Bristol. The Woodbines fit handsomely into their surroundings with a mix ..."
"RARE & EXCITING OPPORTUNITY to purchase this shop unit AND attached, 3 bedroom house right in the heart of Totterdown, on the A37 Wells Road itself. With space for 2 vehicles at the front of the property, this really is one lucky purchasers' chance to run and live alongside their business or of c..."
"""We knew instantly this was the house for us, having searched for months for a home with real charm, Belle Vue Road was just what we were looking for - open plan, great proportions and large, light-filled rooms. Since then, we’ve poured much love and hard work into the house, emphasizing its hand..."
"This 3 bedroom semi-detached family home situated in a sought-after area within Downend comes with off-street parking, a garage and a separate workshop with rear access."
"Modern style townhouse set in a convenient locality offering well proportioned accommodation over three levels. With lounge/diner, kitchen and w.c to the ground floor, there are two bedrooms and a bathroom to the first floor plus a master suite to the second floor. With an enclosed rear courtyard"
"An attractive semi-detached property with ‘kerb appeal’ aplenty presents the perfect opportunity for those looking for a spacious, executive style residence. With three bedrooms and well balanced accommodation laid out over two floors, we are sure it will appeal to an array of potential buyers."
"This stunning and luxurious apartment offers stylish chic and the perfect blend of modern contemporary finish alongside period charm. Here we find two double bedrooms, wonderful living space, and premium bathroom alongside superb light and views. The desirable location is the 'icing on the cake'."
"A wonderful two double bedroom Victorian end terrace home with attractive rear garden and workshop/home office, situated in a highly regarded position close to local schools, Tesco's at Golden Hill and within 5 miles of the M4 & M5 motorway network. Local Authority: Bristol Council Tel: ..."
A beautifully finished two bedroom apartment with a private balcony.
"An extended 5 bed family home that will have you ticking all your boxes! Open plan kitchen/diner/snug, separate lounge, downstairs shower room and gorgeous garden!"
"An extended, 5 bed semi detached home with kitchen/diner, utility room, downstairs WC and driveway. POPULAR Whitchurch area with schools, college, community hospital and leisure centre nearby."
"OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN!! This deceptively spacious semi detached property has been the vendors family home for many years and is situated in this popular location with good transport links to the City Centre. The accommodation comprises; Entrance porch, entrance hall, lounge, exten..."
"*** BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME NOW AVAILABLE *** A new build style, contemporary four bedroom house in the award winning development of Brickworks Close. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, kitchen/breakfast room, lounge/diner, utility and cloakroom. To the first floor you will find ..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain is this modern style, three bedroom, three storey townhouse, located in much desired Montpelier, tucked within a walled development."
"A stunning third floor apartment boasting double height ceilings, a wealth of modern design and wonderful communal gardens, located in the heart of Bristol."
*** NO ONWARD CHAIN *** A stunning two double bedroom third floor apartment situated in New Retort House on Bristol's picturesque harbourside.
"A freehold block of three well-presented, self-contained flats, situated in a popular residential location in Filton. The flats are fully-let producing £36,300 per annum and all benefit from modern kitchens/bathrooms, gas central heating and double glazing. There is a driveway to the front prov..."
"This spacious ground floor flat is situated within the renowned Clifton Village and benefits from all of its delightful boutique shops, cafes and restaurants being on its doorstep. Clifton village is one of the most sought-after areas and has long been one of the most desirable spots in the city...."
"A golden opportunity to acquire this well appointed two double bedroomed detached bungalow with gardens, driveway parking and garage all situated within this highly regarded and seldom available cul-de-sac position off of Shirehampton High Street. Properties in this condition and in this..."
"You do not want to miss the opportunity to view this three bedroom semi-detached home, with huge amounts of potential internally and externally ready to turn a house into a home!"
"A pretty brick fronted home with a 50ft southerly facing garden. The accommodation on the ground floor comprises two open plan reception rooms with a stripped wood floor, double glazed windows and an interconnecting archway. The front is used as a living room, while the rear works well a..."
Michael Nicholas Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this 1970's built 4 bedroom detached property. Set back from the road and situated within the popular Soundwell area of So...
"As good as new, a 79 square metre apartment with parking and balcony located on the popular General development."
A generous Victorian terrace located in the sought after area of St Werburghs.
Viewing Recommended - A waterfront penthouse apartment enjoying far reaching views over the attractive floating harbour and beyond to the Dundry Hills from most rooms. This spacious and light apartment forms one of the impressive penthouses within The Crescent development and has a private balcon...
"Offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN. This charming Victorian Terraced house is, without doubt, one of the most well presented and highly finished homes in the area. The ground floor features beautiful exposed floorboards which run through the hallway and the open-plan reception rooms, both with fireplac..."
"A stylish, modern and spacious townhouse in a fantastic convenient location."
"A fully renovated three bedroom Victorian terraced family home, with a front garden and private rear garden.  This superbly finished property is situated in the sought after Trelawney Park, Brislington just off Wick Road and only two minutes walk to the amenities of Sandy Pa..."
"This lovely THREE DOUBLE BEDFROOM in BS3 is nicely situated for local amenities including shops, schools and transport links all nearby. Well presented throughout this property is bright and spacious and will be a popular choice for many. The accommodation briefly comprises porch, entrance hall..."
"Boasting large, bright rooms, and views of the Old City, is this spacious three bedroom, split level apartment, situated over the top two floors on an historic Gothic Revival, Victorian building in the heart of Bristol."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain this exteneded semi-detached family home close to all local amenities. Spacious well presented accommodation offering 4 bedrooms, 2 en-suites, kitchen/diner, lounge, cloakroom, large entrance hall & family bathroom, garage (storage only), good size rear gard..."
Three bedroom Victorian terrace family home.
"**LOOK AT THE FINISH AND THE SPACE!!** This bright large home is so well laid out over three floors boasting 4 Double Bedrooms and 2 Reception Rooms! Just some of the benefits include log burner, wood work surfaces, integrated kitchen appliances, four piece bathroom, period features and a modern ..."
CJ Hole Southville are pleased to market a beautiful two bedroom terraced home in Southville. 
"A well-presented and modern townhouse located on St Lucia Crescent with great access to Horfield Leisure Centre and Horfield Common. Built in 2012 and providing flexible accommodation over three floors, this well looked after home consists of three double bedrooms, a south facing garden and a pri..."
"Set just off of the Durdham Downs, a spacious top floor apartment designed and built by the renowned Benson Brothers. Occupying the entire top floor of this well managed building, the apartment enjoys a pleasant green outlook from all windows whilst the balcony offers views towards the downs. ..."
"Matthews Estates are delighted to bring to the sales market this fantastic, 4 bedroom, family home set in a sought after cul-de-sac which offers views to the rear over local green space, across the Whitchurch Railway Path towards Stockwood & Whitchurch Village and is set within a short walk of th..."
"BOOK YOUR APPOINTMENT TO VIEW!The Beech offers a wealth of living space, generously designed over three floors, with the hub of the home on the ground floor boasting an open plan kitchen, diner and lounge.Whether its 4 bedrooms, a further reception room or a walk-in wardrobe, we've tak..."
"End of summer completion Discover the beautifully designed homes for sale at Elderberry Walk, a collection of 2, 3 &4 bedroom homes. Set in a landscaped setting and surrounded by woods and parkland - all just 20 minutes from Bristol's culturally vibrant scene.Plot 14 is a brand new 4 bedro..."
"From the moment you walk through the door, this property has a light and airy feel. To the left of the hallway you have a separate bay front lounge, and to the rear you have a lovely extended open plan kitchen / diner with stripped floor, Fireplace and bi-folding doors lending into the rear garde..."
"“Over the last six years, we've really made this house our home. We love having the garden which is our little slice of oasis in the middle of the city, particularly over the recent manic years of lockdowns! Our neighbours make this place extra special and we've truly made friends for life over t..."
"Vendor Comment: 'Mum has owned Ridgewood for 30 years and as a family we have spent many, many happy times here. Being a ground floor flat the joy of the flat is its position. It has a small conservatory with doors opening directly onto the garden, which feels very private, as it’s tucked ..."
BEING SOLD WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN. This lovely four bedroom link-detached property in Barrs Court is well situated for good schools and local amenities and is PERFECT FOR FAMILIES. Well presented throughout this property is light and spacious throughout. The accommodation briefly comprises entra...
"Part of Phase 3 of the redevelopment of the historic Paintworks, this light and colourful townhouse has enough space to satisfy a variety of needs - stylishly decorated, bursting with life and charm while offering flexible living and all the perks you expect from a house built in 2017!"
Andrews is proud to offer a three bedroom semi detached family home benefitting from a garage and being sold with no onward chain.
"A superb four bedroom semi-detached property located on the popular Embassy Road in Whitehall featuring an extended ground and first floor offering additional reception room, utility room, double bedroom with en-suite bathroom and new kitchen together with large driveway for multiple vehicles. O..."
This modern four-bedroom home is now available to buy in this great urban development. The property consists of an open plan diner/kitchen that has integrated white goods. To the rear of the diner/kitchen area you will find patio doors that lead out into an easily maintainable garden finished wit...
"""Despite the house needing substantial renovation when we first saw it, we felt it was a good investment opportunity given its size and location. It was a chance to create a modern living environment that suited our lifestyle, and we ended up carrying out work for eight months before we moved in!..."
"End of Summer completion Discover the beautifully designed homes for sale at Elderberry Walk, a collection of 2, 3 &4 bedroom homes. Set in a landscaped setting and surrounded by woods and parkland - all just 20 minutes from Bristol's culturally vibrant scene.Plot 13 is a brand new 4 bedro..."
"""When we bought Muller Road, we didn't realise what an amazing location it was. We knew we wanted to be a short walk from St Werburghs with its City Farm, climbing centre, Narroways nature reserve and great pubs, but then we discovered the delights of Eastville Park, Purdown and Stoke Park, Snuff..."
"Conveniently set in this sought-after location within easy access to the Luckwell primary school, Harbourside, City Centre as well as vibrant North St with independent shops and cafes. Local schools are excellent, so it presents a wonderful opportunity to acquire a proper family home which also b..."
"This superb two bedroom Clifton apartment is a rare find given the extensive garden, spacious dimensions. private entrance, vaulted storage/separate utility and front courtyard. The wonderful property is all set within this handsome Georgian building located in a desirable part of Clifton."
"""We moved to Altringham Road when we were expecting our first child. We fell in love with the location right by St George park and a five-minute walk from Church Road. We wanted a Victorian home and could see the potential of this unassuming two-up-two-down. Over the years as our family..."
Nestled in a cul-de-sac location within Hanham is this immaculately presented three bedroom detached home offered with no onward chain. Located within easy reach of local schools and other nearby amenities and perfectly placed to access Hanham High Street that boasts a selection of independent sh...
A versatile four-bedroom home on the popular 'Butterfields' development located in Horfield within touching distance of Southmead Hospital & Gloucester Road.
UNEXPECTEDLY RETURNING TO THE MARKET! This extensively extended semi-detached home is offered to the market with no onward chain and provides sizeable dimensions along with well-tended gardens and driveway leading to a sizeable garage. 
NO CHAIN - A rare opportunity to acquire this fully refurbished spacious two bedroom ground floor apartment forming part of this Georgian terrace. With a large rear garden the property is a stones throw to the triangle & Clifton Village is just a short distance away which offers excellent shoppin...
"Offered with no onward chain is this well-presented, three-bedroom, terraced, family home nestled in a peaceful cul-de-sac."
A stylish and contemporary two bedroom maisonette with large garden at The General.
"An exceptionally bright two bedroom bay fronted period terraced property. Offering open plan kitchen/dining, seperate living room as well as a newly fitted bathroom, two double bedrooms and a low maintenance rear garden. This property is perfectly located with North Street on your doorstep."
An exciting opportunity to purchase a highly energy efficient three-story townhouse with courtyard garden moments from the Mina Road & Park.
"A well designed 2 bedroom apartment on the fourth floor at McArthur's Yard with open plan living, private balcony and additional Juliet balcony."
"Being sold with no onward chain, this lovely three storey townhouse situated in the ever popular and iconic Paintworks development in Bristol's Creative Quarter. Flexible accommodation over three floors and beautifully decorated to a high standard throughout. The accommodation briefly comprises ..."
"This mid-terrace home features a kitchen/dining room, a sitting room with French doors leading to the garden and handy cloakroom downstairs.
The first floor has three spacious bedrooms, one with an ensuite, and a family bathroom.This home also has an allocated parking space. ^..."
"A Truly STUNNING DETACHED Property immaculately presented, benefiting from having been upgraded by the current owner."
*** EXCITING OPPORTUNITY RESTAURANT WITH BASEMENT AND TWO ONE BEDROOM FLATS *** Introducing to the market is this newly established restaurant with two separate flats on the first floor and an entire floor basement below the ground floor. The premises comprises of well-pr...
"A fantastic 1930's style extended semi detached family home situated in a Cul De Sac and occupying a sizeable plot with a large attached garage/utility and driveway with parking for several cars. Lovingly maintained by the current owners, the accommodation in brief comprises entrance porch, hallw..."
"A five bedroom home offering two receptions, kitchen/breakfast room, shower room, attic with en-suite, garage and gardens."
No onward chain. A quite wonderful modern semi detached townhouse in a fantastic cul-de-sac location. This is a stunning home that truly deserves an internal viewing.
A stunning 2 bedroom apartment on the second floor in The Cutting Room at Factory No. 1. Offering a dual aspect living room and private balcony overlooking the gardens.
"Great proportions, presentation and location are just for starters with this delightful Period Villa, and we can't forget to mention its fireplace and stripped floorboards. Situated just off the A4 Bath Road with its direct links to both Bristol and Bath and with the cafes, bars and conveniences ..."
CJ Hole Brislington are pleased to present to the sales market this four bedroom terraced property located in the popular Sandy Park area.
"Hunters are pleased to offer for sale this deceptively spacious extended four/five bedroom chalet style semi detached property situated in this popular location in BIFIELD ROAD in Stockwood. The accommodation comprises; Entrance hall, reception room/bedroom, bathroom, kitchen, lounge and extended..."
"A superb detached bungalow offered in excellent condition throughout that benefits from parking and a detached garage all located on a generous plot in a quiet cul-de-sac location. Call, Click or Come in and visit our experienced sales team Local Authority: Bristol City Council..."
Hollis Morgan - A spacious two bedroom flat occupying the hall floor of this beautiful period property. Stunning period features and a fantastic location. Offered to the market with No Chain.
"Offered for sale with no chain is an attractive brick fronted Victorian home with a 50ft garden. The accommodation on the ground floor comprises a lounge to the front, with a bay and sash windows, period fireplace, picture rail and ceiling cornice. To the rear, the light and bright kitch..."
**MODERNISED VICTORIAN HOME** **POPULAR** **4 BEDROOMS** Purplebricks is proud to present this lovely 4 bedroom period style home on the popular Cassell road. A traditional hallway welcomes you in with a bay fronted lounge. To the rear is a spacious dining area with fireplace that leads thr...
"A bright and airy hall floor apartment set just off of Whiteladies Road with its own private garden! A spacious and characterful two bedroom apartment, just moments from an array of independent coffee shops bars and restaurant whilst being within easy reach of Bristol University. Occupying th..."
A 2 bedroom semi detached Bungalow with a garage located on the ever popular Shrubbery Road.
"*FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY* This three-bed family home has plenty of space with two reception rooms, a fitted kitchen, three bedrooms, with two doubles and one single, as well as a family bathroom. A fantastic feature is the self-contained annexe which accompanies the main house!"
"On a calm street, moments from Gloucester Road, this standout two-bedroom Victorian home has been thoughtfully improved over time by the current owners, and all within a handsome facade, it's a near-perfect first home for a couple or young family."
"Hunters BS4 are delighted to bring to the open market this well cared for, larger than average Victorian family home. Situated on the popular Greenmore Road in the heart of upper Knowle. Close to local schools and amenities with Boardwalk on the doorstep offering a range of shops, bakeries, cafes..."
"Situated on a popular road, this larger style TRADITIONAL 1930'S three bedroom semi detached family home REQUIRES UPDATING, offers a good size rear garden, and MUST BE VIEWED for the true potential to be realised."
"CJ Hole Bishopsworth are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom, semi-detached family home in Bishopsworth."
"Stylish three bedroom end-of-terrace home situated in the popular area of Hengrove. Being sold with No Onward Chain, this beautiful modern property offers easy living for any family or first time buyer looking for comfort and elegance in there home"
This superb three double bedroom semi-detached property is situated just 120 metres from Shirehampton village centre. It's elevated position affords the property incredible panoramic Southerly views that are sure to impress anyone privileged to experience them. A particularly generous reception h...
"** FOUR BEDROOMS ** CUL DE SAC POSITION ** EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED ** Accommodation comprises of; entrance hall, lounge, open plan kitchen/diner, downstairs wc and integral garage. To the first floor can be found four bedrooms, master en suite and family bathroom. The property benefits..."
"'This house has seen many of our firsts: it's the first house we bought together, it's seen us get our first pet, and bring home our first child and so it feels very emotional to sell it. We hope that the next owners also get to experience a lot of their own firsts in it.'"
"""We have absolutely loved living on Gilbert Road, it's a friendly street and has the benefit of the ever-changing shops, cafes and restaurants on Church Rd, the bike path and St George's Park on its doorstep. We bought this property as a project knowing that it would one day make a fantastic fami..."
"A delightful 2 bedroom house on Elmdale Road in Bedminster, beautifully decorated and with the bonus of a South facing Garden."
"VIRTUAL TOUR - Berkeley Estates & Management are pleased to market this extremely well presented, three bedroom, top floor maisonette for sale. The apartment boasts a large amount of communal space along with three well proportioned double bedrooms. Period sash windows offer an abundance of n..."
"Cj Hole Southville are pleased to welcome to the sales market this two bedroom, terrace home in Windmill Hill with NO ONWARDS CHAIN."
Andrews is proud to offer a two bedroom penthouse apartment with phenomenal water views situated in a great location and is offered to cash buyers only. 
"Vendor Comment ""We have loved living on Charlotte St - a secret gem of a street tucked between the hustle and bustle of Park St and the green oasis of Brandon Park. We’ve eaten more pizzas and drunk more coffees than either of us would care to number and enjoyed countless strolls aroun..."
Parks Sales & Lettings are absolutely delighted to offer this fabulous extended 1930's Style family home that is arranged over three floors offering excellent living space both internally and externally making this a perfect long term home. Located in a sought after position with a local Primary...
"A unique hall floor two bedroom apartment benefiting from its own private rear garden in superb condition throughout, offered with no forward chain. "
"Occupying a prime position on Shields Avenue and overlooking the Millennium Green, this substantial and extended home is brought to market with no onward chain."
"**No Onward Chain** Hunters Estate Agents are thrilled to present to the sales market this recently renovated throughout, three bedroom, bay fronted home on the ever popular Talbot Road. Well situated with Wells Road and Bath Road equidistance apart, providing amenities at Broadwalk shopping ..."
"This apartment is located on prestigious Royal York Crescent in the heart of Clifton Village, within easy level stroll of the plethora of shops, bars, cafes and restaurants. This apartment is offered with no chain. The 20 ft sitting room leads onto your own private courtyard with storage!"
A golden opportunity to acquire an architecturally designed four bedroom semi-detached family home situated close to the highly regarded Beacon Rise Primary School. The property has been comprehensively extended and remodeled to create a substantial four bedroom semi-detached family home...
"This stunning THREE BEDROOM end of terrace home is really well presented throughout and is PERFECT FOR FAMILIES. Well situated for all the local amenities including shops, schools and good transport links all close by this home also benefits from a large workshop/garage to the rear. The accommod..."
"This Southville home is on the market! Situated on Islington Road, which is in the heart of Southville and being just 0.6 miles from vibrant North street. North Street has many independent cafes, small eats, bars, pubs, art shops and a yoga studio. "
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH A TWO BEDROOM ANNEX TO REAR. Rare to the market is this Three Bedroom Semi Detached House with a Two Bedroom Annex to the rear, this property will appeal to anyone who has an elderly family member or teenagers they are looking to give and support in inde..."
"This charming 2 bedroom terraced house is located on Stanley Street South, in the highly sought-after area of Bedminster in Bristol."
"A detached three bedroom family home set in the popular Bedminster Down location with a beautiful rear garden backing onto the Malago woods. The home offers heaps of potential to renovate and extended (subject to planning permission), so would be ideal for anyone looking to put their stamp on a p..."
CJ Hole Brislington are pleased to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom property located on Grantson Close.
"** PLEASE INTERACT WITH OUR MARKET LEADING VIRTUAL TOUR** Offered with no chain, is this delightful period built three bedroom detached home with generous enclosed garden, garage and off street parking. The property is full of character and charm and offers deceptively spacious living accommod..."
Exclusive two bedroom apartment with a wealth of original features as a former director apartment within the Wills office refurbishment at Factory No.1
"A smartly presented three-bedroom house on Cleave Street, St. Werburghs. Situated close to Mina Road Park, this bay-fronted Victorian mid-terrace features a separate living room, an open-plan rear reception room and kitchen that opens onto the garden, three bedrooms and further scope to ..."
"This charming, three bedroom, semi-detached, home has been recently decorated and is positioned within a generous plot. Offering a full depth kitchen/diner, living room and a separate conservatory opening onto a south-facing garden."
"A beautifully presented and light 2 double bedroom garden flat set within an impressive Art Deco building in Royal Park, Clifton Village."
"A beautiful link detached family home that offers generous spaces and modern flexible living, located in the ever popular St. George. Offered to market with no onward chain! This immaculate property boasts 4 bedrooms including a ground floor master bedroom with stylish 4 piece en-suite and fitted..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this beautifully presented, three/four bedroom family home situated within a popular development with off street parking."
"Matthews are delighted to bring to the sales market this beautifully presented, 1930's, extended 3 bedroom semi detached property arranged over 2 floors in Hengrove, boasting great access to both the Bath and Wells Roads, Hengrove and Imperial Parks and nearby shops, bus routes & amenities. ..."
"Situated in a favorable cul-de-sac backing onto nightingale valley and with sizable southerly rear garden, off street parking for several vehicles and garage. In brief the accommodation comprises entrance porch which leads into the hallway, a bayed lounge, separate dining room opening into a cons..."
"A Victorian Terrace home located on the desirable Hawthorne Street in UPPER TOTTERDOWN, a stone's throw away from Hillcrest Primary School and the picturesque Arnos Vale Cemetery. There is easy access onto Wells Road on foot with a fantastic array of cafes, restaurants and independent shops, as w..."
"In the heart of vibrant Totterdown is this outstanding Victorian Terrace property, this is not one to be missed! This well loved home is only a short walk to Bristol City Centre, the picturesque Victoria Park and a host of local independent amenities, not forgetting The Bake House, Sundial Kitche..."
"This beautifully presented home is located in Bedminster Down, close to local amenities and within close proximity to Bristol City Centre. The inside comprises of four excellent sized bedrooms, two reception rooms, a kitchen/diner, a utility room, further benefits include a large garage workshop."
"A fantastic four bedroom extended semi-detached property situated in the highly desirable area of Uplands, with a generous south facing rear garden over 100ft long. This property would be perfect for a family giving its close proximity to local schools, amenities and just a short walk away from K..."
"A charming double bay fronted Victorian family home, located on a popular road in Easton."
A beautifully presented home situated on 'The Bridles' with off street parking at the front for two vehicles. The accommodation is set over three floors with four bedrooms and open plan living to the ground floor. In brief the property comprises entrance hall with ground floor cloakroom and bespo...
"This charming, extended, link-detached home boasts a full-width kitchen/breakfast room with openings into a dual-aspect, light and airy lounge/diner."
CJ Hole Southville are delighted to present this beautifully presented two/three bedroom home in Southville.
"A well presented 2 double bedroom second floor flat with full size ceilings, forming the top floor of a beautiful semi-detached Victorian house on a highly regarded side street of Clifton. The property enjoys a balanced layout with windows on 3 sides and in all rooms, and excellent ceiling he..."
"An extended three/four bedroom Victorian terraced family home with loft room which has been the current families home for around 30 years with spacious  downstairs living space, a private south-east facing garden, situated in the sought-after area of Wick Road, Bri..."
A superb two bedroom spacious flat set within a prestigious grade II listed Georgian terrace located in the heart of Clifton Village. 
A lovely period home just a 0.3 mile walk to Victoria Park
"A simply wonderful detached bungalow in the wonderful cul-de-sac Wellington Mews which is located conveniently for the train station, park and ride station and stops, nearby village, riverside walks and the Lamplighters public house and restaurant. This bungalow has been owned by the same family ..."
A fantastic 2-bedroom property in Consort House in Bedminster. This property benefits from being central to all of the City!
" This fantastic property is available with NO CHAIN. Located in a popular residential area, less than ten minutes walk from parks, schools, restaurants, a sports centre, and other great facilities. Just a short drive from superstores and a retail park, and with easy access to many main ro..."
"HUNTERS BS4 are thrilled to offer to the sales market this stunning, three bedroom end of terrace home at the ever popular Paintworks development. This home is stunning throughout and is a true credit to it's current owners. This home internally comprises an entrance hall providing acces..."
"An extended three bedroom semi-detached family home with a substantial rear garden which backs onto fields, situated in the popular Uplands area. This property would be perfect for any family with its extended downstairs & upstairs space. This home provides great access to Bristol City Centre, A3..."
"A very well presented semi-detached house located close to amenities and comprising; entrance hall, lounge with wood burner, dining area, 3 bedrooms, recently installed bathroom & new kitchen. Other benefits include; garage, off street parking for several cars & a lawned rear garden,"
"A neatly presented link detached home situated on the popular Windways Estate in Whitchurch. The accommodation in brief comprises entrance hall, sitting room, kitchen / dining room with French doors leading to the rear garden and courtesy door to the side. To the first floor are three bedrooms al..."
"A tasteful 2 bedroom period home located on St Andrews Road in Montpelier which has been modernised throughout by the existing owners. Providing original character such as high ceilings and original fireplaces. Located within this quiet yet central location, this home is perfect for a first time ..."
Beautifully presented three bedroom end terrace house located in Paintworks
"This three bedroom Link-Detached home is situated in one of the more favoured parts of Whitchurch on the 'Windways Estate' close to local schools such as the OUTSTANDING rated Bridge Farm Primary school only a short walk away, shops, bus routes, amenities and walks across the beautiful Dundry Hil..."
Have you been looking for a family home that is ready to move into? Want a property with potential to extend further? Then this could be the house for you!
This three bedroom end of terrace house offers great space and modern fixtures and fittings throughout. Owned since new in 2016 situated on the much sought after Paintworks Development.
A delightful 2 bedroom apartment on the second floor of The Cutting Room at Factory No. 1. A contemporary new building within the gardens of this acclaimed development.
Situated on an impressive tree-lined road and just a moment's stroll from Whiteladies Road; a spacious 2 double bedroom hall floor apartment with modern kitchen/breakfast room and impressive bay fronted sitting/dining room set within a beautiful Victorian period building. Set in a favourably c...
"Hunters offer to the market this quirky well presented two bedroom Victorian home in Southville, within a stones throw from Dame Emily Park"
"** PLEASE INTERACT WITH OUR MARKET LEADING VIRTUAL TOUR** We are delighted to offer for sale this splendid four bedroom, plus office, semi-detached house with landscaped enclosed garden, garage and off-street parking. The property is in super order throughout and has been vastly improved in re..."
"** PLEASE INTERACT WITH OUR MARKET LEADING VIRTUAL TOUR** It is our pleasure to offer for sale this splendid three bedroom semi-detached house with conservatory, mature enclosed garden, garage and ample block paving off-street parking. This outstanding property is in super order throughout and..."
Michael Nicholas are proud to offer to the market this outstanding 4 bedroom semi-detached property. Located within the popular 'Willis Road' and modernised throughout the property in brief o...
Cj Hole Southville are delighted to present this three bedroom Victorian End-of-Terrace home in the popular area of Windmill Hill.
"A beautifully Victorian garden apartment, found on a favoured Road in West Bishopston - offered with no chain."
"Brought to the market with no onward chain is this attractive, extended three bedroom home with many period features offering much scope, in a convenient yet central location."
"Located within the popular cul-de-sac of Yeomanside Close, Whitchurch. This link-detached four bedroom home set on three floors, off-street parking for four vehicles, a basement flat with shower room & kitchen, an integral garage with electric power and views over a conservation area.  "
"A well-appointed two bedroom flat ideally situated just off Clifton Triangle and within easy reach of the city centre, Clifton Village and Whiteladies Road. Forming part of this attractive Grade II terrace the flat enjoys an open outlook over the park with Clifton roof top views beyond. Spacio..."
"CJ Hole Southville are pleased to present to the sales market this three-bedroom, terraced home in The Chessels with NO ONWARDS CHAIN."
"Cj Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this two bedroom, Victorian terraced home in Southville."
"""Everything about this house drew us in as first-time buyers in 2018. We loved the character, original features, and especially the wall in the garden which was part of the old tailoring factory. It wasn’t until we moved in that we realised everything the area had to offer. From Friday Morning co..."
"Being Sold with No Onward Chain, this Three double bedroom apartment in the idyllic ""Long Fox Manor"""
A spacious two bedroom Victorian property in need of updating set on St Werburghs Park. A super location with all the amenities of Mina Road a short walk away. Uniquely offering a much larger than average garage located at the rear.
"Being sold wit NO ONWARD CHAIN, this is a truly beautiful property with lots of space and character which all adds up to a fantastic family home that is sure to be a popular option for many. Close to local amenities, good transport links and good local schools nearby. Briefly comprises entrance ..."
"**LOFT CONVERSION** **FOUR BEDROOMS** A modern four bedroom end of terrace home situated in a popular location in Hanham. The property is beautifully presented throughout, and offers generous amounts of space and character. The accommodation comprises an entrance porch and hallw..."
Cj Hole Southville are proud to bring to the sales market this updated three bedroom terrace home in the heart of Victoria Park.
"We Are Delighted To Offer For Sale This Victorian Terrace Family Home Situated Within Whitehall, With The Offsted Outstanding Primary School, Accommodation Comprising Entrance Hallway With Stairs Rising To The First Floor, Under Stairs WC, Lounge With Bay Window, Dining Room With French Doors Le..."
"Beautifully presented and designed, contemporary style family home, entrance hallway, lounge with log burner, kitchen/diner and covered Mediterranean style patio, which really brings the garden into the house, four bedrooms with en suite to master, plus family bathroom. "
"A spacious well presented end of terrace home with loft coversion located withnin this popular location close to the amenities of both Mangotsfield & Downend. Offering 4 bedrooms lounge, 17fft modern kitchen, conservatory & shower room & ensuite. Garage to rear & 2 car driveway to front. Split le..."
"Hunters Estate Agents in BS4, Bristol are delighted to present to the market this rare, modernised Three Bedroom Detached Home located on the popular West Town Lane in Brislington. The property has been modernised in recent years with some remarkable features throughout. The home itself briefly c..."
"An end-of-terrace, 3-bedroom family home situated on Luckwell Road in Ashton with off-street parking and a 120ft garden."
"Hunters Estate Agents BS4 are delighted to present to the market this superb example of a family home. Situated on the ever popular Queenshill Road at the heart of Knowle Park. This modern, three bedroom, semi detached home has been completely re-furbished to a high standard by the current owners..."
"Andrews are pleased to bring to the market this four Bedroom end of terrace house on the ever popular Cassell Road. The property is perfectly positioned within walking distance to local schools shops and amenities, with the busy High streets of Staple Hill, Fishponds and Downend a short walk away..."
"A golden opportunity to acquire this generously sized and well presented three bedroom end terrace family home situated in a highly regarded location close to Southmead Hospital, Rolls Royce, M.O.D, Airbus and Westbury-on-Trym village. As properties of this nature rarely come to the mark..."
A contemporary three bedroom house with open plan living space and two allocated parking spaces. The property is only a few minutes' walk from the Harbourside and within just one mile of the City Centre and Clifton. In addition the property has the added benefit of being sold with no onward chain...
"A modern four bedroom end of terrace home situated in a popular location in Hanham. The property is beautifully presented and offers an abundance of space and character. The accommodation comprises an entrance porch and hallway, downstairs WC, large living space that leads out to the ope..."
****NO ONWARD CHAIN**** We are delighted to offer to the market this spacious three bedroom semi-detached house on the sought after Stonebridge Park BS5. This is also one of few houses on the road with a garage! This property hasn't been on the sales market since 1935 and st...
"Brand new, stunning one-bedroom later living apartment, exclusively for over 60s. Located in Bristol's popular Redland district. You'll become part of a thriving community at The Vincent. "
NO CHAIN. Well presented hall floor apartment with modern kitchen and bathroom. Featured ceiling cornice and roses to many rooms.
CJ Hole are pleased to present this lovely three-bedroom double bay-fronted Victorian Terrace in Bedminster. 
"Delighted To Offer For Sale This Modern Built Detached Family Home Which Was Built Just Over 3 Years Ago, Close To Ofsted rated Outstanding Beacon Rise School, The Accommodation Comprises Nice Size Entrance Hallway, Down Stairs WC, Lounge, Dining Are and Fitted Kitchen, On The First Floor There ..."
A beautifully presented Victorian family home located in the popular St Werburghs area offered to the market with no onward chain.
"Ashley Vale Action Group is seeking to find a resident or partner to join in the Bridge Farm project on this beautiful community held site. The farmhouse stands as a highly visible iconic building at the heart of the site. The opportunity comprises the farmhouse building itself, which will need..."
Andrews is proud to offer am immaculately presented two bedroom apartment located in a fantastic location on Pembroke Road and benefitting from being sold with no onward chain.
"Andrews is proud to offer a spacious two bedroom upper floor apartment benefitting from off street parking, a private balcony and is situated in a fantastic central location."
"...3 BED-SEMI Detached with Attached STUDIO. A fantastic located 3 bed property with off street parking and a southerly aspect rear garden. The House has 3 good size bedrooms , lounge leading off an extended Porch, double glazing and gas central heating .Further benefits include mode..."
**THIS EXTENDED HOME HAS EVERYTHING!!** In fantastic condition and presentation throughout in a popular road between St George & Kingswood. Boasting two reception rooms and a kitchen/diner complete with cloakroom & utility! Opening onto a huge garden and a double garage!! Even upstairs wo...
"Beautifully presented, double bay fronted Victorian home in the heart of Staple Hill which enjoys an array of modern and character features that are sure to delight."
Hunters Estate Agents - Fishponds office are delighted to offer this CHAIN FREE superb 3 bedroom detached modern home within a generous corner position within a sought after development with strong links to the City. This stunning home offers spacious and well presented accommodation with a newly...
"A beautifully presented four-bedroom link detached home situated in a popular location close to the local bus stop giving great access to Bristol City Centre. The home is beautifully presented throughout with a porch to the front leading into the hallway. Off the hallway is the stunning, refitte..."
"Well situated close to lots of local amenities including shops, schools and good transport links, is this stunning terraced home on Risdale Road. The ground floor boasts an impressive kitchen/breakfast room with white high gloss units and integrated appliances opening to a spacious conservatory..."
"Stunning 3 bedroom apartment spanning the first floor of this imposing Grade 11 listed residence. Idyllic setting, right on the common with it's delightful wooded and river walks. Extensive accommodation with lots of wonderful features. Rare opportunity indeed."
"Cooperage Lane is a highly sought after location in Southville, situated within easy reach of Dame Emily Park and Southville Primary School and is ideally situated for access to North Street and Wapping Wharf, making the area popular for a wide range of buyers. There is also easy access to Bristo..."
NO ONWARD CHAIN M. Coleman Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this well presented three bedroom mid terrace property. The welcoming entrance hall gives an immediate impression of the light and space that continues throughout and gives access to the lounge which has a...
"We are proud to present this Chain free Three Bedroom Semi Detached House – *Guide Price £400,000 - £425,000*"
"""Five years ago I was looking for my first property to buy and I fell in love with the perfect three-bedroom house at the top of Redcatch Hill. With so much privacy thanks to the fencing and wall that runs around the property, it feels very safe and secure. The area has such a strong community fe..."
"Brought to the market with no onward chain, is this well proportioned three bedroom period home."
"A corner plot 1950's semi situated in a popular location close to local schooling, parks and the A4 Bath Road with direct links to Bristol and Bath. Offered with no onward chain and briefly comprises an entrance porch, hallway, a bayed lounge, separate dining room and kitchen. On the first floor ..."
"A three bedroom semi detached property in excellent condition throughout, located in the popular area of Headley Park. Located on a quiet residential road, only a short walk to local shops and school. Also, within easy access of Central Bristol via car, bus or bike. Benefits include off street..."
"***STUNNING PERIOD PROPERTY*** We are thrilled to bring to the market this beautiful Victorian terrace property in the heart of Fishponds. A stone’s throw from the high street and local shops. This spacious home comprises of a bay fronted lounge, open plan living space..."
"We are delighted to being to market this charming Victorian bay fronted property on the peaceful, residential location of Seaton Road. With great access to St Marks Road, Stapleton Road station, Bristol to Bath cycle path and excellent local schools, making for a perfect family home! "
"A beautifully presented FOUR BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM family home. GARAGE and DRIVEWAY. The accommodation in brief comprises entrance hall, ground floor WC, refitted modern kitchen, a good size sitting / dining room with French doors leading to the Upvc double glazed dwarf wall conservatory. To the ..."
CJ Hole Southville are pleased to present to the sales market this three bedroom end terraced property located in the popular Ashton Vale.
"Located in the heart of Bristol, this stunning Victorian terraced house boasts character, charm and an ideal location for those looking to live in one of Bristol's most sought-after neighbourhoods."
"This fantastic spacious detached property offers the ideal home to add your own stamp to. Upon entering the property you will find a large entrance hallway providing access to the living room, kitchen and dining room. The first floor offers a large landing, three bedrooms, bathroom and WC. W..."
"An immaculately presented 3 bed semi-detached home tucked away in a quiet BS4 cul-de-sac. Large social lounge/snug with log burner and bay window. Conservatory, Downstairs WC and Glorious Garden with Garage Access. A perfect family home."
"FABULOUS FAMILY HOME!! OVER FOUR FLOORS!! MODERN & CONTEMPORARY THROUGHOUT!! ENHANCED & IMPROVED!! FOUR BEDROOMS!! DOUBLE GARAGE!! SNUG/OFFICE!! UTILITY/GYM!! ACCESS TO THE CITY!! This absolutely superb extended and improved four bedroom end of terrace family home, presented to a high standard is..."
"A superbly located 2 double bedroom first floor flat, forming part of a beautiful Victorian villa, a moment's walk from Whiteladies Road. Occupying the first floor of a beautiful Ashlar stone fronted semi-detached house now converted into 4 spacious apartments, in a highly convenient location..."
"This lovely three bedroom semi detached property is PERFECT FOR FAMILIES and has a LARGE GARDEN to the rear. Well situated for all the local amenities including shops, good schools and transport links all close by, this property is certain to be a popular choice for many buyers. The accommodatio..."
"A beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached house with parking for two cars, built in 2021."
"A spacious two bedroom second floor apartment with stunning communal gardens. Found on the second floor, this light filled apartment boasts a spacious footprint with an attractive outlook to the front and rear. Facing east, a generous sitting room enjoys the morning sun, creating a perfect place..."
"""We have lived here for 37 years and have been very happy. We were a young couple in a relatively older community, whereas we are now the older community members with younger families moving in over recent years. The neighbours here have been very friendly and look out for us. We are blessed to l..."
"*** NO ONWARD CHAIN *** A newly refurbished three-bedroom family home located on Mansfield Street, Bedminster."
"A unique opportunity to purchase this charming, quirky, detached, bespoke, ECO home boasting elevated living, a grass roof and stunning views."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000 TWO-BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM, THIRD FLOOR APARTMENT IN BRISTOL CITY CENTRE WITH SECURE PARKING SPACE AND 24HR CONCIERGE"
"An exceedingly spacious and light filled, 3 double bedroom, 2 bath/shower room second floor purpose built apartment, circa 1,050 sq. ft., having stunning elevated views on 3 sides, covered balcony, lift and stairwell access, garage, shared parking and communal gardens. Set in peaceful surround..."
***NO CHAIN****UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON THE MARKET***BE QUICK TO VIEW**** Michael Nicholas Estate Agents are pleased to offer this 1960's built 3 bedroom semi-detached family home. Located...
"** PLEASE INTERACT WITH OUR MARKET LEADING VIRTUAL TOUR** This stunning semi detached home is offered for sale with a complete chain and an internal inspection is essential to appreciate what is on offer. Briefly comprising hallway, lounge, full width stylish kitchen diner and conservatory wh..."
"With a fine location on Shirehampton's always-popular Cotswold development, close to the green open spaces and riverside walks by the Avon, this light and beautifully presented three bedroom property offers a great opportunity for those seeking a family home in a quiet yet convenient position."
Hunters are thrilled to offer this spacious 1930s home on the popular 'Willada Close' offered with no chain
"An EXTENDED three bedroom semi detached home within walking distance of Hengrove Leisure Centre and Imperial Retail park, conveniently located for local bus routes providing easy access to Bristol City Centre, nearby local amenities and schools such as the outstanding Bridge Farm Primary School ..."
".... Chain FREE .... Matthews Estates are delighted to bring to the sales market this fantastically located Railway house, in the ever popular Knowle Park, with the primary school close by and Broad Walk Shopping Centre, Redcatch Park and many further amenities within a short, flat walk ..."
"A centrally located Victorian terrace, found on a popular cul de sac leading to St Agnes Park."
"This superbly presented three bedroom detached property is conveniently located just one mile from Westbury-on-Trym village centre, one and a half miles from Blaise Castle and junction 17 of the M5 motorway and two miles from Cribbs Causeway. The property boasts a conservatory t..."
"We are delighted to offer to the market a great new property situated within the Paintworks area of Bristol, which has great transport links to the city centre, Temple Meads and surrounding areas of Bristol. This three-bedroom house offers great space and modern fixtures and fittings througho..."
"""I have lived on Bruce Avenue for over 35 years. My 3 children all attending the local school which is only a 5 minute walk away and have enjoyed many happy hours at St George’s park and cycle rides on the Bristol to bath cycle path. It has been a happy family home so I’ll be sad to leave, but i..."
Offered to the market for the first time in over 40 years - this well maintained three bedroom family home with double garage occupies a highly desirable location in Bedminster Down.
A delightful 2 bedroom apartment with open plan living area offering views over the Graving Dock with the floating harbour beyond.
"""We have loved living on Luckwell Road. It offers access to beautiful green spaces, with Greville Smyth Park just down the road and then onward to Leigh Woods and Ashton Court. In contrast, the creative city streets of North Street are just on our doorstep, with a short walk to the exciting Wappi..."
"A CHAIN FREE, 4 bed semi-detached home ticking all the boxes with utility room, garage,and driveway. Convenient Stockwood location with easy travel links."
An attractive mid-terraced 4-bedroom Victorian house in need of complete refurbishment. The property is situated in a central location overlooking Cumberland Basin and provides easy access to the city centre and Bristol's harbourside. There is scope to create a fine and spacious family home or ...
"Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, we are delighted to bring to the market an Edwardian three bedroom end-terrace family home offering high ceilings and generous proportion rooms. Located on the borders of Downend and Fishponds, this is a great home for first time buyers, growing families and..."
"A family home that will have you ticking all of your boxes. Tucked away in a popular Whitchurch location and showcasing a garage with power, beautiful garden, modern kitchen/diner, downstairs WC and a LARGE driveway!"
Sought-after location this 3 bedroom semi-detached property on Lewis road in Bedminster Down. Being sold with a complete chain.
This 3 bedroom semi-detached family home is located in a prime location of Downend.
Three bed semi detached property with off road parking in Brislington.
"Hunters Easton are proud to present this spacious family home, packed with potential. Situated in the Eastville area with local access to the M32 and Muller road bus links, this property is in an ideal location. The house itself comprises three bedrooms, a conservatory, a living room through dini..."
"This delightful three-bedroom family home is in the ever-popular Ashton Vale area. The admired and vibrant North Street is just 1 mile away where you find an abundance of wonderful independent shops, cafes and bars. The house is well presented and has been well maintained over the years. how..."
"A SUBSTANTIAL DETACHED family home, with wonderful VIEWS to the rear across open countryside. NO ONGOING CHAIN."
"Tucked away in a cul-de-sac setting we are delighted to bring to the market this three-bedroom detached home offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The property comprises of; an entrance hall, downstairs shower room, kitchen, lounge/diner, bathroom and three double bedrooms. Further benefits include garag..."
"A stunning extended 3 bedroom semi-detached residence tucked away in a popular cul de sac position. Spacious and well presented, offering modern and contemporary living, the property is in immaculate condition throughout. The accommodation comprises a welcoming entrance hall, lounge to the f..."
"A charming and unique 1930s home located on Felstead Road in Southmead, pleasantly positioned just off of Southmead Road offering an alluring plot and no onward chain."
"Matthews are delighted to bring to the sales market this very well presented 3 bedroom, 1930's terrace property, situated in an elevated position offering you glorious views to the rear and affording you great access to both the Bath & Wells Roads with many local amenities, namely the popular Kn..."
No onward chain. A fantastic link detached home on the always popular Charlton Mead Drive. This sizeable & much loved home has been in the same family since 1986 it does require some updating but has been beautifully cared for and could present a great opportunity for buyers looking to live in an...
***EXCITING INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*** achieving on average £142 per night with an 81% occupancy on Airbnb. Offering an unparalleled opportunity to acquire a truly unique freehold Clifton home with a southerly facing garden and outstanding views towards the iconic suspension bridge.
"A Fabulous one bedroom apartment set within one of Cliftons most exclusive and desirable Georgian Terraces. The accommodation reflects the original grandness of the building, creating the most wonderfully proportioned living room with far reaching views to the South West across the Communal Garde..."
Hunters are delighted to offer for sale this spacious 3 bedroom period mid terrace property located within a position acquiring good access to Bristol centre and the M32. Internally this lovely home is well presented and would suit a whole range of buyers. To the ground floor there are 2 generou...
A smart and sophisticated top floor apartment with south facing balcony and superb views.
"**PLEASE INTERACT WITH OUR MARKET LEADING VIRTUAL TOUR** Offered for sale with no onward chain, is this fine deceptively spacious, two bedroom detached bungalow with enclosed garden, garage and off-street parking. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, lounge/diner with access out ..."
"This superb semi detached five bedroom family home, ideally located offering excellent access to local schools and commuter routes via the A4174 Ring Road has been extended and offers great space for large families. The property comprises; Entrance hallway, living room measuring 14'8 by 12'10, fi..."
"A golden opportunity to purchase this unique and spacious end of terraced period family home which is conveniently located within 100 yards of the village of Shirehampton. The property is in a prominent position on Pembroke Road which is a historic location and was formally know as Back Lane, thi..."
"An ideally located let property, currently rented to four working professionals and sold with tenants in situ."
"** PLEASE INTERACT WITH OUR MARKET LEADING VIRTUAL TOUR** Offered with no chain, is this delightful period built three bedroom detached cottage backing onto School Playing-fields, with large enclosed garden, spacious carport and off street parking. We understand that the property was formerly..."
"Set within this fabulous Grade II* Listed Georgian Terrace in the heart of Clifton Village, is this two double bedroom top floor apartment overlooking the delightful Mall Gardens."
Andrews are pleased to bring to the market this Five-bedroom semi-detached property. The property is situ Situated adjacent to the brilliant parks and open spaces of the Oldbury Court Estate. Goffenton Drive is located within typical walking distance to Fishponds High Street with its varied range...
"A stylish and modern apartment within a charming, period building."
"Matthews Estates are pleased to offer to the open market this three bedroom Victorian terraced home, comprising of two reception rooms, kitchen diner and a bathroom to the ground floor together with three bedrooms to the first, further benefits include double glazing, gas central heating. This pr..."
Down a quiet side street in Filton Park lies this well-presented three-bedroom home. The property masterfully balances oodles of decorative charm with a smart redesign that makes the space perfect for a modern family.
"A spacious and centrally located 3 double bedroom purpose-built apartment situated on the 5th floor and enjoying breath-taking southerly views over the city. Further benefitting from a garage and offered with no onward chain. Superb location within close proximity of Whiteladies Road, Clifton ..."
"Holbrook Moran are delighted to bring to market this beautifully finished bay fronted, three bedroom home. Stylish living space perfect for entertaining, close to local green spaces and easy access to Bristol City Centre, this property is quiet and peaceful while also providing the inner city life."
An immaculately presented three bedroom property located in the ever popular St Werburgh's. This charming family home boasts a generous front and rear garden and has the added benefit of off-street parking.
"Set in this Cul De Sac Location in Whitchurch and offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this three bedroom semi detached family house situated in the sought after location of Saltwell Avenue. The property briefly comprises: entrance hallway, cloakroom, lounge/dining room, kitchen and conserva..."
"""Over the last five years our lives have changed so much and Paintworks has always adapted to our needs. It was the perfect place for meeting up our friends at the local Bocabar, for discovering new exhibitions at the Martin Parr Foundation and the Royal Photographic Society and to catch a direct..."
"Open House Bristol NE is proud to bring to the market this versatile three bedroom bungalow in Cock Road, Kingswood. The accommodation consists of a porch, entry hall, three double bedrooms, a utility room, bathroom, kitchen and lounge. To the rear of the property is a large garden whi (cont.)"
"Open House is pleased to present to the market this MUCH IMPROVED property with NO ONWARD CHAIN and HIGHLY MOTIVATED vendors. This delightful THREE BEDROOM semi detached home in a CUL DE SAC location. It has been extended at the rear, the whole house has been re wired, the central heating (cont.)"
Goodman and Lilley welcome to the market this 4 bedroom home which is arranged principally over 3 floors with smart contemporary decor throughout. The living room with its Juliette balcony feels abundantly light due to its raised position. The spacious 'L' shaped kitchen/diner and cloakroom to th...
Just off the High Street in a cul de sac is this 3 bedroom home being sold with no chain.
"Brendon Road sits on the fringes of Windmill Hill & Victoria Park, an area predominantly popular with both first time buyers and young families. The property sits just a 0.2 mile walk to Victoria Park and just a little less to its prized primary school, there are a range of amenities on St Jo..."
A wonderful opportunity to purchase this pleasant and sizeable three bedroom link detached home on the popular Tereslake Green in Brentry.
"Holbrook Moran are pleased to present this two bedroom, mid terraced home in the popular BS5 postcode. The property comprises of lounge, dining room, kitchen and rear garden. The first floor is reserved for the two bedrooms and bathroom. High levels of interest are expected so call today!"
"A three bedroom double bayed Victorian property set on Essery Road in Greenbank with St Marks Road and Stapleton Train Station a short stroll away. In brief the property features living room, dining room and kitchen to ground floor with three bedrooms and bathroom on the first floor. Entrance t..."
"A bright and spacious two-bedroom apartment positioned in the ever-popular Berkeley Square with wonderful views of the Wills Memorial Building and Bristol Museum and Art Gallery, offered with no forward chain. ."
"Fancy an investment property with the hard work of converting already done? Or easily transform this substantial property back into a family home! Whitchurch offers a variety of amenities such as local shops, bus routes and the OUTSTANDING, Ofsted rated, Bridge Farm Primary School and Su..."
"This three bedroom Victorian terrace arranged over 3 floors in the heart of Totterdown over looking Victoria Park. Offered with no onward chain, this one is good to go!"
"Well presented, two bedroom Victorian single bay villa. Set a stone throw from St George Park. With entrance hallway lounge separate dining room and kitchen to the ground floor. To the first floor there are two bedrooms and a bathroom. With gas central heating and courtyard garden."
A superb 2 bedroom second floor apartment within The Piazza at Paintworks. Including allocated parking and a balcony.
"Boasting an extensive garden measuring over 45m in length, is the delightful, three bedroom, property."
"A fantastic opportunity to secure this rare three bedroom detached home on the popular Thingwall Park, Fishponds. Located within walking distance to local schools, shops and amenities, this home would make a great family property for those wanting space throughout and opportunity to put their mar..."
Delightful 2 bedroom apartment at McArthur's Yard on the second floor. An enviable location on the 2nd floor with a south facing aspect making this a light apartment.
A sumptuous one bedroom apartment on the fourth floor with water views down the easterly aspect of the floating harbour.
"This completely unique apartment with 360 degree views is absolutely fantastic, It was sympathetically converted a couple of years ago by a local independent builder to a very high standard. Please call AJ Homes swiftly to register your interest before this fine opportunity passes you by."
"A superb two double bedroom apartment beautifully presented throughout and occupying a highly sought after location just off of Whiteladies Road. The accommodation of this stylish and well proportioned apartment briefly comprises of a large, open plan kitchen and reception space, a mod..."
2 bedroom apartment on level 2 of The Piazza with balcony and allocated parking.
"A charming end of terrace cottage offering a fantastic opportunity to acquire a truly unique home. Highlights include three double bedrooms, modern kitchen and bathroom, stunning rear garden and a wealth of character! The property needs to be viewed to be fully appreciated and is immaculatel..."
"**TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS** EN-SUITE TO MASTER** OPEN PLAN LIVING SPACE WITH FULLY FITTED CONTEMPORARY KITCHEN** The accommodation of this contemporary City Centre apartment comprises of; entrance hall, open plan living/ kitchen space, two double bedrooms master with en-suite and family bathroom..."
"A beautifully LIGHT & AIRY Victorian terraced home nestled into the community of the ever DESIRABLE & VIBRANT Lower Totterdown. Centrally and conveniently located within a fifteen minute walk of Temple Meads Station, a five minute walk of the picturesque Victoria Park and with a fantastic array o..."
"This chain free 3 bedroom home is positioned on one of Shirehamptons most favoured roads, offering a spacious plot and stunning interior."
"A well presented five bedroom family home in the heart of Headley Park, South Bristol. The property is perfectly suited to a growing family offering generous living space throughout and five good sized bedrooms. Comprising in brief a lounge/diner, kitchen, conservatory, five bedrooms and a bathro..."
"Situated within a sought after road in Cliftonwood, a first floor purpose built apartment in need of modernisation, providing an exciting opportunity for investors and owner occupiers alike. Benefitting from stunning elevated views towards South Bristol and having an allocated off-street parking..."
"""My wife and I have loved living on Lena Street. A perfect place to raise our young family, with lots of people in the area doing the same thing. The people of Easton give the area so much richness and everyone we met, on Lena street in particular, made us feel very welcome. It also has some fant..."
GetAnOffer are offering this ATTRACTIVELY PRICED PROPERTY from a MOTIVATED seller to buyers that are in a position to purchase relatively quickly. This property has been PRICED to ENCOURAGE a QUICK SALE. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property for sale: Mid Terrace House Arranged over...
"Parks Estate Agents Sales & Lettings - We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom terraced house situated on a quiet residential street close to local amenities including several bakeries, cake shops and bars / restaurants. This ideal first time home has been lovingly maintained by the..."
"Cleverly designed to exceed national space standards, our four-bedroom, three-storey Dartmouth home gives everyone in the family their own space.      On the ground floor, the light and airy lounge and modern U-shaped kitchen with dining area are places you'll love getting together in. And w..."
"**EXTREMELY POPULAR LOCATION** Brand new to the market comes this three bedroom mid terrace home in the heart of Eastville. The property is ideal for young families wanting to be close to the centre of Bristol and investors alike. Located within close proximity to local amenities, shops a..."
"TLS Estate Agents are thrilled to bring to the market this beautifully presented family home positioned within a pleasant Kingswood Street and offering easy access to the A4174 Ring Road, local schools, green spaces and amenities. Much improved by the current owners – recent works include a n..."
"New to the market this charming 2 bedroom cottage sat just off of the river Frome, Frome Valley."
"This CHAIN FREE Three Bedroom Semi Detached Bungalow offers a family versatile living accommodation, located in Filwood Drive. With a garage and off road parking there is plenty of opportunity to put your own stamp on this spacious property."
"Cj Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this charming two double bedroom, family home set in the heart of Bedminster, sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"This superb one bedroom apartment benefits from light, views and space. The central West Mall position offers great views and a choice of communal gardens to the front aspect. The Clifton Village shops and boutiques are a short stroll as is the The Suspension Bridge. Please contact us for more info."
A much cherished link semi detached home in a very sought after location in Brentry.
"Matthews Estates are delighted to offer for sale this well presented, semi-detached, 3 DOUBLE bedroom home, situated in the popular residential area of Knowle Park, on Springleaze. With the great additions of both a conservatory and utility area to the ground floor and an abundance of parking, th..."
"An EXTENDED semi detached home situated in a CUL DE SAC location with THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS. The deceptive and spacious accommodation comprises entrance hall, study, sitting room with feature fireplace, window overlooking the rear garden, double door leading to the separate dining room which has ..."
"A most appealing 2 bedroom second floor apartment of circa 812 sq. ft., boasting a large kitchen/breakfast room and separate sitting/dining room. Set within the most attractive grade II* listed Georgian terrace, with fine elevated views towards the city centre with rolling countryside in the dis..."
"Well proportioned three bedroom semi detached home. With lounge, dining area, good size kitchen, three bedrooms, family bathroom. Another feature worth mentioning is the gardens to three sides offering ample scope for additional parking or extension (subject to planning plus garage). No Chain!"
"A lovely character cottage that is deceptively spacious. There is a porch leading to the entrance hall, lounge with inglenook style fireplace with log burner, spacious kitchen/dining room, utility area and opening in conservatory. Two double bedrooms and modern style bathroom, driveway and garden."
"Situated within an elegant grade II* listed Victorian terrace within the heart of Clifton. A well proportioned two bedroom courtyard garden flat benefitting from its own private entrance and an allocated off-street parking space. To be offered with no onward chain. Conveniently located, bein..."
Top floor 2 bedroom apartment with a private roof terrace offers a south facing aspect.
"Cj Hole Southville are pleased to offer to the sales market this two-bedroom, mid-terrace home in Ashton with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"This lovely three bedroom Victorian bay fronted terraced home is well presented throughout. Franklyn street is a sought after location close to the city center. It has a strong sense of community, as well as local amenities such as shops, parks, schools and transport links all close by. The ac..."
Offered with no onward chain comes this recently refurbished two bedroom mid terrace set in the heart of Redfield. 
"*No Onward Chain* Hunters Estate Agents are thrilled to offer to the sales market this wonderful three bedroom, bay fronted - end terrace home on the ever popular Broad Walk. Well situated with amenities including Broadwalk Shopping Centre, Redcatch Park and major bus routes all on its doorstep. ..."
"A two-bedroom Victorian terrace on Sydenham Road, in the heart of Totterdown close to numerous green spaces, there is no onward chain."
"A fantastic opportunity to buy a property on the POPULAR WINDWAYS estate, which seldom come to the market."
"A three bedroom semi-detached family home situated on a quiet road in the popular Headley Park area, offered for sale with NO CHAIN. This property is perfect for anyone looking to put their own stamp on an already extended home with huge potential. The property is located only a short walk to Hea..."
"Parks Estate Agents, Sales & Lettings. We are delighted to offer for sale this stunning Victorian style property set back on a private road benefiting from off street parking. St George park is within easy walking distance as is Church Road high street with its wonderful variety of shops and cafe..."
"An attractive three/four bedroom family home with the added benefit of a downstairs cloakroom and private garden, located in the popular area of Cossham this spacious home is perfect for families and downsizers alike. "
"A 1 bedroom apartment, located on the 5th floor of the popular Robinson Building in Bedminster, just off East Street has some fantastic views of the city."
"Offered with no onward chain, a three bedroom, semi detached family home with garage"
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, is this deceptively large and unique two double bedroom mews home with fantastic views over the river Avon. Highlights include: a beautiful open plan modern kitchen with integral appliances with bifolding door, 2 en suite shower rooms to both bedrooms a..."
"Located a short walk from Downend High street & shops this charming 1930's style detached bungalow. Well presented accommodation comprising: 2 bedrooms, 2 receptions, modern kitchen & shower room. Well tended front & rear gardens, garage & driveway. NO CHAIN."
"""We have loved the space and character that this house brings, with the open plan living area providing us with a great socialising and entertaining space for friends and family. On from this, the period features and high ceilings throughout are what attracted us to this property in the first pla..."
"Brought to the market with no onward chain, is this well-proportioned three bedroom home, in the heart of St Werburghs. An ideal first time purchase in a popular location, with easy access to the city centre."
"Cj Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom, mid-terrace family home located in the popular area of Windmill Hill. This property has NO CHAIN"
"This delightful three bedroom semi-detached house is situated within a cul-de-sac on the popular Charlton Mead development in Brentry. From the entrance hallway with its downstairs cloakroom, takes you into the kitchen / diner which comfortably fits a dining room table and has plenty of light thr..."
Andrews are proud to offer this two bedroom ground floor apartment with off street parking and benefitting from being sold with no onward chain.
Cj Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three-bedroom house in Whitchurch with NO ONWARD CHAIN
"Detached bungalow with substantial accommodation complete with integral garage, off road parking plus off road parking."
"A two bedroom end terrace home in this fabulous, renovated building on our Blackberry Hill development. This beautiful new home comes with a stylish kitchen/diner, with a choice of finishes to suit you. There is a separate sitting room with a stunning bay feature and access into the..."
"NO CHAIN!! THREE BEDROOMS!! SEMI-DETACHED COTTAGE!! EN-SUITE!! PARKING!! TWO RECEPTIONS!! BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED!! Blue Sky are pleased to offer for sale this fantastic three bedroom cottage located on Tower Road South in Warmley, close to local schools, ring road connections and providing good ac..."
"3 bedroom 1900's property on Hudd's Hill Road in St George with open plan living / dining room, galley kitchen, family bathroom, 3 x Large double bedrooms and quaint rear garden."
"THREE BEDROOMS!! SEMI DETACHED!! FAMILY HOME!! DOUBLE DRIVEWAY!! OPEN KITCHEN/DINER!! CUL-DE-SAC!! WELL POSITIONED IN EASTVILLE!! This 1930's style three bedroom semi detached family home, which is well positioned in Eastville within walking distance of the park. Located within this quiet cul-de-..."
"Available to cash buyers only. 'We bought the property as wanted to stay in the city centre and the property has a great location for that. Just across castle park and within 5 to 10 minutes walk of anywhere you would like to go in the city centre. Loads of restaurants, concert venues, m..."
"CJ Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three-bedroom, terraced home in Bedminster."
"ABBEY COURT, ST ANNES PARK! Nestled away within the St Annes Park community, set adjacent to the River Avon and within walking distance of local amenities sits this extended and well presented three bedroom link-detached modern style family home; ideal for first time buyers, growing families and ..."
" Anne James Estate Agents are pleased to offer this terrace property in Bedminster in need of updating but offering exceptional potential . The single bay property with some original features comprises to the ground floor of a lounge/dining room, kitchen with steps leading down to a rear lobby ..."
"CJ Hole Bishopsworth are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom, semi-detached family home in Bishopsworth with no onward chain."
"This superb apartment really is the 'jewel in the crown'. Presented to a very high standard and boasting level access to the front, raised terrace to the rear, views AND garage below. Please contact us for information and to arrange a viewing."
Offered to the market with no onward chain is this attractive stone fronted period terraced home set in the heart of Whitehall. 
"Located in the popular area of Bedminster just off of East street. A short walk away from the vibrant North street and a half a mile walk from the Bristol harbourside. You will find many shops, cafes and other local amenities on your door step within this prime location."
"Arnos Vale Cemetery is only a short walk away from this Victorian Terrace home, so is Broad Walk shopping centre and the bus stops which take you directly to and from Bristol City Centre & Temple Meads. The independent amenities of the Wells Road are also a walkable distance, as well as Redcatch ..."
"Situated within a beautifully restored Grade II Listed building, you will find this incredible two bedroom apartment. The unique shape of the building creates a fabulous home; there is a truly spacious master bedroom, with additional space for a dressing area as well as an en-suite, a..."
Located in a quiet and popular cul de sac is this extended family home.
"A fashionable and well-dressed 2 bedroom purpose-built large 'loft-style' apartment with open plan living space filled with natural light and an open westerly aspect overlooking lawned communal gardens and The Downs. Many practical benefits including lift access, single garage (with light and..."
CJ Hole Brislington are pleased to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom property located on Glenarm Walk with NO CHAIN.
This lovely 3 bedroom semi- detached home is set in this pleasant cul-de-sac style location with Eastville park at the end of the road and greenery and woodland behind. The property has also had many improvements by the current owner and is offered with NO CHAIN ! Comprising inner porch ...
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** Hunters BS4 are excited to present to the open market this good sized three bedroom, semi detached property on the ever popular Springleaze Road in Knowle Park. The property is in good decorative order and is situated close to local schools, within walking distance to Broad Wa..."
This recently refurbished Victorian terrace on Chatsworth Road is well located for access to the city and is being sold with no onward chain.
"An extended, semi-detached family home in a desirable location offered with no onward chain."
CJ Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this desirable three bedroom in a much sought-after location. 
"This stunning three bedroom semi detached home is very well presented throughout and has a single storey extension to the rear. Well situated in a quiet location with lots of open green space around it, this property is close to lots of local amenities including shops, schools, doctors and good t..."
"**ST GEORGE ** **CUL DE SAC** Three bedroom detached home situated in the popular area of St George. The accommodation comprises of; entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen/breakfast room and downstairs WC. To the first floor can be found three bedrooms, master en suite and family..."
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** FOUR BEDROOMS ** This extended four bedroom home offers the following accommodation; entrance hall, downstairs wc, lounge with built in media wall including 60” electric fire boasting an array of colour features, dining room, and kitchen. To the first floor ..."
"An attractive 2 double bedroom first floor apartment with allocated off street parking set within an appealing Victorian building in a quiet residential district, yet close to superb local amenities a moment's walk away. Offered with no onward chain. Highly favoured and popular location on Ch..."
"This unique property has been carefully thought through with incredible detail when designed and project managed by the current owner, only 2 years ago. Offering flexible accommodation and perfect for modern day living, this is a property that must be viewed in order to truly appreciate all that ..."
An exceptionally spacious city centre apartment with parking.
A bright and welcoming Victorian Terrace home located on a desirable street in the heart of Totterdown. The property has been neutrally decorated throughout and comprises a spacious open plan sitting/dining room which has flowing access into the EXTENDED kitchen. The kitchen has an integrated hob...
"-- Guide Price: £375,000 to £385,000 -- A unique, city centre maisonette that offers spacious living and character within walking distance to a huge choice of incredible food and drink options."
A wonderful three bedroom property set in Kingswood ideally positioned with the nearby green spaces of Lees Hill Playing Fields and Soundwell Play Area. With a full renovation just four years ago there's so much to love about this property.
"Presented in immaculate condition in a highly sought after location, this property provides a ready to move into beautiful family home, set across three storeys, providing versatile use of space. ..."
"CJ Hole Bishopsworth are delighted to present a three bedroom, semi-detached home, located in Headley Park."
"Taylors are pleased to present to market this deceivingly spacious three bedroom end terraced home. This property has so much potential. To the ground floor the accommodation offers a living room, good size kitchen that leads to a large hallway to another reception room and family bathroom. To th..."
**GREENBANK EASTON BORDERS - IDEAL LOCATION** This gorgeous end terrace provides easy walking access to all of Greenbank and Easton's vibrant community and amenities. Internally offering a cosy lounge with a fireplace and a lovely central sitting dining room complete with log burner and bi-fold d...
"IF YOU WANT VIBRANT CITY CENTRE LIVING, LOOK NO FURTHER!! A modern, rarely available, three bedroom ground floor apartment with a private enclosed patio and dedicated car parking space. The apartment provides spacious living just two minutes’ walk from Bristol Temple Meads tra..."
"**COMPLETE CHAIN ABOVE** Tucked away in this period cul-de-sac in the heart of Knowle and just a very short walk away from the plentiful amenities & shops of this extremely popular suburb, is this wonderfully presented, Victorian home, retaining a wealth of charm & character, double glaz..."
"Beautifully presented detached bungalow in convenient location not far from the high street. Hallway, good size lounge, luxuriously appointed kitchen/diner with island and bi-fold doors. Two bedrooms, classic contemporary style bathroom, off street parking, garage plus front, side and rear gardens"
Three bedrooms | No chain | Two reception rooms | Good sized garden Experience the best of city living in this beautifully maintained three-bedroom mid terrace house located in the desirable Fishponds area of Bristol. This property has been modernized over the years and offers the opportunity ...
"*** Lovely End Of Terrace Family Home*** Accommodation On The Ground Floor Comprises Through Lounge Diner, Extended Kitchen Breakfast Room, Utility Room And Down Stairs WC, On The First Floor There Are Three Bedrooms And Bathroom, To The Outside Front And Rear Gardens And gated Off Street Parking."
"“During my eight years in my home, I’ve found that the location of my home has gotten better and better with the development of Church Road and everything that I have found during my time here. The house is very close to Whitehall Primary School which is rated as 'outstanding' by Ofsted and shown..."
"Will at Nexa Bristol is pleased to introduce this high spec 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom which is ideally located in the city centre and comes with an underground parking spot."
Connells are pleased to offer to the market this superb 4 bedroom family home set in a tranquil location which offers spacious living and benefits from a great size rear garden and off street parking. Call connells today!
"A beautifully presented two bed, double bay fronted detached bungalow boasting a sunny orientation and private gardens. "
"""I have loved living here and spent many days meeting up with friends on North Street or in the park. I will miss living in this amazing community and being a short walk away from everything I need!"""
This stylish two bedroom apartment is positioned on the third floor within Regent House.
"A three bedroom semi detached house located in a cul de sac. The property briefly comprises of entrance porch to a open plan dining room / kitchen with access to garden. Living room with conservatory and further access to the garden. Upstairs offers three bedrooms, family shower room a..."
"A beautifully presented terraced home that offers brilliant living spaces, private garden and easy access to North Street."
"A well presented three bedroom semi-detached family home with a generous rear garden, situated on a quiet road in the popular Bedminster Down area. The property comprises in brief of a living room, dining room, kitchen, three bedrooms and bathroom. Situated just a 20 minute walk to the local amen..."
"Located in the heart of Sea Mills, on the popular ‘Shirehampton Road’ is this charming, three bedroom, semi-detached home."
"South west facing garden.Are you looking for your new family home? Look no further than the Stratford which is ideal for those looking for more space. Hurry, homes are selling fast, book an appointment today!"
A period terrace home located on the ever desirable HAWTHORNE STREET in Upper Totterdown within Hillcrest Primary School's catchment. The beautiful green oasis of Arnos Vale Cemetery is literally over the road with its abundance of wildlife and tranquil walks whilst the independent amenities of t...
"A wonderfully well appointed three bedroom semi detached home superbly located in the popular St. Matthias development in Fishponds close to Vassals Park, the Snuff Mills Estate as well as Fishponds High Street. Further benefits include an en suite to the master bedroom, downstairs cloakroom/wc, ..."
"Offered for sale with no chain. A spacious three bedroom semi detached home, requiring some modernisation, complete with gardens, driveway parking, a detached garage and further potential for extension, subject to planning. All situated in the popular Highridge/Uplands area of south Bristol. ..."
"This fabulous link semi detached property has been totally refurbished throughout by the current owners, they present stylish, modern accommodation with no onward chain."
A lovely well-kept 2-bedroom mid-terrace home on Swiss Road in Ashton Vale with off-street parking for two cars.
"New to the market this charismatic 3 bedroom terraced home, situated in the ever popular St George, BS5."
"CJ Hole Bishopsworth are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom, semi-detached family home in Bedminster Down."
"Hunters Estate Agents - Fishponds office are delighted to offer this spacious detached 2 bedroom bungalow within a little known backwater, just off Thingwall Park. Rare to the market this fine home has been maintained and preserved by the recent owners over many years. Occupying a discreet positi..."
"Andrews are pleased to welcome this unique property on prestigious Harrowdene Road to the market. This property has an abundance of character and charm running through it, and it truly is one not to be missed. When entering the hallway which has stripped back wooden flooring leads to th..."
CJ Hole Southville are pleased to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom property located in Ashton Vale.
"A beautifully presented two bedroom Victorian style property, situated in this ever popular road in Bedminster, perpendicular to Victoria Park. On the ground floor you will find the entrance hallway, a spacious lounge leading through to the dining room area, with modern fitted kitchen at the rear..."
"A spacious and well-designed two-bedroom, apartment located in the popular Carfax Court development (for buyers aged 55 or above), located on the edge of Durdham Downs. The accommodation is well planned, comprising of an entrance hall with three large storage cupboards leading into two d..."
This extended 3 bedroom family home is being offered to the market for the first time in over 50 years.
"A stylish and well-proportioned 2 double bedroom first floor flat with stunning water views and off-street parking space, set with John Cabot Court, Baltic Wharf."
This superb 4 bedroom semi detached home is brought to the market with no onward chain has been extended by the current owners and provides off street parking and sizeable garden. call Connells today to book your viewing!
"A modern and well presented three bedroom semi detached family home located in the ever popular Whitchurch Village which is perfect for first time buyers or the growing family. The property briefly comprises: entrance hallway, kitchen, cloakroom and lounge which is over looking the enclosed rear..."
GORGEOUS HOME ALERT!! This 4 bed abode in Stockwood is ready and waiting to open its doors to a new family. Check out the stunning kitchen/diner and utility room!
"Offered to the market with no onward chain and in need of some updating/finishing off, is this attractive stone fronted period terraced home, boasting two double bedrooms and a study. "
"Cj Hole Southville are delighted to welcome to the sales market this two double bedroom, terraced family home in Bedminster."
A 2 bedroom bungalow in a fabulous position sitting alongside the River Avon. The space and views surrounding it are great and there is no chain.
"Situated on the popular Fortfield Green estate set at the head of a cul de sac, is this well presented detached home. The accommodation in brief comprises generous entrance hall with tiled flooring, sitting room overlooking the front, renovated kitchen / diner with French doors leading to the rea..."
Livestream auction 4/04/23
"An ideal family home in a quiet street with open plan living, good sized bedrooms, front and rear gardens and solar panels helping to future proof."
"Quietly situated in a small, much favoured cul-de-sac close to Highridge Common, this THREE BEDROOM DETACHED, is realistically priced to reflect the need for COSMETIC UPDATING"
"A chance to own a small part of Westbury on Tryms history, this fantastic semi detached coach house was originally said to be part of a stables block, it was originally constructed circa late 1800s."
"A fantastic three bedroom semi-detached family home, situated in a quiet and secluded quiet cul-de-sac in the popular Whitchurch area. This property would be ideal for any growing family looking to put their own stamp on a property and also with its close proximity to local schools and amenities...."
A well-presented three bedroom link-detached family home built in the 80s and located within this popular area is offered for sale. Enjoying a cul-de-sac location and within easy access to all major routes. The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall with stairs leading to the first flo...
"A three bedroom mid terrace property in a popular location in BS3. Briefly comprising entrance, lounge, Kitchen, bathroom and three good size bedrooms, the property benefits from off street parking, a garden with long reaching views and a purpose built office/outbuilding at the bottom of the garden"
A three bedroom semi detached property in a quiet location in St Anne's Park with garage and driveway and lovely river views to the rear. NO ONWARD CHAIN
"""We moved over to the area with the aim of getting more space and easy access to the motorway. What we found in Trendlewood Park was so much more than that and we absolutely love living in this part of Bristol. We instantly felt welcome and at home in this friendly neighbourhood, thanks to ou..."
"A nice sized three bedroom terraced house lose to local amenities. Accommodation includes, kitchen/diner, cloakroom and a good sized rear garden. ."
"A spacious three bedroom home located on Greenway Drive, Southmead offering a substantial plot and driveway parking."
"Wonderful home filled with period features, large rear garden and garden lodge, this house is a must see."
"LAUNCHING 25TH MARCH 2023 BY APPOINTMENT ONLY - A superb collection of stylish 2, 3 and 4 bedroom energy efficent new homes. "
"A well-presented semi-detached 3-bedroom property on Timsbury Road in Bedminster, with the added advantage of off-street parking and family-size rear garden."
"A beautifully finished three bedroom townhouse new build, offered to the market with no onward chain. This brand new end of terrace property has been completed to a high specification and features open plan, light and airy accommodation throughout. The ground floor includes, entrance ha..."
"A beautiful apartment offering city living at its finest with well proportioned accommodation, city views, secure underground parking and a daily concierge"
"A much loved family home being offered to the market for the first time since its construction in the late 1960s, the property offers flexible accommodation and lots of outside space."
We are pleased to offer this 2 bedroom apartment overlooking the waterfront. situated in Hotwells the flat is just a 5 minute walk to the city centre and is close to all the bars and restaurants that the waterfront has to offer This is a property that is bound to be of interest to buy...
"Set opposite a small green is this lovely three bedroom semi detached home with two receptions, kitchen, bathroom and enclosed 35 x 30 rear garden."
"This three-bedroom home in BS3 is located just 1.1 miles from vibrant North Street, where you will find many independent cafes, bars and shops. There are also great transport links nearby by such as Parson street train station just 1 mile from your door. "
"Situated in the sought after area of Redfield and within easy reach of Church Road, and it's vast range of popular local amenities, is this spacious period property. Briefly comprising entrance hall, generous lounge/dining room kitchen, lobby, four piece bathroom suite, three bedrooms, rear garden."
"OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN!! TWO BEDROOMS!! END OF TERRACE HOME!! VICTORIAN STYLE!! REQUIRING UPDATING THROUGHOUT!! UPSTAIRS BATHROOM!! CLOSE TO SHOPS & AMENITIES!! EXCELLENT ACCESS TO ST. GEORGES PARK!! This super two bedroom Victorian style end of terrace home, offered with no chain and just a short..."
"With the popular Victoria Park at the end of the street, this extended two-bedroom home on Monmouth Street, benefiting from no onward chain."
"**LARGE CORNER PLOT** **DRIVEWAY** **LOW MAINTENANCE REAR GARDEN** Located in the popular BS5 postcode comes this brand new completely stunning family home. Accommodation comprises of; entrance hall, large light living/dining room and extended kitchen leading to the rear garden. To the..."
"""Raising a family at St Luke’s has been so much fun. We’ve been able to cycle to Hotwells primary school across the city on cycle lanes along the river to the docks. Small things like walking our dog in the park and getting to know other dog walkers and sharing a moment make your day (and new fri..."
"This three bedroom mid terrace home has been updated and maintained to a high standard by the current owners. The accommodation comprises: Entrance hall, living room, dining room, kitchen breakfast room, cloakroom. the first floor has three bedrooms and a bathroom. Outside the property has a good..."
This delightful double bayed period terraced home is ideally suited for those with the skills to refurbish a property and looking to make a home just how they want it. Located on the doorstep of the independent shops and cafes on Sandy Park Road and with great transport links to the City Centre. ...
A charming 2 bedroom home tucked away on Bath Street in Ashton Gate with the North street and local shops a short walk.
**BAY FRONTED IN A QUIET POSITION** This home has been so well loved and maintained by the current owner. It is minutes away from St Marks Road amenities and the train station but tucked away at the end of this quiet road. Boasting two reception rooms and a generous kitchen fitted in 2019 with F...
"!!! 3D INTERACTIVE VIRTUAL TOUR !!!! Greenwoods are delighted to welcome to the market this three bedroom semi detached home situated in a cul-de-sac on Dennor Park in Hengrove. The spacious ground floor accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hallway, bay fronted lounge, open plan kitchen/dini..."
"Situated a stones throw from Whiteladies Road, this top floor flat is located in a quiet building with the added benefit of a parking space in a secure garage beneath the building. The flat is situated at the top of the building and has a stunning loft style kitchen / living / dining r..."
A GORGEOUS 3 Bed Semi-Detached Home with garage and driveway. Easy travel links and nearby cycle path. POPULAR Whitchurch Cul-de-Sac Location.
"""Our house really has become a welcoming home with traditional and modern features. We love the location - to have a south-facing garden and not be overlooked is a big win in Bristol. We also didn’t have to wait for an allotment at the back of the property so have been fortunate to keep the garde..."
***NEW TO MARKET PERIOD PROPERTY*** This Victorian terrace is located in the heart of Fishponds . A stones throw from the high street and local shops. This lovely home comprises of a bay fronted lounge and open dining room / kitchen across the back of the property. Upstairs ...
"An immaculately presented home situated in the popular area of Bishopsworth, South Bristol. The property has been well looked after by its current owners and would make a fantastic purchase for anyone looking to move straight into a property. This home has been extended and offers ample living sp..."
NO ONWARD CHAIN. This three bed home was totally refurbished in 2009 to include new electrics and gas central heating system and is very energy efficient with an EPC rating C.
Beautifully presented throughout with an open plan kitchen diner with central island and bi fold doors taking you out to an enclosed rear garden. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN.
"Built to the latest space and design standards with clever design features throughout, the three-bedroom Henbury is no ordinary three-bedroom semi.From the hallway, the modern kitchen/diner welcomes you into the home and it's the place your family and friends will love spending time in. At t..."
Take a look online at the 360 tour we have available of this popular Henbury home. Click through to see more images and floor plans to picture your new home. Book an appointment to start your journey with us today.
"5% deposit paid worth £17,850. .Take a look online at the 360 tour we have available of this popular Henbury home. Click through to see more images and floor plans to picture your new home. Book an appointment to start your journey with us today."
"RUSSELL ROAD, FISHPONDS! Nestled away within reaching distance of Barton Fields greenery and the vibrant Lodge Causeway amenities and Good Schools sits this beautifully presented and spacious two bedroom period family home; Ideal for first time buyers and investors alike! The property welcom..."
"Property ref: AM0295   Welcome to River View. Situated next to the river Frome and Snuff Mills, this mid terraced cottage boasts 2 bedrooms, 2 reception rooms, a huge attic and a beautifully kept private courtyard garden. Whilst nature, beauty and sc..."
"On the characterful Russell Road you will find this three bedroom terraced home, beautifully maintained and improved by its current owners, ideally located close to Fishponds High Street. "
"Very well presented three bedroom semi detached house situated in a sought after location with a pleasant open outlook to the rear. The property is ideally placed to give good access to the M4/M5 motorway links, Cribs Causeway, Bristol City Centre and other local amenities in nearby Henbury. Of p..."
" A superb 3 bedroom, semi-detached home that is immaculately presented and ready to move straight into. With light and airy open planned living downstairs, 3 good bedrooms as well as driveway, garage and beautiful rear garden, this house is sure to be popular to a range of buyers. With the Blais..."
The property offers entrance porch leading into open plan lounge following through into a fully fitted kitchen / breakfast room and access through sliding doors into a conservatory/ snug area. From the conservatory you have patio doors into the mature rear garden. On the first floor you have...
Hunters are delighted to offer for sale this highly spacious mid terrace property set within the popular Oldbury Court area being within walking distance to Vassalls Park offering lovely walks along with River Frome. This lovely home would suit families or first time buyers and has the benefit of...
Parks Sales & Lettings are delighted to offer this well presented Semi Detached modern family home set in a sought after location close to the River Avon which is easily accessed just down the road from the property perfect for water sport enthusiasts and access to the cycle path which is jus...
"Cj Hole Brislington are pleased to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom End of Terrace in Brislington, being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
INCOMPLETE BUILD In need of work and attracting first time buyers and investors alike is this 2 bedroom end of terraced home
"UNEXPECTEDLY BACK TO THE MARKET! An excellent opportunity to purchase this three bedroom semi-detached property situated on a highly desirable road in the popular Headley Park area. The property would be perfect for a growing family, located just a stones throw away from Headley Park Primary Sc..."
"A well appointed 2 double bedroom apartment with private entrance, courtyard and parking. Moments from Clifton Downs. No onward chain."
Hunters Estate Agents - Fishponds Office are delighted to offer this unique and highly rewarding 1930's pebbledash rendered double fronted house within a prominent corner position with large rear garden/plot and Garage. Providing outstanding potential for re-development and/or a range of alternat...
A stunning two bedroom detached home offered for sale ready for immediate occupation & ideally located close to the endless amenities on the Gloucester Road.
"FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! This three bedroom end terrace home has been divided into two separate maisonettes (two bed GFF and a one bedroom FFF) both with private access, garden space and fitted kitchens and tenants already in place. No onward chain."
"A three bedroom extended end of terrace home in excellent condition throughout, located in the popular area of Knowle. Located only a short walk to surrounding shops, school and bus links. Also, within easy access of the City Centre & Temple Meads. Benefits include off street parking and a..."
"This three bedroom semi detached FAMILY HOME comes without the complication of a chain, and offers QUALITY ACCOMMODATION, enjoying a GOOD SIZE REAR GARDEN, and views across to Whitchurch Village."
Now available for viewings is this 3 bedroom semi- detached (formerly PRC) home located on Snowdon Road. This ideal starter/family home has recently undergone a full renovation internally and upon finish will boast bright and modern living space through out.
Beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached family home located in a desirable residential area complete with substantial rear garden ideal for entertaining plus off road parking and electric car charging point.
CJ Hole Brislington are pleased to present to the sales market this two bedroom terraced property located in the popular Sandy Park area.
"STAMP DUTY FREE FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS! This substantial three bedroom semi detached home offers large front and rear gardens, 17ft lounge, 11ft dining room, bathroom plus separate cloakrooms."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this well proportioned one bedroom ground floor apartment with a garage in the popular Charlton mead estate.
"""We loved being able to host big gatherings in the kitchen and garden, and particularly enjoyed the patio area in the summer. We haved loved the location (close to Henleaze, Gloucester Road and the hospital), and local friends appreciated the primary school too."""
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this much loved semi detached family home on the Portway in Shirehampton with no onward chain.
"Located close to The Downs and Whiteladies Road this flat has many iconic Bristol spots right on the doorstep. This area has many tree-lined roads, with parks and green spaces, perfect for summer days. This part of Redland Road is hugely convenient being placed in between several hugely popular p..."
An extended 5 Bed Semi-detached home with large garden and garage. An ideal home for the hustle and bustle of family life.
"** GARAGE AND PARKING ** EXTENDED KITCHEN ** AMAZING VIEWS ** This three bedroom extended semi detached home offers the following accommodation; porch, entrance hall, lounge, dining room and extended kitchen. To the first floor can be found three bedrooms and bathroom. The property ben..."
"OFF STREET PARKING. Situated in the prestigious and sought after College Road, with views across to the cricket ground. College Road is a short distance to the open spaces at Clifton Downs, numerous shopping facilities on Whiteladies Road and Clifton Village."
"8 Novers Crescent is a beautiful 3 bedroom semi-detached property located in the desirable West Knowle area of Bristol. This stunning 3-bedroom property has been fully refurbished to a fantastic standard and offers modern, comfortable living throughout"
"CJ Hole Bishopsworth are delighted to welcome to the sales market this excellent three bedroom family home situated in the heart of The Uplands, being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"A fantastic, semi detached home in the heart of Headley Park with elevated views over to the city centre and Clifton Suspension Bridge. The property has been well looked after throughout and would make a perfect purchase for anyone looking to move straight in. Comprising in brief a living/dining ..."
"GUIDE PRICE RANGE: £350,000 - £375,000. Located in historic Portland Square, a well-proportioned & stylish two double bedroom penthouse occupying the entirety of the top floor of an attractive Grade I listed building. Benefiting from an off-street parking space alongside being offere..."
"INITIAL APPEARANCES ARE DECEPTIVE! This attractive Victorian terrace home offers so much more!- Beautifully modernised and refurbed interiors that offer three bathrooms, two bedrooms plus attic room 24ft kitchen/dining room, 14 ft lounge, enclosed garden and outbuilding with WC and shower room."
"This three bedroom house boasts a spacious garden and sun room from reception is located in a desirable Westbury on Trym location. The property also benefits from a utility room, additional WC and plenty of storage."
Offered with no onward chain comes this well proportioned bright and spacious 1960s three bedroom mid terrace within walking distance of St Georges Park. 
Andrews is proud to offer a two bedroom first floor apartment benefitting from a private entrance situated in a fantastic location on Cotham Hill and sold with no onward chain
"Michael Nicholas Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this outstanding EXTENDED Period terraced property. The property is located within this highly popular Staple Hill Area, just a very..."
A beautifully designed 2 bedroom apartment on level 1 offering open plan living area with Juliet balcony and allocated parking.
"THIS SUPERB, WELL-PROPORTIONED TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM APARTMENT IN A MUCH DESIRED DEVELOPMENT, IS SET ON THE SECOND FLOOR WITH LIFT ACCESS AND OVER LOOKS THE CRICKET PITCH FROM BOTH BEDROOM AND LIVING SPACE. "
"""Over nine years ago, I made an offer within just a few hours after viewing this apartment, I totally fell in love and I am still in love with it today. I felt very safe and secure, which suits me down to the ground. For a single lady like me who does not have any DIY skills but can enjoy the bea..."
A chain-free 3-bedroom semi-detached property on Headley Park Road in Headley Park with parking. A very popular location for a family!
"Offered to the market is this beautifully presented three bedroom semi-detached family home. The accommodation comprises of, spacious entrance hallway, living room, kitchen/breakfast room and a lovely conservatory. To the first floor are three bedrooms and a bathroom. To the rear of the property..."
Hollis Morgan LAND AND NEW HOMES - A Freehold parcel of land with scope for residential development subject to consents.
A stunning 3 bedroom semi-detached property on Silbury Road in Ashton vale. This is a must see and ready to move in!
"Cj Hole Brislington are delighted to welcome to the sales market this two double bedroom, detached family home in Totterdown."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** Fantastic bungalows like this are rarely available! Briefly comprising of, entrance hallway, spacious lounge with bay fronted window, two double bedrooms, recently fitted wetroom, kitchen and conservatory/utility room leading to the garage. Fu..."
"MODERN TOWNHOUSE!! THREE BEDROOMS!! TWO BATHROOMS!! DRIVEWAY!! EXCELLENT ACCESS TO COMMUTER ROUTES!! SOLAR PANELS!! BUILT 2017!! This superb modern style end of terrace three bedroom townhouse, located just a short distance from Stapleton Road and access to commuter routes via the M32. Built in 2..."
CJ Hole Bishopsworth is delighted to welcome to the sales market this excellent three-bedroom family home located in the heart of Headley Park.
"“We honestly couldn't have asked for more in a first home- Loft House has given us everything we were looking for as young professionals, and then as a new family of three. The property is so peaceful with it's own private access and large patio looking onto the secure courtyard garden. Alongside..."
"** PLEASE INTERACT WITH OUR MARKET LEADING VIRTUAL TOUR** We are delighted to offer for sale this splendid three bedroom townhouse with enclosed garden, garage with electric door, and off-street parking. This fine property is in super order throughout and offers versatile living accommodation,..."
"A delightful two bedroom third floor flat with superb views over Brandon Hill and the Harbourside, with access to private communal gardens and situated moments from Clifton Village & Clifton Triangle. Being sold with no chain"
"A beautifully presented three bedroom Victorian terraced home, ideally situated between Downend and Staple Hill High Street, walking distance to a range of shops and amenities. Viewings taking place Saturday 4th March, viewings can be requested via our 24/7 online portal or by phone."
Connells are pleased to offer to the market this superb Three bedroom family home situated in a sought after location of Brislington which offer an extensive rear garden with ample parking to the front within close walking distance to shops and amenities of the ever popular sandy park.
Two bedroom apartment on the second floor within Regent House. Part the acclaimed development at Factory No. 1 within the converted former factory building.
"Chappell and Matthews are delighted to bring to the market this two bedroom apartment located in the heart of the city centre. The living area is spacious and features a private balcony, providing a relaxing outdoor space to enjoy. Both bedrooms are double in size, with the master bedr..."
"Andrews is pleased to offer a fantastic investment opportunity, currently split into two one bedroom apartments and benefitting from an additional annex to the rear. Sold via modern method of auction and with no onward chain."
A smart and stylish first home or investment at The General
"""This has been a wonderful home for our family. Milverton Gardens is a quiet and safe cul-de-sac, and the neighbours are very friendly. Our children benefitted enormously from attending Sefton Park school, just a 10-minute walk away, and rated “Good” by Ofsted. Close to the leafy St. Andrews Park..."
ECO LIVING! Set within a stone's throw of Netham Playing Fields and walking distance to the vibrant Church Road amenities sits this beautifully presented and spacious two bedroom period home; The current owners over their time living there has transformed their loving home throughout and is now f...
"We are delighted to bring to the market this superb 2 bedroom semi detached property on Hall Street which is placed on the edge of Bedminster & Windmill Hill, having the perfect combination of independent shops, cafes & restaurants, This home boasts a generous size garden plot"
"This superb apartment benefits from it's ground floor position, tall ceilings, airy feeling AND private outdoor space accessed directly. Furthermore, the allocated parking is located adjacent to private patio. A very stylish and attractive property throughout. Please call with any questions."
"""This property has been a great first home for us and our dog. We have thoroughly enjoyed sitting in the garden, soaking up the evening sun and couldn't have asked for more welcoming neighbours. It also has easy access to North Street, Ashton Gate and Bristol City Centre, with the added bonus of ..."
Ideal opportunity for a family or investors to purchase this semi-detached four bedroom house with NO ONWARD CHAIN.
"The perfect apartment for a first time buyer, investor or someone seeking a pied a terre in the centre of Bristol, this wonderful two bedroom warehouse conversion apartment comes with allocated off-street parking and stunning views of the harbourside."
"This double bay end of terrace Victorian home is sure to be in demand! Located in the popular BS5 postcode and within close proximity of Church Road. Boasting a separate lounge with bay window, kitchen/dining room, two bedrooms, bathroom and rear garden! "
"An impressive semi-detached bungalow located centrally for the amenities of Downend. Benefiting from having good size mature front & rear gardens, garage & carport. Spacious well presented living accommodation comprising: lounge, kitchen/diner, 2 double bedrooms & modern shower room. NO CHAIN."
"**Beautifully Presented Four Bedroom Mid Terrace Cottage With Large Rear Garden** The Property Comprising of Hallway, Kitchen, Lounge, Dining Room, Office, WC, Landing, Four Bedrooms and Bathroom. Property Benefits From Gas Central Heating System, Double Glazing, Parking, Large Rear Garden with R..."
"An extended three bedroom family home with a loft room presented in good condition throughout, situated in the highly desirable Bedminster Down area. This property features spacious accommodation by the way of three reception rooms, kitchen, three bedrooms, loft room and upstairs shower room. Thi..."
"Beautifully presented three bedroom family home. With entrance hallway, lounge, open plan kitchen/diner, with downstairs cloakroom, three bedrooms, raised patio and enclosed rear garden, off street parking is provided to the front."
"Superbly located close to the River Avon, this Victorian Terrace propety offers accommodation over two floors with two bedrooms on the first floor and a large loft room."
Immaculately presented throughout this fantastic two bed period cottage is located right in the heart of the beautiful village of Westbury on Trym.
"A spacious, and recently improved throughout, two bedroom Victorian mid-terrace house with two additional loft rooms and a level rear garden with parking option."
"Situated in the popular area of Kingswood, this modern four bedroom town house offers both huge amounts of space and convenience for any future owner"
"Cj Hole are delighted to welcome to the sales market this three bedroom, terraced family home in Brislington."
Andrews is proud to offer a two bedroom apartment benefitting from a private courtyard garden and situated in a fantastic location in Redland also sold with no onward chain. 
A sizeable ( 1000 sq ft ) and highly practical three story townhouse with garage and allocated parking.
A beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached house in a popular location for sale! This three bedroom family home has been extensively improved by its current owners and benefits from a lovely position on the borders of St George and Hanham close to local transport links and amenities. Hig...
"Situated in the ever popular `Sands' and being only a stroll from the many amenities on Sandy Park Road including brief, the accommodation comprises an entrance hall, an open-plan lounge/diner, a kitchen and with three bedroom..."
"This lovely THREE BEDROOM semi detached property is situated in an EXCELLENT LOCATION CLOSE TO TOWN and many other local amenities. It is a stones throw from the Manor Woods nature reserve and has close access to Chew Valley too. There is a doctors surgery, co-op and school all within a 5 minute ..."
"A spacious Three Bedroom Semi Detached family home with a sizeable rear garden and plenty potential. Located in the ever popular Henbury area of Bristol with great links to the M5 M4 and 2 minutes away from your Bus Stop line 1,2 to City Centre."
"A stunning semi detached house offering lounge, dining room, modern style kitchen conservatory and downstairs cloakroom/WC. There are three bedrooms and modern style bathroom. To the rear is a beautifully presented garden with studio. Viewing is highly recommended."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain, is this spacious, three-bedroom, family home. Situated on a popular road and benefits from downstairs W/C, off-street parking, garage and a generous, south-facing garden."
"Built in 2015, this semi-detached home on Cotford Close has recently been significantly improved by the current owners."
"Located in the increasingly popular area of Hillfields, situated on a quiet road off of Lodge Causeway, this newly renovated three bedroom semi-detached house offers modern living along with beautiful green space on your doorstep and being offered with no onward chain"
A spacious and highly energy efficient duplex apartment with private balcony and gated parking
Enjoying an elevated position within an attractive Victorian building in the heart of Redland - a well-arranged 2 double bedroom top floor apartment benefitting from stunning city-scape views and a well-maintained communal garden. Offered with no onward chain. Two double bedrooms Conveni...
A delightful 2 bedroom garden flat tucked away to the rear of a fine period building on Pembroke Road and set within the Clifton East Residents parking Zone.
"Terraced home with TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS with TWO ENSUITES and with KITCHEN DINING room, SEPARATE LOUNGE and ALLOCATED PARKING."
"A well-presented and spacious 2 bedroom upper floor apartment, situated on Westbury Road in Westbury-On-Trym with allocated off street parking and incredible views to the front. This spacious top floor flat comprises of an open plan living space laid with laminate flooring and double gla..."
"Well presented, sizeable semi detached family home sat at the head of this popular and convenient cul de sac. Ample off street parking, surprisingly large rear garden, this is a home that must be viewed. Offered in good order throughout this could be the one that you have been waiting for! "
"Three bedroom semi detached property set within easy access to the City Centre and beyond conveniently located close to local amenities. The living accommodation comprises; Entrance hall, lounge/diner and kitchen to the ground floor. To the upper floor there are three bedrooms and a bathroom. T..."
An excellently modernised house on County Street with views an parking - an ideal first home for someone wanting to be in a central location.
*NEW RELEASE*: Plot 83 The Matthew is a ZERO CARBON home boasting ground source heat pumps. This high-quality new build also includes a modern kitchen and an integrated fridge freezer. Upstairs there are three good sized rooms and a family bathroom. Located in a popular area close to local amenities
"A two double bedroom bungalow well presented and well maintained. This would be a fantastic property for buyers looking to downsize. Accommodation comprising: Living room, Kitchen, two double bedrooms, shower room, conservatory. Outside. Front and rear gardens, driveway and garage."
"Set on this popular tree lined road is this lovely and well presented property being offereds to the market with no onward chain and boasts a large rear garden with a large double garage which has recently had a new roof and electrics installed, making it a perfect spot for a home office/gym!"
"A smart and well presented modern home on the sought after Pavilions development in Southmead, featuring three bedrooms, en suite facilities, garage/parking and a south west facing rear garden. Call, Click or Come in and visit our experienced sales team to arrange your view. Loc..."
An impressive and sizeable family home located on the Portway with great size gardens to the rear to wile away the hot summer days and is set in a great location on the edges of Shirehampton village and is offered with NO onward chain. This wonderful double bayed semi detached family hom...
"Michael Nicholas Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this 1930's semi-detached property. Positioned just along from Downend Cricket Club and a 'Stones Throw' to the shops, bus r..."
This stunning and spacious TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM APARTMENT is just a stones throw away from the Harbourside and is well situated for all the local amenities and great transport links all close by. Well presented throughout this property is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN and will appeal to an array ...
"NO ONWARD CHAIN, READY TO MOVE INTO. EXCELLENT POTENTIAL. We present this fresh to the market three bedroom modern style detached family home offered with extensive rear plot and no onward chain. The well built and spacious property comprises entrance porch, hallway, lounge with retro fireplace a..."
"Connells are pleased to offer to the market located in heart of the ever popular Easton and Greenbank borders, comes this incredibly spacious three double bedroom home, requiring modernisation and perfect to put your own stamp on."
A good sized three bedroom semi-detached located on the popular Pen Park Road providing easy access to major employers and Southmead Hospital.
"Central location close to the high street in Shirehampton village, this 3 bedroom Semi Detached home is sure to be popular."
"*NO ONWARD CHAIN* This mid-terraced house boasts three well-proportioned bedrooms, offering ample space for a family or those in need of a home office. The property benefits from a double driveway to the front of the house, providing convenient off-street parking, while a garage accessed via a ..."
An extended family home in the popular Knowle Park offering great potential for a new owner to make their mark on a property.
"Beautifully presented and conveniently located, is this modern (built 2010), two bedroom, home marketed with no onward chain."
"Rare to market is this three bed detached home located in Brentry, providing easy access to The Mall, Major Employers and the M4/M5."
Rare to the market and set in the ever-popular BS5 postcode comes this impressive modern three-bedroom semi-detached townhouse with two allocated parking spaces. 
"This beautiful FOUR BEDROOM semi detached property is PERFECT FOR FAMILIES OR FIRST TIME BUYERS and is well located for all the local amenities including shops, schools and good transport links all close by. Light and spacious, this property has been well maintained and decorated to a high standa..."
"Hunters Estate Agents BS4 are pleased to present to the open market this extended, three bedroom, semi detached home situated on the popular Queenshill Road in Knowle. In need of some modernisation this family home is situated in the heart of Knowle Park close to local shops, schools and amenitie..."
"A three bedroom family home situated in a quiet road in the sought after Headley Park location. The property is conveniently located just a short walk from Headley Park school, local amenities and a vast array of open green spaces, making the property ideal for a family. The property comprises in..."
"Elevate your lifestyle by becoming a Long Fox Manor resident! We are delighted to offer to market this stunning 2 bedroom apartment within the complex, offering a social community, swimming pool, gym, communal areas and stunning grounds. Whats not to love?"
"OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN !! A two bedroom semi detached bungalow in need of some modernisation and situated in this popular location in Whitchurch in easy reach of local amenities and bus routes. The accommodation comprises; Entrance porch, entrance hall, lounge, conservatory, kitche..."
