Summary
FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED home with a SPACIOUS INTERIOR including LARGE SEPARATE LOUNGE and OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM. First floor boasts 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS with an EN-SUITE to the master.
"Unique property in an exclusive, much sought after location with the most stunning, far reaching views over Cardiff and the Bristol Channel from the Severn Crossing in the east to St Hilary to the west. Principle family home with accommodation including a grand central atrium, dining and living r..."
"Well Trading City Centre Bar Investment Offers in excess of £1950000.00  BUSINESS TRADING AS USUAL AND REMAINS UNAFFECTED. The premises are located on a prominent corner pitch, adjoining both Mill Lane and St Mary's Street and is arranged over four floors. The basement i..."
"An imposing detached five bedroom family residence, located within a very private select gated close, approached from Llandennis Avenue, and providing a 4600 square feet with large secluded gardens, an thermal heated outdoor swimming pool and extensive private parking."
"This exceptional, former Water Tower, is an award winning architecturally designed house, which provides stylish and unique living space allowing in an abundance of natural light from the floor to ceiling windows. The sleek, contemporary interior, combined with the classical features from the lan..."
"** DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY ** PRIME LOCATION ** A rare opportunity to acquire this 1 acre (0.4 Ha) development site, currently a detached bungalow, situated in the prime village of Llandaff, Cardiff. With FULL PLANNING PERMISSION (subject to signing the Section 106 Agreement) for two different sc..."
"** EXECUTIVE DETACHED FAMILY HOME OF OVER 4500 SQ.FT. ** SITUATED ON LARGE PLOT IN PRIME LOCATION ** A rare opportunity to acquire this exceptional, six bedroom extended detached home situated a prime location within the sought-after village of Llandaff, and only two miles to Cardiff City Centre...."
"JeffreyRoss are proud to bring to the market this exclusive gated development of just 4 executive homes located on arguably one of Cardiff's finest roads. These fantastic family homes have been designed and built with sustainability and efficiency in mind, whilst still achieving the luxury you w..."
"** EXCEPTIONAL DETACHED HOME SET WITHIN 6 ACRES ** STUNNING FEATURES ** WITH TWO BEDROOM ANNEX ** Nestled within beautiful Welsh countryside with views over historic Castell Coch is this stunning five bedroom detached barn dating back 300 years, and exquisitely converted in 2002. This superb prop..."
An executive family home with four bedrooms in the highly sought after Cyncoed area of Cardiff
"Llwyn Celyn House is situated in a little known quiet lane off Pantmawr Road within close proximity to Whitchurch Village. Set in its own well established gardens there is considerable privacy and seclusion, seldom found in a residential area. The village offers a comprehensive range of shops..."
FOR SALE BY PUBLIC AUCTION: The auction will take place online on 4th April 2023 at 04:09 PM with registration through our website.
"Thomas H Wood are delighted to present to this spectacular Victorian residence located on one of Radyrs most desirable addresses. Set on a generous westerly plot, this magnificent six double bedroom property has been comprehensively refurbished by the current owners to create a modern family home..."
** EXCEPTIONAL SIX BEDROOM DETACHED ** LARGE FRONT & REAR GARDENS ** A beautifully presented six bedroom detached family home on sought after Drysgol Road in the heart of Radyr being positioned almost directly opposite the entry to Radyr golf club and within easy walking distance of Radyr vil...
"A well presented and generously proportioned executive detached family residence, Georgian style in appearance, set in attractive grounds of one third of an acre, tucked away in a private drive just off Mill Road, a short walk to Lisvane Primary School, village centre and all local amenities. Gr..."
"Pinebrook is a detached executive family home, situated in a secluded garden plot in arguably one of Cardiffs most sought after locations. The property offers well appointed and generously proportioned living and bedroom accommodation. Extended and refurbished by the current owners, it is an i..."
A Very Attractive Individually Designed Seven Bedroom Detached Residence Built In 2010 Situated At This Most Sought After Of Areas. The Property Is Situated Within a Half Acre To Include A Large In And Out Front Forecourt And Large Garden To Rear. Excellent Sized Family Accommodation Over Three F...
"Handsome, Georgian style high specification modern executive detached family residence, built in 2010, arranged on three floors, providing generous size accommodation, with an in-and-out driveway, enjoying a magnificent 250ft sunny rear garden, set in grounds of half an acre. Portico, grand 20ft..."
"JeffreyRoss are proud to bring to the market this impressive family home set over two floors and approx 3,194 SQFT. located on one of Cardiff's most prestigious road is this 6 double bedroom detached property that briefly comprises impressive entrance hallway, open plan living Kitchen and dining ..."
"JeffreyRoss are proud to bring to the market this impressive and individually designed Six double bedroom detached residence set in approx 5,516SQFT with indoor swimming pool and leisure suite. The accommodation comprises of grand entrance hall, lounge, sitting room, kitchen diner, utility room a..."
"A unique substantial Victorian townhouse, well placed along the iconic tree lined Cathedral Road. Pontcanna itself offers a wonderful mix of restaurants, coffee shops and boutiques and is locally regarded as Cardiff's fashionable artisan quarter. The City Centre is just a stroll through the ..."
"Handsome, beautifully presented double fronted detached family residence, enjoying a wide frontage with deep driveway in prestigious and favoured Llandennis Avenue, WITH PLANNING PERMISSION TO EXTEND. VIEW THE EXCITING 3D PLANS AVAILABLE. Entrance vestibule, grand reception hall, cloakroom, 25f..."
"Beautifully presented and stylish modern detached family residence, tucked away in a favoured and select quiet Close, set in grounds of a third of an acre enjoying a sunny and private rear garden with summerhouse, a short walk to the village centre, with country walks and woodlands on the doorste..."
"Exceptionally spacious and well proportioned modern detached family residence with front veranda, with OVER 5000 SQ FT OF ACCOMMODATION, tucked away in a private road, just off Hollybush Road, enjoying seclusion and tranquillity, set in grounds of just over an acre (mostly woodland), being withi..."
"*Investment Opportunity* An opportunity to acquire a block of apartments on Newport Road, Cardiff, which briefly consist of 7 apartments, all of which are occupied and generating an immediate rental income. All interest via Chambers Estate Agents. "
"Attention CASH BUYERS: Located in the heart of Cardiff City Centre with easy access to amenities. Churchill Way is just off Queen Street, the main shopping area of the City and Queen Street train station is just across from Landmark Place making it an easy commute to London for example. The ..."
"An opportunity to acquire this delightful three bedroom property with garage converted to private dwelling with en-suite ideal for generational living or Airbnb. The property briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility room, wc, three bedrooms and bathroom. The converted g..."
"Situated opposite Roath Park Wild Gardens an Imposing, extended and beautifully kept Mock Tudor detached house. Within walking distance of Cardiff High School. No chain."
"A stunning & spacious four bedroom detached family home well placed in Llandaff, just a short walk to Llandaff High Street & many cafes, shops, restaurants and other amenities. The property has been tastefully upgraded & extended by the current owners."
"An incredible and truly unique five/six-bedroom character family home situated in a private plot, with its own lane access and gated access with easy access to great schools, the city and transport links."
"JeffreyRoss are proud to bring to the market this exceptional, Six bedroom detached family home located in the popular Coed Y Wenallt. This modern family home boast large entrance hallway with double doors onto the principal reception and dining room. double doors lead from the dining area onto a..."
A rare opportunity to acquire a hidden gem situated off a private drive on the cusp of Pontcanna & Llandaff. This truly executive residence was constructed in1999 and is only to be sold as the original owners seek to downsize for to a smaller garden. The house sits in circa 0.35 acres of well-sto...
"An executive four double bedroom detached family home located on the exclusive Regent Gardens development in Whitchurch. Built in 2006, Regent Gardens is a gated, private development consisting of five substantial detached dwellings of contemporary design. The property is ideally located within t..."
"Welcome to ""The Woburn"" a truly impressive residence from Edenstone Homes at their standout development of Beaufort Park."
"A stunning detached executive modern residence positioned within a select gated close, built and designed to a very high specification by Messrs Redrow Homes. Five large bedrooms, three Villeroy & Bosch luxury bathrooms, south facing gardens, private car drive, double garage."
"** EXECUTIVE DETACHED HOME OF OVER 2800 SQ.FT. ** 0.5 ACRES OF STUNNING GARDENS ** IN THE HEART OF RADYR ** NO CHAIN ** An exceptional 1960's detached family residence retaining many original features located on a large plot of approx. 0.5 acres, situated on sought after Windsor Avenue, in the he..."
"*OFFERING EXCELLENT ACCOMODATION OF JUST UNDER 3,000 sq ft* An imposing traditional Edwardian detached property, built circa 1912, offering excellent square footage with an abundance of Edwardian features, positioned on a quarter of an acre plot, set well back off Cyncoed Road, having an in-a..."
"**Fantastic Investment Opportunity** Urpad are delighted to bring to the market this ideal investment opportunity located on Railway Street, Splott, Cardiff. Close to the City Centre as well as many local amenities and major road links this is is a great location. There are current (cont.)"
"Thomas H Wood Estate Agents are proud to present this beautifully presented four bedroom semi-detached residence situated on Whitchurch's most sought after addresses. Ideally located on The Parade and built at the turn of the last century, this substantial family home has been maintained to a ver..."
"The Sandringham is a new style four bedroom detached from Edenstone Homes, distinctively designed for the second phase of Beaufort Park."
"JeffreyRoss are proud to market this impressively sized family home on one of Cardiff's finest roads. This traditional Edwardian detached property is set in approx 0.25 of an acre and offer 3,053 SQFT of living accommodation with further potential in the loft given the size of the landing. The pr..."
"A substantial bay-fronted period dwelling offering over 3,400 sq ft of accommodation in the heart of Whitchurch village. "
"*** Offers Over £1,1000.000 *** A substantial pair of semi detached properties on a large plot just outside Cardiff city centre. A Super investment/ development opportunity Offered to market with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"Ynys Y Coed is an exclusive, quiet, tree-lined cul de sac tucked away just off Fairwater Road in the historic village of Llandaff. Behind this handsome facade is a charming family home meticulously presented throughout, offering a bright and spacious living accommodation. Built in 1997, the prope..."
"FIRST VIEWINGS THIS SATURDAY 1st APRIL. Please ring or email for an appointment. A stunning, spacious, double fronted Edwardian home in a prime location. The property is beautifully proportioned with an abundance of original features perfectly showcased by the exceptional modern des (cont.)"
"Built in 1988 by an Architect for his own occupation, a modern detached house with double garage accessed via a private driveway in this sought after position. No Chain."
"Introducing The Hatfield, one of our brand new styles for the exciting second phase of Beaufort Park. Available for off plan reservation now."
"Handsome, traditional bay fronted older style detached family residence, retaining charm and character, set on a good size plot with possibilities to extend, subject to planning, quiet and favoured avenue, within easy reach of all local amenities, excellent highway links (M4 and A48) and being wi..."
"This beautifully refurbished detached residence is located in the highly sought after area Cyncoed, north Cardiff. This property offers a number of features and benefits including a secure gated entrance and a generous private plot. Convenient for all local amenities and being within Cardiff..."
"£975,000 Investment/Development Opportunity, Former BBC Studios and School of Music, Stacey Hall, Stacey Road, Roath, Cardiff, CF24 1DR"
*** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN *** MR HOMES ARE PLEASED TO BRING TO THE MARKET THIS SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM MID TERRACED PROPERTY. The Property briefly comprises of Living Room with a Separate Dining Room. A Large Family Kitchen that leads through to the Utility Room and a Downstairs Toilet. To the Fir...
"Behind this handsome stone facade is a charming detached house believed to be part of the original Medieval Court House. The historic property has transformed over the years to blend period character features with modern fittings. There are striking, generous mature gardens that have been meticul..."
"A sizeable family home set in a plot of about 0.4 of an acre offering spacious, adaptable accommodation. Large lounge with open fire, family room / study, generous dining room with adjacent kitchen/breakfast room. Also utility room and ground floor shower room/WC. To the first floor master bedroo..."
"A bespoke property located on the prestigious Graig Road of Lisvane. Built in 2015 this exceptional property is fitted to the highest specification throughout incorporating luxury fixtures and fittings and a It's very own plunge pool. With electric gated access, driveway parking, open plan areas ..."
Super family home in a prestigious location
JeffreyRoss are proud to bring to the market these exceptional and unique Town houses located on phase two of Cathedral Gardens. The contemporary design and layout are what set these apart from the traditional competition that surrounds them as well as benefiting from off road parking. Register y...
Introducing Talbot Row. The final release at Cathedral Gardens are these impressive four bedroom homes. Set over three floors with gated parking and south facing garden and balcony.
"Individual, beautifully presented and spacious detached modern family residence, offering over 3,900 sq ft of versatile high specification accommodation on three comfortable levels, tucked away along a private driveway, enjoying a high degree of privacy and seclusion, being within easy reach of a..."
An opportunity to purchase a substantial warehouse occupying approximately a third of an acre in the heart of Roath and within close proximity to the city centre. All enquiries via sole selling agent Chambers Estate Agents. 
We are delighted to present to market this spectacular detached residence which has been a beloved family home for over 50 years. This exquisite residence is set on one of the most secluded plots in Llandaff and originally built in 1963. This magnificent property offers considerable charm and set...
"A wonderful opportunity to purchase this beautifully presented and rarely available to the market, 4 double bedroom executive detached home located in Ty Gwyn Gardens in Penylan. This select development of around 20 detached homes was built in 2014 by Bellway Homes and is within the highly regard..."
"Ray&Brown are delighted to offer for sale this stunning 5 bedroom property in the heart of Lisvane. This is a rare opportunity to acquire a spacious and individually architected home, featuring 5 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, double garage, and landscaped gardens. "
"This substantial property is notably well-placed along Cathedral Road in a chic Pontcanna location. An unrivaled spot for easy access to parks, international sports stadia, Cardiff City Centre, Cardiff Castle, and the shops, restaurants, cafes and bistros of Pontcanna. Offering spacious ..."
"Beautifully refurbished and presented detached residence, set on a generous size plot of just under quarter of an acre, having a deep 75ft front cobble style front garden and a 63ft professionally landscaped rear garden, convenient for all local amenities and being within Cardiff High School and ..."
"Maison are pleased to offer this prestigious and modern 4 bedroom four- storey townhouse in the gated community with private parking, rear garden and a verandah on the top floor. A perfect way of welcoming the sun in the morning and a sun set towards the end of day at the rear of the property. T..."
"Jeffrey Ross and delighted to bring to the market this unique & individually designed detached family home, set on the edge of a popular road in Penylan. Boasting fantastic modern open plan family living, mixed with closed off rooms, giving you plenty of options with layout. Offering over 3000 ft..."
An impressive apartment with panoramic water views in Cardiff Bay
"OFFERS AROUND £850,000 . A truly stunning and beautifully presented extended detached modern family residence, located in the highly sought after Sovereign Chase (off Cyncoed Road), enjoying open views to a recreational children’s park, within the Cardiff High School catchment, close ..."
"Beautifully presented, versatile and newly constructed detached 5 bedroom modern family home with luxury accommodation providing 2800 sq. ft. of accommodation, within Cardiff High School catchment, a short walk to Rhydypenau Primary School and the comprehensive shopping centre at Llanishen villag..."
"Hentons are delighted to bring to market this spacious and well maintained four bedroom detached property. The property is situated in a prime location of Cyncoed, within catchment area for Rhydypenau Primary and Cardiff High School."
***DETACHED THREE BEDROOM BUNGALOW*** EXCELLENT LOCATION***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** Brinsons of Caerphilly are delighted to offer to the market a rare opportunity to purchase this spacious three bedroom detached bungalow in the highly desirable area of Cyncoed and being offered to the market w...
"Superb Four Double Bedroom detached family home set in an exclusive and sought after development on Everest Walk. This large home has plenty of living space including lounge, dining room, large kitchen/family area, study and a conservatory. Set in a large landscaped garden and close to amenities. "
A wonderful opportunity to acquire this fully refurbished 4 bedroom detached family home in Llandaff. The current owners have transformed the property into a spacious and modern family home with all elements of the house being renewed. The property has benefited from a sizeable double storey exte...
"** INDIVIDUALLY DESIGNED DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** CHOICE LOCATION IN THE VILLAGE OF PENTYRCH ** An exceptionally spacious detached family house, situated in the village of Pentyrch close to local amenities this property offers porch, hallway, spacious lounge, large dining room, sitting room, neat ..."
"** FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME WITH SPACIOUS GARDENS ** FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS ** DOUBLE GARAGE ** A fantastic opportunity to acquire this five bedroom detached home situated within a large plot in the semi-rural village of Capel Llanilltern, located only 7 miles from Cardiff City Centre. This subst..."
"*** Guide Price: £139,950 to £149,950 *** NO CHAIN !!! 2-BED TERRACED STARTER HOME - IDEAL FOR 1st TIME BUYERS or INVESTORS - FREEHOLD - MR HOMES are Happy to Offer FOR SALE this 2-Bedroom Terraced Family Starter Home, comprising in brief; Entrance Hall, Living Room, Kitchen, 1st Floo..."
**NO ONWARD CHAIN** REDUCED FOR A QUICK SALE** A Pristine waterfront town house with outstanding views of Cardiff Bay and Penarth Marina offered to the market with NO CHAIN. These TOWN HOUSES are RARELY AVAILABLE and this one is in IMMACULATE CONDITION WITH SPECTACULAR WATER VIEWS. 
FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME. Built circa 1929 offering 2000sq/ft of living accomodation. Located in a sought after area well positioned within short distance to all local amenites and schools. The property has retained many original features with high ceilings and feature fireplaces...
"* IDEAL LARGE FAMILY HOME * An exceptional five bedroom property in the sought after area of Rhiwbina within in walking distance to Rhiwbina village with a range of shops, cafes and amenities. This stunning home is tucked away on a quiet cul de sac of only 6 houses offering ample privacy, yet all..."
"Hidden behind the handsome stone exterior of this period bay-fronted townhouse lies a vast amount of living space, spread over three floors that offers the perfect blend of charming period features, modern stylish fittings, and a high-specification finish. This stunning family home offer..."
 This extremely well designed and spacious four bedroom townhouse enjoys uninterrupted south facing views over the marina and river. It is situated in a highly desirable development and an internal viewing is highly recommended. The well appointed accommodation includes many added extras inc...
"*Spacious four bedroom semi detached family home in Rhiwbina with substantial plot* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this large four bedroom property in the sought after location of Rhiwbina. This property boasts generous living accommodation including three reception rooms, four ..."
FOR SALE BY PUBLIC AUCTION: The auction will take place online on 4th April 2023 at 04:57 PM with registration through our website.
JeffreyRoss are proud to bring to the market this rare opportunity to acquire this substantial and extended 5 bedroom Victorian three storey family home in the heart of Pontcanna. Located just off Pontcanna street at the start of Plasturton Avenue . The property briefly comprises 5 double bedroom...
"If you love Pontcanna then you will love this stunning, extended bay fronted home, which blends the modern and contemporary with period features. It is spacious inside with rooms over four floors and would be ideal for a family who want to be in the heart of Pontcanna. The teak windows..."
" ** IDYLLIC LOCATION WITH SUPERB VIEWS ** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED GARDENS ** SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION ** A fantastic opportunity to acquire this executive five bedroom detached home situated in an idyllic location in Clos Cefyn Bychan, Pentyrch. The accommodation briefly comprises: entrance, hallway,..."
"This immaculate four bedroom, executive detached family home is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac on the much sought after Parc Radyr development in the semi rural village of Radyr. The property is tucked away in an elevated position and is placed close to local amenities include a parade of shops, ..."
"A large and imposing Gable fronted six bedroom residence of character, Edwardian in style, built circa 1910, and fronting the charming Roath Park Flower Gardens with the scenic Lake within a short walking distance. The capacious living space provides 2444 square feet, with three bathrooms."
Brook Cottage just off Cefn mably road in Lisvane has been beautifully improved by the current owners and sits in approximately 1/3 of an acre.
'Hidden in Plain Sight' is this distinctive detached residence built circa 1916 and retaining many features of the period. Prominently positioned in an elevated position close to Llandaff Fields with a leafy green canopy of mature trees that provide privacy from passers-by. Accessed only from th...
"*IMMACULATELY PRESENTED AND RARELY AVAILABLE, FIVE BEDROOM, SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE* MGY are delighted to bring to market this traditional, semi-detached house located at the head of a cul-de-sac near Llandaff Village and within walking distance to all amenities. The accommodation briefly comprises e..."
"An immaculately presented and well proportioned detached property, situated in the popular area of the Heath. This fantastic family bungalow has been extended and refurbished throughout, making it perfectly suited for modern living. Architecturally designed, this spacious home has been thought wi..."
"** DETACHED EXECUTIVE 'REDROW' FAMILY HOME IN RADYR ** WITH INTEGRAL DOUBLE GARAGE ** SOUTH WEST FACING REAR GARDEN ** A beautifully presented detached family home set in the sought after village of Radyr. Built to a very high specification, the spacious accommodation comprises; an open porch, la..."
"Combining style, space, practicality and with a definite sense of style too, the Ledsham is a home very much designed with the needs of contemporary family life in mind. The expansive kitchen/dining room perhaps characterises best the Ledsham's pragmatism and flexibility, with its ..."
"** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FIVE DOUBLE BED DETACHED HOME ** DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE ** An exceptionally well presented five double bedroom detached family home being the prestigious 'Highgate 5' Redrow built family home, located in a desirable location being a short distance from local amenities. En..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a luxury apartment, finished to the highest of standards in the heart of Cyncoed Village. No Chain."
Maes Yr Haf is a small no-through road just off Ardwyn in Pantmawr situated close to Whitchurch Golf Club. Pantmawr is to the northwest of Cardiff and conveniently located between the popular Whitchurch and Rhiwbina villages and has excellent A470 and M4 access. The property has been completely t...
"Beautifully balanced design means that despite its substantial, five bedroom size, Those who desire a home built for 21st century living yet still have an appreciation for traditional aesthetics are sure to fall in love with The Hampstead. As part of our esteemed Heritage Collection, the frontage..."
A beautifully presented and extended four bedroom semi-detached mock Tudor house situated in this popular cul-de-sac off Nant Fawr Road. Within walking distance of Rhydypenau Primary School.
FOR SALE BY PUBLIC AUCTION: The auction will take place online on 4th April 2023 at 04:42 PM with registration through our website.
Located just a stones throw from Cardiff University this 5 bedroom house is HMO licensed for 4 rooms. Currently let for £1400 PCM (No Bills Included) until June 2022
"*Traditional fantastic four bedroom semi detached family home in Rhiwbina* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this wonderfully presented four bedroom property in the desirable area of Rhiwbina. This property consists of two large reception rooms with traditional features throughout,..."
"Calling all investors! What an opportunity in this block of six flats located in popular Fairwater they are all currently tenanted with a management company looking after all the units. Each apartment has its own front door, there is parking and a communal garden."
A period bay-fronted semi-detached family home located on one of Whitchurch's most sought after residential locations in the heart of the village. 
"An ideal investment property set in an excellent location of Roath within easy access to Cardiff City Centre and the A48/M4 access corridor. This property would suite an investor as it is split into six flats. There are currently 3x one bedroom flats, 2x two bedroom flats and 1x three bedroom flat."
"Matthews Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this stunning, fully refurbished modern four double bedroom detached family home with south facing rear garden, located in the much sought village of Lisvane, Cardiff. Unique in its design, it has many eye catching luxury features inclu..."
The ideal family home. Located on a quiet no through road in Cyncoed this four bedroom detached house boasts plenty of space for all the family inside and out. The peaceful and private garden as well as double garage are all fantastic benefits to this much loved home
"This amazing property is something special and one you'll be proud to call your home from the moment you step foot into the impressive hallway, which opens up this 4 DOUBLE bedroom home. You'll benefit from a number of multi-purpose rooms such as a study and a stunning impressive open-plan kitchen."
FOUR DOUBLE-BEDROOM DETACHED home with a huge OPEN PLAN LIVING AREA stretching width of property as well as a SEPARATE LOUNGE. The first floor includes TWO EN-SUITE BEDROOMS.
The Beeches is one of three family homes created from this beautifully restored 19th century property on The Orchards development in 2017. This charming 4/5 bedroom home combines the very best aspects of a traditional looking facade and modern living to create the perfect home. The accommodation ...
"Beech View is striking in design and is an undeniably impressive five bedroom, semi-detached family home. Set over three floors it is a generously proportioned home of real quality and character. Beech View is one of three family homes beautifully restored from the original property on The Orch..."
"***PONTCANNA LIVING***BEAUTIFULLY REFURBISHED*** This outstanding mid-terraced, three bedroom house is the ever popular neighbourhood of Pontcanna. It has been completely refurbished and made ready for a new owner to move straight in to. The property is close to a number of cafes, restau..."
FOR SALE BY PUBLIC AUCTION: The auction will take place online on 4th April 2023 at 04:03 PM with registration through our website.
"An Imposing Period Style Semi-Detached Residence, Full Of Timeless Character And Charm With Generous Rear Gardens And A Prime Location Toward The End Of This Coveted Central Whitchurch Road."
"Sold With No Chain - Generous Four Bedroom Detached Family Home With Garage and Driveway Parking. This exceptional home offers three reception rooms, kitchen, cloakroom, four bedrooms, family bathroom and en suite to the master bedroom. Huge protentional for further development subject to planning."
"A most elegant and imposing five bedroom double fronted hall to hall end terrace residence of character, Edwardian in age and occupying a prime position fronting Morlais Street, a cul de sac just a few minutes walk to Roath Park Flower Gardens. Stunning gardens, larger than average."
"A modern and extended Four Double Bedroom family home positioned on a quiet Cul-de-sac in Lisvane. This property boasts 4 bedrooms, 3 reception rooms and open plan kitchen/family area. Set in a generous plot the property is close to local amenities and local rail links to Cardiff Centre. "
"A traditional period semi-detached home with a prestigious location, three bedrooms and original features. The property is situated in the heart of Whitchurch Village and is in a prime location for both Whitchurch Primary & Secondary schools, Restaurants, Shops, Cafes and public transpo..."
"A beautifully extended five bedroom detached Georgian style house in a quiet and private residential road, with a stunning open plan 25 FT x 19 FT Sigma 3 open plan kitchen, dining room and family room overlooking south facing rear gardens. Three bathrooms, home office 7 lounge."
"No Chain - A unique investment opportunity, purpose built block of four occupied flats consisting of two, two bedrooms and two one bedrooms over two floors with an income of £2990."
"FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME with INTEGRAL DOUBLE GARAGE, extensive FAMILY/KITCHEN/DINING ROOM and SEPARATE LOUNGE. Includes EN-SUITE TO MASTER BEDROOM, DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKS and SEPARATE UTILITY."
"No Chain. A unique opportunity to acquire this individually designed four bedroom detached family home, dominating a sizable plot with plenty of off street parking and a double garage. Perfectly placed, set back in the picturesque countryside of St Fagans, the accommodation is very spac..."
"Located on the highly sought-after Heol-y-Coed in Rhiwbina is this wonderful three-bedroom detached property. Blessed with an abundance of living space, original features and character typical of a well-loved family home, this property really does have it all. Heol-y-Coed overlo..."
"MGY are pleased to offer this superb residential development opportunity comprising four building plots situated on the outskirts of Cardiff on Mill Road, Tongwynlais, The proposed development is offered with FULL PLANNING PERMISSION (subject to signing the S106) (planning no. 21/01258/MNR) for f..."
"A beautifully presented, extended, four bedroom semi-detached house on the sought after Cyncoed Road."
"This stunning two bedroom, end of terrace property benefits from an en suite and is located in the popular area of Willowbrook Gardens. It is ideal for first time buyers or those looking to downsize! Call Darlows on !"
"A modern detached property positioned towards the end of a cul-de-sac, located within easy walking distance of Roath Park Lake and being only a stone’s throw from Lakeside Primary School, as well as being in the school catchment for Cardiff High School. The nearest train station (Heath Halt..."
"GUIDE PRICE £650,000 - £675,000. FIVE BEDROOMS, THREE RECEPTION ROOMS. TWO BATHROOMS, STYLISH KITCHEN. GAS HEATING, PVC DOUBLE GLAZING. GOOD SIZED REAR GARDENS. CHARMING PERIOD FEATURES. POPULAR LOCATION WITHIN CARDIFF HIGH CATCHMENT. An imposing double fronted Edwardian fi..."
"REDUCED PRICE FOR LIMITED PERIOD ONLY!!! Mathews Estate Agents are delighted to offer this impressive executive modern four bedroom detached property set back from the road in a select cul-de-sac location in the very popular area of St.Fagans, Cardiff. The property has beautiful, landscaped..."
"Exclusive new-build development of 2 detached dwellings in a sought after residential location and within close proximity to local amenities, public transport links, the Taff Trail and access roads for the A470 & M4 Motorway. Completion due for December 2022. "
"We are pleased to offer this impressive 4 bedroom period property for sale. Packed full of original features and charm such as a host of stunning tiled floors, fireplaces, and sash windows. The accommodation briefly comprises of - Bright and grand hall way, through lounge sitting room, good size ..."
"A large and impressive four double bedroom family home, tucked away at the top of a small select and quiet close, with very private gardens, ample private parking, and well designed living space including four reception rooms and two bathrooms. Executive style with a stunning location."
"Large, Four Bedroom, Semi-detached House situated in a very pleasant, well-regarded location. Would benefit from some modernisation and up-grading. Many original features remain. No Chain. "
"*Edwards & Co are delighted to offer this fantastic five bedroom semi detached family home in Rhiwbina* This property boasts generous living accommodation with traditional features throughout in the highly sought after area in Rhiwbina. It has five excellent size bedrooms, two well presented ..."
"Beautifully presented and spacious Victorian style bay fronted ‘eye catching’ detached residence, retaining charm and character, situated in a highly sought after location, a short distance from Llanishen ‘Park & Ride’ railway station, Llanishen village shopping centre..."
"New, stylish and rare exciting development of 9 stunning luxury apartments in a secure gated development with under croft parking, a few minutes walk to Roath Park Lake, all local amenities, University Hospital of Wales, with excellent highway links to M4, A48 and A470 being within Cardiff High &..."
"A stylish and completely modernised family home, proudly positioned on Kings Road, this excellent home is nestled in between Pontcanna and Canton which offer an abundance of coffee houses, eateries and boutique independent shops all within a short stroll. Behind the handsome Victorian b..."
"A modern and largely extended detached property sat on a very large plot of 0.26 of an acre, set in a cul-de-sac and within the sleepy north Cardiff suburb of Lisvane and in the school catchment for Lisvane Primary School just a short walk to Cefn Onn Park. Entrance hall, cloakroom/WC, 27ft loung..."
FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME!!
"A rare opportunity to purchase a larger than average, double bayed, centrally heated, double glazed end of terrace house in this much sought after position overlooking Waterloo Gardens. No Chain."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this charming 4 bedroom detached family home ideally located on Thornhill Road. The current owners have transformed the property by creating a mezzanine floor extension that is currently used as a utility room, storage area, office and garage. This wonderful space h..."
"A modern, extended large style detached property positioned at the end of a cul-de-sac off a private driveway just off Lisvane Road and just a short walk to Lisvane village and Llanishen train station as well as bus routes to the city centre and in the school catchment for Lisvane Primary School...."
"A prominent, double-bay fronted family residence, dominating an incredible corner position, leading onto Trafalgar Road. Lovingly maintained to an immaculate standard throughout, the property has been nurtured and adored by the same family for generations and is now ready for the adventu..."
"Rarely available, we are delighted to offer for sale this stunning four bedroom detached property, ideally located in a quiet cul-de-sac in the highly sought after area of Lisvane. The property is a short walk from the local train station with regular services into the city centre, and local amen..."
"This detached four bedroom dormer bungalow is located in the highly sought after area of Cyncoed. Within minutes walk of amenities, Roath park and Nant Fawr woods nearby as well as public transport links, and heath high level train station. The property is conveniently sited for Rhydypenau Primar..."
"A wonderful semi detached family home located in the sought after 'Saints' area of Heath, close to local amenities and transport links as well as the University Hospital of Wales only a short walk away. Links to the A48 and M4 are easily accessible, perfect for commuting and with Heath Park nearb..."
"*Detached three bed bungalow in Whitchurch* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this generous bungalow with extensive plot. The property boasts spacious accommodation, detached garage and picturesque gardens. OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN. MUST BE VIEWED"
"Built by E. Turner and sons in the 1920's, a distinctive 4 bedroomed home in this cul-de-sac off Penylan Road. No Chain."
*Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this fantastic four bedroom semi-detached house in Rhiwbina* *Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this fantastic four bedroom semi-detached house in Rhiwbina* This wonderful family home in a highly sought after location offers genero...
'THE SNOWDROP' - Plot 113 is a semi-detached home with accommodation set over three floors with open plan kitchen/dining area and a separate living room. On the first floor there are three bedrooms (one with an en-suite shower) and bathroom and master en-suite bedroom on the second floor.
"**FANTASTIC WATER VIEWS* DUPLEX PENTHOUSE APARTMENT* NO CHAIN** A superb three bedroom, seventh floor duplex apartment in the popular waterfront Bayscape development, within Cardiff Marina. The spacious accommodation over two floors, comprises of entrance hall, open plan lounge/kitchen/diner and ..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this modern detached family home situated in a quiet cul-de-sac development known as Nant-y-Fedw. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, cloakroom/WC, living room, open plan kitchen/diner, utility room, four bedrooms, two en-suites an..."
"An exceptional property that has been updated to an immaculate standard throughout and is perfectly suited for modern living. This generously proportioned bungalow is located in the popular area of Lisvane and occupying a prime cul-du-sac position with a generous, private plot. This wonderful pro..."
"*Detached three bed bungalow in Rhiwbina* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this extended and very well presented three bed family home. The property offers large living spaces, extensive gardens and off road driveway parking. MUST BE VIEWED"
"A spacious five bedroom house providing 2050 square feet, extensive private parking, three spaciouis living rooms, two bathrooms, available with no onward chain. See Inside."
"**ATTENTION INVESTORS** A beautifully appointed investment opportunity consisting of three flats, 2 one bedroom ground floor flats and a 2 bedroom first floor flat. Newly renovated and finished to a high specification throughout this would make an ideal investment. Situated on this sou..."
"*Detached four bedroom family home in Rhiwbina* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this incredibly spacious and beautifully presented four bedroom property with generous accommodation, picturesque gardens and off road driveway parking. MUST BE VIEWED"
"**Beautifully decorated, modern and move in ready** This extended family home offers ample space for a growing family with three reception rooms, four spacious bedroom, two bathrooms, utilty room and an integral garage. Offering open plan living accomedation throughout with beautiful bi-folding d..."
"Set on a generously sized plot on the highly sought-after Heol-y-Bryn, Rhiwbina is this charming five-bedroom semi-detached property. This well-loved family home boats a wide range of versatile living areas, five well-sized bedrooms, kitchen/dining rooms and a great amount of outdoor space."
"A three bedroom detached bungalow offering versatile living with potential to adapt and extend to the side and rear or create another floor (Planning has been approved). Set back on a wide plot with ample parking, open aspect and with a large private rear garden."
"A super size extended five bedroom double fronted detached family home fronting a select close, and benefiting a deep private drive, a very private enclosed south facing rear garden, and a detached double garage. Stunning modern 2017 21'6 FT open plan kitchen & breakfast room."
JeffreyRoss are pleased to bring to the market this substantially sized 4 bedroom detached family home in the desirable area of Thornhill. Set on a extensive plot on a desirable Thornhill address this is a great sized family home with spacious living accommodation throughout. In brief the propert...
Residential development opportunity in a prominent location in the heart of Llanishen occupying a quarter of an acre plot with planning permission granted for 2 detached dwellings. 
"** LARGE PLOT AT THE HEAD OF QUIET CLOSE ** FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** A beautifully presented five bedroom detached family house located on a large plot at the head of a quiet close, being in the sought after village of Pentyrch. Entrance hallway, large lounge, sitting room, modern fitted kitchen a..."
"**DETACHED FAMILY HOME** A generous size property in need of modernisation but offering bright and spacious rooms comprising entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, separate dining room, kitchen/diner, utility room, master bedroom with en-suite, three further bedrooms, family bathroom and a good size f..."
"A large, detached modern property positioned on a corner within a select cul-de-sac off Lisvane Road, just a short walk to Llanishen train station, bus links to the city centre as well as Llanishen village shops. Entrance hallway, cloakroom/WC, large lounge, dining room, 23ft kitchen/breakfast ro..."
"JeffreyRoss are proud to bring to market this impressive 3 double bedroom terrace property in the heart of Penylan. The is immaculately presented and still boasts many original features. The property briefly comprises impressive entrance hallway, bay front living room, open plan. Kitchen, dining..."
"Rarely available we have an outstanding example of an incredible apartment, in the heart of Cyncoed, perfectly suited for modern living. This stunning property is located in a secure and private gated development Denstone Court. There are so many features to make this an essential property to vie..."
"This superb four bedroom detached property is located in the sought after area of Thornhill, close to amenities and within walking distance of both primary and high schools this would make a fantastic family home. The stylish and spacious accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall, cloakroo..."
This stunning three storey Victorian home is located within a short stroll of the City Centre and the heart of Pontcanna. The house has a variety of original period features which are blended with a modern contemporary look to the kitchen and shower room. This substantial home comprise...
"** RECENTLY REFURBISHED ** SPACIOUS DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH LARGE DETACHED GARDEN ROOM ** A delightful, recently refurbished three bedroom detached bungalow in the sought after area of Radyr, being a short distance from Radyr Golf Club, other local amenities and transport links. The property comp..."
Beautifully finished three bedroom new build house with bespoke finishing located in the highly desirable Pontcanna area.
Beautifully finished three bedroom new build house with bespoke finishing located in the highly desirable Pontcanna area.This stunning terrace property is located less than a mile from the city centre and comes with a share of the freehold and parking space.
An amazing opportunity to purchase a 3 bedroom semi-detached property on the desired Elgar Crescent. Please call us on to arrange a viewing
"SOPHIA MEWS is a stunning collection of 1 and 2 bedroom apartments and four 3 bedroom houses situated off Cathedral Road, Cardiff. This development built by CPD with impressive interior design by Liz Rose Interiors must be viewed to be fully appreciated in terms of both their quality of build, sp..."
"Perfect for a budding Pontcana owner-operator or an investment opportunity, This incredibly well-presented property comprises ground floor shop premises of approx. 47 sq m currently let on a 'pop-up' basis for an initial three-month period for £1250 pm, beautifully complemented by a stun..."
"MGY are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached property in the sought after area of Penylan. The property briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, dining room, cloakroom, kitchen, utility room, storage room, second reception room, four bedroom, two en-suites and family bathroom. An ..."
"A large and impressive detached four bedroom family house, tucked away in a select close with lovely outlooks across a tree lined park. Capacious living space including four reception rooms, four double sized bedrooms and three bathrooms! Detached double garage, must be seen!"
"*** Guide Price £580,000 - £590,000 *** An extended and uniquely designed family home, located in this quiet Street in Cyncoed. This property has an open plan contemporary feel throughout, with an open entrance way, a through lounge diner, leading to an open kitchen diner, with high spec fitted ..."
"No Chain. An executive four double bedroom detached family home perfectly positioned in this quiet cul de sac in St Fagans. Set over three stories with spacious and versatile living, this would make the perfect family home. Immaculately presented throughout, the accommodation briefly com..."
THREE BEDROOM DETACHED home with SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/FAMILY AREA and a LARGE SEPARATE LOUNGE. An EN-SUITE to EVERY BEDROOM and a walk-in wardrobe to the master.
"**BEAUTIFUL FIVE BEDROOM HOME** Martin & Co are extremely pleased to offer this elegant sizeable family home. Situated on the popular road of Albany Road, with great transport links and local amenities. Proudly boasting five reception rooms with some original features, a separate modern fitte..."
Are you looking for a family home in Old St Mellons? This fantastic 4 bedroom detached property has everything to offer. Call us on to schedule a viewing!
"A deceptively large, four double bedroom detached house set on a good size corner plot at the end of this quiet close of similar high quality homes. Highfields is a particularly sought after residential street with a well regarded Welsh Primary School at one end and only a short walk to Llan (cont.)"
This bay fronted home is located adjacent to Thompsons Park and would be ideal for someone who likes period features. With four bedrooms it would be perfect for a family or someone who may need to work from home. The accommodation is spacious and has a host of original features. There...
Must Be Viewed! At A Private Cul De Sac Off Western Avenue And Located Close To The Facilities Of Llandaff Village Together With A Selection Of Schools Can Be Found This Very Well Presented Improved And Extended Light And Airy Traditional Built Bay Fronted Semi Detached House Making An Ideal Fami...
An immaculate extended four double bedroom semi-detached family home located in Llandaff. The bi-folding doors connect the generous rear garden from the open plan kitchen/diner/living space with plenty of natural light from the large glass doors. This stylish yet homely property has bee...
"A substantial, well-maintained, and extended house well situated in a quiet tree-lined cul de sac. This excellent family home benefits from an enviable position, tucked away in Turberville Place, a hidden gem of Pontcanna, that enjoys a favorable location within easy walking distance for all of ..."
A beautifully presented four-bedroom semi-detached property. Can be lived in as a three-bedroom property with an annex or four-bedroom family home. Located in a highly sought-after area of the 'Saints' in Heath. Offering good access to local amenities and transport links as well as the University...
"A modern and extended detached property positioned in a cul-de-sac within the sleepy, leafy suburb of Lisvane, just a 5 minute walk to the local train station as well as Cefn Onn Park and in the school catchment for Lisvane Primary School. Entrance hallway, cloakroom, ground floor shower room, lo..."
"Perfectly positioned - in the hub of the incredibly sought after area Pontcanna, this four bedroom property is nestled between an abundance of coffee houses, eateries and boutique independent shops and Pontcanna fields, Bute park and the city centre of Cardiff are all within reach easily on foot...."
"Sitting on a slightly elevated position with a sweeping driveway is this spacious, modern and very well presented, three double bedroom detached house. Pennant Crescent is a quiet position and within the Catchment area for Cardiff High School. No Chain."
"Stunning 4 bedroom family home in the heart of Whitchurch. The property has been fully renovated to an extremely high standard, providing spacious modern living. Fantastic open plan kitchen diner leading to gardens. Off road parking with garage. Quiet road in highly desirable location."
Beautifully finished three bedroom new build house with bespoke finishing located in the highly desirable Pontcanna area.The stunning property is located less than a mile from the city centre and comes with a share of the freehold.
"This stunning, two bedroom semi detached property benefits from an en suite and is located in the popular area of Willowbrook Gardens. It is ideal for first time buyers or those looking to downsize! Call Darlows on !"
"A truly stunning capacious four bedroom greatly extended semi-detached family house with beautiful landscaped gardens and a superb luxury summer house/home office. Magnificent bespoke 27 Ft x 15 FT kitchen & dining room, 17 Ft lounge, two utility rooms, outstanding loft conversion with ensuite."
"**GUIDE PRICE - £565,000-£590,000** Occupying this substantial plot is this imposing four bedroom semi detached home. The accommodation comprises: a sizeable entrance hall, bay fronted living room, sitting room, kitchen, utility room and wc on the ground floor and to the first fl..."
"A large and impressive four double bedroom semi-detached Tucker built 1930's family home, fronting delightful Waterloo Road, a quiet and tree lined wide and private residential road. Impressive living space with an 18'0 x 18'0 master bedroom complete with stylish ensuite shower room."
"Set on a new development just 15 minutes' from CARDIFF CITY CENTRE, the Oak features a detached GARAGE, generous living room, OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with UTILITY and BREAKFAST BAR, a dedicated STUDY, and an EN-SUITE to bedroom 1."
"PLOT 583 THE SHAFTESBURY is our HOME OF THE WEEK and includes as STANDARD fitted wardrobes to the main bedroom, an upgraded kitchen and quartz worktop together with turf to the rear garden. This FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED home with its SPACIOUS INTERIOR including LARGE SEPARATE LOUNGE and OPEN PLAN..."
THREE BEDROOM HOME with and EN-SUITE TO EACH along with a WALK-IN DRESSING ROOM to the master. Ground floor boasts an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM along with SEPARATE UTILITY and CLOAKS ROOM as well as a SEPARATE LOUNGE and INTEGRAL GARAGE.
"A beautifully presented, much loved, four-bedroom double-bay fronted end of terraced home. The accommodation comprises an entrance hall with an original tiled floor, and four reception rooms: bay-fronted dining room with a log burner opening to the kitchen, bay-fronted living room with original o..."
"A bay fronted 4 bedroom Victorian terraced house located on this sought after road in the heart of Pontcanna, adjacent to both Llandaff fields and Bute Park as well as the independent shops, public houses and excellent street cafes and restaurants of the area. The accommodation briefly comprises ..."
"A beautiful, much loved three bedroom bay fronted semi detached home (originally a four bedroom house, fourth bedroom currently a dressing room). The accommodation comprises: entrance hall with original tiled floor, open plan living/dining room with parquet flooring, sitting room, shower room and..."
"Situated within walking distance of Cyncoed village a sizeable quality three double bedroom ground floor garden apartment set within a block of two with separate entrances and a good size rear garden, solely for the use of the ground floor, off road parking, a long lease and no ongoing chain."
"JeffreyRoss are pleased to bring to the market this spacious 5 bedroom detached family home in a sought after location in Llanishen. In brief the property comprises entrance hallway. kitchen dining, family room. living room, utility room and ground floor WC. To the first floor master bedroom with..."
Are you looking for something unique? A home that’ll be a cut above the rest? Marquess Court is a stunning development of nine self-contained luxury apartments occupying one of Cardiff's most desirable locations
"A rare opportunity to acquire a traditional, substantial detached family home with no onward chain, situated within a stone's throw of Thompsons Park. This is a wonderful location for families and couples who would like to be part of a friendly community & be within easy walking distance to a var..."
Three Apartments Left To Purchase! Are you looking for something unique? A home that’ll be a cut above the rest? Marquess Court is a stunning development of nine self-contained luxury apartments occupying one of Cardiff's most desirable locations.
"BACK ONTO THE MARKET is this Stylish and beautifully presented double fronted and extended semi-detached family residence. Set over approximately 1,517 SQFT makes this considerable larger than most in the area with options still to extend further. The property was built around 1990 on a prominen..."
"**Great Investment Opportunity** We are delighted to offer this great investment opportunity in the ever popular Roath, Cardiff. These two semi-detached houses on the same plot of land are currently tenanted achieving £1100pcm each with the current tenants. The mirror image of (cont.)"
"A beautifully presented, modern, four bedroom detached house in this elevated position overlooking woods adjoining Cardiff Golf Club. Within catchment area for Cardiff High School."
"A perfect investment opportunity situated within a highly desirable location, offering an immediate income of £34,500. Fully let giving a current annual return of 6.2%
Located within easy reach of the City Centre, university campuses and local amenities, including Roat..."
"A substantial detached five bedroom family house, tucked away in a small select close, away from passing traffic, and available with no chain. Well designed with three living rooms and two bathrooms. 1700 square feet. Surrounding secluded sizeable corner plot garden, See Inside."
"A super sized three bedroom fully extended traditional bay fronted family home, with a large open plan 27 FT kitchen and dining room as well as three further reception rooms and two stylish modem bathrooms. Lovely location in a quiet road with beautiful landscaped gardens. Must be seen!"
"* GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £600,000 * DETACHED FAMILY HOME * FOUR BEDROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * KITCHEN/DINER * TWO EN-SUITES * FAMILY BATHROOM * SUBSTANTIAL GARDEN * EXTENSIVE DRIVEWAY * GARAGE"
"An immaculate family home in a sought after location. This home is located on the St Lythans Estate in the Vale of Glamorgan, built 6 years ago to an extremely high standard, you are sure to be impressed."
Family Home Fit For All!
"This superior top floor two bedroom luxury apartment is located in the prestigious Park View apartments above the Park Plaza Hotel, convenient to all that Cardiff City centre has to offer. The apartment has two large South facing terrace's with far reaching views overlooking the city centre and ..."
"A large four bedroom detached house with modern decor throughout and a plot of land to the front in the quiet residential area of Hastings Crescent, close to St Johns college."
"We are delighted to present to market this well proportioned four bedroom detached family home, ideally situated on a quiet road in this desirable development in Lisvane, within close proximity to amenities and transport links, as well as the train station with fast service into Cardiff City cent..."
***INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** £4200PCM ***GROSS YIELD 9.16% *** Key Executive Sales are pleased to offer this great investment opportunity of a freehold property which is made up of four self-contained apartments. The property comprises of a one-bedroom apartment and a two-bedr...
"A spacious, freehold, extended, detached bungalow situated in this popular position within walking distance of the village. No Chain. Early possession available."
"** RARELY AVAILABLE DETACHED AND EXTENDED REDROW HOME ** MGY are delighted to offer this four bedroom detached Redrow home on the development of Awel Y Garth, Pentyrch with beautiful views over the Garth mountain and only a short walk to the village. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance h..."
"** open house 8th April 2023 ** NEW TO MARKET. A stunning period town house for sale Just off Roath Pleasure Gardens. Located on Boverton Street, this extended family home has a spacious accommodation with a grand entrance hall, lounge, sitting room, utility and stunning 30ft open-plan kitch..."
"A well-proportioned modern detached property in a select popular cul-de-sac location, just a stone’s throw from Lisvane/Thornhill train station as well as being a short drive to Sainsbury’s Thornhill supermarket and within the school catchment for Lisvane Primary School. Generous cent..."
"New, stylish and rare exciting development of 9 stunning luxury apartments in a secure gated development with under croft parking, a few minutes walk to Roath Park Lake, all local amenities, University Hospital of Wales, with excellent highway links to M4, A48 and A470 being within Cardiff High S..."
A beautifully presented four bedroom detached bungalow situated on Yorath Road in Whitchurch. The current owners have enjoyed this wonderful home for nearly 30 years and have taken great pride in maintaining the property to a very high standard. The property benefits from a sizeable rear extensio...
"Situated in the heart of Rhiwbina village this freehold 3 double bedroom, 3 reception room detached house with southerly/westerly facing gardens was constructed approximately 25 years ago in the style of, and using materials, to conform to the conservation area status of Rhiwbina Garden Village. "
"A perfect investment opportunity situated within a highly desirable location, offering an immediate income of £36,120 pa. (With a review bringing the income in excess of £40,000) Located within easy reach of the City Centre, university campuses and local amenities, including Roath Park, ..."
"Set on a new development just 15 minutes' from CARDIFF CITY CENTRE, the Ash is a beautiful family home featuring a detached GARAGE, DUAL-ASPECT living room, OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with UTILITY, a dedicated STUDY."
"**LUXURY AND RARE FIVE BEDROOM HOME** Martin & Co are delighted to offer this modern and generous detached home. Situated in the new village of St Edeyrns, this property was newly built in June 2022 and must be viewed to be appreciated. Boasting fantastic scenic views and located in a quiet c..."
"Northwood are proud to introduce this handsome four-bedroom, detached family home on the quaint and leafy Fairbrook Close in Rhiwbina. The setting is truly elegant with the property located at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac with a beautiful stream running past at the rear. The walk to Rhiwbina ..."
"A large six bedroom detached family home providing versatile living space, ideal for a growing family, and suitable for two generation living. With exceptional living space including four reception rooms and two bathrooms, this is very much a forever home. Must be seen!"
"A beautifully presented 4 bedroom detached family home ideally situated in the popular cul de sac, Cambourne Avenue. The current owners have transformed the property to create a superb family home that offer spacious accommodation throughout and benefits from a renewed kitchen, bathroom, Worceste..."
"Impressive penthouse apartment in Cardiff City Centre with two brilliant terraces & panoramic city views. This stunning property offers superb modern living with a generous open plan living room/kitchen, two excellent size bedrooms each with an ensuite, a guest room, cloakroom & underground parking."
"* GUIDE PRICE £530,000 - £540,000 * A beautifully presented & spacious period property for sale, located In Roath Park. This impressive home has fantastic accommodation over three floors, with a bright entrance hall, lounge diner, open plan kitchen diner breakfast room, utility room and WC to..."
** SPACIOUS DETACHED BUNGALOW ** IMMACULATELY PRESENTED ** SOUTH-WESTERLY FACING GARDEN ** Fully furnished to a high standard with quality fixtures and fittings. Situated in the popular residential area of Radyr close to all local amenities and good road links to the A470 and M4 motorway. This st...
"** GUIDE PRICE £525,000 - £550,000 ** We are pleased to offer for sale this charming period home, located just off Ninian rd in Roath Park. This spacious 4 bedroom, 3 rec room home, has a host of original features, and still offers so much potential to expose more. The accommodation woul..."
"A beautifully presented, imposing three bedroom semi detached home. The accommodation comprises: entrance porch, entrance hall, spacious living room, contemporary kitchen/dining room with a range of integrated appliances and utility room/wc housing the boiler on the ground floor and to the first ..."
"*** Guide Price: £180,000 to £190,000 *** NO CHAIN!!! - IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS or INVESTORS - A MODERN 2-BED PROPERTY - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - SOUTH-WEST FACING REAR GARDEN - PRIVATE DRIVEWAY - FREEHOLD - MR HOMES are very pleased to Offer FOR SALE this 2-Bedroom Property, comp..."
"*Immaculately presented and incredibly spacious four bed detached family home in Pentyrch* Edwards and Co are delighted to offer for sale this enviably located, detached home. Boasting large plot, garage and off road driveway parking. MUST BE VIEWED"
"Located in a quiet cul-de-sac adjacent to the lovely Thompson's Park, this rare link-detached house built in the early 1980's comprises accommodation of Hallway, cloakroom/W.C, large living room, dining room, sun room with space for family living area, fitted kitchen. To the first floor are 4 bed..."
"Stunning family home set in the heart of Thornhill. This property boasts four bedrooms, two reception rooms, open plan kitchen diner and a large conservatory. The property also has an integrated garage and summer lodge in the rear garden. Planning Permission is also granted for a large extension. "
**A BEAUTIFUL & IMPRESSIVE PERIOD PROPERTY**HIGHLY DESIRABLE LOCATION**FOUR LARGE BEDROOMS**GARDEN OFFICE**CHARACTER PROPERTY**OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINER**LARGE ROOMS WITH HIGH CEILINGS**MUST SEE PROPERTY****OPEN HOUSE ON SATURDAY 1ST APRIL 2023 FROM 10AM**BY APPOINTMENT ONLY**A four-bedroom Edw...
"A spacious modern double fronted four bedroom extended house, with large and lovely private corner gardens fronting a quiet tree lined road, away from busy passing traffic. Lovely location with good access to Llanishen Village and Schools. 25 FT lounge & dining room plus a PVC conservatory."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this substantial 3 bedroom semi-detached family home located on St Margarets Place in Whitchurch. Offered for sale for the first time in over 42 years, this larger than average property has superb potential to create a modern and spacious family home. The property b..."
"Superb City living apartment with panoramic views over the Bristol channel & the Welsh hills from an outstanding roof terrace with a separate office, ideal for working from home. This attractive apartment also offers open plan living room, two double bedrooms & two bathrooms. CALL NOW TO VIEW!"
"A beautiful four double bedroom semi detached family home. The spacious accommodation comprises: entrance porch opening to entrance hall, wc, two sitting rooms, living room, dining room and modern fitted kitchen with integrated appliances on the ground floor and there are four double bedrooms wit..."
"*Extended five bed semi detached family home in Rhiwbina* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this incredibly spacious and very well presented five bed property with generous living accommodation, a modern open plan fully fitted kitchen/family room, well presented gardens and off roa..."
"Guide Price £525,000 - £550,000. Superb detached dormer bungalow which has been completely refurbished and extended by the present owners, and situated in a much sought after location. The substantial accommodation comprises entrance hall, sitting room, impressive lounge/ kitchen/ diner..."
"A beautifully improved spacious four bedroom detached family home with four reception rooms, a stylish new kitchen and breakfast room, two stunning new bathrooms and a good family sized level rear garden."
"The Sales Station are pleased to bring to the market this much loved semi-detached family home, which has been extended to the side to provide spacious accommodation over two floors. The property is located in a sought-after area and is conveniently situated within the catchment area for Lakeside..."
"An excellent investment opportunity to acquire a recently converted block of apartments located close to Cardiff City Centre, attracting both young professionals and students. Currently let with an income in excess of £35,000 giving a healthy return of 6.5%!"
"A beautifully presented four bedroom end of terraced house The accommodation comprises: entrance hall with original tiled floor, bay fronted living room opening to sitting room with exposed floorboard and extended modern kitchen/dining room with bifold doors to the rear garden on the ground floor..."
"** DETACHED MODERN FAMILY HOME IN PENTYRCH ** VILLAGE LOCATION ** WITH SUPERB VIEWS ** MGY are delighted to offer this immaculately presented four bedroom detached Redrow home on the development of Awel y Garth, Pentyrch with beautiful views over the Garth mountain. The accommodation briefly comp..."
The Midford is a popular 4 bedroom home that is suited to growing families or professional couples.
A five bedroom detached family home occupying a quiet position on the popular Bassetts Field development in Thornhill. This modern and well-appointed home was first built in 2003 by Barratt Homes and has been very well maintained by the current owner. This spacious property briefly comprises of a...
"* NEWLY FITTED SOLAR PANELS & BATTERY * FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED ** LARGE PLOT ** DETACHED GARAGE * A well presented four double bedroom detached family home situated on a large plot in the popular area of Danescourt being a short distance from many local amenities such as shops, doctors,..."
"A stunning three bedroom larger style house of character, occupying a tranquil position at the far end of quiet and select tree lined Westville Road. Beautiful fittings with generous living space. Contemporary Log burner in a super sized lounge, fully tanked basement cellar, so many features."
FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED home with OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING FAMILY area and a SEPARATE LOUNGE and an EN-SUITE MASTER BEDROOM.
"An imposing period style semi-detached residence in a prime central Whitchurch street, exuding character and charm with a simply stunning kitchen/diner extension to rear!"
"A unique opportunity to purchase a four bedroom end of terrace property located in the heart of Pen-Y-Lan. Full of character and original features including fire places, tiling and high ceilings throughout"
"**IMMACULATE CITY CENTRE PENTHOUSE APARTMENT* NO CHAIN** MGY are pleased to present for sale an impressive city centre penthouse apartment, in the highly sought after development, Park View. Located in the heart of the city centre. The modern property offers spacious living accommodation with two..."
"*Modern and spacious four bed detached bungalow in Rhiwbina* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this spacious and beautifully presented property in the sought after area of Rhiwbina. This property boasts generous living accommodation, four good size bedrooms, a modern open plan kitc..."
**GREAT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** MGY are delighted to bring to market this corner property situated close to Thompson Park and local facilities. This property is currently converted into 5 self contained apartments which are a combination of studio's and one bedrooms. The majority of the apartmen...
PRIME LOCATION IN PENYLAN. Ideal family home with generous rooms. Prime location in Penylan. Walking distance to amenities including Waterloo Gardens. Period features throughout with the benefits of modern comforts. Three Reception Rooms. Marlborough Primary and Cardiff High Catchment. ...
"An opportunity to acquire a detached two storey house currently designed as two self contained two bedroom flats, with large and level surrounding gardens, a private entrance drive and a detached double garage. With alterations this property could be converted into a family home."
We are pleased to offer for sale this superb detached family home. It has many adaptable rooms over 2 floors including an optional 5 bedrooms. There are views across to Castell Coch and a lovely landscaped garden to the rear. The property is situated in a popular but quiet location within easy st...
"**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** Substantial investment HMO. This large and spacious, eight let house (eight double rooms), offers excellent potential for investor. Currently eight rooms rented out and the property is well maintained. The accommodation comprises; entrance hall, b..."
" ** RENOVATION OPPORTUNITY - POTENTIAL TO CONVERT TO A DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** CURRENTLY TWO MAISONETTES ** DRIVEWAY & DOUBLE GARAGE ** Located in the desirable village of Pentyrch, an opportunity to acquire a detached dwelling which is currently two spacious maisonettes being both ground and..."
"Tucked away in the corner of this quirt cul de sac in Danescourt this this imposing four bedroom detached house placed on a fantastic size plot with a double garage. Tastefully presented throughout and finished to a high standard, this really would make the perfect family home. The light..."
"The Perfect Family Home, A Double Bay Fronted Period Style House With A Wealth Of Accommodation Over Three Floors! We are delighted to offer for sale this attractive terraced house, in a highly sought after location next to Cardiff City Centre."
"In the heart of Cardiff but surrounded by the Victorian gardens of Roath Park. Pen-y-lan is a sought-after area, being as little as a mile away from the city centre but also enjoying the tranquillity of having streams, parks and beautiful gardens on your door step. Located on Kimberley Road is th..."
"Impressively large Four Bedroom semi-detached home with gated lane access to the rear of the property. This property comprises of 2 large reception rooms, large kitchen, 4 bedrooms and lovely gardens with rear access. Wooden parquet flooring, gas central heating and UPVC double and triple glazing. "
"** A DETACHED EXTENDED FIVE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME ** An exceptional five bedroom detached residence situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in Maes Y Fioled, Morganstown which sits in a prominent position with elevated views over beautiful parkland. The accommodation briefly comprises hallway, lounge, dini..."
"A delightful detached family house in a desirable location being a short distance from local amenities and bus routes. Entrance hall, spacious bay fronted lounge, kitchen/ dining room, cloakroom. To the first floor there are four bedrooms, bedroom one with ensuite shower room and a separate famil..."
"** FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED COTTAGE WITH HUGE POTENTIAL ** SITS WITHIN 0.67 ACRES ** PRIVATE DRIVEWAY ** A fantastic opportunity to acquire this unique 4 bedroom detached cottage which sits within 0.67 acres of gardens and only 5 miles from Cardiff City Centre, surrounded by beautiful countryside in..."
"JeffreyRoss are pleased to bring to the market this well presented and spacious 4 double bedroom detached house in Old St Mellons. Set on an up and coming development this bellway family home offers spacious living accommodation throughout and in brief comprises of entrance hallway, kitchen with ..."
"JeffreyRoss are proud to bring to the market this exceptional Duplex, Penthouse apartment located in the popular Century Wharf development in Cardiff Bay. This stylish apartment briefly comprises Entrance hallway, Large double bedroom with access to the first balcony, modern fitted bathroom, open..."
"A modern style detached property in need of modernisation, positioned on a wider-than-average plot, perfect for extending (subject to Planning Consent and Building Regulations), located on a quiet road, just a short walk to Roath Park Lake and Lakeside shops as well as being in the school catchm..."
FABULOUS FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME!
"INVESTOR HEAVEN! This substantial and well presented three storey HMO property is within close proximity to Cardiff City Centre. An ideal purchase for any shrewd buyer looking to expand their portfolio in this sought after location, producing circa 7.6% gross yield when fully occupied."
Beautifully finished two bedroom new build apartment with bespoke finishing located in the highly desirable Pontcanna area.
"SOPHIA MEWS is a stunning collection of 1 to 3 bedroom apartments situated off Cathedral Road, Cardiff. This development built by CPD with impressive interior design by Liz Rose Interiors must be viewed to be fully appreciated in terms of both their quality of build, spacious interiors and the wa..."
"A well presented detached property, situated in the popular area of Cyncoed and perfectly suited for modern living. This spacious and well presented home offers three to four bedrooms and has a private plot in a cul-du-sac position. There are a number of features and benefits including an open pl..."
"**PONTCANNAS HIDDEN GEM WITH OFF ROAD PARKING!** MGY are delighted to bring to market this beautiful, recently renovated cottage style home within the heart of Pontcanna. The property offers contemporary living with a modern twist and has retained beautiful original features. From the two log bur..."
"** MODERN FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT ** CLOSE TO RADYR VILLAGE ** WITH LIFT ** A well presented modern apartment offering spacious accommodation to include entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, master bedroom with ensuite, second bedroom and bathroom. Fitted blinds throughout. Allocated parking and we..."
"Located in a quiet street adjacent to Pontcanna Fields, and close to the many attractions of the area, including artisan shops, excellent restaurants, coffee shops and public houses, farmers and street food markets. Cardiff City Centre is within walking distance via Sophia gardens and for cyclis..."
"Rarely available is this stunning example of a well proportioned family home, perfectly suited for modern living. This four bedroom detached property is located in a favourable, cul du sac position while benefitting from a generous corner plot. Full of potential and extended significantly, this p..."
"**BEAUTIFUL FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM HOME** Martin & Co are delighted to offer this semi-detached family home. Situated in Llanishen, this beautiful property offers a versatile way of living. A stones throw to Llanishen Village, with great local amenities. Offering a generous reception room, moder..."
"Glenbeigh is a spacious double fronted four bedroom family house set back with a wide drive drive, and occupying a delightful position fronting a select close just off Tyr Winch Road, Old St Mellons. Beautifully appointed 22 FT 2019 stylish fitted kitchen, stunning conservatory."
"** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED ON A LARGE PLOT ** LARGE DETACHED GARDEN ROOM/SUMMER HOUSE ** A charming three double bedroom semi detached cottage on a good sized plot, in a convenient location being a short distance from transport links and local amenities. Entrance porch, modern fitted k..."
"This generous sized three bedroom, mid terraced, bay fronted period property has undergone significant improvements by the current owners. It is situated on a pretty tree-lined road in this highly sought-after district to the east of Cardiff city centre. The property, which retains many orig..."
"Stunning Detached Two Bedroom Bungalow with a large open plan living and dining area. Set along a quiet road in Whitchurch this property benefits from Two Double bedrooms, bathroom, large open plan living, separate WC utility room and large garage. Gas central heating and double glazed windows."
"This well presented dormer bungalow is located in the sought after area of Rhiwbina, positioned within a quiet cul-de-sac and within easy reach of the amenities and schools of Rhiwbina and Whitchurch villages. Extended and greatly improved by the current owners this property offers versa..."
"Our last ground floor apartment in Ty Cornel at Cathedral Gardens. A spacious, three bedroom with an independent entrance. Contact us to discuss the personalised incentives available."
"**CALL FOR INCENTIVES** Cathedral Gardens offer a superb selection of 1, 2 and 3 bedroom apartments and three magnificent 4 bed townhouses. The 33 apartments are found across three distinctive buildings where the area's iconic Victorian Villas are both refurbished and reimagined into..."
"A traditional double bay fronted end of terrace property, located within a cul-de-sac just a stone’s throw from Roath Park, a short walk to Heath Halt train stations as well as being in the school catchment for Rhydypenau Primary and Cardiff High School. Entrance hallway, bay fronted lounge..."
"YOPA is proud to present this modern & stylish four-bedroom detached property in the sought-after country village of Pentyrch. Situated in an elevated position in a quiet cul-de-sac, please enquire early to avoid disappointment in this buoyant Cardiff market. All offers & interest are invited."
"A much-loved family home ready for its next exciting chapter. This prominent semi-detached residence is perfectly situated within a highly desirable pocket of Cyncoed, firmly set within the Cardiff High School catchment, subject to admissions. You'll enjoy spacious living, with a fantast..."
"A perfect investment opportunity situated within a highly desirable location, offering an immediate income of £35,700. Fully let giving a current annual return of almost 9%.  Locate..."
Fantastic opportunity to aquire a substantial residence on a very desirable road in Penylan. The property requires extensive refurbishment throughout as reflected in the asking price. Maintaing many original features this spacious property would make a wonderful family home with five bedrooms and...
"JeffreyRoss are pleased to bring to the market this sizeable and extended family home in the popular area of Heath, located on King George V Drive and opposite the university Hospital of Wales. The property offers plenty of potential as it is set in over 1,695 SQFT and has been rented to professi..."
"Extended and improved traditional bay-fronted semi-detached family home in a popular residential location within close proximity to all amenities, public transport links and local schools at primary and secondary levels. Internal viewing advised. "
"A handsome and imposing Victorian double bay and gable fronted semi-detached family home, set on a corner plot with potential for a separate coach house style dwelling to the rear (subject to obtaining the usual planning consent), within a convenient location just a short walk of the local amenit..."
"JeffreyRoss are pleased to bring to the market this exceptional four double bedroom, detached family residence with detached garage and driveway parking in the popular Mulberry Grove development by Charles Church in St Fagans. The property briefly comprises entrance hallway, Downstairs WC, good s..."
"** NEW ROOF ** MGY are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented and extended detached bungalow in the much sought after Whitchurch area within close proximity to the village and its variety of shops and restaurants. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge, stunning new kit..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - In the heart of Cathays, a commercial property comprising of six occupied rooms generating an income of £32,400 p/a. Offered with no onward chain. "
"Fabulous traditional family home on Crystal Avenue, the perfect spot for accessing all the facilities of Heath, Cyncoed and Roath Park, plus good transport links nearby."
"A very well presented, extended three bedroom semi-detached family home, situated in a sought after peaceful cul-de-sac position, offered to the market for the first time since its construction in 1926. This extended and lovingly maintained three bedroom semi-detached family home is offered th..."
"AN END OF TERRACED 'WILLOW' - WITH VERSATILE ACCOMMODATION ALONG WITH FANTASTIC TECHNOLOGY THAT WILL HELP YOU SAVE ON YOUR UTILITY BILLS INCLUDING SOLAR PANELS, BATTERY STORAGE, GROUND SOURCE HEAT PUMPS & ELECTRIC CAR CHARGER POINT. SUPERB VIEWS"
"Fantastic Investment opportunity! Traditional red brick freehold property converted into 4 flats of varying sizes including a 3-bedroom ground floor flat, 1 bedroom first floor and top floor flats and a studio flat on the ground floor Located in Cathays, Cardiff close to the many and varied local..."
"This traditional, grade II listed, three bedroom semi-detached property is located in Rhiwbina village, perfect for those who want convenient amenities and transport links on their doorstep. Accommodation comprises entrance hall, dining room, living room, kitchen and a utility room to the ground ..."
A beautifully presented detached four bedroom family home situated in this popular location within easy access to the A48/M4 access corridor and close to both Cardiff and Newport City Centre. This four bedroom home has been updated throughout by the current owners and deserves internal inspection.
"A larger style 4-bed detached property positioned in a sought-after area of Pontprennau in a quiet cul-de-sac with a 5-minute walk to bus links to the city centre, short drives to an array of supermarkets as well easy access to the M4 junction 30 Cardiff Gate and within the school catchment for P..."
"AWARD WINNING DEVELOPMENT - 2022 - WINNER OF BEST TRANSFORMATION IN CARDIFF... Visit our magnificent collection of luxury apartments and townhouses to experience for yourself how location, design, and material can combine for the ultimate lifestyle. St James offers an impressive and rema..."
"SPACIOUS PERIOD 4 BED DETACHED HSE WITH PRIVATE GARDENS, LARGE GARAGE & SECURE PARKING.  Many period features, grand ent hall, 3 receptions, kitchen, utility with WC. off, fam bath etc... IN NEED OF UPGRADING hence the realistic price. NO CHAIN INVOLVED."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this deceptively spacious 3 double bedroom detached bungalow in the popular location of St Margaret's Place in Whitchurch. The current owners resided at the property for over 25 years, the owners took great pride in maintaining the property and gardens. Recent impro..."
** STUNNING FIVE BEDROOM HOME WITH THREE RECEPTION ROOMS ** THREE BATHROOMS ** SOUTH FACING GARDEN ** A truly immaculate five bedroom detached family home with three reception rooms and South facing garden situated in the popular area of St. Fagans. This property is beautifully presented througho...
Here we have a brilliant investment opportunity on Pentyrch street in the Cathays area of Cardiff. This 7 bedroom property is situated a stones through from the New university building and currently rented for the academic year 2022 / 2023 at a monthly rental of £2695.00 equating to an ...
"***INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY***RARE TO MARKET***PRIME LOCATION*** This 7 bed HMO is currently rented for £2400pcm, situated right next door to the Cardiff University making this a very sought after location for students and prime piece of property to own! We recommend coming to vie..."
A stunning four-bedroom detached property situated within a highly desirable area of Morganstown.
"A FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME with INTEGRAL GARAGE. Ground floor boasts OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM with SEPARATE UTILITY, CLOAKSROOM and a SEPARATE LOUNGE."
"** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION ** A delightful larger than average three bedroom semi detached property on the popular tree lined Heathwood road close to University hospital of Wales and Heath park. The property briefly comprises of porch, entrance hallway, lounge, sitting room, dining room, kitchen, d..."
"An immaculate and beautifully presented three bedroom detached bungalow situated on Heol Gabriel in Whitchurch. The current owners have maintained the property to a very high standard with recent improvements that include a new roof, modern kitchen, bathrooms and renewed garage roof. This decept..."
Isla-Alexander Property Experts are delighted to bring to the market this extended and improved four double-bedroom family home with garage situated in the popular Cardiff suburb of Pontprennau.
"Pine Tree Close is an impressive detached house nestled at the end of a small cul de sac and set back away from the street with a generous front driveway. Radyr is situated to the northwest of Cardiff offering reputable schools, a main village high street, a golf course and a train station along ..."
"This deceptively spacious detached three bedroom dormer bungalow offers generous living space throughout, including 22ft living room, lounge/dining room and separate kitchen. Bathroom and shower room. Conveniently located on a much sought after road in Whitchurch. Positioned for easy access of b..."
"A four bedroom detached double fronted bungalow, set back with a large block paved private in and out entrance drive, two separate living rooms, a kitchen and breakfast room, two bathrooms and a large and level enclosed sunny rear garden. Available with no Chain!"
"Fresh to the market is this stunning executive detached home for sale in Old St.Mellons. Built by DAVID WILSON HOMES in 2019, this family home has a bright and spacious interior. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, front lounge, WC, fantastic open plan kitchen diner, with fitted appliance..."
This unique detached property is a stones throw from the City Centre and Pontcanna. This is an ideal investment for anyone wanting a property in the heart of Cardiff
"This property is a newly renovated period family home and is a must see! The house comprises briefly of four bedrooms, two reception rooms, bathroom and a large kitchen/diner and large garden with rear access for possible off-road parking. Located in Penylan with beautiful period homes,..."
"£460,000, Investment Property, Detached House Comprising Five Flats on Neville Street, Riverside, Cardiff, CF11 6LR"
"A superb example of a semi-detached family home, located within the Lakeside and Cardiff High Catchment areas, and just a short stroll to the delightful gardens of Roath Park and Lake. This property offers generous accommodation which can only by appreciated by an internal viewing!"
"YOPA is proud to present this Nearly new four-bedroom detached property in St Mellons. David Wilson built, with a semi-detached garage, drive and high spec open plan kitchen diner, please enquire early to avoid disappointment in this buoyant Cardiff market. All Offers & Interest are Invited."
"If you are looking for a home with a view then look at this stunning apartment on the exclusive Watermark development, with uninterrupted views of Cardiff Bay and the Bristol Channel. The views are breath taking and waterside apartments like this are rare to find. The iconic design of ..."
"Hern and Crabtree are please to present this fantastic modern four bedroom family home in Pontprennau. Well placed for Peppermint Park children's play area, schools and a short distance to local amenities this is a great location. There are great links to the A48 and M4 nearby too. The stylish ac..."
"A beautifully presented, detached three bedroom family home occupying this substantial plot with potential to extend, build in the garden and add another driveway to the front of the property (all subject to planning permission). Located in the sought after location of Penylan, the property compr..."
"Investment opportunity new to the market this four bedroom property offers so much potential currently being used as two separate flats. To the both floors there are two bedrooms lounge diner, kitchen and bathroom. This property is located in a popular location close to local amenities and transpor"
A magnificent fully improved and tastefully modernised spacious detached two bedroom 1930's bungalow with two new stunning bathrooms and beautifully manicured south facing landscaped gardens with a large new raised decked sun terrace overlooking tree lined parkland. Simply outstanding.
"A large four bedroom detached property offering a spacious living area, four good size bedrooms, ensuite of master bedroom, family bathroom, double garage and conservatory. The property is further benefiting from a short drive to local amenities and superb transports links to the A4232, M4 and A48."
"A sizeable well-maintained 3-bedroom semi-detached family home occupying a generous plot situated in the popular residential location of Heath which is a short walk from the University Hospital of Wales, Heath Park and local amenities."
"*Detached four bed family home in Pantmawr* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this spacious and well presented four bed property with generous accommodation, extensive gardens to front, side and rear, and off road driveway parking. MUST BE VIEWED. "
"£450,000, Investment Opportunity, Three Recently Refurbished Self-Contained Flats in Ninian Park Road, Riverside, Cardiff, CF11 6JE"
"Newly renovated from head to toe, this handsome property now stands the envy of its neighbours, eagerly awaiting a new family to call it home. Sympathetically modernised, the property retains many original features which have been lovingly restored, adding charm and character to this contempor..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this beautiful four bedroom family home in Llanishen. Conveniently located within walking distance to Llanishen village with its range of amenities, transport links as well as primary and high schools this is a brilliant spot. Accommodation comprises an entranc..."
"A select quality development of unique apartments built by David Herbert Builders situated in a quiet cul-de-sac close to Llanishen village sits this extremely spacious three bedroom first floor residence with its own private entrance door, garage and driveway. There is no ongoing chain."
"A bright and modern four bedroom detached house, with good sized level enclosed gardens, a double drive, a larger style garage and a PVC double glazed conservatory. With a 24 FT open plan kitchen and dining room, a 14 Ft lounge and two bathrooms, this impressive home must be seen!"
"A beautiful family home located in the ever sought after suburb of Heath. Boasting character and charm, the property presents original features including restored wood block flooring, feature fireplaces and leaded windows. The accommodation briefly comprises: entrance hall, WC/utility room, livin..."
"Tucked away in the corner of this quiet no through road in Llandaff North, just a few minutes walk from Hailey Park and the Taff trail is this modern former four bedroom detached home. This modern light and spacious family home is entered in to a good size hallway with stairs leading to ..."
"This spacious and substantial home is located on the sought after Wyndham Crescent, which is a popular road close to the heart of Pontcanna. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, living room, dining room, sitting room, kitchen and utility room/wc on the ground floor and there are..."
Are you looking for something unique? A home that’ll be a cut above the rest? Marquess Court is a stunning development of nine self-contained luxury apartments occupying one of Cardiff's most desirable locations.
"A chic and stylish apartment set in an idyllic outlook overlooking Roath Park Lake. This light bright and airy pad offers open-plan living in keeping with this period of fantastically cool architecture. Boasting vaulted ceilings, large bedrooms, an en-suite, and boasting a wonderful balcony with ..."
"A well presented, centrally heated, semi-detached house in this very popular position with a South West facing garden. No Chain."
"A four bedroom detached house built in the 1980's within a small select cul-de-sac of eight other similar properties that occupies a substantial south westerly facing mature plot providing extension potential, subject to the necessary planning permissions, garage and parking for 4/5 cars."
"A turnkey investment property, perfectly positioned a short walk to Cardiff City Centre makes this highly desirable to young professional tenants at any time of year. Recently renovated to become a 6 Bedroom HMO property providing a total income of £46,800 including utility bills, provid..."
"This beautifully presented traditional bay fronted terrace house is located in a popular quiet road between Victoria and Thompson's Parks. The immaculately presented accommodation comprises of porch, hallway with wood flooring which continues throughout the ground floor, light and airy lounge/din..."
THE PERFECT PROJECT!! ** OPEN HOUSE **
"An extensively modernised detached larger four bedroom double fronted home, occupying a delightful position with an open outlook, fronting a select private close. This stylish and totally improved modern house, was built in 1998, and located on this very popular and highly sought after modern dev..."
"This two bedroom terraced property is located in the sought after area of Thornhill and is offered to the market with no onward chain. The cul-de-sac is within close proximity to public transport, shops and schools and would make a great investment of first time buy. Accommodation briefly compris..."
"**LAUNCH DAY - THURSDAY 6TH APRIL - BY APPOINTMENT ONLY** A beautifully appointed three bedroom bay fronted home. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall with original tiled floor entered via a new front door, bay fronted living room with parquet floor, dining room offering access to the..."
"A fantastic period semi detached house in a highly sought after area of Heath. Well presented and ample accommodation comprises a porch, entrance hall with feature stained glass and wood parquet flooring, living room with bay window, period fireplace and feature exposed brick wall, spacious dinin..."
Large penthouse apartment in Cardiff Bay with river and countryside views.
A Blank Canvas!
"Rarely available! A unique three double bedroom linked detached house located on this quiet crescent within walking distance of Victoria Park. With light and spacious living and generous size rooms, this property has been well presented throughout. The accommodation briefly comprises: E..."
"PLOT 109 - 'THE OAK' AT ASPEN GROVE A 5 bed executive detached home over three floors with a light and airy open plan kitchen/dining and a separate living room, With 'future proof technology' this home is located on a great location on the development. With a garage and EV point!"
"A handsome red-brick double bay-fronted detached bungalow set on a generous plot with a west facing aspect situated in a popular residential location which is within walking distance to Whitchurch Village. Offered to the market with no chain, and vacant possession."
"*Incredibly spacious three double bedroom semi detached family home in Rhiwbina* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this beautiful property that boasts generous living accommodation, a modern open plan kitchen/ dining and living area, three good size bedrooms, with a large well main..."
"**NEW INSTRUCTION** Cardiff Estates and Lettings are pleased to present this spacious 1890's property, bursting with character. The property has been beautifully modernised throughout whilst remaining to boast its original features! The property benefits from being within walking distance to city..."
"This top-floor apartment is presented to a beautifully high standard throughout with two spacious double bedrooms, A fully-fitted walk-in wardrobe to the master bedroom. A shower room is also offered off the entrance hallway along with a separate WC. The living space is an excellent size with acc..."
"Tucked away in this small residential cul de sac, you'll find this tastefully presented and extended 1930's semi-detached house. It's wonderfully positioned for the best of Llandaff village amenities with cafés, restaurants, pubs along with rowing club and parks. This excellent home offers a perf..."
"*Semi detached three bed family home in Heath* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this incredibly spacious property with generous plot in a highly sought after location. The property boasts detached garage and outbuildings, off road driveway parking and enclosed rear garden. MUST BE..."
"JeffreyRoss are pleased to bring onto the market this four bedroom, detached family home in the sought after location of Pontprennau. This spacious home briefly comprises storm entrance porch, entrance hallway, living room, family room, dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, sun room, utility room ..."
"**Cardiff High School Catchment** A fantastic family home, offering a perfect opportunity to extend and improve, set within a highly desirable pocket of Penylan, nestled just a short walk to Roath Park and its picturesque lakeside walk... "
"Newly renovated, upgraded and extended - Four bedroom detached bungalow with off road parking and a detached garage. The home sits within a quiet residential area and offers two reception rooms, two bathrooms, modern kitchen/breakfast room, four spacious bedrooms and utility room/WC."
"**FANTASTIC CITY CENTRE DUPLEX APARTMENT* NO CHAIN** MGY are pleased to present for sale, a top floor duplex apartment with superb views over the City Centre. Accessed via lift or stairs the accommodation comprises; entrance hallway, spacious living/ dining room with access to large decked terrac..."
"Situated on one of Rhiwbina’s most desirable streets is this gorgeous three-bedroom semi-detached property, boasting a wide range of ‘box ticking’ features and possessing an overall welcoming ambiance. This handsome property is positioned towards the top of the leafy and quai..."
"Rarely available! No Chain! A delightful double bay fronted detached bungalow placed within a stone's throw to Victoria Park. This spacious bungalow briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, Lounge, Conservatory, Three Bedrooms, Kitchen/Breakfast Room and Bathroom. There is a generous driveway and single..."
"JeffreyRoss are pleased to bring to the market this outstanding extended 3 bedroom traditional bay fronted semi detached family home set on a desirable address in Heath. Over an impressive 1,172sq ft and presented to an good standard and offering spacious living accommodation throughout in brief ..."
"A modern, larger style detached family residence, positioned in a select and favoured location, prominent corner plot, fronting Peppermint Park children’s play area, being a short walk to Corpus Christi High School, a short drive to local supermarkets and amenities with excellent highway li..."
"A well proportioned modern detached family home, within a short walk to Aldi supermarket and local amenities, with good access to the A48 and M4 link. Entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room, sitting room/playroom, modern fitted kitchen, utility room, 4 bedrooms, principal with en-suite sho..."
"Exceptional presentation on this generously proportioned family home with a host of upgrades. Situated on one of the larger plots on the estate also being in the enviable position of looking out onto protected greenery. To the ground floor an open plan kitchen and living area, a great size sunny ..."
A five / Four bedroom HMO located in Heath is the ideal invest for an induvial looking to purchase a property with lots of potential in a ideal location
"MGY are delighted to offer for sale this detached property in the sought after area of Heath. Situated close to Heath park, University Hospital of Wales and within walking distance to a train station which is a 5 minute journey to the city centre. The property briefly comprises of hallway, lounge..."
"**FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN DESIRABLE LOCATION** Building began in 2015 on this desirable Bellway built estate located super conveniently for ease of access to Culverhouse Cross, Cardiff, the M4 Link Road and all other routes. The site boasts a central leisure area which is beautifull..."
"A traditional bay fronted extended semi-detached family residence, choice location on the fringes of Cardiff in the semi-rural suburb of Old St. Mellons, a short distance to local amenities, with excellent highway links to the A48/M4 motorway and a short walk to St. John’s College private s..."
"A superbly presented, four bedroom detached property ideally located on this quiet cul de sac in Morganstown. This beautiful home has had the benefit of a two storey rear extension that has created a spacious kitchen/diner and a superb family bathroom and master bedroom ensuite. Furthermore, the ..."
David's Homes & Commercial are delighted to offer this Freehold Semi-Commercial property situated on this well-regarded and much sought-after shopping parade at the heart of Pontcanna. Comprising a ground floor commercial unit with a separate one bedroom apartment above. Vacant possession...
"Ready to move into! Apartment 8 in Llys Sofia is an exceptional duplex, formed from the upper floors of the iconic Pontcanna Victorian homes."
"A large and impressive four bedroom end of terrace town house, tucked away in the corner of a select close with charming landscaped gardens and a private entrance drive with ample parking. Larger style living space with a 17 ft kitchen/diner, a 17 ft lounge and three bathrooms."
"Showhome standard! An immaculate and tastefully presented four bedroom home located on this on this popular development in St Lythans Park. With an open plan Kitchen/Diner taking centre stage, this property will certainly prove to be popular. Well proportioned throughout, with light and ..."
"A beautifully presented four bedroom bay fronted home. This much loved home comprises: entrance porch, entrance hall, bay fronted living room, dining room with French doors into the garden, third reception room currently utilised as a study/home office, wc and kitchen/dining room with integrated ..."
"Being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN. This four-bedroom detached family property is nicely tucked away at the end of a cul-de-sac off a cul-de-sac. Enjoying no through traffic and offers ample off-road parking. The property briefly comprises an entrance hall, WC, lounge, open plan lounge/kitchen/..."
"Tucked away on the quiet Borage Close in Pontprennau, Cardiff is this charming four-bedroom detached property with an abundance of living space, natural light and overall attraction. This has been a happy family home for many years, with many more to come. With large, open-plan living areas, c..."
Extended open plan four bedroom detached property located at the end of a private Cul De Sac in the desirable area of Pontprennau in Cardiff. This stunning family home is also being sold with the added bonus of NO CHAIN! Call for more information!
"A stunning pad in the heart of Pontcanna, set behind a handsome Victorian brick and bath stone façade. Proudly positioned on Kings Road, this excellent home is nestled in between Pontcanna and Canton which offer an abundance of coffee houses, eateries and boutique independent shops all within a s..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £430,000-£440,000**
We are delighted to present to market this beautiful detached four bedroom family home, ideally located in this quiet residential road in the desirable area of Thornhill, within close proximity to local amenities including a Sainsbury Super Store, Post Office, ..."
SOUTH FACING GARDEN - POTENTIAL TO EXTEND* - JeffreyRoss are proud to bring to the market this impressively sized 2 bedroom family home on the popular Llanfair Road in Pontcanna. This section of Llanfair road is renowned for benefiting from some of the largest gardens in the area that further ben...
*Picturesque detached two bed bungalow in Rhiwbina* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this beautiful property with generous plot and wrap around gardens. The property is offered for sale with no onward chain and huge potential to improve and extend (STPP). MUST BE VIEWED
"JeffreyRoss are pleased to present for sale this four bedroom, detached family home in the sought after location of Pontprennau. This spacious home briefly comprises entrance hall, living room, dining room sun room, kitchen/breakfast room to the ground floor. To the first floor ;- master bedroom ..."
"If you are looking for a larger home in the heart of Pontcanna then take a look in this four bedroom home on Kings Road with a loft room (not to building regulations) The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, living room, dining room and kitchen on the ground floor, there are four be..."
beautifully presented three bedroom detached family home
"**BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED MODERN DETACHED HOME ** An immaculately presented detached 'Ogmore' style Redrow built property, in a popular location being a short distance from transport links and local amenities. A beautifully presented detached three bedroom property, the property briefly comprises h..."
"JeffreyRoss are proud to bring to the market this impressive and extended family home in the sought after area of Whitchurch. Located on the popular Heol Gabriel is this 3 bedroom semi detached property that has been extended to create an open plan kitchen, family and dining room with separate li..."
"This immaculate four bedroom, detached family home is perfectly situated in a quiet cul-de-sac. Close to amenities, within catchment of both English and Welsh schools and easy transport links to Cardiff city centre and Caerphilly this is a great property. Accommodation briefly comprises of an ent..."
"A hugely attractive, well presented and extended four bedroom detached residence, situated in the small hamlet within Heol Collen, offering excellent local amenity close at hand within walking distance to Culverhouse Cross and it's wide variety of shops and restaurants. The accommodation, found i..."
"Fantastic family home set on a corner plot in Pontprennau. This home has been extended to provide a third reception room, features a high quality kitchen with utility room, and four bedrooms. Great road links to the M4 and A48 and local shops"
"A beautifully presented and much improved traditional terraced property located in this very sought after quiet cul-de-sac adjacent to Victoria Park. The accommodation comprises Entrance porch, hallway with beautiful original tiled floor, lounge with polished floorboards, and feature fireplace, d..."
"Hidden away in-between Ryder Street and Pitman Street, Pitman Lane is a unique trio of modern townhouses built in 2000. The property offers a flexible accommodation spaced over three floors. There are two garages, one large double detached and the other a single integral off the entrance hall. Th..."
"A superb opportunity to acquire this spacious three double bedroom first floor maisonette. The property briefly comprises hall, lounge opening onto balcony, dining room and kitchen. Three double bedrooms, en-suite to master along with family bathroom. Communal gardens, garage and allocated parkin..."
"This beautiful four-bedroom detached family residence is modern and presented very well throughout. The property is conveniently situated near Newport Road, with a wealth of amenities and excellent access to the A48 and M4 for those who commute. The property briefly comprises an entrance hal..."
"** FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOUSE ** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION ** A spacious, bay fronted modern detached family house in the sought after area of Morganstown. Entrance hall, bay fronted lounge with feature fireplace, dining room, spacious garden room, modern fitted kitchen, archway to the utilit..."
"**RARELY AVAILABLE IN THE HEART OF LLANDAFF** MGY are proud to bring to market this absolutely charming, deceptively spacious, period cottage tucked away in a quiet backwater off Heol y Pavin, right in the heart of the 'village' only a hundred yards or so from the Cathedral Green. The cottage has..."
"This beautiful semi-detached bungalow is located in the sought after are of Rhiwbina, near to amenities and also a short walking distance to Llanishen Fach primary school and in catchment for Whitchurch high, this would make a great family home or downsize. The stylish accommodation comprises an ..."
"A wonderful opportunity to purchase this spacious three bedroom family home situated on this popular and quiet tree-lined street. Ideally located on Axminster Road and within the highly sought after Cardiff High School catchment area. Whilst in need of some modernisation, the current owners have ..."
"DETACHED BUNGALOW. A well presented 3 bedroom detached bungalow, located in a cul-de-sac with only a handful of similar properties for company. This property boasts a spacious living room and dining area, as well as a sizable fitted kitchen and a superb orangery to the rear. All positioned on a ..."
"A modern, detached property in a favourable position off a small hidden cul-de-sac within Pontprennau, just a short walk to a local supermarkets, bus links to the city centre and vehicular links to the A48/M4, as well as and within the school catchment for Pontprennau Primary School. Entrance por..."
Immaculately presented throughout is this beautiful four bedroom detached home. One of only a handful of properties in this development benefiting from a double garage. This contemporary home has been stylishly decorated and upgraded by the current owners. The accommodation comprises: light and a...
"** DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** NO CHAIN ** A delightful detached three bedroom family home in a sough after and choice location. Entrance, hallway, shower room/cloakroom, large lounge, kitchen, utility room. To the first floor there are three good sized bedrooms and a family bathroom. Attractive rea..."
"This traditional attractive, bay fronted family home is situated on a popular road in Whitchurch village. Offering convenient access to all village amenities, primary & secondary schools and excellent commuting links to the city centre of Cardiff. The property is also within easy walking distance..."
"A rarely available four bedroom detached home in Camelia Court, with stunning and extensive wrap around gardens, well present throughout with spacious living accommodation including separate reception rooms and en-suite shower room and detached garage."
"A wonderful opportunity to acquire a beautiful, traditional bay-fronted home situated in a cul-de-sac in this fashionable and sought-after location, surrounded by the many popular parks, eateries, coffee shops, schools, and amenities, all within easy walking distance. This lovely three b..."
"Northwood are proud to introduce this impressive three bedroom semi-detached property situated in the desirable suburb of Llanishen. The property boasts spacious living areas, an abundance of storage spaces, a downstairs W/C and utility space and a mix of modern and traditional features. Local..."
"Freehold 4-bedroom 2-storey family home with rear ground floor extension, 1st floor side extension over car port, single car garage, front and rear gardens. The house is situated in a highly regarded residential road being within walking distance of Heol Llanishen Fach primary school and local shop."
"A substantial four bedroom semi-detached family home located on Ash Grove in Whitchurch. This delightful home has been very well maintained by the current owner and is offered for sale for the first time in over 50 years. The property sits on a good size plot with ample parking to the front, has ..."
"An immaculately presented, bay-fronted 4-bedroom semi-detached family home situated in the popular residential location of Heath and is within close proximity to local amenities, public transport links, M4 and The University Hospital of Wales."
"** NO CHAIN **MGY are delighted to offer this three bedroom semi detached property in the sought after area of Heath close to the University of Wales hospital and Heath park. The property briefly comprises of porch, hallway, lounge, cloakroom, sun room, utility room, kitchen, three bedrooms and s..."
"A modern, unique farmhouse style detached dormer house, positioned on a popular road within Pontprennau and within the catchment for the Pontprennau Primary School and a very short drive to Asda, Aldi and Waitrose supermarkets as well as the A48. Entrance hall, cloakroom/WC, lounge with French do..."
"**SEMI DETACHED TOWN HOUSE** Situated in the popular Lansdowne Gardens development this three storey town house offers versatile accommodation set over three floors. The accommodation to the ground floor comprises entrance hall, shower room, converted garage to additional bedroom/reception room a..."
Maison are delighted to market this stylish two double bedroom terraced house situated on the sought-after street of Severn Grove in the heart of Pontcanna. This attractive home has an open and airy living space with kitchen / dining room to the rear and French doors leading on to a garden with...
"*Three bedroom dormer bungalow in Rhiwbina* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this well presented property with a newly built dormer bedroom with ensuite and walk in wardrobe. This property has a beautiful open plan kitchen, living and dining area with rear garden views, good size ..."
"*** Guide Price: £220,000 to £230,000 *** NO CHAIN!!! PUT YOUR OWN STAMP ON THIS PROPERTY!!! 3-BED SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - PARQUET FLOORING - 2x RECEPTION ROOMS - CLOAKROOM/DOWNSTAIRS W.C - PRIVATE DRIVEWAY - DETACHED GARAGE - FREEHOLD - MR HOMES are very p..."
"Rarely available, This 4 bedroom family home (currently 3), located in a quiet cul-de-sac, in the sought after village of Pentyrch. It is within catchment of well regarded local schools. This spacious detached home with detached garage and south facing rear garden, is ready for a new family."
"*FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME IN THE SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION OF HEATH* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this extensive and well presented family home in excellent location. This property boasts generous living accommodation with two large reception rooms, a beautiful sun room with rear ..."
Located within walking distance to the university this six bedroom end of terrace property is fully let for the 2022/2023 academic year
"We are delighted to present to market this three bedroom family home located on the highly sought after St. Benedict Crescent in The Heath, within a few minutes walk of Heath Park and UHW, and with easy access to the city centre, as well as the A470/A48/M4 arteries. This lovely home is well pres..."
** NO CHAIN** An immaculate and well presented four bedroom detached property in a quiet area of Pontprennau. Enclosed private rear garden and off road parking at the front. Call Darlows on for further details!
Don't miss out on this opportunity to purchase one of only three duplex style apartments in Sovereign Quay overlooking Mermaid Quay. Set over two floors with a magnificent Bay view from both the master bedroom and the lounge area. It also has a modern kitchen with dining room and balcony access ...
"A charming family sized detached cottage of character, nestled between fields and woodland and including extra pockets of land adjacent. Originally built in the 17th century this three/four bedroom property benefits a large private entrance drive, a a garage and private gardens."
"Cardiff Bay living at its finest... Here we have an immaculate duplex apartment in the heart of Cardiff Bay. If you are looking for picturesque views, walks along the barrage across to Penarth, fantastic restaurants and access to all of the local amenities you may need, then look no fur..."
"**BEAUTIFUL DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME** Martin & Co are extremely pleased to offer this spacious family home. Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac, this house proudly boasts a living room, spacious dining room with bi-fold doors to the fantastic rear garden, a separate modern kitchen and do..."
"*BRAND NEW BUILD* The four-bedroom Redwood offers a standard of living you simply wouldn't expect at the price, offering quality without compromise is an ideal home for the larger family."
"The Knightsbridge is a detached four-bedroom home with an open-plan kitchen/breakfast/family room as well as separate living and dining rooms and a downstairs WC. Upstairs, bedroom one has its own en suite, the other three bedrooms share the family bathroom and there’s a fitted storage cupboard."
"Agreed are delighted to offer for sale this substantial four bedroom detached house situated in the delightful city of Cardiff. The property is within walking distance of local schools and amenities. Offering one reception room and three bathrooms, the property benefits from having gas central he..."
"A bright and well-proportioned semi-detached family home, just a short walk to Lady Mary shops, Roath Park Lake and Flower Gardens, with a short walk to bus links to the City Centre, and within the school catchments for Lakeside Primary and Cardiff High School. Entrance porch, entrance hallway, ..."
"This traditional family home retains many original features and is offered to the market in show home condition throughout. Why compromise on space? With three reception rooms plus a conservatory, four bedrooms and a landscaped garden"
"A super, bay-fronted, chain-free house in a oh-so-trendy corner of Pontcanna. This handsome home has an entrance hall, through living-dining room, and a traditional-style kitchen that completes the ground floor accommodation. Upstairs is a split-level landing with pitch pine exposed floorboards, ..."
"The Chedworth ticks all the boxes. The open-plan kitchen/family room is perfect for family time. There’s a living room, dining room, downstairs cloakroom and a utility room with outside access. Upstairs there are four bedrooms - bedroom one has an en suite - a family bathroom and a storage cupboard."
"*Three bedroom semi detached family home in Heath* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented three bedroom property situated in Heath. This property boasts generous living accommodation with excellent size reception rooms, a stylish kitchen with a well presented ..."
"This superbly presented, four double bedroom, family home is situated in the popular residential area of St Mellons, Cardiff. The property further benefits from double glazing throughout, gas heating to radiators and a detached double garage"
"**EXQUISITE DUPLEX PENTHOUSE APARTMENT* NO CHAIN** MGY are pleased to present for sale a superb two bedroom penthouse apartment, in the popular development of Century Wharf, with breath taking views over Cardiff Bays sky-line and as far reached as the Bristol Channel. The immaculate apartment is ..."
"This bay fronted home is located on the sought-after Severn Grove, which is a tree lined road in the heart of Pontcanna. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, open plan living/dining room and kitchen on the ground floor and there are two double bedrooms and a good sized bathroom ..."
Three bedroom semi detached bungalow
"MGY are delighted to offer for sale this detached property in the Pontprennau area of Cardiff close to Cardiff Gate Retail park and M4 motorway links. The property briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility room, wc, four bedrooms, bathroom and ensuite. Off road parking t..."
"JeffreyRoss are pleased to bring to the market this beautifully presented and appointed extended three bedroom detached family home in Old St Mellons. Offering picturesque views over St Johns College directly opposite, in brief the property consists of entrance porch, fitted kitchen, living room,..."
"Are you wanting the City Centre lifestyle? If so, then take a look at this two bedroom apartment on the tenth floor in Landmark Place on Churchill Way. This apartment is ideal for a professional who wants to enjoy a modern lifestyle, or someone looking for a buy to let in the City"
"Uniquely designed, three bedroom detached house in an excellent location close to the Taff Trail and Llandaff North Village and a short drive to Whitchurch Village with it's array of local amenities. Benefiting further from rear garden and off road parking, viewings by appointment only."
"**FANTASTIC FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY**FAMILY BATHROOM, EN-SUITE AND DOWNSTAIRS WC/CLOAKS**STUNNING GARDEN WITH FEATURE PATIO** SUN ROOM**UTILITY ROOM**THREE RECEPTIONS**OFF-ROAD PARKING** We are delighted to present to market this fabulous four bedroom detached family home, ideally located..."
"EXTENDED three bedroom dormer bungalow in Cyncoed. MUST BE SEEN to be apricated. If you are looking for a bungalow which not only offers versatile living but also offer ample living accommodation for families, friends and guest then this home is for you. All within walking distance to a range of ..."
"A superb larger-style luxury apartment of circa 96m2/ 1033 sq ft, in this well-established and highly-regarded conversion. This substantial and well-appointed pad boasts far-reaching views over Bute Park, Sophia Gardens, the city sky-line and Pontcanna’s Victorian roof-tops from an elev..."
"£400,000, Investment Opportunity, Three Self-Contained Flats in Windsor Court, Holmesdale Street, Cardiff, CF11 7HH"
"An exclusive first floor executive maisonette in the highly sought after quiet cul-de-sac of Redwood Court, positioned just a 2 minute walk to Llanishen village shops, bus links to the City Centre and Llanishen ‘Park & Ride’ train station. Ground floor entrance porch, first floo..."
This large and spacious house is just waiting for a family to enjoy the space and comfort that it can offer. With schools and amenities close by the property has so much to offer. You have to see it to really appreciate it. Book a viewing on .
"A beautifully presented four bedroom detached home. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, wc, living/dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, utility room and the property benefits from a garage conversion which is now a double bedroom and en suite on the ground floor. To the first floor is the..."
"A modern family home is located within the heart of Pontprennau in a quiet cul-de-sac close to Pontprennau Primary School, the facilities on offer at Cardiff Gate Retail Park, a short drive to the M4. A perfect home for the daily commuters and the growing family!"
"This two bedroom semi detached bungalow is near amenities and is being sold with no onward chain. The property briefly comprises an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, shower room and two double bedrooms. Outside, the property offers a driveway and garage along with a sunny aspect r..."
STUNNING FINISH throughout this GORGEOUS terrace home in PONTCANNA. You will be in awe making your way round this enviable property. Boasting TWO RECEPTION ROOMS and fully integrated KITCHEN / DINER downstairs as well as TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and LARGE BATHROOM suite with additional SHOWER CUBICLE!!!
"Are you looking for a fantastic bay fronted three bedroom semi-detached house in Traditional Rumney? Then look no further. This property comes with a garage, driveway, a generous garden and has an open plan kitchen diner. If you're interested in viewing this property please call us on !"
**SPACIOUS DETACHED FAMILY PROPERTY**FOUR BEDROOMS**LIVING ROOM & DINING ROOM**KITCHEN & BREAKFAST ROOM**FAMILY BATHROOM**ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN**DRIVEWAY & GARAGE**PEACEFUL SCENIC LOCATION**Pinkmove are pleased to present this four bedroom detached property situated on Valarian Close in St Me
"Traditional three double bedroom end of terrace home in the heart of Llandaff North with a garage and driveway parking. This stunning home offers a number of period original features from high ceilings, beautiful fireplace and stunning traditional slate flooring. Call today before it's gone. "
"YOPA is proud to present this well-modernised, bay-fronted three-bedroom terraced property in the sought-after locality of Roath. This charming property mixes restored original character features with quality modernisation. Please enquire early to avoid disappointment. All Offers & Interest Invited."
"A well proportioned detached family home, situated in the popular area of Pontprennau. This four bedroom property has a generous footprint with room for further expansion (subject to planning permission). The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, dining room, music room/study, wc, living room a..."
"YOPA is proud to present this substantial, modern and extended three-bedroom detached property in the sought-after locality of Morganstown. in a cul de sac, with a beautiful open plan kitchen diner in the rear extension, please enquire early to avoid disappointment. All Offers & Interest Invited."
"Beautiful extended four bedroom detached family home in the very desirable Minsmere Close area of St Mellons over parkland and woods. This is a MUST VIEW property, call Darlows on to view!!"
"*Brand new and chain free home*. The Cedar is a 3 bedroom home that offers stylish family living spread over three floors. Featuring an open-plan kitchen and dining area, a front-facing living room, a stylish family bathroom, and an extensive bedroom suite to the second floor with en suite. "
"The Juniper is spread across THREE FLOORS, comprising a generous lounge with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden, dedicated STUDY and a generous TOP FLOOR MASTER BEDROOM with EN-SUITE. Ideally located just 15 minutes' drive from CARDIFF CITY CENTRE. "
"The layout of the Loughor epitomises the modern townhouse lifestyle. A spacious ground floor is ideal for entertaining with an open plan kitchen diner, family room, cloak room and laundry room to the ground floor. To the first floor there is a separate lounge, perfect for relaxing, a bathroom an..."
Modern townhouse situated close to Cyncoed and Lisvane and easy access to the A48 further leading to the M4 corridor.
"*DETACHED THREE BEDROOM HOUSE WITH OFF ROAD PARKING* MGY are delighted to bring to market this three bedroom detached house situated on the much favoured Staines Street, Canton The accommodation briefly comprises lounge, dining room, kitchen/utility room, three bedrooms and family shower-room. Th..."
"** SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOUSE ** LARGE OPEN PLAN LIVING WITH MODERN KITCHEN ** A well presented, spacious four bedroom detached family house (adjoining the neighbours garage), located in a convenient location close to local shops and transport links. Entrance hallway, cloakroom, ..."
Call today and secure your viewing on this stunning four bedroom semi-detached property situated in the sought after area of St Mellons. Benefiting from plenty of living space and an impressive rear garden this would make an ideal family home!
"** LARGE FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED COTTAGE WITH SPACIOUS GARDEN ** A large and versatile semi-detached family house with three reception rooms, spacious garden and outbuilding/studio situated in the heart of Pentyrch village. The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance porch, sitting room, clo..."
"Visit our magnificent collection of luxury apartments and townhouses to experience for yourself how location, design, and material can combine for the ultimate lifestyle. St James offers an impressive and remarkable collection of generously proportioned luxurious bedrooms for sleeping and dressin..."
"The Hamilton's is a prestigious development on the iconic Cathedral Road in Pontcanna and is a collection of stylish, refurbished apartments in a grade 2 listed building. This ground floor apartment is unique, as it has its own private entrance, through the original front door and is p..."
"JeffreyRoss are proud to bring to the market this exceptional first floor bay fronted apartment in the heart of Pontcanna. The property briefly comprises entrance hallway, 2 double bedrooms with the master bedroom benefiting an ensuite and fitted wardrobes as well as main bathroom that benefits a..."
"Ready to move into! Apartment 10 in Llys Sofia is a charming duplex, formed from the upper floors of iconic Pontcanna Victorian homes with double height living, balcony and parking."
"An extended 4 bedroom semi detached family home situated on Velindre Place in Whitchurch. The property offers spacious accommodation throughout and is ideally located for Whitchurch Village, the excellent public transport links and highly regarded primary and secondary schools. The property brief..."
Great investment purchase offering 3 FLATS FOR SALE Positioned in the heart of Roath offering great local amenities and great public transport links. These properties have been totally refurbished and are modernised and upgraded throughout. To be sold with no onwards chain.
"An excellent four bedroom property, full of potential, situated in one of the most popular areas of Cyncoed. This fantastic family property has been significantly extended and is positioned on a substantial plot offering further room for expansion. - subject to planning. Although in need of moder..."
"Jeffrey Ross are pleased to welcome this 2 Bedroom Duplex in the Cathedral Gardens Development. Cathedral Gardens Cathedral Gardens offers a superb selection of 1, 2 and 3 bedroom apartments alongside just three magnificent 4 bed townhouses. The 33 apartments are found ..."
"A fantastic dormer bungalow, situated on the desirable Hollybush Road, located in the popular area of Cyncoed. This wonderful two to three bedroom bungalow is full of potential and offers excellent living space and a private plot. There are a number of features and benefits including conservatory..."
"Detached 4 bedroom family home in the sought after location of Pontprennau. Requiring some upgrading but priced accordingly. Spacious home comprising living room, dining room, kitchen/breakfast room and cloakroom to ground floor. Master bedroom with en suite shower room, three further bedrooms a..."
"The layout of the Loughor epitomises the modern townhouse lifestyle.  A spacious ground floor is ideal for entertaining, whilst a separate lounge of the first floor is perfect for relaxing.  An ensuite to the master bedroom and three additional bedrooms create a space for everyone to ca..."
"** NEW 4 BEDROOM HOME IN PRIME LOCATION ** ONLY 4 MILES OF CARDIFF CITY CENTRE ** GARAGE ** MGY are pleased to offer this four bedroom, semi-detached 'Berkley' style home built by the highly regarded Lewis Homes as part of the Dol Werdd development, which is ready for occupation in Spring 2023. T..."
The Berkley - Four bedroom semi-detached townhouse with an integrated single garage and south-facing garden. Part of the popular Dol Werdd development at Plasdwr.
The Berkley - Four bedroom semi-detached townhouse with a south-facing garden. Estimated completion for Spring 2023.
Thia property offers a traditional yet modern family home. With light and neutral decor throughout offering the perfect space for a growing family. Call today before it's gone!
"*Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this two bedroom detached bungalow in Rhiwbina* In an excellent location, the property boasts two good size bedrooms, generous living accommodation, driveway parking for multiple cars, and large garden. NO CHAIN. MUST BE VIEWED."
"A THREE BEDROOM double bay fronted mid terraced home, in need of extensive modernisation throughout, set in this sought after location of PENYLAN, Cardiff. The property is within walking distance of local shops, schools and bus routes. Viewing's Recommended!"
"GUIDE PRICE £210,000 - £220,000 - This gorgeous mid-terrace home with GARAGE is nestled away in the highly sought after City Gardens development, ideally situated within walking distance of local schools, parks, shops and amenities. No chain."
"INCENTIVE OFFER FOR LIMITED TIME ONLY - LAND TRANSACTION TAX PAID! ENERGY EFFICIENT APARTMENT. With the cost of living constantly on the rise, more and more purchasers are looking to New build developments for energy and efficiency savings. The purpose built Lozelles development is one of the fe..."
"An Exceptional Top Floor Apartment Within This Much Desired Retirement Complex, Offering A Wealth Of Internal Accommodation And Access To A Host Of Communal Facilities Including On-Site Bistro, Al Fresco Dining Area And Landscaped Gardens."
"Final apartment remaining at this chic Victorian villa re-development in Pontcanna. Contact us to make your move now, ready to occupy."
"Northwood are delighted to introduce this traditional style three-bedroom semi-detached property located on a sizeable plot on the quiet Westfield Avenue in Whitchurch, within close proximity to Rhiwbina, Whitchurch and Birchgrove villages. The property is rich with original features and posse..."
"A well presented three bedroom detached family home in the heart of Pontprennau, Cardiff. This well proportioned property offers ample living accommodation for a growing family with three reception rooms, kitchen, utility room and garden room complete with Jacuzzi hot tub which is to remain, plus..."
"*Spacious three bedroom end-terrace family home in Rhiwbina with substantial plot* This ideally located property boasts very generous living accommodation across three reception rooms and additional conservatory, two double bedrooms and a generous size third bedroom. The property is situated on a..."
"If you are looking for a bay fronted home near to the historic Victoria Park, then take a look at this four bedroom end of terraced house on Clive Road. There is modern look to the inside which is blended with some traditional features and the accommodation comprises: entrance hall, li..."
"A traditional bay fronted three bedroom semi-detched property situated at the end of a cul-de-sac on an enclosed corner plot with off road parking and garage. Walking distance of public transport, schools and shops. Potential for extension subject to the necessary planning permissions."
"A beautifully presented extended four bedroom home. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, living room dining room, kitchen and conservatory on the ground floor. The self contained garage conversion consists of a bedroom, living area, wc, shower room and a kitchen. To the first floor is a ma..."
"*Edwards & Co are delighted to offer this three bed dormer bungalow in the sought after area of Rhiwbina* This property boasts generous living accommodation, a well presented enclosed rear garden with a large driveway and garage. MUST BE VIEWED. NO CHAIN."
" ** DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** PLANNING PERMISSION FOR LARGE CONTEMPORARY DETACHED HOUSE ** A delightful detached three bedroom family home situated in the sought after area of Radyr, in cul-de-sac location. The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance porch, hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen, ..."
"A traditional mid-terrace dwelling, which has been extended and improved by the current owners to provide spacious accommodation in the heart of Whitchurch village. "
"*Picturesque detached two bed bungalow in Rhiwbina* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this chain free spacious property, offering generous ground floor living and potential to extend. The property boasts large reception spaces, off road parking and good size gardens to front and re..."
"In The Heart Of Canton And Of Interest To Landlord Investors Can Be Found This Large Traditional Built Bay Fronted Residence That Has Been Converted Into Two Self Contained Apartments Offering Good Investment Return. Ground Floor Apartment Comprises Of Entrance Hall, Open Plan Lounge Kitchen With..."
"A stylish, duplex apartment situated in fashionable Pontcanna, Cardiff. Occupying a lovely position in this ever popular park side street, this beautifully presented home offers a garden, three good size bedrooms, a light and spacious lounge, contemporary kitchen/ diner, shower room & en..."
"Ref:16948226 Sales & Lettings Angels are pleased to present this 4 Bedroom detached dormer bungalow in the sought after location of Rumney, this property offers an abundance of benefits over two floors such as an attached double-height workspace/garage, utility room, 4 piece bathroom sui..."
"A stunning four bedroom detached family home located in Westfield Park, St Fagans. Westfield Park is a popular development in a quiet location yet only minutes from local amenities including local primary and secondary schools, Culverhouse Cross is within walking distance and minutes by car."
"JeffreyRoss are pleased to bring to the market this rare opportunity to purchase this end of terrace that looks into Victoria Park. The current owners have enjoyed this property for the last 65 years and are now looking to downsize. The property briefly comprised entrance hallway, large second re..."
Bidding opens Monday 27th March 2023 at 12:00 and closes Wednesday 29th March 2023 at 12:00.
JeffreyRoss are delighted to bring to the market this unique opportunity to purchase with no on going chain at the superb McCarthy & Stone Retirement and Living development in Llanishen. ‘Llys Isan’ is a development of executive apartments designed for an independent lifestyle post-retirement. Th...
Impressive extended 3 bedroom semi detached family home set on desirable Thornhill address
*Beautifully presented 1930s red brick three bed end of short terrace home in Rhiwbina* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom home situated in the sought after location of Rhiwbina. This property boasts modern living accommodation including a open plan kitchen dinin...
"**CORNER PLOT** A modernised, extended and much improved semi-detached family home, in a desirable position and occupying a large corner plot with further potential to extend/develop (subject to obtaining the necessary planning consent), in the popular area of Penylan, with easy access to the A48..."
"JeffreyRoss are pleased to bring to the market with NO CHAIN a well-proportioned, three bedroom end of terrace townhouse, situated on the desirable Youghal Close in Pontprennau. The accommodation in brief is split over three floors and comprises entrance hallway, ground floor shower room/WC, inte..."
"**NO CHAIN**DETACHED**FOUR BEDROOMS**KITCHEN DINER**LARGE RECEPTION ROOM**FAMILY BATHROOM**OFF ROAD AND GARAGE PARKING**ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN**EASY ACCESS TO A WIDE RANGE OF FACILITIES AND AMENITIES**REF#00017480**Pinkmove are delighted to offer this immaculately well presented, four bedroom detached"
"
**BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED REDROW 3 BED SEMI**
**MANY UPGRADED FEATURES** This immaculate, spacious, very popular ‘Redrow Ludlow’ design at Cae St Fagans has had many upgrades to set it aside from the standard properties on offer. Tiled bathrooms, high quality carpets and LVT throughout; spot ligh..."
"A unique opportunity to aquire a modern two bedroom mid terrace positioned in this private gated development. The accommodation comprises of entrance hallway, lounge/diner, kitchen, utility room and cloakroom WC to the ground floor. To the first floor are two generously sized double bedrooms and ..."
"No expense has been spared in transforming this beautiful, detached home in a very sought after area of St Mellons, Cardiff East. The property features an open plan lounge/dining room/kitchen area, 3 double bedrooms, with an en-suite to the master and a luxury family bathroom. Other features include"
"This charming semi-detached home is situated in the popular and picturesque village of Tongwynlais. With its wealth of local amenities inclusing primary school, proximity to Castell Coch and the Taff Trail along with links to the A470 and M4 motorway this is a great location. Accommodati..."
"An extended and improved five bedroom semi-detached family home situated within walking distance of shops, schools and public transport with good off road parking for up to three cars, solar panels, carport and garage. Internal viewing is highly recommended."
"Beautifully presented Executive Five bedroom detached property located in the highly desirable Water Avens Close area of St Mellons. The property is in show home condition and within a stones throw away from the picturesque 'Hendre Lake'
Call Darlows for more information on !"
"A traditional, bay fronted Three bedroom, semi detached corner plot. The perfect family home with two reception room and conservatory. Complete with off road parking and rear garden. Viewings by appointment only."
"A large five bedroom gable fronted three stroey period home, occupying a sought after location equidistant to both Pontcanna, Canton and Victoria Park. Gas heating, PVC double glazing, many period features, three reception rooms, walled gardens, see inside!"
"Peter Alan Rumney are pleased to offer new to the market this four bedroom, detached property situated on this highly sought after development in St.Mellons. Overlooking the beautiful Hendre lake park this property is located close to local amenities and transport links. Call the sales team today"
"*Three bed semi detached house in Rhiwbina* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this very spacious property consisting of a large and bright principle reception room, a dining room with rear garden views, a good size kitchen with generous size bedrooms. This home holds great potenti..."
"Located on Fitzroy Street, in the popular area of Cathays, this deceptive six bedroom HMO licensed house is currently let and producing an income of £2000 per calendar month, as well as tenants secured for the 23/24 academic year with an increased rental income of £2460 per calendar month. <..."
The area of Axbridge Crescent in Llanrumney is highly sought after and viewings are recommended to really appreciate to size of this five bedroom family home that is within walking distance to local amenities such as schools and shops.
"A handsome double bay fronted three bedroom mid-terrace house located a stone's throw away from the centre of Whitchurch Village. This well presented period property is spacious throughout and briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, Shower Room, Living Room, Sitting Room and a Kitchen/Diner to the grou..."
"Semi-Commercial Freehold Investment & Development Opportunity situated within the well-regarded Rumney locale. The property briefly comprises a Ground Floor Commercial Unit, a Spacious First Floor Apartment, a Large Rear Garden and two Double Garages. Potential for development, subject to consents."
"Semi-commercial Freehold investment including A3 Takeaway and two bedroom apartment situated in an outstanding trading position within this very busy shopping parade in Rumney, Cardiff. Sold with tenant in situ, circa £30,000.00 per annum on a ten year, fully repairing and insuring lease."
"Extended three bedroom detached family home in the heart of Pontprennau, Cardiff. The property offers ample living accommodation with three spacious bedrooms, two bathrooms and two reception rooms. With off road parking and a garage plus an enclosed garden to the rear. "
"A FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED family home, set in the popular location of PENTWYN, within walking distance of local amenities and easy access to local schools, bus routes and shops. Cardiff City centre is easily accessible and the A48/M4 access corridor is just a short drive away. Viewing's Recommended!"
"This stylish and modern three bedroom apartment is more than just a home, it's a lifestyle. One of the many benefits is the great location right on the Marina, and within walking distance to all the local amenities such as The Sports Village, pedestrian bridge to Penarth and Cogan Train Station"
" **GUIDE PRICE - £374,999 - £385,000** A well proportioned four bedroom detached property. This well presented family home offers a number of features and benefits including utility area, downstairs wc, en suite and driveway. This property is perfectly suited for modern livi..."
"Must Be Viewed! This Very Nicely Presented And Much Improved 'Redrow; Built Detached House Situated At This Most Sought After Of Residential Developments Being In Close Proximity To The Nearby Ysgol Tregganon Welsh School, The Soon To Be Completed Fitzalan High School, The Various Facilities Of C..."
"Most attractive and spacious 2/3 bedroomed ground floor maisonette, 1 of only 4 in a select courtyard position, quiet avenue location, a short distance from Cyncoed village centre, convenient bus routes on Cyncoed Road and with easy access to the M4 and A470. Independent entrance, large central h..."
Planning Permission for 5 Flats – 22/00513/MNR. For Sale by Modern Auction – T & C’s apply. Great investment opportunity! Garden and Large Workshop with rear Access. Currently 2 bedroom apartment downstairs with separate 8 bedroom apartment to the upper floors. Freehold. NO ...
"This exceptional three-bedroom home is configured across three voluminous floors, the expansive interiors subjected to a ground-floor extension, converted loft-space and full-refurbishment throughout. The house unfolds over 1200 sq ft with a garden office, which sits within the private rear garden."
"***LARGE PLOT WITH EVEN MORE POTENTIAL TO EXPAND AND BUILD*** This family home is situated on a larger than average corner plot in Llanishen offering no forward chain. The home currently is used as a 5 bedroom house with two bedrooms being on the bottom floor, this can be easily..."
"Taylors are very pleased to offer for sale this spacious top floor 3 bed apartment in Century Wharf. Rarely 3 beds come up in this development. The property offers good sized accommodation featuring open plan lounge and kitchen area with balcony, two double bedrooms both with fitted wardrobes an..."
"You will not want to miss out on this fabulous opportunity to purchase a four bedroom detached house in the heart of popular St. Mellon's close to local amenities, schools, and with excellent links to the M4 and the University Hospital of Wales. This lovely property features a glazed entrance ..."
"Period bay-fronted mid-terrace dwelling situated on Africa Gardens, Heath, which is a highly sought after residential location within a short walk of the UHW and the wide range of amenities that Whitchurch Road has to offer. Internal viewing advised. "
"**The Last Remaining Two-Bedroom Apartment** Suffolk House is the latest development from Quin & Co, sitting in the heart of the Conway Road Conservation Area between Thompson's Park and Llandaff Fields. Whilst the two parks provide open space for leisure, play and fitness, Pontc..."
*Extended detached two bed bungalow in Whitchurch* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this incredibly spacious bungalow in a highly sought after location. The property offers generous accommodation and plot as well as a detached garage and off road driveway parking. MUST BE VIEWED
"Situated in the popular Wyncliffe Gardens Development, this well maintained four bedroom, semi detached house with easy access to the A48 and M4, a short walk to a children's play park and Waitrose and Lidl Supermarkets, a further short drive to Asda Supermarket and Retail Park. The accommodation..."
A modernised three double bedroom mid terraced property located on The Philog in Whitchurch. The property has two excellent size reception rooms and a spacious kitchen/diner with sliding doors onto the sunny rear garden plus a loft room that would make an ideal home office. The property has recen...
"Offered to the market is this car garage with first floor office space, as well as a separate 2 bedroom duplex maisonette in the heart of vibrant Roath. Potential for development, subject to the relevant planning permissions being obtained. "
"***NEWLY REFURBISHED***CITY CENTRE LOCATION***A MUST VIEW*** Key Executive Sales are proud to bring to the market this stunning newly refurbished end-terrace house just off Newport Road, with a short walk into Cardiff City Centre. The property comprises of a fully integrated ki..."
"Location, Location, Location! The Perfect Family Home, An Exceptional Period Style Semi-Detached House In A Coveted Street, With Convenient Access To A Wealth Of Local Amenities, Schools And Transport Links Including Coryton Railway Station At The End Of The Road!"
"A wonderful opportunity to purchase this delightful 3 bedroom detached bungalow on Park Avenue in Whitchurch. The property has recently benefited from a loft conversion to create a master bedroom and bathroom, along with ample storage and the potential to create an additional bedroom in the futur..."
"THE CAMOMILE PLOT 125 ASPEN GROVE A superb four bed detached home located on the Aspen Grove development.. The accommodation comprises of dual aspect lounge, kitchen/diner, four bedrooms, bathroom, cloaks and en-suite. The property offers, parking, garden and located on an award winning si..."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £385.0000 DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY SUBJECT TO PLANNING APPROVAL. Situated On The Corner Of Atlas Road & Thurston Street Can Be Found This Very Sizeable Three Storey End Of Terrace House Boasting Five Bedrooms & 23' Coach House To Rear. Accommodation Further Comprises Of Ent..."
"***PRIME LOCATION*** A spacious, two bedroom 2nd floor luxury apartment currently tenanted for £1500pcm until next August. The Cathedral Parc development offers this stunning two bedroom duplex apartment which is light and spacious, all finished to the highest standard, this is ..."
"If you are looking for a bay fronted home near to the historic Victoria Park, then take a look at this three bedroom mid terraced house on Windway Road. There is modern look mixed with traditional features to the inside which is spacious throughout with accommodation comprising: entran..."
"Thomas H Wood Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this extended and beautifully presented family home situated in the heart of Whitchurch close to all amenities, schools and commuter links. The property has been very well maintained and modernised by the current owners and recent improv..."
"Situated in a most sought after location is this three bedroom semi detached house in need of updating. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, sitting/dining room and kitchen on the ground floor and there are three bedrooms and bathroom on the first floor. The property benefits from a good ..."
"Stunning three bedroom duplex apartment in Llandaff which offers the perfect balance between contemporary and classic design. This impressive property benefits from LVT wood effect flooring, a luxury fitted kitchen and two stunning bathrooms and access to court yard garden."
"**IMMACULATE THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM BAY FRONTED TOWNHOUSE**VIEWS OVER THE PARK** A semi detached 'Ashbourne Style' townhouse with garage and parking in the sought after area in Radyr. The accommodation briefly comprises hallway, dining/sitting room, kitchen/breakfast room, utility room and WC. Firs..."
"** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED ** INTEGRAL DOUBLE GARAGE ** An exceptionally spacious three storey, three double bedroom semi detached family house in the popular area of Radyr. To the ground floor is the entrance hallway, laundry room, spacious store room plus integral double garage with ..."
"**LOVELY 3 BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE IN A SUPER CONVENIENT LOCATION** This period property with modern fixtures and fittings is located alongside the hub of Llandaff, with its cathedral & shops around the corner and top rated schools in close proximity, it is perfectly positioned . The property has been..."
A traditional three bedroom semi-detached family home providing an ideal opportunity for improvement and extension (subject to planning permissions) situated in a quiet cul-de-sac within walking distance of Llanishen and Rhiwbina village.
"Move straight into this fabulous four bedroom detached house located in the popular area of FFordd Daniel Lewis, Regents Gate, St Mellons which is offered to market in show home condition throughout. With schools, bus stops and shops within easy reach this would be perfect for a growing family."
"Beautifully presented with many original features, three bedroom property in the Heath area of Cardiff close to Whitchurch road with many shops and amenities. The property briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, sitting room, kitchen/breakfast room, three bedrooms and bathroom. Outside a courtyard ..."
"*** Guide Price: £360,000 *** NO CHAIN!!! A VERY MODERN & IMMACULATE 4-BED DETACHED FAMILY HOME - YOU CAN SIMPLY MOVE STRAIGHT IN - SOUTH-WEST FACING LARGE & ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN BACKING ONTO FORESTRY/WOODLAND - SOLID OAK DOORS to GROUND FLOOR - CLOAKROOM - LOUNGE with LOG-BURNER - OPEN..."
"*Three bed semi detached home in prime Rhiwbina garden village location* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this traditional and spacious three bedroom home. This property holds traditional characteristics throughout, generous living accommodation including two reception rooms, kitc..."
"We present this fantastic three bedroom home situated in the very popular Adventures Quay. The house benefits from off road parking, A garage as well as being within walking distance both the Red dragon centre and Mermaid Quay, Call now to book a viewing!!"
For sale with immediate occupation and no on-going chain is this stunning 4 bedroom town house. Situated within a select and small development perfectly located for the town of Penarth & links into Cardiff City Center. Great improved throughout by the present owners to include a spectacular kitch...
"An Exceptional Period Style End Of Terrace House, Set In A Popular Avenue Near To A Host Of Amenties And Transport Links. We are delighted to offer for sale this spacious and attractive property, with a wealth of accommodation and rear garden with vehicular access."
"Located in the popular area of Nesta Road, Victoria Park and offering 3 double bedrooms and a converted loft room is this charming family home. The property benefits from having a large 19' kitchen and a garage. There are two reception rooms and a private rear garden with access to the garage."
"This well-presented four-bedroom townhouse is in a sought-after location in Heath, being ideally located to local amenities, transport links and the University Hospital of Wales. The generous accommodation comprises an entrance hall, access to the garage, utility room, and dining room (bedroom fo..."
"** FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** MODERNISED THROUGHOUT ** NO CHAIN ** A delightful detached four bedroom family home in a convenient location and backing onto woodland. Entrance hallway, cloakroom, spacious lounge with wood burning stove, modern in fitted kitchen and dining room. To the fi..."
"As you walk up to this property you know you are in for a treat and you won't be disappointed. An immaculate and well presented four double bedroom, three storey townhouse. The property has been improved to a high standard by the current owners and benefits from many positive alterations"
"OAC presents this very high specification 2 double bedroom maisonette in the beautiful Cyncoed, just a stones throw away from Roath Park. There are two entrances, one from flat ground and one from the steps. This property is offered with no chain. "
"**DETACHED THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME** Martin & Co are extremely pleased to offer this generous detached home. Situated in the popular new development of St Edeyrns, boasting fantastic transport links this house must be viewed to be appreciated. The ground floor offers a spacious living room,..."
"This property is ideal for someone who is looking for an investment opportunity, or somebody who still want to live with family but wants to have their own space. This property is very space full throughout and all of the rooms are a really good size"
"Large extended Four Double Bedroom family home conveniently situated in the heart of Llanishen, close to local amenities and schools. Set over three floors this property boasts large bedrooms and plenty of living space. Off-street parking and large rear garden. "
"A beautifully presented two bedrooms, bay fronted semi detached bungalow conveniently located in close proximity to a variety of amenities and major road links. The accommodation comprises entrance porch, hallway, bay fronted master bedroom, bedroom two, bathroom, modern kitchen, spacious lounge ..."
"**FANTASTIC WATER VIEWS* IMMACULATELY PRESENTED* NO CHAIN** MGY are pleased to present for sale, a superb two bedroom, sixth floor apartment in the popular waterfront Bayscape development, within Cardiff Marina. The spacious accommodation comprises of entrance hall, open plan lounge/diner, high s..."
An opportunity to purchase this traditional bay-fronted 2-bedroom semi-detached bungalow which has been extended and is situated in the heart of Whitchurch village. 
"*Traditional and spacious mid- terrace house in prime Rhiwbina location* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this house which holds traditional characteristics throughout, requires modernisation in excellent location. This property is accompanied with three good size bedrooms, two re..."
"Being sold with no onward chain is this beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached home. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, spacious living room with parquet floor, bay fronted sitting room with parquet floor and kitchen/dining room on the ground floor and to the first floor are t..."
"An opportunity to purchase a two/three bedroom bay fronted semi-detached bungalow with traditional features situated in a large private rear garden in a small cul-de-sac, garage, parking and no chain. There is excellent potential to extend to the rear or into the loft space subject to planning."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! An ideal investment property set in an excellent location of CATHAYS within easy access to Cardiff City Centre and the A48/M4 access corridor. The property further benefits from gas central heating, front forecourt and enclosed rear garden. Viewings Highly Recommended!"
"YOPA is proud to present this highly modernised three-bedroom detached property in St Mellons. in a quiet cul-de-sac location, with a large drive, a modern open-plan kitchen diner, and a large well-landscaped garden, please enquire early to avoid disappointment. All Offesr & Interest are Invited."
"Look no further than this three bedroom semi-detached property, nestled in a quiet street in the sought after area of The Heath, ideally placed for an abundance of local amenities close by, with excellent transport links and with easy access to the University Hospital of Wales as well as the city..."
FOR SALE BY PUBLIC AUCTION: The auction will take place online on 4th April 2023 at 04:24 PM with registration through our website.
"Situated in a sought after location of St Fagans, a four bedroom town house which is modern throughout and spacious living, open plan kitchen diner, four bedrooms, downstairs cloakroom, ensuite of master bedroom, family bathroom and an enclose private rear garden."
"This modern detached four double-bedroom property is situated in the heart of Rumney. Within walking distance to a vast amount of amenities and is being sold with no onward chain. The property briefly comprises an entrance hallway, ground floor WC, lounge and kitchen/dining room and utility r..."
"A lovely three bedroom semi detached family home in the sought after area of Thornhill. Close to amenities and public transport links as well as a short walk to Thornhill primary school this is a great location. Accommodation briefly comprises entrance porch, hallway, lounge, dining room, conserv..."
"No Chain! A traditional double bay fronted. three bedroom mid-terrace house placed adjacent to the ever so popular Victoria Park. Very much a blank canvas and offering excellent potential for the next occupier to extend and put their stamp on, this really would make a perfect family home! "
BRILLIANT BUNGALOW!! ** OPEN HOUSE **
"***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, RARE TO MARKET THREE BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE IN CARDIFF BAY*** Benefitting from lovely water views the location of this house is perfect distance from the hustle and bustle of the City Centre and Mermaid Quay. Close to good public transport links and links to the M..."
"Situated just off the High St in the heart of Llandaff a modern two bedroom house with gated parking. A short stroll to the Cathedral, shops and restaurants and close to the Taff Trail. There is secure gated parking and NO CHAIN"
"Cathedral House is situated on the very prestigious Cathedral Road in the upmarket are of Pontcanna. A short distance to Cardiff City Centre. Pontcanna offers fine dining restaurants, boutiques and bars. A contemporary and well sought after development so early viewings are recommended...."
"A beautiful two double bedroom waterside penthouse apartment in the popular Prospect Place development in Cardiff Bay. Located on the 18th floor and commands far reaching views overlooking Cardiff Bay, Penarth Marina, Penarth Head, the Bristol Channel & the Somerset coastline."
"We are pleased to present to the market this larger than average three bedroom family home, situated on Llanrumney Avenue overlooking Rumney recreational grounds! This property will make an excellent family home with spacious rooms throughout, a generous driveway and rear garden! Being in this lo..."
"A generously proportioned, three bedroom detached property, situated in the popular area of Cyncoed. This excellent family home is situated in a private, cul du sac position, while benefitting from an elevated aspect. There are a number of features and benefits including detached garage, driveway..."
"JeffreyRoss are proud to bring to the market this immaculate and extended three bedroom semi detached property in this popular location which has been refurbished throughout. The property briefly comprises of: entrance hall, living room, open plan kitchen/dining/ family room and shower room. To t..."
"Darlows are proud to be selling this 3-bedroom property located on the desirable College Road, this property benefits hugely in style location and size, but will go fast so get in touch right away!"
"A deceptively spacious and versatile three bedroom semi-detached dormer bungalow with a garage and private aspect to the front and rear. Located within walking distance of public transport, shops and schools. Offered for sale with no ongoing chain. *Awaiting Probate*"
Located on an end of terrace corner plot in Splott this property has been converted into two sizable self contained flats. The property is freehold and benefits from outside space and off road parking to the ground floor
"*** Guide Price: £350,000 to £360,000 *** MODERN & CONTEMPORARY 3-BED SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME with STUNNING GARDENS - 22ft DETACHED GARAGE - PRIVATE DOUBLE DRIVEWAY - INVITING ENTRANCE HALLWAY - MODERN BATHROOM SUITE - MOVE STRAIGHT IN - FREEHOLD. MR HOMES are delighted to Offer FOR..."
"*DETACHED THREE BED FAMILY HOME IN THE DESIRABLE AREA OF THORNHILL* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this spacious and well situated property, boasting generous living accommodation, integral garage, and off road driveway parking. MUST BE VIEWED"
"*Two bed semi detached bungalow in prime Rhiwbina location* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this spacious two bed bungalow with a bright large reception room, good size kitchen opening into the rear garden, two double bedrooms, with a large enclosed well maintained rear garden wi..."
" Get Sold UK are delighted to offer this extended & very well presented 3/4 bedroom detached property situated in Cardiff. The property has accommodation as follows: Entrance hall, lounge, dining room, cloakroom, kitchen, large store cupboard, conservatory/bedroom & shower room. To the firs..."
"Property located in Park Avenue, Whitchurch, Cardiff"
A traditional bay fronted semi-detached home situated within walking distance of the University Hospital of Wales. The property comprises two separate reception rooms and a downstairs cloakroom. There is a modern bathroom and kitchen. A private rear garden with lane access and no ongoing chain.
A greatly extended four bedroom family home that really needs to be seen to be believed. This beautiful family home is within walking distance of the famous St Johns College and has great transport links to both the M4 and A48. Call Darlows on !
"£350,000, Development Opportunity, Large Single Storey Commercial Property with Freehold Development Plot in South Park Road, Cardiff, CF24 2LU"
"Located in the popular development of Westfield Park in St Fagans, a four bedroom detached home located at the end of a quiet cul de sac away from passing traffic yet only minutes away from local amenities."
"JeffreyRoss are proud to bring to to the market this picturesque cottage in the heart of Llandaff and within walking distance to all local amenities. This mock Tudor style property briefly comprises entrance foyer, open plan living and dining area, modern fitted kitchen and downstairs WC. To the ..."
"The Oaks. An immaculate and tastefully presented four bedroom end of terrace town house located on this popular development in The Mill, Canton. The accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Kitchen/Diner and Lounge with French doors out to the garden to the ground floor. To the ..."
"A glorious family home, offering spacious and stylish living arranged over three floors, within quick and easy reach of Cardiff City Centre..."
"A substantial end-terraced family home with versatile accommodation and certainly plenty of room to grow! Located within a prime position within the heart Roath, close to all the amenities on offer along Albany and Wellfield Road and only a short stroll from Roath Park. &nb..."
A beautifully presented two bedroom detached bungalow situated in the popular Birchwood Gardens development in Whitchurch. The current owners have maintained the property to a very high standard and is offered for sale for the first time since being constructed by Barratt Homes in the mid 1990's....
"A traditional bay fronted terraced house, a stones throw from Victoria Park and only minutes from local amenities. Benefiting from an extended ground floor, three good size bedrooms, loft room and enclosed rear garden with a garage and workshop."
" Occupying this substantial plot is this three bedroom semi detached home. The accommodation comprises: entrance porch, entrance hall, wc, dining room, living room, kitchen and utility on the ground floor and to the first floor are three bedrooms, a bathroom and a separate wc. To the outside..."
"***Guide Price 350,000-360,000*** This fantastic family home is situated on a lovely street in St Mellons and close to all local amenities, shops, schools and transport links. Internal viewing is essential to appreciate this delightful home fully! Call today to secure your viewing!!"
"Harris & Birt are pleased to offer to market this newly developed three bedroom detached property in the desirable area of Old St. Mellons. The property briefly comprises; entrance porch, entrance hall, WC and an open plan kitchen/living dining room to the ground floor. With master bedroom, en su..."
"The Clayton Corner features an open-plan kitchen diner and impressive living room with French doors opening into the garden, a utility room, WC and storage cupboard. Upstairs you'll find three bedrooms, including a large en suite bedroom one, a family-sized bathroom and handy storage cupboard."
"**SEMI DETACHED HOUSE*NO CHAIN** An opportunity to acquire a spacious three bedroom semi detached house, situated in this sought after location close to local amenities at Canton, Leckwith and City Centre. The spacious accommodation comprises of entrance hall, living/dining room, newly fitted kit..."
"This bay fronted home is located in the sought-after tree lined Rawden Place and is most convenient for the City Centre. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, living room, dining room, sitting room and kitchen on the ground floor and there are three bedrooms, shower room and fam..."
PARRY STREET CANTON CARDIFF TERRACED TWO BEDROOM HOUSE
"**THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN** Martin & Co Cardiff are delighted to market this beautifully presented three bedroom home. Located in a quiet cul-de-sac of Thornhill. This property proudly boasts a beautiful kitchen diner, a secure garage with access to the house, very la..."
"Situated At This Most Popular Residential Development Can Be Found This Very Well Presented Modern Built Four Bedroom Semi Detached Town House With Spacious Accommodation Over Three Storeys. Briefly Comprising Of Entrance Hall, Cloakroom W.C. Sitting Room, Fitted Kitchen Breakfast Room With Integ..."
No Chain! Whitworth Square is a small development of properties placed to the north of Whitchurch village making it an ideal location for a quiet residential area with excellent M4 and A470 access. Long Wood Nature Reserve is situated just south of the property and makes an easy walk linking up t...
"**SPACIOUS DETACHED THREE BEDROOM HOME** Martin & Co are pleased to offer this detached family home. Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac, within the very popular St Edeyrns. The ground floor is accessed through a porch, to a generous living room. Boasting a modern fitted kitchen/diner with access ..."
"David Ricketts and Co are pleased to offer for sale this well presented three bedroom family home, conveniently situated in a quiet cul de sac just minutes from Birchgrove railway station, city centre bus routes, Morrison's, Llanishen village and the Ty Glas complex. "
JeffreyRoss are pleased to bring to the market with NO CHAIN the spacious and well presented extended 4 bedroom semi detached family home in Llanishen. Set on the desirable and popular Heathbrook this very pleasant home offers spacious living accommodation throughout and presents opportunity and ...
"A two bedroom end of link home occupying a delightful position in a quiet cul-de-sac just off Lisvane Road. Good access to both Llanishen and Lisvane Village, walking distance to a Train Station and Bus Stop, modern contemporary fittings, allocated parking space and no ongoing chain."
"INTERNAL INSPECTION IS A MUST to appreciate the size of accomm offered with this 4 BED Bay Fronted Mid Tce with 2 sep reception rooms, 16' kit/breakfast room, study/5th bedroom, 2 bathrooms.  PARKING & GARAGE.  WOULD SUIT LARGE FAMILY. NO CHAIN."
"A MID-TERRACED 'WILLOW' - WITH VERSATILE ACCOMMODATION ALONG WITH FANTASTIC TECHNOLOGY THAT WILL HELP YOU SAVE ON YOUR UTILITY BILLS INCLUDING SOLAR PANELS, BATTERY STORAGE, GROUND SOURCE HEAT PUMPS & ELECTRIC CAR CHARGER POINT. SUPERB VIEWS OVER THE CHANNEL"
"A modern, semi-detached home that has been tastefully enhanced both inside and out, well positioned within the development, close to open space, the amenities of Culverhouse Cross and major transport links. Canopied frontage with part glazed entrance door, opening to tiled ENTRANCE HALL (3'6""..."
"Contemporary in design, stylish and impressive coach house style mews end residence, one of only three, in a select, tranquil and prestigious courtyard with landscape gardens, short walk to Llanishen Village shops. Beautifully presented throughout, being of open plan design living with quality fi..."
"A charming bungalow residence nestled within a quaint and picturesque pocket of Penylan. Boasting a glorious rear garden, complemented by stylish and immaculately presented living accommodation, this recently refurbished property offers itself as a perfect downsize opportunity, a first-t..."
"Enjoy the best of modern living in this popular three-bedroom home which benefits from a stylish open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors leading into the garden. The Hatfield's bright front aspect living room, separate utility room, handy storage cupboard and downstairs WC make this a great home."
"We are pleased to offer to the market this lovely traditional yet modern three bedroom semi detached property, situated on the popular New Road offering fantastic transport links to and from Cardiff City Centre. The property has a modern feel whilst keeping its traditional charm with features such a"
"This lovely family home is ideal for a growing family , ideally situated in a quiet little corner of this desirable development. The property offers spacious accommodation in a quiet setting."
"A spacious, well-proportioned and extended semi-detached family home, positioned within popular Wyncliffe Gardens development, close to local supermarkets and just a short drive to Cardiff Gate amenities and M4 motorway, with good bus links to the City Centre. 37ft modern open plan living space c..."
"A spectacular first-floor apartment situated on Cathedral Road. This beautifully presented property is located in one of the best roads in Cardiff, with access to a huge number of amenities, including sporting and musical events in the Principality Stadium and shopping at Cardiff City Centre."
"A spacious four bedroom mid terrace family home in Llandetty Road, Fairwater. Benefiting from entrance hall, spacious lounge, kitchen dining room, large utility room, store room, four good size bedrooms, family bathroom, en suite shower room and rear garden with lane access."
"Isla-Alexander Property Experts are proud to bring this show-home standard three-bedroom semi-detached home to the market, located in the popular 'The Mill' development in Canton, Cardiff."
FOR SALE BY PUBLIC AUCTION: The auction will take place online on 4th April 2023 at 04:45 PM with registration through our website.
"Stunning semi detached property in the popular Llanishen area. The accommodation briefly comprises of porch, entrance hall, open lounge and dining room, kitchen, downstairs cloakroom, three bedrooms and bathroom. Good size rear garden and off road parking to the front of the property with access ..."
"*Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom end terrace house in Whitchurch* This spacious family home situated in Whitchurch offers excellent living/ dining accommodation, three good sized bedrooms, second floor bathroom, and a well maintained garden in a excellent locat..."
"NO CHAIN. GREAT LOCATION CLOSE TO ROATH LAKE. FAMILY HOUSE. GENEROUS GARDEN. PARKING. A fantastic opportunity to purchase this wonderful family home situated in a fantastic location! The accommodation comprises, entrance hall, open plan sitting /dining room, kitchen and conservatory. T..."
"** GUIDE PRICE £340,000 - £350,000** Located on a quiet, yet convenient street in Cyncoed, is this very well presented, semi-detached dormer bungalow FOR SALE. This extended home is set on a good size plot, and offers a mature larger than average rear garden. The Accommodation Briefly Comprises ..."
"Situated between Victoria Park and Thompsons Park, this three bed end terrace propety benefits from an entrance porch, spacious living room. lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility room, three good size bedrooms, family bathroom and a good size private rear garden."
"Ray&Brown are delighted to present for sale this spacious three bedroom semi-detached home in sought after Mayflower Avenue, Llanishen, Cardiff. The property features two reception rooms, modern kitchen, 3 spacious bedrooms. Garage, off road parking and generous garden. Call us now to book a viewing"
"No onwad Chain! Very well presented four bedroom end terraced townhouse benefitting from excellent transport links to Cardiff Gate Retail & Business Park, M4, A48 and Cardiff City Centre. Spire Cardiff Hospital is also within close proximity, as are a number of local amenities includin..."
"Stunning throughout and offered to the market with space for all the family is this four bedroom semi detached house in Pennyroyal Close St Mellons, Benefiting from modern decor throughout and a stunning kitchen and a large master bedroom with an en-suite bathroom."
"We are delighted to present to market this spacious and unique three bedroom family home, ideally situated in a desirable road in the popular village of Rumney. The property is close to local amenities, schools and public transport and is convenient for the city centre and the UHW. The property..."
"A spacious four bedroom mid terrace family home in Machen Place, Riverside. With spacious living and a private easy maintainable rear garden. With in walking distance to local amenities and minutes away from local transport links to and from Cardiff City Centre."
"A four bedroom semi detached home occupying a unique plot with wrap around gardens. Further benefiting from off road parking, a detached single garage, two reception rooms and four good size bedrooms."
"Occupying an enviable position on the pretty tree-lined Taff Embankment, this beautiful three-bedroom house has long-reaching views along the river Taff and the ever-changing city centre skyline. This beautiful home offers a voluminous level of accommodation."
"A beautifully appointed three/four bedroom semi detached home with a high quality of finish throughout. The extended accommodation comprises: entrance hall, stylish open plan kitchen/dining/living area with bi folds doors, spacious utility and bedroom four/large room with en suite bathroom on the..."
"This stunning 4-bedroom property is situated in Danescourt. It is Semi-Detached and equip with an electrical car charging port and a separate garage, it also benefits from space to park two cars and a large rear garden"
"Situated At Newport Road Opposite Retail Park With Very Good Transport Links To The Cardiff City Centre And Motorway Is This Improved Traditional Built Bay Fronted Mid Terrace House With An Open Plan Aspect To Ground Floor. Accommodation Briefly Comprises Of Entrance Hall, Lounge Through To Dinin..."
"A traditional, extended three bedroom semi-detached house placed on this popular residential street in Fairwater. Completely transformed by the owners in 2014, the proprty has a perfect blend of traditional features with a modern touch. The open plan kitchen/diner takes centre stage with..."
"JeffreyRoss are pleased to bring to the market this FIRST FLOOR apartment offering very spacious accommodation, open plan living, kitchen and dining area that benefit Juliet balcony, Bay fronted double bedroom and single bedroom, bathroom and storage in the hallway. Recently redecorated throughou..."
"*** Guide Price: £339,950 *** NO CHAIN!!! INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - CLOSE TO VICTORIA PARK - 4 ROOMS PREVIOUSLY LET OUT - 3x DOUBLE BEDROOMS - 3x RECEPTIONS - DOWNSTAIRS SHOWER ROOM - UPSTAIRS BATHROOM with W.C - A THIRD SEPARATE W.C - ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN & GARAGE with REAR LANE ACCESS - MR..."
"*** Guide Price: £339,950 to £349,950 *** GREATLY EXTENDED & SPACIOUS 3-BED SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME - SOUTH-WEST FACING REAR GARDEN - DOUBLE BAY FRONTED - OPEN-PLAN LIVING - 3x RECEPTIONS - 16ft RE-FITTED KITCHEN/DINER with 3x D/G SKYLIGHTS GIVING PLENTY OF NATURAL LIGHT - UTILITY R..."
"Set close to the main City centre and just a brief walk along the pleasant Taff Trail, is this three bedroom mid-terrace house on the highly desirable Mardy Street, Grangetown. The area is popular with professionals but would also make the perfect family home"
"We are are delighted to present to the market this fantastic bay-fronted, 3-bedroom end-terrace family home in the heart of sought after Whitchurch, within a few minutes walk of the abundance of amenities that this lovely village has to offer, including excellent public transport to the city cent..."
"Superb three bedroom apartment with views over Pontcanna fields offering a very attractive living space located within a short walk to local restaurants, amenities and Cardiff City Centre. This property also benefits from a share of the freehold - OPEN DAY 1st April!"
***TOWNHOUSE***CENTURY WHARF*** A superbly proportioned townhouse is now available to be purchased in the Century Wharf area of Cardiff Bay. This larger style property sits within this popular gated development with a 24 hour concierge service and is just a short walk from all the amenit...
"A lovely extended two-bedroom semi-detached bungalow, in a quiet and sought-after cul-de-sac in Whitchurch, conveniently positioned within a few minutes walk of Whitchurch village with an abundance of amenities, Coryton Railway station, and within short driving distance of the M4 and A470 arterie..."
"*** Guide Price: £330,000 to £340,000 *** A 3 STOREY - DOUBLE BAY FRONTED & DORMER EXTENDED - 4-BED SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME - OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN/DINER - LOUNGE with SOLID OAK FLOORING - UTILITY with ROOM OFF TO ADD A DOWNSTAIRS SHOWER & W.C) - EXTENDED MASTER BEDROOM with EN-SUITE - G..."
"We are proud to present this Three Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £330,000 - £350,000*"
"A very large extended three double bedroom extended family home that needs to be viewed to be fully appreciated. Plenty of off road parking, a private rear garden and no chain, situated within walking distance of Llanishen village. GUIDE PRICE £330,000 TO £340,000."
"*** Guide Price: £330,000 to £340,000 *** NO CHAIN!!! GREATLY EXTENDED - 4-BEDROOMS - THREE STOREYS - DORMER EXTENDED - EXTENDED SITTING ROOM - EXTENDED KITCHEN/DINER - L-SHAPED CONSERVATORY - CLOAKROOM/W.C - SPACIOUS BATH & SHOWER ROOM - LARGE BRICK-PAVED DRIVEWAY (Holds Several Vehi..."
RARE DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY | A rare opportunity within a highly sought after area of Cardiff. The land is currently occupied by a garage but applications have been submitted with a view of demolishing the existing building and the erection of a new development to form an A3 commercial unit to t...
Located upon the second floor of this exclusive waterfront complex and boasting uninterrupted water views of the lake towards Cardiff Bay & Penarth. For sale with no ongoing chain and found in exceptional order. Lacuna benefits from electric gates on entry for secure parking - 2 spaces allocated ...
"Located in the popular street of Castle Crescent, Rumney is this extended three bedroom semi detached house which has plenty of living space throughout. Benefiting from three reception rooms, kitchen, utility room with WC, family bathroom and a lovely rear garden."
"Beautiful two-bedroom Penthouse apartment with study, just a short walk to The Cathedral Green and Llandaff high street with its many amenities. This impressive property benefits from LVT wood effect flooring, a luxury fitted kitchen, a stunning bathroom and access to a private balcony."
"New properties designed for modern living at Aspen Grove. The new homes allow people moving in to benefit from lower emissions and greener living, Nearly 50 plots reserved and occupations have begun since launching eralier this year. Sales office and shoew homes open daily 10am - 5pm."
"This sizeable three double bedroom, bay fronted, end of terraced house. This well presented abode offers: entrance hall, bay fronted living room - 13' 9'' x 11' 10'', sitting room - 12' 10'' x 11' 10''', dining room - 11' 10'' x 11' 2'', kitchen - 12' 6'' x 7' 3'', utility area and wc on the gro..."
"This lovely three bedroom family home is well situated off Carisbrooke way, in the sought after are of Penylan. Within walking distance to amenities and Roath Recreation ground, Cardiff Metropolitan University and with great links to the A48 and M4 this is a fantastic location. Accommodation brie..."
"£330,000, Three Bedroom Double Bay Fronted Mid Terrace House with Large Enclosed Garden and Garage in Hafod Street, Grangetown, Cardiff, CF11 6RB"
"Well presented freehold detached family home located within Greenway Mews, a select gated cul de sac comprising just four detached properties. With four bedrooms, master with en-suite, family bathroom, two receptions, kitchen diner, utility and downstairs cloakroom, this lovely home would be perf..."
"GUIDE PRICE £330,000-£340,000! Immaculate four bedroom detached family home situated at the end of a cul-de-sac with the nearby local amenities of Culverhouse Cross with easy access to the M4 and public transport links to the City Centre."
**COMMERCIAL PREMISES**DESIRABLE LOCATION**BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY**0VER 72SQ M/770 SQ FT**VERSATILE SHOP FLOOR**ALL CATERING EQUIPMENT AVAILABLE VIA NEGOTIATION**COMMUNAL CUSTOMER PARKING**CLOAKROOM**REF#00016511Pinkmove are delighted to offer this fantastic business opportunity to purchase a commerci
"** MODERN THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** NO CHAIN **
A modern semi detached family home in the sought after development being a short distance from transport links and park. Entrance hallway, cloakroom, spacious lounge, modern kitchen and dining room with integrated appliances. To the..."
"*** Guide Price: £329,950 to £339,950 *** NO CHAIN!!! OPEN-PLAN LOUNGE & DINING ROOM - OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN & REAR LEAN TO - SPACIOUS BATH & SHOWER ROOM - VERY LARGE 90 ft ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN - 18ft x 14ft WORKSHOP/OUTBUILDING - CLOSE TO CANTON'S & PONTCANNA'S BARS, RESTAURA..."
"Stunning 18th floor apartment consisting of an impressive spacious open plan living room with island kitchen, superb city skyline and sea views, 3 generous bedrooms, 2 secure parking spaces, ensuite to main bedroom, large bathroom and on site concierge 24/7. A must see!"
"An Exceptional Semi-Detached Bungalow, With Large Southerly Facing Garden, Period Style Features And Off Street Parking."
"A recently refurbished 3 bedroom home in Llandaff North. The property has been fully renovated, providing convenient & modern living. Whitchurch High & Glan Taf school catchments, Highly desirable location."
"*Three bed semi detached home in Rhiwbina* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this good size home situated in Rhiwbina. This property is accompanied with two good size reception rooms, a well maintained kitchen with rear garden views, three good size bedrooms with a upstairs family ..."
"An Exceptional Semi-Detached Bungalow, With A High Standard Of Finish Throughout And Prime Position Within This Sought After Cul-De-Sac. We are delighted to offer for sale this tastefully presented property, with spacious rooms, low maintenance rear garden and generous garage of approx 25"" length."
***BEING SOLD NO CHAIN*** A lovely three bedroom family home situated in the popular area of St. Mellons. offering ample of living space the property has alot to offer offering so much potential and viewing is essential.
"Set in this central location of Roath, this well presented bay fronted home is offered to the market with three double bedrooms, three reception rooms and ground floor w.c with first floor bathroom. A lovely home which must be viewed internally!"
"This stunning contemporary two double bedroom first floor apartment with views of Sophia Walk. This lovely size property has a secure private hallway with lift access, a light & airy open plan lounge/kitchen area with French doors leading to a private balcony, an ensuite and family bathroom."
"£325,000, Investment Opportunity, Mixed Use Property, Established Ground Floor Hairdressing Salon and Barber Shop, and Fully Refurbished Two Bedroom 1st Floor Flat with Terrace, Wentloog Road, Rumney, Cardiff, CF3 3HD"
**NO Chain** is offered with this lovely detached home situated on this sizebale corner plot. The property benefits from ample parking and detached garage along with spacious accommodation! Internal viewing is highly recommended of this lovely family home!
"*CHAIN FREE* Peter Alan are proud to announce this spacious 3 bedroom house located on Eton Place, with a small amount of work this property is the perfect family home."
"NO CHAIN - Three bedroom semi detached in Llandaff North with off road parking and garage and boasting large rear garden. Walking distance to local amenities to include restaurants and pubs, shops, cafes and of course the train station and Hailey Park. Viewings by appointment only."
"A well presented THREE BEDROOM detached family home situated in the popular location of ST MELLONS within easy access to the A48/M4 access corridor. The property further benefits front and rear gardens, off street parking and detached garage. Internal Viewing's Highly Recommended!"
"No Chain. A beautifully appointed ground-floor garden apartment located in this private, gated development in The Retreat in Llandaff. The large open plan Kitchen/Diner/Lounge is connected to the private garden by glass sliding doors. Immaculate and finished with a high-end kitchen and ..."
*SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION* *SEMI-DETACHED* *4 BEDROOMS* 
"This bay fronted Victorian terraced house would benefit from updating but provides a great opportunity to create a lovely family home in a very popular location close to the many and varied amenities which Canton has to offer. The property comprises accommodation of: Entrance hall, two recep..."
"A simply stunning residence in the heart of Cardiff Bay, nestled next to the iconic canals and just a short stroll away from Mermaid Quay and Cardiff City Centre. Styled to an exceptional standard, with a series of recent upgrades throughout, this is a perfect first-time buy or a family ..."
"YOPA is proud to present this nearly new three-bedroom end-of-terrace property in Canton. With a uniquely large landscaped garden, a large brick block paved driveway, and on a sought-after, nearly new development, please enquire early to avoid disappointment. All Offers & Interest are Invited."
"Peter Alan are delighted to market this four bedroom townhouse for sale located in a popular location close to local amenities, transport links and schools. This property offers so much room for the growing family viewing is highly recommended"
A character three bedroom cottage semi-detached property situated within walking distance of Llanishen village in need of modernisation but offering plenty of potential. There is good off road parking and no ongoing chain.
"NEXA CARDIFF are instructed to sell this large three bedroom duplex apartment in Pontcanna with off road parking, offering in excess of 1200 sq/ft of accommodation."
"Brilliant size three bedroom detached home located in Danescourt, within close proximity to reputable schools, amenities & transport links to all areas of Cardiff. This property benefits from off-street parking, a good size garage & a lovely rear garden with views of the Taff trail."
A lovely and modern three bedroom property located in an attractive location in St Fagans with great transport links and easy access to Cardiff. This property has recently been upgraded with a newly fitted kitchen and a landscaped garden.
"Plot 480 The Afon Teifi is clever in design and is a three bedroom home quite unlike any of its terraced rivals with open plan kitchen/dining room, a spacious modern lounge and an useful downstairs cloakroom. The main bedroom has an en-suite and fitted wardrobes as standard. This plot overlooks..."
"Superb new build duplex with bespoke finishing's located in the highly desirable Pontcanna area. The property is located less than a mile from the city centre, comes with a share of the freehold and has an optional parking space."
Rarely available two bedroom double detached bungalow set on a large plot and in a popular cul de sac of St Mellons. Offered for sale in excellent order throughout and within walking distance of local amenities. Viewing is highly recommended.
"Well presented three bedroom detached home in a sought after location. It's the perfect family home or the ideal first-time purchase. There is potential to extend to the side and rear of the property, subject to the relevant planning permissions"
This stunning link detached home is located on the popular City Gardens development and would be ideal for a family. There is modern look throughout the house with a feature grey high gloss kitchen and contrasting white quartz worktop. The decoration throughout is neutral and this woul...
"Matthews Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this unique, modern and deceptively spacious three bedroom link detached dorma bungalow set in a cul-de-sac location in Old St Mellons. The property is conveniently positioned with excellent transport links to Cardiff City Centre, Newpor..."
***COMING SOON *** This three bedroom property is coming soon to the market located close to local shops and transport links offering open plan living and a larger than average garden with off street parking for more than two cars and a garage call today to arrange your viewing
For sale with no ongoing chain and located upon much desired development. Modern semi detached 4 bedroom town house with side drive & detached single garage. Well situated within reach of Waitrose & Lidl Supermarkets plus catchment for good local schools. Access to the A48 corridor leading to the...
"Being sold with no chain located in a popular location close to local amenities and transport links to the city With churches, parks, local sports centre, the Splott and Clifton amenities at hand, plus large national outlets lining Newport road"
*4 bedroom semi-detached house on a corner plot with garage and parking to the rear*
"*** Guide Price: £319,950 to £329,950 *** NO CHAIN!!! EXTENDED - 3-BED DETACHED FAMILY HOME - CORNER PLOT - MOVE STRAIGHT IN - OPEN-PLAN LIVING - STUNNING KITCHEN/BREAKFAST/DINING ROOM - UTILITY ROOM - 3RD RECEPTION/STUDY/4TH BED - CLOAKROOM/DOWNSTAIRS W.C - DOUBLE DRIVEWAY - LARGE & ..."
"Simply stunning! A completely transformed three bedroom semi-detached located on this popular development in Whitchurch. Modernised to a high standard throughout by the current owners with an open plan kitchen taking centre stage, the accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Lou..."
"** TRADITIONAL THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** A bright and spacious three bedroom semi detached family home in a convenient location, being a short distance from transport links and local amenities. Entrance hallway, cloakroom, bay fronted lounge, spacious sitting/dining room and sepa..."
"Set within a quiet cul de sac location is this lovely, three bedroom, double fronted detached family home! Boasting a generous sized enclosed rear garden, off road parking, master with en suite and even a ground floor cloakroom! Both the living room and kitchen/diner run from the front to the rea..."
"** IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT ** Situated in the popular residential area of Roath within walking distance of all local shopping facilities and amenities. This traditional mid terraced property offers hallway, lounge open to dining room, kitchen and sun room. To the first floor there are ..."
"Immaculate three DOUBLE bedrooms with two bathrooms, walk-in wardrobes, private and sunny garden, garage and located in sought after cul-de-sac."
If you are looking to live near to the River Taff then take a look at this four bed bay fronted house on Coedcae Street in Grangetown. It is located near to Taff Embankment and is a really popular area with people who want to be near the City Centre
"MGY are delighted to offer for sale this *CHAIN FREE* semi detached property in a lovely position within walking distance to The Taff Trail / Hailey park and the shops at Station Road. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge/ dining room, kitchen, 3 bedrooms and a bathroom. Gardens to f..."
CALLING ALL FAMILIES!!
"*** Guide Price: £310,000 to £320,000 *** NO CHAIN!!! 3/4 BED DETACHED FAMILY RESIDENCE - PRICED TO SELL QUICKLY - GARAGE CONVERTED TO RECEPTION ROOM 3/BEDROOM 4 with EN-SUITE WET ROOM - OPEN-PLAN LOUNGE & DINING ROOM - CLOAKROOM/W.C - KITCHEN & UTILITY ROOM - SOUTH-WEST FACING RE..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £310,000 - £320,000*** Located in the popular street of Elgar Crescent this extremely well presented three bedroom semi detached house would make a perfect property for the growing family. With modern decor throughout and a 25' kitchen/diner/family room."
"This converted garden apartment is located in the heart of Pontcanna and is sure to appeal to buyers of all ages. There is a modern look to the inside and it has its own private garden and allocated parking space. The accommodation comprises: large open plan living room/kitchen, two do..."
"*Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom mid terrace house in Canton* This spacious family home situated in Canton offers excellent living accommodation, three very good sized bedrooms, second floor bathroom and separate WC, and patio garden. NO CHAIN. MUST BE VIEWED. "
"New to the market is this stunning three bedroom townhouse located just off Colchester avenue in Penylan. Spread over three floors this family home offers modern living with a fantastic Open plan kitchen living area at the heart of the house, complete with fitted appliances and space for dining. ..."
"** WONDERFUL WATER VIEWS ** Gary Hancock and RE/MAX are delighted to present this immaculate larger than average two bedroom raised ground floor apartment. Situated in the sought after Century Wharf development of Cardiff Bay which offers secure gated access, 24 hour concierge service and pool ..."
"Beautifully presented and much improved five double bedroom property conveniently located close to many and varied local amenities including the local Doctors surgery and Rumney Primary School. This lovely family home briefly comprises a spacious lobby, leading into the hallway. Living room overl..."
"Hoskinsmorgan Are Pleased To Offer For Sale This Well Presented Three Bedroom Traditional Double Bay Fronted Terrace House Which Is Situated At This Very Popular Location Which Is Within A Stones Throw Of Lovely Victoria Park. The Property Further Comprises;- Hallway, Lounge, Dining Room, Fitted..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this well presented 3 bedroom, semi detached property sitting on a spacious corner plot in the highly sought after area of Cyncoed, Cardiff. Ideally situated on a quiet street, close to local amenities, excellent schools and with convenient road and transport l..."
"Situated within the Century Wharf development and therefore enjoying the use of communal gardens, concierge and leisure suite. The property is a larger style apartment situated on the ground floor and benefitting from direct water views and a large wrap around terrace affording excellent and usef..."
"A three bedroom detached home with a large rear garden, located at the end of a quiet cul de sac and only minutes from local amenities and transport links along Culverhouse Cross. The property is within walking distance to local primary and secondary Schools."
***THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED WITH OFF ROAD PARKING***NO CHAIN*** Brinsons of Caerphilly are delighted to offer to the market a fantastic opportunity to acquire this well presented three bedroom semi detached property with off road parking. Located close to a great range of local a...
A traditional 3 bedroom mid terrace situated on Heol Y Forlan in Whitchurch Village. The property offers exceptional potential to create a wonderful family home. Recent improvements include new carpets and the property benefits from a modern combination boiler and UPVC windows. The property brief...
"A spacious four bedroom family home in Beauchamp Street, Cardiff. Benefiting from spacious living accommodation including a separate lounge, dining and kitchen, two shower rooms, four good size bedrooms and an enclosed rear garden."
"No Onward Chain. Hern & Crabtree are pleased to present this mid terrace three-bedroom property located in close proximity to local amenities, University Hospital, Heath park and transport links into the City Centre. The house comprises lounge, dining room leading on to a large kitchen complete w..."
"This beautifully presented, generous-sized home is situated within a rarely-available cul-de-sac, located with a short-stroll of the vibrant bars, shops & waterside attractions of 'The Bay', plus local schools and amenities, in an popular area with FTB's & families alike."
"A spacious three bedroom semi-detached 1940's house in a delightful rural setting with green fields to the front and countryside to the rear. Exceptional living space with private parking and large rear gardens, available with early possession, see inside."
"A much loved, extended, three bedroom semi detached home occupying this substantial plot. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, bathroom, living/dining room and modern kitchen on the ground floor and to the first floor are three bedrooms. To the outside is a driveway leading to a garage fro..."
"David's Homes present an attractive development opportunity within close proximity of Cardiff City Centre. This freehold property, with a prominent corner position, consists of a generous ground floor shop unit circa 1500sqft, a spacious two bedroom apartment and a rear outbuilding that has..."
"*** Guide Price: £300,000 to £310,000 *** NO CHAIN!!! - DETACHED BUNGALOW - 2-BEDROOMS - BAY FRONTED - 18ft SPACIOUS LOUNGE - KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM - MODERN BATHROOM SUITE - REAR LANE ACCESS - GARAGE - ENCLOSED FRONT GARDEN & A SOUTH FACING ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN - CLOSE TO SHOPS / AME..."
"A deceptively spacious three bedroom mid-terrace family home situated within walking distance of Llanishen Village, Schools and Public Transport. The property benefits from a kitchen/dining room, two reception rooms, a good size rear garden and spacious drive for off road parking."
This a fantastic opportunity to acquire a substantial block of apartments with the scope to redevelop into multiple units (subject to the necessary planning). Located within a short stroll to the vibrant City Centre and the amenities on offer in Roath!
"A THREE BEDROOM END TERRACED home positioned in the popular location of PONTPRENNAU and within a short drive to Cardiff Gate and A48/M4 access. The property briefly comprises hall, downstairs WC, lounge/diner, fitted kitchen, three bedrooms and bathroom. Viewing Recommended!"
"A traditional double bay fronted mid terraced home set in the sought-after location of CATHAYS, Cardiff. The property is within walking distance of local shops, schools and bus routes. The property further benefits from having a 5 person occupancy License and no onward chain. And, unlike..."
"Being Sold by YOPA Online Auction. Starting Bids from £300,000. Buy it now option available
Please call or visit YOPA Online Auctions for more information
Being Sold by Online Auction
Buy-it-Now option available
Buyer’s fees apply"
If you love Grangetown then you are going to love this bay fronted home on Clare Road. It would be ideal for a family or friends looking to share as there are three bedrooms and three reception rooms
ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE IN ST MELLONS? Then look no further. This four bedroom detached house is located on a quiet cul-de-sac and has a good condition throughout the property. 
"Deceptively larger than average three bedroom detached family home located in a private Cul De Sac in St Mellons, Cardiff East. Featuring the added bonus of a converted garage, conservatory and loft room. Call Darlows on !"
"No Chain. Nicholson Webb Close is a small no-through road in Danescourt, a suburb approximately 4 miles north west of Cardiff. This well-cared-for semi-detached house offers excellent scope to improve and extend if desired. The property that retains much of the original build design offers large ..."
"A spacious three bedroom semi detached family home in Broadhaven, Canton. Benefiting from an entrance hall, spacious lounge, dining room and kitchen, three good size bedrooms, family bathroom and a good size enclose private rear garden."
"A Spacious Detached Bungalow Set In A Prime Location, Near The Heart Of Whitchurch Village. We're delighted to offer for sale this unique property, benefiting from a wealth of internal accommodation and pleasant gardens"
"We are delighted to present to market this well presented three bedroom semi-detached family home, ideally situated in a quiet close in the popular area of Pontprennau, within local school catchment and close proximity to all local amenities, public transport for city centre, as well as being sho..."
"WIth its elevated and enviable panoramic water views across Cardiff Bay, this lovely two double bedroom apartment is offfered with NO CHAIN. Located on the 17th floor it boasts an open plan living/kitchen space with picture windows, two parking spaces and is immaculately presented throughout."
"Fully loaded with charm and tradition is this fantastic three bedroom, single bay fronted semi detached home. This is a perfect family home that has to be viewed to be appreciated as it features a beautiful ground floor extension. Call Darlows on "
A rare opportunity to purchase a two bedroom first floor retirement apartment situated at the end of the development with the use of a 'walk out' balcony overlooking landscaped communal gardens situated within a few hundred yards of Llanishen village and public transport with no ongoing chain.
"A deceptively spacious three bedroom end of terrace family home situated within walking distance of Llanishen Village, Schools and Public Transport. The property benefits from a kitchen, two reception rooms, a good size rear garden and spacious four parking space to the front."
"A rare chance to purchase a detached home in Canton. This bay-fronted home has lots to love, including two bedrooms, an upstairs bathroom, two reception rooms, kitchen, utility, and cloakroom. The house is complemented by a lovely garden that is at a slight angle to the street, affording more pri..."
"This three bedroom home is being offered to the the market with no onwards chain Located in the popular area of Roath, set back from Albany Road and within access of the university sites and great transport links to the city"
"*** NO CHAIN *** NO CLADDING ISSUES - EWS1 CERTIFIED (B1) EVIDENCE AVAILABLE ***
Hayes Apartments, The Hayes, Cardiff, CF10 | Pristine 2 bedroom luxury apartment | Easy walking distance to shops, train station, restaurants etc. | Beautiful views of the city"
"This stunning first floor apartment is located in this historic building and is part of a prestigious gated development in the heart of Pontcanna. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, good size living room with open plan kitchen, two bedrooms, en suite bathroom and shower room. ..."
"A three bedroom detached home located in a desirable location on the edge of Cyncoed. The property comprises an entrance hallway, a lounge, a fitted kitchen, dining room and a conservatory. To the first floor there are three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Externally there is a driveway providing..."
"This bay-fronted mid-terraced home is in a highly popular area of Paget Street, Grangetown. Well-situated for near-by Grange Pavilion at Grange Gardens, local Primary Schools and within walking distance to the City Centre and Cardiff Bay"
"Peter Alan are proud to present this well kept Semi-Detached 3 bedroom family home located on Broad Street, with driveway parking along with on street permit parking this property is the ideal family home"
"Stunning two bedroom apartment located in a great position on Cathedral Road in Pontcanna, within walking distance to Cardiff City Centre and within close proximity to Pontcanna fields. This must see property benefits from an open plan kitchen/living room and allocated parking."
" *CORNER PLOT* *GARAGE* *ROOFTOP TERRACE* *NO CHAIN*
Situated in the popular area of Michaelston, with easy access to commuting links to the city centre, Barry, the M4 we are delighted to offer this great opportunity to purchase this spacious three bedroom corner plot home! The accommodation brie..."
"In a central Canton location and within walking distance of Cowbridge Road is this neatly presented three bedroom mid-terrace property. The property offers great space.. Internally the property offers three downstairs reception rooms with bay-fronted lounge with feature fireplace, a second, middl..."
Are you looking for a turn key type new home? Then look no further than this stunning three bedroom home!
This property is a 3 bedroom Semi-Detached family home located on Grand Avenue. This property is the perfect first time buyer home/family home and would also make a great investment
"A larger style three bedroom end of terrace house located on this quiet no through road close to Waungron Park and Tran Station in Fairwater. Tastefully presented throughout by the current owners, the accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Modern Fitted Kitchen and C..."
"** THREE BEDROOM TRADITIONAL SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** LARGE CORNER PLOT ** NO CHAIN ** A bright and spacious, traditional three bedroom semi detached family home, located in a convenient location close to transport links and local amenities. Entrance hallway, cloakroom, bay fronted lounge, sp..."
**RECENTLY REFURBISHED TO HIGH STANDARD**THREE BEDROOMS**LARGE GARDEN**DRIVEWAY & GARAGE**MODERN LIVING**GREAT FAMILY HOME**DESIRABLE LOCATION**Leanne Kent Property are pleased to bring to the market this recently refurbished three-bedroom semi-detached property in Rumney.
"*BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT WITH PARKING AND GARDEN* MGY are delighted to bring to market this immaculately presented two bedroom, ground floor apartment in the highly sought after area of Pontcanna. The accommodation briefly comprises lounge, separate kitchen, two bedrooms and..."
OAC offer a two bedroom retirement apartment in the heart of Llanishen. The apartment is tucked away in the corner for further privacy.
"Watts & Morgan are delighted to market this beautifully presented, spectacular third floor two bedroom apartment located in the highly desirable Bayscape. Situated in the heart of Cardiff Bay with spectacular views over Cardiff and the Marina. Conveniently located to Cardiff City Centre and t..."
" This modern three bedroom end of terraced family home, is situated on the sought-after heritage development on the periphery of St. Fagans, built by Charles Church homes in 2018. The property sits at the edge of the development bordering onto woodland. The well presented accommodation comp..."
"**INCREDIBLE OPPORTUNITY IN THE HEART OF LLANDAFF** MGY are delighted to bring to market this end of link house in the sought after area of Llandaff. 'Clarke's Yard' has been redeveloped into modern day living within walking distance to well regarded schools, Llandaff Village, the Cathedral and L..."
"A glorious waterside residence, immaculately appointed throughout and set within one of Cardiff Bay's newest developments. Perfectly positioned to enjoy views over the River Ely, you'll enjoy sensational summer sunsets from your private balcony. Suppose you prefer a little more hustle an..."
"Maison are proud to present a Ground Floor Apartment, situated in the heart of Pontcanna. Pontcanna is a vibrant area with the opportunity to visit local coffee-shops, bars, boutiques, restaurants and parklands all within a short walking distance. This beautiful and spacious apartment offers a f..."
"£299,000, Four Bedroom Mid Terrace House with Enclosed Garden in Corporation Road, Grangetown, Cardiff, CF11 7AU"
"Located in the heart of Grangetown this former hair salon with accommodation above is now used solely as a residential property but offers the flexibility of being used for a number of purposes subject to planning, including a live/work space. The building comprises of six rooms as well as a kitc..."
"Located on the quiet and well-located Armoury Drive, Heath is this fantastic development opportunity, sat within close proximity to the range of amenities that Birchgrove, Rhiwbina and Thornhill have to offer. This sizeable three-bedroom town-house is waiting for a buyer to come and make home,..."
"We are delighted to present to market this stylish three bedroom executive apartment of generous proportions, which has been adapted and updated for luxury contemporary living. Located on the sixth floor with lift access, the property boasts a large balcony offering wonderful views over Cardi..."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire a three double bedroom apartment sixth floor apartment in the heart of Cardiff City Centre that has the added bonus of being offered to market with no onward chain. Contact us today to arrange your viewing appointment. 
"A tastefully presented, and homely three bedroom semi-detached house with a generous rear garden, summer house and off street parking is located on Llanbedr Road, Fairwater"
"JeffreyRoss are pleased to bring to the market this impressive investment opportunity that further benefits planning for 4 x 1 bedroom apartments. (Planning number - 18/01151/MNR) the property is currently split into 2 apartments, ground floor is a two bedroom apartment with modern fitted kitchen..."
"This three bedroom family home is located in Llanrumney, close to amenities and with great transport links nearby to the A48 and M4. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, dining room and kitchen to the ground floor. to the first floor there are three bedrooms, a bathroom and separa..."
"Modern Three bedroom mid terraced home located in sought after Thornhill, Cardiff. This beautifully presented property has a large lounge / dining room, modern kitchen and a fabulous conservatory with underfloor heating leading to private garden. Three bedrooms, modern bathroom . Driveway for 2 cars"
"Plot 104 - NEW RELEASE! A WELL DESIGNED THREE BED SEMI DETACHED HOME WITH PARKING AND GARDEN. FITTED WITH ELECTRIC VEHICLE CHARGER, SOLAR PANELS AND A BATTERY TO STORE GENERATED ELECTRICITY. GROUND SOURCE HEAT PUMP COMPLETES THIS ENERGY SAVING EQUIPMENT. CALL FOR INFO"
"This bay fronted home is located in the sought after Pembroke Road in Canton and would be ideal for a first time buyer. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, living/dining room, kitchen and bathroom which is refurbished 2021 on the ground floor and there are three double bedrooms..."
"***Chain Free*** Located in Northlands, Rumney this semi detached house benefits from having two reception rooms, three bedrooms, kitchen, large garden and a driveway. close to local amenities and perfect for a growing family. Call to secure your viewing."
Beautifully finished one bedroom new build apartment with bespoke finishing located in the highly desirable Pontcanna area.
"*** Offers Over £290,000 . This stylish and well presented three double bedroom family home comprising of entrance hall, open plan lounge / dining Room, lovely open plan kitchen / breakfast room, three double bedrooms and first floor bathroom as well as a low maintenance rear garden. Situated in..."
"This handsome bay-fronted residence is located on the highly-desirable Brook Street, situated within seconds of the banks of the River Taff, Canton bridge and the City Centre. This wonderful home offers accommodation spread over 1100 SqFt and sold with no chain."
"A deceptively spacious three double bedroom terrace home with a modernised kitchen/diner and bathroom, a 16 ft main bedroom, large rear garden and parking for three cars to the front, situated within walking distance of Llanishen village."
"*Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom mid terrace house in Llanishen* This stylish and well presented property offers modernised ground floor living accommodation, three good size bedrooms, rear garden with patio and decked sitting areas, and driveway. MUST BE VIEWED."
"**** GREAT FAMILY HOME WITH SPACE THROUGHOUT *** On a great plot with larger garden and double width driveway, modern kitchen /diner, handy ground floor toilet, south west facing rear garden all in sought after area of Rumney. Easy access to wide range of local amenities and transport ***"
"Look no further than this spacious three bedroom home, occupying an enviable corner plot with double gated entry and offering lots of potential to further extend. The property has been greatly improved by the current owners and is ideally located in a quiet road, close to amenities, local school..."
"This bay fronted home is located in the sought after Pembroke Road in Canton and would be ideal for a first time buyer.The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, living/dining room, kitchen and bathroom which is refurbished 2021 on the ground floor and there are three double bedrooms and shower ..."
"The perfect AirBnB Investment Property! Located within minutes of Cardiff city centre & Cardiff Bay area is this recently renovated building, offering in excess of 1200 SqFt of accommodation, spread over three floors. Potential yield in excess of 10%!"
To Be Sold With No Chain! - The property is nestled among beautiful character properties and is complimented with stunning period features including high ceilings and original floors throughout.
"A recently built deceptively spacious modern three double bedroom town home situated in the popular semi-rural location of Capel Llaniltern, excellent transport links to the M4, Radyr and Cardiff City Centre. Must be viewed to be fully appreciated."
"**IMMACULATE CITY CENTRE APARTMENT* NO CHAIN** MGY are pleased to present for sale a seventh floor, two bedroom apartment within the popular city centre development, Hayes Apartments. The spacious accommodation comprises of entrance hall to lounge/diner and modern fitted kitchen, bathroom and two..."
"An imposing, well presented three bedroom bay fronted home. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, bay fronted living room with a log burner, dining room and kitchen on the ground floor and to the first floor are three bedrooms and a bathroom. To the outside is a newly paved driveway and a c..."
"Situated in an elevated position with a private aspect and surrounding views is this three bedroom semi-detached home offering spacious accommodation for a growing family. There is a private rear garden, good off road parking and no ongoing chain. Close to Llanishen village amenities."
"A spacious double bay fronted three bedroom semi-detached house positioned in a quiet cul-de-sac has plenty of charm and character. Located in the sort after Ludlow Close, Grangetown and close to Cardiff Bay and the City Centre"
"FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY | 3 Bed HMO | Let at £1,200.00 Per Month | Potential Four Bed Let | Three Double Bedrooms | Open Plan Living Room / Dining Room | Kitchen / Breakfast Room | Bathroom & Separate Toilet | Rear Garden | No Chain"
"This three bedroom family home offers so much room for the growing family, located in the popular location of Roath Cardiff this property is being sold with no chain and comprises of three reception rooms and three bedrooms. Like what you see, call the sales team today"
"Guide Price £290,000 - £300,000** Three Bedrooms **** Ensuite Shower Room **** Downstairs WC **** Good Sized Rear Garden **** Off Road Parking x2 **  The Malvern Style home is set on the VERY popular Redrow Development in Cae St Faga..."
"An Exceptionally Well-Presented End Of Terrace House, Set In A Popular Location Within Easy Reach Of Amenities In Llanishen And Heath. We are pleased to offer for sale this stunning property, with high standard of finish, generous rooms and delightful rear gardens."
"A stunning spacious two bedroom apartment with panoramic views across Cardiiff Bay. Private fifth floor balcony approached from both the bedroom and the lounge. Two luxury contemporary bathrooms, undercover car parking space, 999 year lease, available with no chain."
A three bedroom end-terrace house set up as a HMO with individual kitchens and bathrooms. The property would ideally suit an investment buyer looking to continue use as a HMO.
"Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac within walking distance of schools, shops and public transport, an immaculately presented three bedroom mid terrace home benefitting from a refurbished kitchen with integrated appliances, a luxury shower room, private rear garden and off road parking."
"Fishguard road is a particularly popular area with families and first time buyers due to its location, a short walk from Coed Glas Primary School, Llanishen village and Ty Glas Retail park with facilities such as a Marks and Spencers supermarket, Boots, Homesense furniture store and gym and cafes."
"Located in a quiet cul de sac and benefiting from having fantastic views across the channel is this extended three bedroom semi detached house in South View Drive, Rumney. With plenty of room for all the family and offered to the market with no onward chain. Perfect first home or the growing family."
"LAUNCH DAY AT FULL CAPACITY - PLEASE CALL TO SECURE YOUR SPOT ON THE VIP RESERVE LIST *** Guide Price: £290,000 to £300,000 *** IMMACULATE & MODERN 3-BED SEMI-DETACHED SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME - YOU CAN MOVE STRAIGHT IN AS THE DECOR THROUGHOUT IS TO A VERY HIGH STANDARD - OPEN-PLAN KI..."
"Very well presented three bedroom end of terrace property in the ever popular area of Pontprennau, Cardiff. The home offers modern accommodation throughout and is to be sold with no onwards chain. The home benefits from a log cabin to the rear ideal for a home office, studio or gym. Offering a li..."
"Well presented Three bedroom end terrace family home in the popular Llanishen area of Cardiff. This property has three double bedrooms, large open plan kitchen/diner and a large lounge with off street parking and low maintenance gardens. UPVC double glazing and Gas Central Heating."
"**NO CHAIN**A stylish semi-detached three bedroom home located in Picca Close, Wenvoe. Built in 2017 with a 10 year NHBC guarantee and benefiting from off road parking, entrance hall, lounge, kitchen diner, three good size bedrooms, family bathroom, en-suite shower room and landscaped rear garden."
*Very well presented three bed mid terrace family home in Llanishen* Edwards & Co are delighted to offer for sale this spacious family home with generous garden and off road driveway parking for multiple vehicles. MUST BE VIEWED
"Investment Opportunity! This traditional bay-fronted mid-terrace dwelling has been converted into two self-contained apartments currently generating £17,400 per annum. "
An immaculately presented 4-bedroom end terrace family home which has been much improved and extended by the current owners. The property is situated in a popular residential location within proximity to local amenities and public transport links.
A rare opportunity to purchase this 2-bedroom first floor retirement apartment within walking distance to Llanishen Village and its wide range of amenities and transport links.
"JeffreyRoss are pleased to present this impressively sized 3 bedroom semi detached family home on this popular road in Llanishen. The property briefly comprises entrance hallway, principle reception room open plan modern fitted kitchen and breakfast/dining area. To the first floor are three great..."
"**SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE** MGY are pleased to offer for sale a spacious Semi-Detached house, situated within the popular Grangetown area. Walking distance to Cardiff City Centre, Cardiff Bay and local amenities. The accommodation briefly comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, conservatory, clo..."
"A well presented three bedroom detached property situated in popular village location with two reception areas, modern fitted kitchen and modern first floor shower room. Further benefits from gas heating, double glazing, rear garden, roof garden and integral garage. Internal viewing is recommended."
"A tastefully presented three bedroom end of terrace house set on a corner plot, located over looking the green open space in this popular location in Danescourt. The accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, Lounge opening into the Dining Room and Fitted Kitchen to the ground floor. To the ..."
"**THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Martin & Co are pleased to offer this beautifully presented, three bedroom family home in the popular new St Edeyrns development. The property briefly comprises of an entrance hallway, good size living room and alluring kitchen diner w..."
"Stunning presentation throughout with many upgrades by the current owners and offered with NO CHAIN, this Redrow new build is just over one year old and situated on the popular Cwrt Sant Ioan development in Radyr. Generous proportions in the Afon Conwy style property with en-suite shower rooms to..."
"A strikingly beautiful apartment in immaculate order that retains the essence of a magnificent period building even after being transformed as part of a recent restoration project. This breathtaking apartment is beautifully presented, benefiting from shutters and personal touches that enhance..."
"Northwood are delighted to introduce this delightful three bedroom semi-detached property to the market. Situated in Pen-y-Lan, a popular area for any couples or families who are looking to settle down or reside at a location that benefits from being a multitude of advantage points. Whether th..."
"David's Homes are delighted to offer for sale this semi-detached bungalow situated in the well-regarded Cyncoed locale. The property comprises 2 bedrooms, lounge, kitchen and bathroom. The property has also has front and rear gardens, a driveway, and garage. Would ideally benefit from modernisation."
No Chain! Rarely available! This spacious and superbly positioned upper ground floor garden apartment is one of only a few two double bedroom apartments available on this complex. With a private patio area and views of the beautifully landscaped gardens to the rear of a modern and exclusive comp...
" A charming two bedroom mid terrace house which is offered to the market with no onward chain. Ideally located and within a few minutes walk from Hailey Park, the Taff Trail, Llandaff North train station and the vibrant villages of Llandaff North & Whitchurch. The current owner has maintained..."
This well presented three bedroom detached house in the St. Mellons area of Cardiff is ideal for a family or anyone looking for their first home. This must be seen so call now to book your viewing!
"Beautiful two-bedroom ground floor apartment in Llandaff, just a short walk to The Cathedral Green and Llandaff high street with its many amenities. This impressive property benefits from LVT wood effect flooring, a luxury fitted kitchen, two great sized double bedrooms and a stunning bathroom."
**NO CHAIN**SIX BEDROOM TERREACE**THREE RECEPTION ROOMS**KITCHEN**FAMILY BATHROOM**ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN**PARKING TO REAR**CLOSE PROXIMITY TO A WIDE RANGE OF FACILITIES AND AMENITIES**PUBLIC TRANSPORT LINKS**Pinkmove are delighted to offer this spacious terraced family home situated within the popula
"Agreed are delighted to offer for sale this substantial three bedroom semi-detached house situated in the delightful town of Cardiff. The property is within walking distance of local schools and amenities. Offering two reception rooms and two bathrooms, the property benefits from having gas centr..."
"Calling all investors/landlords. Excellent investment opportunity to acquire this well maintained and modern first floor apartment with tenant in situ. 6 month tenancy signed in January 2023 providing currently £900 per calendar month. On-site facilities include concierge, electric gates on entry..."
"We are delighted to present to market this immaculate three bedroom family home, ideally located in a quiet close in a sought after part of the popular St. Mellons area of Cardiff, close to amenities and with easy access onto the A48/M4 arteries. This beautiful home has been greatly improved by ..."
"The Bickleigh's modern open-plan kitchen/diner, well-proportioned living room and three good-sized bedrooms mean that this 2.5 storey home is a popular choice for a growing family. The downstairs cloakroom, three storage cupboards and off-road parking make it practical as well as stylish."
"The extremely popular Hanbury is a three-bedroom family home with a bright and modern open-plan kitchen/diner which has French doors leading into the garden. The downstairs WC, three handy storage cupboards and an en suite to bedroom one mean it ticks all the boxes for practical family living."
"Lovely two bedroom apartment located in an amazing location in Pontcanna with outstanding views over Llandaff fields.This property has a light & airy spacious living room & diner, modern kitchen, two double bedrooms, bathroom, garage and an outdoor living space with dual access onto a balcony."
"* OPEN HOUSE SATURDAY FEBRUARY 11th AM. VIEWING STRICTLY BY APPOINTMENT * Very well presented with two double bedrooms, single garage and driveway parking for two cars. Positioned in a quiet cul de sac this two bedroom semi detached property THE PERFECT STARTER HOME. Within walking distance to Wh..."
"We are delighted to present to market this fabulous four bedroom family home, ideally situated on a generous corner plot in the sought after area of Pentwyn, close to amenities, schools and public transport links, as well as being ideally placed for easy access to the M4 and A48 arteries. This ..."
"**Double Garage**Large Rear Garden** If you are looking for a lovely family home with spacious living accommodation, look no further! Just minutes walk of local shops, bus routes and schools, this home must be viewed internally to be appreciated!"
"This family home benefits from off road parking for multiple vehicles, a bedroom, modern fitted kitchen, lounge and dining room to the ground floor, three good size bedrooms and a family bathroom to the first floor and a converted loft with two double bedrooms."
"A four bedroom HMO property. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, bay fronted communal living room, bedroom/reception room with original fireplace and modern kitchen with utility room on the ground floor and to the first floor are three further bedrooms, bathroom and shower room. To the out..."
"*** Guide Price: £280,000 to £299,950 *** NO CHAIN!!! 4-BEDROOMS - 2/3 RECEPTION ROOMS - CLOAKROOM/W.C - MODERN KITCHEN - ATTRACTIVE & ENCLOSED GARDENS - BRICK-PAVED DRIVEWAY - uPVC D/G WINDOWS & GAS C/H - EPC RATING = D. FREEHOLD. MR HOMES are very pleased to Offer FOR SALE thi..."
"Darlows of Rumney are pleased to present this great three bedroom semi detached family home located on Brachdy Road, Rumney. This property would make a superb family home and is being sold with the added bonus of NO CHAIN AND PLANNING PERMISSION FOR A DOUBLE STOREY EXTENSION!!!!"
"*** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £280,000- MID TERRACE PROPERTY- LIVING/KITCHEN ROOM- DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM - THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS- FAMILY BATHROOM - SPACIOUS GARDEN - GARAGE- SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION *** New to the open market with MR Homes Estate Agents, is this stylish and well presented Mid te..."
"No Chain! Set on this quiet cul de sac in the popular area of Danescourt is this light and spacious three bedroom semi-detached house. Very much a blank canvas for the next occupier to put their stamp on, the accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, Lounge opening into the Dining Room and ..."
"This stunning traditional semi-detached house, has recently undergone an extensive renovation giving the property a sense of splendour and comfort. The property comprises a lovely welcoming hallway, with access to the lounge/dining room, kitchen, 3 bedrooms and family bathroom."
"Traditional bay-fronted family home located in a popular location within easy reach of local parks, schools, amenities, and easy reach of the City Centre. This property has been beautifully maintained and presented by the present vendors and is highly recommended for viewing!"
Beautifully finished one bedroom new build apartment with bespoke finishing located in the highly desirable Pontcanna area.This stunning property is located less than a mile from the city centre and comes with a share of the freehold.
"***GUIDE PRICE - 280,000 - 290,000***This detached family home presented to the market in excellent order throughout and benefits from being tucked away in a quiet cul de sac in the popular area of Old St Mellons, close to local amenities and including shops, schools, and restaurants."
"Guide Price £280,000 TO £290,000**NO CHAIN**SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME**THREE BEDROOMS**OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINER**LIVING ROOM**AMPLE STORAGE***FAMILY BATHROOM**ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN**DRIVEWAY**Pinkmove are pleased to present this beautifully presented three bedroom semi-detached property, s"
"A very well presented traditional THREE BEDROOM semi detached bay fronted family home set in the popular location of RUMNEY within walking distance of local amenities and easy access to local schools, bus routes and shops. An ideal family home with internal viewing recommended!"
INTERNAL VIEWING IS A MUST! This 4 bedroom home situated minutes walk from park and close to City Centre has been extended and updated! There is an integrated garage with driveway.
NO CHAIN - Three bedroom family home in popular location. Lot's of LIVING SPACE throughout with two reception rooms and KITCHEN / DINER. Enclosed GARDEN and GARAGE to the rear. Viewings by appointment only - call today to arrange!!
"*** Guide Price: £280,000 *** NO CHAIN!!! CASH BUYERS ONLY - INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - 6 ROOMS - MID-TERRACE PROPERTY - FREEHOLD LOCATED IN A MOST SOUGHT AFTER PART OF CANTON - EARLY VIEWING VERY HIGHLY RECOMMENDED - PLEASE CALL US ON  - Viewings by Appointment...."
"**NO CHAIN** We are delighted to present to market this fantastic three double bedroom family home with no onward chain, ideally situated in the sought after St. Edeyrn's Village in Old St. Mellons, convenient for local amenities, UHW and with close proximity to the M4 and A48 links. There is a s..."
"Darlows Estate Agents are proud to announce this stunning 3 bed duplex property located just off of Cathedral Road, this property is spacious throughout and has recently had all walls repainted and new Carpet throughout"
"A recently renovated three bedroom semi detached family home in Cyntwell Avenue, giving a huge amount of potential to extend and put your own stamp on it yet finished off to a high standard. Within walking distance to local primary and secondary schools and from local transport links are M4, A48 etc"
"A traditional bay fronted end terraced home situated in the popular location of SPLOTT, with original features, within walking distance of local amenities and within easy access to Cardiff City Centre and the A48/M4 access corridor. The property further benefits from enclosed rear garden."
"The Greyfriars is a three-bedroom home boasting a spacious open-plan kitchen/breakfast room and dining/family room. The first-floor living room has a Juliet balcony, and the three bedrooms are all doubles - with bedroom one including an en suite. There’s also a bathroom and two storage cupboards."
This 3 bedroom townhouse is located in Pontprennau and is currently tenanted as a 4 bedroom HMO. 
"A four bedroom LET (application in process with council to obtain a HMO license for 4 occupants). The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, bay fronted bedroom/reception room, dining room, sitting room and kitchen on the ground floor and to the first floor are three double bedrooms and a bathro..."
"Tucked away within one of Pontcanna's secret hideaways, this charming residence is set with a quaint cul-de-sac, steeped in local history, just a stone's throw from all of the independent local amenities, eateries, and parks that this fantastic area has to offer..."
"**IDEAL FAMILY HOME**THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED**GREAT ACCESS TO M4 MOTORWAY**WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL AMENITIES**CONSERVATORY**GARAGE/OFFICE** We are pleased to bring this spacious 3 bedroom semi-detached property in the sought after Llanover Road, Culverhouse cross. Located with easy commuti..."
"A spacious three bedroom end terrace family home, ideally situated within walking distance of Llanishen village, in catchment for some of Cardiffs most desirable schools and benefitting from great transport links.The property boasts a large reception room with patio doors leading to a mature gard..."
"This stunning, four bedroom, townhouse set in the popular location of St Mellons is not to be missed. The property is finished to a high standard throughout and would make a perfect family home. Call today"
"A two bedroom extended semi-detached bungalow situated in a cul-de-sac on a large corner plot with good off road parking. Situated close to public transport, shops and local schools."
"£275,000, Three Bedroom Double Bay Fronted End of Terrace House with Enclosed Garden in Chester Place, Grangetown, Cardiff, CF11 6PX"
It's time to make those interior design dreams a reality. Having partly undergone a renovation this three bedroom double bay fronted house is ready to be finished off exactly how you want it
"A bay fronted four bedroom home. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, bay fronted living room, sitting room, dining room and kitchen on the ground floor and to the first floor are four bedrooms and a bathroom. To the outside is an enclosed rear garden. In need renovation and being sold wit..."
"**Three Bedroom Family Home** We are delighted to offer this great opportunity in the ever popular Roath, Cardiff. This three bedroom semi-detached homes is currently tenanted achieving £1100pcm with the current tenants. The property consists of entrance into living room, open pla (cont.)"
"This mid terraced home is located on the popular Anglesey Street in Canton. Inside has a modern look that is sure to appeal to first time buyers looking for a place to move straight into. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, living room, dining room and kitchen on the ground flo..."
"IMMACULATELY PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM PROPERTY WITH THE ADDED BONUS OF AN EXTENSIVE CONSERVATORY, IT WOULD MAKE A LOVELY FAMILY HOME, LOCATED IN A SOUGHT AFTER RESIDENTIAL AREA OF ST MELLONS;"
Immaculate three-bedroom semidetached family home with garage
Spacious and modern three bedroom apartment in a fantastic position with private balcony to rear with optimum space throughout with over 23 foot of reception space. Concierge in operation 24/7 upon entrance and serviced lift for access and allocated car parking space to the first floor. Must see!
"INVESTORS ONLY: Fantastic Investment Opportunity! Two great size apartments sold as one Freehold unit with tenants in situ, situated in the popular Splott area of Cardiff. Ideal location being within walking distance to the City Centre and with excellent transport links. Close to the A48 link to ..."
"HOUSE + DOUBLE STOREY WORKSHOP/ GARAGE A two bedroom end terrace house, with adjoin double storey garage/ Storage unit to side. Located in the popular Roath area of Cardiff, this is a great opportunity for someone who may have a business, or requires a garage/ storage. There is also ..."
"**SEMI DETACHED HOUSE*NO CHAIN** An opportunity to acquire a spacious three bedroom semi detached house, situated in this sought after location close to local amenities at Canton, Leckwith and City Centre. The spacious accommodation comprises of entrance hall, living/dining room, separate kitchen..."
"Modern newly built home situated conveniently for road links, this Three Bedroom semi detached property is ready to be your home. The welcoming entrance hall gives access to the first floor and living space. Large master suite with en-suite shower along with two further bedrooms. "
"**FANTASTIC CITY CENTRE APARTMENT* IMMACULATELY PRESENTED* NO CHAIN** MGY are pleased to present for sale an immaculately presented two bedroom, fifteenth floor apartment, located in the popular Altolusso development. The development boasts a fantastic position, in the heart of the city centre, w..."
NOTHING BUT IDEAL!! ** OPEN HOUSE ON THE 25TH FEBRUARY! **
"Beautiful two-bedroom Townhouse in Llandaff, just a short walk to The Cathedral Green and Llandaff high street with its many amenities. This impressive property benefits from LVT wood effect flooring, a luxury fitted kitchen, a stunning bathroom and access to private turfed outdoor amenity space"
"This truly stunning fourth floor two bedroom luxury apartment designed with versatile city centre living, superb landscaped communal gardens, a private residents car park located on the third level of St Davids, two high quality John Lewis supplied bathrooms, and a 23 FT open plan kitchen & lounge."
"**THREE BEDROOM HOME** Martin & Co are pleased to offer this generous semi-detached town house. Situated in the very popular new development of St Edeyrn's this property would make the ideal first time purchase or investment. The ground floor offers a spacious reception room, downstairs WC an..."
"hoskinsmorgan Are Pleased To Offer For Sale This Delightful Two Double Bedroom Mid Terrace House Situated At This Very Popular Location Being Within A Stones Throw Of The Lovely Victoria Park. The Property Has An Extended Kitchen, Open Plan Style Lounge Dining Room The Aforementioned Bedrooms, La..."
"Beautifully maintained and situated within the beating heart of Cardiff City Centre, this modern third-floor apartment overlooks the hustle and bustle of The Hayes, perfectly positioned to soak up the action and atmosphere that the Welsh capital has to offer..."
"A three bedroom semi detached home. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, wc, kitchen, spacious living room and conservatory on the ground floor and to the first floor is the master bedroom with en suite shower room, a double bedroom, single bedroom and a bathroom. To the outside is a drivew..."
An opportunity to purchase a freehold plot of land situated in a sought after location in the heart of Whitchurch village. The plot has the benefit of full planning permission to build a detached dwelling. Further information available upon request. 
"A modern, spacious, freehold, centrally heated mid terraced house in this popular position benefiting from a double garage. No Chain."
"**Ideal for first time buyers** OR Great investment property with high rental return **
Spacious two bedroom mid terrace property with large garage plus rear driveway for two cars. The home sits itself within walking distance to Whitchurch village offering a range of shops and cafe's, along with ..."
"*NO CHAIN* *END TERRACE* *3 BEDROOMS* *ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN*
New to market, we are pleased to bring this much loved home located in sought after Fairwater. This property has been well maintained by its previous owners, making it the perfect blank canvas, ideal for investors or first time buyers r..."
"IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED APARTMENT RIGHT IN THE HEART OF MERMAID QUAY WITH ALLOCATED PARKING, PRIVATE BALCONY AND NO CHAIN THIS PROPERTY IS FOR YOU. CURRENTLY FOR CASH BUYERS ONLY. Taylors are delighted to offer for sale this beautiful two double bedroom top floor apar..."
OAC offer this 3 bedroom semi-detached family home situated on a very popular road in Thornhill with an open day on Saturday 15th March
"*** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION *** Lovely family home on good size plot, designed for ease of maintenance. With an elevated position with pleasant view from large windows. Spacious rooms and exteneded kitchen providing plenty of contemporary living space *** Off road parking for multiple vehicles ***"
"*NO CHAN* *SEMI-DETACHED* *3 BEDROOMS* *OFF-ROAD PARKING*
Located in this ever popular street of Bwlch Road, Fairwater. Fortis are proud to offer to market this no chain three bedroom semi-detached property. The accommodation briefly comprises of two reception rooms downstairs, kitchen, three be..."
A beautifully presented three bedroom family home in Pentrebane. 
"Book your viewing on this three bedroom property situated in the sought after area of Rumney!!! Do not miss this fantastic opportunity! This is a great example of a three bedroom, semi detached house. An early viewing is essential as it will not be available for long"
"Located in a quiet area in the sought-after Llanedeyrn, this is the perfect family property with extra space to grow into. With a range of schools, shops and amenities nearby, excellent bus routes and easy access to transport links, this property could be just what you are looking for! T..."
No Chain! An excellent opportunity to purchase this three bedroom semi-detached property located on Fairways Crescent in Fairwater. This much loved family home is ready for a new buyer to make their own with the endless potential
"Immaculately presented three bedroom semi detached property in Old St. Mellons. Located within a desirable area of Cardiff, the property offers easy access to a wide range of local amenities including popular shops and supermarkets. As well as offering excellent local transport and road links, t..."
Well presented three bedroom family home located within the heart of Rumney Village with its vast array of local amenities. Excellent transport links into the City Centre. Easy access to the A48/M4 links. Close to local parks and walks. The property itself comprises an entrance hallway. living ro...
"YOPA is proud to present this substantial, bay-fronted, four-bedroom terrace property in the popular locality of Cathays. A fantastic investment opportunity, in need of some modernisation, but with character features, please enquire early to avoid disappointment. All Offers & Interest are invited."
"Guide Price £270,000 - £280,000. An excellent opportunity to acquire a four bedroom HMO property currently generating an income of £23,400 p/a. Offered with no onward chain. "
"No onward chain. An impressive and versatile end-terrace house placed on the corner of System Street and Eclipse Street. Just opposite Adamsdown Primary School, this period property offers versatile accommodation that would lend itself towards modernising into a family home. The prope..."
"A semi detached property, perfectly suited for any first time buyer or family looking for a great opportunity in the Llanishen area. This three bedroom property is situated on a generous private plot which offers further room for expansion - subject to planning permission. The accommodation compr..."
"*** Guide Price: £270,000 to £280,000 *** GREATLY EXTENDED (DORMER & REAR EXTENSION) - 3 STOREYS - 5-BEDROOMS - 3-RECEPTIONS - OPEN-PLAN MODERN LIVING - MOVE STRAIGHT IN - MODERNISED THROUGHOUT TO A HIGH STANDARD - CLOAKROOM/DOWNSTAIRS W.C & UTILITY CUPBOARD - RE-FITTED KITCHEN/DI..."
"A spacious two double bedroom cottage situated in the heart of Llandaff North within walking distance of shops, schools and public transport, modernised throughout with a southerly facing rear garden, There is no ongoing chain."
This well presented home would perfectly suit a growing family. Located in the sought after St. Mellons area the property has alot to offer and is close to local amenities.
"A two bedroom end of link property Ideally located on Heol Don in Whitchurch. Within walking distance of the village with its excellent amenities and public transport links and close to the popular Taff Trail. Furthermore, the highly regarded primary and secondary schools are close at hand. The p..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! A rarely available SEMI DETACHED bungalow set in the popular location of ST MELLONS within walking distance of local amenities and easy access to local schools, bus routes and shops. Cardiff City centre is easily accessible and the A48/M4 access corridor is just a short drive away."
FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME in popular location!!! TWO RECEPTION ROOMS make for plenty of living space!! Enclosed REAR GARDEN is a perfect sun trap!! Call today to arrange your viewing!
"With no onward chain this three bedroom detached house in Orchard Park is definitely one to see. With a good size rooms throughout, garage with storage area and a private garden. Within walking distance to all local amenities this is sure to tick all the boxes. Call for all the details."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - A 4/55 bedroom HMO property conveniently situated off City Road offering excellent access to a range of local amenities. £19,200 (pa) NO CHAIN."
NEXA Cardiff - One agent: One Solution. Oliver Griffiths at NEXA Cardiff is delighted to bring to the sales market a brand new two bedroom duplex maisonette close to Roath park lake and gardens with allocated parking.
"A beautifully presented first-time buy or starter home set within one of the newest developments in the area. Situated within a popular pocket of Canton, with its wide selection of independent local amenities, you'll also enjoy being close to local parks with easy reach directly onto the..."
"A good-sized three bedroom family home located in this desirable part of Fairwater. Close to all local amenities, Waun-gron park and train station. The property briefly comprises of a large bay-fronted lounge, a dining room and galley style kitchen and a downstairs w.c. There is also a large gard..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this two double bedroomed bungalow in St Mellons.
"A spacious semi-detached residence situated within the popular area of Gabalfa, boasting a great selection of local schools and excellent transport links. A perfect first-time buy or family home, you'll enjoy plentiful off-road parking as well as an extensive rear garden, a garage, and a..."
"Are you looking for your first home? Perhaps you might be downsizing or looking for an investment property. This terraced home on Lansdowne Road, could be the one. It has been enjoyed for many years by the current owners family and it is time for a new owner. "
A rare opportunity to purchase this beautifully presented 2 double bedroom home located on Mylo Griffiths Close in Danescourt. The current owner has maintained the property to the highest standards and is offered for sale for the first time since it was first constructed by Wimpey Homes in 1980. ...
"*** GUIDE PRICE OF £265,000 to £275,000- END OF TERRACE PROPERTY- LIVING/DINING ROOM - KITCHEN ROOM- ENCLOSED GARDEN WITH SIDE ACCESS- THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS- FAMILY BATHROOM - ATTIC SPACE - LARGE DRIVEWAY - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION *** New to the open market with MR Homes Estate Age..."
"No Chain! A beautifully presented two double bedroom mid-terrace house, perfectly placed on this exciting Redrow built development of stylish executive homes on the outskirts of open countryside of Cae St Fagans. With modern open plan living, this home would make a perfect first time buy or inves..."
"* NO CHAIN * ** IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS/INVESTORS ! ** MGY are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom property is the popular location of Birchgrove close to a parade of shops and amenities in Birchgrove. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall, lounge/dining room, kitchen, in..."
***POTENTIAL DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY*** Located within a close proximity to the City Centre is this end of terrace property which was formally used as an off licence. Please find previously proposed planning information from 2011. ‘Demolish existing 2 story structure and con...
"Well presented three bedroom semi detached freehold property in popular St Mellons. Close to local amenities and local schools. Excellent bus links to the City Centre. Easy access to the A48/M4 providing links to Cardiff centre and Swansea to the West, Newport, Bristol and beyond to the East. "
"Take a look at this spacious and well presented family home, situated on the ever popular Ridgeway Road. This property boasts three double bedrooms, a large living/dining room, and detached garage! The large windows to the front of this property allow you to overlook the woodland, a lovely view ..."
"INVESTMENT PROPERTY: A fully-let, well-presented, spacious, bay fronted Victorian mid-terrace property being conveniently located. Cardiff University is within easy walking distance, as is the City Centre and the University Hospital of Wales. Public transport is also close by."
"No Chain! Two double bedroom, terraced house situated in Llandaff North. Very easy walking distance to all local shops, bus stop, train station, Llandaff North & Whitchurch Village with Hailey Park & the Taff Trail close by. The Ideal first time purchase or downsize with no onward chain!"
"No Chain! A three bedroom semi-detached house located close to local shops and amenities in this popular part of Fairwater. Very much a blank canvas for the next occupier to put their stamp on, this property would make a perfect first time buy or family home! The accommodation briefly co..."
"*WELL PRESENTED THEE BED FAMILY HOME IN THORNHILL* Edwards and Co are delighted to offer for sale another fabulous property in this desirable Thornhill location. The property offers spacious living accommodation, parking and gardens. MUST BE VIEWED."
"A luxurious fifth floor apartment, affording superb panoramic views across Cardiff Bay. Offered for sale with no onward chain and would be a perfect buy for the motivated buyer. The property is situated in a particularly sought after development, previously known as 'The Wharf'..."
"JeffreyRoss are pleased to bring to the market this unique end of terrace house that has been extended to sit in approx 1,115 SQFT which makes it a sizeable home for the area and further offers flexible living given the number of receptions, ground floor bedroom and shower room downstairs. To th..."
"What A Find! This immaculate three bedroom end terrace town house set in a quiet corner of St Edeyrns Village, Old St Mellons, is looking for new owners! "
"4 Bed HMO ** Rented till summer 2023 at £1543 per month *** Arabella Street is a superbly convenient street in the heart of Roath, one of Cardiff’s most popular central boroughs. This house is located at the bottom end, near to Albany and City Road and therefore extremely well located for al..."
OAC offer an immaculate two double bedroom duplex home in a brand new development of four luxury apartments
"A rare opportunity to purchase this stunning, two bedroom, two bathroom duplex apartment. One of four apartments in this boutique development that has undergone a back to brick renovation with. The chic abode offers contemporary design and architecture throughout, two double bedrooms, boutique 'h..."
"**TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM, MID-TERRACED HOUSE IN A HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER AREA - WITH ADDITIONAL LOFT ROOM!** MGY are delighted to bring to market this two double bedroom, mid-terraced house situated on the highly desirable Ethel Street, Canton. The accommodation briefly comprises open plan lounge/diner,..."
"Open plan living on the ground floor, a hideaway bedroom with the second floor all to itself, the Moseley is a new home with great options. Young families, first-time buyers and professionals who have their eye on a potential home office, will enjoy making this flexible home their own."
"Located on this quite street in Roath is this beautiful home for sale. The property is immaculately presented inside and out, briefly, showcasing a host of original features. Briefly comprising entrance hall, lounge spacious dining room, fitted kitchen, stylish bathroom and two DOUBLE BEDROOMS. T..."
NO CHAIN! Peter Alan are proud to announce this spacious 3 Bedroom Bay fronted house located in the heart of Riverside.
"David's Homes is delighted to offer FOR SALE this spacious Four Bedroom Mid-Terrace Family Home with flexible and versatile accommodation, being presented as a 'blank canvas', ready for the new occupiers to put their own stamp on, and is ideal for first-time-buyers and families alike."
**LUXURY 8th FLOOR SPACIOUS TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM APARTMENT** Martin and Co are extremely pleased to offer to market the opportunity to acquire a City Centre two double bedroom apartment with parking and superbly positioned with an abundance of immediate surrounding amenities in nearby Queen Street....
"*NO CHAIN* *SEMI DETACHED* *SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION* *£260,000* *CALL TODAY TO BOOK YOUR VIEWING*
New to market, the perfect blank canvas, Ideal for first time buyers and families alike, this is one not to be missed!
This well-presented three-bedroom semi detached home briefly comprises entrance ha..."
"*** Guide Price: £260,000 to £270,000 *** IMMACULATE & SPACIOUS MODERN 3-BED FAMILY HOME - MOVE STRAIGHT IN - CLOSE TO FAIRWATER GREEN - 22ft LOUNGE - MODERN KITCHEN/DINER - 2nd RECEPTION ROOM - STORAGE/UTILITY - PORCH - ENCLOSED SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN - GARAGE - FREEHOLD - MR HOMES..."
"***THREE BED HMO***TENANTED UNTIL JULY 2024***POTENTIAL TO IMPROVE*** The accommodation is situated over two floors and consists of a wide receiving hallway, two receptions, kitchen, three bedrooms and large bathroom and a small utility area. Located close to all local amenitie..."
"A three bedroom mid terrace home located in the popular location of Atlas Road. The accommodation briefly comprises of two receptions rooms, large kitchen diner, utility room, enclosed private low maintenance rear garden, family bathroom and three good size bedrooms."
"NO CHAIN!! Unique four double bedroom semi detached property in Pentwyn, Benefits include four double bedrooms, modern kitchen and bathroom, wrap around garden and detached garage/garden room with bar."
"*GUIDE PRICE 260,000-270,000*Located in the popular area of St Edryns Village and offered to the market in show home condition is this beautiful town house. Benefiting from having three bedrooms, open plan living and a private garden. Close to shops, bus stops and schools. Perfect first time buy."
"Guide Price £260,000 - £270,000.
An excellent opportunity to acquire a four bedroom HMO property in the heart of Roath, CF24 that has the added bonus of being offered with no onward chain. Currently tenanted, this home is generating an approximate income of £15,000 p/a with further case to be rev..."
"This charming mid terrace property is conveniently located a short walk away from Roath Park pleasure gardens as well as the many shops, cafes and restaurants of Crwys and Whitchurch Road nearby, frequent public transport linking to Cardiff City Centre and access to the A48 nearby. Accommodation ..."
"An excellent opportunity to purchase this well presented, larger than average, end terrace property in the popular area of St Mellons. Set over three floors and boasting three double bedrooms, this highly spacious property would make an ideal family home. Situated in a quiet, favoured close, this..."
Move straight into this stunning three double bedroom townhouse located in a quiet street in St Mellons with shops and schools within walking distance. Defiantly one to see. Call to secure your viewing.
"This handsome, bay-fronted home is located on one of Cardiff's most sought-after locations, occupying a privileged position minutes away from the local shops, parks and the city-centre. This deceptively spacious abobe offers a voluminous amount of living space."
Are you looking for a modern three bedroom property in St Edeyrn's Village? Then look no further. Built last year this property is in a great condition and is ready for a new owner. If you're interested in viewing the property please call us on 
"***GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £270,000 Located in a quiet cul de sac in St Mellons and only a stones through to Hendre Lake is this three bedroom property which offers an open plan lounge/diner, kitchen, bathroom and a seperate garage. Offered to the market with no onward chain."
"*** Guide Price: £260,000 *** LARGE CORNER PLOT - A MODERN & SPACIOUS 3-BEDROOM FAMILY HOME - CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION - FREEHOLD - MR HOMES are very pleased to Offer FOR SALE this Modern 3-Bedroom Semi-Detached Spacious Family Home, comprising in brief; Entrance Hallway, Cloakroom/Downstairs W...."
"A spacious, ground floor flat in this popular block on the sought after Cyncoed Road with views of the communal gardens. No Chain."
"An investment opportunity to purchase this 5-person occupancy HMO property located just off Richmond Road, within excellent access to the Universities and within walking distance of the vibrant City Centre. Currently let at £1750 pcm."
"A beautifully decorated two bedroom mid terrace home briefly comprising open plan living, lounge/dining room, kitchen, enclosed rear garden, two double bedrooms and modern family bathroom. Offered to the market with no chain and within walking distance of all local amenities."
*NO CHAIN* *CORNER PLOT* *DRIVEWAY* *THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS* 
"If you're looking for a fantastic family that you can put your own stamp on and make you're own...look no further! Located in one of Fairwater's most popular roads, opposite Fairwater primary school and in need of modernisation, this three bed semi detached property could make the perfect family..."
"""The Prestgious Hayes Apartments"". Very sought after and located in the City Centre with popular designer shops and restaurants on the doorstep. Adjacent to the St Davids Shopping Centre and has a parking permit for St. Davids Car Park. Caretaker on-site. for enhanced security. Located..."
Lovely two bedroom semi detached garage linked home with in a large plot
"We are proud to present this Two Bedroom Terraced House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £260,000 - £290,000*"
"Development opportunity, with previous planning permission granted for the development of flats following the demolition of the existing building"
"Guide Price £260,000 - £270,000. Situated in a popular area in Roath. Close to amenities and transport links. Well presented throughout. Good sized rear garden. A traditional stone fronted family house situated in a popular area in Roath. The accommodation is well presented..."
*** GREAT potential opportunity *** Be quick to reserve an allocated viewing time *** NO CHAIN SALE ***
"Stunning two bedroom apartment located in a prime location in Cardiff City Centre, within walking distance to many shops, restaurants & other amenities.This well presented property has views over the city centre & benefits from allocated parking. Get in touch on to book a viewing!"
"YOPA is proud to present this substantial three bedroom, apartment in Llanishen. The property is decorated to a modern standard, boasts a large private rear garden and a double garage. Please enquire early to avoid disappointment in this buoyant Cardiff market. All Offers & Interest are Invited."
"Ideally located and set back from the road, a traditional bay fronted three bedroom mid terrace family home in Fairwater Grove East, Llandaff. Briefly comprising entrance hall, lounge/living room, kitchen, three good size bedrooms, shower room, stunning rear garden and access to detached garage."
"OLIVER @ NEXA CARDIFF: ONE AGENT ONE SOLUTION have been instructed on this extended two bedroom property situated in Avondale Gardens, next to the river and 0.5 mile from Cardiff Bay."
Enter this three bedroom semi-detached family property via the main front door to an entrance hall with downstairs cloakroom and door to the main front aspect living room. There are wooden floors stairs to the first floor and neutral decor. Continue through to the kitchen / breakfast room at the...
"Fabulously presented 2 bedroom semi detached property in Thornhill. Located in a quiet cul de sac, double length drive way and large garden. This property comprises of a Lounge and kitchen diner to the ground floor, Two Double bedrooms and bathroom to the first floor."
"Situated At Popular Grangetown Being Handily Placed For A Variety Of Amenities To Include Shopping Retail Park, Schools, Playing Field, Leisure Centre And The Facilities Of Nearby Cardiff Bay Can Be Found This Large & Improved & Very Well Presented Three/Four Bedroom Mid Terrace House Offering V..."
"*** Guide Price: £259,950 to £269,950 *** EXTENDED 3-BED SEMI-DETACHED 'DUTCH STYLE' FAMILY HOME - OPEN-PLAN LIVING!!! LARGE EXTENDED KITCHEN/DINING ROOM - VERY SPACIOUS LOUNGE - DOWNSTAIRS UTILITY ROOM - VERY LARGE & ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN - LARGE WOOD PANEL STORAGE SHED - FREEHOLD -..."
