Summary
"Overlooking green, open space, the 5 bedroom Lavenham with double garage is an ideal family home boasting generous proportioned rooms."
"Linstock House is a substantial 6/7 bedroom period residence sitting in a generous plot of around 0.5 acres with a large coach house which has been converted into 2 two bedroom cottages, enjoying outstanding panoramic views across its own gardens to the North Pennine Fells. This is a superb oppo..."
" A charming, ‘chocolate box’ period home with its own Grade II Listed Tower is located in the heart of the popular village of Rickerby, sitting in a private position with beautiful gardens, stunning walled courtyard and a large barn/workshop to the rear.Dating back to 17th Century, H..."
" A magnificent four storey townhouse of grand proportions with superb period features throughout and off road parking. With over 4100 sqft of accommodation, this exceptional home includes three reception rooms, six bedrooms, six bathrooms plus a private garden with off road parking to the rear. ..."
"Beautifully situated 4 bed, 1 ensuite detached house enjoying a superb park side setting and fine open views at the rear. 3 reception rooms, garden room and breakfast kitchen. Delightful gardens. Garage. Prime location handy for Stanwix, parkland and the city."
"An excellent smallholding which offers a variety of opportunities for potential buyers. The property consists of a modern four bedroom detached bungalow with detached garage together with modern outbuildings, concrete and hardcore yard areas and good quality grazing land extending to 4.14 acres."
"This unique, Georgian period property really is a show-stopper of a home. The four bedroom, semi-detached property retains many original features throughout, it benefits from a recently installed boiler and new double glazing and is immaculately presented.  Viewing is essential to ap..."
"Book your private viewing today to see the luxury Sefton show home.Exclusive luxury is available in ‘The Sefton’, a uniquely designed three storey townhouse. These spacious contemporary family homes offer a modern intelligent design nestled on the edge of Carlisle’s hi..."
"A charming, well established multi award winning guest house with south facing garden and off street parking for several cars all conveniently set just half a mile form the city centre. Beautifully presented and appointed. 9 bedrooms. 9 bathrooms (8 ensuite). Superb location handy for the A69 and..."
"Situated on possibly Carlisle’s most sought after road, occupying a generous plot with an open aspect to the rear over fields towards Rickerby Village and the Folly, an exceedingly rare opportunity to acquire a substantial, detached, family home offering flexible and spacious living accommo..."
"This elegant Victorian villa is situated in a leafy part of Carlisle close to the city centre only a short distance from the local amenities including bus services, train station with links to Glasgow and Euston, University of Cumbria, schools along with retail parks, shops, supermarkets, restaur..."
"Plot 10 The Shire is a superb four bedroom detached home, finished to a luxury specification with high quality fixtures and fittings, the layout internally has been designed to make sure that the flow is cohesive to this style of modern living accommodation. On the ground floor there is an impres..."
"Plot 1 The Shire is ideal for family living or failing that for those looking to downsize into a high quality, easy to maintain home. Properties of this specification and in this location rarely come to the market and the attention to detail in these homes is outstanding. Within close proximi..."
"Plot 9 - The Shire is ideal for family living or failing that for those looking to downsize into a high quality, easy to maintain home. Properties of this specification and in this location rarely come to the market and the attention to detail in these homes is outstanding. Within close proximi..."
"This exceptionally spacious detached former police house really has everything that a large family requires. The property has five bedrooms, five reception rooms, three bathrooms, fantastic storage throughout, generous lawned gardens, shillied drive and double garage. Ideally situated close to..."
"In the heart of Carlisle, discover a chain free, character home with serious kerb appeal and the benefit of off road parking. Fully renovated for modern living, with its own private parking and secret, suntrap garden…could this be Carlisle's most eligible Victorian home? This imposing Gr..."
"Plot 8 The Shire - Within close proximity to the City of Carlisle, The Paddocks is an exclusive, private gated development of only 10 luxurious 4 bedroom detached homes. From the stunning gated entrance approach, designed around a central green space, the developer has wanted to create something..."
"Plot 2 - The Shire is ideal for family living within close proximity to the City of Carlisle or ideal for those looking to downsize into a high quality, easy to maintain home. Properties of this specification and in this location rarely come to the market and the attention to detail in these home..."
An immaculately presented detached five bedroom family home situated on a fantastic plot on the sought after Charles Church Development west of the city centre. EPC rating B. Council tax band F.
" Plot 3, The Clydesdale, is a superb four bedroom detached home, finished to a luxury specification with high quality fixtures and fittings, the layout internally has been designed to make sure that the flow is cohesive to this style of modern living accommodation. On the ground floor there is ..."
" Plot 5 - Within close proximity to the City of Carlisle, The Paddocks is an exclusive, private gated development of only 10 luxurious 4 bedroom detached homes. From the stunning gated entrance approach, designed around a central green space, the developer has wanted to create something that is ..."
"Spacious modern home. Five beds, three bath (two en-suite). Great location to the north of the city. Superb condition throughout. "
"4 Bedroomed Detached House 4 Bedrooms 2 Bathrooms 2 Reception rooms Dining kitchen
"
"An impressive, improved and extended modern home, with a superb oriental inspired garden. Convenient north city location. Immaculate throughout. VACANT POSSESSION. NO CHAIN."
A rare opportunity to purchase a three bedroom detached bungalow with a one bedroom self contained annexe in a semi rural location to the north of the city. This home is beautifully presented throughout and offers adaptable living.
"A well presented and spacious detached dormer bungalow with spacious lounge with patio doors leading to a conservatory with French doors to the rear garden, generous dining kitchen with integrated appliances, second reception room/office, utility and cloakroom. To the first floor are three bed..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a traditional, period, five bedroom, two bathroom, two reception room, townhouse situated in the city centre close to all amenities and with easy access to the motorway.  The property retains many original features throughout and comprises two spacious ..."
*LAST 4 BUNGALOWS REMAINING*
"Wonderfully different, 9 Howard Place is an outstanding example of how a period home should be! Brilliantly placed on a beautiful tree-lined street, this stunning Victorian mid-row period property boasts two large reception rooms, a modern kitchen, seven bedrooms and two bathroo..."
"An exceptional and impressive, five bedroom, three bathroom and two reception-room detached dream family home on the edge of the city.… Welcome to 87 Meadow Lane, Carlisle. QUOTE LI0465.
"
"A superb, extended detached family home situated in a popular location to the North of Carlisle within easy reach of local amenities and providing excellent transport links."
"This stunning four bedroom detached property is a popular style Warwick house built by Story Homes. Offering entrance hall, cloakroom, two reception rooms, open plan dining kitchen, gallery landing, four double bedrooms, en-suite to Master, and family bathroom. The property also benefits from ..."
FIRST LOOK - **Further details to follow** Well presented semi-detached home with good rear garden on a popular residential street to the north of the city. Walking distance to amenities and parkland. 
"An immaculately presented, four bedroom, two bathroom, detached family home situated on the popular Ridings estate, built by Story Homes. This generously proportioned property has a spacious entrance hall with ground floor cloakroom, lounge and stunning 30’ dining kitchen/family room wit..."
"This is the plot for a CA3 postcode!. Situated in a private, sunny location it is not overlooked and as such is one of the best plots north of the river. The accommodation has been adapted to provide a ground floor annexe which has its own external access, a living space (potential to add kitchen..."
READY FOR SOMETHING UNIQUE? This deceptively spacious bungalow on Lowry Hill Road will give you exactly that. A home where the space can work for you any way you like. Viewing is essential to appreciate the space on offer in this multi-functional home. 
"Wow, this is really something… situated in one of the city's most loved locations you’ll find the absolutely fantastic 123 Warwick Road. This a magnificent and immaculately presented mid-terraced family home and a fine example of why we all love period properties!  From t..."
NB. This property is exclusively available to PRIVATE LANDLORDS who are accredited by the relevant local authority or who are members of the National Landlords Association. The property comprises three Grade II Listed Buildings which inter-connect by way of interior doorway openings...
"A show home at The Paddock is now available to view, get in touch today to book your private appointment.Exclusive luxury is available in ‘The Avebury’, these uniquely designed spacious contemporary family homes offer a modern intelligent design nestled on the edge of Carlis..."
"Located in this always popular and sought after area to the north of Carlisle, with easy access to Stanwix Village, Rickerby Park and the town centre, a well presented, 2 reception room, 3-bedroom semi-detached family home, sensibly extended with a kitchen dining room with separate utility. Ampl..."
"Found on Rufus Road on the modern Taylor Wimpey development at Rosehill, Carlisle is this stunning 4 bedroom detached home. Our vendors have spared no expense on upgrading the kitchen, flooring and bathrooms when built. The property is found in immaculate condition and would make a stunning famil..."
A well presented modern family home. Dining kitchen. En-suite main bedroom. Favourable position with outlook across open fields. 
"Immaculate, Modern Family Home That Just Happens To Be A Bungalow. Don’t be put off just because there’s no stairs! This is a thoroughly 21st century property on a large plot with space to extend, so it’s ideal if you’re a couple or have kids. Property ref: KD0516"
"Some houses have just got it...Number 27 Beaver Road is definitely one of those properties. From the minute you pull up to the house and from the minute you step inside you cannot fail to be bowled over by this fantastic and generously extended five-bedroom, three reception room and two bathro..."
"**A RARE OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE** This spacious detached family home is set in a cul de sac location and enjoys open views of the surrounding countryside to the rear. There are two reception rooms, four bedrooms, a fitted kitchen with integral appliances and a separate a utility. The internal pr..."
MyNewStreet present this beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home for a quick sale. 
"We are delighted to offer this beautifully presented bungalow in the sought after location of Rickerby village, built in 2003 by Story homes to a high very high standard and briefly comprises:- Entrance hallway, spacious dining lounge, conservatory with french doors to rear garden, breakfasting k..."
"Tucked away in a cul-de-sac location overlooking green, open space. The Haddenham with 4 double bedrooms is an ideal choice for those looking for extra space."
"With 4 double bedrooms, the Eynsham offers a modern and spacious layout for those looking for extra space."
"A recently renovated, beautifully presented, three bedroom, detached bungalow situated on a generous plot providing scope to the rear to extend the property (subject to planning permission).  Well-presented front and rear gardens and driveway providing parking for two/three cars."
"The Coniston's kitchen/family room is perfect for spending time as a family and for entertaining. There’s also a well-proportioned living room, a separate dining room, a downstairs WC and a handy utility room. Upstairs are four bedrooms - bedroom one has an en-suite - and the family bathroom."
"Homesearch Direct is delighted to offer to the market a gorgeous former show home situated in a sought after residential location to the North of Carlisle. Ideal for growing families, this property offers an abundance of space and is positioned in a quiet cul-de-sac location. Accommodatin compris..."
"Style and sophistication reigns supreme here at 9 Etterby Street, located in an elevated row of traditional townhouses and north of the river in the always in demand location of Stanwix."
"A superb four bedroom terraced house which has been tastefully restored and presented to a high standard throughout. Situated conveniently close to Stanwix School, shops and amenities including Rickerby Park. The property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating, a new roof front and b..."
"Vicinity Homes are delighted to offer to the market this immaculately presented, modernised, deceptively spacious four bedroom mid terrace house situated within a popular residential area to the North of Carlisle City Centre. The property is close to a range of local amenities, regular bus route,..."
"The Winster is a five-bedroom detached family home. The open-plan kitchen/diner is spacious and bright with French doors leading into the garden - perfect for gatherings with friends and family. It comes complete with an integral single garage, downstairs cloakroom and an en suite to bedroom one."
"Four bedroom terrace offered to the market in fantastic condition throughout, situated in sought after location of Stanwix to the North of Carlisle close to a wealth of local amenities including popular Stanwix School."
"Homesearch Direct is delighted to offer to the market this large four bedroom detached family house situated on the popular Kingfisher Park development just off Warwick Road to the East of Carlisle. Providing excellent space for a growing family, this property offers fantastic accommodation, off ..."
"Executive houses on the much sought-after Hebden Avenue are rarely available...Number 99 is a real gem and features a fantastic large conservatory to the rear, with an incredible open-plan dining lounge, four bedrooms, a garage, an extensive driveway and a gorgeous low-maintenance so..."
"An immaculately presented, four bedroom, two bathroom, detached property situated on the Brackenleigh estate to the west of the city. The accommodation has quality fixtures and fittings throughout including Cathedral oak flooring and Moonstone tiling. Off the entrance hall is the lounge with e..."
"The Earlswood features an open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading into the garden, a handy utility room and a front-aspect living room, plus under-stairs storage and a WC. The first floor has three bedrooms and the main family bathroom. The top floor is home to an en suite bedroom."
A superb four bedroom detached property presented in fantastic order throughout located on this popular estate to the West of the city within easy access of local amenities. EPC rating is grade C. Council tax band D.
"FOR SALE Grade ll Listed Carlisle City Centre Residential Opportunity1 Castle Street, Carlisle, Cumbria CA3 8SY"
"Take a closer look at this outstanding three bedroom detached family house with large ground floor extension, being situated in one of the cities most sought after residential areas. Ideal for the growing family, this property has an amazing feel throughout. Accommodation comprises Entrance into ..."
"A beautifully presented mews style property finished to an extremely high standard with quality fixtures and fittings, this Grade II listed property is located within easy access to Carlisle City Centre and is set in a beautiful peaceful setting just a short walk to Rickerby Park. The property wh..."
A superb three bedroom end terraced cottage to the North of Carlisle in the hamlet of Tarraby offering a countryside feel yet within easy access of the City and local amenities. Early viewing advised. EPC rating is grade D. Council tax band C.
"Situated in a quiet semi-rural location, this three bedroom semi-detached cottage has just the right combination of traditional and modern features. An immaculately presented, low maintenance property all on one level with double glazing and gas central heating.  Tarraby is situated ..."
"Purplebricks are proud to bring 380 Warwick Road onto the Market. This incredible family home has to be viewed to be appreciated and I promise you will be surprised how large it is. This family home has 4 bedrooms, ensuite off the master, a large family bathroom, 2 reception rooms, good size kitc..."
"Homesearch Direct is delighted to offer to the market 3 Carvoran Way, a three/four bedroomed detached family house situated in a highly sought after residential location to the West of Carlisle. Occupying a generous corner plot, this property has been extended to the ground floor, offering so muc..."
"An exciting opportunity to purchase a four bedroom, two reception room, detached family home with attached single garage, driveway and low maintenance rear garden.  Etterby is located to the north of the city with easy access to the western bypass, Austin Friars school and convenienc..."
"Show home for sale with all furniture and fittings included! The four bedroom Longford boasts a large living room leading from a separate entrance hall, taking you to a stunning contemporary kitchen-dining area with French doors opening onto the rear garden. There is ..."
"A perfect family home, this three bedroom semi-detached property is well presented and neutral throughout offering two reception rooms including the lounge/dining room with French doors leading out to the patio garden, kitchen plus additional utility area housed in the outbuilding, and a subst..."
"New to the market, a four bedroom, substantial, detached family home situated on the popular Brackenleigh residential estate to the west of the city. The property also benefits from off-street parking for two vehicles, single garage and lawned rear garden enjoying an open aspect across th..."
"A beautifully presented, three storey townhouse, retaining many original features throughout.  The three bedroom, two reception room property also has a first floor office and spacious four piece bathroom.  Country style kitchen and a double garage.  Dalston Road is situated to ..."
"Magnificent and immaculately presented.… this property is a fine example of why we all love period homes!  From the spacious rooms with high ceilings to the detailed cornices, this fabulous property finds numerous ways to put a smile on your face.  Welcome to number 130 P..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale a substantial building plot, that has recently had planning passed for a substantial detached property with open views across the fields and River Petteril. Alternatively, the site could provide scope for two detached bungalows (subject to planning permission)...."
"This stunning three bedroom, semi-detached property offers an abundance of space which must be viewed to be appreciated. Situated in a quiet no-through road to the north of the River Eden with three double bedrooms, dining lounge, dining kitchen, conservatory, four piece bathroom, low maintena..."
"An immaculately presented, four bedroom, two bathroom, three storey townhouse situated just off Harraby Green Road. The property offers an extensive family home and is neutrally decorated throughout with a spacious dining lounge, modern dining kitchen and practical ground floor cloakroom. ..."
"The only way to describe this three bedroom detached home is absolutely perfect! The property is in a Turn-Key condition, boasting two reception rooms, modern kitchen and bathrooms and a generously sized conservatory overlooking the beautiful landscaped gardens! Viewing is highly recommended to a..."
"This impressive, three bedroom, detached property offers two reception rooms, modern integrated kitchen with separate utility as well as sun room, ground floor cloakroom and three first floor bedrooms including master with en-suite. Extensive rear garden, front garden, garage and driveway park..."
"This three bedroom Victorian terraced house is packed with retained character and period features whilst benefitting some of the more modern comforts we all love. With an abundance of space throughout, this property would suit a range of purchasers, whether you need extra space for your family to..."
"3 Bedroomed Terrace House 3 Bedrooms 1 Bathroom 2 Reception rooms
"
"Who Says Your Lounge Has To Be Downstairs? Like many modern townhouses, this 2015 Persimmon home has the lounge on the first floor. But you can’t say it doesn’t have the perfect layout for summer entertaining, with a large sunroom and even a hot tub. Property ref: KD0516
"
"An immaculate, walk-in condition three bedroom semi-detached house situated in the desirable Kingstown area to the North of Carlisle. The accommodation is briefly comprising of Entrance Hall, Living Room opening into the Stylish Kitchen, Dining Room, Bathroom and 3 Bedrooms to the first ..."
"Situated on what is quite possibly Carlisle's 'coolest street', welcome to the absolutely delightful 36 Abbey Street. An absolute rarity on the market, this amazingly quirky and wonderfully fun property is situated right in the heart of the city‘s historic quarte..."
"The Clayton Corner features an open-plan kitchen diner and impressive living room with French doors opening into the garden, a utility room, WC and storage cupboard. Upstairs you'll find three bedrooms, including a large en suite bedroom one, a family-sized bathroom and handy storage cupboard."
"Houses on the much sought-after Green Lane are rarely available...Number 147 is a real gem and features a fantastic two-storey extension to the side and rear, with an incredible open-plan dining area with Bi-Folding doors into a large conservatory and a gorgeous south-facing rear garden with s..."
An Immaculate Semi Detached House with STUNNING and STYLISH fitted kitchen that is truly the heart of this home! This wonderful home is boasting a walk in condition that is situated in a desirable cul-de-sac to the North of City - Please contact Hunters today to schedule your viewing! ...
"A well presented three bedroom, two bathroom, semi detached home with a fabulous ground floor extension ensuring modern open plan living with bi-fold doors out to the rear patio and garden in a sought after area north of the city."
"Vicinity Homes are delighted to offer to the market this deceptively spacious, immaculately presented and extended three bedroom semi detached house situated in a popular residential area to the West of Carlisle City Centre. The property is close to a range of local amenities, regular bus routes,..."
"This three bedroom double fronted house has been lovingly cared for and is offered the the market in an immaculate, turn-key condition. Complete with a spacious living room, modern kitchen diner, three double bedrooms and a wonderful rear garden, the property would be well suited for those looki..."
"The home of great value! The Kildare is a beautiful three bedroom home that features a spacious living room leading into a contemporary kitchen-diner, with French doors leading out to the garden. Upstairs you'll find a master bedroom complete with a luxurious en-suite bathroom and two..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a mid terrace property comprising of spacious ground floor accommodation and a first floor apartment situated ideally to the West of Carlisle close to the Cumberland Infirmary. EPC rating D. Council tax band A.
"An immaculately presented property over three floors. Three generous bedrooms the primary having an en-suite. A fitted kitchen with appliances, and a living room with French doors leading to a landscaped rear garden. A popular area to the west of Carlisle, with good local transport links, and ame..."
"A modern built, spacious and very well presented three story, three bedroom, town house located in a sought after semi-rural area to the north of the city. With open plan living to the ground floor, a master ensuite and rear garden this is a lovely family home."
"*** NEW INSTRUCTION, MUST BE VIEWED *** TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK! - FREE MORTGAGE ADVICE AVAILABLE ON THIS PROPERTY. LOVELY 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY, NOT TO BE MISSED, IDEAL FOR YOUNG / GROWING FAMILIES, spacious accommodation, WELL PRESENTED, gas..."
"A three bedroom spacious semi-detached property in a popular location close to many local amenities including shops, schools and transport links. The UPVC double glazed and central heated accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, cloakroom, modern fitted kitchen with double doors leading ..."
"The Grasmere is a three-bedroom family home that’s ideal for modern living. The open-plan kitchen/dining room has French doors leading into the garden. The front porch, downstairs WC and two cupboards take care of everyday storage. Bedroom one has an en suite. This home also has an integral garage."
"A 2 bed semi detached bungalow to the North of the city centre, popular location close to local amenities and available for sale with no onward chain. This well presented property briefly comprises:- entrance porch and hallway, spacious lounge, fitted kitchen with door to side, 2 double bedroo..."
"Located on this always popular modern development, situated to the east of the Carlisle with excellent access to the city centre and the M6, a beautifully presented, detached, family home with flexible living accommodation, 3 bedrooms (master ensuite), garage and generous enclosed garden to rear ..."
Sanderling Walk is a stunning development of 3 & 4 bed homes brought to you by renowned developers HJK Properties. Built to a high specification as standard each property is designed to offer the very best of modern living with excellent room proportions and quality finishings. Behind the kerb ap...
"This extended two bedroom semi-detached bungalow is modern throughout, with lounge, breakfast kitchen, family shower room and two double bedrooms. The spacious Master bedroom features an en-suite bathroom and has French doors leading out to the rear garden. The property also benefits from gara..."
"This is not just your average ""Kilkenny"" home, this three bedroom Gleeson Home has been upgraded to a fantastic specification to provide a modern and luxurious family living space. Why buy a basic new home when you can have a pristine, pre-loved home packed with upgrades including full floorcover..."
"The home of great value! The three bedroom Liffey benefits from a bright living room that leads into an open-plan kitchen-diner, with French doors opening onto the garden creating a seamless indoor-outdoor space. Upstairs a master bedroom complete with an en-suite bathroom brings a to..."
"The home of great value! The Kilkenny is a beautiful three bedroom home perfect for modern living. A bright living room featuring a stunning exposed staircase leads through to an open-plan kitchen-diner, where French doors open onto the garden creating an flexible living space. Upstai..."
"WELCOME to your new home! This immaculate four bedroom, two reception room townhouse is just a short walk from the city centre and offers ample accommodation. Viewing is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED to appreciate the accommodation on offer. "
"The Buttermere is very popular with families. The bright and modern open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading into the garden is ideal for entertaining and for enjoying family meals. The front porch, inner hallway, downstairs cloakroom and useful cupboard take care of everyday storage."
"A beautifully presented and recently fully refurbished three bedroom semi-detached property, with new rear extension, situated in the popular residential area of Belle Vue."
Walk is a stunning development of 3 & 4 bed homes brought to you by renowned developers HJK Properties. Built to a high specification as standard each property is designed to offer the very best of modern living with excellent room proportions and quality finishings. Behind the kerb appeal each h...
Are you looking for a residential development/investment property in Carlisle? This substantial and imposing building has planning consent for conversion into 7 flats and would make a perfect investment with potential use as an HMO. Previously used as a Doctors surgery and centrally located in a...
Very spacious 3 bedroom semi detached property built in the 1960’s. This property is 5 mins from the M6 motorway and is situated south of Carlisle. A very solid building needing a bit of modernisation but has loads of potential and plenty of outside space to extend.    • 3...
"Homesearch Direct is pleased to offer to the market this charming and spacious four bedroom, two reception room Victorian mid terraced family house, convenient for Carlisle City Centre. The property which offers plenty of original character and space is being sold with no onward chain. Accommodat..."
"An opportunity to purchase a spacious, two double bedroom, detached bungalow, which is in need of some modernisation as reflected in the price, occupying a superb plot with an open aspect to the front, situated on a much sought after street to the west of the city.The double glazed and ..."
"The Rufford is a three-bedroom family home. The open-plan kitchen/dining room has French doors leading into the garden. The front porch, inner hallway, downstairs cloakroom and cupboard take care of everyday storage. This home also has an en suite to bedroom one, family bathroom and integral garage."
"The 3 bedroom Gosford with detached garage will appeal to first-time buyers, couples and families looking for a little extra space and will be ready to move into this Spring!"
"With a much sought-after south-west facing garden, the 3 bedroom Gosford is ready to move into this Spring and is ideal for couple or families looking for a little extra space."
"A 4 bed semi detached house to the North of the city centre in a highly desirable residential area. Flexible accommodation over 2 floors with driveway parking, car port, garage and gardens. Offered for sale with no onward chain this spacious property briefly comprises:- Entrance porch, lounge,..."
"Looking for more space for your growing family…..….then step inside Keenan Road, a spacious, recently constructed and delightful three-bedroom detached home located to the south of Carlisle in a highly desirable residential location. QUOTE LI0465.
"
"A show home at The Paddock is now available to view, get in touch today to book your private appointment.Exclusive luxury is available in ‘Gordon Richard’s House’, a contemporary apartment building comprising eight generously proportioned two double bedroom properties ..."
"Offered to the market in immaculate condition throughout, a three bedroom period mid terrace home situated on Warwick Road, in walking distance of the City Centre. Council tax band B. EPC rating D."
"Situated in Lowry Hill this two double bedroom semi-detached bungalow with conservatory, easily maintained gardens, drive and garage. The property features kitchen, separate utility area in the garage, dining lounge, sun room, two double bedrooms and modern walk-in shower room. Integral garage..."
"Located in a quiet cul de sac, in this popular and sought after development to the south side of Carlisle, with excellent local amenities and primary schools, a well presented, modern, 3 bedroomed, master ensuite, semi-detached family home with offroad parking to the front and enclosed gardens to..."
"Homesearch Direct is delighted to offer to the market, this recently renovated three bedroom semi detached house situated in the sought after Stanwix location to the North of Carlisle on this quiet tree lined street. Ideal for families, this property is convenient for a wealth of local amenities ..."
"NO CHAIN - This two bedroom semi-detached bungalow is nestled in a lovely cul-de-sac whilst benefitting many amenities close by. Boasting two spacious reception rooms, large L shaped conservatory, two bedrooms and modern shower room, viewing comes highly recommended. The accommodation br..."
"A four bedroom, two reception room, two bathroom terraced townhouse situated close to the city centre and retaining many original features throughout including original cornice and coving. The double glazed and gas central heated accommodation briefly comprises of vestibule, entrance hall, lou..."
A well presented semi detached bungalow offered to the market with no onward chain and situated in a highly sought after area to the West of Carlisle. EPC rating C . Council tax band B.
"Looks and feels detached! Welcome to Number 30 Staunton Drive on the highly sought-after 'Coppice' development on the southeastern fringe of the city. QUOTE AP0121
"
"Welcome to 46 Holmrook Road, a deceptively spacious and well-presented three-bedroom semi-detached dormer bungalow with the added benefit of a conservatory, garage and drive! QUOTE LI0465.
"
A rare opportunity to acquire an impressive 3 Bedroom Semi-Detached House situated in a quite cul-de-sac off Kingmoor Road. With a large paved rear garden and impressive sun room this is ideal for a growing family. Having two reception rooms and a large dining kitchen this offers lots of space do...
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, an immaculately presented three bedroom detached home situated to the West of Carlisle on the popular Brackenleigh Estate."
"This three bedroom detached bungalow is in need of full modernisation throughout however once complete, this will be the perfect happily ever after home. Boasting a 25' living dining room, kitchen and utility, three bedrooms, front and rear gardens with a detached garage, there is ample space for..."
"Allan Estate Agents are pleased to offer to the market a newly renovated semi-detached bungalow situated in a cul-de-sac location to the West of Carlisle City Centre. The accommodation briefly comprises of entrance hall, lounge, modern kitchen, one double and one single bedroom and a contemporary..."
A top floor apartment in a modern development to the South of the city. ideally located for transport links as well as access to the M6. Safe and secure accommodation with intercom access. The property is offered to the market with no onward chain. 
"Suitable for cash buyers only. Title is unregistered and title deeds are unavailable, may only get possessory title. Indemnity insurance is usually available. NB. This property is exclusively available to PRIVATE LANDLORDS accredited by the relevant local authority or who are members..."
"This two bedroom semi-detached bungalow is located within a highly sought after location to the North of Carlisle. Perfect for those looking for easy living, the property offers great space both internally and externally and is in a move in condition. Arrange your viewing today! The acco..."
"The home of great value! The three bedroom Wicklow features a bright living room leading to a contemporary kitchen-diner where French doors open onto the garden, creating a seamless indoor-outdoor space. Upstairs discover three great-sized bedrooms and a family bathroom finished with ..."
The home of great value! The Boston is a stunning home boasting a separate living room with French doors opening out to the rear garden and a beautiful contemporary kitchen-diner to the front of the house this home is perfect for those who love to entertain. Upstairs you'll find two g...
"This cleverly laid out home offers spacious, open plan living, perfect for those looking for their first home, or for those who are ready to downsize. The kitchen/dining area has a fully equipped L-shaped kitchen that features French doors with full height windows on both sides"
"This stunning and generously extended family home on Cumwhinton Road has so much going for it… Offered for sale in a delightful turn-key condition, the property features an abundance of ground-floor living space, three bedrooms and a spacious and luxurious four-piece bathroom. QUOTE LI0..."
Found just outside Carlisle City centre in the popular Harraby area of town is this superb three bedroom semi-detached home. Recently decorated and immaculately presented throughout the property boasts spacious accommodation and would make a wonderful family home. Internally the accommodation com...
The home of great value! The stunning three bedroom Lisburn offers a bright living room plus a contemporary open-plan kitchen-diner with French doors leading to the garden. A handy cloakroom completes the downstairs space. Upstairs you'll find a beautiful master bedroom and two furthe...
"£6,000 contribution towards your deposit!* The stunning three bedroom Galway benefits from a combined kitchen-diner with French doors that lead out onto the garden, creating a seamless contemporary space. Across the hallway you'll find a separate living room, plus a useful storage cup..."
"An extended three bedroom semi detached family house situated in this sought after residential location to the West of Carlisle. Benefiting from a large ground floor extension, this spacious property offers loads of potential, whilst requiring cosmetic refurbishment. Accommodation comprises Entra..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, an immaculately presented, modern semi detached home with ample storage and situated conveniently to the West of Carlisle. EPC rating B. Council tax band B."
"A well presented two bedroom link detached bungalow with garage and a modern shower room located in a cul-de-sac in this sought after area to the west of the city, close to many amenities and transport links."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain and huge potential, a three bedroom detached bungalow on a generous plot to the South of Carlisle on Blackwell Road. Council tax band C. EPC rating awaited."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a recently constructed three bedroom semi detached property, offered with no forward chain and sold with the remainder of the builders warranty, and located on the southern side of Carlisle. Stepping inside this deceptively spacious home you can see the potenti..."
"PROPERTY LAUNCH - Saturday 1st April between 11am and 12:30pm. Arrange your viewing appointment today! Hunters are delighted to market this two reception, two double bedroom bay fronted semi-detached house on Punton Road. The well proportioned accommodation would suit a variety of purcha..."
IN TIME FOR CHRISTMAS A newly built three bedroom family home will be rady for its new owners very soon. Viewing is highly recommended to appreciate the accommodation on offer.  
"Open plan living on the ground floor, a hideaway bedroom with the second floor all to itself, the Moseley is a new home with great options. Young families, first-time buyers and professionals who have their eye on a potential home office, will enjoy making this flexible home their own."
"A recently refurbished, three bedroom, end-terraced property situated within walking distance of the city centre, close to shops, local amenities and schools and with easy access to the M6 motorway at junction 43. The UPVC double glazed and gas central heated accommodation briefly comprises ve..."
"Homesearch Direct is pleased to offer to the market this spacious three bedroom semi detached family home, occupying a generous plot situated in a sought after residential location, just off Dalston Road. This property would make a perfect family home or first time buy. It is convenient for Carli..."
"A wonderful opportunity to purchase this two bedroom semi-detached bungalow pleasantly situated within Kelvin Grove, to the West of Carlisle. The bungalow boasts an upgraded kitchen and shower room internally whilst externally the gardens are a perfect for avid gardeners. Viewing comes highly rec..."
"Purplebricks are proud to bring this large semi detached property to market. This incredible family home is situated in a popular location within Carlisle, close to schools, shops and transport links. The property benefits from Gas Central Heating and double glazing. The accommodation briefly co..."
"Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac overlooking the park, a three bedroom, semi-detached family home with generous gardens, driveway and garage, sold with the benefit of no onward chain. The double glazed and gas central heated accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, dining lounge, conservat..."
"This two double bedroom property was originally a three bedroom providing scope to reinstall a stud wall to create a family home offered at a very realistic price to reflect the level of work required. The property is in need of a full refurbishment, ideal for those looking to put their own st..."
"Homesearch Direct is delighted to offer to the market this Victorian bay fronted mid terraced family house, situated in a popular residential location, bursting with charm and original period features with decorative coving and high ceilings, this property offers plenty of space for a growing fam..."
"A contemporary style two bedroom modern third floor two bedroom, two bathroom apartment situated near Carlisle city centre with fantastic views over the historic district of Carlisle with a prominent view of the cathedral. The immaculately presented property retains many original features incl..."
"Perfectly proportioned, the Alnwick has a stylish open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading into the garden, a good-sized living room and two double bedrooms. There's also off-road parking. Ideal for a first-time buyer looking for a fresh modern home you can make your own."
A rare opportunity to purchase a substantial building plot on Durdar Road heading South from the city centre. With full planning permission for a 4 bedroom detached house this plot offers tremendous potential to build a fabulous family home. Excellent road links to the motorway at junction 42 o...
"This three-bedroom, semi-detached property is well presented throughout. On entering through the front door the hallway has stairs that lead to the first floor and access to the ground floor accommodation, comprising of a W.C, modern fitted kitchen with a range of wall and base units, spa..."
"Found in the extremely sought-after High Green Croft area of Carlisle is this superb two-bedroom semi-detached house, an ideal purchase for a first-time buyer or a very solid rental investment. Internally the accommodation comprises an entrance porch, inner hallway, P-shaped living room and a din..."
"Hunters are delighted to market this three bedroom mid-link house, located on Brisco Meadows to the South of Carlisle. The property would suit a range of purchasers, whether you are a young family, first time buyer or investor. Arrange your viewing today! The accommodation briefly compri..."
"The home of great value! The Mayfield boasts a modern kitchen-diner and a separate bright living room, creating a seamless living space. A central staircase leads upstairs where you'll find two bedrooms and a great-sized family bathroom. *Images, dimensions, and layout..."
"*NO ONWARD CHAIN*This well-presented 4 bedroom semi detached home is situated on a popular residential estate just outside of the city centre with good access to the M6. To the ground floor is a spacious lounge with open staircase to the first floor, good size dining kitchen with French..."
"Homesearch Direct is delighted to offer to the market, this immaculately presented and spacious three bedroom semi detached family house situated in the sought after village of Cummersdale to the Western outskirts of the City. This extremely well presented family home has recently been decorated ..."
"This mid-terraced property is unique in size offering a vast amount of space in comparison to a traditional terraced property with two reception rooms, modern kitchen, outbuilding utilised as a utility room, rear yard with electric garage door providing parking for two cars, three first floor ..."
An immaculate two bedroom first floor apartment in the exclusive Twickenham Court. Spacious and well proportioned accommodation in beautiful surroundings with the benefit of being sold with no onward chain. 
"Located to west of Carlisle, well served for access to the city centre and the nearby village of Dalston, a beautifully presented, detached park home, situated in a popular and well run community for the over 55s, offering flexible and low maintenance living accommodation with conservatory, 3 bed..."
"A three bedroom semi-detached family home situated within close proximity to the city centre. This property features entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge and kitchen/diner with French doors leading to the rear garden. To the first floor are three bedrooms, en-suite to Master, and family bathroom. ..."
"This mid terraced property spans across three floors featuring two reception rooms, kitchen, bathroom, three double bedrooms and attic conversion. The property benefits from new carpets and flooring throughout and a private enclosed rear yard with on street parking. This property would make an..."
28 Bedford Road is an extended three bedroom semi detached family house situated on this popular street to the West of Carlisle between Dalston Road & Wigton Road. The property has a ground floor extension offering a good sized sun room and a large rear garden making this property an ideal family...
"READY MADE INVESTMENT. Found to the east of Carlisle, close to local amenities & within walking distance of the city centre, an excellent opportunity to acquire ownership of a popular style, 4 bedroom mid-terrace property, with good tenants generating a potential income in the region of &po..."
"Located to the fringe of the city centre, handy for the University Of Cumbria and a selection of local facilities and amenities, an interesting investment option to acquire the freehold of an occupied ground floor business unit, along with a self-contained 2 bedroom flat to the first floor with a..."
"The home of great value! The Kerry combines a modern open-plan kitchen and dining area with the privacy of a cosy, separate living room to create the perfect living space. Upstairs benefits from two double bedrooms and a modern family bathroom. *Images, dimensions, and..."
The home of great value! The Cork benefits from a bright and well designed living room that leads into a contemporary kitchen-diner with French doors leading out to the rear garden. A handy cloakroom completes the downstairs space. Upstairs you'll find two generously sized bedrooms an...
"An immaculately presented two double bedroom, two reception room, mid-terraced property, with loft conversion, offered to the market in good decorative order throughout and situated in a popular residential area close to a variety of local amenities.The property benefits from two recept..."
"**NO CHAIN**
Purplebricks are proud to bring this Mid link house to market. A superb three bedroom mid link house situated within this popular area. Conveniently close to local shops and amenities including schools, western bypass and hospital. This excellent home is ideal for First time buyers, ..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this deceptively spacious property, with recently installed brand new bathroom and kitchen, also new carpets and flooring in most areas. On entering this property you can see the potential for family living with superb space over three floors. From the hallway ..."
"A well presented detached park home, perfectly nestled for quiet and easy living. Boasting a spacious and modern interior, the home benefits two/three bedrooms and is available fully furnished subject to negotiation. Orton Grange Park is a highly reputable park offering 12 month residential occup..."
"A three bedroom, two reception room semi-detached property with double glazing and gas central heating throughout. This spacious family home is in need of some modernisation and benefits from a large garden, garage and driveway."
A three bedroom refurbished semi detached home found in a popular residential location to the South of Carlisle. Council tax band A. EPC rating D.
"Presented in fantastic order throughout a three bedroom mid terraced property to the north of the river Eden within easy access of local shops, schools and transport links. EPC rating is grade C. Council tax band A."
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Mid Terrace House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £140,000 - £155,000*"
"A substantial three bedroom mid terraced home located just off the city centre with two reception rooms, two loft rooms, a cellar and even a garage to the rear."
"A three bedroom mid-terraced home located within a popular residential area to the North of Carlisle. Boasting a spacious living room and well proportioned kitchen diner with direct garden access, the property will suit a range of buyers. The accommodation, which has gas central heating..."
A beautifully presented and spacious top floor apartment in the popular Hanson Place development situated minutes from the City Centre. The apartment is neutrally decorated and carpeted throughout with the kitchen area and bathroom floors being vinyl. All rooms lead off the entrance hall which ha...
"A highly desirable, modern, 5th floor apartment in the extremely popular Shaddon Mill. Ideally located for the City Centre, hospital and local amenities. This excellent apartment comprises of communal entrance with lift and stairs to 5th floor, spacious entrance hall with storage, open plan l..."
"Offering four bedrooms and two bathrooms, this newly decorated property would suit either a family or equally suitable as a buy to let investment or HMO property. With new carpets throughout, and situated close to the city centre, this property has an abundance of potential.  The dou..."
"This two double bedroom end terraced property has been finished to an extremely high standard throughout and offers lounge, dining room with log burning stove, modern kitchen, four piece ground floor family bathroom and two double bedrooms to the first floor. Rear enclosed yard.  Thi..."
"As part of the Low Cost Housing Scheme (reduced from the open market value by 25%) a well presented mid-link property benefiting from fully fitted kitchen, generous lounge with patio doors to enclosed lawned gardens, three good size bedrooms and two bathrooms. Parking for two cars to the front..."
"Located to the north of the river, in the heart of Stanwix village, close to local amenities, the University Campus and with excellent access to the north and south to the city centre, a well presented, deceptively spacious, 2 bedroom first floor apartment, ideal as a first time buy or buy to let."
"FOR SALE WITH SITTING TENANT. A three bedroom, two reception mid terrace home situated on a lovely residential street in Denton Holme. EPC rating D. Council tax band A."
"A deceptively spacious double fronted three bedroom end terraced property located in the popular Denton Holme area of the city, with two reception rooms and a first floor bathroom."
"Homesearch Direct is delighted to offer to the market this immaculately presented mid terraced property, offering a modern kitchen and luxurious modern bathroom. Situated on this quiet side street just off Warwick Road to the East of Carlisle. Having been successfully rented out for the last 5 ye..."
"Knock knock, who's there? Your perfect first home! If you're looking to take that first step onto the property ladder there couldn't be many better propositions than Number 5 Leywell Drive. QUOTE AP0121
"
"Looking for your first step onto the property ladder or more space for your growing family? Then I urge you to view 42 Colville Street…..a spacious and beautifully presented, three-bedroom and two reception room mid-row terraced property situated in this highly desirable residential loc..."
A fantastic opportunity for first time buyers or growing families to purchase a spacious and well presented three bedroom end link house situated in this quiet location to the Southern edge of Carlisle convenient for a wealth of local amenities. The property which is offered in excellent decorati...
"Step inside the charming 6 Irvings Place, a beautifully presented mid row cottage situated on the outskirts of Carlisle. This lovely property offers fantastic character and has been recently updated, offering a superb modern fitted kitchen and bathroom. Ideal for a variety of purchasers, includin..."
"A three bedroom, two reception room, mid-terraced property which retains many original features, situated close to local amenities, schools and hospital and only a short walk to the city centre."
"Wow, this is really something… situated in one of the city's most popular and loved locations you’ll find the absolutely fantastic 38 Cumberland Street! QUOTE LI0465
"
"A well presented three double bedroom mid terraced house perfect for a young family or those looking to get on the property ladder. The accommodation, which has double glazing and gas central heating, briefly comprises: entrance hall, living dining room, kitchen and side access to the g..."
A well presented three bedroom mid terrace home situated within walking distance of the City Centre in the popular 'Urban Village' of Denton Holme. Council tax band A. EPC rating D.
"An excellent opportunity to acquire a Two Bedroom Semi-Detached House in a very popular area west of the city centre. Situated conveniently close to local shops and amenities including schools, the western bypass and picturesque walks. The property benefits from gas central heating and double g..."
"We are proud to offer this Two Bedroom Semi Detached Bungalow – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £125,000 - £135,000*"
"This three bedroom traditional mid terraced property is full of character and original features. With two reception rooms, kitchen, bathroom and three bedrooms this property is the ideal home for a growing family or first time buyer.  Situated just off London Road within easy reach o..."
An immaculately presented end link two bedroom property to the South of the city. Ideally suited for first time buyers or investors alike. 
"NO CHAIN! Fantastic investment opportunity! A spacious three bedroom semi-detached house with some decorative upgrading required. The accommodation briefly comprises; two reception rooms, three bedroom, first floor bathroom and gardens to the front and rear. The property has double glaz..."
"A spacious three bedroom semi detached property in need of some upgrading located to the west of the city, no onward chain, central heating, double glazing. EPC rating awaited, council tax band A."
"This two double bedroom, ground floor apartment offers an en-suite master bedroom, spacious lounge, integrated kitchen, family bathroom, storage and ample parking with communal gardens."
"If you are seeking a straightforward project in Carlisle, this property should be at the top of your list. Featuring three spacious bedrooms, one bathroom and two stylish reception rooms, along with wonderful kerb appeal, this terraced home has a great deal to offer any buyer.
"
"An immaculately presented ground floor apartment situated on the popular Watermans Walk estate to the east of the city. The double glazed and electric heated apartment features a spacious dining lounge, modern fitted kitchen, two double bedrooms – one with fitted bedroom furniture, three..."
"Finish Work At 5.30pm, Walk Through Your Front Door At 5.45. Life’s too short to sit on buses or in rush hour traffic. After a hard shift at the hospital or McVitie’s you can walk home and be sat with your feet up in under fifteen minutes. Property ref: KD0516
"
Strike is pleased to present this property in Carlisle.
"A deceptively spacious 3 Bedroom Mid-Terraced House. Decorated beautifully throughout this modern and stylish property is ready to move into. With a large open plan kitchen diner, and upstairs not 1 but 2 shower rooms and 3 bedrooms there is plenty of room, perfect for a growing family. Situa..."
"Welcoming to the market a quaint semi detached cottage North of the River, the property is ideally situated for Motorway access, Kingstown Industrial Estate and on a regular City bus route. The property benefits from entrance into vestibule, spacious living room, kitchen/diner, three pi..."
"48 Boundary Road is a traditional, bay fronted three bedroom end terraced house situated in the Currock area of Carlisle. The property has a wealth of amenities on its doorstep and is also handy for Carlisle City Centre. The property itself offers plenty of space and is a home that you can put yo..."
"An extended two bedroom semi detached home situated in a cul-de-sac in the popular Morton Park area of the city, being sold with no onward chain. Excellent First Time Buy."
An immaculately presented two bedroom end terrace on a popular cul de sac North of the river. The property is ideally suited for first time buyers or for investment purposes and is being sold with no onward chain. 
"This two double bedroom, end-terraced property features two reception rooms, modern high gloss kitchen, ground floor bathroom and enclosed rear yard. The two first floor bedrooms both benefit from built-in storage. The property is ideal for a first time buyer or an investor looking for a renta..."
"A well presented two bedroom semi detached property west of the city within easy access of local amenities, shops, schools and Cumberland Infirmary. EPC rating is grade F, council tax band A."
*FREEHOLD* This ready to move into 2 bedroomed ground floor property is not only freehold but also has the benefit of a garden and parking. Recently decorated throughout with a newly fitted boiler it a perfect buy to let or would make a fantastic permanent base. Gas central heating and double gla...
"Positioned in a quiet cul-de-sac location in this ever popular residential development to the West of Carlisle is this spacious mid link house with large driveway providing ample off street parking, modern kitchen and bathroom, making this property a great first time buy or buy to let. Being sold..."
"Located to the south east of Carlisle, with excellent access to the city centre and local schools and amenities, in a quiet position with an open aspect over parkland to the rear, a low maintenance, 2 double bedroom modern terrace property, ideal for a first time buy, or excellent buy to let."
"Spacious two bedroom, top floor apartment with private gated allocated parking space. Great city centre location within walking distance of a wide range of amenities. Strong yielding buy to let or excellent lock up and leave property."
"A great opportunity to purchase a Two Double Bedroom End Terraced House, with a modern Open Plan Living and Kitchen Dining Area. Situated within this leafy area conveniently close to a wealth of local shops, schools and amenities. Ideal for a F.T.B or young family. The property benefits from Gas ..."
"A spacious, well-presented, two bedroom, two reception room, terraced property situated in the popular residential area of Denton Holme with a variety of local amenities and within walking distance of the city centre. The double glazed and central heated accommodation comprises vestibule, entr..."
FOR INVESTMENT PURPOSES ONLY A beautifully presented ground floor apartment in a private setting. A successful investment for the current owner now being sold with no onward chain. 
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a recently decorated and well presented two bedroom end of terrace house, located to the North of Carlisle. Ideal for either First Time Buyers or Investors, the property is ready for the next owner to move straight in. Arrange your viewing today. The ..."
"Looking to add a property to your growing portfolio… Then I suggest you take a look at 15 The Grange, Newfield Drive! In terms of value for money, this flat will take some beating. ""Turn-key"" ready and with all the amenities you need close by this well-presented firs..."
"A modern 2 bed mid terraced house to the North of the city centre with Conservatory, Driveway parking and large rear Garden. Close to the amenities of Stanwix this well presented property briefly comprises:- spacious lounge with dining space, fitted kitchen and conservatory. First floor with 2..."
"This two bedroom mid-terrace property is perfect for First Time Buyers or Investors. Complete with spacious living room, two bedrooms and generous rear garden, contact Hunters to arrange your viewing today! The double glazed and gas central heated accommodation briefly comprises of: entr..."
A well presented three bedroom semi detached home conveniently located to the East of Carlisle close to a range of local amenities. EPC rating B. Council tax band A.
"Situated on a quiet street just a 10 minute walk into the city centre, this well presented, spacious, two bedroom terraced property would make an ideal first time buy or buy to let investment.  Holme Terrace is an excellent location for the city centre, Carlisle Castle and Cathedral ..."
"This two bedroom, mid-link property is situated in a popular development to the north of the River Eden offering fitted kitchen, lounge incorporating French doors opening onto the patio and turfed rear garden. To the first floor there are two bedrooms and bathroom. The property benefits from a..."
"A nicely presented and spacious second floor apartment located in the historic quarter of Carlisle City Centre. Boasting a spacious open plan living kitchen and two double bedrooms, this apartment is ideal for first time buyers, landlords or as a city crash pad. Viewing comes highly recommended.<..."
A beautifully presented two bedroom terraced home with a generous loft room located to the west of the city close to the Cumberland Infirmary. Perfect FTB or BTL.
"An immaculately presented, newly refurbished, two double bedroom, mid-terraced property with first floor bathroom and garden situated in the popular area of Denton Holme just a five minute walk to the city centre and railway station. The double glazed and gas central heated accommodation is ne..."
"Found in the heart of Carlisle city centre in the convenient area of Botchergate is this traditional 2 bedroom terraced house with on street parking to the front and a private yard to the rear. The accommodation is spacious throughout with living room, and dining/kitchen and utility room to the g..."
"Situated within walking distance of the city centre this well-presented, two bedroom, terraced property briefly comprising modern kitchen, lounge, conservatory, two good size bedrooms and bathroom. Low maintenance block paved rear yard. Situated in a popular location close to a variety of loca..."
" *** MUST BE VIEWED *** TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK! - FREE MORTGAGE ADVICE AVAILABLE ON THIS PROPERTY. LOVELY 2 BEDROOM TERRACED PROPERTY, NOT TO BE MISSED, IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS, YOUNG FAMILIES AND INVESTORS!! Spacious accommodation, WELL PRESEN..."
A three storey townhouse with three bedrooms and two bathrooms situated just a short walk into the city centre and close to the Cumberland Infirmary.   The double glazed and electric heated accommodation does require some upgrading throughout as reflected in the price. The prope...
"First Time Buyers take a closer look at 20 Whinsmoor Drive, a beautifully presented two bedroom end link home offered to the market in immaculate decorative order throughout. Ready to move straight into and being a great first step onto the property ladder, this lovely home benefits from a modern..."
"This extended, semi-detached property has two bedrooms and two bathrooms, gardens and off-street parking and is situated in a cul-de-sac in Morton Park. The property is in need of some modernisation and has double glazing and gas central heating. Off the entrance hall is a lounge with gas fire..."
"This three bedroom, semi-detached property is an ideal first time buy or investment property equally suitable to a growing family. The accommodation is in need of some refurbishment as reflected in the price and provides scope for those looking to put their own stamp on a property. To the grou..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, a well presented first floor apartment situated in a prime City Centre location above the Lanes Shopping Centre on Scotch Street. EPC rating grade C. Council tax band A. Leasehold 141 years remaining."
"A newly renovated property which has been modernised throughout with newly fitted kitchen and bathroom, full electrical re-wire, new central heating system with 5 year warranty on the boiler, newly fitted carpets and flooring. The property is ideal for a first time buyer, an investor or those ..."
"BPK are pleased to offer this ready to move in, well maintained Two Bedroom Terraced House. Newly decorated and newly carpeted throughout making it perfect for a first time buyer or a buy to let property. Situated within walking distance to the city centre with shops, doctors and other amenities..."
A well presented two bedroom end terraced property to the west of the city within easy access of local amenities. Early viewing advised. EPC rating is Grade C. Council tax band A.
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, a two bedroom mid terrace home within walking distance of the City Centre. EPC rating grade C. Council tax band A."
"A beautifully appointed two bedroom mid terraced house presented to the market in turn key condition and making an excellent first time buy or buy to let. Positioned on this quiet side street and convenient for Carlisle City Centre. Accommodation comprises Entrance into Lounge, Modern Fitted Dini..."
"An immaculately presented, neutrally decorated, mid-link property situated to the North of the River in a quiet position. Ideal for local shops, park and only a few minutes from the City Centre. Entrance into hallway, leading to neutral kitchen with a good range of wall and base units, integrated..."
"Situated in the ever-popular ‘Pennine View Close’ development, to the south of Carlisle…I present to you this beautiful and spacious two double-bedroom ground-floor apartment with allocated parking, maintained communal gardens and you’re very own private terrace! QUOTE..."
"Homesearch Direct is pleased to offer to the market this traditional, well presented mid terraced house situated in a sought after residential location to the North of Carlisle. Making an ideal purchase for first time buyers or the buy to let market, the property is being sold with no ongoing cha..."
"A three bedroom, two reception semi-detached property situated just outside the city centre close to all local amenities. The double glazed and gas central heated accommodation benefits from lounge with bay window, rear sitting room, kitchen with utility area, two first floor double bedrooms, ..."
A modern first floor apartment on a popular development. Superbly located to the West of the city. The property is being marketed under the Low Cost Housing Scheme for Carlisle City Council and is being sold at 80% of the full market value. Sold with no onward chain this is an excellent choice...
Take a look at this two bedroom mid terrace on Currock Street. Ideally located for bus routes and local amenities. A great contender for first time buyers. 
"A rare opportunity to purchase a two bedroom end link bungalow situated to the east of the city in an established residential area with communal gardens, located at the head of a cul-de-sac."
"This traditional two bedroom terraced property is situated in a quiet no-through road just off Warwick Road with an open outlook to the front with a green area and childrens park. The double glazed and central heated accommodation comprises lounge, dining kitchen, two bedrooms, family bathroom..."
"This two bedroom mid-link terraced property benefits from being newly modernised and refurbished throughout with brand new fitted kitchen and bathroom, new carpets and flooring. The UPVC double glazed and gas central heated accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, lounge, dining kitchen,..."
"With 2 DOUBLE BEDROOMS & ATTIC SPACE- This mid terrace in need of some modernisation, located within the ever-popular Urban Village of Denton Holme. The property offers great living space throughout including great sized living room and kitchen diner downstairs with two double bedrooms and a furt..."
"Located in the City Centre, a well presented first floor two bedroom apartment arranged over two floors. EPC rating is grade D. Council tax band B."
"A spacious mid terraced property in Currock within easy access of local amenities, shops, schools and bus routes. Comprises, open plan living dining room, kitchen, two bedrooms and attic room. EPC rating is grade D. Council tax band A."
"*** BEING SOLD WITH A LONG STANDING TENANT WHO IS CURRENTLY PAYING £485.00 PER CALENDAR MONTH*** Homesearch Direct is pleased to offer to the market this spacious, three bedroom semi detached family house situated at the head of a cul-de-sac in this quiet residential location to the West o..."
A rare opportunity to purchase a beautifully appointed and fully furnished Grade II Listed ground floor apartment situated in the heart of Carlisle City Centre. This charming property boasts many original period features with a modern touch. The property has been utilised as a successful Airbnb r...
"This two bedroom, mid-terraced property offers two reception rooms, modern kitchen, ground floor bathroom and two double bedrooms with a private rear yard and on-street parking. The property has UPVC double glazed windows fitted throughout which are less than 8 years old. The roof has also bee..."
"This two bedroom, traditional, mid-terraced property is ideal for a first time buyer also a perfect opportunity for an investor as it has previously been a successful rental property. With modern kitchen and bathroom the property is in good decorative order throughout and would be available to..."
"Situated on a quiet pedestrianised street, this two double bedroom, two reception room, terraced property would make an ideal first time buy or buy to let investment.  South View Terrace is situated just off London Road on a quiet street only five minutes walk into the city centre an..."
"Situated conveniently for the University of Cumbria is this deceptively spacious mid terraced house which has been a successful student let, generating an income of £900 PCM. The property has been recently decorated and is also just a short walk into Carlisle City Centre. Accommodation comp..."
"A two bedroom, two reception room terraced property situated in the popular residential area of Denton Holme. The double glazed and gas central heated accommodation briefly comprises lounge with electric fire, sitting room and galley kitchen. To the first floor are two double bedrooms and four..."
"Homesearch Direct is pleased to offer to the market this spacious first floor flat situated in a popular residential location just off London Road to the South of Carlisle. Perfect for a variety of purchasers, the property boasts a wealth of local amenities on its doorstep and is conveniently loc..."
"READY MADE INVESTMENT. Found to the West of Carlisle, close to local amenities & within walking distance of the city centre, an excellent opportunity to acquire ownership of a popular style, mid terraced mid-terrace property, currently with 3 let rooms with good tenants generating an income..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, a well presented first floor apartment situated in a prime City Centre location above the Lanes Shopping Centre which briefly comprises of entrance hall, living room with gas fire, fitted kitchen, one double bedroom and a three piece bathroom. The prope..."
"***IDEAL BUY TO LET or FIRST TIME BUYER*** Low service charges!!. A spacious, neutrally decorated first floor apartment in the popular Church conversion at Methodist Court. Entrance hall with secure entry phone system. Large Open plan lounge/Kitchen diner with modern kitchen. Appliances include i..."
A two bedroom mid terrace property with two reception rooms in need of updating. Ideally suited for investors or first time buyers. 
"Here is a perfect rental investment or opportunity for first time buyers to buy a two bedroom mid terrace traditional property, located south Carlisle, within walking distance of the city centre and the University campus on Fusehill St. There is a handy bus route and very convenient amenities nea..."
"Located in a popular residential area, to the fringe of the city centre, within easy walking distance of a host of local amenities and the University Fusehill Street Campus, a 2 bedroom mid-link property in a courtyard setting, with allocated off road parking space to the front."
"Wow, this is really something… situated in one of the city's most quiet and loved locations you’ll find the absolutely fantastic 8 Melrose Terrace! If your looking for that perfect first step onto the property ladder, then look no further! QUOTE LI0465.
"
"Purplebricks are proud to bring this Terraced House on Dalston Street onto Market. This property will be ideal first time home or the perfect investment property ready to go for the open rental market. The Lounge has plenty of space for a range of furniture, feature fireplace, under stairs stora..."
"A spacious, well-presented, first floor apartment situated in the popular Mills development in Denton Holme just a ten minute walk to the city centre and close to Holme Head bay waterfall with pleasant walks along the Carlisle to Dalston cycle path. The well-maintained communal areas have the ..."
"What an apartment… absolutely sublime! Without a doubt one of the most stylish and quirky pads in the city. This delightful two-bedroom apartment is situated in the iconic Grade II Listed ‘Johnson Mill’ development, perfect for creative types, professionals, investors a..."
"An attractively presented and spacious two bedroom ground floor flat situated in this popular residential location, convenient for Carlisle City Centre. Benefiting from a newly fitted kitchen and bathroom as well as complete new flooring and decor throughout. This property is ready for immediate ..."
"This third-floor apartment is well presented throughout and enjoys wonderful far-reaching views. Complete with spacious living dining room, double bedroom and an allocated parking space in the communal garage, this property is perfect for first time buyers, investors or those looking for a city c..."
"A two bedroom terraced property in need of some modernisation situated to the west of the city close to the Cumberland Infirmary. The central heated accommodation has a spacious lounge, kitchen, rear hallway and ground floor bathroom. To the first floor are two double bedrooms."
Springbok Properties offers this well presented two bedroom flat to the market. Situated in the heart of Carlisle Viewing is advised. 
INVESTMENT ONLY This first floor flat is being sold with a sitting tenant. 
A spacious and well maintained second floor apartment offered for sale with no onward chain and benefiting from garage parking and pleasant views across the city. EPC rating D. Council tax band B.
A two bedroom extended terraced home located in the popular 'Urban Village' of Denton Holme. The property has an excellent open plan dining kitchen and two good size bedrooms. Some refurbishment is required.
"This two bedroom, mid-terraced property is situated in a popular residential area and is in need of complete modernisation throughout. The property is realistically priced, ideal for those looking to do a “property flip”, a first time buyer or buy to let investor. Offering lounge, ..."
"Ideal as a first time buy, or with great buy to let potential, set in a popular area, in easy walking distance of the town centre and close to local facilities, amenities and the Cumberland Infirmary, a purpose built, top floor apartment offering two double bedroomed accommodation (the master bei..."
"A well presented 2 bedroom ground floor flat situated within this highly sought after area of Stanwix. Located conveniently close to local shops and amenities. The property is 75% ownership, there is an age restriction of over 55s and you must be retired. Benefits include electric storage heating..."
"A superb opportunity to acquire a two bedroom ground floor flat situated within this sought after development. The property benefits from gas central heating and triple glazing and a Careline Energy Call System. The accommodation briefly comprises: Hall, Living Room, Kitchen, 2 double Bedrooms..."
A ground floor flat ideally suited for investors or first time buyers. Within easy access from the designated parking area sitting amongst quiet communal grounds. 
"Located in a quiet part of this always popular and sought after area to the north of the city, in a cul-de-sac setting with easy access to transport links to the town centre and the facilities and amenities of Kingstown and Stanwix Village, a 1st floor, 70% shared ownership 2 bed flat for the ove..."
"A two Bedroomed ground floor retirement apartment, located to the North of Carlisle, ideally positioned for access to local amenities and access routes across the city. This 70% shared ownership of the property is available to persons over the age of 55 and also retired.
"
"An opportunity to purchase a 70% share of this ground floor apartment situated North of the river, subject to age restrictions. EPC rating D. Council tax band B."
A two bedroom ground floor shared ownership retirement apartment located in small development of homes to the north of the city in a peaceful residential area. Price denotes a 70% share - qualifying criteria applies.
"A semi-detached bungalow in the popular Morton area of Carlisle, there is a range of amenities close by and ease of access to public transport links. The bungalow offers two double bedrooms, kitchen, four-piece family bathroom and living room, leading to out to the well-stocked garden. The proper..."
AUCTION SALE 18 April 2023 - Freehold Site with Planning PermissionPlanning Granted for Two DwellingsFull Vacant PossessionTO SELL YOUR PROPERTY IN OUR NEXT AUCTION CALL US NOW
