Summary
"* DESIRABLE AREA * OPEN-PLAN DINING AREA/KITCHEN. A three bedroom detached bungalow forming part of a small cul-de-sac off Whites Meadow in the popular suburb of Great Boughton. The accommodation briefly comprises: spacious reception hallway, cloakroom/WC with built-in storage cupboard, open-plan..."
"An exceptional residential and equestrian farm with arable, grassland and woodland in a highly sought after and accessible location."
"Property located in Secret Address, Chester "
An elegant period house in a highly sought-after location.
"An impressive family home set in over an acre, with heated swimming pool, tennis court and a self-contained cottage."
"Conveniently situated within 3.5 miles of Chester City Centre this impressive Detached Five Bedroom Family Home offers well proportioned characterful accommodation set within 1.25 acres of secluded formal gardens which includes a Heated Swimming Pool, Tennis Court, Large Garage Block with versati..."
"Set back along an architecturally unique road, furnished with distinctive homes and a strong community feel, discover the delights of Victoria Lodge, just a short walk from the Jubilee Bridge and the riverside thrall and buzz of Chester."
"An exceptional residential and equestrian farm with arable, grassland and woodland in a highly sought after and accessible location"
A truly outstanding Victorian detached family property set in 3.7 Acres with a licenced caravan touring park in the most picturesque setting and with direct access to the Shropshire Union Canal to the rear.
"IMPOSING DETACHED COUNTRY HOME, LANDSCAPED GROUNDS (MAINTAINED), SECURE GATED DEVELOPMENT. Reades is delighted to offer for sale Park House - an imposing country home enjoying a stunning semi-rural setting, occupying a sizeable plot within a private, gated development, on the outskirts of the..."
"With stunning countryside views to all sides yet only 3 miles from Chester city centre is this superb 6/7 bedroom detached residence situated in a plot of over 1/2 an acre. With spacious, light and airy rooms and flexible living spaces, this would be ideal for the growing family"
"Rural, yet not remote, Mount Farm is an imposing yet friendly-looking farmhouse set along an adopted road, within seven acres of gardens and grounds and with walks at the doorstep, Mount Farm lies to the north of Chester, providing easy access to road and rail networks. "
"From the moment you lead down the private driveway from Upton Lane and approach this stunning and very individual detached family home, you will instantly be intrigued over what the inside has to offer. Having undergone a truly outstanding transformation, every box has been ticked and no stone le..."
"Experience luxury living in this stunning executive 4-bedroom Art Deco detached home located in the sought-after neighborhood of Lache Lane, Chester, Cheshire. Boasting light & spacious living areas where the character and features of the old house have been retained and restored and cleverly..."
"An excellent family home with land and outbuildings, in a highly sought-after area."
A superb family house with separate guest flat.
***PRICE REDUCTION*** 6 LUXURY APARTMENTS LET AS HOLIDAY LETS IN THE CONCORDE HOUSE DEVELOPMENT IN CHESTER CITY CENTRE
"Sitting in lovely gardens and grounds in Chester's most prestigious postcode, Orchard House offers potential to improve and extend."
LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION Swetenhams are delighted to present this four bedroom semi-detached property located in one of Chester's most desirable locations. Enviably positioned with far reaching views across the racecourse and the City's Skyline. Viewing a must!
** Show home opening 7th March call to pre-register** Five bedroom architecturally designed townhouse set within a prestigious new build development.
"OF INTEREST TO PRIVATE BUYERS, DEVELOPERS AND INVESTORS A substantial period property with coach house in a desirable location close to the city centre comprising 7 self-contained units producing a 7% yield based on the current rental income of circa £67,000 per annum. "
"A fantastic family house with potential to modernise, in a highly sought-after residential area."
"Architecturally remodeled inside and out, discover easy flow living with a stylish edge in the sought-after village of Christleton, close to the primary and secondary schools. Unrecognisable from its 1960s origins, No. 10, Rowan Park has been stripped back and reinvented for the 21st century. "
"An attractive semi-detached late Victorian property together with a detached Coach House with extensive parking, situated within walking distance of Chester. Total internal area: 5955 sq ft (552 sq m)"
"* TOP FLOOR APARTMENT WITH VIEWS ACROSS CHESTER SKYLINE & TOWARDS BICKERTON HILLS. A one bedroom fifth floor apartment forming part of a landmark development along City Road, conveniently situated within walking distance of the city centre, the Shropshire Union Canal and Chester railway station...."
"A fantastic detached family home which is ideally situated, close to so many local amenities and within walking distance of both primary and secondary schools. Ideal for a young couple or family; the property ticks so many of those important boxes including a well-presented interior, driveway par..."
"This strikingly impressive home boasts well presented, light and spacious accommodation throughout, located within a highly regarded village and situated within a ten minute drive from Chester city centre with easy access to local motorway networks."
"This impressive Substantial Victorian Family home is a rare opportunity in Hoole to own a well maintained period property with the potential for an income. This extensive property which was run as a bed and breakfast, also offers with a large enjoining extension to the rear which cont..."
A detached four bedroom family home in a much sought after location on the fringes of the city centre.
"** STUNNING NEW EXECUTIVE FAMILY HOME IN A HIGHLY SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION ** Introducing this stunning and modern 4-bedroom detached property, located in the highly sought-after, Park Road West in Chester."
"One of two amazing refurbishments! Set over 3 floors to include a beautiful family room, 4 double bedrooms, 2 luxuriously appointed ensuites and 2 bathrooms. Basement with potential for a gym/storage and 2 cars gated parking."
"A spacious and free-flowing family home within a large plot, located in a sought-after residential setting."
A deceptively spacious and beautifully presented luxurious detached family home set in its own grounds. Complete with timber cabin having its own bar and lounge area and a hot tub!
A spacious and extended family home in a prime residential address within a short walk of Chester city centre and the River Dee.
An exceptionally well presented family house in a highly sought-after location.
A delightful 5 bedroom semi-detached family home in the sought-after location of Upton Park within striking distance of Bache station
"Situated in a popular and most convenient location, an outstanding, BRAND NEW, detached family home with EXCEPTIONAL SPECIFICATIONS and superb flexible accommodation throughout. Landscaped private gardens, gated entrance opening onto the driveway providing off road parking for several vehicles a..."
IMMACULATE FAMILY HOME IN POPULAR SOUGHT-AFTER AREA Don't miss out on the chance to make this extended detached property your new family home! Homes on this road do not come up often... so book your viewing to really appreciate how spectacular every part of the property is. From th...
"Nestled on the banks of the river, in the heart of the city, welcome to No. 7, The Groves. An historic home dating back to the 1800s, and an iconic part of Chester's riviera, enjoy the hustle and bustle of life along the riverside during the day, followed by tranquil nights within the cocooning w..."
Forming part of the exclusive 'Mount Barns' development of similar luxury barn conversions; this spacious four-bedroom character home boasts a wealth of features including a stunning luxury dining kitchen and separate living room with feature fireplace. Viewing Essential!
"A brand new barn style property offering spacious accommodation of around 3,597 sq ft, located in a pretty Cheshire village close to the historic city of Chester"
"* PICTURESQUE VILLAGE LOCATION * APPROX 2.5 MILES FROM CHESTER * LARGE GAMES/BILLIARDS ROOM. An attractive four bedroom detached cottage prominently situated along Village Road in the highly sought-after village of Christleton, recently named by the Sunday Times as 'one of the top 10 places to li..."
"This superbly designed modern ""Redrow"" homes designed family home being one of the popular and rarely available ""Richmond"" style. The property which is kept in immaculate order and has been well improved with a newly installed ""Vaillant"" combination boiler as well a..."
"Once in a while a property comes to market that we are truly proud to market, this is one of those properties! This stunning detached bungalow is situated along one of Upton's most sought after roads and oozes with kerb appeal from the moment you arrive. Its elevated position and fresh render..."
"A four bedroom detached house forming part of a collection of 21 beautiful new build homes accessed via a private road off Lache Lane, one of Chester’s most sought after addresses."
"***LAST TWO PLOTS REMAINING*** Situated in the heart of one of Chester’s most sought after neighbourhoods, St Michael’s Park is a distinct development of just 20 new homes of character finished to an exacting specification. St Michael’s Park lies along a private road off Lache Lane and c..."
ONLY FOUR PLOTS REMAINING! A four bedroom detached house forming part of a collection of 21 beautiful new build homes accessed via a private road off Lache Lane.
"The Balmoral is a 4 BEDROOM DETACHED home with a OPEN PLAN KITCHEN, a seperate UTILITY room, a seperate LONGUE & 2 luxury EN-SUITES."
The Henley is a FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED home with a huge OPEN PLAN LIVING AREA stretching width of property as well as a SEPARATE LOUNGE & 2 EN-SUITE BEDROOMS.
"LOVED SINCE 1977. A four bedroomed, extended property in Boughton with a private rear garden, driveway and garage. This home is situated on a quiet no through road in Boughton, just 5 minutes drive or walking distance to Chester City Centre. This property has been loved by its current o..."
"Privately tucked away behind secure electric gates, discover Moorcroft, a characterful period home nestled on the cusp of Waverton and Christleton. Ample parking is available on the broad gravel driveway for multiple vehicles - ideal when entertaining in this sociable period home, where tradition..."
"** LAST ONE REMAINING** With its handsome bay front, stylish soffits and canopied porch, No. 3, Regents Court is a home with presence. Park up to three cars along the driveway, before making your way along the Indian stone paved pathway of the front garden to the sage green, solid wood front do..."
"This superbly designed modern ""Redrow"" homes designed family home being one of the popular and rarely available ""Richmond"" style. The property has a blank canvas feel with neutral décor throughout with pleasant outlooks to the front. The accommodation which is excellent ..."
"A contemporary 4 bedroom home within an exclusive new development of only 13 homes situated in a private location off Plas Newton Lane, in Upton-by- Chester."
"* SUBSTANTIAL FAMILY HOME * WONDERFUL OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN, DINING & FAMILY ROOM WITH BI-FOLDING DOORS TO OUTSIDE * FIVE BEDROOMS. A beautifully presented five bedroom semi-detached house located along a tree lined road in the sought after suburb of Hoole. The accommodation, which has been extended..."
"The Sunningdale is a 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME featuring an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM, a Seperate LOUNGE AND SNUG, 2 EN-SUITE BEDROOMS and an integral double GARAGE"
"A PROVEN RENTAL OPPORTUNITY AND PERFECT AS A HOLIDAY LET, a charming Grade II Listed 4-bedroom townhouse located within the City Walls close to the city’s leisure and retail facilities"
"Located within the highly desirable village of Guilden Sutton, this superb, family home with four bedrooms and an extra fifth bedroom in the annexe offers light and spacious, contemporary accommodation throughout as well as having a self contained annex which is not immediately obvious when obser..."
"A home with history, character, and masses of untapped potential, nestled in one of Chester's premier locations, fall in love with the romance of Park Lodge in Curzon Park South. Nestled along a prestigious and peaceful one-way street, Park Lodge is a rare gem, with a rich history. Originally hom..."
"Imagine experiencing that sense of holiday relaxation, every time you return home from work? Turn your imagination into reality, at 4 Mount Barns, Poplar Hall Lane, in the charming west Cheshire village of Chorlton by Backford only a short drive from Chester. "
Situated on a private and secluded corner plot with a south westerly facing side and rear garden this well extended 1935 built home makes a superb family home in walking distance of popular schooling. The property which retains much of its original character whilst boasting a two storey rear ext...
"A period bay fronted five bedroom semi detached residence occupying a pleasant elevated position in an established residential area close to the city. With spacious rooms, high ceilings and character features, this lovely home would be great for the growing family"
"** Show home now open** Four bedroom architecturally designed townhouse set with a prestigious new build development.
"
"A rare opportunity to purchase this outstanding barn conversion on the outskirts of Chester. Finished to a very high standard, with a beautiful interior style and modern cottage features. The property is deceptively spacious with four double bedrooms, a luxury modern bathroom, ample living areas..."
"An opportunity not to be missed! This beautiful and spacious family home is located in the thriving village of Waverton and offers a fantastic amount of living space along with far reaching views over farmland towards Beeston Castle at the rear. A rare find, this property offers four good sized b..."
"An extended four bedroom mid 1960s detached house, with attractive and established gardens, superb aspects to the rear towards Upton golf course, and an extremely popular location to the north of Chester. Being sold by the family of the only owners from when the property was newly cons..."
"A terrific four bedroom, two bathroom, four reception room detached house, located in a superb cul de sac within Waverton village set in a lovely plot with east facing garden and wide driveway "
"Privacy, Education, Character and Scope. A pleasant and central setting in an ever popular village known for its warm hearted community spirit! This property has it all!"
A UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE THREE PROPERTIES! This is a truly unique opportunity to purchase a substantial 5 bedroom family home along with two separate one bedroom flats that have the option to be sold with vacant possession or tenanted and have provided the current owners with a superb ext...
We are delighted to bring to the market this beautiful four bedroom detached property set back from Parkgate Road with a large driveway and large lawned area.
"Swetenhams are delighted to present to market this four bedroom detached property in one of Chesters most sought after locations. The property benefits from gardens to front and rear, off road parking, double garage and ample local amenities as well as being close to Chester City Centre."
* IDEAL FAMILY HOME * THREE RECEPTION ROOMS & FOUR GOOD SIZE BEDROOMS. An attractive four-bedroom detached house occupying a delightful position along Vaughans Lane in the popular suburb of Great Boughton. The area is well served by a wide range of local amenities and there are both primary and s...
"We're delighted to offered to market this spacious Four Bedroomed detached home located within the highly desirable and sought-after village of Waverton. The home enjoys a fantastic position within the cul-de-sac, bordering fields to rear, and enviable views can be enjoyed from the first floor. A..."
"A stunning two double bedroom penthouse apartment in Chester City Centre, close to the Racecourse. With a large south facing balcony with incredible views over the river & North Wales & high quality luxury fixtures and fittings, this would be ideal for a purchaser looking for space and luxury living"
A modern second floor 2 bedroom apartment within a short walk of Chester City Centre. The property is well appointed and has UPVC double glazing. There is allocated and ample visitor parking. Ideal for a first time buyer or investor. NO ONWARD CHAIN.
Very spacious 4 bedroom detached bungalow with an attached garage and ample parking. Set in a small cul-de-sac the bungalow has extensive rear gardens with a sunny aspect. In addition there is the benefit of planning consent to create a substantial extension to give the bungalow huge potential.
Traditional Farm Buildings with planning consent and modern farm buildings.
The Shaftesbury is a 4 BEDROOM DETACHED home with a SPACIOUS INTERIOR including LARGE SEPARATE LOUNGE and OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM. First floor boasts 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS with an EN-SUITE to the master.
"The Shaftesbury is a 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME which features an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY area, an EN-SUITE to the MASTER BEDROOM & a DETACHED single GARAGE."
"Situated in the popular district of Saighton just outside the city, this detached family home provides an excellent range of accommodation including open-plan kitchen/dining space, large living room and four bedrooms. There is also a double garage and landscaped garden to the rear."
"A substantial penthouse apartment in a sought-after village setting with lovely views, along with a share of communal grounds and paddock. Current lease can be extended to 164 years."
THREE BEDROOM DETACHED home with SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/FAMILY AREA and a LARGE SEPARATE LOUNGE. An EN-SUITE to EVERY BEDROOM and a walk-in wardrobe to the master.
"* LOCATED ALONG A DESIRABLE ROAD CLOSE TO HOUGH GREEN * FLEXIBLE LAYOUT * GATED DRIVEWAY WITH GARAGE & WORKSHOP. An attractive three/four bedroom semi-detached bungalow located along a tree-lined part of Glan Aber Park in Chester. The accommodation briefly comprises: entrance porch, entrance hall..."
"Situated in a greatly sought-after location, this very well presented mature semi-detached family home has the added benefit of having a self contained annex to the rear, perfect for guests or even a well positioned air BNB. Close to town and the Countess of Chester Hospital, it also well served ..."
"Beautifully presented through-out, this excellent detached family home is situated on an exceptionally popular development, with good access to local amenities. Featuring a large living kitchen which has Bi-fold doors opening into the manicured rear garden, it provides an comfortable living space..."
"An opportunity not to be missed! This beautiful family home is located in the thriving village of Waverton and offers a fantastic amount of living space that's been tastefully modernised by our current sellers to offer that 'turnkey' home. A rare find, this property offers three good ..."
"We are proud to present this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £500,000 - £550,000*"
"An inter-war three bedroom detached bungalow, with larger than average mature gardens, useful loft room/attic space, considerable future potential, and a very popular village location to the south of Chester. With bungalows in ever short supply, particularly those with the scope for pr..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this handsome detached house. Offering a rare opportunity, the sale of this property will attract a high level of interest. Whilst being well presented and very well maintained there is huge potential to further extend and enhance the property to ..."
"Was £550,000 (08/11/22 to 03/03/23) Reduced to Offers Over £500,000. A truly beautiful, impressive and unique characterful home in the centre of Mickle Trafford with stunning garden and double garage. A 3 bed Detached home which has been used as a 4 bed and has great p..."
"*HIGH SPECIFICATION BUY-TO-LET INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY* Mr Investa are pleased to offer for sale this SIMPLY STUNNING four double bedroom, two bathroom, three storey mid mews townhouse, situated within the city walls of Chester City Centre. This exclusive property is 1 of only 4 in this HIGHLY SOU..."
"The 5 bedroom, 2.5 storey Felton has views of open green space and complete with a double garage."
This stunning 5 bed Felton home is set back from the road with a front of green space.
"NO ONWARD CHAIN A substantially extended and tastefully modernised four bedroom post-war detached house with superb kitchen/dining/day room, lawned gardens and an extremely popular residential location just over a mile from the Chester city centre. Argosy is a classic post-war detached..."
"A unique opportunity to own a substantial period home in the heart of Hoole, one of the most desirable locations in Chester. This is perfect for a family or investor as it is currently set up as individual apartments on each floor and has no onward chain. This property is in great con..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. A fully licensed 10 BEDROOM HMO within a short walk of the main university campus on Cheyney Road. All furniture included. Presently fully let and providing WE UNDERSTAND a gross rental of £ 49,868 per annum. The property has been let for next academic year with gross..."
A wonderful example of a four double bedroom detached family home situated in the desirable area of Mollington. This lovely home has ample space for the growing family & fantastic outside space too. The property is offered for sale with no ongoing chain & is ready to move into.Book your viewing 24/7
The Oxford Lifestyle is a 3 BEDROOM DETACHED home with an EN-SUITE to each BEDROOM along with a WALK-IN DRESSING ROOM to the master BEDROOM. Ground floor boasts an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM along with SEPARATE UTILITY and CLOAKS ROOM as well as a SEPARATE LOUNGE and INTEGRAL GARAGE.
"The Oxford is a 4 BEDROOM DETACHED home with an Extensive OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM along with a SEPARATE UTILITY, a LARGE SEPARATE LOUNGE, an EN-SUITE MASTER BEDROOM & a integral single GARAGE"
"Situated in a pleasant cul-de-sac, this modern detached bungalow must be viewed to be appreciated, offering spacious living space, very well presented, and located in a popular village location. Having gas central heating and double glazing it comprises; spacious reception hall, large living room..."
"One of a kind. Deceptively spacious, considerable character and with an L-shaped garden for longer enjoyment of the sun."
"An extended, link-detached family home offering flexible accommodation and offering great potential. Situated in the corner of a quiet cul de sac in the popular area of Guilden Sutton on the outskirts of Chester the accommodation to the ground floor comprises Entrance Porch, Reception Hall, Study..."
"* IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY * CLOSE TO CITY CENTRE & UNIVERSITY OF CHESTER. A substantial terraced property, skillfully converted into three flats providing an excellent investment opportunity. FLAT ONE: A duplex-style flat set over two floors with four letting rooms and a walled court..."
***VIEWINGS COMMENCING JANUARY 23rd*** A 'blank canvas' modern family home in fantastic condition arrives on the market in the Saighton development. This four-bedroom detached property is finished to a high standard and is brilliant for a family looking for a bit more space! It is located down a...
"Situated alongside one of Chester’s most sought-after thoroughfares, this beautiful semidetached property has in recent years undergone a program of full modernisation throughout and now presents internally and externally to the very highest standard. And benefiting from both UPVC double glazing ..."
"Set within a quiet and secure gated development, this contemporary top floor apartment comes with a share of the freehold, this bright and spacious apartment comes with two double bedrooms, two bathrooms, two parking spaces and benefits from having a recently refitted bespoke kitchen, underfloor ..."
***MUST BE VIEWED*** Take a look at this beautifully presented four bedroom semi detached family home located on a highly desirable residential road in Curzon Park. The accommodation is generous perfect for a family looking for modern fixtures and fittings. The property comprises of an entran...
"Situated within Curzon Park whilst being a short walk away from Hough Green & Westminster Park, ""Casa Mia"" offers a great location together with lots of potential to extend and improve. A particular feature of this detached home is a very private walled south westerly facing rear g..."
* PERIOD TOWN HOUSE WITHIN THE CITY WALLS * FLEXIBLE LAYOUT OVER FOUR FLOORS * BALCONY WITH VIEWS TO REAR. An attractive three/four bedroom townhouse style property ideally located inside the city walls in the heart of the city. The accommodation briefly comprises: reception hall with Minton-st...
"A well proportioned three storey, three bedroom, two bathroom 1980s mid town house, with study/home office, south facing balcony and patio garden, garage, parking space, and an extremely sought after conservation area location within the city walls of Chester. The situation of this pro..."
"NO ONGOING CHAIN. A substantially extended 4/5 bedroom, two bathroom, 1963 detached house, incorporating an extremely useful one bedroom annexe suite/home office, and having the additional benefits of a South West facing rear garden, ample driveway, larger than average corner plot, and a highly r..."
"The Marlow is a 4 BEDROOM DETACHED home with a OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM with a SEPARATE UTILITY, an EN-SUITE to the MASTER BEDROOM & a integral single GARAGE."
"An extended five bedroom, two bathroom, 1980’s detached house, with attractive south facing rear garden, solar PV cell array, solar hot water heating system, and a sought after as well as convenient cul-de-sac location to the south east of Chester and a short walk from the Caldy Valley Natu..."
"A spacious 4 double bedroom family home set in the highly desirable area of Westminster Park, set within the catchment for Kings and Queens schools plus within walking distance of Chester Race Course and City Centre it’s a perfect family home The garage has been converted by the current owners i..."
"Ashton and Grosvenor Estate Agents are delighted to welcome to the market place this mature, eceptionally well presented and spacious, detached extended family home where only an internal inspection can appreciate the high standard of living."
A delightful and most spacious 3 bedroom detached dormer bungalow set in a cul-de-sac within popular Upton. The bungalow is well appointed throughout and with a very attractive private rear garden and parking for several cars to the front. UPVC double glazed. Early internal viewing strongly advised.
"* LARGE DETACHED DORMER STYLE PROPERTY * POPULAR VILLAGE LOCATION. An individually designed four bedroom detached dormer style property ideally situated along Church Road in the popular village of Saughall. The accommodation, which offers scope for further enhancement, briefly comprises: open por..."
"Rarely do you see a better location than this! An extended four bedroom semi detached family home with spacious living spaces and bedrooms. Overlooking a large green area and with a sunny landscaped rear garden, this lovely home could not be situated in a better position. Viewing day 15th April"
"An extended 3 bedroom semi detached character family home in one of Chester’s most popular areas. With a stunning open plan kitchen/dining room & two further receptions, larger than average rear garden which backs on to playing fields, this property won’t be around for long! Book your viewing 24/7"
"An extended and most substantial 4 bedroom detached family home in the heart of popular Vicars Cross. The property has an integral garage, parking to the front and rear garden. Hall, living room, dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, study and cloakroom. 4 bedrooms, WC and bathroom. NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"An extended early 1920’s three bedroom semi detached house with a degree of future potential, much larger than average south west facing rear garden and an extremely sought after residential location approximately a mile from the Chester city centre. Curzon Park in general and Pa..."
A superb three storey detached new build property finished to an extremely high specification throughout with high quality fitments and adaptable open plan living accommodation. The house occupies a private yet accessible location in Hoole with ample off-road parking and enclosed rear garden.
"A unique detached dorma bungalow in the heart of the village Saughall. This is a large extended property freshly decorated with benefits such as a double garage, off street parking and no onward chain all on this large plot of land. This property briefly comprises; spacious entrance h..."
"A three bedroom mid terraced property situated in a convenient location, having the benefit of spacious accommodation including a bathroom and separate w.c., off road parking and a south westerly rear garden."
"A recently renovated detached bungalow in a hugely sought after location finished to an extremely high standard throughout with spacious family accommodation including three bedrooms, open plan kitchen/living & dining area and landscaped garden to front and rear with driveway parking NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"Situated in the popular and conveniently located hamlet of Backford, this spacious five bedroomed detached family home is ideal for commuters traveling into the City or to Manchester and Wirral, and is just minutes away from the Countess of Chester Hospital. Well presented through-out, the accomm..."
"Viewing is strongly recommended to appreciate this exceptionally well presented three bedroom semi-detached family home offering light and airy living throughout offering the full benefits of gas fired central heating, double glazing."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this immaculate 4 bedroom detached house situated in the highly desirable area of Huntington. Boasting very spacious living accommodation which is perfect for the growing family and beautifully presented throughout, it is in move in condition. ..."
An opportunity has arisen to purchase this superbly located ground floor apartment overlooking the formal gardens and with great views of the Main Hall. This bright and sunny 2-bedroom apartment has been recently redecorated throughout with new carpets fitted and offers great accommodation. The ...
"Occupying a truly delightful situation in this highly sought after location, close to the centre of the village and the shropshire union canal and set in a superb principally shrubbery garden, a most carefully maintained and modernised post-war detached bungalow providing adaptable family accommo..."
"A superb bright spacious ground floor, two bedroom apartment with private patio. This immaculate apartment has been totally redecorated throughout. Located in Halston Building, it offers easy access for the formal gardens and Main Hall. Construction of Halston Building was completed in 2012.
The ..."
"An opportunity to purchase this superbly located ground floor two bedroom apartment with private patio. This bright and sunny apartment has been totally redecorated throughout and offers great accommodation. The superbly renovated 17th century Hall, which houses the communal facilities (comprisi..."
"An immaculate detached family home that has been fully renovated throughout to offer a ready to move in finish and is perfectly positioned on a generous sized plot, at the head of a quiet cul-de-sac. Throughout the property you will appreciate the modern décor and quality fittings, all toppe..."
"A superb spacious two bedroom property offers private views over the cricket fields and beyond. This immaculate apartment has been redecorated throughout and has new carpets fitted. Located in Eaton Building, it offers easy access for the formal gardens and Main Hall. Construction of Eaton Buildi..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** Extended to the rear, and situated on the edge of the village, this excellent detached property is a perfect family home, close to a superb village primary school, and having good road connections to Chester and the national road network. Having gas central heating and ..."
"A SUPERB DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED IN A POPULAR AND CONVENIENT LOCATION, AND SET ON A GENEROUS CORNER PLOT POSITION. Well presented through-out, this individual detached house has the unusual feature of bay windows to both the front and side elevations, providing light and airy living space w..."
* STUNNING COTTAGE * FINISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD * VIEWING ESSENTIAL. A former Grosvenor Estate semi-detached cottage occupying an elevated position on a sandstone ridge with views towards Edgars Field. The property is located within the Handbridge Conservation Area and is ideally situated just...
**STUNNING APARTMENT SET OVER THREE FLOORS**NO CHAIN** This spacious three bedroom triplex apartment is located a stones throw away from Chester city with many useful amenities & transport links within close proximity. The property is accessed via a communal entrance as well as a private under...
"VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE, SPACIOUS 4 BEDROOM BUNGALOW, AVAILABLE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN. This spacious bungalow is located towards the end of a quiet cul-de-sac at Tarrant Court, off Town Lane, in Mollington - a highly sought-after village on the outskirts of Chester City, Cheshire. Situated to..."
"Situated in one of the Cities most sought-after locations, this detached bungalow offers spacious accommodation that has to be viewed to be fully appreciated. With gas central heating and double glazing, internally it comprises; Impressive reception hall opening onto a spacious living room, break..."
"A larger than average 1970s four bedroom, two bathroom detached bungalow, with south facing rear garden, inherent modernisation potential, and a select inner private cul-de-sac location to the north of Chester. Upton in general and Iver Close in particular are ever popular locations, b..."
"View our stunning Ascot show home at Deva Green, Chester- a four bedroom detached home, perfect for modern family living. "
A stunning new development located within easy walking distance of Chester City Centre. Show home available to view plus a virtual reality tour of this brand new development... 
"The Shrewsbury is a 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME with a OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM with SEPARATE UTILITY, an EN-SUITE TO THE MASTER BEDROOM & a integral single GARAGE."
"A splendid opportunity to acquire a two bedroom ground floor apartment. The property forms part of the stunning conversion of Backford Hall, a wonderful Grade II listed mid 19th Century residence, standing proud within the desired and highly sought after Backford Park development. Viewing Advised"
"Fully refurbished spacious family home within walking distance of the City Centre. The accommodation comprises Entrance Hall, Cloakroom/WC, Living Room, Open Plan Kitchen/Diner with Refitted Kitchen and Bi-Folding Doors, Four Bedrooms and Bathroom. There is a garden to the front and a ..."
"NO CHAIN - TRULY A MUST VIEW!! If you are looking for an immaculate, detached bungalow in Westminster Park then look no further. This property truly is a must view and has been very well maintained over the years but still allows for some cosmetic modernisation if desired. The accommodation is we..."
"A STYLISH EXTENDED FAMILY HOME OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO ON-GOING CHAIN! Situated in a desirable residential location, excellent amenities are on your doorstep including a range of local shops, well regarded schools, close access to motorway links, Chester Zoo and Chester City around 10 minutes aw..."
"A spacious 4 bedroom link detached family home with open aspect over playing fields to the rear. In brief the property comprises Entrance hall, large living room, dining room, kitchen, conservatory and cloakroom. 4 bedrooms and three piece family bathroom. Gardens to front and rear, ample parking..."
"* LANDMARK DEVELOPMENT * LOCATED WITHIN THE CITY WALLS * SECURE BASEMENT CAR PARKING SPACE * A beautifully presented two-bedroom first-floor apartment forming part of Alexander House along Cuppin Street, with views towards the racecourse and Welsh hills. The accommodation briefly comprises: recep..."
"THIS TRUELY IMPRESSIVE TOWN HOUSE MUST BE VIEWED TO APPRECIATE THE AMAZING SPACE AND QUALITY. Situated close to the City Centre, next to the Shropshire Union Canal, a pleasant way to walk into Chester, the property is incredibly deceptive, providing accommodation set on three storeys, with a host..."
" PDA Estate Agents are pleased to present to the market this two-bedroom detached bungalow with great development opportunity.The bungalow itself comprises of two bedrooms, loft room/space, lounge, dining room, kitchen and a three-piece bathroom. All rooms are generous with space and light with ..."
"Forming part of an attractive barn conversion development, on the outskirts of Chester, near to Chester Zoo, this three storey property must be viewed to appreciate the dimensions of the living space provided, particularly the spacious living room. Enjoying attractive views across open farmland a..."
"VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE., IMMACULATE DETACHED HOME. This fantastic detached home is located along Emperor Avenue, part of the Kings Moat garden village development, close to Chester and in a prime location overlooking a green space. Once complete this stunning development will encompass a..."
"A unique 3 bed detached home in stunning condition throughout making use of its bright and spacious layout. This house has beautiful kerb appeal and benefits from off street parking. This property briefly comprises; impressive entrance hall which is bright with parquet flooring, from ..."
"A late 1960s three-bedroom detached house, with east facing rear garden, useful garage, inherent modernisation potential, and a highly regarded residential location to the north of Chester. An ever popular location Appleton Road in particular and Upton in general are repeat with access..."
"Coming soon, more pictures to follow, register your interest now. An extended 1930’s semi detached family home with a fantastic rear garden in one of Chester’s most sought after roads in Great Boughton. This great sized family homes gives a purchaser the opportunity to put their own stamp on it"
"We're delighted to bring to market this extended three bedroomed semi-detached home with outbuilding located in Hoole, one of Chester's most vibrant and sought-after locations. Knowlsey Road is superbly located close to the excellent range of amenities Hoole itself has to offer and the good trans..."
Complete with a single detached garage and large rear garden is this perfect 4 bed home.
"This traditional semi-detached home comes to the market offering a lovely finish throughout and is certainly one not to be missed! The interior is elegant in its décor, tasteful and stylish in finish, and with a fabulous amount of space; it's very easy to say this home has it all! Carefu..."
"A 1930s three bedroom semi detached house, with east facing rear garden, well proportioned accommodation, a useful garage and driveway, and a highly regarded residential location some one and a half miles from the Chester city centre. Boughton in general and Belgrave Road in particular..."
"EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPURTUNITY. A fully licensed 8 BEDROOM HMO within a short walk of the main university campus on Cheyney Road. All furniture included. Presently fully let and providing a gross rental of £33,748 per annum . NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"A well presented three bedroom detached Bungalow in the popular area, Westminster Park. Even though this lovely home is in great condition, there is plenty of scope for future development & is situated on a larger than average plot. With spacious rooms and a newly fitted bathroom, this is a must see"
"** No Further Viewings Available ** This property has been very popular and received a high level of enquiries, we are therefore no longer taking any new 1st viewings. If you would like to receive early property alerts or updates about this properties, please register directly via our website."
A stunning four bedroom family home with open-plan living spaces today! 
We can help you move to the four-bedroom Lymm home on the outskirts of Chester... 
A substantial 3 double bedroom semi detached dormer bungalow occupying an enviable position in the heart of Hough Green. The property does require internal refurbishment but has significant potential with the option to change the lay out of the home at the rear. Garage and parking to rear. NO ONW...
"A 4 bed detached home in the centre of the highly desirable village of Mickle Trafford with double garage and beautiful gardens. This property which has been a lovely home for the current owners for many years briefly comprises; entrance hall with access to a WC, leading into a large dual aspect ..."
"*SMALL CUL-DE-SAC SETTING * FAMILY HOME. A four-bedroomed detached house forming part of a small cul-de-sac set back from Oaklands in the popular village of Guilden Sutton. The accommodation briefly comprises: reception hallway, dual-aspect living room/dining area with feature fireplace and patio..."
"Wonderful 3 bedroomed cottage style corner plot with extensive gardens, located in Chesters most stylish suburb of Hoole Village, welcome to Hawthorne Corner. Incredibly maintained throughout over 4 decades of current ownership, Hawthorne Corner oozes class with leaded windows throughou..."
"A deceptively spacious, well-presented terraced home enjoying a garage, private parking, and an extensive secret garden beyond. The property briefly comprises to the ground floor, two spacious reception rooms with a bay window to the front, an attractive open-plan kitchen/diner with ..."
"NO CHAIN: A 3 double-bed, 2 reception room mid-terraced home close to local amenities. With off-street parking, a private rear garden and brick outbuilding. Book your viewing quickly as this home will go soon!"
Swetenhams are delighted to present this three bedroom semi detached property positioned on a corner style plot with wrap around established gardens. Hawthorne Corner is located in one of Chesters most desirable suburbs of Hoole.
Strike is pleased to present this property in Chester.
"Four bedrooms, ope-plan living and a superb specification... "
"A Fantastic opportunity to acquire an extended three bedroomed detached bungalow which offers fabulous scope for improvement and modernization. The property is positioned on a good-sized plot with gardens enjoying outlooks over fields to both front and rear, and is located within the popular Hool..."
"Detached bungalow in the historic city of Chester offering two bedrooms, bathroom, dining kitchen, living room, conservatory, mature gardens, driveway parking and a single garage ¿ No onwards chain "
"NO ONWARD CHAIN: A well presented, deceptively spacious and versatile mid-terrace home enjoying a private courtyard, detached double-length garage and a secret garden behind."
"A substantially extended and very tastefully presented, three bedroom inter-war detached house, with superb kitchen/dining room/garden room, stunning bathroom, useful study landing, west facing rear garden, two-car driveway, and a highly regarded residential location within two miles of the Chest..."
"A very stylishly modernised three bedroom, two bathroom 1980’s detached house, with numerous tasteful re-fitments, an impressive master bedroom suite, delightful patio garden, and an extremely sought after as well as convenient location approximately one and a half miles from the Chester ci..."
"A SPACIOUS 4 bedroom DETACHED home, providing the perfect mix of modern-day with family life. OPEN PLAN living, homely living room and spacious kitchen-diner with French doors to the garden, clever laundry cupboard and EN-SUITE to master."
"Come and take a look at this great 4 bedroom detached property in Great Boughton, Chester. Located in a quiet green area, it's an ideal family home. With no chain, this property has the potential to be modernised to your own personal tastes. The entrance hallway is an inviting introduction to t..."
"A great family home, in a great location! This lovely semi-detached property is situated on a sought-after road in Upton, sitting central for many local amenities, desirable schools, and great motorway links. Bursting with character, such as the original open fireplace, this family home is also f..."
"A great family home in a great location! This extended semi-detached home ticks many of those important boxes, the biggest box being that impressive open aspect to the rear! Situated within the sought after area of Newton, this home sits central for many local amenities, great schooling as well a..."
"A well presented family home with good sized light, airy accommodation, attractive gardens and on a larger than average plot, Comprises of Lounge, Dining room, kitchen, four bedrooms, double glazing, garage, off road parking and rear south facing stunning garden. Strongly recommended. No chain"
"An extended three bedroomed detached bungalow located in the extremely popular Westminster Park area of Chester, close to an excellent range of local amenities and transport links. The home has the added benefit of being positioned within a cul-de-sac setting on a good-sized plot with gardens to ..."
"A 1980s three bedroom, two bathroom detached bungalow, with part walled rear garden, useful garage, and a highly regarded cul-de-sac location some one and a half miles from the Chester city centre. Located in an ever popular area this bungalow has excellent access to various local shop..."
"Less than a mile from all the shops, cafes, bistros, bars and facilities of Chester's thriving city centre, discover a traditional period home extended and lovingly renovated to offer the ultimate in modern family living, at 1a Newry Park. "
"A beautifully spacious 2 bed detached bungalow on an impressive corner plot with beautiful front gardens. This benefits a garage, off street parking and no onward chain with a tremendous amount of potential. This property briefly comprises; spacious entrance hall with built in storage which..."
"Superbly positioned within walking distance of the revered OFSTED rated outstanding ""Belgrave"" Primary school as well as a great range of shops and a tap room. The property is located on a corner plot and has been extended to the ground floor to provide a en-suite ground floor bedroom ..."
A very well presented townhouse in the heart of the city with parking and southerly facing garden terrace.
"An extended and tastefully presented post war three bedroom semi detached house with double glazed conservatory, well proportioned internal accommodation, attractive south facing rear garden, and an extremely popular residential location to the north of Chester. Upton in general and Ro..."
Situated on the prestigious Kings Moat garden village only a stone's throw away from the Kings secondary school whilst being convenient for the City centre. The property is well located with a open aspect across a nature reserve with the rear garden having been landscaped with a westerly outlook...
Make your move for SPRING! This home is ready to move into with an exceptional specification... 
This property is located in the highly desirable suburb of Chester and has been extended. This three-bedroom semidetached home sits in an enviable position within a quiet cul-de-sac of similar homes. The property itself benefits from gas central heating and UPVC double glazing and comprises in br...
"There is so much to be said for the open plan spacious kitchen/family living areas we all look for in homes today, and here we have a fantastic three bedroom semi-detached home that offers just that. Thanks to an extension across the rear of the home the kitchen/family area in this home really gi..."
"* FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE * GENEROUS SIZED PLOT * WALK-IN READY FAMILY HOME. A beautifully presented and much improved four bedroom detached house forming part of a small cul-de-sac off Stanley Park Drive in Saltney. The accommodation, which is presented throughout to a high standard, briefly..."
"Was £375,000 (14/02/2023 to 31/03/23) Reduced to £365,000. A beautifully presented 3 bed semi-detached home with the unique benefit of having the Shropshire Union Canal accessible from your rear garden gate perfect for a walk into Chester City centre passing Waitrose o..."
"SITUATED IN A QUIET CUL-DE-SAC, THIS EXPERTLY EXTENDED DETACHED BUNGALOW HAS UNDER-GONE A COMPLETE REFURBISHMENT, CREATING A BEAUTIFUL, FUCTIONAL HOME. Conveniently situated, close to Sainsbury's and the local road network, yet in a small cul-de-sac, the bungalow offer spacious and exceptio..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN. Platinum are delighted to offer onto the market this fantastic and spacious four bedroom end of terrace. Located within the highly sought after location of Chester, this superb property benefits from contemporary kitchen, modern bathroom, combination boiler..."
"We are proud to present this Three Bedroom Semi Detached House– all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £360,000 - £400,000*"
"A rare and promising find for any house hunter, this glorious detached property has been recently modernised, meaning it is ready for its new owner to simply move in. With superb workmanship clearly apparent throughout, the property features 4 attractive bedrooms, 1 bathroom and an up-to-the-min..."
Located within the heart of the highly desirable Chester suburb of Vicars Cross. This beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached has been appointed to the highest standards throughout. Benefitting from gas central heating and UPVC double glazing. The accommodation comprises an inviting ent...
"An excellent opportunity to purchase this semi-detached 3-bedroom house situated on the outskirts of Chester City Centre in Upton, benefiting greatly from off-street parking and attractive gardens to both the front and rear. **NO CHAIN**"
AMAZING FAMILY HOME IN AN EQUALLY FANTASTIC LOCATION! This three bedroomed property on Edwards Road is a 'turn key' purchase for buyers looking to live within the prestige Chester suburb of Westminster Park. This home on Edwards Road has distinctive period charm from the outside with it...
"A traditional extended 1930s semi detached house, offering adaptable accommodation including three reception rooms, spacious kitchen, three bedrooms, off road parking, garage and a large private rear garden, situated within the popular suburb of Newton."
"THIS PROPERTY IS FOR SALE BY THE MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION, PLEASE SEE INFORMATION BELOW An impressive three-storey four-bedroom, three bathroom post-millennium townhouse, with double garage, parking strip, south facing decked garden, and an extremely convenient conservation area location within w..."
"LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION - AN IMPRESSIVE DETACHED BUNGALOW OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO CHAIN! Tucked away in the desirable village of Mickle Trafford, this impressive and good sized detached bungalow is simply a must view. Surrounded by rolling countryside, excellent amenities are on your doorstep..."
"A family home with excellent commuting links and easy access to Chester City Centre comes to the market! This semi-detached house briefly comprises 2 Lounges, Kitchen, Master Bedroom and 2nd bedroom both with built-in cupboards, 3rd Single Bedroom, a Bathroom, and a Large Private Garden. Worce..."
"A stunning spacious ground floor, one bedroom apartment with superb outside space. This immaculate apartment has been to tastefully throughout. Located in Halston Building, it offers easy access for the formal gardens and Main Hall. Construction of Halston Building was completed in 2012.
The supe..."
"NO CHAIN A larger than average post war three bedroom, two bathroom semi detached ex-police house, with ground floor shower/wet room, east facing rear garden, a degree of modernisation potential, and a highly regarded residential location to the north of Chester. Originally constructed..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A well-proportioned three-bedroom interwar semi-detached house, with Southwest facing rear garden, useful garage, and a highly regarded as well as convenient residential location within a mile and a half of the Chester city centre. The Lache Park Avenue area is a pere..."
Ideally situated in a quiet cul-de-sac this well maintained four bedroom detached home which still offers potential for further cosmetic improvement in places. The property however has been improved in recent years with both shower room & cloakroom/w/c having been replaced to a high standard...
"Offered to market with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this well-presented three bedroomed detached home that enjoys a cul-de-sac position within the highly popular and sought-after village of Mickle Trafford. The village of Mickle Trafford is popular amongst those of all ages, with the local primary school ..."
"SITUATED IN THE DEE BANKS AREA OF CHESTER, WHO WOULD NOT WANT TO LIVE IN THIS MOST ATTRACTIVE LOCATION, WITH-IN WALKING DISTANCE OF THE RIVER DEE. Extended to the rear, and with a useful loft room, this three bedroom semi-detached house is a perfect family home, close to both primary and secondar..."
NO ONWARD CHAIN: Enjoying beautiful river outlooks - a spacious and beautiful duplex apartment that you just have to see!
"A BEAUTIFULLY REFURBISHED DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH FIELD VIEWS! Gorgeous detached bungalows tucked away in the desirable village of Saughall are few and far between, especially one's like this offering countryside field views as a backdrop. Offered for sale with no chain, this spacious and inviting..."
Situated in the heart of the ever-popular suburb of Hoole this beautiful family home offers spacious accommodation throughout and a wealth of original features. Being short walk from the local shops and cafes the village has to offer this property will appeal to many. Hoole offers an abundance of...
"This duplex apartment overlooking the River Dee & Weir offers one of the finest views in the city and has been modernised by the current owner. The living space is open plan with fitted kitchen, dining area and living room, the upper floor provides two double bedrooms and bathroom. Parking & Garage."
"Situated on a spacious CORNER PLOT, benefitting from a GARDEN ROOM and UTILITY ROOM, with generous driveway PARKING for multiple cars, a spacious detached GARAGE, rear GARDEN with lawn, pergola and decking, close to local BUS NETWORK and good SCHOOLS, ideal for FIRST-TIME BUYERS and young FAMILIES."
"A well presented semi-detached property in a hugely sought after location in Hoole with a substantial rear garden, driveway parking and a range of family accommodation. The property has the potential to be upgraded and reconfigured to further improve the layout. Within a short walk of Central Hoole."
"GET A REAL FEEL FOR THE PLACE AND CHECK OUT OUR INTERACTIVE TOUR! When it comes to this property, space and versatility strike you from the moment you open the front door. Greeted with a truly stylish and tastefully improved semi-detached home, there is so much natural light cascading around the ..."
"****NO ONWARD CHAIN **** A Three bedroomed detached home enjoying a cul-de-sac position within the highly popular and sought-after village of Mickle Trafford, with private rear garden backing onto the local primary school field. The village of Mickle Trafford is popular amongst those of all ages,..."
Experience modern 2.5 storey living with this 3 bed home located at the heart of the development
"If you like the idea of a countryside lifestyle, yet still want to be close to the City then Bryn Teg is the home for you. Set in the quiet village of Saughall, this beautiful home surrounded by greenery is a must see."
"The Letchworth is a 3 BEDROOM HOME. It features an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN, a seperate LONGUE & an EN-SUITE off the master BEDROOM."
"NO CHAIN: Pleasant Cul de Sac, popular location, amenities, wrap-around gardens for more sun and a recent and extensive scheme of modernisation."
"A superbly presented three bedroom dormer bungalow in a highly sought after location with excellent links to local amenities, low maintenance living and adaptable accommodation. The property is well presented throughout and has an enclosed rear garden, garage and ample driveway parking. "
An opportunity to acquire an apartment close to Chester City Centre with its own private roof terrace!! Redland House is a beautiful 19th Century Victorian Villa that has undergone a sympathetic restoration programme. The building has now been transformed into eight contemporary apartments finis...
"This modern link-detached house is situated in a quite corner of this residential development close to Chester city centre and with good road and rail links. The accommodation on offer briefly comprises; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, conservatory, three double bedrooms, en-suite shower r..."
"This wonderfully secluded property has just had some TLC sprinkled onto it, at a glance this property is not quite what it seems, viewing is highly recommended as the pictures do not do it justice. With naturally bright rooms and a warm feeling as soon as you walk into this property you cannot he..."
"SENSATIONAL FAMILY HOME IN BOUGHTON!! This 3 bedroomed semi detached house located on a sought after road has off road parking and a garden space as well as a garage. Internally, there is a lounge with a separate dining room. To the rear there is a kitchen as well as a breakfast room & downstairs..."
"* POPULAR AREA * CLOSE TO AMENITIES *EXTENDED TO GROUND FLOOR & LOFT ROOM. A well-presented three-bedroomed semi-detached house located in the popular suburb of Upton. The accommodation briefly comprises: entrance hall, living room with feature fireplace, dining room with French doors to outside..."
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this fantastic 3 bedroom link detached house located in the highly desirable area of Upton. The property offers spacious family accommodation and is perfect for the growing family. Very well presented throughout the property in brief consists of...
"A SUBERB INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY ON THE DOORSTEP OF CHESTER UNIVERSITY WITH AN UNDERSTOOD INCOME OF OVER£34,000 PER ANNUM. Already let out for this current and next academic year, this 6 bedroom student let property is well maintained and is found on Hayes Park, opposite the main entra..."
"A beautifully unique period property walking distance to the city centre. This is a top floor converted apartment with lots of character, 4 bedrooms, a spacious hallway and access to gardens with no onward chain. This property briefly comprises; ground entrance hall with stairs leading up to the ..."
* 4 BEDROOMS * CENTRAL CITY LOCATION * CONSERVATION AREA * OUTSIDE TERRACE. A unique four bedroom maisonette style property ideally situated behind Bridge Street with its own private entrance door from the historic Chester Rows. The accommodation is presented throughout to a high standard and br...
"A fantastic 3 bedroom semi-detached house with plenty of potential and will be sold with no onward chain! The property benefits; a spacious hall, open plan lounge/diner, kitchen and conservatory. On the 1st floor, there are two double bedrooms, one single bedroom and family bathroom. E..."
A unique 2 bed Bungalow with off street parking and a west facing garden located in the highly desirable village of Guilden Sutton. This property comprises; entrance hall with access to a shower room and to the second bedroom currently used as an office with access to a large attic. Th...
"An early 1930s two bedroom detached bungalow, with larger than average south-east facing rear garden, impressive sitting/dining room, inherent potential, and sought-after as well as convenient semirural location to the North east of Chester. A new Boiler has also been recently installed. "
"A bright and spacious 3 bed luxury duplex apartment in the city centre with 2 reception rooms on the top floor with large roof terrace. This property briefly comprises; spacious entrance hall with built in storage and access to the main bathroom. There are 2 double bedrooms, the larger havin..."
"Modern family living in a traditional family home.. what an opportunity to own a freshly renovated house in the central Chester location of Walpole Street. Coming equipped with off road parking, and a generous rear garden with new shed there is plenty of boxes ticked from an external pe..."
This superb semi-detached three bedroom family home is situated in a highly popular location of Westminster Park and is a short drive to Chester city centre along with being within walking distance to both the Kings School and Catholic high school.
"An attractive 3/4 bedroomed mews house conveniently situated along Vicars Cross Road in the popular suburb of Vicars Cross. The accommodation, which is presented throughout to a very high standard, briefly comprises; entrance hallway, utility room, shower room, fitted kitchen with a number of int..."
"A traditional 1930's semi-detached home, that gives more than you might expect! The conventional layout has been altered and allows for a more spacious and workable ground floor space. For any young couple or family, this property would be perfect; tastefully renovated with a lovely open plan..."
"A traditional 3 bedroom semi detached home within sought after Shaftesbury Avenue with ample parking, conservatory and attractive rear garden. An ideal family home also with a very useful Attic Room. NO ONWARD CHAIN."
This 1920's detached bungalow is wonderfully positioned opposite an open green with a great feeling of privacy to both the front and rear. The bungalow would benefit from modernisation and cosmetic improvement but offers a superb opportunity to re-model a bungalow in such a sought after and peac...
"THIS IS A FOUR BEDROOM SPECTACULAR MODERN HOME THAT IS PERFECT FOR A GROWING FAMILY LOOKING FOR AMPLE LIVING SPACE AND WE MEAN AMPLE LIVING SPACE! The property has modern decor throughout and little extras that really make this a special family home. Including a steam room, Jacuzzi bath, TV in ma..."
This contemporary elevated end town house which has been superbly improved in recent years sits in a great location surrounded by greenery with fine views particularly from the first floor. This stunning home is attractively approached by a tarmacadam driveway offering plenty of parking with a ...
"A 3 bed detached home that requires updating located within walking distance of the city centre with garage, off-street parking and a large garden. This property briefly comprises; spacious entrance hall with built in storage. Large dual aspect open plan living and dining area which leads into a ..."
"Offered to market with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this detached bungalow which occupies a pleasant cul-de-sac position within Newton, a most popular and convenient location within Chester. We feel the property offers a good degree of curb appeal, with a bay window frontage and a double gated, resin set d..."
"*NO CHAIN* A well appointed three bedroom end terrace family home situated in the popular area of Boughton, having a modern interior, the property briefly comprises; hallway, open plan living room/ dining room with feature fire place, spacious breakfast kitchen, landing, three bedrooms and 4-pie..."
This attractive bay fronted late 1930's semi detached home which is ideally situated in a convenient and popular location close to a great range of shops whilst being within walking distance of both the City and the River Dee. Offering a blank canvas with recently decorated whilst offering great...
The 3 bed Gosford is located in a cul-de-sac and complete with views of pond and a large rear garden
"This well presented three storey townhouse, offers spacious living in a convenient location, close to the City of Chester and ideally located for commuters."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A 1930s three bedroom semi detached house with south west facing rear garden, garage, driveway, a degree of inherent potential and a highly regarded residential location some one and a half miles from the Chester city centre. Located in a highly regarded area convenie..."
This charming ground floor apartment retains many original features including original oak panelling and flooring together with stained glass windows and yet has been sympathetically transformed into exclusive living accommodation.
"This beautiful family home, located on the desirable Whitby Avenue in Newton, Chester, is ready for its next family to move in and make it home. 4 Whitby Avenue is a three bedroom semi-detached property that has been recently modernised and is presented to a high standard throughout. On the grou..."
"We’re delighted to introduce these brand new three-bedroom homes for sale in the heart of Chester, with completion expected early 2023. These stunning properties are ideal for a range of buyers including first-time buyers, investors, and downsizers alike. Boasting well appointed kitchens, spaciou..."
"PDA Estate Agents are delighted to offer this recently built three bedroom semi-detached house for sale. The property is located on the popular development of Upton Grange a short distance from the city and located next to the Countess of Chester Hospital. The property comprises of lounge, kitche..."
"A great opportunity to purchase this Top floor two bedroomed apartment within Kings Buildings, a stunning Grade II listed Georgian townhouse located within the historic city walls. A prime location, the building lies an extremely short walk away from abundance of amenities and facilities the city..."
"In a market where demand is far higher than supply, early viewing would be highly recommended to ensure you do not to miss out on this fabulous property! This traditional three-bedroom semi-detached home is situated within a pleasant position on the sought-after Toll Bar Road, a quiet area, ideal..."
"A 1980s two-bedroom detached bungalow, with lawned rear garden, single garage, driveway, a degree of modernisation potential, and a highly regarded residential location within two miles of the Chester city centre. Great Boughton in general and Marl Croft are ever popular locations bein..."
"A tastefully presented three bedroom early 1970s detached house, with south west facing rear garden, refitted kitchen and shower room, garage, driveway, and a sought-after as well as extremely convenient cul-de-sac location to the north of Chester. Upton in general and Iver Road in par..."
Standing in a great elevated position in this highly sought after location this three bedroomed semi detached home which would be ready to move straight into. The property is approached by a good sized driveway which leads to a single garage. The accommodation which is neutrally appointed compr...
A 5 bed HMO opportunity which is currently tenanted until August 2023 within walking distance to the city centre. A 5 bed HMO opportunity which is currently let for £110pw per room. This also could be a 4 bed residential property with double reception which is chain free. This h...
"** Fully Licensed HMO in Excellent Condition ** Located on the outskirts of the city just a few miles from Chester Business Park and British Aerospace. Shared kitchen, dining and social space, five letting rooms (three en-suite), driveway and low maintenance garden. Income Figures on request. "
"A much improved and now very well appointed 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment close to the City Centre and set adjacent to Chester's historic canal basin. Set on first floor with lift access.
Hall, large lounge/diner/kitchen, master bedroom with en-suite, second bedroom and bathroom. With 2 balconi..."
"RARE AND SUPERB OPPORTUNITY! IDEAL LOCATION! 2 minutes´ walk to the High Street, under 10 to the railway and bus stations! Previously a HMO with 5 rooms that could generate an income of circa £24,000 per annum which is a yield of over 7% with some minor investment. "
"A 3 bedroom semi-detached spacious house with great potential located in the popular area of Vicars Cross and the property is chain free! The property consists of; a large lounge area, kitchen and a second reception room which could be used as a dining area/study/snug. The property als..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** A 2 bedroom BUNGALOW, internally renovated, in the popular area of UPTON, with French doors leading to the REAR GARDEN and PATIO. Built-in wardrobes in master bedroom. Driveway PARKING for 2 cars. Excellent ROAD LINKS. Close to CHESTER ZOO and Chester City Centre."
"* PERIOD TERRACED HOUSE * LOCATED CLOSE TO THE CITY CENTRE * RESIDENT'S PERMIT PARKING. An attractive three bedroom bay fronted terraced house conveniently situated on Moss Bank, just off Parkgate Road, within walking distance of the city centre. The accommodation, which retains a wealth of ..."
"* PRESTIGIOUS DEVELOPMENT * TREE LINED ROAD * CLOSE TO CITY & WITHIN EASY REACH OF CHESTER BUSINESS PARK. A two bedroom first floor apartment forming part of a converted period house along a tree-lined avenue in the popular Chester suburb of Curzon Park. The accommodation, which is presented thro..."
"A character-filled 2 bedroom terrace home refurbished to the highest standard, with solid oak Herringbone flooring to the lounge/dining area, period cast-iron fireplaces, contemporary log burners, and a private enclosed garden."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. A 6 bedroom terraced fully licensed HMO close to Chester City Centre. The property is currently full let and we understand the gross rental achieved is around £29,700 per annum. There are bathrooms on the ground and first floors. UPVC double glazed windows and gas ce..."
"An exceptional period end of terrace property in a quiet yet convenient location close to the city centre. The property has a range of well proportioned accommodation with two large reception rooms, kitchen with courtyard access, three bedrooms, bathroom, outbuildings and ample on street parking."
"NO CHAIN! This wonderful three bedroomed home in Vicars Cross is looking for its new owners, we suggest somebody who is looking to put their own 'stamp on' a home come and view this wonderful family home, a well kept residence with even further unearthed potential, with extensions (STPP) a possib..."
"This stylish and contemporary property is unique, spacious and super fun. Situated within walking distance of Chester City Centre and with great commuter links you have everything you need on your doorstep. From shops to pubs to Chester Race Course."
Situated on an enviable plot and with both off road parking and a garage this three bedroom detached home is located in a popular residential location and offers ready to move into accommodation. 
"A 19th century two bedroom mid terrace house with open plan sitting/dining room, refitted bathroom with separate shower, useful loft room, and an extremely sought after residents’ permit parking conservation area location within the city walls of Chester. A particularly appealing..."
"Situated in a cul-de-sac, just off Lache Lane, this mature three bedroom semi-detached house offers excellent scope for a willing purchaser to put their own stamp on this substantial family home. With gas central heating and double glazing it comprises; reception hall, living room, separate dinin..."
"GET A REAL FEEL FOR THE PLACE AND CHECK OUT OUR INTERACTIVE TOUR! Location location location! The position of this spacious town house possesses many benefits, from its lovely elevated views to the front and rear, to being tucked away off one of Upton's most desirable roads. Penfold Hey is a ..."
"* 1930's STYLE SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE * ESTABLISHED & POPULAR AREA * IDEAL FAMILY HOME. A three bedroom semi-detached house forming part of a popular area close to a wide range of local amenities and within easy reach of the city centre. The accommodation, which has been extended to the rear, briefl..."
"Agreed are delighted to offer for sale this newly refurbished two bedroom terraced house situated in the delightful city of Chester. The property is within walking distance of local schools and amenities. Offering one reception room and one bathroom, the property benefits from having gas central ..."
"Well presented, three bedroom, modern family home with a private rear garden in the sought after location of Upton, which is within a short driving distance of Chester city centre."
"Situated in the picturesque village of Christleton, this former school house stands proudly within a conservation area of this most sought after location. It is well placed for a host of local amenities, including revered local schooling as well as the popular Ring O' Bells pub. There is easy acc..."
"A tastefully presented three bedroom, two bathroom period mid terrace house, with front garden, stunning aspects across the River Dee and Meadows towards Earl’s Eye, and a sought after conservation area location within a mile of the Chester city centre. With views over one of the..."
"Enjoy a lifestyle of convenience with this spacious, top floor, two storey apartment; located in the heart of Chester and just moments away from the city centre, railway station and Shropshire Union Canal on its doorstep. Experiencing a perfect blend of comfort, style and convenience, the immacu..."
"This three bedroomed semi-detached home with three reception rooms and detached garage is located within Moorcroft Crescent, a conveniently positioned cul-de-sac accessed off Guilden Sutton Lane, which offers a collection of homes that rarely come to market. Guilden Sutton is a most popular villa..."
"A 1950s four bedroom semi-detached house, with inherent modernisation potential, larger than average corner plot, and a highly regarded village location to the north of Chester. Saughall in general and Hermitage Road in particular are perennially popular locations, being near to a vari..."
"Wonderful Family Home! Spacious! Four Bedrooms! Two Receptions! Corner Plot! This wonderful property has so much to offer, with spacious rooms throughout, high ceilings, large plot, ideal for the keen renovators looking to make a property their own. This property oozes potential, looking to..."
The Bretton makes the perfect home for first time buyers or investors. 
"Feast your eyes on this beautiful family home in Upton, this three bedroomed semi detached has some commanding features such as its long, private garden ideal for entertaining and al fresco dining, its two car driveway with a further garage set back from the drive. Internally this property is bea..."
In need of modernisation this three storey mews house in central Hoole offers a great opportunity for those seeking to put their own stamp on a property and increase value. 
"Located in this ever-desirable suburb of Chester, is this 1930s three bedroom semi-detached property, in need of modernisation and refurbishment throughout. Offering a huge amount of potential to any prospective buyers, the property comprises an entrance hall, living room, dining room, kitchen, f..."
"A CHARACTER FILLED COTTAGE LOCATED IN THE HEART OF SAUGHALL VILLAGE. Positioned on a highly regarded residential road in the beautiful village of Saughall, Hillcrest is brimming with character and charm & is simply ready whenever you are! Excellent amenities are on your doorstep including a range..."
"Guide price of £280,000 to £300,000 New to the market with Strike is this property in Chester, in the sought-after Crown Park estate. This modern and well-kept property is within a short distance of Chester city centre and motorway links.  This stunning new build-end terrac..."
"****NO CHAIN**** EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOMS DETACHED EN-SUITE GARAGE Offering to the market this modern, four bedroom, extended detached property, situated conveniently close to Chester City Centre, schools, amenities and transport links to the surrounding areas. The property benefits fro..."
"This delightful three bedroomed property located in the sought-after area of Chester offers buyers a ready-made opportunity to purchase a home that has recently been refurbished throughout. With modern new flooring, kitchen/diner and redecoration, 21 The Holkham is an attractive and desirable hom..."
"Was £300,000 (07/11/22 to 23/03/23) Reduced to Offers Over £280,000. A 3 bed Semi Detached home with off street parking and a rear extension is offered with no onward chain. This property briefly comprises; spacious entrance hall with built in storage. Front lounge wit..."
"A superbly presented modern family home with a courtyard to the front with parking, a separate garage and an attractive hard landscaped rear garden. The accommodation has been kept immaculately and extended and briefly comprises hall with oak staircase with inset tread lighting,ground floor cloak..."
"A family home that comes to the market ticking all of the boxes. This link-detached property has plenty of scope for extension, yet already offers plenty of internal living accommodation over the two floors. Boasting a large frontage, there is plenty of parking available for multiple vehicles, wh..."
"A spacious and very well presented three bedroom semi detached home occupying an elevated position in the heart of popular Boughton.
Hall, living room, dining area, kitchen and conservatory. 3 bedrooms and bathroom. Ample parking. Garage to the rear. NO ONWARD CHAIN. Internal viewing a must."
"A fully renovated HMO opportunity that is currently tenanted until August 2023. For any investor, this is an instant source of income with five fully furnished bedrooms on offer along with on-street parking. The property has been fully upgraded throughout offering the tenants a stylish and comfor..."
"A 1960s three-bedroom semi-detached house, with South facing rear garden, larger than average driveway, inherent potential, and a highly regarded residential location to the East of Chester. A classic example of this era the property in question is ideally located for access to the exc..."
Beautifully maintained and well appointed 3 bed family home in a prime location. Occupying an excellent size plot. Good schooling nearby and excellent local amenities and transport links
"A detached bungalow occupying a corner plot in need of modernising and refurbishment. With no onward chain the property comprises Porch, Entrance Hall, Living Room, Dining Kitchen, Three Bedrooms and Bathroom. There are gardens to the front, side and rear plus a driveway and detached garage. "
"A no chain 1970s three-bedroom semi-detached house, in a cul-de-sac with an east facing garden, useful garage and driveway, an element of modernisation potential, and a highly regarded residential location within walking distance of Belgrave school. A perennially popular location, West..."
"This 3-bedroom SEMI-DETACHED home benefits from ample driveway PARKING, a stunning south-facing GARDEN, PATIO area, and a large GARAGE. Close to local SCHOOLS and PLAYING FIELD, Community Sports Hub, Chester City Centre, Broughton Retail Park, and local main road network."
"A 1930s three bedroom semi detached house with west facing rear garden, inherent modernisation potential, and a very convenient location a short walk from the thriving garden quarter and approximately 0.5 miles from the centre of Chester City Centre. A perennially popular location, the..."
"A 3 bedroom semi detached property in the popular village of CHRISTLETON, close to good SCHOOLS, with CONSERVATORY, and GARDENS to front and rear, close to Chester city centre, the A55 North-Wales Expressway and local motorway network."
"Sold with no onward chain. Situated in a small cul-de-sac, this property has huge scope for improvement and extension (subject to planning permission) The property comprises in brief: Beautifully maintained front and rear gardens, hallway entrance, living room, large open plan dining ro..."
"* NO ONWARD CHAIN * ESTABLISHED & POPULAR AREA * GOOD SIZED REAR GARDEN * A three bedroom semi-detached house with great potential. The property is situated close to a wide range of local amenities and within easy reach of the city centre. The accommodation briefly comprises: open porch, entrance..."
A spacious and bright 3 bed semi in a popular and pleasant setting. Viewing essential!
"***OPEN TO OFFERS*** Situated within the landmark building in the city that is HQ Building, this ground floor Two Bedroomed apartment with views onto the Piazza, is offered to market with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Situated in such a prime city Centre location, the apartment benefits form stylish appointme..."
"PDA Estate Agents are delighted to offer this bungalow, situated in a quiet residential cul-de-sac. This detached bungalow has well proportioned rooms, offering excellent scope for internal improvement. Comprising of entrance porch, entrance hall , lounge, kitchen, dining room, two double bedroom..."
"With no onward chain and situated in a great location in Hoole, this well presented, two double bedroom property in one of Chester's most sought-after areas is available for sale. "
"A recently modernised post war two bedroom detached bungalow, with refitted kitchen, south east facing rear garden, very useful garden room/potential home office, and an extremely popular as well as convenient location to the north of Chester. Upton in general and Marina Drive in parti..."
"* WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT * DRIVEWAY PARKING * SINGLE GARAGE. A three bedroom townhouse-style property forming part of a popular residential area and located along a no-through road. The accommodation briefly comprises: entrance porch/hall, living room with restored wood block flooring, impre..."
"Adjoining the countryside, recently modernised and an unusually long garden - One you must see without delay!"
"A stunning home in a fantastic, tranquil position a mile from the city centre yet a short stroll to the banks of the River Dee. There are just four apartments in this lovely purpose built property and number 1 occuppies the ground floor with French doors out to a garden. With no onward chain..."
"Offered to market with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this bay fronted three bedroomed semi-detached home in Upton, itself being one of Chester's most popular and sought after locations. Neutrally presented throughout, the home represents a great opportunity for a buyer to apply their own cosmetic stamp on ..."
"FABULOUS, TRADITIONAL SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY IN THE HEART OF UPTON - NO CHAIN*** The property makes an ideal family home, situated in a highly desirable location, within close proximity to the local schools, amenities and transport links."
"A beautiful and spacious second floor apartment ideally situated for the City centre, bus station and train station. An ideal opportunity to buy this first floor apartment at a fully managed retirement development where you can retain your independence (with support where required). Features incl..."
***NO CHAIN*** ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A MODERN HOME READY TO MOVE INTO? THEN LOOK NO FURTHER! This is a beautiful modern three bedroom detached property that is perfect for someone looking for a property to move into immediately. The property is a great size internally but also there is good sized r...
"A beautiful and spacious apartment ideally situated for the City centre, bus station and train station. An ideal opportunity to buy this first floor apartment at a fully managed retirement development where you can retain your independence (with support where required). Features include a weekly ..."
A spacious 3 bedroom semi detached family home set in the highly desirable Westminster Park within walking distance of Chester City Centre A previous rental property this would make an ideal family home with off road parking and a large private garden to the rear Offered for sale CHAIN FREE the...
"*** NO CHAIN *** Leaders Chester City centre & Hoole are pleased to offer this two bedroom mid terraced bay and garden fronted house in the popular residential area of Hoole, a stone's throw from Alexandra Park with its recreational range of facilities including tennis courts, bowling green a..."
Jordan and Halstead are delighted to offer a welcomed edition to the property market with NO ADDITIONAL CHAIN. Tucked away in the popular Garden Quarter district of Chester City is the conveniently positioned Raymond Street. The property is ideal for a multitude of different buyers being an ideal...
"An ideal opportunity to buy this third floor apartment at a fully managed retirement development where toy can retain your independence (with support where required). Features include a weekly service clean, on-site communal restaurant, lift access, and pull cords in each room."
"A three bedroom semi-detached house located in a fantastic area in Chester- you will not want to miss out on this one! The property compromises; entrance hall, large lounge area with patio doors leading into a conservatory and a spacious open plan/kitchen diner. First floor you will fi..."
"PRESTIGIOUS LOCATION CLOSE TO CHESTER CITY CENTRE PERIOD PROPERTY THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS DRIVEWAY PRIVATE REAR GARDEN Offering to the market this beautiful character property, situated conveniently close to Chester City Centre, with local schools, amenities and transport links near by...."
"Set within an exclusive development of just four houses, River Lane Mews is arranged over three floors and offers spacious living area with bright open plan kitchen/dining room and a downstairs WC. The main bedroom with en-suite is situated on the top floor with two further bedrooms and a b..."
"A well presented, extended two bedroom end of terrace home with the added benefit of a loft room. This lovely home is situated right in the heart of Hoole & close to all local amenities. With a modern kitchen, newly fitted bathroom and fantastic sized rooms, this property won’t be around for long"
The Coxley is a stunning two bedroom semi-detached property perfect for first-time buyers & investors alike located on the outskirts of Chester City Centre. 
"A large traditional 3 bedroom terraced home in the heart of ever popular Handbridge close to Chester City Centre and River Dee. The property has a walled courtyard garden to the rear and is mainly UPVC double glazed.
Hall, living room, dining room and kitchen. 3 bedrooms and bathroom. NO ONWARD C..."
"PRIVATE DEVELOPMENT - A MUST VIEW!! This immaculate 2 bedroom property is an exciting addition to the property market and boasts a highly desirable, private location. Old Mill Court is tucked away off Mill Lane and offers impressive views of the Old Mill. The accommodation is very well proportion..."
"ATTENTION FIRST-TIME BUYERS! Situated in HOOLE, one of the most popular and sought-after districts of Chester, occupying a corner plot in a CUL-DE-SAC, this deceptively spacious property has 2 double-size bedrooms, a CONSERVATORY, a rear courtyard private GARDEN, and ample off-road PARKING."
"A recently renovated cottage situated on a no-through road and conveniently positioned for walking into the city or along the River Dee. There is a spacious through Living Room with oak flooring log burner and exposed beams, Refitted Kitchen, Refurbished Bathroom, Two Bedrooms and an enclose..."
"We are proud to offer this Three Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £250,000 - £270,000*"
"WOW FACTOR - A MUST VIEW!! Every once in a while, a new property comes to market that sets new standards and this property does just that. The current vendor has left no stone unturned in the renovation of this immaculate home and a key feature of this is the landscaped rear garden with a raised ..."
Spacious Three Bedroom Semi-Detached in Popular Location of Upton Grange. Perfectly located for Chester City Centre and Commuters. Ideal for First Time Buyers and Investors.
"Enjoying a pleasant neighbourhood outlook, not overlooked and with excellent amenities on your doorstep. One to see."
"This is one of the nicest apartments I have had the pleasure to view. The location is beautiful along the River Dee and near to the race course and Chester city centre. The accommodation is bright and spacious and offers open plan living, 2 bedrooms the main with ensuite and a main family bath..."
"A picturesque cottage which has been stylishly modernised throughout whilst keeping the charm of the features very present. It benefits off-street parking and a 3rd room which can be used as an office, nursery or walk-in wardrobe. This property briefly comprises; impressive spacious e..."
"Bell Developments are now offering one final individually designed property that is now available to view on the desirable Mollington Grange Development, The Cottages. Newly converted from charming original farm cottages and finished to a high standard, this home offers a rare opportunit..."
"This well presented, three bedroom, detached, family home forms part of a modern development with a larger than usual, south facing, rear garden."
Spacious two bedroom apartment with two allocated parking spaces.
"Attention Investors, an opportunity to purchase a mid-terraced property within walking distance of Chester University and the city centre. The property has been split to accommodate five letting rooms providing an annual income of approximately £22,000 per annum. Benefiting from gas central heati..."
"Located within the highly popular and family friendly Chester suburb of Saltney which is just a 5-10 minute drive from the city centre, is this well presented, three bedroom detached home. Forming part of a modern develpopment the property sits in an enviable position within a quiet cul de sac an..."
Individual building plots in Cheshire are constantly in demand and Wright Marshall estate agents are therefore delighted to offer for sale this rare and welcome buying opportunity. The property comprises an individual building plot adjoining Hill View Farm in Mickle Trafford. Originally an outl...
"A very tastefully presented second floor two/three bedroom, two bathroom post millennium apartment, with superbly refitted dual aspect sitting/dining/kitchen, secure undercroft parking space, far-reaching Chester skyline views towards the cathedral and in an undeniably convenient location. <..."
A beautifully presented 2 bedroom home with no onward chain and off street parking in the heart of Handbridge within a moments’ walk to the City Centre and The Meadows. This property briefly comprises; entrance hall leading into the bright and spacious lounge with is open plan to the ...
"AN EXCITING ADDITION TO THE PROPERTY MARKET - A MUST VIEW! Take a look at this impressive, extended family home tucked away in a popular residential spot, with gorgeous greenbelt field views to the rear. The location of this home is superb having well regarded schools nearby, close access to mot..."
"Here is a fantastic property offering the best of both worlds, tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac yet within walking distance of both the City Centre and Hoole's shops, bars and restaurants! This immaculate terraced home offers not only a superb central location but is a great property with im..."
"With period features in the much sought-after location of HANDBRIDGE, this 2 bedroom terraced property is ideal for FIRST-TIME BUYERS or INVESTORS, benefitting from an enclosed front GARDEN and walled courtyard GARDEN to the rear. Close to Chester city centre, the River Dee, and Chester Racecourse."
"FOR SALE BY MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION Situated at the head of the cul-de-sac, with-in the greatly sought-after district of Hoole, this three bedroom semi-detached property is a perfect family home, with-in easy reach of local shops and schools. Having gas central heating and double glazing it..."
"Situated within walking distance of the City with potential for off road parking this three story, three double bedroom bay fronted terraced home which is in a great position opposite a park whilst being a stone's throw away from the City centre. This deceptively spacious home offers an entrance..."
"Located within a quiet cul de sac just a 5-10 minute drive from the city centre, this beautifully presented, three bedroom, semi detached home has recently undergone a programme of refurbishment and modernisation throughout. Available for immediate occupation with the benefit of no onward chain."
"WHAT A FANTASTIC AND UNIQUE PROPERTY AVAILABLE FOR SALE WITH NO CHAIN! Situated on a popular residential road in Chester, this is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a spacious property with several options available. This property was formerly a home with a business premises included until the c..."
Situated in a superb location close to the Old Dee Bridge and the River Dee this Grade II listed duplex style townhouse which is ideal for those wanting City living but in a more residential setting. The property would be ready to move into and would make an a great home with its unique central ...
Ideal property for First Time Buyers and Investors. Located in the desirable Saighton area of Chester. Allocated parking spaces and an enclosed rear garden.
"Situated in one of Chester's most prestigious addresses, this ground floor studio apartment is set within a Grade II listed townhouse located within the historic City Walls, and has the benefit of use of beautifully presented communal gardens as well as two allocated parking spaces located to the..."
"A fantastic two bedroom mid- terraced property in the popular of Saighton, which benefits with two parking spaces and access to the garden via a side alley to the property. This modern property boasts of a large living area, kitchen with intergrated appliances and dining area with lar..."
"PDA Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this extended three-bedroom house with a separate one-bedroom annex. An excellent opportunity for the growing family to acquire this well-proportioned home occupying a sought-after location within Blacon, Chester. The property is available wi..."
"3 BEDROOM home in CHESTER available to buy through SHARED OWNERSHIP from £237,750 for a 75% share, complete with MODERN BATHROOM and KITCHEN (with integrated oven and hob) and a turfed REAR GARDEN. Chester Business Park only a two minute walk away."
Very sought after TWO BEDROOMED Retirement property for the OVER 60'S in this development in the heart of CHESTER close to GROSVENOR PARK and the RIVER DEE. Fourth floor with great south westerly views. MCCARTHY STONE DEVELOPMENT with ROOF TOP TERRACE.
"A fantastic terraced home oozing with appeal for the buyer longing to make their own mark on a property with fantastic proportions, great solid construction and in a sought after area. The property certainly still offers a ready to move in finish with many of those big jobs completed, from the ga..."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS - A must see property, set in the popular Garden Village area of Chester. The CH1 postcode is within walking distance of Chester City Centre and Sealand Road."
"A larger than average second floor three bedroom, two bathroom post millennium apartment, with secure undercroft parking space, existing rental income stream, and an extremely convenient location within walking distance of the Chester branch of the Shropshire union canal, the railway station and ..."
"A superb retirement apartment situated on the very end of the City Centre, forming part of an exclusive gated development, with excellent spacious living space that is larger than would be be expected. It comprises; large reception hall, large living room, fitted integrated kitchen, master bedroo..."
"We're delighted to bring to market with NO ONWARD CHAIN this attractive bay fronted mid terraced home which represents a most exciting opportunity for a buyer to apply their own stamp and create the property of their dreams! There is so much to admire about this home, whilst having been well main..."
"Three bedroomed semi tucked away in a cul de sac spot in the ever popular village of Saughall! There is plenty to admire with this property, and we imagine it will suit most reading this description, whether that be down to its large rear garden and driveway for multiple vehicles, or internally ..."
"Attention: First Time Buyers & Investors! An ideally located home for a short walk in to the City of Chester. A spacious family home with three bedrooms and family bathroom, enclosed rear garden with both lawned and flagged patio space. Driveway parking and car port."
"An immaculate two bedroom semi detached home situated in the popular residential location of Vicars Cross. With spacious rooms, modern kitchen/diner, spacious kitchen/diner, bathroom and en-suite, two double bedrooms, fantastic rear garden and driveway with plenty of parking and detached garage"
A fine example of what can be achieved inside a terraced cottage. With pleasant elevated outlook over a good sized garden with outbuilding and canal tow path behind. 
"This spacious end terraced home which stands on a great corner plot with gardens to both the front, side and rear which offers a great opportunity to further extend subject to any necessary planning/building consents. Ideally located within this popular Village opposite a large green open space ..."
"A 3 bed end of terraced home with newly renovated kitchen/diner also benefits a garage, off street parking and no onward chain. This property briefly comprises; entrance hall leading into a large lounge with double doors onto the garden. There is a separate spacious modernised kitchen with breakf..."
UNMISSABLE BUY-TO-LET INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! Generate instant income on this three bedroom property within a highly desirable suburb of Chester.
"A rare opportunity to purchase this period townhouse situated in the heart of Handbridge, overlooking Edgar Fields Park and within walking distance of the scenic River Dee."
"Situated in the sought-after Boughton district of Chester, and located on a quiet no through road, this spacious bay fronted terraced property offers excellent living space, suitable for a first time buyer or investment buyer. With-in a reasonable walk from the City Centre, it has gas central hea..."
"GET A REAL FEEL FOR THE PLACE AND CHECK OUT OUR INTERACTIVE TOUR! What an ideal home for any young couple or family, boasting a generous size plot with a private garden and cul de sac location. This home has a tastefully finished interior which has been recently re-decorated throughout, with new ..."
"A GREAT PROPERTY FOR A FIRST TIME BUYER OR INVESTMENT PURCHASER. A clean and tidy, larger than average end terraced property situated in the ever popular district of Hoole, this two bedroom home requires basic cosmetic improvement ie modern kitchen and bathroom. With gas combination central ..."
** OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** In a cul de sac location with similar residential properties lies this attractive three bed semi detached home. The property is in a convenient location to the historical city of Chester and within reach of Manchester and Liverpool. M...
"Was £250,000 (14/02/23 to 10/03/23) Reduced to £225,000. A well-presented 2 bed mid terrace home with rear garage and parking space conveniently located close to the City Centre. With two spacious double bedrooms, a living/dining area and a lovely garden, it's ideal f..."
"This mid Victorian two-bedroom terrace is situated within highly desirable suburb of Hoole. Partially modernised throughout with the potential for further improvement, this property is perfect for any purchaser looking to live or to rent out in this sought after location."
"AVAILABLE FOR SALE WITH NO CHAIN - A MUST VIEW! Located in a highly regarded residential area in Boughton, Chester, this deceptively spacious bungalow is simply a must view. Excellent amenities are on your doorstep including a range of local shops, close access to motorway links, frequent bus rou..."
"A TWO BEDROOM CORNER APARTMENT on the FOURTH FLOOR of this MCCARTHY STONE RETIREMENT LIVING DEVELOPMENT for the OVER 60'S, situated within the walls of CHESTER, so ideally located for Chester amenities, parks and river."
"A spacious top floor apartment enjoying extensive views over the city roof tops. Having the benfit of the use of a roof terrce the accommodation comprises Entrance Hall, Living Room, Kitchen, Main Bedroom with Fitted Wardrobes and Ensuite, Second Bedroom with Fitted Wardrobes and a Bathroom. "
"* WITHIN THE CITY WALLS * SECURE PARKING SPACE * IDEAL FOR A HOME OWNER OR INVESTOR * A beautifully presented one/two bedroom apartment forming part of a 'Landmark Development' within the city walls of Chester. The accommodation briefly comprises: entrance hall with built-in cylinder cupboard, ..."
"LOOK NO FURTHER....THIS IS A PERFECT PROPERTY FOR A FIRST TIME BUYER OR INVESTOR. This is an attractive two bedroom old railway cottage, that is packed with original features! This is a great property where you can put your own stamp on whilst enjoying living in the property. This home comprises ..."
"A well-presented and recently decorated spacious 2 bed, 1st floor apartment located within the city walls on a quiet street seconds walk from all amenities, cafes & restaurants, the racecourse and the River Dee. This has no onward chain and a parking space to the rear. This property brie..."
"Located at the top of Westminster road, this charming two bedroom terraced home has been recently renovated to a high standard from top to bottom. It provides a modern way of living with excellent finishing touches throughout. There is a also parking access to the rear of the property. Call now t..."
"*** Every Day Is A School Day *** This wonderful characterful property is located in the sought after village of Backford, being perfectly located for people wanting village life with the City on your doorstep. Backford is within a short drive of Chester itself along with the various business ..."
"This loft style top floor apartment offers privacy with a great location within walking distance of the city and lying close to the Shropshire Union canal. Sold with no chain in very good condition with a neutral finish flooded with natural light with ""Velux"" windows throughout. Const..."
"So many reasons to love this home! This two bedroom mid mews property is ready to move into and would make the perfect first time purchase or investment. The property is quietly situated at the end of a pleasant modern development just off Brook Lane.
All rooms are bright, airy and well proportio..."
"Located within a quiet cul-de-sac in the highly desirable village of Saughall, is this two bedroom, end townhouse which benefits from gas central heating, UPVC double glazing and in brief comprises an entrance hall with cloakroom WC off, a fitted kitchen, a living room and a first floor landing w..."
A proven buy-to-let property or a fantastic first-time-buy! This two bedroom terraced house sits on the edge of Chester City Centre making it perfect for those working in the city. There is also a short canal walk that will take you straight to the train station! The property briefly comprises ...
"A second floor two-bedroom post-millennium retirement apartment forming part of a highly regarded, high specification complex within walking distance of the Chester city centre. Developed by McCarthy and Stone in 2009, Forest Court is a well-respected retirement complex specifically fo..."
"* READY TO MOVE INTO * NEWLY DECORATED, NEW CARPETS & FULL SET OF NEW BLINDS FITTED. A beautifully presented two bedroom terraced house located in the popular suburb of Hoole. The accommodation briefly comprises: living room with feature cast-iron fireplace and 'living Flame coal-effect gas fire..."
A four bedroom mid terrace home located within a popular residential area offering ready to move in accommodation set across three floors. 
"Offered to market with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this Three Bedroomed Semi-detached home which is located in Upton, a popular area of Chester which lies close to a range of excellent amenities and transport links."
"3 BEDROOM home in CHESTER available to buy through SHARED OWNERSHIP from £212,250 for a 75% share, complete with MODERN BATHROOM and KITCHEN (with integrated oven and hob) and a turfed REAR GARDEN. Chester Business Park only a two minute walk away."
"3 BEDROOM home in CHESTER available to buy through SHARED OWNERSHIP from £210,375 for a 75% share, complete with MODERN BATHROOM and KITCHEN (with integrated oven and hob) and a turfed REAR GARDEN. Chester Business Park only a two minute walk away."
"CHAIN FREE! This three bedroom Victorian terraced home is situated in the ever popular and flourishing suburb of Boughton, Chester. The property is currently being used as a successful houseshare, however could very easily be restored to its former glory and make a wonderful home again. In brief ..."
This superb investment property which is being sold as a going concern fully let to university students until July 2023 currently achieving £1350 which will be increasing to approximately £1500 pcm. The property which has been well improved and maintained by the current owner and carri...
A fantastic apartment in Chester City Centre with secure underground parking and easy access to the train station. This property has been successfully rented out for the past 18 years but could make a great residence for those needing to be in Chester. The property briefly comprises an Entrance ...
"A spacious 3 bed Victorian Terraced home or a 4 bed HMO (subject to licensing) within walking distance from the city centre currently vacent with no onward chain. This property briefly comprises; entrance hall with 2 separate reception rooms, the first is currently used as a bedroom, the other is..."
"****INTERNAL PHOTOS COMING SOON***This is a three bedroom semi detached property that has been recently re decorated throughout with newly fitted carpets. Perfect for a first time buyer or investment property. The property comprises of an Entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner and downstairs bathro..."
Offered with no onward chain is this modern apartment near to the heart of the City Centre. The accommodation boasts many attractive features including its distinctive window design and exposed ironworks and beams. the property is situated in a gated development bordering the Shropshire unio...
"OFFERED TO MARKET WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN is this two bedroomed semi-detached home which offers excellent scope for a buyer to put their own stamp on it and should grab the attention of many a buyer. It enjoys a cul-de-sac position within the popular area of Huntington, lying to the eastern side of ..."
"A two/three bedroom semi-detached house which has been extended to the back and side of the property. The accommodation briefly comprises: Open plan living/dining room which leads into fitted kitchen with breakfast bar, downstairs single bedroom, utility, downstairs WC. To the first floor is a la..."
"* LOCATED ALONG CITY ROAD * LARGER THAN AVERAGE TWO-BEDROOM APARTMENT (APPROX 957 SQ FT /89 SQ M) WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE OF THE RAILWAY STATION, CANAL AND CITY CENTRE. A well-appointed two-bedroom first-floor apartment forming part of a small development conveniently situated along City Road. T..."
"Offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN, Swetenhams are delighted to bring to the market this superb two bedroom ground floor apartment with direct access to communal gardens. Situated in the popular village of Hoole conveniently located within walking distance of Chester City Centre."
"**No Onward Chain** situated in a sought after residential area of Hoole. This three bedroom home benefits from a lounge, fitted kitchen, conservatory, refitted shower room and a en-suite to bedroom one. The house itself also benefits from a driveway for several vehicles, detached tandem garage ..."
"A beautiful first floor apartment ideally situated for the City centre, bus station and train station. An ideal opportunity to buy this first floor apartment at a fully managed retirement development where you can retain your independence (with support where required). Features include a weekly s..."
THIS SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM PROPERTY IS IDEAL FOR A FIRST TIME BUYER OR SOMEONE LOOKING FOR A FAMILY HOME. THE PROPERTY CAN BE YOURS SOONER RATHER THAN LATER AS IT IS BEING SOLD WITH NO CHAIN! The property benefits from a good size hallway leading to the lounge with doors opening onto the open pl...
"Guide Price £200,000 For sale by conditional online auction, registration is now open. A Kanazawa machiya built in the Meiji era (1902) that used to be a confectionery before being turned into a guest house in recent years. This machiya is within walking distance to the Higashi Chaya..."
"This three bedroom mid-terraced home is located in the Garden Quarter Ward, within walking distance of Chester City Centre and is offered with three bedrooms, rear patio and on street parking with no permit required."
"UK Property Sellers are proud to present this stunning bright property which has been maintained to a high standard, boasting a modern selected kitchen and newly fitted bathroom. In brief the accommodation comprises, hallway, lounge, kitchen with diner and downstairs WC to the ground floor. To t..."
"These properties are certainly flying off the shelves, so we would suggest a hasty approach with this fantastic terraced home! Enjoying a great position within the sought-after area of Newton, local amenities and great schooling for both primary and secondary are just a short walk away, whilst th..."
Arable and grazing land extending to about 20.03 acres.
"Was £210,000 (01/02/23 to 23/03/23) Reduced to Offers Over £200,000. A 3 bed semi-detached home located in a quiet cul-de-sac on a corner plot which benefits a loft room and rear extension with 2 bathrooms, conservatory with large garden and off street parking. T..."
A 3 bed terraced house with open plan kitchen/diner and off-street parking on a quiet cul-de-sac by the Shropshire Union Canal and within walking distance to the city centre. The property is to be sold with tenants situ until August 2023. This property is offered with no onward chain and briefly ...
"Attention first-time buyers! Swetenhams are delighted to present this END-TERRACE home with 2 double BEDROOMS, located in NEWTON with primary and secondary SCHOOLS nearby, and local shops within walking distance. Benefitting from a spacious rear GARDEN with PATIO and excellent TRANSPORT LINKS."
"A 1980’s two bedroom mid mews house, with lawned rear garden, driveway, and a very popular as well as convenient location within a mile of the Chester city centre. Constructed in the late 1980’s by Elite Homes, this development has matured very well and is occupied by a wid..."
"* NO CHAIN* ONE BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH PARKING** A smart, all neutral colour scheme, well designed, second floor apartment with views to the city walls and beyond. This ONE BEDROOM apartment is located on a quiet, executive development in easy walking distance of the city centre. "
"This beautiful first floor apartment is located at the prestigious Wharton Court development, Hoole Lane, in Chester City Centre. Well-presented modern two-bedroom first floor apartment located within walking distance of Chester city centre & Chester railway station. With hard wood floor..."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS: This 19th century mid terraced home is currently utilised as a three room HMO generating a potential income of £15,000 per annum. Ideally situated the property is within easy access of the Garden Quarter, The Greyhound Retail Park, the hospital and of course Chester city centre."
"A well-presented 2 bed semi-detached home with kitchen/diner and off street parking located on a quiet cul-de-sac. This property briefly comprises; entrance hall leading into the spacious lounge. There is a separate kitchen/diner looking out over the large garden. To the first floor, two double b..."
"A two bedroom double fronted 19th century end of terrace house which is perfectly suited to first time buyers and investors. The property comprises an entrance hall leading to two reception rooms, a downstairs bathroom, cellar, good sized kitchen leading to a small courtyard to the rear and small..."
"We have received an offer of £175,000. Any increased offers are to be received within 5 days of this publication at the above agents. Attention investors! A traditional terrace home currently being utilised as a house of multiple occupancy that is within walking distance of both the unive..."
A three bedroom traditional terrace home requiring a full scheme of refurbishment. The sale is by way of Informal Tender. Offers are invited to be in writing and at our offices at 40 Lower Bridge Street Chester CH1 1RS by 12 noon Monday 24th April. NO ONWARD CHAIN.
ATTENTION FIRST TIME BUYERS Purplebricks are delighted to market this fantastic 3 bedroom mid terrace. Located in the ever popular area of Blacon this property is certain to attract a great deal of interest. The current owners have made some impressive upgrades to the property including a recent...
"Attention! Attention! Come and have a look at this beautifully stylish home, with the the extra feature of a separate annex that is fully insulated with its own stylish shower room. Truly a property not too be missed, with no stone left unturned, this modern designed property has modern des..."
"Enjoying views across Water Tower Gardens and towards the City Walls is this modern ground floor apartment situated within walking distance of the city centre and the racecourse. Enjoying secure allocated parking the accommodation comprises Entrance Hall, Living Room, Kitchen, Two Bedrooms, Ensui..."
A rare opportunity to acquire a two-bedroom duplex apartment featuring an open-plan living suite with Juliet balcony enjoying views towards the Shropshire Union Canal at Chester and having a larger allocated space in the complex parking garage.
A three bedroom semi-detached property located in a popular residential area on the fringe of farmland.
"Look no further do we have a treat for you. On the market with no onward chain a fabulous three bedroom home, naturally bright throughout, open plan kitchen diner, three bedrooms , enclosed rear garden and garage. Situated in a much sought after location, close to local amenities, close to ..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN: Set in a riverside complex near Chester's Racecourse; this two double-bedroom apartment on the 2nd floor, is spacious and features high-quality wooden floors throughout, fully fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, and allocated parking."
A spacious and well appointed two bedroom mid terraced home offering ready to move in accommodation and offering no onward chain.
NO CHAIN: Wow! A contemporary first floor apartment finished to an exceptional standard AND located within the City Walls. With excellent amenities very nearby!
"*SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE *CUL-DE-SAC POSITION * VIEWS OVER FARMLAND TO SIDE . A three-bedroom semi-detached house occupying a cul-de-sac position just off Saxon Way in Blacon. The accommodation, which would benefit from some updating and modernsation, briefly comprises: entrance hall, living room, di..."
"A ground floor two bedroom, two bathroom, post-millennium apartment, with single allocated parking space, aspects over a bowling green towards the 14th century water tower, and a sought-after location within walking distance of the racecourse and Chester city centre. Occupying a select..."
"This two bedroom Victorian end of terrace home is a real gem of a home being packed with character but also now being beautifully appointed with the benefit of modern fittings. The property also has an extremely large rear garden.
Hall, kitchen and breakfast area, lounge and dining room. Upstairs..."
"The Willerby Mapleton offers the perfect staycation for those that love a bit of technology in their getaway, the Mapleton boasts a media wall with atmospheric mood lighting. The large open plan lounge is ideal for those who want to take in the latest blockbuster during their luxurious family hol..."
"STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING AND HAVE A LOOK AT THIS PROPERTY!!!!! Fully renovated throughout, not a stone has been left unturned, brand new windows, new boiler, new fully fitted modern stylish kitchen, modern bathroom, new carpets and flooring throughout. If you are looking for a house to literall..."
"An extended Three Bedroomed bay-fronted semi-detached home with private gardens to rear. The property is positioned along Sealand Road and enjoys excellent access to a wide range of amenities and transport connections into Chester itself, but also into North Wales and the major road networks. The..."
"A 19th-century two-bedroom mid-terrace house, with an element of modernisation potential, and an extremely convenient residence permit parking conservation area location within walking distance of the city centre and railway station. Other popular location, Sibill Street is within walk..."
"A well-presented 3 bed semi-detached home with no onward chain, off street parking and beautiful wrap around garden. This property briefly comprises; entrance hall leading into the spacious lounge with fireplace. There is a separate kitchen which has access to storage and leads to the bathroom. T..."
"A 19th-century two bedroom end of terrace house, with open plan sitting/dining room, and a sought after as well as extremely convenient residents’ permit parking location within easy reach of Hoole and Chester city centres. A classic example of this period, the location of this a..."
"A 19th-century two-bedroom mid-terraced house with walled rear yard, inherent potential, and an extremely convenient residence permit parking conservation area location within walking distance of the railway station and Chester city centre. Situated in an enviable location this propert..."
"A spacious, newly refurbished, ground floor apartment in the highly sought-after retirement complex of Forest Court in the heart of Chester. This is a managed development for the over 60s offering an array of social events and community activities. There are regular coffee mornings, theatre ..."
"A unique Ground and 1st floor duplex apartment in the city centre which is chain free and perect for a first time buyer or investor. This property briefly comprises; large entrance hall with built in storage and WC. Spacious open plan Living, Dining and Kitchen on the ground floor. To the first f..."
" IDEAL FOR INVESTORS - Currently let at £800 pcm. A lovely modern three bedroom townhouse with easily maintained gardens front and rear. Briefly comprising of hallway, lounge, dining room and kitchen to the ground floor and the three bedrooms and family bathroom to the first floor. The prop..."
A second floor two bedroom apartment set within a desirable location with canal views from bedroom and allocated parking. 
"Located in a highly popular area of Saltney, just a short distance from Chester city centre, having the convenience of many amenities close at hand. This three bedroom, semidetached property has the benefit of gas central heating and is located within a quiet cul-de-sac. In brief it comprises an ..."
Superbly presented top floor apartment with stunning views of the city skyline situated in one of Chester's most prestigious and sought after streets. The property is a one bedroom apartment with open plan living and has two secure parking spots with communal grounds & a stroll from the city centre
"This modern two bedroomed semi detached house is located within the popular Chester suburb of Saltney, well presented throughout, with the advantage of gardens, off road paring and situated within a10 minute drive from Chester city centre."
"ATTENTION FIRST TIME BUYERS AND INVESTORS! Detached two bedroom bungalow with private gardens and gates that leads to the driveway for off road parking, this bungalow has the potential to make a lovely home."
ATTENTION INVESTORS: CURRENTLY TENANTED AND PROVIDING A READY MADE INCOME - No Chain: A spacious and well presented top floor apartment situated in a highly desirable development with an allocated parking space and a minutes walk to the City Centre and excellent amenities. Viewing essential. 
"A first floor two bedroom, two bathroom post millennium apartment with allocated parking space, city walls aspect to the rear, existing rental income stream, and a very popular conservation area location within walking distance of the racecourse and city centre. Constructed in the imme..."
"** NO CHAIN ** An immaculately presented luxury upper floor apartment with 2 double bedrooms, an allocated car parking space, and long-reaching views over the Cheshire countryside."
We are proud to offer this Two Bedroom Apartment – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.
"* GROUND FLOOR FLAT * DESIRABLE DEVELOPMENT ADJACENT TO THE HISTORIC UPTON WINDMILL. A beautifully presented one bedroom ground floor flat located in the desirable suburb of Upton. The accommodation briefly comprises: open porch, entrance hall, fitted kitchen with integrated cooking appliances an..."
Situated on the outskirts of the city in this quiet backwater which benefits from being within a residents parking scheme. This highly popular location which is ideal for both investors or first time buyers being close to the railway station and the city centre. The accommodation is neutrally p...
"NO ONWARD CHAIN A stylish one bedroom apartment, high specification, and a superb gated courtyard conservation area location within the city walls of Chester. Created and converted in the post-millenium period with black and white timbered frontage, Heritage Court was origin..."
Sass & Co Independent Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this well-appointed and ready to move into second floor apartment which has recently been re-decorated throughout along with newly laid flooring. This modern and highly desirable development is conveniently situated with...
"A first floor two bedroom, two bathroom, post millennium apartment, with useful allocated parking space, and an ever popular landmark development location within walking distance of the railway station and Chester city centre. Constructed by Morris Homes in the Post Millennium period, ..."
"A well-proportioned second floor one bedroom apartment, with west facing balcony, single allocated parking space, share in the freehold title, and a superb conservation area location within a stylish development adjacent to Grosvenor Park, and a short walk from the Chester city centre. "
"ATTENTION FIRST-TIME BUYERS and INVESTORS. A mid-townhouse with 2 DOUBLE BEDROOMS with built-in wardrobes in the master bedroom, bathroom with bath and shower over, south-facing patio GARDEN, PARKING spaces, situated in a small CUL-DE-SAC just off Liverpool Road. Convenient for local RAIL links."
"Offered for sale with no chain & viewings available from the 15th March, this well presented 2 double bedroom apartment set in a popular residential location in a cul-de-sac position & is ideal for investors or first time buyers. With modern interior and 2 parking spaces, book your viewing 24/7"
"No Chain: Situated in a prime location within the historic city of Chester, this first floor apartment offers a fantastic opportunity if you are looking for your first home, a city centre retreat or a great investment. All furniture, TV etc is included for free if wanted."
"Offered to market with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this spacious three bedroomed mid terraced property located in Newtown, positioned on the fringe of Chester city Centre, enjoying easy access to the wealth of amenities the city has to offer and excellent transport links including the main Chester railway..."
" ****INVESTOR / LANDLORD PURCHASE**** CLS Estates are pleased to offer this first floor modern two double bedroom apartment located off City road, within a five minute walk to both the train station and the City Centre. Property comprises, open plan lounge, dining and Kitchen with applianc..."
" CLS Estates are pleased to offer this second floor modern two double bedroom apartment located off City road close to both the train station and City Centre. Property comprises, open plan Lounge with access to the rear baclony, dining and Kitchen, two good size double bedrooms, en-suite to m..."
"This two bedroom terraced house is located in a popular and convenient location within walking distance of Chester city centre. Comprising, front living room, rear dining room, kitchen with door leading out to a rear courtyard, upstairs one good size double bedroom, one single bedroom and bath..."
"A well-presented ground floor two-bedroom, two bathroom late 1990s apartment, with single allocated parking space, generous visitors parking spaces, and a very popular as well as extremely convenient location within easy reach of the railway station, city centre, and the thriving heart of Hoole.<..."
"A well presented and spacious home situated in the popular Saltney area some 2.5 miles from Chester city centre. The accommodation comprises Entrance Hall, Living Room, Dining Room, Modern Kitchen, Rear Hallway and Bathroom. To the first floor there are three good size Bedrooms. Within easy ..."
"This charming first-floor flat is located in the heart of Chester, making it a perfect place to call home. Inside, you'll find a spacious and light-filled living room, two bedrooms, a fully equipped kitchen, and a  bathroom.. Its prime location provides easy access to local shops, res..."
"Retirement apartment situated in the heart of Chester, this over 55's development on Abbots Wood offers a wide array of communal facilities including a restaurant, hairdressers and library as well as communal lounge spaces which hosts regular activities for residents. The apartment itsel..."
"The Oakwood Lodge oozes luxury living and opulence throughout. With a airy open plan lounge, generous sized bedrooms and a full sized bath as well as a large decking area you can enjoy holidays year on year in luxury. Fir Trees holiday park is open March 1st 2023 – January 31st 2..."
A 3 bed semi-detached home with off-street parking and no onward chain. This property briefly comprises; spacious entrance hall leading into the open plan lounge and dining room which is dual aspect providing lots of light. A separate kitchen with built in storage and enough room for a dining tab...
"A 3 bed end of terrace home with lots of potential, off-street parking and the property is no chain! This property briefly comprises; entrance hall leading into the open plan lounge & diner, conservatory and seperate kitchen. To the first floor, two double bedrooms, a single bedroom and a sho..."
"A fantastic canal-side third floor apartment in one of Chester's premier developments. Benefitting from balcony views across the Clwydian mountain range with beautiful evening sunsets, the loction offers amenities on nearby Garden Lane, as well as the city centre and Greyhound Retail Park. Cheste..."
"SPACIOUS GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT IN SALTNEY WITH NO ONWARDS CHAIN. EXCELLENT INVESTMENT/FIRST TIME BUY. This apartment has some very appealing features, being situated on the ground floor gives the property a wonderful bay window in its 20 foot lounge. It is open plan to the kitchen with ..."
"New to the market with Strike this well-presented two-bedroom apartment  in Chester. Apartment 4, Gawer Court, Chester, CH1 4EA is a beautifully presented two-bedroom apartment, perfect for comfortable modern living. The apartment boasts a spacious and bright open-plan living area, p..."
"Two bedroomed first floor apartment with a private balcony and its own allocated car parking space, is located within a popular City development. Walls Avenue lies a short walk away from many favourable amenities and attractions which the historic city of Chester has to offer."
*** YOU MUST BE AN INVESTOR BUYER TO ENQUIRE ABOUT THIS PROPERTY - NOT AVAILABLE TO FIRST TIME BUYERS *** Landlord to Landlord Service - GetAnOffer are looking for LANDLORDS to purchase this home which is currently RENTED producing an income. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property fo...
"An ideal opportunity to acquire a ready made buy to let investment SOLD with current tenant on a long term contract, generating a substantial monthly return on investment"
"* NO CHAIN* Large two bedroom, two bathroom apartment with an allocated parking space in the secure underground car park. Great Investment purchase!"
****Investment Opportunity**** This two bedroom First Floor Flat is located in the heart of Hoole close to the local amenities to include shops and the railway station. With easy access to the City Centre and motorway network this provides a great first time buyers home or investment property. ...
"3 BEDROOM home in CHESTER available to buy through SHARED OWNERSHIP from £158,500 for a 50% share, complete with MODERN BATHROOM and KITCHEN (with integrated oven and hob) and a turfed REAR GARDEN. Chester Business Park only a two minute walk away."
"A LARGER THAN AVERAGE second floor one bedroom apartment with a single ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE within a secure basement, a late Victorian facade, and an extremely convenient location within WALKING DISTANCE OF THE RAILWAY STATION and city centre."
"Investment opportunity for landlords. This property is currently let at £750 pcm. PDA Estate Agents are delighted to offer this three bedroom house with open plan living room/ dining room, fitted kitchen and a modern shower room. The property benefits from a good sized rear garden with outb..."
"70% Ownership of a quiet true bungalow within walking distance of Chester City Centre. This one-bedroom bungalow sits in a cul-de-sac location in Vicars Cross.
Ages 55 and over only. The property briefly comprises an Entrance Hallway, Kitchen, Living room, Two Bedrooms, and a Bathroom. There is..."
"A third floor two bedroom late 1990s apartment with useful allocated parking space, far reaching skyline views to the north and south, generous communal visitors’ parking spaces, current rental income stream, and an extremely popular as well as convenient location within a mile of the Chest..."
"FOR SALE BY MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION. Situated close to the City Centre and the railway station, this mid terraced property is a perfect investment property or first time buyer opportunity, offering spacious accommodation in a particularly convenient location. With gas central heating and do..."
A spacious 2 bed ground floor apartment with communal gardens in a desirable location in Vicars Cross with no onward chain. This property briefly comprises; entrance hall with built in storage. Large lounge with fireplace looking over the beautiful gardens. A separate kitchen accessed from the lo...
Arable land extending to about 15.6 acres.
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY!!!!Are you looking to invest in property , then this is the property for you, currently selling with tenant in sit currently paying £800 pcm, looking to remain long term if possible. Property itself is a good family home. with three good bedrooms and private rear gard..."
"***NO CHAIN*** This is a great three bedroom property that provides ample living space, to really appreciate it you must book your viewing now! The property is perfect for a first time buyer or someone looking for an investment property. Upon entering the home there is a good size entrance hall, ..."
"Forming part of a well-known retirement complex available for prospective purchasers of 55 years and above. This well-proportioned, two bedroom, first floor apartment sits in an enviable position within easy walking distance of Chester city centre and enjoying lovely views over the rooftops of c..."
The perfect home for any first-time buyer! Located on the outskirts of Chester City Centre the property is tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac and comes complete with allocated parking. An array of local amenities are within walking distance and convenient public transport links allow easy access t...
"Offered to market with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this one bedroomed mid terraced Bungalow, pleasantly situated in a cul-de-sac location. Cedar Mews is situated off Saughall Road on the outskirts of Chester City Centre and the property enjoys excellent transport links and there is local shopping faciliti..."
"Investment opportunity for landlords. This property is currently let , PDA Estate Agents are delighted to offer this mid terraced three bedroom house for sale. Situated on Stratford Road in Blacon this home benefits from spacious accommodation and three good sized bedrooms. The property comprises..."
"3 BEDROOM home in CHESTER available to buy through SHARED OWNERSHIP from £141,500 for a 50% share, complete with MODERN BATHROOM and KITCHEN (with integrated oven and hob) and a turfed REAR GARDEN. Chester Business Park only a two minute walk away."
"3 BEDROOM home in CHESTER available to buy through SHARED OWNERSHIP from £140,250 for a 50% share, complete with MODERN BATHROOM and KITCHEN (with integrated oven and hob) and a turfed REAR GARDEN. Chester Business Park only a two minute walk away."
"A 2 bed ground floor maisonette located just off Hough Green, just opposite the entrance to Westminster Park within walking distance of the city centre. This property briefly comprises; entrance hall leading to the spacious main lounge. A separate kitchen and a wet room. There is a double ..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN: CASH BUYERS PREFERRED - 2 double bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment set in a modern split-level building with allocated parking within the complex parking garage and located in a prime city location equidistant to the city centre and Chester railway station. "
CLS are pleased to offer this two bedroom top floor apartment located in a Grade II listed building of immense character and enjoying stunning views. Offered with no onward chain you approach the apartment via the secure grand communal entrance with sweeping staircase leading you to the top f...
CLS Estates are pleased to offer this one double bedroom duplex apartment situated on the edge of Chester City Centre in Boughton. It is within easy walking distance of the historic city of Chester and also has its own local amenities. The main motorway network is easily accessed providing co...
"2 bedroom third floor apartment within walking distance to the city centre with no onward chain. Located just a short distance from Chester city centre. The property is within walking distance of the railway station, bus station, shops, bars, restaurants, racecourse, Grosvenor Park an..."
A rare opportunity! A one bedroom apartment in this amazing suburb with an open outlook.
"ATTENTION first time buyers, this immaculately presented top floor apartment is offered with stunning views over Chester Racecourse from the balcony and NO ONWARD CHAIN. A one bedroom apartment with an allocated parking space is an ideal opportunity for first time purchasers or investors."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS! GENERATE INSTANT INCOME ON THE BEAUTIFUL ONE BEDROOM APARTMENT. Spacious one bedroom apartment available, located in the heart of Chester."
"Well-presented and modern one-bedroom apartment in the ever-popular CH3 area. Perfect for a FTB or even an investor looking to add to their portfolio. Finished throughout to a good standard you could move in and drop your bags.  The property offers up a bright entrance hallway, a spaci..."
"**Being sold with a sitting tenant until November 2023 - paying £700pcm** A spacious 2 bed maisonette over 2 floors with a terrace to the rear as well as private parking and no onward chain, it also has recent upgrades with new Firestone roof and new boiler. It is positioned abov..."
"Attention first time buyers and investors looking for one double bedroom apartment with an allocated parking space, tucked away position and very convenient location close to the historica City of Chester."
"A superb and stylish one bedroom apartment within this period property combining both traditional and contemporary features. Situated in a central Hoole location, just a short walk away from the Hoole playing fields and Alexandra Park and just two minute walk from the many resta..."
"3 BEDROOM home in CHESTER available to buy through SHARED OWNERSHIP from £126,800 for a 40% share, complete with MODERN BATHROOM and KITCHEN (with integrated oven and hob) and a turfed REAR GARDEN. Chester Business Park only a two minute walk away."
"A two bedroom mid-terrace house, with pebbled front section, larger than average south facing lawned and deck to rear garden, and a very popular location just over a mile from the Chester city centre. THIS PROPERTY IS FOR SALE BY THE MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION, PLEASE SEE INFORMATION BEL..."
"Spacious one bedroom 1st floor apartment located in the Shot Tower development off City Road. Accommodation is offered furnished and comprises, entrance hallway, open plan living area with table/chairs included, fitted kitchen including washing machine, double bedroom with bed/fitted wardrobe and..."
"A SECOND FLOOR two bedroom 1980s apartment with single ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE, and a very convenient location within WALKING DISTANCE OF THE CITY CENTRE and Chester Racecourse. Representing an ideal purchase for first time buyers or investment purchasers seeking to acquire a buy to le..."
"A one-bedroom third-floor apartment, with single allocated parking space, courtyard aspect, and an extremely convenient landmark development location within walking distance of the railway station and Chester city centre. An ideal purchase for investors, this well-proportioned apartmen..."
"*RECENTLY REFURBISHED THROUGHOUT 3/23* NO CHAIN - A fantastic first-time buy or investment opportunity. This 3 Bedroom first-floor Maisonette sits in the Chester City Centre; Fantastic for those working in the city! There is also easy access to the train and bus station, making it IDEAL for comm..."
"A spacious 2-bedroom, 2nd floor apartment within walking distance of both Chester city centre and the popular area of Hoole. With an open plan lounge/diner, stylish fitted kitchen and en-suite shower room to master bedroom."
"CLS Estates are pleased to offer this spacious ground floor one bedroom apartment which forms part of a grade II listed building, nestled canal side and within just a few minutes walk to both the Train station and the City Centre. Accommodation briefly comprises, entrance hallway, large lounge..."
"An attractive parcel of agricultural land currently down to grass totalling 9.98 acres (4.04 ha). The land is in a prime position, set back off Tarvin Road, Littleton and would be suitable for a range of purchasers including for agricultural and equestrian use."
"This is a fantastic property for a first time buyer!! It is conveniently situated close to the Greyhound retail park, and forms part of a purpose built apartment block, with allocated parking. With-in a reasonable walking distance from the City center. It comprises; reception hall, living room, k..."
"CLS Estates are pleased to offer this beautiful, fully furnished, one bedroom apartment within the delightful Georgian grade listed building of Newton Hall, Situated near the popular suburbs of Upton and Hoole. This light and airy apartment comprises of open plan kitchen/lounge/diner, double ..."
"A spacious retirement apartment in the popular Cedar House development. This well decorated flat has accommodation comprising entrance hall, living room, kitchen, double bedroom with fitted wardrobes and bathroom. Cedar House offers excellent benefits including a House Manager, residents lo..."
"A 1960s first and second floor duplex maisonette with inherent modernisation potential, aspects over an attractive green space to the south-west, and an extremely convenient location within walking distance of the railway station and city centre. Structured in the post-war decades this..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN A first floor one bedroom early 1990s retirement apartment within a highly regarded complex just over the old Dee bridge. A well-known retirement complex for those of 55 years and over, Queens Park house is superbly placed for access to the historic Roman city of C..."
"3 BEDROOM home in CHESTER available to buy through SHARED OWNERSHIP from £113,200 for a 40% share, complete with MODERN BATHROOM and KITCHEN (with integrated oven and hob) and a turfed REAR GARDEN. Chester Business Park only a two minute walk away."
"Kingswood is a stunning development built in 2015 comprising of 82 modern and contemporary apartments finished to a high standard. Each apartment is fitted with fire and smoke alarms, phone entry system for additional security and a 24 hour emergency call system. There are lifts to the..."
"3 BEDROOM home in CHESTER available to buy through SHARED OWNERSHIP from £112,200 for a 40% share, complete with MODERN BATHROOM and KITCHEN (with integrated oven and hob) and a turfed REAR GARDEN. Chester Business Park only a two minute walk away."
Wonderful 3 bedroom Mid Terraced house in the Kings Moat Garden Village development. The price advertised represents purchasing a 40% share of the home
"A spacious retirement apartment in the popular Cedar House development. This well decorated and spacious flat has accommodation comprising entrance hall, living room, kitchen, double bedroom with fitted wardrobes and shower room. Cedar House offers excellent benefits including a House Manag..."
"A modern second floor two-bedroom apartment, in a popular established and convenient residential location to the north of Chester. With an attractive modern style and location that is replete with various local shopping facilities and schools, this apartment is ideally placed. The loca..."
"*INVESTMENT BUYERS ONLY* A one bedroom corner mews house with existing rental income, front and side lawned garden, and a popular as well as extremely convenient location to the south west of Chester. An ideal purchase for an investment buyer, this property is being sold with a tenant ..."
**Attention investors** This studio ground floor apartment has been recently renovated and improved throughout. Situated in the quiet location of Bluebell Close Huntington the property is compact yet the use of space is incredibly clever. With a rental valuation of £625pcm the property is a ...
"ONE BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT situated within a RETIREMENT LIVING DEVELOPMENT for the OVER 60'S, with all the charm of CHESTER on your doorstep, close to Grosvenor Park and the River Dee."
"Located within the popular Chester suburb of Saltney, this two bedroom, ground floor apartment requires a degree of modernisation comprising an entrance hall, living room, kitchen and bathroom, with the benefit of gas central heating. Having a lawned and shrubbed rear garden and an allocated park..."
"Hunters are delighted to offer this end row property situated within this maturing residential area. This home is all about space for the family, with many of the finer features of modern living in abundance. This thoroughly contemporary idiom is continued in the open plan room layout lending..."
"* TOP FLOOR APARTMENT * PERFECT FOR A FIRST TIME BUYER * RESIDENTS PARKING SCHEME IN THE AREA * A modern one bedroom second floor apartment forming part of a popular development ideally situated within walking distance of Chester City Centre, the Shropshire Union Canal, a Waitrose supermarket, an..."
"Located at the heart of the popular Chester suburb of Saltney located within a 5/10 minute drive from the city centre, is this generously proportioned, two double bedroom, duplex apartment positioned above a parade of shops."
"FOR SALE VIA OUR ONLINE AUCTION ON THE 6TH MARCH AT 1PM. Well presented two double bedroom ground floor apartment is being sold with tenants in situ and achieving a gross annual yield of £7,200 pa."
"PDA Estate Agents are pleased to market this recently re-decorated one double bedroom flat, offered for sale with vacant possession and no onward chain. In brief there is a spacious lounge, modern kitchen, one double bedroom, fitted bathroom with shower and there is also a balcony with views over..."
"A fabulous 2-bed apartment situated next to Chester racecourse, only a short walk from the city centre, with an open plan living area, Juliet balconies to the lounge and master bedroom overlooking the racecourse and the River Dee respectively, and a designated car parking space."
A modern Studio apartment perfect for cash investors in the student market close to the city centre and the train station. This building is a5 student specific accommodation development. It is located just a short distance from Chester city centre. The property is within walking distan...
"A superb investment opportunity for investment purchasers to acquire a ready to go tenancy, with the current tenant in situ since 2018, currently paying c£600 per calendar month. Well presented through-out, it is well located for local convenience's, and the City Centre. With gas central he..."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS! CIRCA 8% YIELD ON THIS SMART ONE BEDROOMED GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT IN SALTNEY. The apartment comprises in brief: entrance hallway, good sized double bedroom, bathroom and kitchen/diner and private electric gated parking. This apartment is also situated perf..."
A ONE BEDROOM SECOND FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT WITH JULIETTE BALCONY OVERLOOKING GARDENS Mallard Court was constructed by McCarthy & Stone (Developments) Ltd and comprises 50 properties arranged over 3 floors each served by lift. The Development Manager can be contacted from various points ...
"A ONE BEDROOM RETIREMENT APARTMENT LOCATED ON THE FIRST FLOOR OVERLOOKING GARDENS BENEFITING FROM NEW CARPETS AND RE-FITTED SHOWER ROOM Arkle Court within a short walk of bus stops, Super markets, fuel station, barber, convenience store and take away restaurants are all nearby. Convenientl..."
A ONE BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT Mallard Court was constructed by McCarthy & Stone (Developments) Ltd and comprises 50 properties arranged over 3 floors each served by lift. The Development Manager can be contacted from various points within each property in the case of an eme...
"Two bedroom ground floor apartment close to the City Centre. The accommodation has UPVC double glazing and comprises: Modern open-plan kitchen area with living room, balcony, two double bedrooms and bathroom. The property has an allocated parking space."
"A superb opportunity to purchase a minimum 50% - 75% share of a two-bedroom, ground floor apartment benefiting from one parking space. After completion there is the opportunity to acquire 100% ownership. Must meet eligibility criteria.
"
"* INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY * CURRENTLY LET FOR ACADEMIC YEAR 2022/23. A modern studio apartment forming part of a student specific accommodation development close to University of Chester, Chester city centre and the Chester Railway Station. This studio is located on the first floor and is finishe..."
"* AN IDEAL OPPORTUNITY FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS * A top floor studio apartment recently refurbished offering a superb view towards Chester Cathedral. The property is part of a ""Discount for sale scheme"" with Cheshire West and Chester Council, to own 100% of the property at a 30 % discount. THIS PROP..."
"Located within a vibrant city centre location, Chedworth House, which itself forms part of 'The Square' development, close to the main Chester railway station and popular nightspots found along the Shropshire Union Canal which is a stone's throw away."
"A tastefully decorated first floor one bedroom post millennium retirement apartment, forming part of a very popular as well as convenient complex to the north of Chester. Constructed by McCarthy and Stone in the post millennium period, Mallard Court is an appealing retirement location ..."
"A 55% share in a first floor, two bedroom, post-millennium apartment, within a landmark development under a mile from the Chester city centre and within walking distance of the railway station. Of particular interest to those seeking to acquire a first rung on the property ladder, the ..."
***CASH BUYERS ONLY*** Completed in September 2016 Northgate Point provides individually-designed luxury studio apartments for the next generation of UK and overseas students living in Chester. The development is 5-storeys in total with the 5th floor set back away from Trafford Street. <...
"Attention first time buyers, this spacious one bed ground floor apartment is offered at 50% SHARED OWNERSHIP with a balcony, allocated parking space and is perfectly located next door to the historic Little Roodee racecourse within a short walking distance to the centre of Chester."
"Offered to market with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this first floor one bedroomed apartment which is situated within Mallard Court, a popular development for those aged over 60. Mallard Court is located with Upton, one of Chester's most popular areas and the development is positioned within a short walk o..."
"This is an ideal first time buyer ground floor apartment, certain eligibility required to purchase this 75% shared equity property ( please ask for further details). The ground floor apartment is situated close to Chester Racecourse, short walk from Chester City centre. Chester City centre h..."
"Attention all first time buyers looking for their first home, this is an ideal opportunity to purchase a 60% shared ownership first floor flat which offers easy to manage accommodation occupying a convenient and central location close to the City."
A well presented One bedroomed ground floor flat for those aged 60 and above located within the popular Homedee House development. The building is positioned within an easy walkable distance of the city centre and it's vast array of amenities and services. Homedee House features a range of facili...
Available for sale; this modern studio apartment which is ideal for cash investors interested in investing in the student housing market. Northgate Point is a student specific accommodation development and is located just a short walk from Chester’s city centre. It has much to offer and is...
"This one bedroom retirement apartment is conveniently located within the city centre, offering nearby amenities, walking distance of Chester Train Station and Bus Station. Homedee House consists of a Lounge/Dining room, Kitchen, Bathroom and a double Bedroom with an integrated wardrobe."
"Tenanted and fully managed student studio for sale, generating £2,857.00 net rental income (6.7% net) per year. Fully managed by an experienced student property management company. "
"A 1980s third floor studio style retirement apartment, with skyline views to the south, and an extremely convenient location just outside the city walls of Chester. Having the feel of a rooftop apartment, this particular flat has an appeal all of its own and is limited to occupiers of ..."
***Fantastic Managed Investment*** This city center investment opportunity is perfect for someone wanting a hand off investment offing 7.5% return. We are offering this fully furnished student room/pod for sale to cash investors looking to start an investment portfolio or grow an existing port...
A first floor 1 bed apartment with no onward chain and with a Juliet balcony overlooking the communal gardens. This is perfect for first time buyers and being sold as a 25 % Shared Ownership with the option to staircase. This property briefly comprises; entrance hall with a built in storage. Larg...
"A 25% share in a second floor two bedroom, two bathroom post-millennium apartment, within a landmark development under a mile from the Chester city centre and within walking distance of the railway station. Of special interest to first time buyers seeking to obtain an initial step on t..."
"Situated in the heart of Chester, Trinity Hall offers student accommodation pods and is very convenient for many of the Chester University campuses. Offering a brilliant investment opportunity and with a student in situ until August 2021, Humphreys are pleased to offer to the market this one bedr..."
