Summary
"Welcoming to the market this extended, character three bedroom end of terrace family home with driveway parking, located in Bognor Road, Chichester and a short stroll from the City Centre which benefits from ample shops, restaurants and bars. On the ground floor the accommodation comprises a fitt..."
"An exceptionally well presented and substantial Grade II listed Georgian Gem of elegant proportions, in a prime city centre location, within a short walk of the level pedestrianised shopping areas and close to the delightful grounds of Priory Park and ancient Roman Walls. "
"Only 1/4 mile from Goodwood, this elegant home with an ANNEXE is surrounded by open farmland and sits right on the edge of the South Downs National Park."
"A handsome three/four bedroom family home in the north of historic Chichester, with beautifully appointed interiors and a swimming pool."
"A beautifully presented and generously proportioned ground floor 3-bedroom apartment within the city walls, having secured private parking"
"A beautifully presented and significantly extended family home situated in one of the most popular and respected areas of north Chichester. The house has been extended on either side and the back with the addition of two further bedrooms and en-suites, a sun room, utility room and magnificent in..."
"Benefitting from an additional investment property producing an income of approximately £40,800 per annum, an attractive Georgian townhouse, Listed Grade II, with west facing garden and private parking, located within walking distance of the pedestrianised city centre, Oaklands Park and Chi..."
"Located in an excellent position on the northern fringes of Chichester, 18 Roman Fields forms part of a small private development constructed by Messrs Seaward Homes in 2016. This beautifully appointed detached property offers excellent accommodation with red brick and part tile hung ..."
"Located in a prime position within the walls of this historic cathedral city, an investment opportunity to acquire six recently converted apartments, individually let on residential Assured Shorthold Tenancy Agreements."
"A spacious and beautifully presented 3 double bedroom detached house set within delightful mature gardens and grounds of about a third of an acre, and situated less than half a mile from the cathedral and the heart of Chichester city centre."
"Set within grounds of just under half an acre and located within this much sought after and tranquil semi rural lane in Summersdale, a well presented detached property with spacious and versatile accommodation throughout."
"Located on the northern edge of Chichester city centre, a spacious detached chalet bungalow with well presented accommodation and scope for enlargement subject to usual planning consents."
OPEN MORNING - SATURDAY 11th MARCH - 10.00am - 1.00pm. Call to book your appointment.
"NO FORWARD CHAIN. A charming FLINT & BRICK detached PERIOD PROPERTY situated in a convenient location to the north of the city centre. THREE BEDROOMS, three receptions, conservatory. DOUBLE GARAGE, generous plot, SOUTH FACING GARDENS. EPC-E"
"A superbly presented detached house is set at the end of a quiet cul de sac in the highly sought-after area of West Broyle, located 1.7 miles northwest of Chichester city centre."
"2,211 Sqft PRESTIGEOUS TOWN HOUSE located in the EXCLUSIVE MARCHWOOD development to the north of the city centre. Flexible accommodation with a combination of 2/3 RECEPTION ROOMS, 4/5 BEDROOMS. 3 Bathrooms (2 en-suite), OPEN PLAN DOUBLE GARAGE. EPC-C"
"This wonderfully bright and spacious home (2309sqft or 214.5sqm) was completely remodelled back in 2017 to an exceptionally high standard creating an extremely flexible home with generously proportioned bedrooms and reception rooms, with, in particular, a large master bedroom with dressing room a..."
"‘Cropstones’ is a beautifully presented four double bedroom town house, situated in one of Chichester’s most desirable locations of Summersdale. The property offers flexible accommodation over three floors. On the ground floor is a generous size hallway and a modern ..."
"A beautiful four-bedroom terraced home in the heart of Chichester, with two reception rooms and a pretty courtyard garden."
A stunning individually designed NEWLY BUILT (2022) DETACHED TOWN HOUSE in the heart of Chichester. Superb OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/FAMILY/DINING ROOM with bi folding doors overlooking the south east facing rear garden. EN-SUITE PRINCIPAL BEDROOM and guest bedroom. Air source heat pump central heating...
White & Brooks are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached character property which was constructed in ‘1857’ and has been sympathetically extended and improved since being built. The property is within walking distance to the City Centre with easy access to the Tra...
A substantially extended 5 bedroom detached house conveniently situated near to the A27 and only half a mile from Chichester train station and city centre. The internal accommodation has been significantly upgraded by the present owners and offers numerous smart features and air conditioning thr...
"PRICE GUIDE £800,000 - £860000 4 BEDS/3 BATHS, DOUBLE GARAGE, CLOSE TO CENTRE OF CHICHESTER Aspire Country Homes are pleased to offer for sale this very attractive and individually styled semi detached home within walking distance of the centre of Chichester. The property is set over (cont.)"
"NO FORWARD CHAIN. An individual Grade II listed SINGLE STOREY RESIDENCE. Octagonal KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM, three bedrooms, two bathrooms. GARAGE."
"A superb four-bedroom 2000sqft+ detached house, located in a very generous plot with views over fields to the rear in the sought after village of Donnington but still within striking distance of the city centre and approximately 1 mile from the train station. The property has been extended and fu..."
King & Chasemore are delighted to present to the market a generously sized FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE offering easy access to local schools and transport links. On the ground floor you are welcomed by a large ENTRANCE HALL leading into the open-planned KITCHEN/DINER. The mod...
"NO ONWARD CHAIN. A bright GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT in an attractive development ¾ mile from the city centre. Own private entrance, TWO BEDROOMS, contemporary kitchen and ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE. EPC-C"
Substantial Family home situated in the highly sought after village of Fishbourne. The house has been significantly EXTENDED and enjoys a LARGE REAR GARDEN as well as AMPLE PARKING and well presented interiors.
Delightful 4 bedroom Grade II listed property situated within minutes of the historic East Walls and in the heart of the City. Spacious adaptable accommodation over three floors being offered with a pretty walled courtyard garden. 
"Situated in a quiet, highly sought after location, this detached bungalow is a fantastic place to call home. Nestled at the end of a private road, the property boasts a generous plot leaving ample space to extend and develop (subject to consents) and has plenty of space for off road parking. Feat..."
"A bright and well presented DETACHED BUNGALOW in one of the finest locations in Chichester. THREE BEDROOMS, two receptions. Excellent scope for EXTENSION/IMPROVEMENT (STPP), ample parking, 0.27 ACRE GARDEN. EPC-E. Please call Henry Adams for further information"
"Located at the end of a private lane, off one of Chichester most attractive and desirable roads, this well presented detached bungalow sits on a good sized plot, has a garage and offers enormous potential to extend (STPP). Entrance hall | Living room | Kitchen | Utility room | Dining roo..."
A beautifully presented and skilfully extended four bedroom house with a large south facing garden and home office/studio set just to the south of Chichester. Located in the village of Donnington which offers a good selection of local shops and amenities and yet still within a stroll of Chicheste...
"Minerva Heights - Home Movers Event - 25th & 26th March - Book your appointment today! Join our Home Movers event on 25th & 26th March to discover how we can help you sell your current home, so that you can move into a brand new Bovis Home with our Smooth Move & Home Exchange purchase schemes!"
"**GUIDE PRICE £700,000 - £720,000** | Potential for an Annex | Five/Six Bedroom Detached House | Highly Sought After Location | Two/Three Reception Rooms | Kitchen/Dining Room | Utility Area | Downstairs W.C. | Two Bathrooms |..."
"Welcoming to the market this exceptional three bedroom detached family home situated in an exclusive development comprising of just six, three and four bedroom detached houses, all of which are complete with garages. This property is being offered with no forward chain, perfect for those in a pro..."
This beautifully presented property has recently been significantly updated by the current owners and now provides light and well-appointed accommodation arranged over two floors. The property benefits from a welcoming reception hall with Richmond Whittaker laminate oak flooring and glazed doubl...
"1,763 sqft DETACHED HOUSE. Flexible accommodation, 3/4 BEDROOMS, close to train station and local primary school. WEST FACING GARDEN, off-road parking. EPC-C"
"A charming COTTAGE STYLE HOME offering bright spacious accommodation, bathed in natural sunlight. TRIPLE ASPECT SITTING ROOM with wood burner, OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining room, study and conservatory. Flexible accommodation layout. PRIVATE DRIVE & GARAGE. EPC-D"
"The Weaver is an *ENERGY EFFICIENT AND CHAIN FREE* home with *4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS* an *EN SUITE AND DRESSING AREA* to bedroom 1 and *EN SUITE* to bedroom 2. The *OPEN PLAN* kitchen, dining and family area comes with *FRENCH DOORS*, the living room features *FRENCH DOORS TO THE LANDSCAPED GARDEN*"
"An extended and beautifully presented, three/four-bedroom semi-detached property located in a quiet no through road, but still within easy walking distance of the City centre and rail station. This property has been extended and heavily updated by the current owners including, new heating system,..."
A charming 3 storey 4 bedroom town house with gas central heating situated in this highly sought after gated development overlooking the Chichester canal in the heart of the city centre and less than 400m from the train station. Internal accommodation is well laid out and on the ground floor th...
"A Grade II Listed property, currently used as office space with 2717 SQ.FT/ 252.4 SQ.M of accommodation, enjoying a South facing courtyard garden, set within the City Walls."
"Substantial DETACHED family home with stunning interiors and spacious principal rooms across both floors. The house benefits from OFF ROAD PARKING, large LANDSCAPED GARDEN, GARAGE and occupies a commanding position overlooking the neighbouring green."
"A spacious family home, boasting an open plan kitchen / dining room with french doors leading into the garden. A high specificiation throughout, separate garage and dressing room to bedroom 1. Find out more..."
THREE BEDROOM DETACHED home with SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/FAMILY AREA and a LARGE SEPARATE LOUNGE. An EN-SUITE to EVERY BEDROOM and a walk-in wardrobe to the master.
"An attractive Edwardian semi detached house with potential to modernise, situated in this desirable area of Summersdale. NO FORWARD CHAIN Entrance hall | Sitting room/Bedroom three | Kitchen | Lounge/Dining room | Utility room | WC | Two first floor bedrooms | Study | Bathroom"
"This is the perfect family home! A superb detached house, set over two floors with four bedrooms and a study, spacious ground floor living accommodation and all in such a fantastic location close to the best local schools and Goodwood!"
"We are proud to present this Five Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £620,000 - £650,000*"
"A superb DETACHED HOUSE on the sought after MINERVA HEIGHTS development just to the north of the city. The Pembroke is a 4 BEDROOM, 2 BATHROOM property which has been UPGRADED by the current owners with extended counter tops in the kitchen and some internal doors downstairs. The outlook to the re..."
"The charming Crofton has that lovely COTTAGE FEEL, offering 2 BEDROOMS, a BRIGHT KITCHEN/DINING ROOM with patio doors onto the garden making this the perfect home for a couple or small family. The Crofton also benefits from TWO PARKING SPACES."
"DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM family home. TRADITIONAL ARCHITECTURE with SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN LIVING including a SEPARATE LOUNGE, plus EN-SUITE to the master bedroom along with two further doubles and a single bedroom."
An immaculately presented and substantial five bedroom detached house just slightly to the east of Chichester city centre. Completed in 2019 this superb house still benefits from the remainder of the NHBC warranty and is presented in immaculate condition. The property has very well laid out accom...
"White & Brooks are pleased to welcome to the market this beautifully presented semi-detached family home, situated in a popular residential location within walking distance to Chichester City Centre. In brief the accommodation comprises of a spacious hallway, with a bedroom and modern shower ..."
"Modern three bedroom detached bungalow situated in a highly sought after location benefiting from off road PARKING, Garage and open plan living space. The property is presented in IMMACULATE order throughout with large light filled rooms."
"A top floor penthouse apartment oiffering 1,404 sqft/130.4sqm of accommodatrion set in a modern development, just a 700m walk to the City Centre Cross. Overlooking the attractive and well-maintained communal gardens with a private parking space."
"With its spacious living areas, aspects of open plan living and considerable light, the Bosham is a beautiful home, perfectly designed for the flow of family life. The kitchen/dining room which stretches across the broad width of the property will quickly become the heart of your hom..."
"Winterbourne House is a delightful unlisted period home in the heart of Chichester city centre, with brick and flint walls under a tiled roof. It is believed that the house dates from the early 18th century, and was originally two adjoining buildings and a stable with a hayloft above. The prop..."
An extended and well presented DETACHED HOUSE situated in a cul-de-sac location on the favoured EAST BROYLE ESTATE. THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS. Tandem garage and SOUTH FACING GARDEN. EPC-C
"An IMMACULATELY presented, high specification SUBSTANTIAL FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE, just slightly to the west of Chichester city centre on the popular Minerva Heights development. Completed in 2021 this superb house still benefits from the remainder of the NHBC warranty and is presented in as ..."
"Beautifully presented family home situated in a highly sought after area benefiting from OFF ROAD PARKING, WEST FAING garden, OPEN PLAN living space and four bedrooms."
"A beautifully appointed and elegant ground floor, duplex apartment which was recently refurbished by its current owner. It forms part of a former, large country house and is set in around 3 acres of mature parkland grounds. Entrance hall | Elegant lounge with mezzanine | Beautifully fitt..."
"With its spacious living areas, aspects of open plan living and considerable light, the Bosham is a beautiful home, perfectly designed for the flow of family life.The kitchen/dining room which stretches across the broad width of the property will quickly become the heart of your home. ..."
A charming DETACHED EDWARDIAN 3 BEDROOM HOUSE within walking distance of the city centre. The house retains a number of period features including stripped pine floors and open fireplaces.
"Set in approximately 0.2 of an acre of mature gardens and with scope to be extended, subject to usual planning consents, a bright detached 3 bedroom bungalow with garage and parking for several cars."
"A SUBSTANTIAL and EXTENDED 3 DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME in the popular Stockbridge area of Chichester, which lies just to the south of the city. The house could do with some minor updating throughout."
"A well-proportioned three-bedroom semi-detached property in the highly sought after Summersdale area to the North of Chichester. The property has been under the current ownership for almost 20 years and offers huge scope for extending (STPP) the layout briefly comprises an entrance porch, dining ..."
"A well-proportioned and beautifully presented three bedroom detached house located on the popular East Broyle Estate. The property benefits from an elevated position at the top of Worcester Road, close to Jessie Younghusband Primary School and Bishop Luffa Secondary School – both highly regarded...."
"A well-presented four bedroom semi-detached house located just slightly to the south of the city centre in a popular quiet residential location. The property has spacious accommodation arranged over two storeys with a bay fronted sitting room to the front, study, ground-floor W.C. and an open pla..."
"Tucked away in a peaceful cul-de-sac, this well-presented detached house offers spacious rooms and flexible living space to suit a variety of buyers. The property boasts a charming kitchen/dining room which is a wonderful space to enjoy and is ideal for hosting. In addition to this, this home ben..."
Chain free purchase available in the Parklands area. This semi-detached bungalow is perfect for buyers downsizing or looking for something with potential to be developed (subject to consents). The property boasts ample off road parking along with a detached garage and a sizeable garden plot which...
A GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT overlooking the Chichester Canal with the benefit of SECURE UNDERGROUND PARKING and OUTSIDE SPACE. Large dual aspect sitting room with French doors to PRIVATE PATIO. TWO BEDROOMS both EN-SUITE. EPC-C
"A CHAIN FREE, linked (by garage) DETACHED HOUSE situated in a popular residential location to the north of Chichester city centre. THREE BEDROOMS. WEST FACING REAR GARDEN, garage and driveway. EPC-C"
"A superb second floor apartment located in a central position in Church Square at the end of East Street, a prestigious development built by Seaward Properties. This well-presented property offers excellent accommodation benefitting from a spacious reception hall with cloakroom, a good..."
An exceptionally well-presented detached bungalow located a short distance from Chichester City Centre. 
FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED home with a SPACIOUS INTERIOR including LARGE SEPARATE LOUNGE and OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM. First floor boasts 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS with an EN-SUITE to the master.
"Filled with potential, this 1930's semi-detached house has huge potential for expansion (subject to consents) with plenty of examples along the road. The property boasts excellent transport links for commuters and easy access into Chichester's city centre via the canal and foot bridge. The stunni..."
"White and Brooks are excited to welcome to the market this beautiful 1950’s detached three bedroom family home, situated in an extremely convenient location, within easy walking distance of Chichester City Centre and all its central amenities. In brief the accommodation comprises to the gro..."
"A beautifully presented and extended four-bedroom, semi-detached house built in 2018 by Bargate homes located in a quiet location in the sought after Donnington area of Chichester, which is a 15-minute walk to the centre. The property has light and bright accommodation arranged over three storeys..."
THREE BEDROOM HOME with and EN-SUITE TO EACH along with a WALK-IN DRESSING ROOM to the master. Ground floor boasts an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM along with SEPARATE UTILITY and CLOAKS ROOM as well as a SEPARATE LOUNGE and INTEGRAL GARAGE.
"Chain free! A spacious detached house with a delightful garden and off-road parking, located within a modern gated development close to the renowned Chichester Festival Theatre to the North of the City. The property has well-proportioned accommodation arranged over two floors including a generous..."
"A well-presented three-bedroom house with driveway parking in one of the most sought-after roads in Chichester. Located in the Summersdale area, slightly to the North of Chichester city centre the house is superbly situated to enjoy city, country, and coastal pursuits. The property has light, bri..."
"The Bowyer is the perfect double-fronted *ENERGY EFFICIENT CHAIN FREE FAMILY HOME* with *3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS & ONE SINGLE*, an *OPEN PLAN* kitchen, family and dining area with *INTEGRATED KITCHEN APPLIANCES* and *FRENCH DOORS TO THE GARDEN*, *DUAL ASPECT LIVING ROOM* and an *EN SUITE* to bedroom 1."
FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED home with OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING FAMILY area and a SEPARATE LOUNGE and an EN-SUITE MASTER BEDROOM.
"Located in an excellent position just a few yards from Chichester city centre and the Bishop Palace Gardens, 27 Henty Gardens forms part of a sought-after development constructed by Seaward Homes approximately 30 years ago. The property offers well-presented accommodation benefitting f..."
"1,124 sqft elegant UPPER GROUND FLOOR apartment enjoying an elevated position in a Grade II* listed building close to the FESTIVAL THEATRE and city centre. TWO BEDROOMS, two bathrooms, GARAGE."
"A beautifully presented, bay fronted, three-bedroom semi detached house located within a stone's throw of Chichester City Centre. Cleveland Road is a sought after location just outside the city walls. The property itself has been significantly updated, extended, and improved in recent years ..."
"A beautifully presented and deceptively spacious three-bedroom end of terrace town house with an integral garage, located on the Goodwood Estate in the village of Westhampnett approximately 1.5 miles to the east of Chichester. The property one of the larger builds on the development and is situat..."
"A well-proportioned and brilliantly light link-detached family home with potential, sold with no onward chain. The property boasts generous room sizes, garage with store to the rear and a delightful rear garden in addition to it's desirable location in the East Broyle Estate just north of Chiches..."
"Beautifully balanced, both inside and out, the three bedroom Amberley combines a peaceful environment with a practical living space. Step inside and you'll see how that balance continues throughout, with a large open plan kitchen / dining room to the left of the hall and a full wid..."
"The Lincoln takes flexibility to a whole new level with three bedrooms and three floors that you can arrange in any way you want to suit your family and your lifestyle. Downstairs is the perfect blend of family time and personal space, with a lively, open plan kitchen / dining room for..."
Substantial bungalow situated on the highly sought after PRIVATE Marchwood estate to the north of Chichester within easy reach of the South Downs National Park and the city centre. Residents benefit from the use of both a SWIMMING POOL and TENNIS Court.
"This detached house hasn't been to the market in over 40 years! It offers space, easy access into the city centre and is located in a fantastic school catchment area. The home has been extended with a conservatory and benefits from a useful, attached garage offering the potential to convert or ex..."
"From the impressive wood cladding that enhances the roofline to the decorative door cornice that adds elegance to the entrance, The Warwick has an authentic aura that underlines the sense of quality and craftsmanship that is evident throughout. Yet practicality will also be at the hear..."
"White & Brooks are pleased to welcome to the market this immaculate Victorian three-bedroom semi-detached family home located just a short walk from Chichester City Centre. In brief, the accommodation comprises an entrance hallway and a spacious open-plan living room with a dining room adjace..."
"Offers In Excess Of £500,000 | A spacious and superbly presented three-bedroom family home perfectly positioned in one of the city's most sought-after locations. Positioned within a green and attractive road which is incredibly quiet for somewhere so central. Viewings are highly recommended."
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 to £525,000. An extended 3 bedroom semi detached house situated in this sought after residential road only half a mile from Chichester city centre. On a local regular bus route to city centre and railway station. In catchment area of good local schools Internal accommoda..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN. A fine DETACHED New England style TOWN HOUSE situated on a popular development. Spacious well planned accommodation, PRINCIPAL BEDROOM WITH EN-SUITE, walled rear garden, GARAGE. EPC-C"
"Located within large grounds of just under a quarter of an acre, a rare opportunity to acquire a substantial detached four bedroom bungalow (approx. 1,500 sq ft) with the benefit of off street parking and being within a short distance to the city centre."
"Located within a short walk of Chichester's main shopping precinct, a delightful Grade II listed cottage with 3 bedrooms, 2 cellar rooms and a west facing garden."
Attractive Period Cottage situated within the CITY WALLS a stones' throw from Priory Park. Arranged over three floors in GOOD CONDITION throughout with MODERN FITTED kitchen and COURTYARD GARDEN. Offered CHAIN FREE.
"An attractive Grade II listed terraced cottage offering charm and character throughout, benefitting from a west facing garden, set in the heart of Chichester’s historic city centre. NO FORWARD CHAIN Lounge | Dining room | Kitchen | Two bedrooms | Bathroom | West facing rear garden"
"A well presented four bedroom semi-detached house located on the Goodwood Estate in the village of Westhampnett approximately 1.5 miles to the east of Chichester. The accommodation is arranged over three floors with a light and bright sitting/dining room overlooking the rear garden, cloakroom and..."
"A charming, Grade II Listed terraced cottage in a sought-after location, a short distance from the City centre."
"£24,750 Deposit Top-Up available on this impressive Kentdale home with fully integrated kitchen with appliances. An ideal 4 bedroom home which will appeal to growing families in search of extra space."
A beautifully presented three bedroom house with two allocated parking spaces set in an enviable position with views to parkland to the rear in the Graylingwell Park development to the north of Chichester city centre. The property has lovely high ceilings and very well proportioned space arranged...
"A detached bungalow in this peaceful residential road within half a mile of local shops and about a mile to the south of Chichester city centre. With sealed unit double glazing throughout, the property has a sitting room of over 16 ft in length with sealed unit double glazed door opening onto th..."
A very well appointed top floor apartment located in a central position in Church Square at the end of East Street. A prestigious development built by local builders Seaward Properties. This well-presented apartment offers comfortable accommodation with an attractive southerly aspect ...
"A beautifully restored and improved Grade II period cottage with a south facing garden backing onto the ancient city wall. Charming open plan sitting room/ kitchen, dining room, first floor bathroom, ground floor shower room. Residents' permit on-street parking. EPC-N/A"
"Nestled in the beautiful Indigo Park development, this spacious semi-detached house boasts light and airy accommodation as well as a sizeable rear garden. Downstairs benefits from open-planned social spaces and the second floor has a separate sitting room making this home ideal for families. The ..."
"This beautiful two-bedroom detached cottage is a 5-minute walk from the centre of the historic City of Chichester, as well as being located opposite a huge park and the internationally renowned Chichester Festival Theatre. The large kitchen/dining room is at the heart of the house with French do..."
"A STUNNING family home, boasting an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING room with FRENCH DOORS leading into the garden. A HIGH SPECIFICATION THROUGHOUT, EN-SUITE & DRESSING ROOM to bedroom 1. Find out more..."
Stunning ENERGY EFFICIENT 3 BEDROOM HOME with Open plan kitchen / dining room with FRENCH DOORS to the GARDEN*WE'VE GOT SOME AMAZING OFFERS ON SELECTED HOMES* Downstairs WC * Allocated PARKING spaces
"A super 3 BEDROOM END OF TERRACE HOUSE, close to the city centre and adjacent to the Roman Amphitheatre at the top of Whyke Lane. The city centre lies about 500 yards away with it's comprehensive range of shopping facilities and amenities."
"The Richmond - a DOUBLE FRONTED property set in an enviable position on the edge of Chalkhill View. This 3 BEDROOM home offers a large DUAL-ASPECT LIVING ROOM, master bedroom with EN-SUITE BATHROOM and TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES."
Light-filled open plan Kitchen / Dining with separate Laundry room and rear garden access *WE'VE GOT SOME AMAZING OFFERS ON SELECTED HOMES FIND OUT MORE TODAY!*Spacious lounge with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden * Garage & parking spaces * EN-SUITE and built-in wardrobes to Principal Bedroom
Stunning 3 bedroom energy efficient home *WE'VE GOT SOME AMAZING OFFERS ON SELECTED HOMES*Open plan kitchen / dining room with FRENCH DOORS to the rear GARDEN and separate LAUNDRY room *Allocated PARKING spaces
"Enjoy *THREE STOREY LIVING* with *THE GILDER*, an *ENERGY EFFICIENT CHAIN FREE* home with *2 DOUBLE BEDROOMS & TWO SINGLES* and *EN SUITE* to bedrooms 1 and 2. An *OPEN PLAN* kitchen, dining and family area with *INTEGRATED APPLIANCES AND FRENCH DOORS* and *FIRST FLOOR LIVING* "
White & Brooks are pleased to welcome to the market this immaculately extended three bedroom detached family home situated in a mature residential development just a mile to the south of Chichester. The living accommodation to the ground floor boasts a spacious living room with huge double gl...
"A very well-presented 3 bedroom semi-detached character property, within a stone's throw of central Chichester. The property offers great living space over three storeys. On the ground floor is an open plan sitting/ dining room, leading through to a good sized kitchen with access to the garde..."
"Beautifully finished family home situated in an attractive modern estate in a quiet village location. The house benefits from GARAGE, parking, modern FITTED KITCHEN, ENSUITE and the remainder of it's NHBC WARRANTY."
"Located just a short walk from Chichester city centre, bus and train stations, a beautifully presented terraced cottage which has been updated by the present owners and now provides light, bright accommodation and a delightful well stocked rear garden."
"A bright and spacious first floor retirement apartment with two bedrooms, two bathrooms and private balcony, situated in this highly desirable development in the heart of Chichester. The flat has been decorated and re-carpeted throughout. Entrance hall | Storage cupboards | Sitting/Dini..."
New 2 bedroom houses in Chichester with Shared Ownership. Shares available from 25%
"Immaculately presented three double bedroom DETACHED CHALET STYLE BUNGALOW and set within a PRIVATE CLOSE to the west of Chichester city centre. Close to local shops, schools, pubs and the water at Fishbourne creek. Offered CHAIN FREE."
"This immaculate three-bedroom mid-terrace house is located in 85 acres of parkland at Graylingwell Park in the popular area of Summersdale a mere 15-minute walk into the centre of historic Chichester with its a wide variety of cultural, leisure and shopping facilities. With views over the Grayli..."
A beautifully presented 3 STOREY TOWNHOUSE in a much sought after development to the east of Chichester on the GOODWOOD ESTATE. The property has been SIGNIFICANTLY ENHANCED by the present owners with one example being the superb bespoke cabinets in the study/4th bedroom. There are 3/4 DOUBLE BEDR...
"Located in the beautiful Indigo Park development, this semi-detached house features a contemporary open-plan kitchen, family, and dining room as well as a separate living room - perfect for those who love hosting. Stunning French doors lead out onto the rear garden and the dining room benefits fr..."
"Laid out over three levels, the Calligrapher is a well-balanced 4-bedroom home that features a contemporary open-plan kitchen, family, and dining room, two handy cloakrooms, two en-suite shower rooms, a stylish family bathroom, French doors to the rear garden, and a bay window to the dining room."
"White & Brooks are excited to offer to the market this detached bungalow, set in a popular residential location. The property has the benefit of a wonderful, landscaped rear garden, which is of excellent size.The accommodation comprises an entrance hall, leading to a generous living room meas..."
A well-presented spacious three-bedroom town house in the sought-after location of Somerstown slightly north of the city centre and next to the Festival Theatre and Oaklands Park. The property has been suitably modernised and updated by the current owners over the last couple of years which inclu...
"Spacious link-detached house with large living spaces which are ideal for hosting. The property provides modernised touches throughout making this the perfect purchase for young families. From the sizeable bedrooms to the beautiful conservatory, this home has been carefully looked after by the cu..."
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 to £475,000. A 3 bedroom detached house offering fantastic scope for improvement situated on a large plot less than half a mile from Chichester city centre. The property requires updating and subject to consent it could be significantly extended to provide a spacious family..."
"A skilfully designed and well presented townhouse with a carport, additional parking bay and enclosed south facing garden located on a popular cul-de-sac just to the north of the city centre. "
"A fully modernised three-bedroom semi-detached chalet bungalow with the added benefit of driveway parking for multiple cars situated on the border of Chichester and Fishbourne, within less than a mile of the highly desirable Bishop Luffa School. This home is set over two floors, each room flooded..."
"A SEMI-DETACHED house in a CUL-DE-SAC location close to the heart of the city centre. THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, en-suite, garage and SOUTH FACING GARDEN. EPC-C"
This period semi-detached house has been renovated to a beautiful level throughout and boasts charming features such as the large windows which floor the property with light. The lounge and dining areas are the heart of the home offering a superb hosting space - perfect for gathering in before a ...
"Semi detached chalet style bungalow situated in a quiet and secluded residential close to the south of Chichester. Benefiting from LOFT CONVERSION, REAR EXTENSION and off road parking."
"Positioned towards the bottom of the road, this charming terraced house boasts period charm with thoughtful and beautiful touches throughout. The property benefits from a cosy wood burner which warms the whole home, making it the perfect place to host guests before walking across to the theatre o..."
The 4 bedroom Monkford is designed with families in mind. This home is available with our Deposit Unlock scheme*
Finding it hard to save for a deposit? Get some help with our Deposit Top-Up scheme on this 4 bedroom Monkford home with detached garage and driveway parking
*UNMISSABLE OFFERS ON SELECTED HOMES*Open plan kitchen/dining with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden * Spacious 15ft lounge * Allocated PARKING spaces * Principal bedroom with EN-SUITE shower room * Downstairs WC * Ideal for FIRST TIME BUYERS *
"A double-fronted home, the Midhurst offers balanced design in its exteriors and balanced living spaces in its interiors. The ground floor features two substantial living spaces, each of which run the full length of the home. There's a sizeable, dual aspect living room which is bright..."
*3 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME* AMAZING OFFERS ON SELECTED HOMES*Open plan kitchen/dining with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden * Spacious 15ft lounge * Allocated PARKING spaces * Principal bedroom with EN-SUITE shower room * Downstairs WC * Ideal for FIRST TIME BUYERS
"White and Brooks are delighted to offer to the market this beautiful three bedroom family home situated in the northern periphery of Fishbourne. The front door opens into a spacious hallway, with a ground floor cloakroom and a useful utility room at the opposite end. To the left there..."
A much improved and EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED CHALET BUNGALOW still requiring some minor updating and is well proportioned with a lovely rear garden.
"A superb 3 storey, 3 double bedroom grade 2 listed cottage situated in this tucked away location only quarter of a mile from the city centre. The property has been extensively refurbished and improved by the present owners and offers a wealth of character including exposed briquette flooring to ..."
"This spacious three bedroom semi detached house is situated in a quiet close but within walking distance of the city centre, mainline station and good schools. The property has been extensively improved and refurbished to provide a great family home. Book your viewing online 24/7!"
"A very well-presented, three-bedroom, semi-detached house, with off-street parking and a garage to the front, located in the sought-after location of 'Little Breach', just outside Chichester City Centre and within easy walking distance of Jessie Younghusband primary school and the Festiva..."
"A beautifully presented FOUR-bedroom property set in a quiet popular development in the sought after location of Fishbourne, just One mile to the West of the City of Chichester. With Fishbourne rail station and two local schools in easy walking distance. This well-proportioned family home has rec..."
"A CHAIN FREE beautifully presented, spacious, three double bedroom maisonette, with its own attractive, low maintenance private garden, garage with power and light, as well as off-street parking. The property is located in a quiet sought after residential area, just a short 10-minute walk to the ..."
"This home is a charming, Grade II listed semi-detached house located in a desirable area of North Chichester and has bundles of potential. The property boasts fantastic space downstairs with a useful cloakroom and separate utility room along with superb, free-flowing living spaces. Outside the ho..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this beautifully presented and extended family Home, located in a cul-de-sac of just three houses in the village of Donnington, on the outskirts of Chichester with a variety of amenities on its doorstep including a Convenience Store, a Post Office, a Hairdressers, a..."
"A superb three bedroom first floor apartment set in the highly sought after area of Summersdale, to the north of Chichester."
"Located in a recently finished development, this spacious semi-detached house boasts easy access into Chichester's city centre whilst still being situated in a leafy development with a communal cricket pitch. The property benefits from plenty of storage, a lovely en-suite and a garage with off ro..."
"The Tanner is a unique 3-bedroom home that features an open-plan kitchen and dining area with French doors to the rear garden, a dual-aspect living room with a bay window and a second set of French doors, a well-equipped family bathroom with stylish tiling, plus an en-suite shower room to bedroom 1."
"Offering flexible living over three floors, The Hawthorn accommodates everyone in contemporary comfort. "
"GUIDE PRICE £415,000 to £435,000. A superbly presented 3/4 bedroom semi detached house constructed in 2020 and situated on this popular modern development only 1.5 miles from Chichester city centre. Internal accommodation is well laid with the ground floor offering a 20ft kitchen/family room wi..."
"Beautifully presented FOUR bedroom home which has been recently EXTENDED and REFURBISHED with south facing garden, off road parking and offered CHAIN FREE."
"A recently renovated 3/4 bedroom home offering well-presented and light accommodation, delightful south facing garden and ample driveway parking, set on a popular road just east of Chichester’s historic city centre. Entrance hall | Sitting room | Kitchen/Dining room | Utility room | Stud..."
"Save £12,360*. The Easedale is a traditional double fronted 3 bedroom home with a flexible layout to appeal to both couples and young families."
"GREAT RENTAL OPPORTUNITY! Currently a licenced HMO. A well-presented, chain-free, three/four-bedroom, semi-detached house located in the highly sought-after location of Cambrai Avenue close to Chichester City Centre. The property is arranged over two floors, with a bay-fronted sitting room, dinin..."
"An extended 3 bedroom house situated less than 1km from Chichester city centre. The property is very well presented and accommodation includes a 16ft lounge, separate dining area, kitchen, downstairs shower room, 3 bedrooms and a bathroom. Externally there is off road parking to the front for 4..."
We are excited to offer to the market this charming grade II listed cottage located within walking distance of Chichester City Centre. The property is situated on a corner plot as well as being set in a quiet location and has the potential to improve. The ground floor accommodation comprises a sp...
A 3 double bedroom semi detached bungalow situated in this popular residential no through road offering easy access to both the A27 also less than 1 mile from Chichester city centre. Internal accommodation is well laid out and offers further scope for improvement. On the ground floor there is a ...
"A superb 4/5-bedroom end-terrace house offering immaculately presented living accommodation with ample off-street parking just minutes away from the Goodwood Estate, Rolls Royce, University and the beautiful Roman market town centre of Chichester. As you walk in through the front door, besides..."
"A beautifully presented THREE BDEROOM PERIOD COTTAGE conveniently situated about 1/2 MILE FORM THE CITY CENTRE SHOPS. Open plan sitting/dining room with FEATURE OPEN FIREPLACE, classic SHAKER style kitchen. Enclosed SOUTH WEST rear garden. EPC-E"
A Three-bedroom Grade II listed end of terrace house situated in the sought-after location of Parchment Street slightly to the north west of the city centre. This pretty cottage has accommodation arranged over two stories with two reception rooms and a kitchen on the ground floor and three bedroo...
A modern and well presented property in a townhouse design (approx. 1187 sq ft) featuring four double bedrooms. No onward chain. The flexible accommodation is complimented by an enclosed rear garden and an attached garage with parking.
"The Redpath is a contemporary 1-bedroom apartment that features a spacious bedroom, excellent storage capacity, and a well-equipped bathroom. The open-plan kitchen, living, and dining area is perfectly designed for socialising and relaxing, plus benefits from an adjacent balcony."
"An extended 3 bedroom semi detached house with self contained 1 bedroom annexe situated in this tucked away location less than 1 mile from both the train station and city centre. Internal accommodation offers a 14ft 3 lounge, separate dining room, re-fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, 3 ..."
"A modern and deceptively spacious FOUR bedroom family home, just slightly to the east of Chichester city centre. COMPLETED IN 2021 this superb house still benefits from the remainder of the NHBC warranty and is presented in lovely condition throughout. The property has very well laid out accommod..."
"A bright, spacious, and well presented 3 bedroom terraced house with garage and parking, forming part of a charming private estate about 1 ½ miles to the northeast of Chichester city centre and close to the glorious Goodwood Estate."
"A period semi detached cottage of great character, complimented by a large mature rear garden, standing within walking distance of the city centre. Entrance hall | Through lounge/dining room | Kitchen | Bath and shower room | Three bedrooms | Gas central heating | Double glazing "
"Reserve this home & receive £10,000 for you to 'Spend It Your Way'* & Enhanced specification^!'SPEND IT YOUR WAY' Whatever your reason for buying a new home, when it comes to the purchase everyone's position is unique. Our SPEND IT YOUR WAY offer is designed to suit yo..."
"A central attraction of the Eveleigh is the large living room. Providing a view of the garden through a window and a set of French doors, the home provides seamless integration between internal and external living spaces. There's also a great kitchen / dining room, a popular element ..."
"The Chester features sociable living spaces, generously-sized bedrooms and a luxurious bedroom suite, tucked away in the sanctuary of the top floor.
The combined kitchen/dining room is a sociable space in which to entertain and the lovely bright living room provides access into the ga..."
"A very well presented 3 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOUSE on the popular Arundel Park development which lies on the periphery of the city to the south east. The house has been SIGNIFICANTLY IMPROVED by the current owner to include a gas fired boiler in 2014, triple glazed windows, new kitchen, log bu..."
"An immaculately presented end of terrace five-bedroom house, which has been extended to offer flexible accommodation, ideal for a family. Located adjacent to woodland in the popular village of Fishbourne, just 5 minutes from historic Chichester, this modern property is arranged over three floors..."
A most attractive and characterful Grade II listed period cottage located on a sought after road within an easy walk of Chichester's historic city centre and famous Festival Theatre.
"A lovely light and bright three bedroom semi-detached cottage located within easy walking distance of the city centre. The property offers flexible accommodation arranged over two storeys. On the ground floor there is a study/bedroom to the front with separate shower room, a fitted kitchen/dining..."
"A three bedroom, chain free, mid-terraced house on a popular and quiet residential road close to Chichester city centre. The property offers spacious accommodation arranged over two floors and has 100' garden."
"Situated on the eastern side of the city within easy walking distance of Portfield Retail Park, M&S Food Hall and Sainsburys, a pretty brick and flint 3-bedroom semi-detached house with a good-sized south-west facing rear garden. "
"This property is a spacious semi-detached house located in the Indigo Park estate. Featuring an open-plan kitchen/diner with elegant French doors leading to the rear garden as well as a separate front-facing living room with the addition of a bay window, this home has plenty of space for a growin..."
A very well presented MODERN TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM HOUSE situated on an EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT just to the northern side of the city and being within walking distance of the City Centre. The house has private parking and is offered for sale with vacant possession.
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £376,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £570,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £376,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £570,000"
"A delightful two bedroom ground floor apartment located in the much favoured Bernardsgate development in Summersdale. Summersdale's post office stores, doctor's surgery and bus transport are all within short walking distance whilst the city centre along with its shopping precincts offers..."
The Thespian is the perfect *ENERGY EFFICIENT CHAIN FREE* 3-bedroom home that features *2 DOUBLE BEDROOMS & ONE SINGLE* with an *EN SUITE* to bedroom 1. This home comes with an open-plan kitchen and dining area which feature *FRENCH DOORS*. Along with a *SEPERATE LIVING ROOM* with *BAY WINDOW*.
"Save £12,000 with our mortgage contribution scheme on this 3 bedroom Gosford home which is traditional on the outside, stylish and modern on the inside"
"This gorgeous semi-detached house sits in the stunning Indigo Park development and boasts spacious accommodation and ample storage throughout. This modern family home offers owners a spacious, open-plan kitchen/dining room, plus a sizeable living room - ideal for entertaining and relaxing. Situat..."
"AN IMMACULATELY PRESENTED and Chain free! THREE BEDROOM, family home, located in a quiet location but still within walking distance of Chichester city centre. COMPLETED IN 2021 this superb house still benefits from the remainder of the NHBC warranty and is presented in “As new” condition. The pro..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £425,000** Features Spacious terraced town house close to Chichester city centre 3 bedrooms Ground floor bedroom with door to sunny rear garden 1st floor lounge Fitted kitchen and dining room Gas central heating Windows and external doors ..."
"Save £11,250 on this 3 bedroom home with our Key Worker* scheme making the Gosford a perfect choice for first time buyers or a young family."
"Located on the western edge of Fishbourne Village this DETACHED two double bedroom BUNGALOW is situated in a QUIET RESIDENTIAL CUL-DE-SAC, enjoying fine westerly views to the rear over open farm land."
"CHAIN FREE and LARGE GARAGE PARKING TO THE REAR. A well-presented, two-bedroom end of terrace house located in the highly sought-after location of Cambrai Avenue close to Chichester City Centre. The property is arranged over two floors, with a bay-fronted sitting room, dining room, kitchen and co..."
"AN IMMACULATELY PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE just slightly to the east of Chichester city centre, COMPLETED IN 2020 this superb house still benefits from the remainder of the NHBC warranty and is presented in immaculate condition. The property has very well laid out accommodation s..."
"The Chandler is a stunning *ENERGY EFFICIENT CHAIN FREE* home with *3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS & ONE SINGLE*, an *EN SUITE* to bedroom 1 and a *MODERN FAMILY BATHROOM* with *ROCA SANITARYWARE*, an *OPEN PLAN* kitchen and dining area with *INTEGRATED APPLIANCES*, and a separate living room with a *BAY WINDOW*"
"White & Brooks are pleased to welcome this recently modernised mid-terraced property to the market, situated in a popular residential location and within walking distance of Chichester City Centre. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance porch, hallway, and a downstairs cloakroom. The..."
Welcoming to the market this well-presented and spacious three-bedroom semi-detached family home benefits from two garages and is being offered with no forward chain. Ideally situated in a modern development and is within walking distance of Chichester City Centre. The accommodation comprises a h...
"NO ONWARD CHAIN. A newly refurbished TERRACED HOUSE in a small private cul-de-sac about 1 mile west of the city centre. OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/living room, cloakroom, FOUR BEDROOMS, en suite, bathroom, TWO PARKING SPACES. EPC-C"
"White and Brooks are pleased to offer for sale this three-bedroom end-of-terrace family home, situated within walking distance of Chichester city centre. Extensively refurbished, this deceptively large property offers three double bedrooms, with the stunning primary taking up the whole second fl..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN. A newly refurbished TERRACED HOUSE in a small private cul-de-sac about 1 mile west of the city centre. OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/living room, cloakroom, THREE BEDROOMS, en suite, bathroom, TWO PARKING SPACES. EPC-C"
"White & Brooks are delighted to offer to the market this traditional three-bedroom semi-detached house, located within walking distance of the centre of historic Chichester. The property is Sussex flint fronted, with the hallway leading onto a spacious living/dining room, complete with a bay..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £363,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £550,000"
"£8,000 Energy Bills contribution available on this 3 bedrooms Gosford home, perfect for anyone looking for a little extra space and this home boasts a west facing garden"
"A superbly presented and recently redecorated GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT in the sought after Roman Quarter development, located in the HEART OF THE CITY, within the ancient Roman Walls. The property has a bright southerly aspect with a LARGE OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/SITTING/DINING ROOM with a door onto a PR..."
"READY TO MOVE INTO ! SHOW APARTMENT AVAILABLE TO VIEW - CALL TO BOOK YOUR PERSONAL APPOINTMENT. Reserve over the Easter Weekend (7th-10th April) and RECEIVE CURTAINS & BLINDS PACKAGE worth £2,500 from Applemoon Interiors (subject to T&Cs). The Gables, Fis..."
Stylish 2 BEDROOM ENERGY EFFICIENT HOME * AMAZING MOVE-MAKING OFFERS AVAILABLE* Open plan kitchen/dining with FRENCH DOORS to rear garden * EN-SUITE to principal bedroom * Built in storage to landing * Downstairs WC and laundry area * Allocated PARKING *
A THREE BED SEMI-DETACHED property conveniently located near to the HOSPITAL and UNIVERSITY. The property benefits from a GARAGE and OFF ROAD PARKING and is being sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN.
"King & Chasemore present to the market a very well-situated two bedroom terraced cottage located within a sought-after area of Chichester's City Centre. The perfect purchase for investors, renovators, first time buyers and person's looking to downsize. On the ground floor there ar..."
"Offering flexible living over three floors, The Elder accommodates everyone in contemporary comfort. A spacious sitting room with French doors leading to rear garden, stunning bedroom 1 with fitted wardrobe and en-suite. Don't miss out! "
"**NO ONWARDS CHAIN** King & Chasemore are delighted to present to the market a very well-situated Three Bedroom Semi-Detached House located on the doorstep of Chichester’s City Centre, popular theatres and parks. The FAMILY HOME is set over two floors and has been modernised ..."
"White & Brooks are delighted to bring to the market this well presented 3 bedroom semi detached home within easy reach of the city centre, retail parks, St Richard's Hospital and the University. The accommodation briefly comprises, to the ground Floor, a good sized living room, kit..."
A charming GRADE II LISTED MEWS COTTAGE forming part of an EXCLUSIVE COMMUNITY comprises just eight cottages. TWO BEDROOMS. Exclusively for buyers of 60 years and over. Beautifully maintained communal courtyard garden. Parking. CONVENIENT FOR CITY CENTRE.
"NO ONWARD CHAIN. Close to the CITY CENTRE, a TERRACED HOUSE requiring COMPLETE MODERNISATION. Two/three bedrooms, enclosed rear garden. EPC-F"
"*The Tailor* is a modern, energy efficient and chain free family home that features an en suite to bedroom 1, French doors to the rear garden, an open-plan kitchen and dining area, plus a spacious front-facing living room - ideal for entertaining and relaxing. *10 YEARS NHBC WARRANTY* *BRAND NEW*"
A well presented semi-detached two bedroom/two reception room bungalow located in a highly regarded cul-de-sac setting and is being offered with no forward chain. The well-presented living accommodation is accessed via a spacious entrance hall which leads to all rooms. The spacious living room wi...
A well-presented spacious three/four bedroom maisonette located just to the north of Chichester centre within the City Walls. The property has been suitably updated by the current owners over the last couple of years which includes a newly fitted kitchen and a modernised shower room. The accommo...
"A superb, brand new ground floor flat in a purpose built block, barely 1.5 miles walk from the city cross in Chichester. Constructed by Seaward Homes, the property is now ready for occupation and is being sold with carpets and an integrated Symphony kitchen with appliances including a gas hob, e..."
"RESERVE OVER THE EASTER WEEKEND (7th-10th April 2023) AND RECEIVE £2,500 TOWARDS CURTAINS & BLINDS from Applemoon Interiors (subject to Terms & Conditions). NOW READY TO MOVE INTO ! SHOW APARTMENT AVAILABLE TO VIEW - CALL TO BOOK YOUR PERSONAL APPOINTMENT...."
"Stylish terraced house within walking distance of city centre with 2 beds, open plan kitchen/living room, courtyard garden and carport."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £337,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £510,000"
Come and explore this energy efficient 2 bedroom home with open plan living / dining room* FANTASTIC OFFERS TO HELP YOU MOVE*Contemporary styled fitted kitchen * Downstairs WC * Allocated PARKING spaces * EN-SUITE shower room to principal bedroom * Built-in STORAGE cupboard
"A charming two bedroom character end of terrace, conveniently located along the North city wall of Chichester. "
"Buyers Fees apply - see brochure for details. Situated in a popular location, just outside of Chichester, this semi-detached chalet bungalow has everything needed to be a great place to call home. With fantastic sized bedrooms and living spaces as well as an integral garage and additional parking..."
**IDEAL INVESTMENT/FIRST TIME PURCHASE** | Two Bedroom End of Terrace House | Living Room | Kitchen/Dining Room | Brick Built Conservatory | W.C./Utility Room | Bathroom | Corner Plot | Potential to Extend (STPC) | Garage
A 2 double bedroom end of terrace house situated in this tucked away cul de sac position only 1 mile from the University and hospital and 1.5 miles from the city centre. The property has been extensively improved by the present owners and internal accommodation includes an enclosed entrance lobb...
"A very pretty two bedroom end of terrace house, with the added benefit of a usable loft room, located within striking distance of Chichester city centre and the train station. The property has accommodation full of charm arranged over three stories with a sitting room, dining room, fitted kitchen..."
Buyers Fees apply - see brochure for details. This delightful ground floor apartment with allocated parking is part of the highly sought after William Cawley Mews development. Inside offers light and airy rooms including a sizeable lounge and a separate study. The property is only a short walk fr...
"Set in a sought after, quiet residential location and under a mile from Chichester City Centre, is this recently refurbished ground floor apartment. As you walk through the front door of this home you will be taken back by both, the condition and size. With a living area of over 720 sq..."
"RESERVE OVER THE EASTER WEEKEND (7th-10th April 2023) AND RECEIVE £2,500 TOWARDS CURTAINS & BLINDS from Applemoon Interiors (subject to Terms & Conditions). The Gables, Fishbourne by Seaward Homes. An exclusive development of just 6 apartments. Plot 5 a 2 bedroom apartmen..."
"A superb, brand new second floor flat in a purpose built block, barely 1.5 miles walk from the city cross in Chichester. Constructed by Seaward Homes, the property is now ready for occupation and is being sold with carpets and an integrated Symphony kitchen with appliances including a gas hob, e..."
"EMPTY & CHAIN FREE!! An immaculate two-bedroom second floor apartment with parking situated in the sought after St Agnes Place development, built in 2003 by Berkeley Homes and within easy striking distance of Chichester city centre. The property has particularly well-proportioned accommodatio..."
***NO FORWARD CHAIN*** King & Chasemore are delighted to present to the market a very well-situated Two Bedroom End Terraced House. Within very close proximity to Chichester's City Centre the property lies within a gated community. This modern property is set over two floors and c...
"Chain free! This ground floor apartment situated on the desirable Graylingwell development boasts a gorgeous, open planned living area as well as 2 allocated parking spaces. Featuring high ceilings and stunning windows which floor the property with light, this home would make an excellent lock up..."
"White & Brooks are pleased to welcome to the market this beautiful one bedroom retirement apartment situated in a central location, close to all the essential amenities and public transport. The development is within easy reach of the local shops, supermarkets and tourist attractions, so you ..."
"Chain Free! Tucked away in a peaceful cul-de-sac, this sizeable terraced house would suit a number of buyers. With ample storage and a spacious kitchen/diner, this home is perfect for families - especially as it also benefits from a sunny, easy to maintain rear garden. The property boasts light a..."
"A mid-terrace two-bedroom house, situated in Donnington, just south of the A27 and the centre of historic Chichester. A large porch leads into the hall and into a stylish modern kitchen. The open plan living/dining room has ample space for relaxing and entertaining and benefits from patio doors..."
"A vacant period 2 bedroom end terraced house requiring refurbishment, located in a popular residential area within walking distance of local amenities and city centre. Ideal for owner occupation or letting investment at approximately £1400 PCM."
"Modern two double bedroom house set in a popular development on the GOODWOOD ESTATE. Benefiting from EN SUITE, parking, modern fitted kitchen and paved garden the house is offered in excellent order throughout."
"Set in a quiet location, within easy reach of Chichester City centre and walks along the South Downs National park, leaders are delighted to market this delightful Three bedroom home. The property is set over three floors and benefits from a modern double glazed entrance porch leading into t..."
"A well-proportioned two bedroom bungalow with a south facing rear aspect and garden, located close to local amenities within the popular Parklands area of Chichester. Entrance hall | Kitchen | Sitting/dining room | 2 bedrooms | Bathroom South facing garden | On road parking"
"A three bedroom mid-terraced house with investment opportunity located within striking distance of the City Centre, train station and Chichester Canal. The property has spacious accommodation with a entrance hall to the front, separate sitting room and dining room, kitchen, conservatory leading o..."
"** NO FORWARD CHAIN ** This 3 Bedroom link detached Bungalow offers appx 850sqft of accommodation and is located in the popular village of Fishbourne. Situated in a cul-de-sac, the property is within easy reach of Chichester City Centre and all its amenities. The bungalow is deceptive a..."
" White and Brooks are pleased to offer for sale this purpose-built ground-floor apartment situated in a very popular development in leafy Summersdale, close to the centre of historic Chichester. The accommodation comprises two double bedrooms, the primary with an ensuite, a fam..."
"GUIDE PRICE £300,000 to £325,000. A 4 bedroom house currently let to students (tenancy ends summer 2023) conveniently situated only half a mile from the university and 1 mile from the city centre. Internal accommodation offers an entrance lobby, 14ft 7 lounge, 11ft 4 downstairs bedroom, 11ft 3 ..."
"A modern and beautifully presented ground floor apartment with two bedrooms and allocated parking, set in the attractive and contemporary Roussillon Park development, just north of Chichester vibrant city centre. Open plan kitchen / Sitting room | Inner hall | Bedroom one | Bedroom two |..."
"Introducing the ALDER, a 2 bedroom semi-detached home with 2 PARKING SPACES & a PRIVATE GARDEN. Ideal for FIRST TIME BUYERS. available for an early 2023 move. Find out more..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £297,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £450,000"
"CHAIN FREE! A beautifully presented and deceptively spacious two-bedroom first floor apartment, located in the village of Westhampnett approximately 1.5 miles to the east of Chichester and is in easy walking distance of the local primary school and shops. The property sits in a small cul-de-sac a..."
"White & Brooks are pleased to offer this two-bedroom ground floor apartment in a quiet secluded setting within a short walk of Chichester City Centre and with no forward chain. In brief, the accommodation comprises a covered porch, light and airy entrance hallway, spacious living-dining room,..."
"***INVESTORS ONLY*** FABULOUS NEWLY CONVERTED TOP FLOOR APARTMENT WITH VAST ACCOPMMODATION....the apartment has been very well fitted with stylish units, and the OPEN PLAN KITCHEN is a real feature. Early viewing is essential to fully appreciate the SPACE and STYLE of this super flat."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £294,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £445,000"
"Well-presented 3 bedroom flat located in Chichester, West Sussex. ** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** SHARE OF FREEHOLD ** Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hall Bright and spacious living room Well-appointed kitchen/diner with base and wall units Generously s..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £281,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £425,000"
"A very pretty grade II listed two-bedroom cottage, located just slightly to the north of the city centre in Parchment Street which is a stone's throw from the city centre. The property is in need of modernisation, and we believe the property to be un-mortgageable, so we invite CASH BUYERS ONL..."
A light 2 bedroom mid-terraced house with a low maintenance south facing garden and a garage. *** NO ONWARD CHAIN *** Entrance hall | Kitchen | Reception room | Downstairs WC | 2 Bedrooms | Bathroom | South-facing garden | G...
We are excited to offer to the market this charming grade II listed cottage located within walking distance of Chichester City Centre. The property is need of full modernisation throughout and is being offered for sale to cash buyers only. The accommodation on the first floor comprises a double b...
"A beautifully presented CHAIN FREE two bedroom end terraced house located just under 1 mile from Chichester City Centre. The property offers light and well-proportioned accommodation comprising a fitted kitchen, generous sitting/dining room leading to the double glazed conservatory on the ground ..."
"A beautiful CONTEMPORARY FIRST FLOOR 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT located at the southern end of the city centre in a development by St Cross Homes Limited in 2020. Superbly presented, the property has lovely kitchens with high quality units incorporating handle less soft close doors and drawers and pelme..."
"A beautiful CONTEMPORARY FIRST FLOOR 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT located at the southern end of the city centre in a modern DEVELOPMENT by St Cross Homes Limited. Superbly presented, the property is an ideal investment or first time purchase."
"The Gainsborough is a 2-bedroom apartment that features a dual-aspect, open-plan kitchen, living, and dining room - which benefits from an adjacent balcony - and a modern bathroom, equipped with Mira and Roca sanitaryware. The fitted kitchen boasts a selection of integrated Zanussi appliances. "
"The Rossetti is a spacious 2-bedroom apartment that features a modern bathroom, outdoor balcony space, and an open-plan kitchen, living, and dining room. The kitchen benefits from stylish fitted units, plus a selection of integrated Zanussi appliances. "
"The Holbein is a modern 2-bedroom apartment that features a contemporary bathroom - which benefits from a towel warmer - a balcony, and a spacious open-plan kitchen, living, and dining room. The kitchen comes complete with a selection of integrated Zanussi appliances."
A two bedroom split level apartment set in the sought-after location of Lyndhurst Road just outside Chichester city centre. The property has a private entrance and benefits from parking for two cars and its own courtyard garden. The accommodation is arranged over two floors. On the first floor...
"The Murphy is a modern 2-bedroom apartment that features an open-plan kitchen, living, and dining room - which benefits from an adjacent outdoor patio space - and a stylish bathroom, complete with Roca and Mira sanitaryware, wall tiling, a towel warmer, and Bristan chrome-finish brassware."
"An attractive one bedroom, brick and flint period cottage with a large west facing rear garden and potential to extend (STPP), set on a popular road close to Chichester’s historic city centre. NO FORWARD CHIAN Lounge | Kitchen | Conservatory | Bedroom | Bathroom | Gas central h..."
A two bedroom mid terraced house situated on a popular development about one mile from the city centre. An ideal first home of buy to let investment the property. double glazed conservatory overlooking south facing rear garden. no onward chain. EPC-D
***NO ONWARDS CHAIN*** King and Chasemore are delighted to welcome to the market a delightful upper floor TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT which is located at the foot of the South Downs and on the edge of the Goodwood Estate and set within 85 acres of glorious Parkland. Converted to Luxury Apar...
"**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** A particularly stylish and contemporary apartment, converted from a period Victorian building, sold with tenants in situ paying £1,175 pcm with the tenancy running until August 2023. Bright open plan living/dining kitchen | Utility cupboard | Two double bedroom..."
"A spacious, ground floor apartment located in the beautiful Indigo Park development. This property features a dual-aspect kitchen/living/dining area with integrated appliances and a contemporary bathroom. For those who enjoy outdoor living, the home boasts an adjacent patio - perfect for relaxing..."
"King & Chasemore are delighted to present to the market a delightful one bedroom apartment located on the doorstep of Chichester's city centre. This ground floor apartment is marketed with no onward chain and is an ideal purchase for first time buyers, investors and people looking to downsize..."
"A delightful one-bedroom garden flat situated in a much sought-after City centre location within walking distance of lots of fabulous shops, amenities, bars and restaurants. This is the ideal home or investment property with a share of freehold."
"Forming part of a modern purpose-built development, a spacious and well-presented 2 bedroom ground floor garden flat with conservatory, designated parking and private, courtyard garden, situated only about 1 mile to the west of Chichester city centre."
A spacious ground floor apartment forming part of a modern purpose-built development a short walk to the west of the city centre with open plan living room/kitchen with double doors opening onto a small terrace and southerly aspect communal garden.
"Vacant and chain free! A spacious, second floor apartment only a short walk from Chichester's city centre. The property benefits from residents' parking and a garage plus a private balcony, all set in pleasant communal gardens. With a secure phone entry system, and excellent public transport link..."
Buyers Fees apply - see brochure for details. OPEN HOUSE THIS SATURDAY (1ST APRIL) - by appointment only. Looking for a home you can put your own stamp on? This sizeable semi-detached house has not been to the housing market before and has bundles of potential to extend and develop (subject to co...
"A superb first floor, west facing, two bedroom retirement apartment in the city centre. It has been improved further with a new kitchen and bathroom in 2021. For sale with no forward chain. The apartment is part of a small and select development and incredibly convenient for the mainline railway ..."
Churchill Sales & Lettings are delighted to be marketing this lovely two bedroom first floor apartment overlooking the communal garden. The property offers deceptively spacious accommodation throughout and is presented in fantastic order. The Lounge offers ample space for living and din...
"MODERN FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT, 999 year lease, BUILT 2021 WITH REMAINDER OF 10 YEAR NHBC WARRANTY, striking distance of the city, OPEN PLAN LOUNGE DINER, light and spacious, BALCONY, cycle store, ALLOCATED PARKING, communal grounds, GREAT FIRST PROPERTY/LOCK UP AND LEAVE, viewing essential."
"An opportunity to acquire a spacious dual aspect, two bedroom retirement apartment, in this popular assisted living development. Large entrance hall | Two storage cupboards | Lounge with Juliet balcony | Kitchen | Two double bedrooms | Bath and shower room | Night storage heating | Dou..."
"An excellent westerly facing, second floor retirement apartment (served by a lift) in this McCarthy and Stone assisted living development. Entrance hall | Lounge/dining room | Kitchen | Two bedrooms | Bathroom and shower room | Night storage heating | Double glazing House Manage..."
"An excellent northerly facing, first floor retirement apartment overlooking communal gardens in this McCarthy and Stone assisted living development. Good size entrance hall | Sitting/ dining room | Kitchen | Two bedrooms | Bathroom and shower room | Night storage heating | Double glazin..."
"Offered with VACANT POSSESSION, a well presented purpose built, 2 bedroom, ground floor apartment within walking distance of the city centre."
"A modern and contemporary, westerly facing two bedroom retirement apartment, which has been completely refurbished throughout to a very high standard, standing in this convenient position within walking distance of Chichester City centre. Entrance hall | Linen/Utility cupboard | Sitting..."
"OIEO £230,000 | A rare opportunity to acquire a superb purpose built apartment with two double bedrooms and one bathroom situated in the extremely popular Church Square of Chichester City Centre moments from Chichester's mainline railway station."
"Chain free! Set in charming grounds just outside the historic city walls, this first floor apartment has sizeable rooms including a fantastic lounge/dining room. With allocated parking, plus spaces available for visitors, this property is ideal for investors looking to add to their portfolio. At ..."
"*** END OF CHAIN*** King & Chasemore are delighted to market a very well-situated upper floor apartment located on the doorstep of Chichester's city centre. The top floor apartment is marketed with no onwards chain and is an ideal purchase for first time buyers, investor's and persons looking..."
" White & Brooks are delighted to offer to the market this stylish one-bedroom second-floor apartment, located in the heart of historic Chichester. Converted to a very high specification five years ago, this property offers the best of city centre living. The entrance hall, compl..."
"The Pesellino is a modern 1-bedroom apartment that features a spacious open-plan kitchen, living, and dining room, integrated kitchen appliances, a contemporary bathroom, and generous storage space. The light-filled living area benefits from an adjacent patio."
"CHAIN FREE. A bright and airy RETIREMENT APARTMENT overlooking COMMUNAL GARDENS. New carpets and decoration, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, communal facilities including parking, residents' lounge, laundry room and attractive gardens. Guest suite and manager. EPC-C"
Churchill Sales & Lettings are delighted to be marketing this lovely two bedroom second floor apartment overlooking the communal garden. The property offers deceptively spacious accommodation throughout and is presented in good order. The Lounge offers ample space for living and dining ...
A fantastic FIRST FLOOR apartment situated on the outskirts of CHICHESTER on a MODERN DEVELOPMENT. The property benefits from ALLOCATED PARKING and communal BIKE STORE.
Wonderful 3 bedroom semi-detached house in the Madgwick Park development. The price advertised represents purchasing a 50% share of the home
"Well presented ground floor apartment, situated in this convenient location on the outskirts of Chichester. The accommodation briefly comprises, entrance hall, spacious living/dining room, which is open plan to the kitchen. There is also a double bedroom and separate bathroom. The apartment furth..."
A spacious top floor flat (approached via a lift) forming part of a period building in the centre of Chichester overlooking Southgate. Spacious entrance hall | Open plan living/dining room with kitchen | Two double bedrooms | En-suite shower | Main bathroom | Electric heating | Bike s...
"A spacious FIRST FLOOR 2 DOUBLE BEDROOM PURPOSE BUILT FLAT, close to St Richards Hospital, on the north eastern side of the city. The property does REQUIRE REFURBISHMENT however enjoys the benefit of it's OWN PRIVATE GARDEN and storage shed."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £205,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £310,000"
"Chain free, first floor retirement flat in the heart of the city centre. Located in an age restricted (over 55s) development, this property offers elevator assistance to all floors along with a site manager to aid residents. Easy access to local shops and restaurants make this home ideally locate..."
"Chain free! The ground floor flat has a tenant in situ and offers a fantastic investment opportunity for those looking to add to their portfolio. The property provides a good yield and has excellent public transport links. With easy access into the city centre as well as the hospital nearby, the ..."
King and Chasemore are delighted to present a recently renovated one bedroom apartment at St. Richards Lodge. The retirement accommodation is located on the ground floor and accessed via the communal. There is a generously sized living/dining area with plenty of space for home furnish...
"This immaculate one-bedroom first floor flat is located in a quiet residential lane just East of the centre of Chichester, with easy access to both the city as well as the A27. The purpose-built property is neutrally decorated with double glazing throughout and gas fired central heating. You en..."
"A bright southerly facing ground floor retirement apartment in this popular development just off Westgate, within walking distance of all the city centre facilities. Entrance hall | Sitting room | Kitchen | Bedroom | Shower room | Private patio | Night storage heating | Double glazing"
A spacious second floor retirement apartment close to the centre of Chichester. Conveniently located near the lift. Entrance hall | Spacious sitting room | Kitchen | Shower room | Two double bedrooms | Night storage heating | Double/triple glazing Laundry room | Residents loun...
"A beautifully proportioned first floor flat, served by a lift with a South-Westerly aspect out to the stunning communal gardens. This popular retirement development is just a short walk from the Chichester Festival Theatre, Cathedral and the many attractions of the City centre. Good siz..."
"A charming and elegant, ground floor apartment with a private courtyard in addition to a communal garden, quietly located just to the north of Chichester’s historic city centre. EPC- tbc. NO FORWARD CHAIN Entrance hall | Sitting room | Kitchen | Bedroom | Bathroom | Private sout..."
"A light, bright city centre apartment within a few minutes walk of the main shopping precinct."
"A bright, spacious and larger than average top floor retirement apartment which has been decorated throughout, situated in this desirable development just a short distance from Chichester City centre. Large entrance hall | Lounge | Kitchen | Bedroom | Bath & shower room | Electric heat..."
"White and Brooks are delighted to offer to the market this one bedroom ground floor flat situated within the heart of Chichester and is being offered with no forward chain. In brief, the layout provides an entrance hallway, kitchen with built in appliances, a living room, bathroom and a good size..."
PURPOSE BUILT APARTMENT on the cusp of Chichester city centre within easy walking distance of shops and the station. Offered chain free.
"Forming part of a beautiful detached former Rectory in a tucked away location within walking distance of the city centre, a light, bright apartment with the benefit of private enclosed garden being sold with no onward chain."
A superb ground floor retirement flat (over 55's) situated within the city walls in the heart of Chichester centre with numerous facilities and shops immediately accessible. The property has been cleverly altered by removing an internal wall from bedroom 2 to create a light and bright feature l...
"Located in a convenient position for Chichester city centre, 19 Caernarvon Road is a well-presented first floor apartment located in a popular residential area. The apartment benefits from a recently modernised kitchen and bathroom, L-shaped sitting/dining room and a bedroom. "
A well appointed ground floor retirement flat with the advantage of french windows opening onto a patio with communal gardens beyond. The Maltings is a popular retirement development close to Westgate and a short distance from the city centre with all of its facilities. Entrance hall | ...
Wonderful 2 bedroom semi-detached house in the Madgwick Park development. The price advertised represents purchasing a 50% share of the home
"GUIDE PRICE £170,000 to £180,000. A purpose built first floor flat situated next to St Richards hospital and only half a mile from the city centre. Internal accommodation offers a 13ft 3 lounge, kitchen, double bedroom and shower room. Externally there is residents parking & a brick built stor..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £165,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £250,000"
"White & Brooks are delighted to offer to the market this one-bedroom first floor flat, centrally located in the historic city of Chichester. The hallway leads onto a spacious living room with a large window and featuring a stylish American style kitchen. The double bedroom benefits from ..."
A first floor retirement flat (served by a lift) overlooking the beautifully kept communal gardens in the popular development of Byron Court. Entrance hall | Sitting room | Kitchen | Bedroom | Wet room | Night storage heating |Double glazing House Manager | Table service restau...
"A bright and well presented, second floor retirement apartment in this popular development just a short distance from the city centre. Entrance hall | Sitting room | Kitchen | Bedroom | Bath and shower room | Night storage heating | Double glazing House Manager | Table service r..."
"Located in a popular area to the east of the city centre, this two bedroom first floor apartment offers a surprising amount of accommodation, which briefly comprises the entrance hallway with storage cupboards, a generous sitting room, open to a separate dining area, a fully fitted kitchen, mode..."
"Investment Opportunity - a two bedroom upper floor apartment within striking distance of Chichester City Centre. The property has neutrally decorated accommodation comprising two bedrooms, bathroom with a shower over the bath, sitting room and an a separate dining space and a fitted kitchen. Outs..."
"A well presented and spacious top floor retirement flat in this popular assisted living development, with windows overlooking the communal gardens. Entrance hall | Storage cupboards | Lounge/dining room | Kitchen | Bedroom | Bath and shower room House Manager | Table service re..."
"An attractive and very well situated south easterly facing second floor retirement apartment, in this popular assisted living development of Byron Court. Entrance hall with large storage cupboard | L shaped sitting/dining room | Kitchen | Bedroom | Wet room | Night storage heating | Doub..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £152,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £230,000"
"£150,000 is for a 50% share purchase, the full property price is £300,000. The minimum CASH DEPOSIT you will need is £60,000. Turn any freehold property into part buy –part rent with Leaders Estate Agents and ‘Your Home’. You simply need 20% cash deposit o..."
"GUIDE PRICE £150,000 to £160,000. A first floor one bedroom retirement flat (over 60 years of age) situated in this popular development within Chichester city centre enjoying delightful views over the communal gardens. The apartment underwent considerable refurbishment 2 years ago and is offere..."
"A well-presented terraced house close to the Goodwood Estate, this property has an excellent sized rear garden and is shared ownership (advertised price represents a 40% share). Offering spacious accommodation throughout plus ample storage, this property would make an ideal first home. This terra..."
An opportunity to purchase a one bedroom top floor apartment in need of refurbishment. Situated within the popular location of Chichester and located within close access of the A27. This property is also offered with no forward chain.
"FREE SITE FEES FOR 2023! Surrounded by eleven lakes, Lakeside Holiday Park is set within close proximity of Chichester City Centre, this quiet site is open for 11.5 months a year. As an owner, you would become an exclusive member of the owners club which allows exclusive use of the outdoor s..."
"A first floor, westerly facing retirement apartment, situated in this popular assisted living development in Chichester. Entrance hall | Lounge | Kitchen | Bedroom | Bath and shower room | Night storage heating | Double glazing House Manager | Table service restaurant | Residen..."
"A delightful, dual aspect, retirement apartment, located just a long from the Cathedral and the main shopping precinct. There is a spacious dual aspect sitting room and a modern kitchen. The double bedroom has a fitted wardrobe and the bathroom has been converted into a shower room. The heating..."
"A bright and well presented first floor retirement apartment, set within this popular development with attractive communal grounds, just a short distance from Chichester City Centre. Entrance hall | Sitting/Dining room | Kitchen | Bedroom | Shower room | Night storage heating | Double g..."
"A beautifully presented 2 BEDROOM MIDDLE TERRACE HOUSE built by Cala Homes in 2017/18 and having been the subject of some minor improvements. The property is available to buy as a shared ownership at 45% of it's market value of £325,000 which is £146,250."
A light and spacious first floor (served by a lift) retirement flat facing in a westerly direction and standing in this very popular development within walking distance of the City centre. Entrance hall | Large storage cupboard | Living/dining room | Kitchen | Double bedroom with built-...
King & Chasemore present to the market a competitively priced one bedroom upper floor retirement apartment with garden views. Situated in a sought-after area on the doorstep of Chichester's city centre within walking distance of the town centre and nearby to the train station. The...
King and Chasemore are delighted to present this competitively priced one-bedroom first floor apartment at St. Richards Lodge. The retirement accommodation is accessed via the communal stairs or lift & boasts a generously sized living area with plenty of space for home furnishings...
"A well presented, westerly facing top floor retirement apartment, situated in this popular development within walking distance of the city centre facilities. Entrance hall | Sitting/dining room | Kitchen | Bedroom | Modern shower room | Night storage heating | Double glazing Ho..."
"This ground floor, west facing, retirement flat is located in an excellent position within the city walls in the centre of the city, and is close to the main shopping centre and the cathedral. It is very well presented and is decorated and has brand new carpets. It within a highly sought after de..."
"A conveniently situated and well presented second floor retirement apartment, located just a short walk from the both the city centre and good public transport links. Entrance hall | Sitting room | Kitchen | Bedroom | Bathroom | Night storage heating | Double glazing House Mana..."
A completely redecorated second floor retirement apartment (served by a lift) with new flooring and lighting throughout in a central position in Chichester with views across to the Cathedral spire. Entrance hall | Large walk-in airing and storage cupboard | Well proportioned sitting/dini...
"A beautifully presented first floor retirement flat, which has been recently decorated throughout, situated in this popular development just a short walk from Chichester City Centre. Entrance hall | Large walk-in storage cupboard | Sitting/Dining room | Kitchen | Bedroom | Bath and sho..."
"This super RETIREMENT FLAT has been the subject of extensive improvements in recent times and it now has the benefit of a MODERN KITCHEN and BATHROOM. The apartment, which is situated on the Second FLOOR, has the benefit of the use of a lift, as well as a stair case. It has a DOUBLE BEDROOM and g..."
"A bright southerly facing first floor retirement apartment, situated in this popular development, within walking distance of the city centre facilities. Entrance hall | Storage cupboard | Sitting room | Kitchen | Bedroom | Shower room | Night storage heating | Double glazing Ho..."
"A particularly spacious second floor RETIREMENT FLAT, occupying a convenient location just south of the train station. The property has a large RECEPTION ROOM, along with a double bedroom and bathroom/wet room. There are some excellent facilities to be enjoyed by the residents, including a RESTAU..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £122,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £185,000"
King & Chasemore present to the market this competitively priced one bedroom upper floor apartment. Situated in a sought-after area on the doorstep of Chichester's city centre. Within walking distance of the town centre and nearby to the train station. The accommodation boasts a g...
"Avalible with NO FORWARD CHAIN. Leaders are delighted to present this one bedroom retairment property. Located in the heart of Chichester this flat is a short walk away from the town centre, Parklands Doctors Surgery and Tesco Superstore. when entering the flat you are gree..."
"An easterly facing top floor retirement flat which overlooks the communal gardens, situated in this popular Churchill development. Entrance hall | Good size lounge/dining room | Kitchen | Bedroom | Shower room | Electric heating | Double glazing Communal gardens | House Manager ..."
"FREE SITE FEES FOR 2023! Surrounded by eleven lakes, Lakeside Holiday Park is the place to be! Set within close proximity of Chichester City Centre, this quiet site is open for 11.5 months a year. As an owner, you would become an exclusive member of the owners club which allows exclusive use..."
"A 1 bedroom first floor maisonette with garden including the freehold of ground floor flat, offered with vacant possession. Located in a popular residential area close to the city centre. Ideal for owner occupation or letting investment with an estimated rent of £750 PCM, gross yield 8.1% PAX."
"A vacant and chain free retirement flat! This light and spacious first floor flat is set in a purpose built development in central Chichester. Benefitting from an on-site warden, secure entry system and access to a residents' lounge, this property really is ideal for retirees. The development als..."
**PITCH FEES FOR 2023 ALREADY PAID IN FULL** King & Chasemore are delighted to present to the market an immaculate THREE BEDROOM Park Home located on the popular Lakeside Holiday Park with stunning lake views. This exceptionally well-presented lodge compliments TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS...
A well situated ground floor retirement flat with access to communal garden and own front entrance within walking distance of the Cathedral City of Chichester. Entrance hall with storage cupboard | Living room | Kitchen | Bedroom with built-in wardrobes | Bathroom Communal garde...
"A first floor 1 BEDROOM APARTMENT for those who are over 60 years old. The property requires refurbishment however would make an idea bolt hole/weekend retreat as well as a permanent home. The development in Henty Gardens, just off Westgate is within a short stroll of the city centre and it's co..."
"Marketed with no forward chain, King and Chasemore present this competitively priced one-bedroom first floor apartment located within Henty Gardens on the doorstep of Chichester's city centre. The retirement accommodation is accessed via the lift & boasts a generously sized livin..."
"A well situated first floor retirement flat, with its own entrance at ground floor level, within walking distance of the Cathedral City of Chichester. Entrance hall | Landing with storage cupboards | Sitting room | Kitchen | Bedroom with built-in wardrobes | Bathroom | Night storage hea..."
Situated on the north east of the City a purpose-built AGE RESTRICTED one bedroomed apartment.
White and Brooks are delighted to offer to the market this well presented two bedroom park home situated in the heart of Chichester. The property comprises of two double bedrooms with the primary benefiting from an en suite. Excellent size dual aspect living room and a sun room that leads out ont...
"2 bedroom park home situated in a quiet location. 2 good sized bedrooms, an open plan kitchen/diner and a large lounge space. Enquire today for more details!"
"The Delta Hailsham is perfectly suited for entertaining your friends, with all the kitchen appliances needed including; gas hob, oven, and a full-size fridge freezer. Walking through to the lounge the spacious feel carries on, with light flooding through the patio doors and numerous windows. The..."
"the ABI Arizona is spacious and light. This holiday home benefits from wrap around fitted bench seating, making it perfect for socialiSing with family and friends. The Arizona also has a fitted seating dining area, ideal for entertaining family and friends alike. The kitchen has plenty of cupb..."
"Well presented two bedroom park home, situated in the sought after cathedral city of Chichester. The property comprises of two bedrooms with the primary benefiting from an en suite bathroom. There is an open plan living room/ kitchen and a separate bathroom. The park home further benefits from p..."
"White & Brooks are delighted to offer for sale, this immaculately presented park home in a highly sought after area close to Chichester. This park home is the perfect retreat to relax and unwind. The Living room is open plan to the Kitchen/Diner with attractive seating. There are two twin bed..."
"Situated on the sought after Lakeside development is this exceptionally well presented modern two bedroom lodge. The accommodation briefly comprises two bedrooms with build in storage, ample plug sockets and aerial points. The master benefitting from an en suite bathroom with a bath an..."
A secure UNDERGROUND single PARKING SPACE in the heart of CHICHESER town centre.
A parking space situated inside the City walls located in an underground car park set back from St. Johns Street and a short walk to the shops on East Street.
