Summary
"We are pleased to present this three-bedroom, semi-detached property located in Coventry. The property consists of – Lounge, Kitchen, Three bedrooms, a Bathroom and a Shower room. This property offers light-filled, spacious accommodation with parking to the front and an enclos..."
This is a rare opportunity to buy a block of apartments including the freehold. The entire property has been completely refurbished to a very high standard with a lot of consideration put into the finishes. Each apartment also has parking through the gated entrance. For more information or to ar...
"Cryfield Grange is a beautiful Grade II listed seven bedroom detached property situated in the highly sought after location of Cryfield Grange Road with easy access to Coventry and Kenilworth. Set on a plot of just under an acre, in a stunning rural location, this property really must be seen ..."
"A large and luxurious, modern family home boasting 4,926 sq. ft. of accommodation notably including a gymnasium with sauna, outdoor swim spa, breeze house and large garden room. Crackley Court is approached from Westwood Heath Road. The gated entrance opens to a large driveway with ample parking..."
"Situated in one of the most prestigious roads in Coventry, on Stoneleigh Road, is Fieldgate. This remarkable home, which has not been on the market for numerous years, is your once-in-a-lifetime-opportunity to take ownership"
A Spacious Six Bedroom Detached Family Home ~ Sold with Planning Permission for Two Additional Detached Dwellings ~ Fantastic Location ~ No Chain A truly unique and wonderful house with two approved building plots located in one of Coventry's finest locations. This is an incredibly rare ...
"A magnificent detached house on an extensive plot of 0.7acres. With in/out driveway the property boasts four reception rooms, cellar, beautiful handmade kitchen/breakfast room & utility. Six bedrooms over two floors & three high quality fitted bathrooms. Stunnig gardens to three sides &a..."
"Hidden down a long driveway off the very well regarded Westwood Heath Road, behind large electric gates two new high-tech and high-spec luxury residences sit on large plots with private landscaped gardens. Outside, a wrap-around terrace meets bi-fold doors for an easy flow ideal for summer. Scree..."
"An opportunity to purchase this modernised executive detached house in a quiet backwater on Gibbett Hill. With three reception rooms, quality fitted kitchen/dining room & utility. Four double bedrooms, three bathrooms(two ensuite). Attractive gardens, driveway & double integral garage. Vi..."
"An outstanding barn conversion forming part of this exclusive development, situated in a secluded courtyard setting within the heart of Baginton. This delightful property has undergone a superb and sympathetic refurbishment, blending a mix of charming character and modern living. There is an abun..."
Envisage sales and Lettings are delighted to offer this rare opportunity to purchase a large detached house in need of some modernisation that is located upon a substantial plot in the highly desirable area of Burton Green near Coventry. Viewing is essential to appreciate what this property offer...
"Spacious, prestigious and with superb period features throughout, this exceptional five double bedroom, period semi detached family home sits within one of Earlsdon's most well regarded Avenue's. With a driveway, garage and wide mature gardens, the house sits within walking distance of all of the..."
Warwick Avenue is a superb family home and offers a genuinely rare and exciting opportunity to acquire this elegant and spacious semi-detached property. Located on one of Coventry’s most desirable streets and situated just a short walk from Earlsdon High Street featuring a selection of shops and ...
"A truly stunning individual detached home offered for sale on this large corner plot. This property would ideally suit a large family and could be used in a number of different ways. The main house itself has six first floor bedrooms, the master with its own ensuite, as well as a Family shower an..."
"A beautifully appointed, spacious and well planned regency style family home | APPROX 3000 SQ FT | BENEFITTING FROM A RECENT FIRST FLOOR EXTENSION | Located near the BEST schooling | Ideal for home working HOME OFFICE | Located in a quiet cul-de-sac | Walking distance to War memorial Park| Exte..."
"GENEROUSLY PROPORTIONED, BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, four/five bedroom detached property with GATED DRIVEWAY, DOUBLE DETACHED GARAGE AND LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN situated in the heart of the popular village of Binley Woods. Entrance hallway, fantastic modern fitted kitchen/diner and garden room, famil..."
"Handles Property are delighted to offer for sale this spacious six bedroom detached family home located within a highly desirable area to the South of the city centre. Superb open plan kitchen/living area, large private garden, double garage. Viewing highly recommended."
"**Investment Opportunity** 6 Renovated Dwellings Including 1 Two bedroom detached bungalow, One two bedroom apartment, three one bedroom apartments and one studio apartment with parking and freehold."
EPC Grade F
"IMMACULATE EXECUTIVE FAMILY HOME SET OVER THREE LUXURIOS FLOORS, IN THE SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION OF CROMWELL LANE, POSITIONED ON A VERY GENEROUS PLOT CLOSE TO WARWICK UNIVERSITY WITH OVER 3100 SQFT OF LIVING SPACE. This beautiful five bedroom detached house is conveniently positioned on Cro..."
"A prominent Freehold redevelopment opportunity on City Centre outskirts The subject property currently comprises 11 bedsits with individual shower rooms over three floors, main entrance, cellar, large, fitted kitchen/dining room and a first floor lounge. To the side and rear elevation th..."
A rarely available detached family home located in an exclusive cul de sac just off the Kenilworth Road. Having been extended by the current owners and boasting over 2500sqft of accommodation the home offers further potential to extend (subject to the relevant consents)
"A rare opportunity to purchase this substantial detached family home, ideally situated on one of the city's most coveted roads"
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a superb four bedroom detached family home situated in the sought after location of Cannon Park Road situated just off the Kenilworth Road, this property is ideally situated within easy reach of Warwick University, Coventry City Centre, Coventry Railway Station..."
"Looking for a spacious family home?
Located in the popular area of Allesley Park is this stylish and spacious family home that overlooks a green space and has been extended and improved to provide plenty of space for the whole family"
A Simply Stunning Detached Family Home Situated In The Desirable And Exclusive Location Of Asthill Grove In Styvechale - This impressive four bedroom home offers a vast amount of living space throughout and has undergone a complete renovation throughout including a luxuriously modern kitchen/dine...
"**Deceptively Spacious Detached Family Home on Sought After Cannon Park Estate**Self Sufficient Annexe With Balcony**Double Garage & Multi-Car Driveway** This incredible family home has so much to offer, very briefly comprising; Multi-car driveway, double garage with electric roller shutter secur..."
"Set back from this in-and-out U Shaped Road, this detached home is situated in an exclusively desirable area of Cannon Park, ideal for a family, with over 2800 sqft of living space, you approach this residence over a well laid paved drive with parking for four vehicles leading to this elegantly e..."
"ACDC Sales and Lettings have this outstanding unique five bedroom detached property. This property is in a fantastic location of Westwood heath, Coventry. The property comes with electric front gates as added security and a large driveway additionally a double garage. This fabulous property h..."
Outstanding Detached Home - Hidden Away In A Lovely Quiet Cul-De-Sac - Large Plot With Electric Gates - 6 Bedrooms - 2 En-Suites - Family Bathroom - WC - Lounge - DESIGNER OPEN PLAN KITCHEN / DINER - Conservatory - Office / Study - Utility - Double Garage - Large Garden - CHECK OUT MY FLOOR PLAN
This single bayed semi detached property is situated within walking distance to the train station and city centre.
"A UNIQUE PLOT WITH EXCEPTIONAL POTENTIAL - THIS IS A MUST SEE PROPERTY!!! This fantastic opportunity to purchase a traditional 1930's four bedroom detached corner plot home situated in the sought after location of Cannon Park Road just off the Kenilworth Road, this property is ideally si..."
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a substantial modern executive detached family home, situated within a secure gated courtyard setting on this sought after select development. The property is situated on the outskirts of the City with excellent travel links including the nearby Tile Hill Rail..."
"Occupying a large plot on Cromwell Lane in Burton Green, Kenilworth is this spacious detached home which offers great potential to modernise and renovate to create a unique family residence"
"FOR SALE BY AUCTION: Terms and conditions apply*. Being sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply*. Starting Bid £720,000. Two properties now co joined to create one spacious HMO (single agreement to Serco), this prime location period investment sits within walking distance..."
"Reeds Rains are delighted to present this incredible, four bedroom detached house located on Moreall Meadows, Coventry."
"A BEAUTIFUL FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED EXECUTIVE STYLE PROPERTY situated in the popular cul-de-sac location of Moreall Meadows, briefly comprising of reception hallway, guest cloakroom, lounge, separate dining room, breakfast kitchen, conservatory, space for several cars and double garage."
"A superb family home set within this highly sought after village, offering spacious and stylish accommodation throughout, along with a generous rear garden and views over the park to the front"
"UNEXPECTEDLEY BACK TO MARKET AN IMMACULATE EXECUTIVE STYLE FAMILY HOME SET IN THE SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION OF SANDRINGHAM CLOSE JUST OFF WESTWOOD HEATH ROAD, POSITIONED ON A VERY GENEROUS PLOT, CLOSE TO WARWICK UNIVERSITY, KENILWORTH AND COVENTRY, OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN. Thi..."
Deceptively spacious and well-presented detached home offers flexible family accommodation over two floors and the potential to extend further subject to planning.
"Like to entertain? This spacious family home offers plenty of space for friends and family to enjoy. Located in the highly sought after Canley Gardens area, the home is within walking distance of Canley Station and the cosmopolitan Earlsdon Street with its array of cafe's and shops"
**TWO BRAND NEW FIVE BEDROOM LUXURY HOMES WITH OVER 2000SQFT OF LIVING SPACE** COMING SOON 'Pickford View' please register for updates and receive your invitation to the pre-launch event. Pickford View is a stunning development of two luxury detached new build properties situate...
A substantial detached 5 bedroom family home in an exclusive gated setting located in the sought after area of Canley Gardens.
"FOR SALE VIA ONLINE AUCTION: terms and conditions apply We are pleased to offer to auction these two properties now co joined to create one spacious HMO, this prime location period investment sits within walking distance of the city centre and the train station. With eighteen bedrooms, many of..."
"Envisage are delighted to offer this superb modern executive home in the desirable Westwood heath area the property overlooks woodlands to the front. This five bedroom detached home is comprised of he property comprises of entrance hallway, lounge with feature fireplace, dining room, study/ play ..."
A most impressive extended four bedroom semi-detached home ideal for a family with over 2200sqft of living space situated in the desirable and exclusive location of Asthill Grove in Styvechale. Asthill Grove is ideally placed being within walking distance of Coventry train station that has direct...
"A WONDERFUL OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE A FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME SET IN THE HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION OF DELAWARE ROAD. This spacious three bedroom detached home is located in one of Coventry's most sought after residential roads, within walking distance to Coventry War Memorial Park, King..."
"Plot 103 is a wonderful five bedroom detached home complete with DOUBLE GARAGE and DRIVEWAY FOR 4 CARS! This home features a spacious SOUTH FACING GARDEN, Five DOUBLE bedrooms, a study, open plan kitchen, dining and family room plus dressing area and en suite to Bedroom 1! Click to find out more!! "
"This wonderful family home has been lovingly lived in and maintained, to a very high standard for many years by the current owner - ready to make their next move, we’re delighted to offer it for sale. Looking for a property to move straight into and make your own, then look no further - even bett..."
Well Presented Extended Semi Detached Family Home | Sought After Location Overlooking Playing Fields | Close To Excellent Schools & Local Shops| Double Glazing | Gas Fired Central Heating | Hallway | Lounge With A Feature Log Burning Fireplace | Dining Room | Fitted Kitchen & Sitting Area With A ...
"We are delighted to present a rare opportunity to purchase this stunning 4 bedroom detached home , that sits in 0.3 acres of land situated in the heart of Finham. This property has an entrance which is protected by electric gates which"
*** COMPLETELY RENOVATED DETACHED BUNGALOW ~ FOUR BEDROOMS ~ THIRD OF AN ACRE PLOT ~ EXCELLENT PRIVATE REAR GARDEN & PATIO ***
"LAUNCH EVENT SATURDAY 1ST APRIL FROM 11AM - Please contact the office to confirm your attendance. An impressive four bedroom family home offering ample accommodation, deep gardens and stunning field views in the much sought after area of Binley woods"
"Five bedroom semi detached property situated in the exclusive location of Asthill Grove, ideally located for Coventry Train Station, War Memorial Park and the City Centre. Potential for further extensions subject to planning permission."
"STUNNING REAR GARDEN ON A FANTASTIC PLOT AVAILABLE WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN. An outstanding, four bedroom executive detached family residence, situated in this exclusive residential location of Innis Road just off Bates Road, Earlsdon positioned on a very generous plot. The property offers ..."
"A FORMER BED AND BREAKFAST AND NOW A HMO OPPORTUNITY, TWO MINUTES WALK FROM COVENTRY TRAIN STATION AND CITY CENTRE"
"A rare opportunity to purchase a recently constructed barn conversion located in a stunning rural location. Being available to purchase with no onward chain, benefiting from a new build guarantee and providing approximately 1700 sq ft of living space the property needs to be viewed to be fully..."
"Brook Court is a stunning development of three luxury detached barn style new build properties situated in the sought after location of Pickford Green Lane, Coventry. These homes have been carefully designed to provide excellent living space for families. Pickford Green Lane is perfectly situated..."
"GUIDE PRICE £625,000 - £650,000OPEN HOUSE EVENT SATURDAY 8TH APRIL 20231:00PM - 2:30PMBY APPOINTMENT ONLY   Friend & Farrelly Property Services are proud to offer this stunning detached family home in Coundon, Coventry. On the ground floor the pr..."
"*Attention Investors* GLB Are Pleased To Present This Modern 10 Bedroom Full HMO Licenced Property Until 26/07/2023 All en-suite rooms. Available In The Coundon Area – Excellent Location For Coventry or Warwick University As well As Major Supermarkets, Local Restaurants and Pubs. ..."
Corner Plot with Excellent Potential ~ Four Bedrooms ~ Ideal Family Home ~ Excellent Local Schools A much improved detached home located in the heart of Finham on the sought after St. Martins Road. This particular property offers huge potential for extension to the side (subject to obtai...
"**HIGH SPEC DETACHED 3/4 BEDROOM HOUSE**RENOVATED THROUGHOUT**HEAVILY EXTENDED** Up Estates are pleased to bring to the market a very rare example of a lovingly renovated and extended detached home on the ever popular Rugby Road, Binley Woods. You will struggle to find another home that has been ..."
"Nestled in the highly sought after location of 'The Avenues' is this beautifully presented 19th Century three storey, four/five bedroom semi detached home completely refurbished to an extremely high standard by the current owners providing over 2500 sq. ft. of excellent accommodation for a family..."
"Detached Property. Large Garden with woodland to the rear. Ample parking to the front.. Three Bedroom Detached Bungalow in semi rural sought after location. Two Bedrooms with En-suite and a further Family Bathroom. Ground floor master bedroom with EnSuite & Dressing Room. Spacious Lounge, Fitte..."
"A completely refurbished and extended four bedroom detached dormer bungalow set in a highly desirable location on the edge of countryside yet close to local train stations, local shops and excellent road connectivity. Generous open plan living area, adaptable bedroom/living spaces, downstairs sho..."
"FIVE SELF CONTAINED FREEHOLD FLATS achieving £35,052 P/A (Approximately 5.84% yield). Offered for sale with tenants in situ and absolutely ideal for any landlord looking for an investment opportunity."
"A superbly positioned extended detached family residence enjoying an unrivalled position within this much sought after country lane, featuring outstanding long range countryside views. Offering generous and well-proportioned room sizes throughout, the property which has both gas heating and doubl..."
"Abbey Grange is ideally located just 5 miles to the south east of Coventry. Situated on the edge of Binley Woods, just off the Rugby Road, the development benefits from a large public open space with a dedicated play area and backs onto ancient woodland. This exciting development offers..."
"***WALKING DISTANCE TO WARICK UNIVERSITY***NO CHAIN***EXECUTIVE DEVELOPMENT*** Located in the prestigious area of 'Gibbett Hill' is this Executive four bedroom detached family residence. Within walking distance to Warwick University and close proximity to Canon Park Shopping area, Road access t..."
"A unique opportunity to acquire an immaculately presented, detached family home located in the sought after area of Eastern Green. Accessed via secure electric gates the property boasts a mature wrap around garden and versatile accommodation. The property comprises an entrance porch, a ..."
"FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY – Grade II 12 Bedroom Freehold HMO Listed Building – Great Location For Warwick/Coventry University & The City Centre. Renovations currently in progress in excess of £100k, This 12 bedroom spacious detached property has successfully been rented as a stud..."
"Located in the heart of Earlsdon on one of Coventry's most desirable roads is this deceptively spacious, detached bungalow. The home offers scope for further development, and is offered with no onward chain. The property offers versatile accommodation throughout and is accessed via an en..."
"STUNNING, EXTENDED FAMILY HOME WHICH IS PERFECTLY SET UP IF YOU ARE SEEKING TO LIVE ALL TOGETHER IN ONE HOUSE. What a beautiful property this is! Reserve your viewing slot now to avoid disappointment. Located within the highly regarded area of Allesley this property oozes kerb a..."
"Ideally located for local schools and amenities is this well presented 'bow bay' terraced home, offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"A substantial extended detached family home situated on a prominent plot with excellent potential for updating/further extension, property is situated in this highly sought after location within Finham of the South side of the City with excellent local amenities and travel links nearby. The prope..."
This four bedroom detached property has the benefits of double glazing and on a generous size plot with multi outbuildings. Offered with no chain. Call us now to arrange a viewing
"The 5 bedroom Wayford is ideal for growing families, with room to grow with three double bedrooms and two further bedrooms"
"5 BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY - QUIET CUL DE SAC LOCATION - DOUBLE GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY A spacious beautifully presented family home located in this ideal cul-de-sac location. The real advantage with this plot is the position, situated at the end of street enjoying a greater degree of priva..."
"Freehold development opportunity for land on the north side of Shilton Lane, Shilton Coventry. The land is situated in a picturesque green belt open countryside location.
Total approximately 6.6 acres of land comprising existing properties, mix of consented land, stables and barns Available as en..."
"Purplebricks are pleased to present this immaculate four bedroom detached property in the highly sought after location. The quality of finish is evident throughout, matched with its sense of space, immediately evident from first walking through the entrance. The property offers multiple pocke..."
"NEW RELEASE! Home 107, the Whixley offers flexible and generous living spaces. The home features four double bedrooms and one single, with bedroom one benefiting from an en suite and built-in wardrobe. DEPOSIT BOOSTER AVAILABLE! Contact us to book an appointment today!"
"Dating back to 1847 this property has been a big part of the history of Coventry, the current owners bought the property over twenty years ago and have left no stone unturned undertaking an extensive restoration. Today the property perfectly blends beautiful period features with modern family liv..."
"Home 33, the Whixley offers flexible and generous living spaces. The home features four double bedrooms and one single, with bedroom one benefiting from an en suite and built-in wardrobe. Other features are the open plan kitchen and dining area."
Take a stroll around Earlsdon’s leafiest neighbourhood and you’ll find Spencer Avenue. It’s well established and arguably one of the finest addresses in this sought-after ‘village in the city’
"This beautifully detached five double bedroom family home. Amenities within the village includes a mini-supermarket, a Post office, Pharmacy, Doctors Surgery, and Garden Centre also ideal for country walks and cycling. The location is also within easy reach of the Ricoh Arena Retail Park. An in..."
"This extended, detached bungalow occupies a larger than average plot and is located in the sought after suburban village of Binley Woods. The property offers versatile accommodation and comprises a spacious entrance porch, a lounge with working log burner, a kitchen/diner that spans the..."
A particularly well presented individual Detached house located in one of Coventry's premier residential locations. Set in superbly tendered well stocked gardens the three bedroom accommodation benefits from gas fire central heating with a modern boiler and double glazing throughout. It offers...
"Exciting opportunity to purchase this detached bungalow with planning permission to heavily increase the current footprint (please see images attached) Situated in the sought after location of Cannon Hill Road just off the Kenilworth Road, this property is ideally situated within easy re..."
"This most impressive, cleverly extended four bedroom, two bathroom detached home ideal for a family with nearly 2260sqft of living space, situated in the desirable and exclusive location of Fletchamstead Highway in Styvechale. Fletchamstead Highway is ideally placed being within a close distance ..."
"**MORRISONS ESTATE EX SHOW HOME**DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE**LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN** Up Estates are pleased to bring to the market a high spec, spacious family home based in the ever popular Morrisons Estate. Briefly comprising; Porch, Hall, Lounge, Home Office, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Dining Room, ..."
"SOUTH FACING GARDEN! Home 106, the Marlborough benefits from OPEN PLAN kitchen and dining area, with SEPARATE UTILITY and a DUAL ASPECT SEPARATE living room. Upstairs there are FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS. This home is available with DEPOSIT BOOSTER! Arrange your appointment today!"
"Home 56, the Marlborough is ideally suited to modern family living, featuring ample flexible spaces. The elegant hallway provides access to the central living areas: an open plan kitchen and dining area with utility room and a spacious, light filled living room. Upstairs are four double bedrooms, wi"
"DETACHED HOME WITH OWN DRIVEWAY! SOUTH FACING GARDEN! Home 59, the Marlborough is ideally suited to modern family living, featuring ample flexible spaces. The elegant hallway provides access to the central living areas: an open plan kitchen and dining area with utility room and a spacious, light fil"
A substantially extended detached bungalow on a prominent corner position situated within the sought after Styvechale Grange Estate. The property offers flexible accommodation having undergone considerable extension in recent years. Styvechale Grange is conveniently located on the South Side of t...
"A Much Improved and Extended Five bedroom Semi-Detached home situated in a popular location to the west side of Coventry. Briefly comprising: spacious hall, lounge, cloakroom, refitted kitchen, spacious utility room, conservatory, garage, spacious landing, family bathroom, five bedrooms with the ..."
"A stunning, highly individual, split level detached home lying within this exclusive cul-de-sac. Beautifully maintained and fully modernised, this unusual home really needs to be seen to be fully appreciated, has both gas heating and double glazing, features a carport and single garage alongside ..."
"Beautifully situated overlooking Allesley Park and the golf course, this four bedroom, two reception room, detached family home presents adaptable living accommodation throughout. With South facing rear gardens and the most beautiful views to the front aspect, the location is certainly one of the..."
"**TAKE THE 3D VIRTUAL TOUR**NO CHAIN**FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS**SEVEN BATHROOMS**DOUBLE GARAGE & MULTI-CAR DRIVEWAY**SAUNA HOUSE, HOT TUB & OFFICE** This is an incredible opportunity to purchase a deceptively spacious home in great condition on the sought after Binley Road. Very briefly this property..."
OPEN HOUSE SATURDAY 1ST April 2023 From 9.30am Until 10.45am - Absolute Prime Warwick University Location - PLANNING GRANTED FOR 6 LETTABLE ROOMS - Bathroom - Modern Kitchen - Lounge / Dining - Rear Garden - Modern Gas Central Heating - Modern Double Glazing - Massive Potential - Call Today
"This extended, semi-detached property makes for the perfect family home and is situated in one of Coventry's most sought after residential areas. The accommodation is generous and comprises a porch, an entrance hallway, a lounge with a bay window, a second reception with patio doors lead..."
"NO UPWARD CHAIN - A MUST SEE PROPERTY!!! A fantastic opportunity to purchase a traditional 1950-1960's four bedroom extended detached home, situated in the sought after location of Cannon Hill Road just off the Kenilworth Road. Offered with no upward chain, this property is ideally situ..."
"A LOVELY SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME CLOSE TO THE A45, WARWICK UNIVERSITY AND JAGUAR LANDROVER. This beautiful four bedroom detached property is conveniently positioned to all local amenities, within close distance to Coventry Memorial Park and Warwick University, making it an ideal investmen..."
"A SUPERIOR SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH AN HEAVILY EXTENDED GROUND FLOOR AND A DELIGHTFUL LARGE LANDSCAPED GARDEN. Maidavale Crescent is firmly established as one of the most favoured locations in the city. It is close to the train station, War Memorial Park and within the Finham Park..."
Welcome to this fantastic four bedroom detached family home located in the highly sought-after area of Eastern Green in Coventry. This beautiful property is perfect for families who are looking for spacious and comfortable living
"A LOVELY EXTENDED SIX BEDROOM END OF TERRACE FAMILY HOME SHARED OVER THREE FLOORS AND SET ON A GENEROUS PLOT, WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO FINHAM PARK SCHOOL. This beautiful family home is positioned in the sought after location of Green Lane, Finham which is close to local schools, shops,..."
Looking for your perfect family home? This could be perfect for you. Located in the highly sought after area of Beechwood Gardens is this extended and improved home with plenty of space over two floors and a large rear garden
Substantial Corner Plot ~ Four Bedrooms ~ Huge Potential ~ Ideal Location ~ Excellent Schools Nearby A spacious family home located on a generous sized corner plot in this extremely sought after and well regarded residential location. There is tremendous potential to extended subject to...
"Impressive! That's the only way to describe this lovely home and location. The home itself exudes classic character and charm but inside its the perfect marriage between contemporary modern styling with a sympathetic nod to the period of the property. A hot tub and sauna await the lucky viewers, ..."
"*** FLOORING INCLUDED*** AVAILABLE SPRING 2023 - A super four bedroom detached with a single garage centred around a community orchard, our idyllic new development, Pippinfields, in Pickford Green provides a countryside escape, just five miles from Coventry. Pippinfields will feature a s..."
"A super four bedroom detached with a single garage centred around a community orchard, our idyllic new development, Pippinfields, in Pickford Green provides a countryside escape, just five miles from Coventry. Pippinfields will feature a selection of luxurious two, three and four bedroom..."
HUGE POTENTIAL POSITIONED ON A GENEROUS PLOT WITH LOTS OF AVENUES TO INCREASE THE CURRENT FOOTPRINT (STPC) This lovely four bedroom detached family home is located on one of Finham’s prime roads of Jacklin Drive. The property is in need of some slight updating and modernisation and is wi...
A FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. 7 BEDROOMED FULLY LICENSIED HMO SITUATED IN THE CITY CENTRE
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire this substantial 7-bedroom mid terraced property, in a prime City Centre location and being just only minutes away from Coventry University! The property benefitted from being a fully licensed HMO (Not Transferable) The property ground floor in brief co..."
"Steeples Green is an exciting new development of 2,3,4 and 5 bedroom homes in Eastern Green offering a mix of housing to suit all lifestyles. These beautiful homes are built to Lagan Homes exceling standards, combining exemplary design with meticulous attention to detail creating exceptional home..."
"This superb four bedroom semi detached family home offers the ideal opportunity for a family to locate into Coventry's premium location, Styvechale and must be viewed internally to appreciate the accommodation on offer."
"Steeples Green is an exciting new development of 2,3,4 and 5 bedroom homes in Eastern Green offering a mix of housing to suit all lifestyles. These beautiful homes are built to Lagan Homes excelling standards, combining exemplary design with meticulous attention to detail creating exceptional hom..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a traditional four bedroom semi-detached home situated in the sought after location of Cannon Hill Road just off the Kenilworth Road, this property is ideally situated within easy reach of Warwick University, Coventry City Centre, Coventry Railway Station, good..."
This extended four bedroomed character house offers fabulous accommodation arranged over two floors and comes with many original features and quality fittings throughout. The handsome property certainly has kerb appeal being set back from the road behind a brick block driveway with ample parking ...
A SUPERIOR EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH A SUPER KITHEN/DINER AND AN IMPRESSIVE LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN. **OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN** This beautifully presented three-bedroom semi-detached home has been tastefully decorated and cleverly improved to provide more suitable fami...
"The Philosopher has four bedrooms - one of which benefits from an en suite shower room - an open-plan kitchen, dining and family area, a separate living room and a study. Contact our friendly team today to learn more about this new home and start your move today."
"A superb opportunity to create your idyllic family home.
Set within a substantial plot, with South facing garden that backs onto Hearsall Golf course, this home requires modernisation and offers a wealth of potential"
"The Lavenham boasts a wealth of space, perfect for growing families. Let us help you move with our mortgage contribution scheme.*"
***3 Bedroom Houses Released on Brindley Meadows*** Would you like to own your own home but find you're struggling to afford a home on the open market? Shared Ownership could help. Apply now to avoid missing out.
STUNNING RENOVATED CHARACTER COTTAGE ORIGINALLY BUILT IN 1858. This charming cottage had been beautifully modernised throughout though still retaining its original character and features. Two/three bedroom mid terraced cottage positioned just outside the popular town of Kenilworth in Burton Gr...
"Viewing is essential to fully appreciate this immaculately presented and beautifully refurbished double bayed semi-detached home. In a highly sought-after location convenient for Earlsdon High Street, War Memorial Park, Coventry Train Station and the city centre. There in an entrance hall, with..."
"OPEN HOUSE - Friday 31st March 12:00 - 14:00, contact us for details. A well-presented property located in the sought after area of Millisons Wood, close to local shops and amenities. Briefly comprising of lounge, open plan kitchen/ diner, study, four bedrooms; master with en suite, family..."
"A much loved family home and having been extended and improved over many years, this delightful, four bedroom, semi detached home overlooks the Earlsdon allotments behind Rochester Road and Beechwood Avenue."
Evans Estates Agents are Proud to Present this Stunning Detached Bungalow Situated in a Semi Rural area of Allesley in a Cul De Sac and is Offered with No Upward Chain. The property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified). The accommodation comprises of an entra...
"A fantastic four bedroom family home in a very popular location in Finham. Convenient for the A45 and A46, this property is perfectly located for easy access to the wider road network."
"The owners of this property specifically chose this particular plot off plan due to its secluded location and unoverlooked, private garden. A large driveway to the front allows parking for a number of vehicles."
"NOW UNDER OFFER --- NOW UNDER OFFER. - FANTASTIC INVESTMENT - Beat article 4 coming next year to Canley - 9 bedrooms , 9 bathrooms"
"Built in 1896 and sitting within an exceptional and mature plot, this fine Victorian semi detached home offers space and versatility in abundance. With four double bedrooms all complimented by an en-suite shower room and a family bathroom, the property also benefits from three generous recepti..."
"The Lavenham is an impressive 5 bedroom home with double garage, and come complete with integrated kitchen!"
"JUST RELEASED! Home 109, the Romsey is an attractive family home. The downstairs benefits from a SEPARATE LIVING ROOM and a versatile OPEN PLAN kitchen and dining area. Upstairs are four bedrooms with an EN SUITE AND BUILT-IN WARDROBE to bedroom 1."
"HOME OF THE MONTH - £11,750 STAMP DUTY CONTRIBUTION PLUS FLOORING THROUGHOUT! Home 34, the Romsey is an attractive family home. The downstairs benefits from a substantial, bright and airy living room. A versatile open plan kitchen and dining area provides ample space for relaxation."
"Home 39, the Romsey is an attractive family home. The downstairs benefits from a substantial, bright and airy living room. A versatile open plan kitchen and dining area provides ample space for relaxation and is ideally suited to family life. Upstairs are four bedrooms."
"A substantial semi detached family home, beautifully presented throughout, offering plenty of space for the whole family and ideally positioned for Memorial Park and Finham School"
"A BEAUTIFUL 1491SQFT EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH A DELIGHTFUL LARGE LANDSCAPED GARDEN. The Chesils is firmly established as one of the most favoured locations in the city. It is close to the train station, War Memorial Park and within easy reach to St Thomas More catholic pri..."
Reeds Rains are delighted to present to the market this fantastic three bedroom family home which has been finished to an incredible standard located in the gorgeous village Burton Green.
"Immaculately presented 3 bedroom DETACHED home, nestled in a quiet cul de sac on the edge of this ever popular CALA homes estate. Located between Kenilworth & Balsall Common in the village of BURTON GREEN. 8 YEARS REMAINING ON NHBC WARRANTY"
"*NO CHAIN* A beautifully presented and traditional single bayed semi detached property situated in this highly sought after location with good access to the War Memorial Park, Hearsall Golf Club and Beechwood Lawn Tennis Club. The property benefits from gas fired central heating, double glazing a..."
Cedar Gardens is situated in a much sought after location giving easy access to the A45 leading to the Midland Motorway Network. A range of amenities are also close by along with popular primary and second schools. The development of just eight high quality homes is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac...
"This significantly extended four bedroom detached property provides a generous amount of living space with further potential to either extend (STPP), re-model or modernise. Having the benefit of UPVC double glazing, gas central heating and being positioned on a wide corner plot the property ......."
"Cedar Gardens is a superb development of eight individually designed five bedroom detached family homes built to a high specification over three floors situated to the west of the City. Conveniently located close to local amenities, popular primary and secondary schools and close to the A45 linki..."
"Four Bedroom Detached On A Super Plot - One Of Coventry's Prime Residential Roads - Great School Catchments - Great Links To Coventry, Kenilworth and Leamington - Must Be Viewed To Be Appreciated. A superb opportunity to purchase this four-bedroom detached family home set on a fabulous..."
"THE CARLOW IS AVAILABLE AS A DETACHED AND SEMI-DETACHED HOME RESERVE A HOME WITH LAGAN HOMES AND RECEIVE A CONTRIBUTION TOWADS YOUR ENERGY BILLS AND A STANDARD FLOORING PACKAGE UPTO £12,000 OR £1,000 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS YOUR MORTGAGE A MONTH FOR 12 MONTHS* Steeples Green is an ..."
"**HIGH SPEC RENOVATED, DETACHED FAMILY HOME**FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS**MORRISONS ESTATE NEXT TO PARK**TWO RECEPTION ROOMS**TWO BATHROOMS**WORKSHOP IN GARDEN** This immaculately presented four double bedroom family home on the sought after Morrisons Estate is now available for purchase! Very briefly c..."
Stunning new build detached property located in the highly desirable village of Baginton - three bedrooms - three bathrooms - stunning open plan kitchen / diner - beautiful lounge with feature media wall - flexible accommodation arranged over two floors - utility & cloakroom - driveway for up to ...
"Viewing is essential to fully appreciate this deceptively spacious and substantially extended double fronted semi-detached home with off-street parking for 2 cars, in a highly sought after location close to good schools, key road networks and local amenities. The property has been well maintained..."
"Semi detached property situated just off Foleshill Road, close to local amenities and bus links, incorporating a spacious well proportioned family accommodation."
A substantially extended semi detached family home offering six bedrooms and three bathroom accommodation over three floors and situated in this highly popular location within Styvechale. The property is well placed within easy access of excellent range of amenities as well as being close to the ...
"Foxbridge Gate is a stunning development of four luxury detached homes situated in the sought after rural location in Keresley, designed to provide ideal living space for a family. Foxbridge Gate is perfectly situated with great links to Coventry City Centre, Birmingham, Birmingham Airport and l..."
"AVAILABLE SPRING 2023 - A super four bedroom detached with a single garage centred around a community orchard, our idyllic new development, Pippinfields, in Pickford Green provides a countryside escape, just five miles from Coventry. Pippinfields will feature a selection of luxurious two..."
"** OPEN WEEKEND - SATURDAY THE 1ST OF APRIL 10:00 - 11:30. CALL TO ARRANGE YOUR APPOINTMENT ** AUCTION END DATE SET - 6TH OF APRIL AT 1400 ** OFFERED FOR SALE AT A REDUCED STARTING PRICE OF £455,000 TO FACILITATE A SECURE AND SPEEDY SALE. This is a great opportunity to purchase this four be..."
"A unique and stylish detached home that has been much improved. Boasting 4 double bedrooms and a 42' Cinema Room! In the popular area of Eastern Green, close to local shops, woodland walks, great school catchments and a short drive to shopping parks"
"A SUPERIOR 1541SQFT EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH A DELIGHTFUL LARGE LANDSCAPED GARDEN. A fantastic opportunity to purchase an extended five-bedroom semi detached family home set in the highly desirable area of Kenpas Highway, Finham. Within easy reach of Finham Park school and..."
"A beautifully presented four double bedroomed property, situated in the popular location of Eastern Green, with access to local shops, schools and amenities. Having luxury living dining/kitchen, utility, four double bedrooms and three bathrooms, NO CHAIN"
"HR Estate agents are proud to offer this Fully Extended side, rear, loft four/five Bedroom Semi-Detached House, with three reception rooms, Off road parking"
"The Luthier features an OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden for socialising, UTILITY ROOM, dedicated STUDY for home working and separate living room overlooking front of the home."
"EXTENDED STUDENT PROPERTY SET OVER THREE FLOORS WITHIN EASY ACCESS TO COVENTRY UNIVERSITY, WARWICK UNIVERSITY AND COVENTRY CITY CENTRE, SET IN THE HEART OF EARLSDON. We have been advised that there are currently tenants in-situ and a new six person tenancy in place for the next academic ..."
"The spacious four bedroom Manford is ideal for growing families, with flexible living space throughout"
"A superbly spacious four bedroom semi-detached house situated on one of Coventry's most sought after roads. Within easy reach of Coventry City Centre, Leamington and Kenilworth. This home is situated in great school catchments making this a wonderful prospect for a family. The property also be..."
"The Manford is a traditional 4 bedroom home, perfect for families. Let us help you move!"
An extended semi detached family home situated in this highly sought after location on the south side of the City benefitting from having no further chain. The property is well placed for excellent range of local amenities as well as being within easy reach of the nearby A45 dual carriageway link...
"A five bedroom semi detached property situated just off Foleshill Road, close to local amenities and bus links, incorporating a spacious well proportioned family accommodation."
"A majestic four bedroom detached family home with beautifully high ceilings and a sense of grandeur. This spacious property offers almost 2000 sq. ft of family accommodation on a generous plot with a detached, self-contained one bedroom annexe. Victorian elegance in all its splendour this beautif..."
"A much loved home for generations, this impressive and substantial semi detached home sits within a tremendous West facing plot within a very popular catchment area to the South of Coventry itself."
"SPACIOUS EXTENDED FAMILY HOME SET ON A LOVELY PLOT CLOSE TO PARKHILL PRIMARY SCHOOL, BIRMINGHAM AIRPORT AND ALL MOTORWAY NETWORK LINKS. This four bedroom detached property is conveniently positioned to all local amenities including a short walk to a park, bus routes and local convenience..."
Stunning three bedroom double bay fronted end of terraced located directly opposite Allesley Park - extended to the rear with lovely open plan kitchen / diner - downstairs shower room as well as gorgeous family bathroom - off-road parking for two vehicles - large rear garden - larger than average...
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, three/four bedroom, detached property with GATED DRIVEWAY, GARAGE AND SOUTH FACING LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN situated in the heart of the popular village of Binley Woods. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Entrance hallway, modern fitted kitchen/diner, family lounge, cons..."
"A three bedroomed detached home situated in the popular village location of Binley Woods. Briefly comprising Hall, extended lounge, extended kitchen, Study, three bedrooms, bathroom. Gardens to the front & rear and direct access drive leading to the garage."
"***NO CHAIN***EXTENDED***FINHAM SCHOOL CATCHMENT*** An extended four bedroom family home in a convenient location off Green Lane, Finham is this spacious property. This home has been in the same family for a very long time and now its time for a new family to enjoy and love it, like they did. ..."
"A LARGE FAMILY HOME LOCATED IN STYVECHALE, The property has been extended and benefits from having"
"*** FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME, 4/5 BEDROOMS ***"
"A STUNNING TURNKEY READY TOWNHOUSE built in 2019 by CALA HOMES in a superb location of BURTON GREEN is available with NHBC warranty and offered with High Specification including BOSCH appliances, LANDSCAPED gardens, vaulted dining room ceiling with skylights and NO UPWARD CHAIN."
"This cottage has many original features including exposed timbers and has been beautifully improved over recent years. The accommodation offers hall, two lounges, both with inglenooks, dining room open to the kitchen, utility room, landing, four bedrooms laid out over two floors with en suite to..."
"JUST RELEASED! Home 110, the Seaton benefits from an open plan kitchen and dining room which provides access to the garden, a SEPARATE living room and two parking spaces. The house also features THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS. This home is available with DEPOSIT BOOSTER! Arrange your appointment today!"
"One of the appealing factors of Home 93, the Seaton is its open plan kitchen and dining room which provides direct access to the garden - and consequently views and natural light. Another is the generous bedroom one, which benefits from an en suite and built-in wardrobe."
"Home 40, the Seaton benefits from an open plan kitchen and dining room which provides direct access to the SOUTH FACING GARDEN, a separate living room and two parking spaces. The house also features THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS. Move in Summer 2023!"
"This fantastic two/three detached dormer bungalow with plenty of potential located in the suburb of Cannon Park, within walking distance to Warwick University, local shops and amenities at Cannon Park Shopping Centre. Ideally located close to commuter links for the local motorway creating great a..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a traditional three bedroom semi-detached home situated in the sought after location of Cannon Hill Road just off the Kenilworth Road , this property is ideally situated within easy reach of Warwick University, Coventry City Centre, Coventry Railway Station, go..."
"HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER PROPERTY WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO COVENTRY RAILWAY STATION, COVENTRY CITY CENTRE AND WAR MEMORIAL PARK. This beautifully presented and much improved spacious three bedroom semi-detached family home is conveniently positioned for all city living, within a stones thr..."
"*** SUPERB FOUR BEDROOM EXTENDED HOME IN SOUGHT AFTER ALLESLEY LOCATION *** With living room, open plan kitchen dining area, WC, Utility, family bathroom, three first floor bedrooms, second floor fourth bedroom with en suite. Large rear garden/patio, driveway to front. Must be viewed to appreciate."
"**BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, **LOFT CONVERSION POTENTIAL** HEAVILY EXTENDED FAMILY HOME**QUIET CUL DE SAC OFF BINLEY ROAD**GARAGE & MULTI-CAR DRIVEWAY**FOUR BEDROOMS & TWO SIZEABLE BATHROOMS** This is an exceptionally rare opportunity to purchase a spacious four bedroom semi-detached family home tuck..."
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a four bedroom, detached family home located in one of Coventry's most desirable areas. The location offers good local schools, shops and amenities, is just a short drive from the city centre and if offered with no onward chain. The accommodation compr..."
THREE BEDROOMS... BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME... SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION... CLOSE TO EARLSDON HIGH STREET & COVENTRY CITY CENTRE... GARAGE & PARKING TO REAR... TWO RECEPTION ROOMS... USEFUL LOFT ROOM... LARGER THAN AVERAGE KITCHEN DINING ROOM... UTILITY ROOM... GROUND FLOOR SHOWER ROOM / FIRST FLOOR BAT...
"PRIME LOCATION ~ 3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS ~ GARAGE ~ DETACHED - NO CHAIN Situated in the highly sought after area of Stivichall Grange in south Coventry, this very desirable property provides spacious family accommodation including 3 double Bedrooms, 3 reception rooms, as well as driveway and g..."
"A superbly spacious four bedroom semi-detached house situated on one of Coventry's most sought after roads. Exminster road is positioned on a large corner plot giving you the potential to add value and extend (subject to planning permission). The property is situated in a quiet road, wi..."
"An attractive city centre investment opportunity currently operating at around £40,000 p.a income."
"**Superb Investment Opportunity - 8 Double Bedrooms - 3 Bathrooms - 3 Storey - Spacious Rooms - Current Gross Yield Circa 7.2% - Huge Scope For Further Yield Increase - Prominent Corner Position - Current HMO Licence (Not Transferable)** Well known locally is this imposing, three storey end of t..."
"Set on quarter acre plot (approximately) in a rural location, but only approx. 1.5 miles from City Centre. The bungalow is in an enviable position at the end of a cul-de-sac."
"A fully refurbished, semi detached family home situated on a corner plot, boasting a separate one bedroom annex and no onward chain. Worcester Close is situated in the ever popular Allesley. A stones throw from Allesley Primary School, great access to the A45 and neighbouring Birmingham...."
"The Hornsea is a detached home with the bonus of an integral garage. It's got a good-sized living room with double doors leading into a bright open-plan kitchen/diner - perfect for family life and for entertaining. It's practical too with a utility, downstairs cloakroom and three storage cupboards."
* * * NO CHAIN - 20TH CENTURY EDWARDIAN HOUSE * * * Ideal for investment or a family home * * * Being offered to market a rare opportunity to purchase this beautiful characteristic semi detached property located in the ideal location of Brays Lane built in 1914. This extended property ...
"With four bedrooms and an en suite main bedroom, the Rossdale is perfect for growing families. Let us help you move with our 5% deposit match scheme.*"
Reeds Rains Coventry are pleased to offer with NO UPWARD CHAIN and immediate possession this superb investment opportunity in the City Centre within a minute walk of the Station and within ten minutes walk to the University. This could also be a traditional family purchase and offers many origin...
"Situated on the outskirts of the city is this deceptively spacious, detached three bedroom bungalow. The property offers great opportunity for further development and is located conveniently for access to Coventry City Centre, Rugby, Leamington and easy access to the A45 which is perfect for comm..."
"A superb opportunity to purchase this spacious three bedroom semi detached home on a great plot with great potential situated in the very popular area of Styvechale, within easy reach of St Thomas More primary school and local amenities on Dawlish Drive. Briefly, the accommodation compri..."
"****NO UPWARD CHAIN***** Six Bedroom detached property in Longford, close links to M6 / A444 / CBS Arena & Shopping Park, 2 reception rooms, modern kitchen, summer room, two bathrooms, cloakroom, garage, driveway to front, garden to rear "
"**OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN** A beautifully presented four-bedroom detached family home, located on a generous plot and in the highly sought-after area of Eastern Green. This property is ready to move into with the accommodation comprising of an entrance hallway with access t..."
"A superb four bedroom detached family home sitting on a very generous plot within easy access to local schools, Warwick University, shops and the motorway network. This beautiful property on the ground floor offers an entrance hallway with doors leading off to a spacious light & airy lo..."
Very sought after location just off the Baginton Road in the heart of Stivichall - a stones' throw from St Thomas More Primary School - walking distance to War Memorial Park - fantastic size rear garden with gated side access - extended three bedroom semi detached family home - off-road parking w...
Evans Estates are Proud to Present this Four Bedroom Edwardian Town House Situated in the Tree Lined Avenues. The property with it's many period features must be viewed to be fully appreciated. The property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified). The accommodati...
Is this your perfect family home? This modern and stylish detached home sits on a larger than average plot with a South facing garden and plenty of space over two floors. OFFERED TO THE MARKET WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN
A beautifully presented detached home with gated driveway parking. The property also has an attractive wood burning stove which not only provides an attractive centre piece to the room but a practical solution to the every increasing home energy prices.
"Situated in a pleasant cul-de-sac setting to the Eastern outskirts of the city, this immaculately presented five bedroom detached house represents ideal family accommodation and must be viewed internally to be fully appreciated. Only a few minutes drive from University Hospital as well as the M6,..."
This exclusive development is situated just off Middleborough Road in Coventry. **Show Home Launch Saturday 18th March- call NOW to secure your appointment!** *Other House Types Available*
The Trusdale offers spacious living ideal for families. Let us help you move with our mortgage contribution scheme.*
"AVAILABLE SPRING 2023 - A super three bedroom detached centred around a community orchard, our idyllic new development, Pippinfields, in Pickford Green provides a countryside escape, just five miles from Coventry. Pippinfields will feature a selection of luxurious two, three and four bed..."
"A LOVELY 1331.5SQFT EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH A DELIGHTFUL LARGE LANDSCAPED GARDEN. Arnold Avenue is firmly established as one of the most favoured locations in the city. It is close to the train station, War Memorial Park and within easy reach to Finham Park School The hous..."
"A superb detached family home sitting on a quiet corner plot. With open plan family kitchen, four bedrooms (one located to the ground floor so can be either office or fourth bedroom. Situated on the West side of the city with the train station at Tile Hill and The University of Warwick a short di..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a traditional three bedroom semi-detached family home WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN, situated in the sought after location of Cannon Hill Road just off the Kenilworth Road. This property is ideally situated within easy reach of Warwick University, Coventry City Centre, ..."
"The Scrivener is an attractive family home that boasts an OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS into rear garden, complete with an adjoining UTILITY ROOM, a front-facing living room, TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with EN SUITE to the master and modern family bathroom. GARAGE and DRIVE"
"***SAVE UP TO £18,100 on this home!!!***This home comes with over £11,500 worth of upgrades, including flooring!Plus, you can save another £6,600 with our 'BIG 3' offer on Home 86!Owning your dream home could become a reality when you pick one of 'The Big 3' offers! Simply reser..."
LAUNCH EVENT SATURDAY 11TH FEBRUARY FROM 11AM A handsome detached residence occupying a corner position and offering flexible accommodation. The home has been thoughtfully renovated and enhanced to include a one bedroom self contained annexe. Located close to great schools and amenities.
4 BEDROOMS & 2 BATHROOMS ~ LARGE SOUTH WEST FACING GARDEN ~ REAR KITCHEN/DINER ~ DRIVEWAY WITH 5 SPACES ~ REAR GARAGE
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire an extended, detached family home offering generous accommodation throughout and located in a cul-de-sac in the sought after area of Walsgrave. The property is just a short drive from University Hospital as well as the M6, M69, A46 and within walking distance to..."
"A rarely available detached family home, offering a wealth of potential to create a stunning family home. Ideally positioned for local schools and amenities and offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"A very rare opportunity to acquire a three storey end of terraced property situated within the heart of Earlsdon and offering flexible accommodation. The centrally heated and double glazed accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen, rear lobby and cloakroom. On the first f..."
"CHAIN FREE SALE - HUGE POTENTIAL - PRIME SOUTH COVENTRY A traditional semi detached home offered for sale in this highly desirable residential location, set nicely back form the main Leamington Road on a quiet service road. This property offers huge potential for modernisation and extens..."
"***OPEN HOUSE SATURDAY 4TH FEBRUARY***
Are you looking to create your perfect family home? This detached family home is nestled down a private road within this sought after Allesley Green location. Offered to the market with NO ONWARD chain and require modernisation throughout"
"Beautifully Presented Detached Family Home Situated Within A Sought After Setting Of Eastern Green. Tastefully Decorated & Highly Maintained Throughout. Accommodation Comprising Porch, Open Plan Kitchen/Dining, Large Living Room, Four Bedrooms, Two Bathrooms/W.C, Store, ORP & Delightful Rear Garden."
"**TAKE THE 3D VIRTUAL TOUR**Spacious Four Double Bedroom, Three Reception Room Detached Home** UP Estates are privileged to offer this immaculately presented & deceptively spacious detached family home with detached garage & driveway. Benefitting from a private south facing garden, separate offic..."
HR Estate Agents are pleased to present the sale of this stunning extended 5 bed property on London Road
Looking for a family home with no upward chain situated in a quiet location then look no further as this is your chance to acquire a three bedroom semi detached property with driveway. The Garden is amazing. Do not miss out! Call today!
"Purplebricks are pleased to bring to market this well-presented Detached Bungalow situated in the sought after residential area of Binley. On entering the property through the porch, you step into a bright hallway leading to a spacious lounge area and then out to the large conservatory. Also..."
A rare opportunity to acquire a three double bedroom semi-detached family home in one of Coventry’s most sought after streets within the popular and desirable suburb of Earlsdon
A lovely semi detached victorian style family home set on the edge of this most attractive village. Enjoying good sized private gardens with own private side driveway with plenty of parking. Old brick pig sty at the bottom of the garden suitable for renovation.
"FOR SALE BY INFORMAL TENDER Site Area- 0.18 acres (0.073 hectares) Allesley Garage, 244 Birmingham Road, Coventry CV5 9HD Freehold development site with full planning permission for the redevelopment of existing garage site to provide two residential dwellings both detached."
***POTENTIAL OF FIVE STUDIO ROOMS***
"This three bedroom semi detached property is situated in the popular residential area of Allesley and comes with a 150 foot garden and superb countryside views to the rear. The house is being sold with no onward chain. The property comprises hallway, front reception room and through loun..."
"Agreed are delighted to offer for sale this substantial four bedroom end of terrace house situated in the well sought after city of Coventry. The property is within walking distance of local schools and amenities. Offering four reception rooms and one bathroom, the property benefits from having g..."
"A well presented double bayed semi detached family home in highly sought after residential location within close proximity to good local schools and amenities. The property also benefits from central heating and double glazing. Briefly comprising; hallway, through lounge/dining room with feature ..."
"A great opportunity to purchase this three bedroom semi-detached family home located in the highly sought after area of Finham. The property is within walking distance of many local shops, amenities and is located within the Finham Park School catchment area, rated outstanding by Ofsted. The prop..."
The Trusdale offers spacious living ideal for families. Let us help you move!
"An extended four bedroom home. Comprising of; Kitchen, dining room, utility. Gas centrally heated and uPVC double glazing. Four bedrooms and bathroom to first floor. with master bedroom having en-suite. Gardens to front, side and rear. Direct access drive with ample parking and garage."
"Simply unique, this much loved and much improved property has seen a dramatic extension create an exemplary and incredibly versatile family home. The side and first floor extension has seen the property almost double in size with co-joined accommodation ideal for multi generational living. With f..."
"Situated with fine rural views to the rear, this delightful extended semi detached home offers three double bedrooms as well as a ground floor extension creating a kitchen dining room to the rear. With a block paved and gated driveway, landscaped rear gardens and a welcoming and bright entrance h..."
"A well presented and deceptively spacious traditional semi detached family home situated at the top end of Dillotford Avenue close to the junction with Daventry Road. The property is well placed for excellent amenities with nearby shops, Manor Park Primary School and within easy reach of the War ..."
"This spacious five-bedroom family home is situated in the sought-after area of Corbet Road, Daimler Green and is located within walking distance to Coventry City Centre and close to local amenities and the motorway network. this well-proportioned and improved property substantial accommodation th..."
Three Bedrooms Semi-Detached Property Close To Tile Hill Station Large Conservatory Two Bathroom sDriveway
**LUXURY INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** Great Opportunity To Purchase This Stunning Large Luxury 5 Bedroom with 5 x En-suites and a full licensed HMO Property Located Within Walking Distance To Coventry University & The City Centre. The property has been designed to create the perfe...
"Stunning four bedroom detached family home on the entrance to the Swallows Nest development, off Browns Lane, Allesley - beautiful show home decoration throughout - home office - kitchen / diner - utility - lounge - guest cloakroom - absolutely immaculate rear garden - driveway & garage - en-suit..."
"Marjorie Way is a large and lovely four bedroom home which ticks all the boxes for the growing family. Having an en-suite master bedroom to escape to, a spacious garden and a wealth of living accommodation, what more could you possibly need? Better still this fantastic home is set in a desirable ..."
"A lovely three bedroom semi-detached house situated on one of Coventry's most sought after roads, within easy reach of Coventry City Centre, Leamington and Kenilworth. This home is situated in great school catchments making this a wonderful prospect for a family. The property also benefits from a..."
"Extended detached family home situated in a popular residential area in Coventry, with easy to local amenities and the Motorway network."
An executive detached family dwelling situated within a sought after cul-de-sac development of Longford. Tastefully decorated and highly maintained throughout yet served with an abundance of local amenities including close proximity to the Coventry Building Society Arena (Ricoh) & M6 motorway lin...
"Modern Detached House ~ Three Bedrooms ~ Poplar Location ~ No Chain ~ Excellent Decorative Condition This detached family home he's offered for sale in this popular development, built approximately 25 years ago by Bryant Homes. This particular property occupies a very desirable position ..."
"Nestled in a peaceful cul-de-sac, set back off Dorchester Way and set on a fabulous plot, Sturminster Close is a perfectly proportioned detached home, with bags of style, a natural flow and a garden setting to match the beauty of the woodland, open greens and trails that surround this home. It's ..."
A stunning detached family home arranged over three floors built in 2000 and located in the highly sought after area of Eastern Green - large driveway providing ample off-road parking - en-suite to large master bedroom - 3 spacious double bedrooms - utility and downstairs WC - modern kitchen - ex...
"Viewing is essential to fully appreciate this immaculately presented link semi detached family home in the highly sought after location of Styvechale, being convenient for good schools and key road networks including the A45 and A46. There is a large entrance hall, large modern open plan kitchen..."
"The Sawyer has THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS with EN SUITE to the master bedroom and modern family bathroom serves the others. A spacious OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area ideal for entertaining with FRENCH DOORS to the garden. Separate living room and INTEGRAL GARAGE complete this family home."
"The Monkford offers spacious living, ideal for growing families. Let us help you move with our energy bills contribution scheme.*"
"A well presented four bedroom semi detached family home, situated in the sought after area of Eastern Green within close proximity to primary and secondary schools, local shop amenities, bus routes into Coventry City Centre, access to A45 providing easy access to Birmingham international Airport."
"***LUXURY 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE WITH SOLAR PANELS, HOME CINEMA & SOUTH FACING FRONTAGE*** on the desirable South West side suburb of the City boasting exceptional Amenities. A befitting family Home presented to a Show Home standard.***Contact Jay at MAISON Estates***"
"Envisage are pleased to offer this extended 6 bedroom all en-suite HMO investment property in Earlsdon. the property comprises a modern fitted kitchen with open plan communal area, 6 ensuite bedrooms, currently tenanted, to arrange a viewing please call Envisage on . EPC RATING C "
"Guide Price Range £365,000 - £380,000 | 3 Bedroom Semi-Detached | Driveway for Three Cars | Generous Rear Garden (Approx. 240 ft) | Potential to Extend (STPP) | Recently Refurbished Bathroom | Sought After Location of Millisons Wood | Semi Rural Locati..."
"Wilsons are delighted to offer for sale this five bedroom terraced property which is situated in the heart of Earlsdon. This property is ideally suited for a House of Multiple occupancy and has been refurbished with this in mind. The accommodation affords; stunning entrance hallway, two ..."
"**DETACHED THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME**SOUGHT AFTER MORRISONS ESTATE**WC, ENSUITE & BATHROOM**GARAGE CONVERSION PART OFFICE & STORAGE** This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a detached three double bedroom home on the sought after Morrisons Estate. Briefly comprising; driveway, front ..."
"Reeds Rains Coventry are pleased to offer to the market this IMMACULATELY PRESENTED DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS RECENTLY REFURBISHED MODERNISED THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW. Located in this very sought after road in Binley Woods benefits include a Gas Central Heating System with a New Boiler, D..."
"AN O'FLANAGAN HOME BACK ON TO THE MARKET, SPACIOUS END OF TERRACE TOWN HOUSE CLOSE TO THE CITY CENTRE, SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES. This beautiful property is conveniently positioned to Bablake School, Coventry train station and the motorway network. The ground floor offers an entrance hall..."
5 Bedroom Detached | Generous Living Room| Open Plan Kitchen / Diner | Downstairs W/C | Generous Driveway | Quiet Peaceful Location | Master Bedroom with En-Suite | Loft Conversion with Shower Room | Immaculately Presented | EPC Expired & Reorde...
**NO CHAIN **DETACHED **FOUR BEDROOMS **OPEN PLAN LIVING **HIGH SPECIFICATION **PRIVATE ROAD** Benburys are excited to bring to market this delightful three/four bedroom detached property. Nestled at the end of a private road which is situated in the popular area of Stoke. The property in brief c...
"AN IMMACULATE FAMILY HOME IN THE SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION OF CHAPELFIELDS AVAILABLE WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN. This fantastic five bedroom detached property is conveniently located to local shops, transport links & schools. With great access links to the A45 (Birmingham) & A4114 (Coventry City C..."
"An immaculately presented extended and much improved three bedroom semi detached located in this much sought after area. This wonderful family home which benefits from Gas Central Heating and Double Glazing offers, Entrance Porch, Entrance Hall, Living Room, Extended Dining/Family Room, Fitted Ki..."
Stunning Fully Refurbished Terraced Home With Views Over Allotments To Rear - 3 Bedrooms - Lounge - Stunning Kitchen / Diner - Beautiful Bathroom - No Chain - CHECK OUT MY FLOOR PLAN AND CALL Today 
A post war three bed semi detached family home situated in this popular and convenient location within Styvechale. The property is well placed for local amenities with nearby shops and access to nearby St Thomas Moore Catholic Primary School and Roman Catholic Church. The property is offered for ...
"A considerably extended, double bayed semi-detached home occupying a superior edge of the city location, close to glorious open countryside. This very sizeable home offers huge potential and would benefit from some redecoration and updating in parts, however the property does feature the opportun..."
"An extended, semi-detached family home boasting over 2,500 sq ft of accommodation spanning three floors. The property is located in the popular area of Radford and is offered with no onward chain. The property comprises an entrance porch, entrance hallway with stairs rising to the first ..."
"**DOUBLE STOREY EXTENDED FAMILY HOME**TWO/THREE RECEPTION ROOMS**THREE/FOUR SPACIOUS DOUBLE BEDROOMS!!!** This immaculately presented detached family home is now available for purchase, very briefly comprising; multi-car driveway, entrance hall, impressively sized family lounge/diner, office/stud..."
A simply stunning family home. Extended to create superb living space for a modern family crowned by the stunning kitchen diner with vaulted ceiling and island
A rare opportunity to purchase this spacious family home located in this highly sought after Crescent. Located in Finham catchment and offered to the market with no onward chain
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this superior, extended five bedroom end terraced family home, situated in the highly popular area of Coundon. The property offers over 1800 Sq. Ft of living space with light and airy rooms throughout and sits on a superb plot. Oakfield Road lies with..."
"Fully extended Six bedroom six ensuite HMO Terraced house comes fully furnished, Located in the middle Stoke area of Coventry. Receiving approximately £36,000 per year in rent. **NO CHAIN**"
"Excellent four bedroom detached family home - prominent corner plot position - located on the popular Swallows Nest Development off Browns Lane, Allesley - kitchen / diner - separate study/playroom - spacious lounge - en-suite to master bedroom - rear driveway & garage - guest cloakroom - immacul..."
No summary available.
"**BRAND NEW DEVELOPMENT**SHOW HOME AVAILABLE TO VIEW**Thoughtfully designed and crafted for modern living, the Hallam is a four bedroom detached family home, enveloped in light and space, this really could be the perfect new home and lifestyle you have been looking for. The impressive Kitchen/ Di..."
Discover the stunning HALLAM with a SHOWHOME AVAILABLE TO VIEW and FLOORING throughout * Spacious living throughout * Stylish open plan kitchen dining family  * En suite & wardrobes to master bedroom * Separate utility area * Inviting living area * Family bathroom with separate shower en...
FOR SALE BY AUCTION: Terms and conditions apply. We are please to offer to auction this three storey property which briefly comprises of a ground floor retail unit / garage with a three bedroom accommodation across the first and second floor. This property is well located within easy rea...
"** Unexpectantly back on the market ** **Planning granted for loft conversion** An updated, extended and well positioned link semi-detached house situated on the western outskirts of Coventry in Eastern Green, a well respected and sought after residential suburb with good schools and..."
"An extended linked semi-detached family home situated in this convenient residential location within Styvechale. The property is found close to nearby amenities including regular buses, local primary school and access to the A45 dual carriageway linking the motorway network. The property benefits..."
"Having no onward chain... A good sized three-bedroom semi-detached home situated in a popular location to the South side of the city. Comprising: Hall, Extended Lounge, spacious Kitchen, cloaks, Three good sized bedrooms, family bathroom, separate WC, Garage and good-sized rear gardens. UPVC doub..."
"**Sought After Daventry Road**Traditional Bay Fronted, Halls Together Semi-Detached Home**Driveway & Lengthy Garage**Stunning Private Garden** This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a well presented three bedroom semi-detached home on the sought after Daventry Road close to a wide range of a..."
"The Sawyer has THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS with EN SUITE to the master bedroom and modern family bathroom serves the others. A spacious OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area ideal for entertaining with FRENCH DOORS to the garden. "
"Prominence Estates are proud to present this fantastic double fronted and deceptively spacious semi detached four bedroom home that has undergone a major refurbishment throughout incuding a large newly fitted modern kitchen. Located in a highly sought after location convenient for great schools, ..."
"A modern four bedroom extended semi detached set over three floors, situated in the highly sought after location of Finham. Within close proximity to Finham Park School and local shops and amenities this home would be ideal for a family looking to move into the area. The ground floor of..."
"A superb opportunity to purchase this spacious three bedroom semi detached home on a great plot, with great potential, situated in the very popular area of Styvechale Grange, within easy reach of both Grange Farm and Stivichall primary schools and good local amenities. Briefly, the accom..."
"A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME WITHIN THE CATCHMENT AREA FOR PRESIDENT KENNEDY ACADEMY AND COUNDON COURT SCHOOL. This is a fabulous opportunity to acquire a four bedroom detached house in the sought after location of Greens Road, Keresley. The property has been very well maintained having g..."
"A Good size Three Bedroom Detached house situated in the popular semi-rural Location. With Lounge, Extended Kitchen/Diner, Three First Floor Bedrooms, Fitted First Floor Bathroom. Front and Rear Gardens. Direct access to garage with ample off-road parking/drive, Gas central heating & UPVC double ..."
A much improved and extended end of terrace home located on the popular Rugby Road. The property benefits from the addition of a ground floor extension creating a fourth bedroom/study. The presentation throughout is impressive and would ideally suit anyone looking for a home ready to move into.
"OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN! Shortland Horne are delighted to offer for sale this superior detached, corner plot home that has been tastefully decorated and has a wonderful living space with a bright, stylish and contemporary feel. The accommodation comprises of an entrance hal..."
Spacious Designed Home ~ Three Bedrooms ~ Popular Location ~ Sold with No Chain A spacious semi- detached house located in one of Coventry‘s most sought-after residential locations. Found on the aspirational south side of the city within the popular district of Stivichall served by excel...
"Fully extended Six bedroom six ensuite HMO Terraced house comes fully furnished, Located in the middle Stoke area of Coventry. Receiving approximately £32,400 per year in rent. **NO CHAIN**"
"Envisage are delighted to offer this well presented and versatile five bedroom, detached dormer bungalow in a very popular area. The ground floor is comprised of the entrance hallway 3 good sized bedrooms, a lounge, a main fitted kitchen there is also a secondary kitchen / utility area, a wet roo..."
A beautifully presented two bedroom detached dormer bungalow set in the fantastic location of Allesley Village with great links to Coventry and Birmingham. The home has spacious accommodation throughout with a refitted kitchen with plenty of work surfaces and beautiful modern bathrooms....
*** CORNER PLOT*** NO CHAIN*** Bairstow Eves are pleased to present a semi-detached bungalow situated on the popular Styvechale Grange estate wih huge potential to extend. The property is conveniently located for a range of local amenities as well as being within easy access of the City Cen...
Situated in a semi rural location on the outskirts of Coventry this individual 2/3 bedroom Detached Dormer Bungalow is offered for sale with no chain. The property benefits from LPG gas fired central heating and double glazing and with plenty of off street parking. 
"**SPACIOUS FAMILY LIVING**THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS**THREE RECEPTION ROOMS**VIEWS OVER OPEN FIELDS**A very nicely presented extended detached family home with accommodation in brief comprising: Entrance Porch, WC, lounge, separate dining room, sitting room, fitted kitchen, utility room. On the first ..."
A Stunning Period Terraced Home Set In The Heart Of Earlsdon - Gorgeous Kitchen / Diner - Lovely Lounge - Ground Floor WC - 3 Double Bedrooms - AMAZING FAMILY BATHROOM - En-Suite - Gardens To Front And Rear - Gas Central Heating - UPVC Double Glazing - CHECK OUT MY FLOOR PLAN - Call Today
The Monkford is a four bedroom detached home ideal for families moving up the property ladder
The three bedroom detached Amersham is ideal for those moving up the property ladder
"A beautifully appointed modern detached family home occupying an excellent corner location, within this much sought after development. Decorated to an exceptional standard, this very appealing home really must be viewed, has both gas heating and double glazing together with a broad block paved fr..."
"** FREEHOLD! ** Beautifully Presented, Executive Detached Family Home Situated Within A Sought After Development Of Weavers Wharf Little Heath. Tastefully Decorated, Highly Maintained Throughout With Heaps Of Local Amenities Including the CBS Arena (Ricoh) and M6 Motorway links."
"The Earlswood features an open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading into the garden, a handy utility room and a front-aspect living room, plus under-stairs storage and a WC. The first floor has three bedrooms and the main family bathroom. The top floor is home to an en suite bedroom."
Three bedroom double bayed semi detached family home is situated in the popular residential area of Finham within the Finham Park school catchment. ** NO UPWARD CHAIN **
**SPACIOUS CORNER PLOT**TWO LARGE RECEPTION ROOMS**WC & BATHROOM**GARAGE & DRIVEWAY**RECENTLY FITTED KITCHEN**OVERLOOKING GREEN** This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a spacious three bedroom semi-detached extended home on a corner plot overlooking green to front. This property very briefl...
"Reeds Rains Coventry are delighted to offer with NO UPWARD CHAIN AND IMMEDIATE POSSESSION this much improved and modernised family home with separate annexe next to President Kennedy School. This fabulous home offers Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Dining Kitchen, Sitting Room, Three Bedrooms and a Ba..."
EXTENDED & MUCH IMPROVED FAMILY HOME / THREE BEDROOMS / REFITTED MODERN KITCHEN WITH APPLIANCES / TWO RECEPTION ROOMS / FITTED FAMILY BATHROOM / POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION / VIEWS OVER COUNTRYSIDE TO REAR / DRIVEWAY FOR SEVERAL VEHICLES / REAR GARDEN WITH REAR VEHICULAR ACCESS / CLOSE TO LOCAL ...
"A superbly presented four bedroom semi-detached family home, which has been completely renovated and extended by the current owners to provide comfortable and spacious modern living and Offered with no upward chain. This beautiful bungalow is positioned in the ever so popular area of All..."
"**CHECK OUT THE FLOORPLAN**EXTENDED KITCHEN DINER**GATED CARPORT, WORKSHOP AND OFFICE** Up Estates are excited to be marketing this well presented and extended three bedroom semi detached property on Handsworth Crescent, just off Broad Lane. Benefiting from an open plan Kitchen/Dining/Snug extens..."
"**** Attention Investors **** Shortland Horne Estate Agents are pleased to present this lovely six bedroom property which has been used has a guest house but can easily be converted in to a HMO, it has also been extended to make an extra two bedrooms. The property is situated in the City Cen..."
"This four bedroom detached family home is located on the east side of the City just off London Road, being perfectly positioned for access to Jaguar Land Rover, the City Centre & motorway networks. **INTERNAL INSPECTION IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED**"
"Life Investments are pleased to market this detached three bedroom property that is situated in one of the most desirable locations of the extremely popular Bannerbrook Estate.This property is in great original condition, occupies a desirable corner plot and is FOR SALE WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN!"
"This fabulous residence will thrill house hunters who appreciate modern design and crave space and privacy. We're obsessed with every room: it's warm, comfortable, and sociable all at the same time. Extending almost 1500 sq. ft, it ticks every box for even the most particular of families having a..."
"Beautifully presented throughout with three excellent bedrooms, two living rooms, a spacious refitted kitchen and a separate utility and cloakroom, this ideal family home sits within Finham Park catchment as well as being within easy reach of the train station and local schools."
A semi-detached family home located in the heart of popular Allesley Park close to local amenities and ideal for a growing family who are looking to upsize.
"Very spacious and extended three storey modern town house INVESTMENT PROPERTY within easy walking distance of City Centre, Coventry University and Railway Station. Well presented with central heating and double glazing. Currently let out until August 2023 at £1600 pcm."
"**NO CHAIN - Spacious Semi Detached - Three Bedrooms - WC Downstairs - Close Proximity To Warwick University** Superb opportunity to acquire this spacious family home, which offers flexible living accommodation that would suit an owner occupier, or equally offers an excellent investment opportun..."
"A conveniently located traditional halls together semi detached family home offered for sale with immediate vacant possession with no further chain. The property is ideally placed within easy walking distance of Daventry Road Shopping Parade as well as being close to regular bus services, Manor P..."
"A FABULOUS FAMILY HOME WITH ENORMOUS POTENTIAL TO ADD YOUR OWN CHARACTER!! This unique opportunity to purchase this beautiful three bedroom semi detached property situated in the highly popular area of Coundon which has so much potential, sitting on a superb plot. Briefly the downstairs..."
"**HIGH SPECIFICATION**RENOVATED THROUGHOUT**FOUR BEDROOMS, TWO BATHROOMS** Tucked away in a quiet cul de sac is this immaculately presented, recently renovated detached bungalow. Very briefly comprising; front lawn, driveway, garage with electric, entrance hall, open plan lounge/kitchen/diner, be..."
"An extended, substantial, traditional double stone bayed family home situated on this highly regarded road, enjoying stunning views over Lake View Park and the River Sherbourne, an ideal location for dog owners or those who love outdoor space. The property is well placed for a variety of local am..."
"**Sought After Location **Traditional Bay Fronted, Semi-Detached Home**Driveway for many cars & Garage used as versatile accommodation ** This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a well presented three bedroom semi-detached home in a quiet cul-de-sac close to a wide range of amenities. Ve..."
A rare opportunity to purchase this outstanding investment property located within easy reach of the city centre. With SIX en-suite rooms and NO ONWARD CHAIN. Sold with vacant possession
"DETACHED HOUSE - THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS - CLOSE TO UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL - MUST BE VIEWED This detached house has come to market with three double bedrooms with the main bedroom having the benefit of an ensuite. The property is a good decorative order, and has both central heating and doubl..."
"Nestled in this highly sought after Stivichall cul de sac is this superb family home. The property has been well maintained throughout and offers plenty of space and potential, along with a generous South facing garden"
"Set back off Terry Road, nestled amongst a small row of homes along a private pathway, this substanital property boasts almost 1300 sq. ft. of living space, is well decorated and is a perfect investment opportunity. The property is a stones throw from the Coventry University Campus making this a ..."
"*INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY* This Stunning Newly Developed 5 Bedroom En-suite Property Is Available For Sale Within Walking Distance to Coventry City Centre & The University. The design of this property has been created to incorporate all the qualities of comfort, space and individ..."
"A WELL PRESENTED FIVE BEDROOM PROPERTY ALL WITH EN-SUITES, SITUATED IN A VERY DESIRABLE AREA IN COVENTRY, CLOSE TO WARWICK UNIVERSITY AND LINKS TO BIRMINGHAM. Freeburn Causeway is situated in Canley, close to Canley Train Station for daily commuters and within easy walking distance of ..."
"This beautifully presented and extended end of terraced property requires a full internal inspection to be fully appreciated. The property is situated within the popular location of Eastern Green, with easy access to good local schools, the A45 and motorway network. The entrance hallway leads to ..."
"~ No Onward Chain! ~
An attractive 6 bedroom semi-detached, situated in the heart of Whitmore Park. Double storey side extension with ground floor living annexe and off road parking "
A fully refurbished turn key home located in this highly sought after location. Presented in immaculate order and priced to sell
"UNIQUE INVESTMENT , A VERY RARE OPPORTUNITY TO ACQUIRE A FREEHOLD BUILDING IN THE HEART OF DOWN TOWN CANLEY:
The building consists of 3 x self contained flats currently rented out to a mixture of students and professionals. The rear of the existing building could be extended to add additional ac..."
"A LOVELY EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH A FULL WIDTH REAR EXTENSION WITH A NEWLY FITTED ROOF, IN THE SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION OF FINHAM. OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN. Woodside Avenue South is a very popular location which is close to Coventry train station, The War Memori..."
Plots 1 & 2 are a pair of semi-detached 4 bedroom eco efficient family homes set in the Charlesworth Gardens development off Job's Lane in the Tile Hill area of west Coventry. 1076sqf This beautiful 4 bedroom family home comprises of 2 x double bedrooms and 2 x single bedrooms. 
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a spacious, extended three bedroom semi detached family home, situated in the highly desirable area of Allesley. An ideal and convenient family location, Pangfield Park is situated to the west of the City and is within short walking distance of the pop..."
"Three bedroomed detached home overlooking Green to the front with new roof, guttering & facias 2021, New boiler 2020 new fitted kitchen 2021 and new shower room 2021. Comprising: Porch, cloaks with WC, lounge, dining room, kitchen, three bedrooms and shower room to the first floor and rear access..."
*** Check Out the Video Tour *** Fantastic Family Home *** Four Bedrooms… Extended … Two Reception Rooms… Downstairs Cloakroom… Modern Kitchen… Off Road Parking…Utility Area…Fabulous Sized Rear Garden… Great Further Potential *** We’re absolutely delighted to bring this spacious and very well mai...
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a well-presented three bedroom, semi detached family home. Sat on a fantastic plot in a very desirable location in Eastern Green. Farcroft Avenue is situated to the west side of the city and within easy reach of both the city centre and the A45, it als..."
"The four bedroom Lydford boasts a wealth of space, ideal for young families. Let us help you move with our tailored incentives.*"
"The four bedroom Lydford boasts a wealth of space, ideal for young families. Let us help you move with our offers available.*"
Fantastic Family Home ~ Attractive Rear Garden ~ Extended Dining Room ~ Excellent Local Schools A traditional double bayed semi-detached home found in one of the city's most sought-after locations. With excellent schools close by and huge potential for further extension this property wou...
"Show Home Investor Opportunity!!!View Today - No appointment necessaryGuaranteed £25,200 cash back on completion or £1,400 monthly rent for 18 months with a rolling contract after offered after this timeOver £50,000 of show home upgrades includedLandscaped back gardenInterior design..."
"A Three Bedroom detached property located in a popular location. Compromising Hallway, Lounge, Kitchen, Three first floor bedrooms and bathroom, ground level WC, a Garage, Front and Rear gardens with pedestrian access to the rear. UPVC double glazed windows and gas centrally heated radiators. Vac..."
"A modern, extended and spacious four bedroom townhouse situated on the outskirts of the city and occupying a desirable cul-de-sac location. The centrally heated and double glazed accommodation is arranged over three floors and briefly comprises; entrance hallway, cloakroom, fitted kitchen/dining ..."
"Set in this peaceful desirable location. You will need to act quickly if you do not wish to miss out on this family home that offers versatile accommodation. Offering no chain, Bairstow Eves are delighted to bring this property to the market. We know you will love this semi-detach..."
"This four bedroom, detached family home offers generous accommodation throughout and is located in the sought after residential area of Longford. The accommodation on the ground floor comprises an entrance hallway, a lounge, a recently fitted kitchen with integrated appliances and side ..."
**MATURE GARDENS**FIELD VIEWS TO THE FRONT**LOVELY BUNGALOW IN A SEMI-RURAL LOCATION** This detached bungalow is situated in the suburban Village of Ash Green in the Nuneaton and Bedworth district of Warwickshire. The Bungalow its self is situated on a quiet Lane with panoramic field views to the...
"*INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY* GLB Are pleased to market another fantastic luxury 5 bedroom HMO property, please be quick to avoid disappointment. This Stunning 5 Bedroom En-suite Property is Perfect As Coventry City Centre Is ONLY a 15 Minute walk! The property is designed t..."
"SEMI DETACHED HOUSE - EXTENDED ACCOMMODATION - FIVE BEDROOMS - NO ONWARD CHAIN - MUST BE VIEWED This much improved and extended semi detached house, in a great location close to lots of local amenities is offered with no onward chain. The property would be perfect for both buy to let inv..."
"**NO ONWARDS CHAIN**TWO BATHROOMS** A well-presented three/four bedroom semi-detached extended dormer bungalow located in a quiet cul-de-sac in the highly desirable area of Eastern Green. The area boasts walking distance of local convenience shops, Unicorn pub, and Park Hill Primary School. Ea..."
"This beautifully presented, semi-detached family home has been lovely maintained by the current owners and is located on the outskirts of the city in a highly sought after area. The property has accommodation over three floors with the ground floor comprising an entrance hallway with ac..."
"Jubilee Green is an exclusive development of just 40 new homes, boasting an ideal location around a 10-minute drive from Coventry. The Thespian features TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS with EN SUITE to the master. An OPEN PLAN kitchen / dining area plus separate living room with BAY WINDOW. "
"Situated in the popular area of Green Lane within easy reach of the local shops and amenities and in the catchment area for Finham School. This three bedroom semi-detached family home features, Entrance hall, 23ft Lounge/diner, conservatory, fitted kitchen, downstairs WC, three bedrooms and famil..."
"Extended Three Bedroom Semi-Detached Property. Situated in a sought-after Village location. Close to local amenities and major motorway links. Comprising of: Spacious Lounge with Dining area, Siting Room, Fitted Kitchen, Utility and Cloakroom. uPVC double glazed and Gas centrally heated. Three B..."
This double fronted four bedroomed detached house has been immaculately maintained and is to be sold with no chain. The property has been owned from new in 2012 and is of a well planned four bedroomed design occupying a pleasant position on the edge of a modern development and must be viewed inte...
"The three bedroom detached Easedale has been designed with flexible living in mind, with French doors from the lounge to the rear garden"
"A super three bedroom semi detached centred around a community orchard, our idyllic new development, Pippinfields, in Pickford Green provides a countryside escape, just five miles from Coventry. Pippinfields will feature a selection of luxurious two, three and four bedroom homes, along w..."
"**DOUBLE STOREY EXTENSION TO THE REAR**TWO RECEPTION ROOMS**KITCHEN DINER**UTILITY**EXTENDED BATHROOM**GARAGE**DRIVEWAY** This extended semi detached family home has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (a specified). The accommodation comprises of a hallway, lounge, family roo..."
"A three bedroomed semi-detached home situated in the popular village location of Binley Woods. Briefly comprising Hall, lounge, kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom and separate WC. Gardens to the front & rear and direct access drive leading to the garage."
"Guide Price Range £330,000 - £340,000 | 4 Bedroom Semi-Detached | An Ideal Location For Families with Schooling & Local Amenities on the Doorstep | Garage | Modern Kitchen & Bathrooms | Master Bedroom with En-Suite | Double glazed PVC-U | Travel Lin..."
"A superb opportunity has arisen to purchase this wonderful family home, nestled down a private road in a quiet cul-de-sac location.. The property is located in the popular area of Exhall, just off Coventry Road. Superb transporting links, schooling and local amenities add further benefits to view..."
"The Clayton features a stunning open-plan kitchen diner and an equally impressive living room. A utility room, WC and storage cupboard(s) make this home practical as well as stylish. Upstairs you will find three bedrooms, a large bedroom one with an en suite, a bathroom and a handy storage cupboard."
"This homes comes with an upgraded kitchen & bathrooms worth £3,000 PLUS, you can save a further £5,000 with our 'BIG 3' offer. - Find out more below!Home 204 comes with an upgraded kitchen with integrated appliances (dishwasher, washing machine & fridge freezer), an upgraded ..."
"An extended three bedroom semi detached property with plenty of potential set on a super corner plot conveniently positioned within walking to all the local amenities on Daventry Road and very close to the train station, Coventry city centre and the Memorial Park. The property also comes with the..."
An individual modern detached bungalow offering easily maintainable accommodation and situated in the heart of Baginton Village with a delightful aspect to the front overlooking Lucy Price playing field. Baginton village is situated on the southern outskirts of the City and is well served by loca...
"An excellent opportunity for a buy to let investor to acquire this end of terrace HMO property occupying a prominent corner position within this popular and convenient location and currently generating £22,880 rental yield including bills. The centrally heated and double glazed accommodation, whi..."
"A FANTASTIC CHAIN FREE FOUR BEDROOM TERRACE PROPERTY WITH STUNNING KITCHEN/DINER SET IN FINHAM PARK SCHOOL CATCHMENT CLOSE TO JAGUAR LANDROVER & THE MOTORWAY NETWORK. This four bedroom mid terrace family home which is situated in the highly sought after location of Anchorway Road, Finham..."
This three bedroomed detached property sits in a prominent position with open fields to the side. The property benefits from UPVC double glazing and gas fired central heating.
"Conveniently situated within walking distance of Coventry City Centre and Coventry University this mid terrace property benefits central heating, double glazing and a burglar alarm system."
"* * * NO CHAIN - CLOSE TO WARWICK UNIVERSITY * * * Leaders are delighted to bring to the market this stunning 4 bedroom house available. Situated in the ever popular Canley area, this property is ideally located just a stone's throw away from Warwick University. This proper..."
"An impressive four bedroom detached family home located in the highly desirable residential area of Eastern Green and situated in a cul-de-sac location. The property boasts generous accommodation throughout and comprises entrance hallway, lounge, dining room leading into a fitted kitchen..."
Situated in a popular residential suburb of Coventry less than one mile from the city centre this property comprises a superb investment opportunity. The property was formally a post office with spacious living accommodation above that was converted a number of years ago. 
"Archer Bassett is proud to present a well-proportioned, superbly presented & recently constructed four bedroom detached family home which is within walking distance to local green belt and local amenities and comes with double glazing & central heating throughout. From the entrance hall is a grou..."
"* * * NO CHAIN - CLOSE TO WARWICK UNIVERSITY * * * Leaders are delighted to bring to the market this stunning 4 bedroom house. Situated in the ever popular Canley area, this property is ideally located just a stone's throw away from Warwick University. This property is currently..."
Welcome to your sweet home! This absolutely beautiful home sits on a pretty and peaceful close on this much loved 'Morrsons Estate' Development in Binley. The light-filled interiors are calm and quiet and the garden is a beautiful sanctuary to enjoy and soak up the sun. What a home!
"The Lockwood Corner features a stunning open-plan kitchen/diner and an impressive living room with French doors opening into the garden. A utility room, WC and storage cupboard make it practical as well as stylish. Upstairs are three bedrooms - one is en suite - a family bathroom and more storage."
*** YOU MUST BE AN INVESTOR BUYER TO ENQUIRE ABOUT THIS PROPERTY - NOT AVAILABLE TO FIRST TIME BUYERS *** Landlord to Landlord Service - GetAnOffer are looking for LANDLORDS to purchase this home which is currently RENTED producing an income. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property fo...
FIVE LETTABLE ROOMS... ACHIEVING OVER £2000 PCM... BASED OVER THREE FLOORS... CLOSE TO COVENTRY UNIVERSITY... GREAT INVESTMENT... SECURE ACCESS... CLOSE TO COVENTRY CITY CENTRE. Call us now to book your viewing at Kilby Mews. A purpose built secure development set in the heart of Stoke and next...
"A beautifully presented link detached family home, situated on an ample sized plot within a sought after setting of Allesley Park. Tastefully decorated and highly maintained throughout. This is one property not to be missed! Book your appointment online now!"
"SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME SET ON A VERY GENEROUS PLOT WITHIN EASY REACH OF GOOD LOCAL SCHOOLS AND OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN!! This lovely three bedroom semi-detached property is positioned in the sought after location of Bennett's road south, Keresley and is within walking distance to shop..."
"This stunning house offers the perfect balance of space, style, and comfort. As you step into the property, you will be welcomed into the living room off of the hallway that leads to the heart of the home. The property features a beautifully designed study where the garage once was ..."
"A traditional terraced home, located only a short walk from the Coventry War Memorial Park and Earlsdon High Street. The property offers excellent potential and is sold with no chain. The flexible accommodation briefly offers; a separate lounge with a bay window to the front, a spacious kitchen /..."
"Detached family home in need of some modernisation throughout the property and is located within the residential area of Walsgrave, within easy access to the University Hospital, & local motorway network"
"An opportunity to purchase a unique home, which has been recently improved but still with huge potential for further development subject to necessary planning permission."
"FIVE BEDROOMS... BASED OVER THREE FLOORS... CLOSE TO CITY CENTRE... CAN BE BOUGHT VACANT OR TENANTED... CURRENTLY TENANTED AT CIRCA £2,000PCM... NO UPWARD CHAIN... GARAGE & OFF ROAD PARKING. Located alongside Coventry Canal, this lovely five bedroom property really does need to be viewed to app..."
 ATTENTION INVESTORS : Close to Warwick University - available for sale with tenants in situ - Very safe investment - beat the Article 4 deadline !!!
"*** INCENTIVES AVAILABLE*** READY TO MOVE IN FOR SPRING 2023 - A super three bedroom semi detached centred around a community orchard, our idyllic new development, Pippinfields, in Pickford Green provides a countryside escape, just five miles from Coventry. Pippinfields will feature a se..."
"AVAILABLE SPRING 2023 - A super three bedroom semi detached centred around a community orchard, our idyllic new development, Pippinfields, in Pickford Green provides a countryside escape, just five miles from Coventry. Pippinfields will feature a selection of luxurious two, three and fou..."
ONLY ONE REMAINING ... Sycamore Place - A modern collection of twelve 3 and 4 Bedroom Townhouses. Help to Buy available and Occupation March 2021 - saving Stamp duty!
"An Immaculate three bedroom semi detached property ideal for a first time buyer or investor, the property is positioned in the popular village of Baginton. Baginton offers fantastic facilities including a village hall, eateries and public houses. The property is conveniently located for easy acce..."
LOOKING FOR THE PERFECT INVESTMENT?
"This stylish and well presented four bedroom mid terrace townhouse is available for purchase immediately, offering spacious accommodation over three floors. Being within close distance major transport links such as the M6, A444 & M69 whilst being in fair distance to the University Hospital. These..."
"**Fantastic fully licensed HMO investment opportunity** Five bedrooms, three bathrooms, HMO semi-detached located in Canley near Warwick University **NO CHAIN**"
"**DETACHED FAMILY HOME**THREE GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS**WC & FAMILY BATHROOM**GARAGE & DRIVEWAY**FRONT & REAR GARDENS** Situated on the sought after Chard Road in Binley is this beautifully presented, detached family home. Briefly comprising; front lawn, multi-car driveway leading to garage, entrance ..."
"Situated along this tree lined residential road, this imposing double circular bayed three bedroomed detached house offers well planned family accommodation. There is gas central heating and uPVC double glazing and must be viewed internally to be fully appreciated. To be sold with no chain the pr..."
"**ATTENTION INVESTORS OR FIRST TIME BUYERS, A LOVELY FOUR BEDROOM PROPERTY SET OVER THREE FLOORS WITHIN EASY ACCESS TO WARWICK UNIVERSITY WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN** This very well presented end terraced town house, close to local shops, schools and the motorway network. The ground floor ..."
"SAVE UP TO £11,000 with this home. This home has over £3,000 of kitchen & bathroom upgrades, PLUS, save a further £8,000 with our BIG 3 offer.Upgrades included: Upgraded kitchen with Integrated appliances, 4 downlights to kitchen and a towel radiator to the bathroom.Owning your ..."
"This three bedroom detached house, in a great location and with enviable views to the front, is offered for sale with the benefit of no upward chain."
**CORNER PLOT**SPACIOUS GARAGE & SEPERATE WORKSHOP**GATED REAR DRIVEWAY & FRONT DRIVEWAY**THREE GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS** This is an exceptional opportunity to purchase an impressive end of terrace home on a spacious corner plot in a sought after part of Eastern Green. With fantastic scope for extens...
"**RENOVATED THROUGHOUT**WORKSHOP & DETACHED GARAGE**DETACHED TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM BUNGALOW** This is an incredible opportunity to purchase a deceptively spacious, detached two double bedroom bungalow situated in a sought after and quiet cul de sac. Viewing is essential to appreciate the features of..."
"Lovely four bedroom semi detached corner plot family home located at the top of Allesley Park, a short distance from the park entrance, three well respected schools and wide range of amenities - ample off-road parking - private gardens to the side & rear - three reception rooms - beautiful kitche..."
"*INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY* Envisage are pleased to offer large 6 Bedroom 3 storey property for sale, ideal for Investors looking at student or professional sharers market. Well located close to Coventry University and the city centre and excellent transport links. The property Is currently let with..."
"**OPEN DAY SATURDAY 8TH APRIL**CALL FOR A TIME SLOT**FEATURED IN OUR SPRING SALE** Property was on the market for offers over £325,000 from 09/03/23 to 29/03/23 and is now offers over £315,000. **BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED & EXTENDED BUNGALOW**TWO BEDROOMS**TWO BATHROOMS**E..."
"**BUNGALOW**THREE BEDROOMS**GREAT LOCATION** We are pleased to welcome this Three Bedroom, Semi-Detached property to the market. Situated opposite Ash Green Secondary School and close to the A444 and M6, this property comprises; entrance porch, hallway, stunning shower room with vanity unit, foun..."
"***CORNER PLOT DETACHED BUNGALOW***OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN***QUIET CUL DE SAC ***LOCATED ON POPULAR SPOT IN WALSGRAVE***Accommodation in brief; entrance porch, hallway, modern shower room, fitted kitchen, two double bedrooms with fitted wardrobes, spacious living room, and stunning conservat..."
"The family-friendly Whitton four-bedroom home combines lots of practical features, with stylish touches too.Designed to give modern families the room they need to get together and space of their own, every detail of the Whitton four-bedroom home has been carefully thought out. The focal point of ..."
WOW - A Semi Detached Bungalow In A Highly Desirable Location - Completely Modernised To A Fantastic Standard - Gorgeous Large Kitchen / Diner - Lovely Lounge - 3 Double Bedrooms - Beautiful Bathroom - Stunning En-Suite - Gardens To Front & Rear - A MUST VIEW - CHECK OUT MY FLOOR PLAN & CALL TODAY 
"A BEAUTIFUL SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITHIN EASY ACCESS TO PRESIDENT KENNEDY SCHOOL, CARDINAL NEWMAN SCHOOL, HOLY FAMILY PRIMARY SCHOOL AND WHITMORE PARK PRIMARY SCHOOL. This very well presented and maintained three-bedroom semi-detached family home situated in the popular residential a..."
"**SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM HOME**LARGE GARAGE & DRIVEWAY**SPACIOUS GARDEN**WC, ENSUITE & BATHROOM**TWO RECEPTION ROOMS** This is an exceptional opportunity to purchase a beautifully presented four bedroom family home. Very briefly comprising; driveway, large garage, entrance hall, dining room, kitch..."
"**NO UPWARD CHAIN** Three bedroom detached property located in a popular residential area of Coventry, being close to local amenities and within easy reach of the Ricoh Arena Retail Park."
"* A well-presented modern three story town house * * Popular Morris Homes development in Copeswood, just off the Binley Road comes with the remaining NHBC Warranty. UPVC glazing and gas central heating and alarm system. * Early viewing advised to appreciate th..."
"**Attractive Semi Detached – Social Living Kitchen/Diner Space – High Decorative Standard Throughout** Early viewing strongly recommended! This lovely family home has a host of excellent features throughout including a downstairs fourth bedroom/study, solid oak finishings including flo..."
"Reeds Rains are pleased to offer this IMMACULATELY PRESENTED FOR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME LOCATED IN THE PLEASANT AND SOUGHT AFTER AREA. The accommodation offers, Entrance Hall, Living /Dining Room, Cloakroom, Well Fitted Modern Breakfast Kitchen, Landing, Four Bedrooms, Master With En-Suite,..."
"*£10,000 DEPOSIT BOOST & OVER £2000 WORTH OF UPGRADES* The Lawrence is one of our larger 3 bedroom homes for sale with 3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS, a spacious open plan kitchen and large rear garden"
"Situated within a quiet and convenient location, is this large, extended family home on Sutherland Avenue. Offered with no upward chain. 
"
"*** A WELL PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM THREE STOREY END OF TERRACED TOWNHOUSE SITUATED ON THE POPULAR COPSEWOOD ESTATE, COVENTRY *** - Please contact Brown and Cockerill Estate Agents for more details ..."
**NO UPWARD CHAIN** This three bedroom semi detached property is located in the sought-after area of Allesley in Coventry in a cul-de sac location with a driveway providing off road parking and a landscaped rear garden.
"The Gosford boasts a wealth of space, perfect for couples and young families alike. Let us help you move with our deposit top up scheme.*"
"This attractive three bedroom detached family home is positioned on a corner plot within a Cul-de-Sac, on a pretty housing development in Keresley, close to and with views over open countryside. The property is within the catchment of highly regarded schools including Holy Family primary school a..."
"***CORNER PLOT***ADDITIONAL LAND PURCHASED***AMPLE PARKING***VIEWING ESSENTIAL*** A spacious three bedroom semi detached, family home situated in the highly sought-after location of Nailcote Grange just off Banner Lane. This house is in a convenient location and has superb road connections with ..."
"Reeds Rains are pleased to offer this FULLY REFURBISHED DETACHED TWO BEDROOM BUNGALOW located in this quiet cul de sac and in this much sought after area within walking distance to the many surrounding amenities. This lovely home, originally built in 1984 and since that time only having two owner..."
"A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME WITH EVERYTHING YOU COULD ASK FOR! Upon entry into the welcoming hallway, there is a handy downstairs WC preceding the stairs. The lounge diner runs the length of the property and provides a fantastic space to relax in the evening. The kitchen sits at the rear adjacent ..."
A SPACIOUS SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE WITH NO CHAIN SITUATED WITH A 2 MINUTE WALK TO ALLESLEY PARK. the home
3 Bedroom Semi-Detached | Garage & Driveway | South Facing & Low Maintenance Garden | Good Sized Living Spaces | Gas Central Heating & Fully Double Glazed | Potential to Extend | Transport Links | Excellent Local Schools & Amenities | EPC D 
"Stunning three / four bedroom family home / investment purchase. Very high end specification, would make a beautiful home or Boutique style HMO investment currently being advertised for £2200 pcm."
"Bairstow eves present an excellent opportunity to purchase a two double bedroom unique detached bungalow located in the sought after location of Binley. In brief the property comprises of entrance lean to , lounge, kitchen, conservatory, two double bedrooms and a family bathroom. The property has..."
"Being offered for sale with the benefit of no onward chain, this traditional double-bayed semi-detached house offers three bedroomed accommodation and is conveniently located close to Kenpas Highway and within easy walking distance of Finham Park School. Whilst incorporating gas fired central he..."
"An extended, semi-detached property situated in the highly sought after residential area of Eastern Green, and offered with no onward chain. The location is ideal for a family, offering good local schools, shops, public transport and easy access to Birmingham Airport and the motorway network. "
"***CLOSE TO LOCAL MOTORWAY NETWORK & UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL***VIEWING ESSENTIAL TO APPRECIATE THE SIZE*** Located in the recently completed Shilton Place development in the north of Coventry, is this stylish family home. Set within close proximity to Coventry University Hospital, Walsgrave Triangle..."
"Stylish three bedroom detached family home occupying a large plot, having two reception rooms and two bathrooms with no onward chain. "
"Property Description Viewing is highly recommended for this immaculately presented and well maintained home, situated within a quiet close and being within the Finham park School catchment area and and easy access of the A45 and A46 road networks. The accommodation briefly comprises a spaci..."
Three Bedrooms ~ Two Bathrooms ~ Living & Separate Dining Room ~ Conservatory ~ Landscaped Rear Garden ~ NO CHAIN ~ Garage
"Located in one of Coventry's most desirable areas, just off the Kenilworth Road and opposite the War Memorial Park, is this well presented apartment offered with no onward chain. The property is positioned on the ground floor and is accessed via a secure intercom system. The accommodati..."
Well presented three bedroom semi detached family home is located in the residential area of Wyken and is ideally suited for the University Hospital Coventry and transport links.
"Reeds Rains Coventry are pleased to offer this mature four bedroom semi detached family home located in this much sought after area. The accommodation offers Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Living Room, Dining Room, Family Room Conservatory, Kitchen, Four Bedrooms, Bathroom and Shower Room. There is a ..."
"The Grasmere is a three-bedroom family home that’s ideal for modern living. The open-plan kitchen/dining room has French doors leading into the garden. The front porch, downstairs WC and two cupboards take care of everyday storage. Bedroom one has an en suite. This home also has an integral garage."
Offered to the market for the first time in over 60 years is this three double bedroom semi detached home. Set on a larger than average plot and with the potential to extend further and create a stunning family home
"Reeds Rains Coventry are pleased to offer with NO UPWARD CHAIN and IMMEDIATE POSSESSION well presented and maintained two bedroom semi detached bungalow located in this much sought after area. The accommodation offers Entrance Hall, Living Room, Fitted Kitchen, Two Bedrooms, Bathroom and Conserv..."
"***INVESTMENT OPPPORTUNITY***
Ideally located for Coventry University and the City Centre is this FIVE ENSUITE DOUBLE ROOMS terrace home with SEPARATE ANNEXE. For further details contact HAART COVENTRY"
This beautifully presented 2 double bedroom semi-detached bungalow is offered For Sale with no upward chain. Located in the popular Ernsford Grange area of Coventry and within private and secluded gardens this charming bungalow briefly comprises of:- An 'L' Shaped hallway with...
"This lovely recently extended four-bedroom semi detached family home is positioned in a desirable area of Mount Nod and is within easy reach of local schools, amenities, Birmingham airport and the motorway network. In brief the ground floor accommodation comprises of; an entrance hallway..."
"* Very popular semi-rural location in Binley Woods * * Early viewing recommended "" A three-bedroom family home situated in the extremely popular location of Rugby Road, just a short walk to the Village Hall, Post Office and local shops, pubs and restaurants. Excellent local s..."
"THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO GOOD PRIMARY SCHOOLS.... This lovely semi detached family home is conveniently positioned to reach Birmingham Airport, A45 and Jaguar Landrover with the ground floor offering a Porch, entrance hallway, spacious lounge/diner leading int..."
"With NO CHAIN and NEEDING SOME UPDATING, this 2 Bedroom Detached Bungalow, is set in a popular village location and offers FANTASTIC POTENTIAL, including a Porch, Ent. Hall, Kitchen/Diner, Conservatory, spacious Lounge, Wet Room, Gas C/Heating, uPVC D/Glazing, Garage and Gardens to front and rear."
"Evans Estates are Proud to Present this Beautifully Presented Three Bedroom Semi Detached Family Home, The property is situated in the Keresley area of the city and within The President Kennedy School Catchment area. The property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as spec..."
"This family home is located in a very desirable area, it is well appointed throughout, has been lovingly cared for by the current owners, they have modernised and improved the home throughout and finished it to a high standard. Well proportioned rooms and a very private garden, you need to view t..."
"**EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR FAMILY HOME** There is now the rare opportunity to purchase this ready to rent, 4/5 bedroom / 2 bathroom property situated in the popular Grafton Street of Lower Stoke, Coventry. This 3 storey property is well presented throughout, within walking di..."
"This much loved and extended semi-detached property is located in a very popular residential location of Winsford Avenue, Allesley Park. The property is superbly positioned and very close to Allesley Park, an excellent range of shops, great local schools and the A45 network road links, The family..."
**Do Not Miss This Opportunity- Priced Competitively **Fantastic Family Home** No Chain *** Three Generous Bedrooms… Master EnSuite... Double Fronted… Two Reception Rooms…Conservatory… Downstairs Cloakroom… Modern Kitchen… Off Road Parking with In & Out Drive… Planning Permission for Two Storey E...
The Ashenford is a two bedroom starter home offering convenient accommodation for individuals and couples.
"SAVE UP TO £10,500 with this home. This home has over £3,000 of kitchen & bathroom upgrades, PLUS, save a further £7,500 with our BIG 3 offer.Upgrades included: Upgraded kitchen with Integrated appliances, 4 downlights to kitchen and a towel radiator to the bathroom.Owning your ..."
"*** Check Out The Video Tour *** WOW….. What a Garden Space… A substantial, traditional semi detached family home, tucked away in the heart of Wyken. Set on a very large plot with endless scope - a viewing is a must. The property has been extended already, but with plenty of room to further impro..."
"**No Forward Chain**Detached Garage**Sought After Binley Woods Location** This immaculately presented two double bedroom semi-detached bungalow situated on a sought after road in Binley Woods is now available for purchase with no forward chain. Very briefly comprising; shared front driveway, side..."
BASED OVER FOUR FLOORS... FOUR BEDROOMS... FREEHOLD... ACHIEVING CIRCA £2000 RENT PCM... CANAL SIDE... GREAT INVESTMENT PROPERTY... CAN BE BOUGHT VACANT IF REQUIRED... SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT... A lovely and modern design canal side property with four bedrooms based over four floors. The proper...
**NO CHAIN**FOUR/FIVE BEDROOM END TERRACED**FULLY RENOVATED AND NEW EXTENSIONS** A fantastic opportunity for a lucky purchaser to buy a substantially extended and converted 4/5 bedroom end terraced property in a quiet cul-de-sac just off the Allesley Old Road. The property has just been completed...
"FINAL MAKENZIE FOR SALE AT SPRINGFIELD GARDENS *Flooring throughout* With an extremely versatile layout, the Makenzie offers complete luxury across the top floor with a master bedroom suite. See what we mean with our virtual video tour now available! "
HMO LICENSED STUDENT HOUSE - Beat Article 4 coming in 2023 
**IDEAL HMO PROJECT**CENTRAL STUDENT LOCATION**SIDE SPACE IDEAL FOR EXTENSION (STPP)** Up Estates are pleased to bring to the market this ideal opportunity for developers in a perfect student location on Welland Road. The property has been under the same ownership for many years whilst the surrou...
"**BEAUTIFULLY RENOVATED, EXTENDED FAMILY HOME**LINK DETACHED CORNER PLOT PROPERTY**TWO BATHROOMS & UTILITY ROOM**THREE GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS**TWO RECEPTION ROOMS** A fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom link detached beautifully renovated home. Briefly comprising; multi-car driveway, e..."
"Wilsons are delighted to offer for sale this rare to find spacious family home in a quiet-cul-de-sac- in the sought after location of Finham. The property consists of a large open plan lounge/diner, downstairs w/c, modern fitted kitchen. To the first floor are three double bedrooms and a..."
"Enjoying a lovely position within the ever popular Mount Nod area, this attractive semi detached family home merits an early inspection and is offered for sale with no upward chain."
"A recently refurbished and superbly presented modern three storey semi detached family home situated on this quiet, small, select modern development located within easy access of Allard Way. The property is well placed for a range of local amenities and is also within easy reach of excellent tran..."
"Investment opportunity or family home, 3 bedrooms 2 bathrooms , "
"This wonderfully bright and stylish detached home has been beautifully maintained and updated by the current owner, the result being a spacious, thoroughly modern home full where many more happy memories are sure to be made."
"** DO NOT MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY! ** NO CHAIN! ** REFITTED CARPETS THROUGHOUT ** A beautifully presented, Victorian semi-detached spacious family home situated in the much sought after area of Stoke. Tastefully decorated and highly maintained throughout. The property is served by an abundance of ..."
"This beautiful four-bedroom townhouse oozes style and space, with internal living that spans over three storeys. Nestled in this ever popular 'Stoke Village' development this is quite simply a fabulous home in a great location and with almost 1400 sq. ft of accommodation available, it's perfect f..."
"A sociable three bedroom home ideal for first time buyers, small families or downsizers. Let us help you move !"
"**NO UPWARD CHAIN** Well presented semi detached property briefly comprising: ground floor w/c, lounge with archway to dining room, fitted kitchen, utility room, two double & one single first floor bedrooms and a family bathroom."
"Situated in a lovely no through road in the very popular Coundon area of Coventry, this extended and improved family home provides fantastic family accommodation set over 3 floors.With a terrific Kitchen/Diner overlooking the garden to the rear and a fourth bedroom in the converted loft, this is ..."
"* NO CHAIN * Here we have a prime example of a lovely family home located in the sought after area of Binley bordering Ernesford Grange, benefitting from a newly renovated garage conversion into a second lounge/dining room with WC and utility. The property is conveniently located in a quiet no th..."
THE BUXTON now available with FLOORING throughout worth over £3500! OPEN PLAN kitchen / dining area with UTILITY and CLOAKROOM. FRENCH DOORS to the garden. SPACIOUS lounge. EN SUITE to master bedroom. DRIVEWAY parking.
"A perfect chance to create your dream home! This substantial three bedroom property is a perfectly-proportioned delightful semi, with bags of character, a natural flow and a garden setting to match the beauty of the nature reserve and trails that surround this home. There is updating required thr..."
"A very well presented, detached bungalow in a great location. Only a few minutes drive from University Hospital as well as the M6, M69, A46 and within walking distance to local amenities."
"A beautifully presented, spacious modern town house situated on the popular Stoke Village development, ideally situated for JLR Whitley, PSA Peugeot Citroen and the Coventry city centre. On entering the property, you step into a bright hallway. To the left of this, is the lovely kitchen facing t..."
**BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED & EXTENDED FAMILY HOME**THREE BEDROOMS**UTILITY/WC**OPEN PLAN LOUNGE AND REFITTED KITCHEN**SECOND LOUNGE**REFITTED BATHROOM** DRIVEWAY FOR MULTIPLE VEHICLES**We would like to introduce this beautifully presented extended three bedroom end terraced family home to the ma...
**BRAND NEW DEVELOPMENT** This home also benefits from flooring throughout your new home and a fantastic upgraded appliance package including an integrated fridge freezer and dishwasher. Enjoy contemporary and modern living that The Garnett at Springfield Gardens has to offer. Well proportioned w...
Three Bedrooms ~ Corner Plot ~ Drive and Garage ~ Extended Dining Kitchen ~ Ground Floor Shower Room A traditional double stoney bayed end of terrace home located on a sizeable corner plot. This property has huge potential to extend out to the side if desired and has the added benefit of...
"A unique opportunity to purchase a three bedroom semi detached home in the sought after location of Tamworth Road. The property is close to good local schools, convenient for key road networks and walking distance to the popular Coundon Park. .The accommodation includes a living room, dining roo..."
"Situated on a corner plot this three bedroom end of terrace family home is perfectly situated close to Warwick University, Cannon Park shopping Centre & motorway links."
"**IMMACULATE THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED**HIGH SPECIFICATION THROUGHOUT**TWO BATHROOMS AND WC** Up Estates are pleased to bring to the market a well presented three bedroom semi detached property in the popular modern development just off Lythalls Lane. Briefly comprising; Hall, WC with utility s..."
"A modernised and upgraded four bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated close to great local amenities, schooling, and shops in Exhall"
A COMPLETELY REFURBISHED FAMILY HOME BENEFITING FROM HIGH QUALITY WORKMANSHIP THROUGHOUT! The open plan living and kitchen space that occupies the majority of the ground floor is a sight to behold and enables seamless transition between the spaces and their multiple uses. The kitchen and dinin...
A fantastic opportunity to acquire this three bedroom semi-detached property located in one of Coventry's most popular locations and is only a short walk to Warwick University making it perfect for investors. The property is situated on a corner plot offering potential for further development and...
This three bedroom semi-detached property is located in one of Coventry's most popular locations and is only a short walk to Warwick University making it perfect for investors. The property is situated on a corner plot offering potential for further development and benefits from being offered wit...
"Tucked away in a quiet spot of popular Binley Woods, sits this spacious three bedroom semi-detached family home."
"A generously-proportioned detached property with minimal work required to achieve an enviable level of modernization throughout, this home is situated near the centre of Coventry city. Benefitting from superb transport links, the property’s 4 bedrooms are wonderfully cosy. The home also benefit..."
RE LAUNCHED 2023 - A Delightful Three Bed House In The Popular Stoke Village Estate. The property was built 5 years ago and benefits from having 5 years left on the NHBC
"**CORNER PLOT**THREE BEDROOMS**BOARDED LOFT SPACE**NO CHAIN**This end terraced property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified) The property is located in the Coundon Court and Hollyfast School Catchment areas. The accommodation comprises: Porch, hall, through lo..."
"**EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME**THROUGH LOUNGE DINER**FULL WIDTH EXTENDED & REFITTED KITCHEN DINER**GARAGE TO THE REAR** This four bedroom extended family home has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (a specified). The accommodation comprises of a hallway, lounge diner..."
"What a home! If you're looking for a place that you can literally move into and create magical memories, then a viewing is a must on this beautiful property - its perfect for families and even better, its being offered with No Onwards chain. This property has the benefit of a driveway wi..."
"** FULLY RENOVATED THROUGHOUT WITH FULL WIDTH REAR EXTENSION *** Archer Bassett are pleased to offer this well presented three bedroom, double bayed family home located in the sought after area of Chapelfields. The property briefly comprises of an entrance hallway, lounge, spacious kitchen/diner..."
ONLY 5% DEPOSIT NEEDED.
"Enjoying a very tucked away position within this much sought after cul-de-sac lies this modern extended, detached family home. With the benefit of off-road parking for several vehicles, the property has a good sized breakfast kitchen with double opening doors to the rear garden. Briefly the prop..."
"With stylish living spread over three well-planned floors, the Seaton three-bedroom home takes modern family living up a level.With three bedrooms and three floors, this home has space for everyone. Downstairs is all about family living. The contemporary kitchen/diner is a fantastic space that&ap..."
"5% deposit paid worth £14,447.50. .Online 360 tour available to view so you can see what you new home could look like. Hurry, over 80% of homes are now sold so don't miss the chance to secure your new place. Book an appointment to speak to our friendly Sales Executive."
"This three bedroom semi detached property is very well presented throughout having been modernised and re-furbished by the present owner. Being ideally suited to a first time buyer or investor the property provides potential buyers with :- entrance hallway, lounge, re-fitted breakfast kitchen....."
"""SUPER SPACIOUS BUNGALOW"" We are delighted to bring to market this fantastic two bedroom bungalow on a very spacious corner plot offering garden space to front, side and rear with off road parking and garage. With two double bedrooms that are front facing with fitted carpet, double glazed windows..."
DOUBLE BAY SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME / EXTENDED & MUCH IMPROVED / THROUGH LOUNGE DINING ROOM / FITTED DINING KITCHEN / GROUND FLOOR SHOWER ROOM / DRIVEWAY & GARAGE / FITTED FAMILY BATHROOM / REAR GARDEN / SOUGHT AFTER RESIDENTIAL LOCATION / NO ONWARD CHAIN / INTERNAL VIEWING RECOMMENDED
"A large semi detached property located in the popular area of Coundon. In brief the property comprises: porch, entrance hall, lounge, separate dining room, utility room (access from the rear garden), W.C to the ground floor. Three double bedrooms and bathroom to the first floor. The property furt..."
"Reeds Rains are pleased to offer this WELL PRESENTED DETACHED FAMILY HOME located in this sought after and convenient area. The accommodation offers Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Living Room, Dining Kitchen, Three Double Bedrooms, Ensuite and Bathroom. There is a Garage and Driveway to the front wit..."
"*No Onward Chain* A fantastic opportunity to acquire this spacious extended three-bedroom end terraced family home situated in the highly desirable area of Allesley. Situated to the west of the City, the property is within walking distance of the popular Allesley Park, fantasti..."
"A superb opportunity to acquire this substantial four-bedroom semi-detached property, in a prime location and only a short distance away from Warwick University! The property benefitted from being a fully licensed HMO (Not Transferable) John Rous Avenue is situated in Canley, close to Ca..."
"This is an amazing home! Nestled on this development in Binley is this gorgeous, re-furbished townhouse with garage, two and a half bathrooms, three double bedrooms and rear/side garden. Three-story living at its finest. You can literally get the key and move straight in!"
"**RECENTLY REDUCED FOR A QUICK SALE ** NO CHAIN ** MOTIVATED SELLER ** Situated within this peaceful backwater setting lies this stunning three storey period property built circa 1895, having been recently modernised to an exceptionally high standard. With many outstanding features, this property..."
"**NO CHAIN**EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM HOME**TWO BATHROOMS**SOUGHT AFTER CHEYLESMORE LOCATION** This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a deceptively spacious three bedroom extended family home. Briefly comprising; driveway, garage, entrance hall, lounge diner, shower room WC, kitchen/breakfast r..."
"***NO CHAIN***RE-MODERNISED***TWO BATHROOMS***3 BEDROOMS***FLEXIBLE ACCOMMODATION*** Located within close proximity to university hospital, Jaguar Landrover at Whitley and with great road access to the A45 & A46 alongside the M1-M6-M40-M69 motorways is this semi detached dormer bungalow that is ..."
"Located in the popular area of Binley is this three-bedroom home. There are very good road links to get you around and about the city. Local amenities include Warwickshire Shopping Park, supermarkets, local schools, a golf course and gym's / health centre. Within close proximity to the University..."
"AVAILABLE ON SALES & LEASEBACK SCHEME ONLY - GET 6% YIELD IN RETURN*.SALES AND LEASEBACK SCHEME - Secure plot 2, The Caddington and get 6% yield from us in return. Make an investment today and start or add to your housing portfolio. Fixtures, fittings, flooring and landscaped garden included*!"
"The Windermere has a modern open-plan kitchen/diner, well-proportioned living room and three good-sized bedrooms. The top floor bedroom has the bonus of a spacious en suite. The enclosed porch, downstairs cloakroom, two storage cupboards and off-road parking mean it's practical as well as stylish."
"***CORNER PLOT*** ***POTENTIAL TO EXTEND STPP*** ***SOME MONDERNISATION & UPDATING REQUIRED*** UP Estates are pleased to offer to market this fantastic opportunity to acquire a four-bedroom semi-detached property located in the ever-popular area of Kersley End. Situated on a huge corner plot, giv..."
"Guide Price Range - £275,000 - £285,000 | Popular Location of Eastern Green | 3 Bedroom Semi-Detached | Driveway | South East Facing Garden | Attention Families & First Time Buyers | En-Suite For Each Bedroom | Downstairs W.C. | Loft Conversio..."
"**NO CHAIN** This spacious family home must be viewied internally to be fully appreciated. The property is located in the Tile area of Coventry. The property comprises lounge, dining room, kitchen, downstairs wc, four bedrooms and a family bathroom. The property benefits from having a driveway an..."
"Nestled on the corner of Hipswell Highway and Omar Road is this lovely three bedroom property with so much potential. This family home is both spacious and bright, whilst feeling cosy. It's a lovely space which you'll be proud to call home. Some TLC is required and you may wish to extend, if desi..."
* A SPACIOUS DETATCHED HOME situated within this very popular area of Foleshill which has been a family home for some 60 years * * EARLY VIEWING ADVISED TO APPRECIATE THE POTENTIAL * * NO CHAIN and an great opportunity for another family or investor. Close proximity to Coventry City Ce...
Four Bedroom end of terrace house in a sought after location
"Beautifully-presented three bedroom end terrace home on Cherry Tree Drive in Canley, Coventry. With off-street parking to the side, the home offers a kitchen, living room, downstairs WC, three bedrooms with en-suite to the master and a bathroom. Cherry Tree Drive is located close to local ameniti..."
"** DO NOT MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY! ** A deceptively spacious, semi detached family home situated within a sought after setting of Ash Green. Tastefully decorated and highly maintained throughout yet served with an abundance of local amenities including close proximity to Coventry Building Society..."
Situated in the popular area of Coundon and within a few minutes walk to Coventry city centre is this three storey town house. Coventry university is not too far away and Bablake private school is close by alongside several other local schools. Alvis retail park is nearby. This ideal family home...
A stunning City Centre family home boasting a most tasteful and elegant standard of finish throughout. The property has three / four bedrooms and simply must be viewed !!
Offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this spacious terraced home with potential to improve further and create a fantastic three bedroom home
What great value this Four bedroom family home offers! Halls together traditional end terraced home with attic conversion providing 4th bedroom with ensuite shower room and ground floor extensions to provide a cloakroom together with a larger family dining kitchen. Pleasant rear garden with a la...
No Chain | 3 Bedroom Detached | Master Bedroom with En-Suite | Sought After Location of Coundon | Driveway for Three Cars | Open Plan Kitchen / Diner | Low Maintenance Garden | Downstairs W/C. | Generous Bedroom Sizes | EPC Rating B
"Priced to sell Fantastic investment, 5 bedrooms, 5 bathrooms, good communal space and a great location close to the university and local amenities. Fully tenanted, good return. call for more information"
"Priced to sell 5 bedrooms, 5 bathrooms and great communal space in a fantastic location close to the university and local amenities. Fully occupied HMO. Call for more details."
"Located in the sought after area of Walsgrave, on a peaceful cul de sac, you’ll find this spacious, 3/4 bedroom home with three bathrooms. Perfectly positioned for family life, it’s a short stroll to sought-after schools and all the amenities this popular neighbourhood has to offer."
"***CLOSE TO LOCAL MOTORWAY NETWORK & UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL***VIEWING ESSENTIAL TO APPRECIATE THE SIZE*** Located in the north of Coventry, is this stylish family home. Set within close proximity to Coventry University Hospital, Walsgrave Triangle business park, Showcase Cinema complex with Tesco's..."
A great opportunity to purchase this generous sized family home in this popular location of Exhall. An internal viewing is a must to appreciate the accommodation on offer. Call now to register your interest and book a early viewing!!
"This very sought after and convenient location is now offering a lovely THREE BEDROOM starter family home. Reeds Rains Coventry are pleased to bring to the market this lovely home that offers Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Breakfast Kitchen, Living/Dining Room, Landing, Three Bedrooms, Master With En..."
"Located within close proximity to Junction 3 of the M6 motorway and with easy road access to Coventry city centre, University hospital and the north Warwickshire towns of Nuneaton & Bedworth. A spacious three bedroom detached family residence located in a quiet cul de sac. The property comprises..."
"Purplebricks are pleased to present this this well presented, three-bedroom terrace in a highly sought-after location within easy reach of local amenities. This property would make a lovely family home ideal for a first-time buyer. On entering the property is a traditionally tiled hallway. To t..."
THREE BEDROOM / SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME / POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION / FITTED KITCHEN DINER / DRIVEWAY & CARPORT / FITTED FAMILY BATHROOM / FRONT & REAR GARDENS / CLOSE TO SCHOOLS / NO ONWARD CHAIN / VIEWING RECOMMENDED
First floor luxury apartment in this prime south Coventry location overlooking Top Green by the Memorial Park and within easy walk of the Railway Station and City Centre.
"Situated in one of the City's most prestigious and highly sought after developments, an extremely spacious and well presented three bedroom first floor apartment. Just south of the City Centre adjacent to Top Green and the War Memorial Park main entrance, the location allows easy access to all a..."
"A well presented three bedroom semi-detached property occupying an enviable side road position in this well sought after location. On the ground floor, the hallway offers a welcoming space leading into the generous living room having bay window and feature fireplace, along with access to a deligh..."
"This homes comes with an upgraded kitchen & bathrooms worth £3,000 PLUS, you can save a further £4,000 with our 'BIG 3' offer. - Find out more below!Home 203 comes with an upgraded kitchen with integrated appliances (dishwasher, washing machine & fridge freezer), an upgraded ..."
"If you’re looking for a spacious, fantastic family home that benefits from the amenities of city living but with a countryside feel and lifestyle - this is the one. Located just on the outskirts of Coventry in Aldermans Green, this three bedroomed property is a must to view in person to get a rea..."
An end terrace property situated in this popular location on the South side of the City. The property is well served by a range of local amenities including nearby local bus stop and close to Finham Park and Bishop Ullathorne Schools. The property is also within easy reach of the A45 dual carriag...
"What a home! If you are looking for a place that you can literally move into, then a viewing is a must on this beautiful property. From the moment you park on the drive and step inside you know that this home is something special. Inside it is a modern haven for family living."
"5% deposit paid worth £13,847.50. ."
"Purchase with just 5% Deposit - £13,797.50 required."
"This family home must be viewed internally to be fully appreciated. The property is immaculately presented and is within easy reach of local amenities. The property comprises of entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen/diner, downstairs WC, three double bedrooms and a family bathroom. To the rear of t..."
"This three bedroom substantial double bay semi-detached family home is set back from the road in an elevated position and is within easy reach of local amenities, public transport and local schools, with gas central heating and partial double glazing. To the ground floor the entrance hall has the..."
"For Sale By Public Auction 30 March 2023 A Spacious Vacant Freehold Mid Terraced Property With 11 Bedrooms And Considered Suitable As A HMO Opportunity, Student Accommodation, Conversion To Flats or Family Home Subject To The Appropriate Planning Permission."
"Located to the north of Coventry with it's local motorway network is this four bedroom detached family home. Within easy access to the CBS Arena and shopping complex and University Hospital. Nuneaton, Bedworth, Coventry and Birmingham (as well as Airport) are all easily accessible. The truly ..."
This fantastic family home is located on Larch Tree Avenue in the highly desirable Tile Hill area of Coventry. It is the perfect property for first time buyers looking for a spacious and comfortable family home
"Berkeley Court is an 18 month old development with 18 stylish apartments in the heart of Earlsdon. Positioned on Warwick Street (which runs parallel to Earlsdon High Street), Berkeley Court is located 200 yards from a parade of shops, restaurants and local amenities. There is a potentia..."
"***MID TERRACED TOWN HOUSE***FOUR BEDROOMS INCLUDING MASTER WITH EN-SUITE***GENEROUS GARDEN***Spacious accommodation spread over three floors; entrance hall, dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, cloakroom, master bedroom and en-suite, and spacious living room to the first floor, wit..."
This stunning 3-bedroom semi-detached property on Tile Hill Lane is an ideal family home or a perfect first-time buy
A fabulous opportunity to acquire a three bedroom semi detached property in the desirable and exclusive location of Silksby Street in Cheylesmore offered with NO CHAIN. Silksby Street is ideally placed within walking distance to Coventry train station which has direct routes to Birmingham New str...
"Have a dream to create your own castle? well, we have the property for you. This place is just screaming out for a stylish new owner to transform the property into a stunning family home with all the mod cons. The house has been lovingly cared for, is extended, providing space for the wh..."
"IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - A Four bedroom terraced house located within easy access of Coventry University and Coventry City Centre. Comprising ; Lounge, Fitted Kitchen & Four Bedrooms, Two Ensuite and a separate Bathroom. The property benefits from a rear garden, double glazing and gas ..."
"***NO CHAIN***GARAGE & DRIVEWAY***THREE STOREY TOWN HOUSE*** Located in the popular family residential area of Tile Hill is this three bedroom, three storey modern town house. Within close proximity to several primary and secondary schools. Close by is a retail park with Sainsburys, McDonalds, ..."
A great opportunity to purchase this well maintained family home in an excellent location for all local amenities and schools. This is a property not to be missed so make a early call to register your interest!!
WELL PRESENTED AND MAINTAINED THROUGHOUT / DRIVEWAY AND ON STREET PARKING / QUIET LOCATION OF BANNERBROOK PARK / THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS / LOW MAINTENANCE GARDEN TO REAR / CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES AND SHOPS / GOOD LOCATION FOR PRIMARY AND SECONDARY SCHOOLS.
"This lovely three bedroom semi-detached property is situated in one of the most sought after locations of Sir Henry Parkes Road and is within easy reach of Coventry City Centre, Leamington Spa and Kenilworth. The position boasts easy access to Warwick University, A46, A45 and Birmingham airport. ..."
"Reeds Rains Coventry are pleased to offer this IMMACULATELY PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME LOCATED IN THIS SOUGHT AFTER AREA. The accommodation offers Entrance Hall, Fitted Kitchen, Living/Dining Room, Utility Lobby, Landing, Three Bedrooms and Bathroom. Garden to rear, Driveway and Garage...."
"This large family home must be viewied internally to be fully appreciated. The property is located in the popular Binley area of Coventry. The three storey property comprises of lounge, kitchen, conservatory, family bathroom and four bedrooms with the master en suite. The property has allocated p..."
"SECOND FLOOR LUXURY APARTMENT COMPLEX ~ EXCEPTIONAL LOCATION ~ CHAIN FREE SALE Seymour House lies within Tudor Court, a select development of high quality apartments built just over 20 years ago and with a lovely outlook across Warwick Road towards King Henry VIII private school and Top ..."
"**NO ONWARDS CHAIN**SOUTH WEST FACING REAR GARDEN** Suttons are proud to offer for sale a three-bedroom semi-detached dormer bungalow in the highly desirable area of Eastern Green. The property boasts easy access to A45, Coventry City Centre, Birmingham Airport and Park Hill Primary School. "
"Viewing is essential to fully appreciate this deceptively spacious and well presented terrace home in a highly sought-after location convenient for key road networks and good schools. In brief the accommodation includes an entrance hall, living room and a modern refitted open plan kitchen dining..."
"HMO Opportunity Comprising 1,937 sq ft The premises comprise a substantial terraced property set over three floors, having a communal living room, two kitchens, four shower rooms, eleven bedrooms and a rear garden area. The property offers fantastic potential to all investor..."
Property located in INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY NEAR WARWICK UNIVERSITY - CANLEY
"**NEW ROOF**A well presented three bedroom detached family home located in the popular area of Binley providing easy access to Binley Business Park, Warwickshire shopping park, Coventry Eastern bypass/M69, A45, M6 and A444. Briefly comprising of entrance hallway with storage cupboa..."
"Investment opportunity. Gross annual income £16,740. Handles Property is delighted to offer for sale this three double bedroom townhouse with potential for a fourth bedroom. Flexible accommodation set over three levels. Sold with tenants in situ. Viewing highly recommended."
"~ Beautifully presented 3 bedroom semi-detached home. Fitted with motion censored alarm system, solar panels to the rear and garage. Located in the sought after area of Coundon. Close to local amenities and walking distance of Coventry Town Centre. ~"
"This two bedroom link-detached bungalow is situated in the prestigious location of Allesley Village and is ideally located for access to local amenities, bus routes and open countryside. In brief the property comprises of a spacious lounge/diner with feature fire place, a well fitted kitchen wit..."
"**NO CHAIN**DOUBLE EXTENSION TO REAR**DOUBLE GARAGE**FOUR BEDROOMS**NEW ROOF & WINDOWS** This is an exceptional opportunity to purchase a deceptively spacious family home on the sought after Cheveral Avenue with no forward chain! Very briefly comprising; entrance hall, spacious family living dini..."
"An attractive three-storey, three-bedroom home, the Souter has an open-plan kitchen/diner, living room and three bedrooms. Bedroom one on the top floor benefits from an en suite. The enclosed porch, downstairs WC, two storage cupboards and off-road parking mean it's practical as well as stylish."
"Attention Investors & Families This Well Presented Large 5 Bedroom Home Is Available. Within The Popular Coundon Area - Great Location For Coventry or Warwick University, As Well As Local Amenities Such As Morrisons & Easy Access To The City Centre Via Bus Or Walking. The prope..."
This well presented terraced family residence stands on a good sized plot with ample off road parking
"An extended, three bedroom, terraced period home offering spacious living, South facing gardens, parking to the front and a double garage to the rear. This delightful double bayed family home now benefits from a full width extension dramatically transforming the living space on the ground floor. ..."
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a spacious, modern three bedroom semi-detached family home. Situated to the west of the city in the very popular development of Bannerbrook Park, a perfect location for easy living. The property is within easy reach of popular local schools, shops and ..."
"**Excellent Corner Plot - Ample Frontage, Parking & Potential - 1.5 Garage With Electric Door - Three Bedrooms -Spacious Lounge/Diner Reception Room - Sought After Location** Very few properties with this plot become available in this area, and make this property a superb opportunity to acquire ..."
"Carters are very pleased to offer this well presented three bedroomed semi detached property situated in this prime and sought after location which is close to the local amenities and the transport network giving access to Bedworth, Coventry, the M6 with its links to Birmingham and the Midlands. ..."
"BEAUTIFULLY Presented, Recently Renovated TURN KEY Semi Detached Family Home In A Sought After Setting Of Cheylesmore. Tastefully Decorated And Highly Maintained Throughout. Accommodation Comprising Living Room, Open Plan Kitchen/Diner, Three Bedrooms, Family Bathroom, Garage, ORP & Rear Garden."
"A truly spacious 1930's extended halls together end of terrace family home located on the popular Norman Place Rd. Situated within close proximity to Christ the King junior school and parish church, Coundon Court and President Kennedy secondary schools. Jubilee Crescent shopping area with its va..."
"This immaculate, extended three bedroom family home with loft space must be viewed to be fully appreciated. If you are looking for a property to move straight into with no works required, look no further. This property would be great for entertaining all year round. The property comprises of loun..."
"This well cared for family home must be viewed internally to be fully appreciated. We love the size and location of this property and it would be a perfect family home. Set in this popular area close to shops, schools and good motorway access this property is perfect to make you are sta..."
"Reeds Rains Coventry are pleased to offer this WELL MAINTAINED AND PRESENTED three bedroom home located in this popular and sought after area. This lovely home offers Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Dining Kitchen, Living Room, Landing , Three Bedrooms and Bathroom. To the rear there is a Patio Garden..."
"A very substantial 1930's built end-terraced property occupying a large corner plot, with gardens to three sides. Extended to feature four bedrooms, the property should suit a young family will need some finishing off but offers great scope to personalise a generous sized character home, in a muc..."
"This home is not only in a great location, but certainly has that 'WOW' factor. Offered with no upward chain and ready to move straight into. 
"
"A stunningly presented, extensive modern semi-detached family home positioned just outside of Coventry City Centre. On entering the property, your welcomed into a bright hallway. To the left of side, is the modern presented kitchen facing to the front of the property. To the right is the do..."
"This charming traditional two bedroom terraced house is offered for sale in the desirable location of Earlsdon. Just a short walk to the popular high street there is a wealth of convenience on the doorstep. Well presented and maintained throughout, the accommodation briefly comprises; two recepti..."
"**No Onward Chain** *Virtual Tour Available* A fantastic opportunity to acquire a spacious, three-bedroom semi detached family home. Situated to the west of the City, the property is within easy reach of popular local schools, shops and amenities and only a short drive away from Cove..."
Situated within the popular residential area of Potters Green is this three bedroom semi detached family home is located with close proximity to the University hospital Coventry and motorway networks.
"A beautifully presented, spacious modern semi-detached family home located just outside of Coventry City Centre.   On entering the property, you step into a bright hallway. To the left of this, is the lovely kitchen facing to the front of the property to the right is the downstairs WC. At the en..."
"Purplebricks are pleased to present this well-presented, spacious terrace family home situated within a sought-after location of Keresley, suitable for first time buyers and families alike. Close to local amenities including CBS Arena and Retail Park & M6 motorway links. On entering the propert..."
"A two bedroom link detached bungalow with a spacious lounge/dining room and sliding patio doors that open into the rear garden. Kitchen with gas cooker and separate large utility room. Shower room. Low maintenance rear garden,driveway and garage. Gas central heating via combi boiler. NO ONWARD CHAIN"
***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM VICTORIAN SEMI*** Viewing is highly recommended to appreciate this deceptively spacious Victorian semi detached home in a sought after and convenient location close to local amenities and key road networks. Catchment area for outstanding school (Sacre...
NO UPWARD CHAIN... VACANT... TWO/THREE BEDROOMS*... SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION... CLOSE TO UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL... CLOSE TO MOTORWAY NETWORK... BEAUTIFUL & IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT... CONSERVATORY. Matthew James are delighted to offer this immaculate detached property positioned in a quiet-cul-de-sac l...
"***SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION***FOUR BEDROOMS***TWO BATHROOMS***LOVELY LOCATION IN ASH GREEN *** Accommodation in brief; Ground Floor - entrance porch, hallway, fitted kitchen with gas Rangemaster, bathroom, double bedroom, and spacious through lounge diner. To the first floor are three further bedro..."
3 Bedroom Semi-Detached | Extended & Refurbished Throughout | Carport & Driveway | Open Plan Kitchen / Diner and Living Space | Good Bedroom Sizes | Double Glazed PVC-U & Gas Central Heating | South Facing Garden | Great Location for Families |&nb...
"HR estate agents are pleased to advertise this four bedroom four ensuite HMO property, Located in the CV1 area of Coventry with ** NO CHAIN **"
"*** EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM MID TERRACE IN SOUGHT AFTER CV5 LOCATION NEAR ALLESLEY PARK *** With a lounge, dining room/fitted kitchen, snug, bathroom with shower, garden to rear with garage. Gas central heated & double glazed. No upward chain. Ideal family home near schools and shops."
"Carters are very pleased to offer this extended and beautifully presented three bedroomed semi detached family home which is situated in this popular location which is close to the local amenities and the transport network giving access to Coventry, Bedworth and the M6 with its links to Birmingha..."
Two Bedroom Detached Property in sought after semi rural location. Double Glazed & Gas Centrally Heated. Spacious Lounge. Fitted Kitchen. First Floor Fitted Bathroom. Gardens to Front & side of property. Direct Access Drive to Garage.
"A semi detached situated in the popular location of Eastern Green, being close to local schools and with easy access to the A45 and Tile Hill Train Station."
"Three bedroom well presented double bayed mid terrace family home is located in the desirable residential of Whitley, close to local amenities; Whitley Abbey school catchment and major motorway/bypass links are also in proximity for commuters."
"**NO CHAIN**EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME**MULTI-CAR DRIVEWAY & DETACHED GARAGE** This deceptively spacious, extended three bedroom semi-detached home is now available for purchase with no forward chain! Very briefly comprising; front lawn, multi-car driveway leading to detached garage, porc..."
**NO CHAIN**SUBSTANTIAL CORNER PLOT**THREE/FOUR BEDROOMS**EXTENDED SPACIOUS SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME**MODERN BATHROOM & WC**CIRCA 2 YR OLD BOILER WITH WARRANTY**SOUTH/EAST FACING GARDEN**DETACHED GARAGE & DRIVEWAY** This is an exceptional opportunity to purchase a deceptively spacious THREE/FOUR...
"LewisOliver are proud to present this Three Bedroom, Semi detached Property situated in the popular residential area of Radford. Situated conveniently close to local amenities and schools. In brief the property comprises of; Entrance hall, Lounge, Kitchen, Three Bedrooms and Family Bathroom. Exte..."
**EXTENDED FAMILY ACCOMMODATION**DOUBLE BAY FRONTED**OPEN PLAN REFITTED KITCHEN DINER**REFITTED BATHROOM** We would like to introduce this extended three bedroom end terraced family home to the market. The property benefits from gas central heating and double glazing (as specified) The property ...
"***SPACIOUS END TERRACE WITH THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, GARAGE & CONSERVATORY*** in an inviting setting; a desirable residential Location only moments from COVENTRY UNIVERSITY Hospital and exceptional local amenities. A befitting Family Home being sold with ***NO CHAIN***. Contact Ben Herbert at MAISON "
"An ideally located detached bungalow lying within this quiet cul-de-sac, being perfect for anyone considering downsizing. The property, which would benefit from a little attention, has gas heating and double glazing, energy efficient solar panels together with an expertly converted garage creatin..."
Evans Estates are Proud to Present this Very Well Presented Extended Three Bedroom Semi Detached Family Home Offered with No Upward Chain. The property is situated in the Henley Green area of the city. The property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified). The ac...
A SURPRISINGLY LARGE THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME. Located in a SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION. SOUTH FACING GARDEN. GARAGE AND PARKING. NO UPWARD CHAIN. GAS CENTRAL HEATING. DOUBLE GLAZING THROUGHOUT. PERFECT FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS AND INVESTORS.
"** CHECK OUT THE 360 VIRTUAL TOUR ** A well designed and extended modern semi-detached family home situated on this popular, small development, on the very edge of the city, close to glorious open countryside. With the benefit of both gas heating and double glazing, the property has a side drivew..."
An attractively presented semi-detached bungalow situated in this convenient location within Styvechale close to the nearby A45 dual carriageway linking the motorway network. The property has been much improved with replacement uPVC double glazed windows and a new gas fired central heating system...
"Benburys are pleased to present this beautiful family home, located in a quiet semi- rural area on the outskirts of Coventry. This much improved property briefly comprises of entrance porch, lovely lounge, spacious kitchen dining room, conservatory with by-fold doors, shower room, three bedrooms..."
This immaculate town house MUST BE VIEWED to appreciate. Nestled in this popular development and offering space and style over three floors along with a lovely garden and garage
"** RECENTLY REDUCED AGAIN FOR A QUICK SALE ** EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY - NOT TO BE MISSED ** A beautifully presented and much improved semi-detached family home lying within this very pleasant and peaceful location. With glorious open spaces to the rear of the property including the River Sowe, the ..."
"GLB are Pleased To Market A Perfect 4 Double Bedroom With Ensuites Close To The City Centre And Coventry University With On Street Parking. HMO Licence Until 28/06/2025 Current Has 4x Students Within The Property Paying £450 Per Room, this will be re-marketed for next academic year a..."
"Reeds Rains Coventry are pleased to offer this well presented and maintained THREE BEDROOM HALLS TOGETHER MID TERRACED. Located in the much sought after area of Chapelfields this lovely home, which offers many of its traditional features, comprises Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Sitting Room, Open Pl..."
"**NO CHAIN** Dormer Bungalow - Two Bedrooms - Sought After Semi Rural Location. This attractive two bedroomed detached dormer bungalow is to be sold with no chain. In brief comprising spacious lounge, dining/sitting room, kitchen, shower room and one ground floor and one first floor bedroom. The..."
"This spacious four bedroom semi detached property is located in the popular area of Chapelfields and is offered with no onward chain. The ground floor accommodation consists of hallway, lounge with bay window, fitted kitchen/diner, separate dining room/fourth bedroom with bay window and ..."
TOM BATES ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to bring to market this three bedroom detached property offering two reception rooms with living room and kitchen/diner.
THREE BEDROOM TERRACED FAMILY HOME / EXTENDED FITTED KITCHEN / THROUGH LOUNGE DINING ROOM / GROUND FLOOR WC/UTILITY / DRIVEWAY FOR TWO VEHICLES / OUTBUILDING PLAYROOM/OFFICE / FITTED FAMILY BATHROOM / REAR GARDEN / SOUGHT AFTER RESIDENTIAL LOCATION / INTERNAL VIEWING RECOMMENDED
"Located in a popular & modern estate close to shopping parks, play areas, Wyken Croft and great motorway links"
"* WONDERFUL RETIREMENT PROPERTY * Earlsdon Park Village aims to provide people over 55 years of age, the opportunity to begin an exciting new chapter in their lives. The village has a range of facilities including a gym, hairdresser, beauty room, library greenhouse, and village hall to name..."
This re-furbished mid terrace property is situated in the residential area of Coundon within the Coundon Court School Catchment area.
"Great investment opportunity, Five bedroom Terraced house, Located in the middle Stoke area of Coventry. The property also has potential to be bigger if you have an eye for converting properties"
"An attractively presented, traditional, single bayed end of terrace property situated in this popular residential location, a stone's throw from Earlsdon High Street and with the distinct advantage of a first floor shower room, as well as a ground floor bathroom. The gas centrally heated, double ..."
"Located within easy reach of local parks and amenities is this deceptively spacious home. Boasting three bedrooms and a large first floor bathroom, along with a spacious lounge diner and kitchen"
"Purplebricks are pleased to present this semi-detached family home within close proximity to Coventry University Hospital, Walsgrave Triangle business park, Showcase Cinema complex with Tesco's supermarket and various eating & drinking outlets. This property would make a lovely family home idea..."
"Discover the perfect family home in the heart of Cheylesmore! This house is a charming three bedroom mid-terrace, offering a modern and stylish open plan living space, perfect for entertaining and relaxing with loved ones."
"An attractive three bedroom mid terrace property situated within the popular area of Chapelfields within close proximity to local shops, schools and amenities including Alvis Retail Park and Lake View Park popular with families. The location also provides easy access to Coventry City Centre and o..."
"A well presented semi detached home in the sought after and convenient location of Binley Woods available with no upward chain. There is an entrance hall, through lounge dining room with doors into the rear garden, separate kitchen and utility/store room suitable for conversion. To the first f..."
"* NO CHAIN! * Deceptively Spacious End Of Terrace Family Home Situated In Daimler Green. Accommodation Boasts An Impressive Living Room, Large Airy Conservatory, Modern Fitted Kitchen With Integrated Appliances, Cloakroom, Three Well Proportioned Bedrooms, Modern Family Bathroom & Two Parking Spots."
3 Bedroom Terraced | Immaculately Presented Throughout | Drive Way for 2 Cars | Popular Location of Whoberley | Open Plan Kitchen Diner | Original Features Throughout | New Double Glazing | Attention Families & First Time Buyers | Open Plan Ground Fl...
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a turnkey 5 bedroom HMO property situated within this convenient location, having good access to Coventry City Centre and the bustling Earlsdon High Street and offering great facilities for the student and professional market with all furniture and fixtures and ..."
"Beautiful 1930's double bay fronted semi detached, extended family home, elevated above the highly sought after Holyhead Road - ample off road parking to the rear - three reception rooms - modern kitchen & bathroom - large entrance porch - brick built conservatory - close to wide range of ameniti..."
An attractively positioned modern style three storey semi detached family home offered for sale with immediate vacant possession and no further chain involved. The property enjoys an attractive position not being directly overlooked and being well positioned set back from the main road. The prope...
*GREAT CITY CENTRE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY* GLB Are Pleased To Present A Perfect 5 Bedroom Investment Property For Sale. Currently Housing Aspire On A Fixed Tenancy In Situ Until October 2023 At £1300 Net Rental Full HMO Licence Until March 2026 Fully Furnished Prope...
Beautifully improved and extended home that just needs to be viewed. Very high specification throughout with full width kitchen extension and quality integrated appliances. Dropped kerb for off road parking.
"**No Onward Chain** *Virtual Tour Available* A fantastic opportunity to acquire an extended, well presented three bedroom, semi detached family home. Set in a desirable location on Holyhead Road. Holyhead Road is situated to the west side of the city and within easy reach of..."
"The accommodation affords; open plan living area, dining kitchen, two double bedrooms both with en-suites, mezzanine Study / Office / Bedroom and garage.Outside Balcony with views overlooking the both the new cathedral and the Old ruins. This apartment is approximately..."
"This wonderful single level home provides warm and cosy living accommodation and a great garden. Offered with no chain, with the bonus of a detached garage, and in a super popular location...book your viewing today."
A well presented modern apartment ideally located for the city centre and mainline station
An immaculately presented and refurbished semi-detached dormer bungalow occupying a generous corner position and enjoying gardens to three sides. The property is situated within this popular location close to a range of local amenities and good local schools and has easy access to the A46 and mot...
Superb Traditional Terraced Home - 4 Bedrooms - Bathroom - En-Suite - Lounge / Diner - Fitted Kitchen / Diner - Drive To Front - Garden To Rear - Gas Central Heating - UPVC Double Glazing - CHECK OUT MY FLOOR PLAN - Superb Local Amenities And School Catchments - Call Today 
**DOUBLE STOREY EXTENSION TO THE REAR**FULL WIDTH EXTENDED & REFITTED KITCHEN DINER**EXTENDED & REFITTED BATHROOM**GARAGE**This well presented double bay fronted family home has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified) The accommodation briefly comprises: Hal...
"A fabulous family home. A sought-after location. And oodles of space. Abergavenny Walk has it all. Throw in two bathrooms, plenty of off-road parking and a fabulous landscaped garden and you may just have found your jewel in the crown."
** NO CHAIN! ** Deceptively Spacious Semi Detached Family Home Situated Within A Sought After Setting Of Binley. Tastefully Decorated & Highly Maintained Throughout Yet Served With An Abundance Of Local Amenities Including UHCW And M6 Motorway Links. Book Your Appointment Online Now!
A lovely three bedroom much improved end of terrce property in the heart of popular Coundon - extended open plan L-shaped kitchen / diner - log burner - cosy front lounge - attractive landscaped rear garden - off-road parking - excellent school catchment - well presented throughout - chain complete.
"***SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME***NO CHAIN*** Viewing is essential to fully appreciate this deceptively spacious four bedroom family home in a highly sought after location close to good schools, local amenities and key road networks. This making it an ideal purchase for professional couples and families..."
An excellent opportunity to purchase this semi detached three double bedroomed dormer bungalow being offered for sale with immediate vacant possession and no further chain. The property is conveniently located within Cheylesmore close to a range of local amenities and also within easy access of t...
A very well presented Bungalow offered for sale in this quiet and most sought after of locations.
"A LOVELY PROPERTY WHICH DATES BACK TO 1872, FULL OF CHARACTER SET ON A VERY GENEROUS PLOT WITHIN EASY REACH OF GOOD LOCAL SCHOOLS AND OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN!! This lovely three bedroom semi-detached property is positioned in the sought after location of Bennett's road south, Keresl..."
"Benburys are pleased to present this lovely three bedroom semi detached family home situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location. The property benefits from UPVC double glazing with gas central heating and the accommodation comprises of a porch, entrance hall, spacious lounge, fitted dining kitchen, ..."
"HR estate agents are pleased to advertise this five bedroom five ensuite HMO property, Located in the CV2 area of Coventry with ** NO CHAIN **"
"HR estate agents are pleased to advertise this five bedroom five ensuite HMO property, Located in the CV2 area of Coventry receiving £2230 PCM with ** NO CHAIN **"
"THREE BEDROOMS... SEMI DETACHED... GARAGE AND OFF ROAD PARKING... KITCHEN DINING ROOM... MODERN SHOWER / BATHROOM... GOOD SIZED REAR GARDEN... CLOSE TO COVENTRY UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL... CLOSE TO MOTORWAY LINKS... PERFECT FOR INVESTOR OR FIRST TIME BUYER. Located in Walsgrave, Coventry, this lovely..."
"Located within walking distance to University Hospital Coventry is this three bedroom terrace home. Close proximity to several retail outlets including, Asda, Tesco's, Home Bargains and Aldi. Showcase cinema and Mega Bowl ten pin bowling and amusement centre are close by. Fancy a bite to eat the..."
"A recently improved and well presented, extended traditional double stone bayed end terrace property situated in an attractive off road position set back behind a pleasant service road. The property is conveniently located for a range of amenities and provides excellent access in and out of the C..."
"An excellent, double bayed semi-detached property occupying a much sought and and convenient side-road, to the west of the city. Carefully maintained for many years, the property has both gas heating and double glazing and features a broad frontage with direct driveway providing essential off-ro..."
"The extremely popular Hanbury is a three-bedroom family home with a bright and modern open-plan kitchen/diner which has French doors leading into the garden. The downstairs WC, three handy storage cupboards and an en suite to bedroom one mean it ticks all the boxes for practical family living."
"Shortland Horne are now in receipt of an offer for the sum of £247,000 for Corbet Road. Anyone wishing to place an offer on this property should contact (Shortland Horne, 115 New Union Street, CV1 2NT before exchange of contracts. ** No Chain** This spacious three-be..."
"This excellent terraced home offers two reception rooms, a fitted kitchen, four double bedrooms, a three-piece family bathroom and two en-suite shower rooms. Externally, the property boasts a large rear garden. This home presents a fantastic opportunity for a property hunter. "
"Wilsons are delighted to offer for sale this four-bedroom terraced property situated in the heart of Courthouse Green. The accommodation affords; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/dining room, downstairs shower room, three bedrooms and family bathroom to the first floor and fourth bedroom t..."
"Are you an investor looking for a town centre apartment? Then look no further than this two double bedroom apartment which is located in the heart of the City Centre, just minutes from the train station and Coventry University ideal for your next investment or first time purchase"
We are proud to offer this Three Bedroom Mid Terrace House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.
"**SOUGHT AFTER POETS CORNER LOCATION**EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM HOME**DETACHED GARAGE** This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a deceptively spacious family home, viewing is highly recommended. Very briefly comprising; front garden, entrance hall, family living room, office, open plan kitchen/d..."
"**NO CHAIN**SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME**QUIET CUL DE SAC LOCATION**DRIVEWAY & OUTBUILDINGS** This is an exceptional opportunity to purchase a good sized three bedroom semi-detached home in a sought after part of Styvechale, Cheylesmore, tucked away in a quiet cul de sac. This home very briefly com..."
"Beautifully presented and with exceptional curb appeal, this much improved semi detached home sits within a quiet cul de sac towards the East of Coventry city centre off Brixham Drive in Wyken."
"Envisage are delighted to offer for sale this currently let spacious semi detached property, ideal investment or home, briefly comprised of Lounge with dining area, fitted kitchen, guest WC, four bedrooms, en suite to the master and family bathroom. Off road parking to the front and garden to the..."
"TOM BATES ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to bring to market this fantastic three bedroom semi detached property in the heart of Coventry on Rookery Lane. The property offers off road parking to front, kitchen/diner, spacious living room with Conservatory to the rear overlooking a stunning garden space."
A modern family home with three good size bedrooms and plenty of entertainment space. A great location and off street parking for three cars as well as a south facing rear garden with a large garage at the bottom with private gated access for 6 houses. Local amenities and road links are very good...
"An extended three-bedroom end-of-terrace family home for sale, located in the popular area of Whitley, Coventry. The area benefits from being within walking distance of Jaguar Land Rover, Whitley Abbey primary school, and Asda supermarket. Easy access to Coventry C..."
"A fantastic investment property, located in the highly sought after area of Earlsdon and offered with no onward chain. This traditional mid terrace home is currently let with accommodation comprising a ground floor bedroom to the front, a communal lounge, a fitted kitchen with access out..."
"End of terrace property situated in a popular area of Longford being close to local amenities and motorway links. The accommodation briefly comprises of ground floor open plan living to include lounge, dining area and kitchen area. two first floor bedrooms, family bathroom and two loft bedrooms."
"**NO UPWARD CHAIN** This well presented three bedroom semi detached family home is positioned in a quiet cul de sac location, just of Job's Lane on a larger than average plot and must be viewed internally to appreciate the accommodation on offer."
Stunning Two Bedroom Park Home ~ Luxurious Presentation Throughout With Private Parking & Gardens ~ No Lease ~ Over 50s
"Reeds Rains are delighted to offer with NO UPWARD CHAIN and IMMEDIATE POSSESSION this immaculately presented two bedroom second floor apartment located within walking distance to the city, memorial park and station. The accommodation offers Communal Entrance Hall, Lift and stairs to upper f..."
"**Three Double Bedrooms**Spacious Bath & Shower Room**Overlooking Green** This is a great opportunity to purchase a three sizeable bedroom terraced in close to a range of amenities in a sought after area. Very briefly comprising; entrance hall, lounge diner, kitchen diner & low maintenance privat..."
"Evans Estates are Very Proud to present this Extended Three Bedroom Family home offered with No Upward Chain. The property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified). The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, extended refitted kitchen diner. There is ..."
Looking for quality and style? This modern home could be perfect for you. Offering spacious and well appointed accommodation throughout and nestled in a private cul de sac with easy links to shops and major motorways
"**A spacious Semi Detached Bungalow, sold with NO CHAIN and is available right away!**"
"Located in the heart of Earlsdon is this beautifully presented and much improved home. Offering easy access to Earlsdon Street, Memorial Park and the mainline station"
"A well presented three bedroom semi-detached property. The property is extended and benefits from an extended kitchen and utility room, a downstairs WC, separate reception rooms, three bedrooms and an upstairs shower room. There is a store/garage to the side, a well maintained rear garden and gen..."
*** TRADITIONAL TERRACED HOME WITH HUGE POTENTIAL IN A FANTASTIC LOCATION ***
"This three bedroom semi detached property is located in Tile Hill Village, within easy reach of local amenities and Tile Hill Station and would be an excellent family home. **NO UPWARD CHAIN**"
"Well presented three bedroom double bayed end of terrace is situated in the popular residential area of Wyken, close to all local amenities, Coventry University Hospital & motorway networks."
Set on a LARGER THAN AVERAGE PLOT within this QUIET CUL DE SAC is this well presented family home that offers HUGE POTENTIAL to extend further and create your perfect family home
Welcome to Claverdon Road - a stunning semi-detached family home located in the highly sought-after area of Mount Nod
Fully Refurbished Four bedroom House of Multiple Occupancy currently fully occupied. Comprising of four bedrooms all with En-suite and a communal kitchen area. This property is ideally suited for the university Hospital Coventry and Warwick.
"A lovely semi detached home located in the heart of Allesley Village surrounded by excellent local schools shops and amenities. This property offers excellent family accommodation with a storm porch, an entrance hallway with doors leading off to a spacious lounge/diner, a fully fitted kitchen wit..."
SUPERB 3 BEDROOM TERRACED HOME - MUST BE VIEWED This stunning property comes to market offering excellent accommodation through out. Walking into the property you are greeted by a stunning white tiled entrance which leads into a fantastic open plan kitchen/diner with a conservatory/famil...
"*** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN*** A well-presented three-bedroom family home positioned on a good plot within the desirable location of Eastern Green, offering excellent access to local shops, schools and amenities, including offering easy access to the A45 and connections. The prope..."
"Reeds Rains Coventry are now pleased to offer a spacious well maintained end terrace three bedroom property located in this sought after and popular area. The accommodation which benefits from gas central heating system, double glazing, 24' through lounge and dining room, well fitted kitchen, ..."
Exciting Investment Opportunity ~ 5 Potential Lettable Rooms ~ No Chain ~ Sold with Vacant Possession A exciting opportunity to purchase a lucrative investment property requiring little in terms of refurbishment but offering loads in terms of space with potentially 5 lettable rooms (subj...
"Fearn Malone are excited to exclusively offer to the market this modern family home located in the heart of Coundon, ideal for a first-time purchase or an investment property. This semi-detached property offers great living space with an entrance hallway with stairs leading up, located on the ..."
"Situated within the very heart of Coundon, an appealing full height double bayed end-terraced home, offered with immediate vacant possession. With both gas heating and double glazing, this ideal family home has a full width extension to feature a spacious breakfast kitchen, a ground floor cloakro..."
"The Barton is a lovely three-bedroom family home with a bright and modern open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors leading into the garden. The downstairs WC, three handy storage cupboards and an en suite to bedroom one mean it ticks the boxes for practical family living."
"Evans Estates are Proud to Present This Extended Three Bedroom Family Home Offered with No Upward Chain. The property is situated in the Coundon area of the city. The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge , dining area and extended refitted kitchen diner. To the first floor there ar..."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire this three bedroom semi-detached property which is located in one of Coventry's most popular locations and is only a short walk to Warwick University making it perfect for investors and benefits from being offered with no onward chain. The accommodation...
*Your Next Family Home* : A significantly extended and lovingly improved traditional double bay property. Walking distance from JLR Whitley and some fantastic schools.
Two bedroom semi detached family home is situated within a highly sought after location and must be viewed internally to appreciate the accommodation on offer
**CORNER PLOT** Bairstow Eves are pleased to offer this great sized three bedroom property that must be seen internally to be fully appreciated. The property is located in the Wyken area of Coventry in easy reach of local amenities. The property is close to University Hospital and has good ...
"An extended, halls together single bayed mid-terraced family home situated within this very popular and peaceful side road, close to Hollyfast Road. With the benefit of gas heating and double glazing, the property has a broad block paved driveway providing essential off-road parking together with..."
"**Three Bedroom Semi-Detached Home**WC & Bathroom**Sought After Location** This well presented home in Walsgrave-On-Sowe is now available for purchase! Only a few minutes drive from University Hospital as well as the M6, M69, A46 and within walking distance to local amenities. This property is al..."
"A well presented and modernised two bedroom detached bungalow which is situated close to local schooling, shops and great road links in Potters Green"
Bairstow Eves are well presented traditional double bayed mid-terrace property situated in this sought after location within Finham on the South side of the City. The property is conveniently located for a range of amenities as well as within easy access of the A45 dual carriageway linking the mo...
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a three bedroom, semi detached family home located in the highly desirable area of Eastern green and offered with no onward chain. The accommodation comprises an entrance porch, hallway, 23ft lounge/diner with sliding patio doors leading out onto the ..."
"**NO CHAIN**GATED DRIVEWAY & DETACHED GARAGE**THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS**WC & BATHROOM** This deceptively spacious three bedroom family home is now available for purchase with no forward chain! Very briefly comprising; gated front lawn with mature shrubbery, porch, entrance hall, kitchen/breakfast r..."
"Semi detached property located in the Stoke area of Coventry, close to local amenities with easy access to the M6 motorway links. **NO UPWARD CHAIN**"
"A well presented semi detached 3 bedroom property built in 2012. Situated in a convenient location, Pleasant outlook to the greenery. this property is within close proximity to local schools, road networks and amenities. Sold with no upward chain. This property consists of an open plan ..."
Absolutely Stunning Semi Detached Home With Beautiful Modern Kitchen - 3 Bedrooms - Lovely Lounge / Diner - Drive To Front - Family Shower Room - Delightful Rear Garden - Gas Central Heating - UPVC Double Glazing - Superb Local Amenities And School Catchments - Call Today To View 
"Situated opposite Ravensdale Road with Ravensdale Primary School within close walking distance, this double stone bayed terraced property is to be sold with no chain. There is gas central heating together and double glazing and has been well maintained and warrants an internal inspection to be fu..."
"**NO CHAIN**LARGE BEDROOM ONE WITH DRESSING AREA AND ENSUITE**PARKING AND GARAGE TO REAR** Up Estates are pleased to bring to the market this lovely example of a modern three storey townhouse in a popular area with great connections and local amenities. Briefly comprising; Hall, Kitchen/Diner, WC..."
"Reeds Rains Coventry are delighted to bring to the market this very well presented and much improved THREE bedroom semi detached in Wyken. The accommodation offers Front Garden, Entrance Porch, Open Plan Hall and Re fitted Kitchen, Living/Dining Room, Three Bedrooms and Re Fitted Bathroom. Genero..."
"SPACIOUS BUNGALOW WITH A GENEROUS PLOT CLOSE TO JAGUAR LAND ROVER, COVENTRY CITY CENTRE & COVENTRY TRAIN STATION AND OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN. This lovely traditional semi-detached bungalow has huge potential and is conveniently located in the popular area of Crecy Road, Cheylesmore...."
"A Three Bedroom Double Bay Mid Terrace Property. Comprising of Through Lounge, extended L'Shape Kitchen/Diner, Three Bedrooms, First floor bathroom. uPVC double glazed and gas centrally heated. Gardens to front and rear. Garage to rear."
"A three bedroom, mid-terrace property situated in Cheylesmore. Benefits include two reception rooms, UPVC double glazing, gas central heating, and a garden to the rear. The property is located in walking distance to the City Centre and Coventry railway station, and with easy access to the A45 and..."
"A substantially extended semi-detached property offering well presented three storey accommodation situated in this convenient location within Whitley close to local schools, David Lloyd Coventry health club and excellent travel links via the nearby A45/A444 dual carriageways. The uPVC double gla..."
A Stunning Period End Of Terrace Cottage - Built In The 1800S - Set Over 3 Floors - Stacked With Charm & Character - 2/3 Bedrooms - Lovely Lounge - Dining Room / Bed 3 - Open Plan Kitchen / Diner - SAUNA - Stunning Bathroom - Large Rear Garden - Gas Central Heating - UPVC Double Glazing - No Chain
A superb opportunity has arisen to purchase this delightful well presented bay fronted family home in this great location of Exhall. This is a property that must be viewed internally so call now to register your interest!!
"A fabulous opportunity to acquire a spacious, well maintained three bedroom terraced property set in a quiet cul-de-sac, in the sought after location of Coundon. The property is conveniently positioned close to many local shops and transport links and is within walking distance to Christ the King..."
MODERN THREE BEDROOM HOME / END TERRACED / MASTER EN SUITE / FITTED KITCHEN DINER / CUL DE SAC LOCATION / OFF STREET PARKING / MODERN FAMILY BATHROOM / REAR GARDEN / CLOSE TO MOTORWAY NETWORK / NO ONWARD CHAIN
"*** CHAIN FREE*** LOVELY SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM END TERRACE HOME SITUATED WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO GOOD LOCAL SCHOOLS, SHOPS AND COVENTRY CITY CENTRE. This very well presented three bedroom, mid terrace family home is located in the sought after area of Coundon and within easy reach of..."
**NO UPWARD CHAIN** This end of terrace property is ideally suited for a family or as an investment given the size of accommodation on offer. This house needs to be viewed to be appreciated.
Five-bedroom investment property in Ball Hill currently with tenants paying £1100 per calendar month until September 2023. HMO licence application pending.
Situated in the residential area of Tile Hill this refurbished well presented three bedroom double bayed family home offers spacious accommodation throughout.
Attractive single bay fronted Terraced situated on a quiet cul-de-sac in the popular area of Chapelfields - Off-Road Parking for two vehicles - extended to the rear providing an open plan kitchen / diner - excellent school catchment area - short walk to Allesley Park & Lake View Park - modern kit...
"Well presented single bayed traditional style three bedroom mid terrace is situated in the popular area of Radford, close to Jubilee Crescent with local amenities and transport links"
Loveitts are delighted to bring to the market this well-presented and modernised three bedroom mid-terraced home located in the popular Coundon area of Coventry. This property is ideal for a first time buyer or a family and is offered with no onward chain. The accommodation briefly compr...
"Attention Investors: A recently refurbished four-bedroom, four-bathroom terraced house just outside Coventry City Centre. Perfectly Located for student tenants. Ideal HMO. Motivated vendor."
"*Virtual Tour Available* A fantastic opportunity to acquire a spacious, modern three-bedroom, end terraced family home. Set in a sought-after area of Kinlet Close, Daimler Green. Kinlet Close is situated close to many local amenities with Jubilee Crescent, a local parade of in..."
"SPACIOUS END TERRACE FAMILY HOME CLOSE TO JAGUAR LAND ROVER, COVENTRY CITY CENTRE & COVENTRY TRAIN STATION OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN. This lovely traditional property is conveniently located in the popular area of Cornelius Street, Cheylesmore. The ground floor offers an entrance hall..."
"*** A SUPERB FULLY RENOVATED THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME IN LONGFORD *** Offers excellent transport links, whilst comprising of two reception rooms, extended re-fitted kitchen, re-fitted bathroom, large rear garden with garage and has new gas central heating, wiring & double glazing. No chain"
"**MULT-CAR DRIVEWAY**DETACHED GARAGE**TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS**SEMI-DETACHED**SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION** UP Estates Coventry are proud to market this immaculately presented, two double bedroom semi detached home situated in an ever popular & convenient location. Within a stones throw to the University H..."
"NO CHAIN -Three Bedroom Family Home in Kersley, Coventry, Drive, Garage, Through Lounge, Modern Kitchen, Family Bathroom, Garden To Rear"
Welcome to this much sought-after area of Whitley. This PRETTY BAY FRONTED END TERRACED property will be a perfect family or first home
"Reeds Rains are delighted to offer this Immaculately Presented and Much Improved Four Bedroom Mid Terraced located in this Much Sought After Area. The accommodation offers Entrance Hall, Living Room, Dining Room, Well Fitted Kitchen, Three Bedrooms to First Floor, Shower Room and a Fur..."
"CHAIN FREE SALE ~ EARLSDON LOCATION ~ 3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS This spacious home is found just a short stroll away from Earlsdon Street with its fantastic restaurants, cafes and amenities. The house offers great potential with the scope to refurbish / modernise and add value. The property will..."
"Wilsons are delighted to offer FOR SALE this three bedroom mid terraced double bay property situated in the heart of Stoke. The accommodation affords; entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, three bedrooms and family bathroom. There are gardens to the front and rear. <..."
"OFFERED FOR SALE AT A REDUCED STARTING PRICE OF £240,000 TO FACILITATE A SECURE AND SPEEDY SALE. A rare gem has arisen to purchase this semi detached bungalow sitting on a generous sized plot. For sale with no chain, call now to register your interest!"
Elliott Quinn Estates are happy to bring to market this newly renovated three bedroom property.
A Wonderful Semi Detached Home Set In The Heart Of Finham - 2 Double Bedrooms - Family Bathroom - Lounge / Diner - Fitted Kitchen - Garage - Outside WC - Delightful Garden - Drive To Front - Finham Park Catchment Area - Excellent Local Amenities And Transport Links - Call Today To View - No Chain - 
"A mid terrace property situated in the residential area of Earlsdon, being close to the City Centre & Coventry University with four lettable rooms, which makes it an ideal investment opportunity."
"Bairstow Eves are pleased to offer this well presented three bedroom single bay terraced property situated on a quite cul-de-sac in the popular location of Chapelfields. The ground floor comprises an entrance hallway , spacious lounge / diner , extended modern kitchen / diner leading to the well ..."
Set in the heart of Earlsdon is this well presented period terraced home
Attention Investors - Superb Period Terraced Home - 5 Lettable Rooms - 2 Bathrooms - Lounge - Fitted Kitchen - Gardens To Front & Rear - Full HMO Licence - Currently Let At £1350 Per Month - Superb Location For Coventry & Warwick University - Call Today 
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a fully modernised two bedroom terraced house located in a popular area. Ideal first time buyer/family home. Benefiting from a new kitchen, bathroom, new heating system, fully re-decorated and new carpets. A large rear garden and decking, off-road parking and s..."
3 Bedroom Semi-Detached | No Chain | Garage & Driveway | Recently Refurbished Kitchen | Large Downstairs Living Space | Local Amenities Nearby | South Facing Garden | Popular Location of Mount Nod | Attention Families & First Time Buyers | E...
"Deceptively Spacious Halls Together Mid Terrace Family Home Situated Within A Sought After Setting of Coundon. Accommodation Comprising Entrance Hallway, Two Impressive Reception Rooms, Modern Kitchen, Three Ample Sized Bedrooms, Modern Family Bathroom & Well Presented Fore & Rear Gardens,"
"A great investment opportunity located within walking distance of the city centre and Coventry university, offered with no onward chain and HMO licence in place. The accommodation on the ground floor comprises a fitted kitchen, utility space, shower room, two double bedrooms with one boa..."
"Reeds Rains are pleased to offer with IMMEDIATE POSSESSION AND NO CHAIN this superb investment opportunity within minutes walk of the Coventry University and the City Centre . The Mid Terraced accommodation offers Entrance Hall, Bedroom, Living Room, Kitchen with Appliances, Shower Ro..."
"Situated in this popular development just off Ansty Road, this double bayed three bedroomed semi detached house represents ideal family accommodation. There is gas central heating and uPVC double glazing. Incorporating recess porch, entrance hall, through lounge/dining room with patio doors to th..."
*** MODERN *** REFURBISHED *** DETACHED BUNGALOW *** LUXURY BATHROOM *** BRIGHT AND SPACIOUS ROOMS *** BEAUTIFUL KITCHEN *** OFF ROAD PARKING *** LARGE GARDEN *** POTENTIAL TO EXTEND *** This wonderful three bedroom detached bungalow is very impressive on viewing. As you approach the pro...
* Property with Potential! * Highly spacious three-bedroom semi-detached home with lawful development certificate in place for a proposed change to a 6 bed 6 bath HMO.
"***Check Out The Video Tour*** We’re absolutely delighted to offer for sale this traditional, halls together double bayed home. Located in the popular area of Wyken, with everything you need close by - it’s the perfect family home. Within easy reach of University Hospital Coventry too! S..."
"A larger than average traditional end terrace property situated in this convenient position within Cheylesmore. The property is well placed with access to nearby shops, regular buses, Quinton Park and Pool and Manor Park Primary School. The property is offered for sale with immediate vacant posse..."
"***LOVELY EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED IN ASH GREEN***WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***AMPLE PARKING***GENEROUS GARDEN*** Accommodation in brief; entrance hall, through lounge dining room, with stunning fireplace, and fitted multi fuel burner, extended kitchen, two double bedrooms, and modern shower room. A..."
"Perfectly proportioned, the Alnwick has a stylish open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading into the garden, a good-sized living room and two double bedrooms. There's also off-road parking. Ideal for a first-time buyer looking for a fresh modern home you can make your own."
"**NEW KITCHEN**OPEN FIELD VIEWS**A well-presented three-bedroom, three bathroom terraced family home located in a quiet development in Keresley overlooking fields close to many local amenities such as the Hare and Hounds pub, President Kennedy & Cardinal Newman secondary schools, Beake Avenue ..."
"**FIELD VIEWS TO THE FRONT**REFITTED KITCHEN**THREE BEDROOMS**ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE** Situated on a small development in Keresley this terraced property is a great family home. The accommodation comprises: Entrance hallway, ground floor W/C, lounge with doors opening onto the garden. Newly fitt..."
"Fearn Malone are pleased to offer to the market this extended three-bedroom family that has been owned by the current owners for 52 years. This property is located within Stoke Green, which is a residential area located in the south-western part of Coventry. The area is known for its quiet and pe..."
"Purplebricks are pleased to present this well-presented family home in a highly sought-after location close to good schools and key road networks, ideally suited for professional couples and families alike.  This ideal first-time buyer's property in an ideal location within easy reach of good pr..."
Located on a no through road in the popular area of Coundon Green is this IMMACULATE home ideally positioned for popular schools and offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN
"***VIEWING ADVISED***DELIGHTFUL THREE BEDROOM MID TERRACED LOCATED IN STOKE COVENTRY*** Accommodation in brief; entrance hall, living room with bay window, fitted kitchen, with utility room, dining room with French doors, three well presented bedrooms, and family bathroom. Also benefiting from UP..."
"*VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE* This beautiful three bedroom terraced family home is situated within a quiet Cul-de-Sac, on a lovely housing development in Keresley with views over open countryside. The property is within the catchment of highly regarded schools including Holy Family primary school ..."
"*** NO CHAIN *** Bairstow Eves are pleased to offer this great opportunity to acquire a three bedroom, three storey, mid terrace property, situated in chapelfields just a short walk from both Coventry City and the popular Earlsdon Highstreet. The unique property on offer, comprises a gr..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a semi detached bungalow on the edge of Coventry. The property is within close proximity to the Arena retail shopping park with it's various retailers and eating outlets. Easy road links to the M6 and M69 motorways alongside the A444. This spacious home compri...
"**NO ONWARDS CHAIN**NEW BOILER** A three-bedroom semi-detached property for sale, offering great potential for family living.  Located in the popular area of Wyken the property is just off the Ansty Road, right by Walsgrave Hospital and with easy links to M6, A46 and local primary and secondar..."
Set in a sought after road in Eastern Green and within walking distance of Park Hill Primary School is this recently renovated three bedroom mid terrace property which provides a generous amount of open plan living space. In summary the property provides potential purchasers with; utility area...
Well Presented End Terrace | Occupying A Corner Plot | Ideal For A First Time Buyer | Close To Local Schools & Shops | Double Glazing | Gas Fired Central Heating | Porch | Hallway | Lounge Dining Room | Kitchen | Landing | two good size bedrooms | Bathroom WC | Gardens | Driveway | must be viewed
"A three bedroom terrace home within close proximity to the City Centre being ideal for landlords and professional couples alike. There is the added benefit of solar pannels being owned outright. The property includes a kitchen breakfast room and separate living room. There are 3 bedrooms, a show..."
"*INVESTMENT OR FAMILY HOME* GLB Property Services are pleased to present an immaculate 3 bedroom property. Within a 10 minute walk to Coventry City Centre, local schools, university, bus station and supermarkets. The property currently has a serviced accommodation agreement in p..."
2 Bedroom Terraced | Popular Location of Coundon | Attention Families & First Time Buyers | Excellent Local Schools & Amenities | New Boiler & Double Glazing | Tax Band B | Travel Links | Driveway | Front and Rear Garden | Home Office | EPC D 
"5% deposit paid worth £11,747.50. ."
***REDUCED MARKET VALUE HOME*** The Tailor features OPEN PLAN kitchen and dining area with FRENCH DOORS to the garden and front-facing living room. TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS with EN SUITE to the master and a modern family bathroom for the third bedroom. Call to learn more
"Evans Estates are Proud to Present this Beautiful Extended Family Home. The property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified). The property is situated in the Radford area of the city. The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, refitted kitchen dine..."
"**SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME**GARDENS TO SIDE & REAR**DIRECT ACCESS TO A GARAGE** This semi detached property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified) The accommodation comprises: hall, guest cloakroom, lounge, fitted kitchen and conservatory. On the first floo..."
"A very well presented traditional single bayed halls together end of terraced property, conveniently situated within this sought after location close to the city centre and Earlsdon. There is generous living accommodation comprising; front lounge, delightful dining room with double doors leading ..."
UNIQUE BEAUTIFUL PENTHOUSE APARTMENT... THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS... ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE... LARGE OUTSIDE BALCONY... MODERN KITCHEN WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES... TWO BATHROOMS... OPEN PLAN LIVING... This lovely City Centre apartment would be ideal for a buyer looking to live in the City ...
A delightful two bedroom home ideal starter home or investment in the popular Daimler Green.
"Reeds Rains Coventry are pleased to bring to the market this WELL PRESENTED SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME situated in this much sought after semi rural area with open aspect views. The accommodation offers Dining Room, Living Room, Kitchen, Store Room, Three Bedrooms and Bathroom. To the rea..."
"A much improved and attractively presented front single bayed mid terraced home with the rare benefit of both a ground floor cloakroom and first floor bathroom, situated in this popular and convenient location in the very heart of Earlsdon. With both gas heating and double glazing, the property ..."
"Unexpectedly back to the market! Viewing is highly recommended for this well presented and improved terrace home, suitable for first time buyers and families alike, being conveniently located for good schools, walking distance to Walsgrave Hospital, local amenities and close proximity to key road..."
Looking for a family home close to good schools? This extended bay fronted home could be perfect for you. A short walk from local schools and offering plenty of living space and a stylish kitchen. Call Haart NOW to book your viewing
"Link detached Three bedroom House situated to the West side of the City. Close to major road links and local woods. Briefly comprising: Ground floor cloakroom, Good size Lounge, Fitted Kitchen, Rear Sun Lounge. Three First Floor bedrooms, Master Bedroom with balcony, Second bedroom with En-suite ..."
**FULL WIDTH EXTENSION TO THE REAR**GARAGE TO THE REAR**OFF ROAD PARKING**NO CHAIN** This three bedroom mid terrace property has double glazing and gas central heating (where specified) The property is offered with no chain and situated close to Jubilee Crescent. The accommodation comprises: Hall...
"**Wrap Around Garden**Three Bedroom Semi-Detached Home** Up Estates are delighted to bring to the market this Semi-Detached, Three Bedroom situated in close proximity to a range of local amenities including a large variety of shops, road routes and schools. Briefly comprising; Entrance Hall, Loun..."
"A Three bedroom Double Bayed End of Terrace house situated to the East side of Coventry. Briefly comprising : Hall, through Lounge, Good size Kitchen, Landing, Three Bedrooms and first floor bathroom. Gas central heating, UPVC double glazing, Front & rear gardens with side access."
"Here we have a fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom property located in a popular area of Coventry within close proximity to a range of local shops, services and amenities. This property benefits from a social Kitchen/Diner, a useful Utility/Store area, off-road parking, and central ..."
"This spacious and modern 3 bedroom family home is available to purchase with No Upward Chain. The property is in a sough after location, close to shopping amenities, Schools and bus routes. Having been re-decorated throughout the property boasts to the ground floor:- 2 reception rooms, ..."
"Deceptively Spacious End Of Terrace Family Home Situated In Exhall. Accommodation Comprising Dual Aspect Lounge/Dining Room, Modern Fitted Kitchen With Integrated Appliances, Three Superb Sized Bedrooms, Contemporary Family Bathroom/W.C, Integrated Garage, Off Road Parking & Delightful Rear Garden."
"FAMILY HOME CLOSE FINHAM PARK SCHOOL CATCHMENT, CLOSE TO JAGUAR LANDROVER & THE MOTORWAY NETWORK. This traditional double bay fronted three bedroom end of terrace property is situated in the highly sought after location of Beanfield Avenue, Finham. The ground floor comprises of an en..."
HR estate agents are pleased to advertise this four bedroom serviced accommodation receiving £1350pcm ** NO CHAIN **
"**THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM**EXTENDED FAMILY HOME**BEAUTIFUL PRIVATE GARDEN**DRIVEWAY & GARAGE** This lovely, extended family home is now available for purchase very briefly comprising; driveway, garage with electric, porch, open plan lounge diner, storage cupboard, kitchen breakfast room, sun room an..."
"** NO CHAIN! ** CLOSE PROXIMITY TO UHCW! ** Deceptively Spacious End Of Terrace Family Home. Accommodation Comprising Large Airy Lounge/Dining Room, Fitted Kitchen, Three Bedrooms, Family Bathroom, Integrated Garage, Gated Off Road Parking & Great Set Of Local Amenities."
"****GREAT SIZE PARK HOME BENEFITTING FROM A MASTER EN-SUITE, FAMILY BATHROOM AND UTILITY ROOM ALONG WITH STUNNING COUNTRYSIDE VIEWS IN ALLESLEY**** KEY Estate Agents are delighted to offer For Sale this three bedroom park home in the desirable site of Harvest Hill Park. Internally, the property b..."
"CHECK OUT THIS NEWLY REFURBISHED HOME IN WYKEN, WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE OF ALL LOCAL AMENITIES! Upon entering, the 2 reception rooms are found on the right, both of similar size, 1 boasting a large bay window to the front illuminating the room with natural light. The kitchen is located at the ..."
Three Bedroom / Two Reception Rooms / Garage - Cheylesmore
Looking for a spacious home in good school catchment? This could be perfect for you. Offering plenty of living space and some lovely touches throughout and within easy reach of sought after schools. This is a MUST VIEW HOME
"**NO CHAIN!**RECENTLY FITTED BATHROOM**EXTENDED TO THE REAR**GARAGE & MULTI-CAR DRIVEWAY** Situated in the highly sought after Ashcombe Drive is this beautifully presented, semi-detached home. Briefly comprising; spacious driveway, entrance hall, open plan kitchen diner, office cupboard, living r..."
"A three bedroom penthouse apartment with an impressive wrap around balcony with views over the city centre. The property is over 1000 sq ft internally and boasts an impressive Living / Kitchen / Dining with windows to three sides -. En suite to master bedroom, two further bedrooms with a spa..."
"Evans Estates are Proud to Present this Very Well Presented Two Bedroom Detached Bungalow. The property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified). The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge and a refitted kitchen diner. There are two double bedroom and..."
"With a garage, parking area's and being sat within leafy, mature grounds, Holly Bank presents spacious, mid floor accommodation including three bedrooms, an impressive sitting dining room, a well equipped kitchen and a modern shower room."
"Located within the popular family district of Foleshill is this extended three bedroom family home. Situated within a short walk to Foleshill Rd shopping area with its plethora of independent shopping outlets offering a variety of international foods and clothing. Also banks, travel agents, rest..."
Shortland Horne are pleased to offer with NO UPWARD CHAIN AND IMMEDIATE POSSESSION this immaculately presented and much improved THREE BEDROOM family home location in this sought after and convenient area. This beautiful family home has been completely taken back to brick and extended t...
"**NO CHAIN**DOUBLE GATES LEAVING TO GARAGE**BEAUTIFUL LARGE GARDEN**THREE BEDROOMS**KITCHEN BREAKFAST ROOM**OPEN PLAN LOUNGE DINER** A fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom home with no forward chain, sizeable garden & detached garage! This home very briefly comprises; porch, entrance..."
"We are proud to present this terraced house on Ernsford Avenue. Situated in the popular area of Stoke this double bay fronted terrace property is offered to the market via online auction. This property provides a great opportunity to put your own stamp on a spacious, well located home. Ent..."
**NO ONWARD CHAIN** THREE BEDROOMS**REFITTED KITCHEN**DRIVEWAY AND GARAGE**REAR GARDEN**NO STAMP DUTY** We would like to introduce this three bedroom semi detached family home to the market. The property benefits from gas central heating and double glazing (as specified) The property has the fol...
***NO CHAIN** This deceptively spacious three bedroomed semi detached house has been well maintained for many years and enjoys a particularly well laid out mature lawned rear garden. Occupying a pleasant position just off Belgrave Road the property has gas central heating and uPVC double glazing...
"**NO CHAIN**DECEPTAVELY SPACIOUS THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM HOME**GARAGE, DRIVEWAY & PRIVATE GARDEN**WC & BATHROOM**SPACIOUS LOUNGE DINER** This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a well presented three double bedroom family home tucked away in a quiet cul de sac. Briefly comprising; driveway, gara..."
"This double fronted home on Lentons Lane is bursting with personality. It's a Four bedroomed home to make beautiful memories, celebrate and revel in life's milestones, and share many moments and laughs with your favourite people. Better still, this home is offered for sale with no upward chain!"
Looking for a spacious bungalow in the Binley area? Then look no further as we have the perfect property for you!! Call the office without delay to arrange your viewing!!
"**NO CHAIN**THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS**WC & BATHROOM**WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT**BEAUTIFUL OPEN VIEWS TO THE FRONT** Tucked away in a quiet cul de sac is this beautifully presented, deceptively spacious three double bedroom home in the sought after Glebefarm Grove. This property very briefly comprise..."
"GLB Are Pleased To Present A Perfect 3 Double Bedroom Family Home. The Property Is A Vacant Freehold Within A Great Location, Close To The City Centre, Large Super Markets, Retail Park & Motorway Links. The Perfect Home For A Family Or First Time Buyers With No Chain. T..."
"** DO NOT MISS THIS OPPORTUNITY! ** RECENTLY RENOVATED THROUGHOUT! ** IDEAL INVESTMENT! ** CLOSE PROXIMITY TO COVENTRY CITY UNIVERSITY! ** Accommodation comprising open plan lounge/dining room, modern fitted kitchen, three/four bedrooms, two bathrooms, uPVC double glazed, GCHS & rear garden."
A simply unique home ideally located for local amenities and schools. This spacious period home has been significantly improved throughout and must be viewed to appreciate the space and style on offer
"**FULL WIDTH EXTENSION TO THE REAR**THREE BEDROOMS**TWO BATHROOMS**NO CHAIN** This extended property is a great first time buy. The property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified) The accommodation comprises: Hall, through lounge/diner, extended kitchen and grou..."
"Reeds Rains Coventry are pleased to bring to market this ideal first time purchase. Benefits include a Gas Central Heating and Double Glazing and a Double Garage to rear. The accommodation offers Entrance Hall, Living Room, Dining Area, Kitchen, Three Bedrooms, Bathroom, Gardens to Front and Rear..."
TAKE A LOOK AT THIS BEAUTIFULLY MAINTAINED PROPERTY PERFECT FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS AND INVESTORS! To the front is a spacious yet cosy living room illuminated by a bay window and to the rear is a kitchen spanning the width of the home with ample cupboard space and access to a conservatory at the...
"An attractively presented traditional character mid-terraced property, retaining many original features and being situated within the heart of this sought after location. Benefitting from gas central heating, the accommodation briefly comprises; splendid lounge with feature fireplace, kitchen/din..."
"A spacious four bedroom, semi detached family home with double glazing and gas central heating. Comprising of an entrance hall, spacious lounge with feature brick fire place and laminate flooring, fitted kitchen including an integrated electric oven and gas hob and a range of wall and base units ..."
"**SEMI-DETACHED**THREE BEDROOMS**EXTENDED KITCHEN**GARAGE**DRIVEWAY
Benburys are pleased to present this spacious three bedroom family home which offers good sized rooms throughout and is sold with double glazing and gas central heating. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall, lounge, k..."
"A Three bedroom Double Bayed Terrace house situated to the East side of Coventry. Briefly comprising : Hall, through Lounge, Good size Kitchen, Landing, Three Bedrooms and first floor bathroom. Gas central heating, UPVC double glazing, Front & rear gardens and direct access drive."
"**Three Bedroom Family Home**Characterful Edwardian Features**South/West Facing Garden**Large Garden Room** This lovely family home on Harris road is now available for purchase very briefly comprising; entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, south/west facing garden with store and large garden room..."
"This three bedroomed, end terraced property is ready to move into and call home. Tucked in a cul de sac location in the CV3 area of Coventry, it’s perfect for families. With a tick box of Three Bedrooms…Off Road Parking…Conservatory…Enclosed Rear Garden…PVCu Windows & Doors…EPC Rating C…Gas Centr..."
A Superbly Presented Former Watchmakers Cottage - Accommodation Arranged Over Four Floors - Great Location With Easy Access Into The City Centre & Earlsdon High Street - Thought To Have Been Built Circa 1860 This Excellent First Time Buy Comprises - Living Room - Open Plan Dining Kitchen - Dining A
"Attention investors, close to Warwick University , please note this fine house is a non standard construction house , "
"A great opportunity to acquire a three storey, mid terrace property, situated just a short walk from both Coventry City and the popular Earlsdon Highstreet. The accommodation on offer comprises an entrance hallway with stairs rising to the first floor, a lounge, separate dining room, kit..."
"This homes comes with an upgraded kitchen & bathrooms worth £3,000 PLUS, you can save a further £3,000 with our 'BIG 3' offer. - Find out more below! Home 199 comes with an upgraded kitchen with integrated appliances (dishwasher, washing machine & fridge freezer), an upgrade..."
"**ATTENTION INVESTORS!! - FIVE LETTABLE ROOMS** ** 3D TOUR - 3D FLOORPLAN - 2D FLOORPLAN ** Wilsons are delighted to offer for sale this excellent investment opportunity, within close proximity of Warwick university. The property has been modified to suit investors and create a great income an..."
"Located within a short walk to the University hospital Coventry, Walsgrave triangle business park, Junction 2 of the M6 and the start of the M69 is this Scandinavian style, spacious family home. A great sized home comprising, a ground floor cloakroom, kitchen, study or 4th bedroom, open plan din..."
A Superb Traditional Terraced Home - Superb Investment Or Family Home - Lots Of Original Features - 3/4 Bedrooms - Lounge - Breakfast Kitchen - Delightful Rear Garden - Gas Central Heating - UPVC Double Glazing - Available With No Chain - SUPERB INVESTMENT POTENTIAL - Call Today To View 
A superb three bedroom town house situated a short walk from Coventry City Centre. This fantastic family property has been recently redecorated throughout and offers flexible family accommodation over three floors. Conveniently located close to Nause Mill park the property in brief comprises livi...
"This improved bay fronted home benefits from a light and spacious lounge diner, along with a re-fitted kitchen, re-fitted bathroom and a detached brick built garage. All within easy reach of local parks and schools and offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** Thiss property is offered with NO CHAIN. The property would be ideal for a buy to let investor, there is an opportunity to let out as rooms. The property is within walking distance to the City Centre. The property comprises of two reception rooms, kitchen diner with uti..."
A traditional double bayed end terrace property offering an ideal first time buyer/investment opportunity and being offered for sale with immediate vacant possession with no further chain. The property lies in this convenient position being within easy access of the City Centre and local amenitie...
"This 3 bedroom single bayed mid-terrace house is available to purchase with No Upward Chain. Located in the Stoke area of Coventry and close to schools, shopping amenities and bus links, this property is an ideal investment purchase or first time buy. The property briefly comprises of: ..."
"**NO CHAIN**RENOVATED THROUGHOUT** This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom extended family home with no forward chain and benefitting from being modern throughout! This property very briefly comprises; front lawn with potential for a driveway, entrance hall, living room, open ..."
"*** SPACIOUS FAMILY SIZED ACCOMMODATION IN POPULAR CHEYLESMORE LOCATION NEAR CITY CENTRE *** With through lounge/dining room, spacious modern kitchen, ground floor bathroom, first floor shower room, traditional bedrooms, garden to rear with garage & off road parking."
"A much improved and well presented family home the benefits from stylish and spacious accommodation, large rear garden and no onward chain. Located within easy reach of local schools parks and shops"
"**SIX BEDROOMS**NO CHAIN** An extended six-bedroom terraced family home located in the popular area of Henley Green for sale with no onwards chain. Briefly comprising of entrance hallway, lounge with feature gas fireplace, open plan kitchen/diner with electric oven, hob and space for appliance..."
"This property has recently benefited from redecoration and viewing is essential!!!! Set in this popular area we love all this property has to offer. Boasting a refitted kitchen, downstairs WC and two reception rooms. the first floor offers three bedrooms and a family bathroom. "
"This vastly extended and well presented three bedroom family home available to purchase with no upward chain. Located on a quite cul-de-sac in the Wyken Area of Coventry, the property is an ideal purchase for the expanding family. Briefly comprising to the ground floor:- Entrance porch ..."
"Viewing is essential to fully appreciate this immaculately presented and deceptively spacious single bayed terrace home in a highly sought after location suitable for first time buyers and families alike. There is an entrance hall, living room and a separate kitchen breakfast room with WC off. ..."
A handsome bay fronted three double bedroom family home with impressive 24ft living room. The property has been lovingly maintained and would make a superb investment or family home. Viewing is highly recommended. 
"Three bedroom semi-detached house located in Ladybird Avenue, Wood end, Coventry. Hallway, downstairs cloakroom, w/c and hand basin, Fitted kitchen/dining room. Spacious lounge with patio doors to the rear. First floor - two double bedrooms and a single bedroom. Family bathroom. ..."
"***IDEAL FAMILY HOME***REFITTED KITCHEN***REFITTED BATHROOM***NO CHAIN*** Located within close proximity to Coventry University Hospital, junction 2 of the M6 motorway and the start of the M69 motorway is this three bedroom halls together end of terrace family home. With local amenities close b..."
"**PROPERTY FEATURED IN OUR SPRING SALE**Was on the market from 14/03/23 to 01/04/23 at £230,000. Now for sale at Offers Over £225,000. **WELL PRESENTED FAMILY HOME**THREE BEDROOMS**DRIVEWAY**GREAT FIRST TIME BUY**NO CHAIN** This three bedroom semi detached property has the benefits of..."
"This four bedroom end of terrace family home is situated on quiet side road with a pleasant view over the local green and has double glazing & central heating throughout. In brief the ground floor comprises of a small porch leading to the entrance hall, a spacious lounge/diner with feature fire p..."
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a traditional, double bayed mid terrace home, ideal for families and first time buyers and offered with no onward chain. The property is located in the highly sought after area of Wyken and comprises a lounge, a dining room with patio doors leading out..."
Spacious semi detached bungalow located in a quiet cul de sac position and within easy access of the motorway network. Offered for sale with no upward chain.
"This three bedroom mid-terraced property is an ideal investment opportunity, is located a short walk away from Warwick University and is offered with no onward chain. The ground floor accommodation on offer comprises entrance hall with stairs rising to the first floor, lounge and fitted ..."
Located in a quiet cul de sac within the sought after area of Binley is this spacious end of terrace home that has been in the same ownership since it was constructed in 1958. The property sits in a generous plot and offers a wealth of potential. Offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN
"*NO UPWARD CHAIN* A mid terrace family home located within the sought after area residential area of Earlsdon with driveway & garage. The accommodation briefly comprises: lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen, three first floor bedrooms & fitted bathroom."
"Evans Estates are Very Proud to Present This Immaculate Extended Three Bedroom Family Home. The property is situated in the Radford area of the city. The property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified). The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, di..."
A well proportioned four bedroom family home which has been redecorated & re-carpeted throughout and further benefits from having a re-fitted kitchen & bathroom. To the ground floor is a spacious reception room with a full width kitchen/diner to the rear which has a range of fitted white high glo...
"**OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN**GARAGE TO THE REAR**VIEWS OVER OPEN FIELDS TO THE FRONT**A nicely situated end of terraced home with accommodation in brief comprising: Entrance hall, lounge, dining kitchen. On the first floor there are three bedrooms and a shower room. The property benefits from ..."
"Reeds Rains Coventry are delighted to bring to the market this Two Bedroom(which was formerly three bedroom) family home located in this popular and sought after area. This immaculately presented and much improved family home offers Entrance Porch, Entrance Hall, Living/Dining Room, Well Fitted ..."
3 Bedroom End of Terrace | Attention First Time Buyers & Investors | Renovation Opportunity |  Off Road Parking/ Large Garage | West Facing Garden | Good Sized Living Spaces | Downstairs Shower Room | Tax Band B | EPC D | Excellent Local Amenities&nb...
"*** RENOVATED THREE BEDROOM MID TERRACED HOME IN POPULAR COUNDON *** With living room, newly fitted kitchen, ground floor WC, under stairs storage, three fairly equal size bedrooms, newly fitted bathroom with shower, gas central heating and double glazing. first time buyers or investor landlords ..."
"National Residential are proud to present this high specification 5-bedroom terrace HMO property, located in this sought-after area. This freehold property is perfect for investors seeking a lucrative rental opportunity."
**FULL WIDTH EXTENSION AT THE REAR**THREE BEDROOMS**REAR ACCESS**GARAGE** We would like to introduce this three bedroom semi-detached family home to the market. The property benefits from gas central heating and double glazing (as specified) The property has the following family accommodation: p...
**NO ONWARD CHAIN**NO STAMP DUTY**PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY**TWO RECEPTION ROOMS**THREE BEDROOMS** We would like to introduce this three bedroom terraced family home to the market. The property benefits from gas central heating and double glazing (as specified) The property has the following family...
"Life Investments are pleased to present this spacious and well-presented three-bedroom semi-detached house located in the Holbrooks area of Coventry. Offering three double bedrooms, off road parking for multiple vehicles, a very large rear garden, gas central heating and uPVC double glazing."
"Purplebricks are pleased to bring to market this well-presented three-bedroom end of terrace family home. Situated in a sought after and convenient location suitable for first time buyers with driveway providing off road parking. On entering the property, you walk into a spacious lounge with st..."
"**NO UPWARD CHAIN** This double bayed mid terrace property situated in the residential area of Wyken, close to local schools, amenities and transport links."
"A well cared for semi detached property situated on the northern fringe of Coventry convenient for the City Centre, Nuneaton and the motorway network."
"**FEATURED IN OUR SPRING SALE** Was offers over £230,000 reduced to offers over £220,000 **REFITTED KITCHEN**CONSERVATORY**REFITTED BATHROOM**GARAGE**DRIVEWAY** Well Presented Three Bedroom Semi Detached House. The property is situated in the Holbrooks area of the city and w..."
"**SPACIOUS TOP FLOOR CORNER APARTMENT WITH COMMANDING VIEWS OF OPEN FIELD/WOODLAND AREA**NO FORWARD CHAIN**ALLOCATED PARKING ADJACENT TO LIFT ACCESS**THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, TWO BATHROOMS** This beautifully presented, spacious apartment is now available to purchase with no forward chain. Surro..."
"HR estate agents are pleased to advertise this three bedroom, two ensuites, HMO receiving £1350pcm ** NO CHAIN **"
A bright and spacious semi-detached home nestled in the popular Spirit Quarters development close to the University Hospital. This home was built in 2011 and has been re-decorated from top to bottom. The crisp white tones throughout compliment the copious amounts of light which emanate throughout...
"*ATTENTION INVESTORS OR FIRST TIME BUYERS* A modern three-bedroom penthouse duplex apartment located in the popular Bishopsgate Wharf development, close to Coventry city centre. The accommodation comprises of spacious open plan kitchen/diner with views overlooking the canal, a fitted kitchen with..."
"**NO CHAIN** This property is within walking distance to Coventry University and the City Centre. This would be an excellent opportunity for a first time buyer or buy to let investor. The property comprises of two reception roooms, kitchen with utilty area, downstairs shower room, two double bedr..."
Must be seen This well presented semi-detached home must be seen to be appreciated. This spacious accommodation offers a good size lounge and kitchen diner. The first floor offers three good size bedrooms and a modern bathroom. This family home offers off road parking and a ...
A great opportunity to purchase this extended mid terraced property in this popular location of Coventry. Offering good sized family living accommodation this is a property not to be missed. So call no to register your interest!!
"A traditional full double bayed mid-terraced property lying within the very heart of the popular suburb of Coundon. Offered with immediate vacant possession, the property will require general redecorating and tidying but offers huge scope for first time buyers to personalise and create a comforta..."
"Situated in the popular area of Wyken, this spacious three bedroom double bay fronted family home benefits from a driveway for two vehicles and a lovely rear garden and conservatory area to the rear. The beautiful home is certainly ideal for first time buyers and small families wanting to live in..."
"**LOFT ROOM**DETACHED GARAGE**LARGE OPEN PLAN LOUNGE DINER**WC/STORAGE** This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom end of terrace family home on Purcell Road. Very briefly comprising; entrance hall, lounge diner, WC, kitchen, lovely rear garden and detached garage to the ground ..."
Well presented three bedroom mid terraced property located in Coundon - double garage to the rear with power and lighting - gated rear entry - extended galley kitchen - modern bathroom - new boiler - low maintenance astro turf rear garden - good school catchment area - two separate reception room...
"Hr estate agents are pleased to advertise this three bedroom end of terraced property, tenanted at present for £925pcm. Located in the Stoke area of Coventry ** NO CHAIN**"
"**FOR SALE ON THE OPEN MARKET**FULL WIDTH EXTENSION AT THE REAR**THREE BEDROOMS**REAR ACCESS**NO CHAIN** This end terraced home has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified) The extended accommodation comprises: Porch, hall, through lounge/diner and a full width e..."
"This three bedroom, end of terrace family home is offered with no onward chain and is located just a short drive from the city. The property comprises an entrance hallway with stairs rising to the first floor, a lounge with bay window, separate dining room and a fitted kitchen with acces..."
Reeds Rains Coventry are pleased to offer with NO UPWARD CHAIN AND IMMEDIATE POSSESSION this THREE BEDROOM MID TERRACED FAMILY HOME OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY located within walking distance to Coventry City Centre. Benefits include a Gas Central Heating System with recently installed new boile...
"**DRIVEWAY FOR MULTIPLE VEHICLES**THREE BEDROOMS**TWO RECEPTION ROOMS**NO CHAIN** This three bedroom detached family home has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (a specified). The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, and kitchen. To the first floor..."
"**THREE BEDROOMS**EXTENDED ACCOMMODATION** Double bay fronted family home in the popular Coundon area. The property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified) The accommodation comprises: Hall, through lounge/diner, extended fitted kitchen and sun room. To the first..."
"Situated in the popular area of Coundon is this double bay fronted, halls together terrace family home. Within close proximity to local amenities including the Alvis retail park, infant and secondary schools and with great road access to the major links in and out of Coventry. The property has b..."
"**NO ONWARDS CHAIN** A three-bedroom terraced family home located in the popular area of Eastern Green conveniently located close to Parkhill and Mount Nod Primary school, Tile Hill train station, A45, Coventry City Centre. Will make a perfect family home"
"A three bedroom semi-detached property in this sought after location, with so much potential"
"Bay-fronted, three-bedroom end terraced home with parking at the front and garage at the rear offered for sale in this popular residential location."
"A stunning three-bedroom semi detached family home having undergone a recent comprehensive full refurbishment including heating, wiring, kitchen, bathroom and re-decoration throughout."
"***GREAT STARTER HOME***CLOSE TO MOTORWAY NETWORK*** Located within the popular area of Hawksbury Village is this charming two bedroom semi detached home. Set on a corner and offering a larger than normal garden for the size of house. Within close proximity to local amenities, schools, canalside..."
Looking for a lucrative rental opportunity? Look no further than this well-presented 5-bedroom end terrace HMO property in the desirable area of Coventry.
"This superb first time buyer property offers immaculately presented accommodation located in this popular and convenient area known as Hawkesbury Village. Benefits include a Gas Central Heating System, Double Glazing and a particular feature of this home is it's Fabulous Wood Burner in the livi..."
"A great sized three bedroom home, in need of modernisation but with loads of potential, for sale with no chain. A great location very close to Whitley Abbey Primary School, David Lloyd gym, supermarkets and the city centre."
"**IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT** Bairstow Eves are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented three Bedroom terraced property, this is not one to be missed. This bright & airy fully renovated three bedroom terrace residence provides a spacious modern lounge with large french doors &..."
"**NO CHAIN**DETACHED GARAGE**THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS**BEAUTIFUL FIELD VIEW** This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase an extended end terrace home with frontal field view in the sought after Allesley Park. This property briefly comprises; porch, entrance hall, kitchen breakfast room, lounge dine..."
This traditional double bayed end of terrace house is situated to the east of Coventry with excellent access to the M6/M69/A46 junction. The entrance at Clifford Bridge Road to the UHCW Hospital is within a ¼ of a mile on foot (1 mile by road to the main hospital building) and Ansty Park is less...
"**NEWLY REFURBISHED TWO BED BUNGALOW OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN** A superbly presented two-bedroom semi-detached bungalow situated in the ever-popular area of Larchwood Road, Exhall. The bungalow has been refurbished to a very high standard and must be viewed internally to appreciate ..."
"**NO CHAIN** This property is located in the Walsgrave area of Coventry, within walking distance to University Hospital, close to local amenities with easy access to M6 Motorway links. The property would be ideal for a first time buyer. The property comprises of two reception rooms, dining room/s..."
An extended and improved 'Halls Together' semi detached home ideally located for local shops and schools. The property is well presented throughout and has the added benefit of a detached brick built garage
This single bayed three bedroomed semi detached house offers excellent further potential enjoying a larger than average rear garden and having room to extend subject to relevant planning permission. There is gas central heating and uPVC double glazing and is to be sold with no chain. Comprising h...
"Located in the very popular area of Wyken, Parry Road is on the doorstep of nearby beautiful nature reserves, and with highly regarded schools and local amenities just a short walk away, it’s a great location for families. University Hospital is just a few minutes' drive and the property has easy..."
"Ideally located in the heart of Coundon is this original 1920's bay fronted home that is offered to the market for the first time in over 70 years. With great scope to create you perfect home, this property is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN and simply must be viewed"
"This three bedroom semi detached family home is situated in a convenient location in Allesley Park within easy reach of the local shops and schools. The accommodation features: entrance hall, living room, dining room, conservatory, kitchen, three bedrooms and bathroom, terraced rear garden with g..."
Offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this extended bay fronted terraced home in the highly popular Chaplefields Avenue. The property requires modernisation and comes with a large rear garden and garage
"Here is a modern Centre Terraced Two Bedroom House, pleasantly situated on this established estate in Coventry, with convenient access to the city centre, shopping centres and the motorway network."
"This semi-detached property is a great opportunity for first time buyers and families, positioned at the end of a cul-de-sac and offered with no onward chain. The accommodation on offer comprises an entrance hallway with stairs rising to the first floor, a lounge with access to under st..."
"If you're looking for your first home, one that offers so much more for your money, our brilliant Halstead home is for you.With the Halstead, you can enjoy a modern, well-designed home, with two double bedrooms and a garden, all for the price of a typical apartment. A stunning home to make y..."
"This end of terrace property is located in a quiet and peaceful cul-de-sac, just off Broad Lane on the edge of Eastern Green, close to local amenities, excellent schooling and superb transport links."
"This semi detached three bedroom family home has been refurbished and is in immaculate condition throughout. It is positioned perfectly in a quiet, private plot with a front and rear garden. Within a few minutes of local amenities and road links around Coventry and further afield. To appreciate t..."
Looking for space and a great location? This modern home has it in spades and is ideally located for local schools and amenities. With accommodation arranged over three floors and offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN
EXTENDED FAMILY HOME / END TERRACE / THREE BEDROOMS / TWO RECEPTION ROOMS / FITTED KITCHEN / FITTED BATHROOM / LARGE REAR GARDEN / POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION / IDEAL FIRST TIME PURCHASE / DOUBLE GLAZING / GAS CENTRAL HEATING / NO ONWARD CHAIN.
"We all crave a house that will provide space for the whole family - somewhere you can put your mark on to create the perfect family home. This terrace house is bright, airy, clean and tidy. Boasting two great reception rooms, extended galley kitchen, plenty of garden space, whilst being surrounde..."
"Wonderfully presented 4 bed detached house located in Coventry Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Well appointed, recently renovated kitchen with base and wall units Spacious and cosy living room Master bedroom Three additional good sized bedr..."
"This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a beautifully presented 3-bedroom family home on the popular Rollason Road with no forward chain.   This is a highly convenient location, with close proximity to road and rail networks and local schools. Jubilee Crescent is literally around the corner..."
"**Traditional Bay Fronted Terrace - Three Bedrooms - Garage to Rear - Close to Amenities** Fantastic oppotunity to purchase this well appointed home, which in brief comprises: Entrance hallway, lounge and kitchen/diner to the ground floor. There is a landing, three bedrooms and bathroom to the..."
"Purplebricks are proud to present this well presented three-bedroom semi-detached family home, with early viewing is highly recommended!  On entering the property there is an entrance hall giving access on the ground floor to a lounge area with bay window to the front. To the rear is a separate..."
"A traditional mid-terrace property situated within this sought after location just off Earlsdon High Street and being ideally suited for a first time buyer. Benefitting from gas central heating and double glazing, the accommodation briefly comprises; splendid through lounge/dining room, kitchen, ..."
"Evans Estates are Proud to Present this Three Bedroom Semi Detached Family Home. The property is situated in the Radford area of the city and has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified). The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge and kitchen diner. To th..."
"This lovely three bedroom end of terrace property is situated in the popular location of Denham Avenue, Allesley Park and is conveniently close to the A45, shops and Birmingham Airport with the ground floor offering a Storm Porch, an entrance hallway, spacious lounge, separate dining room which h..."
"Three Bedroom Detached Property situated north of Coventry. It's Double Glazed & Gas Centrally Heated. Spacious Lounge. Fitted Kitchen. First Floor Fitted Bathroom. Gardens to Front, Rear & side of property. Direct Access Drive to Garage."
"**NO CHAIN**NO STAMP DUTY**TWO RECEPTION ROOMS**THREE BEDROOMS**BATHROOM & SHOWER ROOM** This double bay fronted terraced property has gas central heating and double glazing (as specified) The accommodation comprises: Porch, hall, lounge, fitted kitchen, dining room and ground floor shower ro..."
Close to Coventry City Centre & University. A spacious Townhouse situated in the sought after area of Stoke within short walking distance to both Coventry University and the City Centre
Offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this deceptively spacious period end of terrace home. Set on a quiet no through road and within easy reach of local amenities
2 Bedroom Semi-Detached | No Chain | Attention First Time Buyers & Investors | Driveway for Two Cars | Gas Central Heating & Fully Double Glazed | Great Size Living and Bedroom Spaces | Down Stairs Bathroom & Upstairs Shower Room | Log Burner | EPC D | Tax Band B&nbs...
** NO UPWARD CHAIN** This three bedroom double bayed mid terrace property is situated in the residential area of Courthouse Green. EPC RATING: E
"A traditional double bayed terrace located in the popular area of Wyken, ideal for first time purchasers and families. The accommodation comprises an entrance porch, an entrance hall with stairs rising to the first floor floor, a through lounge/diner with French doors leading out onto th..."
"Purplebricks are pleased to present this well-presented end-terraced extended family home on a popular residential street.  Situated within a few minutes of Gallagher Retail Park, local schools and bus services as well as being within easy access of the A444 and M6 road networks and the Universi..."
"Three bedroom detached family home is situated in a desirable location close to Coventry University Hospital, motorway links and local amenities."
"Evans Estates are Proud to Present this Three Bedroom Terraced Family Home Offered with No Upward Chain. The property is situated in the Coundon area of the city and has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified). The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge ..."
Three bedroom modern end of terrace property situated on the popular Stoke village development which would be an ideal first time home or investment opportunity.
"Hr estate agents are pleased to advertise this two bedroom mid terraced property, tenanted at present for £925pcm. Located in the Stoke area of Coventry ** NO CHAIN**"
"Located on the to the east of Coventry city centre, close to local amenities, the ring road, A444 and the motorway network. This is a good size mid terrace property. The property has been used as a HMO previously and a family rental in the past. The property briefly consists of an entrance hall..."
"**EXTENDED TO THE REAR**WELL PRESENTED FAMILY HOME**THREE BEDROOMS**TWO RECEPTION ROOMS** This well presented family home has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified) The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, lounge, fitted kitchen diner, then a further extended rec..."
Evans Estates are Proud to Present This Three Bedroom Double Bay Fronted Terraced House Situated in the Poets Corner area of the city. The property is offered with no upward chain. The property is part double glazed with electric storage heaters (as specified). The accommodation comprises of an e...
"Well-presented 3/4 bedroom terraced house located in Coventry, West Midlands. Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hall Bright and spacious living room Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Additional nicely sized reception room currently used as a d..."
This is a double bay three bedroom terraced house with no onward chain and is located to the east of Coventry. With access to major motorway links. Briefly comprises UPVC double glazed windows and gas centrally heated radiators. Access to the rear with a concrete garage. Currently tenanted until ...
"*NO UPWARD CHAIN* Mid terrace property located within the sought after area Keresley and is conveniently located close to local amenities, popular schools and bus links to the City Centre. Briefly comprising: lounge, fitted kitchen, three bedrooms and a fitted bathroom."
Evans Estates are Proud to Present this Three Bedroom Family Home. The property is situated in the Keresley area of the city. The property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified) and is offered with no upward chain. The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall...
"**SPACIOUS PRIVATE GARDEN**QUIET CUL DE SAC**WC & BATHROOM** This fantastic property is now available for purchase, very briefly comprising; front lawn, off road parking, entrance hall, WC, kitchen, lounge/diner, beautiful private rear garden to the ground floor. On the first floor there are two ..."
"Whitegates are pleased to present this excellently presented three bedroom mid terrace property with easy links to the M6 motorway network and the 'University' Hospital in Walsgrave. The property benefits from having gas central heating, double glazing, an extended kitchen and a large garage to t..."
***CHARACTER FAMILY HOME*** Sandpits Lane leads from Tamworth Road and the property is situated within easy reach of attractive open countryside. The City Centre is approximately three and a half miles away providing comprehensive amenities and just to the south of the centre is the main line ra...
Superb End Of Terrace Home - Set In The Popular Location Of Potters Green - 3 Bedrooms - Shower Room - Lounge - Kitchen / Diner - Conservatory - Drive - Rear Garden - Modern UPVC Windows - Modern Gas Central Heating - NO CHAIN - Check Out My Floor Plan - Call Today To View 
"** STARTING BID £205,000 ** Offered for sale at a reduced asking price to facilitate a speedy and secure sale!! With three good size bedrooms, driveway, garage and close to a local primary school, this property really must be viewed to appreciate what's on offer."
"** GREATLY REDCUED BY £15,000 FOR A QUICK SALE ** A conveniently located, single bayed, mid-terraced property situated within the heart of Wyken. Offered with immediate vacant possession, the property has both gas heating and double glazing together with a longer than average rear garden, featuri..."
Attention Investors - Superb Investment - Currently Let At £1275PM - 4 Lettable Rooms - Lounge - Kitchen - Bathroom - En-Suite - Delightful Gardens To Front & Rear - CHECK OUT MY FLOOR PLAN - Call Today - Rental Yield 7.46% 
Looking for a spacious 3-bedroom semi-detached property with plenty of potential? Look no further than this stunning corner plot located on Hyde Road in Coventry.
"Bairstoweves are pleased to offer this modern, two bedroom terraced family home. The property must be viewed to be fully appreciated. If you are looking for a great first time buy to move straight into with no works required, look no further. The property is located in the popular area of Tilehil..."
"**TENANT IN SITU** This traditional mid terrace property benefits from two downstairs reception rooms, three bedrooms, upstairs WC and south facing, private rear garden. This property is located in Earlsdon and is situated close to excellent local amenities as well being within one mile of the ci..."
A recently redecorated three bed end of terraced house in the sought-after area of Holbrooks
"**NO CHAIN** This two double bedroom home situated within easy walking distance to a range of amenities is now available for purchase with no forward chain! Briefly comprising; entrance hall, spacious lounge diner, kitchen breakfast room and good sized rear garden to the ground floor. On the firs..."
"Nestled in a quite cul de sac in this popular Binley location is this well presented Scandinavian style bungalow, offered to the market with no onward chain"
Shortland Horne are pleased to offer this large second floor two bedroom apartment which was built in 2016. This apartment is an ideal investment or first-time buyers and is within walking distance to the city centre and is currently achieving a rental income of £900 per calendar month excluding ...
"This modern built, semi detached home is nestled in a quiet, friendly, cul de sac in Walsrave. Inside, the neutral colour palette compliments the copious amounts of light which emanate through the rooms. This is a happy place which ticks all the boxes for first time buyers and someone looking for..."
"Looking for your first home? This spacious home is well presented throughout, meaning you can simply move in and enjoy. Ideally located for local amenities and the City Centre and with plenty of character. Like what you see? Call Haart NOW to book your viewing"
"*** SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGLAOW IN POPULAR WYKEN LOCATION *** With off road parking, garage, garden to rear, living room, fitted kitchen, shower room and two double bedrooms. Situated in cul-de-sac, with gas central heated & double glazing. No upward chain & vacant possession."
"Offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this spacious terraced home that benefits from a large detached outbuilding, further garage and backs on to woodlands"
"This three bedroom semi-detached home is within easy reach of the motorway network, university hospital & local amenities and is offered with no upward chain. In brief the property comprises of a spacious entrance hall with stairs to the first floor, good size lounge/diner & a fitted kitchen wit..."
"A very good sized three bedroom semi detached home, set away from the road with a green outlook to the front, but with rear vehicular access."
"Evans Estates are Proud to Present this Two Bedroom Terraced Terraced House Situated in The Coundon area of the city. The property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified). The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge and kitchen. To the first floor the..."
"**FEATURED IN SPRING SALE EVENT**OPEN DAY SATURDAY 8TH OF APRIL**CALL FOR A TIME SLOT** Property was marketed at offers over £220,000 from 21/03/23 to 01/04/23, New Price Offers Over £200,000. We would like to introduce this three bedroom terraced family home to the market. The prope..."
"A sunny, modern, redecorated family home with three good size bedrooms and plenty of entertainment space. This ideal first-time buyer's or family property is situated in a popular, quiet area of Holbrooks. Good location, close to the local amenities and the transport network, Ricoh, M6, ..."
"Evans Estates are Proud to Present this Extended Three Bedroom Family Home. The property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified). The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, dining room and extended kitchen. To the first floor there are three bedroom..."
** A spacious bungalow in a very quiet Cul-de-Sac location. **
Evans Estates are Very Proud to Present This Three Bedroom End of Terrace Family Home Offered with No Upward Chain. The property is situated in The President Kennedy School Catchment. The property is offered with no upward chain and has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as s...
"Tonbridge Road in Whitley is a charming two bedroom home in a fantastic location. The property has been lovingly maintained by the current owners with neutral and warm tones throughout, from the living and kitchen/dining space to the two bedrooms on the first floor. You'll love the cast iron fire..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain is this well presented and deceptively spacious home, ideally located for local parks, schools and amenities"
"**PARKING TO REAR**MODERN THROUGHOUT**CLOSE TO HOSPITAL** A well-presented two-bedroom semi-detached bungalow for sale in the popular area of Potters Green. Over the road, there is a bus stop and local convenience shop, further down the road there is a pharmacy, hairdressers, a number of takea..."
**** INVESTMENT PROPERTY WITH 5 BEDROOMS AND SITUATED ON A LARGE PLOT *** Founders close is just off of Charter Avenue in Canley within 30-minute walk of the University. This 5 bedroom property would be a great investment whether
"**EXTENDED SPACIOUS KITCHEN LIVING DINER**WC & BATHROOM**QUIET CUL DE SAC IN COUNDON**LARGE GARDEN** This beautifully presented home is now available for purchase! Briefly comprising; driveway, hall, living room, kitchen diner flow through to family room, WC & spacious garden to the ground floor...."
This well presented three bedroom End terrace with gated off road secure parking at the rear is now available. House is located in the Stoke Heath Area of Coventry. Being close to the A444 this property has excellent transport links. This would make an ideal family home. The...
"Welcome to this beautifully presented 2 bed terraced house, showcasing a modern and elegant interior that's sure to impress. The house has been beautifully decorated to a high standard, with a stylish colour scheme and high-quality finishes throughout."
"Superb mid-terraced character property, conveniently located for access to Warwick and Coventry University, Coventry Centre, with access to road, bus, and rail networks. Accommodation comprises 2 double bedrooms, lounge with open fire, dining room, fitted kitchen, ground floor bathroom, rear garden."
Shortland Horne are pleased to offer to the market this lovely three bedroom family home located in Tile Hill. This offers a fantastic investment opportunity or first-time purchase. The property boasts excellent energy efficiency and currently has an EPC rating: B. This benefits fro...
"A three bedroom terrace family home in a great location, great school catchment, great amenities and road links. The garden is huge and the rooms are all a good size too, the property has great potential for improvement both cosmetically and STPP."
Investment and development opportunity - close to Warwick University - FREEHOLD
"Siutated just off Sewall Highway this traditional style double bayed three bedroomed terraced property is to be sold with no chain. There is gas central heating and double glazing, offers excellent potential and is accordingly priced. Incorporating entrance hall, bay windowed lounge, full width k..."
"Viewing is highly recommended for this deceptively spacious semi detached home in a sought after and convenient location. The property is ideally suited to professional couples and families alike and is available with no upward chain. There is an entrance hall with ground floor cloakroom off, mo..."
"A beautifully presented, spacious modern family home in a convenient location, close proximity to road and rail networks and local schools. The property comprises of an entrance hall, ground floor cloakroom, open plan living with lounge and kitchen diner. To the first floor there are two bedr..."
"A very well presented mid-terraced home, located very conveniently for a range of shops, pubs, the City Centre, both Warwick and Coventry Universities as well as the major road network."
"Evans Estates are proud to present this three bedroom family home situated in the Holbrooks area of the city and within The President Kennedy School Catchment. The property has the benefits of double glazing and gas central heating (as specified). The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, ..."
Wonderfully presented 2 bedroom terraced home in Coventry Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway with original Minton tiling Bright and airy front reception room with bay window and feature fireplace Well sized lounge with patio doors opening to garden mo...
"**NO CHAIN**IDEAL FTB OR INVESTMENT PURCHASE** A great opportunity to purchase a freehold, mid terraced two bedroom property just off Longfellow Road, Coventry. Comprising; Hall, Lounge/Diner, Kitchen, Conservatory, Two double Bedrooms and a Bathroom. Outside is a lawned garden with garage to rea..."
"**NO UPWARD CHAIN** SEMI-DETACHED**LARGE GARDEN**THREE BEDROOMS**
Benburys are pleased to present this lovely three bedroom semi-detached family home. The property benefits from lounge, kitchen/dining room looking out onto the 200ft rear garden. Upstairs their are 3 bedroom and a newly fitted bat..."
"A prominent and traditional three/four-bedroom end terraced house on Ball Hill, ripe for improvement and investment or alternatively, a spacious family home."
A STUNNING TWO BEDROOM END TERRACED PROPERTY IN GREAT CONDITION
"Discover your perfect home with Elliott Quinn Estates. We are delighted to present this stunning two bedroom house, offering an ideal opportunity for a First time buyer or investor."
Offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this well presented bay fronted home located within easy access of local schools and shops and with a low maintenance 90' rear garden
***WALKING DISTANCE TO HOSPITAL A CALUDON CASTLE SCHOOL*** Reeds Rains Coventry are now pleased to offer with NO UPWARD CHAIN and IMMEDIATE POSSESSION this well maintained and presented three bedroom middle terraced family home. Located in this sought after popular area which is within easy...
"We know you’re going to love this little gem as much as we do! Built in 2019, this stunning two bed, semi detached property sits on the Weavers Wharf development - being canal side you can enjoy the tranquil setting, take a lovely walk along, or simply watch the ducks play. Surrounded by great am..."
"Situated within close proximity to the University hospital Coventry, A444 road network and the Gallagher & Arena shopping parks is this extended and well presented two bedroom halls together end of terrace home. This ideal first time purchase comprises an entrance hallway, living room with desig..."
"LewisOliver are proud to present this Spacious, Modern, Semi Detached Family Home in Keresley End. Situated close to the Local Shop/Post office, Doctors Surgery and Bus Stop, along with being in close proximity to the Prologis Park and Ricoh Arena, this property would be ideal for working familie..."
LewisOliver are please to present this recently renovated three bedroom mid terrace house. This property also comes with additional secure gated land at the rear of the property which has multipurpose development potential Subject to Planning Permissions. This property is within easy reach of loc...
A Deceptively Spacious And Very Well Presented Semi Detached Bungalow In Popular Residential Location - Standing On A Corner Plot This Lovely Home Which Is Centrally Heated and Double Glazed Comprises - Welcoming Entrance Hall - Large Living Room With Feature Fireplace - Recently Refurbished Kitchen
"***IDEAL FIRST TIME HOME*** A well presented three bedroom, end of terrace family home with double glazing and central heating that is well placed for local amenities & public transport. There is a large through lounge / diner with bay window and feature fireplace, a fitted galley style kitchen w..."
"Situated in a cul-de-sac setting this three bedroomed terraced house is to be sold with vacant possession or with the current tenant in-situ. There is gas central heating and uPVC double glazing and the property incorporates hall, open plan kitchen, full width lounge/dining room with twin patio d..."
