Summary
** VIEWINGS STRICTLY VIA APPOINTMENT ** If you are searching for a substantial family home then you search is over!
"ECCLESBOURNE SCHOOL CATCHMENT AREA - Individual architecturally designed property home offering over 3400 square feet of high specification living accommodation over three floors. The accommodation offers five double bedrooms, dressing room, two en-suites and two beautifully appointed co..."
BEAUTIFUL HOME SET IN LARGE GARDENS - Fine 1920's built detached residence formerly known as The Vicarage to St Matthews Church in Darley Abbey. Close To Darley Park and Allestree Park.
"***NEW OFFER - Reserve a plot at Stephenson Gardens in Littleover and Ivygrove will offer up to £15,000 to spend on extras - LIMITED TIME ONLY*** The extras are limited to fitted carpets and or fitted wardrobes using Ivygrove’s nominated contractors (see terms and conditions within details) *** ..."
"***NEW OFFER - Reserve a plot at Stephenson Gardens in Littleover and Ivygrove will offer up to £15,000 to spend on extras - LIMITED TIME ONLY*** The extras are limited to fitted carpets and or fitted wardrobes using Ivygrove’s nominated contractors (see terms and conditions within details) *** S..."
"***NEW OFFER - Reserve a plot at Stephenson Gardens in Littleover and Ivygrove will offer up to £15,000 to spend on extras - LIMITED TIME ONLY***The extras are limited to fitted carpets and or fitted wardrobes using Ivygrove’s nominated contractors (see terms and conditions within details) *** - ..."
ECCLESBOURNE SCHOOL CATCHMENT AREA – Highly appealing four bedroom detached property set on a generous garden plot with views over the Derwent Valley occupying a cul-de-sac location close to the charming walks over Bunkers Hill to Duffield. The property offers excellent potential to be i...
OFFERING EXCELLENT POTENTIAL FOR FURTHER REDEVELOPMENT - Charming five bedroom detached family home with an extensive south facing garden
"Enjoying a commanding position with superb views over the Derwent valley, this is an exceptionally well presented four/five bedroom detached family home still offering excellent potential for further extension and re-development. Ecclesbourne School Catchment."
"ECCLESBOURNE SCHOOL CATCHMENT AREA – Beautiful 5/6 Bedroom Edwardian detached property with private garden, large driveway and double garage located close to Allestree Park."
"***NEW OFFER - Reserve a plot at Stephenson Gardens in Littleover and Ivygrove will offer up to £15,000 to spend on extras - LIMITED TIME ONLY***The extras are limited to fitted carpets and or fitted wardrobes using Ivygrove’s nominated contractors (see terms and conditions within details) *** S..."
ECCLESBOURNE SCHOOL CATCHMENT AREA – A four bedroom detached residence enjoying a south facing garden located in a quiet cul-de-sac close to the charming walks over Bunkers Hill to Duffield. The property does offer potential to be extended and our current clients have planning granted fo...
"*** SELECT PROPERTY *** This expansive, stylish and high specification home offers architect designed, modern and spacious accommodation, a generous plot and the added benefit of a self-contained apartment. Finished to the highest of standards, an internal viewing is a must. Standing well back..."
An opportunity to acquire a freehold site with full planning permission for 7 units approximately 1.5 miles from the city centre of Derby.
"Situated in the heart of Darley Abbey, within a short walk of the delightful Darley Park, this is a well appointed five bedroom detached property which benefits from gas central heating, double glazing, gardens, driveway and double garage."
FAMILY HOUSE WITH ANNEXE! - A unique and rare opportunity to acquire one of Allestree's most highly individual four bedroom detached home with a three bedroom annexe enjoying far reaching views over to Allestree Hall and Allestree Park. The property sits on a deep garden plot extending t...
"A truly stunning and spacious detached family home approx. 2,577 sqft, located on a generously sized plot of approximately 1/3 acre. Nestled in the highly sought-after area of Manor Road, Derby, this property offers generous living accommodation and is perfectly suited for a growing family."
"Private, peaceful and contemporary living describes what No.5 The Plantation has to offer. This property, situated in a bespoke, gated development in the heart of Littleover, Derby just has to be viewed to fully appreciate how much versatile living space is on offer here."
"This modern, spacious and stunningly well presented four bedroom detached residence is located in the most sought after area of Allestree and offers well proportioned accommodation finished to the highest of specifications. Located in a cul-de-sac of modern high quality homes, the property ben..."
A substantial seven double bedroom detached property offering over 2550 SF of accommodation in a sought after location situated on a large plot ideally suited to family living.
"LITTLEOVER SCHOOL CATCHMENT - A most spacious, FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM, three storey detached home of style and character, occupying this highly sought after location on Pastures Hill in the highly desirable suburb of Littleover. Constructed in 2002 and offering around 1900 square feet of living acco..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £700,000-£750,000*** Location-Location-Location! New to the market is this extended executive detached family home located in a very sought-after position. The property would ideally suit families and an early internal inspection should be undertaken to avoid disappo..."
"An attractive and well appointed, spacious three bedroom, detached bungalow situated on a generous size plot with a large garden to rear and side and ample off-road parking to the front. The property is well maintained throughout, extended to the side and rear and must be viewed to appreciate th..."
NO CHAIN - A fantastic opportunity to acquire this four bedroom detached property with driveway for three cars and integral garage with views over a green to the front.
STUNNING BUNGALOW - PRIVATE GARDEN - OPEN VIEWS - Superior three double bedroom detached bungalow offering spacious high specification living accommodation and located in this highly desirable location with delightful views towards Breadsall Village Church. This superb single-storey prop...
"Excellent Modern HMO Residential Investment. Current gross income - £68,640 per annum.
"
"A handsome detached residence featuring a striking symmetrical style, providing highly impressive living and sleeping accommodation arranged over three floors also with a beautiful garden, double garage and large attached brick built store, located on this executive development in the highly soug..."
"""WOW"" IS PROBABLY GOING TO BE THE FIRST THING YOU SAY WHEN YOU VIEW THIS PICTURESQUE HOME IN THE DESIRABLE VILLAGE OF BREADSALL! THIS FAR FROM AVERAGE DETACHED DORMA BUNGALOW BOASTS FIVE GENEROUS BEDROOMS, THREE BATHROOMS AND FOUR RECEPTON ROOMS. THERE IS NOTHING NOT TO LOVE ABOUT THIS IDYLLIC HOME!"
PRIVATE CUL-DE-SAC BETWEEN ALLESTREE & QUARNDON - Highly appealing four double bedroom - three bathroom detached home with private garden and double garage.
"This stunning detached residence is nestled in the pretty village location of Breadsall and offer versatile living accommodation throughout. The property features open plan living giving, master bedrooms suite, landscaped gardens, driveway and detached double garage."
A substantial double fronted detached period residence enjoying a favoured location close to the City centre - Currently used as a Commercial Office but with Excellent Potential (Subject to Planning) to convert to a superior home
"** SELECT PROPERTY ** Rare to the market is this beautiful, double-fronted, Edwardian detached family home. Thoughtfully extended and enhanced, Claremont House offers modern and impressive original features throughout including Minton flooring and sash windows, high ceilings with coving and ceili..."
"Soak up stunning views of the countryside with three storeys of luxury living. Presenting 6 lavishly sized double bedrooms, a substantially sized kitchen with a central island, and a grand sociable living room. Perfect for modern family living."
"Property number 48570.
We are proud to offer this impressive and spacious, 3 storey, 4 bed, 4 ensuite showhome. Set in a small cul-de-sac as part of an exclusive new development; situated in south Derby. Easy access to the A50 with access to the A6, A38 and M1 The home has a professionally styled..."
"EXCLUSIVE LOCATION & GENEROUS GARDEN PLOT - A superior, six double bedroom three storey detached residence, offering over 2700 square feet of beautifully appointed living accommodation and offering a generous rear garden which we believe to be one of the largest plots on this development. The pro..."
"A stunning six/five bedroom house with living room and gallery leading to formal dining room, extensive open plan living/dining kitchen, master and guest suites including walk-in dressing rooms and ensuites, spacious games room, study and double garage."
"One of Allestree's premier six bedroomed family homes, well presented throughout and occupying an excellent plot in a fantastic location. The accommodation on offer briefly comprises; Entrance hallway; reception room/games room; living room; ground floor bedroom with en suite and dressing sp..."
"A most spacious detached family residence featuring five bedrooms, two en-suites, three reception rooms, double garage along with a prime Allestree location."
"GUIDE PRICE - £625,000 - £650,000
The space and style that this property offers a family are second to none, with the bonus of it being within walking distance of Chellaston Academy!"
"This impressive semi detached Edwardian Villa dates back to 1905 and offers generous living accommodation arranged over three floors. The property is beautifully presented throughout and features five reception rooms, six bedrooms, generous garden and garage and plenty of parking."
Rare Freehold Opportunity.Impressive large two-storey Italianate style villa with belvedere set in its own mature grounds with extensive block paved driveway and parking area. The property comprises 2 x two-bed and 5 x one-bed well proportioned and self-contained flats each with separate li...
"THIS HOME DEFINITELY OFFERS THE WOW FACTOR! – An extremely spacious, well appointed, four bedroom extended detached family home situated on a generous size plot with large rear garden, off-road parking, single garage and offering taste, contemporary styled décor throughout with spectacular finis..."
A superb high specification five bedroom detached house which has been extended providing wonderful spacious accommodation
Key features Detached modern family home; finished to a high standard Four spacious double bedrooms with two ensuites  Four downstairs reception rooms that could double as additional bedrooms Set in a generous and private corner plot Ecclesbourne catchment area Open plan ki...
Superbly positioned large five bedroom detached residence occupying a highly sought after location off Porters Lane in a very quiet cul-de-sac location
***VIEWING ESSENTIAL TO APPRECIATE THE STANDARD OF ACCOMMODATION ON OFFER!!** This property is also in catchment to Chellaston Academy. Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this immaculately presented double fronted five bedroom detached family home situated in a sought after locati...
"** BEAUTIFUL LANDSCAPED PRIVATE GARDEN, FIVE BEDROOMS ** - A most spacious, five bedroom detached that sits on an elevated position, well set back from the road and in a small development of just three properties. The living accommodation extends to 1787 square feet and is presented to a high sta..."
"CURRENTLY A COMMERCIAL PROPERTY. Large detached property currently a health clinic, large car park to the rear "
NO CHAIN - A fantastic and rare opportunity to acquire this two/three bedroom detached bungalow with driveway and large rear garden in the ever popular location of Littleover.
Enjoying a beautiful position within the heart of the village and Ecclesbourne school catchment is this stunning four bedroom detached family home also featuring a superb open plan extended living dining kitchen and delightfully landscaped gardens.
LARGE FAMILY HOME - Six bedroom detached residence occupying a quiet cul-de-sac and convenient location close to the city centre
"PREMIER LOCATION - A most attractive four double bedroom of style and character, set within one of Mickleover's most sought after locations. This beautifully appointed home offers a high quality finish and specification throughout including bespoke plantation shutters and Kedleston Interiors des..."
LYNWOOD - Most charming home of style and character set in generous mature gardens located in a prime position in Quarndon Village. The property is believed to date back to the mid 1830's and has an attractive symmetrical facade with twin bay windows beneath a traditional pitched slate r...
"Situated in the heart of Derby, close to the vibrant city centre, this is a substantial four bedroom detached property, recently re-roofed and benefiting from gas central heating, double glazing and large gardens to both the front and rear."
"*** SELECT PROPERTY *** This expansive detached family home is located in one of Allestree's most sought after cul-de-sacs and offers three generous reception rooms, a sunroom and a spacious breakfast kitchen. With four well proportioned bedrooms and a master en suite - it must be viewed. Ben..."
"*Prestigious 5 bedroom home* 17ft LOUNGE , L-SHAPED BREAKFAST KITCHEN with French doors, STUDY/PLAYROOM, Principal bedroom with DRESSING AREA, 2 bedrooms EN-SUITE & DOUBLE GARAGE"
"*** SELECT PROPERTY *** This spacious, largely extended and well presented four bedroomed detached family home offers three reception rooms, master en-suite and a beautiful, generous rear garden. Ideally located in the sought after area of Allestree - an internal inspection is highly recommended...."
"LITTLEOVER SCHOOL & WREN PARK SCHOOL CATCHMENT - A beautifully presented and extended four bedroom, 1930's style detached home of style and character with generous mature rear garden and superb 18ft x 15ft timber framed summerhouse - NO CHAIN INVOLVED The property has the benefit of gas ..."
"Executive detached family home offering light and spacious, stylish accommodation situated in this highly aspirational locality within the renowned Littleover Secondary School, Wren Park Primary School catchments and within close proximity to Derby High School for girls and boys together with D..."
"This modern, expansive and well presented five bedroomed detached bungalow is located along a private road in the most sought after area of Chellaston. With generous accommodation including a two-storey, detached two bedroomed self-contained annex, a detached garage and ample parking, it must be ..."
"*** SELECT PROPERTY *** This expansive, six bedroomed detached home stands overlooking a beautiful open green space and could not be better located. With a stunning open plan living/kitchen/diner, spacious lounge, separate dining room and three bathrooms - it offers all the space you could ever n..."
"A four bedroom, two bathroom detached family home with double garage located off Broadway close to the A38, Markeaton Park and Darley Park within a small cul-de-sac location. The property is constructed of attractive facia brick to the external elevation all under a pitched tiled roof an..."
"Enjoying a favoured and popular location close within the heart of the old Spondon Village, this highly appealing four bedroom Georgian double fronted detached residence offers stylish living accommodation."
NO CHAIN - LARGE PLOT - An extended period four bedroom detached property in a sought after location in Chellaston offered for sale with no onward chain.
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** Built circa 1890's is this extended, four bedroom detached property offering an abundance of character. Brought to the market with no upward chain, this family home offers deceptively spacious living accommodation, solar panels, off road parking together with a detached g..."
A spacious three bedroom detached bungalow on a good size plot in Darley Abbey offered for sale with no onward chain.
"An attractive detached residence offering flexible spacious living and sleeping accommodation with delightful private garden, two driveways and garage located in this highly sought after village location."
"** MOST SPACIOUS DETACHED HOUSE** 4/5 BEDROOMS ** GROUND FLOOR W.C.**** TWO SHOWER ROOMS** REFITTED KITCHEN** UTILITY ROOM **SPACIOUS LOUNGE****DINING ROOM** LOTS OF PARKING** GARDENS TO FRONT, SIDE AND REAR**"
"Looking for your forever family home then look no further. Introducing this extremely well presented four bedroom detached family home, viewing is strongly advised to truly appreciate the fantastic living accommodation that the property offers. It doesn't stop with the well proportioned rooms th..."
"A beautifully presented and modestly improved four bedroom detached family home, occupying an excellent plot nestled in one of Oakwoods most sought after cul-de-sac locations. The accommodation on offer very briefly comprises; Entrance hallway, spacious lounge, formal dining room, a third flexib..."
"*** SELECT PROPERTY *** A beautifully presented and ideally located five bedroom semi-detached period home, situated in one of Derby's most sought-after locations and boasting a wealth of traditional features together with modern conveniences, lawned gardens and off road parking. Benefiting fr..."
"Extended and spacious family home located a short walk from Littleover village centre offering four bedrooms, two reception rooms, breakfast kitchen, conservatory. ground floor cloakroom, driveway, large garage and generous sized and private rear garden, being sold with no upward chain. The pro..."
"This traditional extended detached residence offers generous and well presented living accommodation and would make a great family home. The property features two reception rooms, four bedrooms driveway and garage and is located close to the Royal Derby Hospital and is within Littleover catchment."
"A top floor apartment with character, charm and space situated on the corner offering a large, light and airy lounge with generous rooms throughout and an ideal first time buy or investment opportunity. In brief, the accommodation comprises of: Entrance hall, two double bedrooms, en-su..."
"Beautiful four bedroom double fronted traditional detached bungalow, occupying a one fifth acre plot in a desirable part of Allestree"
Superb three bedroom bungalow enjoying a magnificent location with a very private garden
"EXECUTIVE, DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN THE SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION OF DARLEY ABBEY. With generous and versatile accommodation featuring three receptions spaces, four bedrooms and double garage."
"YOPA are thrilled to welcome to the market this exceptionally presented four bedroom detached family home in the sought after location of Littleover. Benefitting from four double bedrooms, all with en - suites and an open plan centre island kitchen, this lovely home is not to be missed!"
"A NEW, SUPERB FOUR-BEDROOMED, DETACHED EXECUTIVE residence, enjoying a small, private cul-de-sac setting, in a well-established residential location highly convenient for the Royal Derby Hospital, and the city centre. The property offers a high specification interior, with the benefit of gas cent..."
"A spacious three bedroom detached bungalow on a beautiful, large garden plot in a sought after location in Darley Abbey."
Hall & Benson are delighted to bring to market this superbly located three bedroom detached house on a sought after street in Allestree. The property benefits from having lots of space both internally and externally so would be a perfect family home!
Most impressive and extremely spacious three bedroom detached bungalow occupying a highly sought after location on the northern edge of Oakwood in a quiet cul-de-sac location
SUPERB HOME - A beautifully appointed four bedroom detached home which occupies a highly convenient cul-de-sac location just a short walk from the amenities at Park Farm Shopping Centre and Markeaton Park. The property offers spacious and versatile accommodation with over 1500 sq. ft. A ...
PRIVATE POSITION – IMPRESSIVE TWO STOREY HOME – A traditional detached residence set in mature private gardens occupying one of Mickleover’s most sought after locations.
**OPEN 7 DAYS** HOPKINS & DAINTY of TICKNALL are delighted to offer a rare opportunity to acquire this stunning and quite unique Grade II Listed detached property - 'Ivy Cottage' offering a plethora of original features and also benefitting form a separate detached annex known as 'The Byre' suita...
"Extended, impressive and immaculately presented detached family home offering three double bedrooms, en-suite to the master bedroom, two reception rooms, dining kitchen, conservatory, ground floor wet room, first floor bathroom, driveway, garage and generous sized beautiful rear garden providing ..."
"Stylish detached four bedroom property, enjoying an elevated position within favoured village location - Ecclesbourne School Catchment"
Hall & Benson are delighted to bring to market this wonderfully presented four bedroom detached home situated on this highly sought after residential area. The property has been extremely well maintained by the current owner and an internal inspection is highly advised.
Ideal for the family - Traditional four double bedroomed semi-detached bay fronted property with l arge patio to the rear with extensive garden and views
Strike is pleased to present this property in Derby.
"EXTENDED, LARGER THAN AVERAGE FAMILY HOME, FOUR/FIVE BEDROOMS, 2 X KITCHENS, 29FT LOUNGE, 2 X BATHROOMS Situated close to local schooling and amenities is this spacious, well presented family home. In brief the living accommodation comprises; entrance porch, entrance hallway, 29ft loung..."
"CLOSE TO ALLESTREE PARK - This deceptively spacious, traditional four bedroom detached bungalow enjoys a highly sought-after location and beautiful south-facing gardens. This home has the advantage of gas fired central heating and UPVC double glazing and the accommodation comprises of: ..."
"LOCATED ON THE EDGE OF THE DEVELOPMENT – A four bedroom, ex-showhouse home located in a convenient cul-de-sac location with easy access to Markeaton Park and Park Farm Shopping Centre. The gas central heating and double glazed living accommodation briefly consists on the ground floor: ..."
A fantastic opportunity to accquire this four bedroom detached executive property with garage and driveway occupying a private plot in the ever popular location of Oakwood.
"SPACIOUS DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN THE SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION OF ALLESTREE With generous and versatile accommodation featuring three receptions spaces, four bedrooms and double garage. For sale with no upward chain."
"A beautifully presented and idyllically located four bedroomed detached property, occupying a fantastic corner plot in a pleasant cul-de-sac position and overlooking greenery and water. Offered to the market with no upward chain, the property benefits from a variety of optional extras including a..."
A beautifully presented and much improved three bedroom mid town house set within this pleasant cul-de-sac location within the popular residential location of Alvaston. The property would be ideally suited to the first time buyer or young family and offers landscaped garden to the rear and deligh...
SUPERB HOME OFFICE GARAGE CONVERSION. A substantial high specification 'David Wilson' built executive detached family home occupying a delightful landscaped low maintenance plot and situated in this highly popular edge of development locality. A full inspection is absolutely essential to apprecia...
"**NO UPWARD CHAIN**Modern and beautifully presented three double bedroom detached family home, set within the popular Hackwood Farm Development. The property includes a number of developer additions including down lighting, Neff appliances, granite work surfaces, Porcelanosa floor tiles, direct s..."
"STUNNING BUNGALOW - Beautiful three bedroom, en-suite detached bungalow with landscaped gardens, large driveway and brick garage occupying a very sought after cul-de-sac location close to Oakwood’s excellent amenities including shops, doctors, bus services and walks in pleasant parks and woodland."
"*** SELECT PROPERTY *** This modern, spacious detached home stands on a corner plot with a delightful, high specification kitchen/diner opening into a garden room/conservatory. With four bedrooms, master en suite and an enclosed garden - it must be viewed! Benefitting from uPVC double glazing..."
"POPULAR CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION CLOSE TO COUNTRYSIDE – A four double bedroom detached property with garage, located on the edge of the development. The gas central heating and double glazed living accommodation briefly consists on the ground floor: Spacious entrance hall with staircase lea..."
"**SELECT PROPERTY** Nestled in a fantastic plot stands this extremely spacious detached bungalow located in a quiet position with an attractive wrap around garden with lawned and allotment-size vegetable patch. The property sits on a good size plot, set in the heart of the ever popular area of Mi..."
A great opportunity to accquire a four double bedroom detached property with garage and driveway in the ever popular location of Heatherton Village.
"This traditional extended semi detached home is located in this most sought after area close to Littleover Village. The property is extremely well presented throughout and features open plan living kitchen, four bedrooms, garage and driveway and mature rear garden."
"OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK - HOPKINS & DAINTY of TICKNALL are pleased to offer this traditional, detached family residence. Set in the popular suburb of Littleover, backing onto school playing fields and standing on a generous and mature garden plot. The spacious living accommodation comprises: entra..."
"A spacious and well presented executive family home, located within a cul de sac offering four generous sized bedrooms, three reception rooms, dressing room and en-suite to the master bedroom, breakfast kitchen, utility, driveway, double garage and enclosed rear garden. Located within walking di..."
*LITTLEOVER SCHOOL CATCHMENT AREA* - *CHAIN FREE* - Scoffield Stone are pleased to offer for sale this four bedroom detached family home located within a quiet cul de sac position and occupying a generous plot with POTENTIAL TO EXTEND subject to approval. This well presented property benefits f...
A fantastic opportunity to acquire this five bedroom executive detached property with driveway and garage with beautiful open aspect to the front in the ever popular location of Oakwood.
"A spacious and attractive four bedroom detached family home situated in this ever-popular location of Allestree on a generous size plot with a large rear garden. An internal inspection will reveal the space, size and finish on offer. In brief, the living accommodation comprises of: En..."
"STUNNING EXTENDED BUNGALOW - A most spacious and beautiful five bedroom, three bathroom detached bungalow with private landscaped garden occupying this sought after location on Willson Avenue, with easy access to Littleover Village amenities, Sunnydale Park and Nature Reserve."
Rare opportunity to acquire a brand new home situated in Mickleover Village. This home is being sold with no onward chain and is ready to move into immediately. This has been built to an extremely high specification throughout and viewings are a must to truly appreciate both the size and quality.
Spacious family detached home - Prestigious cul-de-sac location - Five good size bedrooms - Situated on a highly sought-after cul-de-sac location is this impressive and spacious family detached home. This property would be ideal for the growing family and in brief comprises: Entrance hallway wi...
"*** SELECT PROPERTY *** This modern, spacious and ideally located four bedroomed detached home offers two en suites, three reception rooms, a uPVC double glazed conservatory and a detached garage to the rear. Offered for sale with no upward chain, an internal inspection is highly recommended. ..."
Impressive four bedroom detached residence occupying a particularly impressive landscaped plot set back from the road
"A beautifully presented detached family home located in the sought after village of Allestree, offering four double bedrooms, large lounge, study, open plan kitchen diner, ground floor cloakroom, large driveway, garage and generous sized rear garden. The property benefits from gas central h..."
"Occupying arguably one of the finest locations, enjoying far reaching views over open countryside at this sought after development, is this superbly appointed high specification executive detached family home requiring a full inspection to appreciate the location, size of accommodation and wealth..."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire this four double bedroom detached property with driveway and double garage in the ever popular area of Oakwood.
"EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME IN SOUGHT AFTER AREA. Substantial, four bedroom semi detached property with stunning kitchen/diner, large garden and driveway parking."
"***SELECT PROPERTY*** This beautifully presented and most spacious five bedroom detached family home occupies a sought after location in Oakwood and really must be seen to be fully appreciated. Offering generous living space including an expansive lounge diner, fantastic master suite with en-sui..."
"AUCTION SALE 18 April 2023 - FOR SALE VIA BAGSHAWS RESIDENTIAL AUCTIONS IN ASSOCIATION WITH BARNARD MARCUS AUCTIONS ON TUESDAY 18TH APRIL 2023 AT 9.30AM AT THE DE VERE GRAND CONNAUGHT ROOMS, 61-65 GREAT QUEEN STREET, COVENT GARDENS, LONDON WC2B 5DA. YOU CAN ALSO REGISTER FOR ONLINE BIDDING."
"* £5K TO SPEND ON EXTRAS & UPGRADES * Impressive family home with 20ft LOUNGE, L-shaped BREAKFAST KITCHEN, formal dining room/STUDY, LAUNDRY ROOM, principal bedroom with EN-SUITE, GARAGE."
"About Hackwood Park On the north-western edge of Derby, close to miles of open countryside and farmland yet just three and a half miles from the vibrant heart of the metropolis, this beautifully landscaped selection of attractive, energy efficient two, three, four and five bedroom homes combines..."
"A four bedroom detached property with large driveway and brick double garage located off Broadway close to the A38, Markeaton Park and Darley Park within a small cul-de-sac location."
"The Fenchurch is a five-bedroom family home with an integral double garage. The open-plan kitchen/dining/family room has two sets of French doors to the garden. A separate living room, utility room and downstairs WC are great features. Two of the bedrooms are en-suite and there's a family bathroom."
"*** SELECT PROPERTY *** Offered for sale with no chain is this stunningly well presented and most spacious five bedroomed detached home, located on a popular new development in the much sought after area of Chellaston. With two generous reception rooms and a simply outstanding living/kitchen/dini..."
"A wonderful family home and location, superbly presented and thoughtfully extended to provide spacious living and sleeping accommodation featuring a stunning living dining kitchen. The property is attractively offered for sale with no upward chain."
"** SELECT PROPERTY ** This largely extended, expansive and beautifully well presented five bedroomed detached home has been upgraded by the current owners and stands as one of the star properties in the area. With two very generous reception rooms, two en suites and a well proportioned rear garde..."
LITTLEOVER SCHOOL CATCHMENT AREA - Extended four double bedroomed detached house occupying a very popular cul-de-sac location yet being conveniently positioned for Littleover Village amenities and Royal Derby Hospital.
The Regent is a five-bedroom detached home with an open-plan kitchen/breakfast/family room with French doors to the garden. The living and dining rooms have bay windows. Two of the bedrooms share a Jack and Jill bathroom and two use the family bathroom. The master bedroom suite is on the top floor.
Recently constructed four bedroom detached residence occupying quiet cul de sac location on this sought after estate in Mickleover.
SUPERB FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION. Family home with kitchen diner and detached garage.
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME IN A SOUGHT AFTER AREA OF MICKLEOVER WITH TWO EN-SUITES, A GARAGE WITH DRIVEWAY PARKING AND A LOVELY OUTLOOK TO THE FRONT! With a lounge, kitchen dining living area, utility room and WC, downstairs has great living space. Upstairs there are two bed..."
THREE BEDROOM DETACHED home with SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/FAMILY AREA and a LARGE SEPARATE LOUNGE. An EN-SUITE to EVERY BEDROOM and a walk-in wardrobe to the master.
"** SELECT PROPERTY ** This modern and beautifully presented, double-fronted family home occupies an envious position set within the popular Hackwood Farm Development. Having been built with a wide variety of upgrades and additions, the property benefits from an impressive sized lounge and living ..."
"Arguably the best example of its type. This stunning detached family home requires a full inspection both internally and externally to appreciate the location, size of accommodation and wealth of high specification appointments on offer. Finished to a high standard this delightful light and spaci..."
"A spacious and beautifully finished house, this home is perfect for growing families. With an impressive amount of living space and a stunning conservatory, this four-bedroom detached house is an exciting opportunity. Close to local amenities such as schools, local shops, pubs and restaurants, an..."
"***SELECT PROPERTY*** Having undergone a recent scheme of complete refurbishment, this stunning and spacious home stands the most generous grounds along a private driveway. With a beautiful lounge, modern fitted kitchen and stunning gardens, this property must be viewed! Benefiting from uPVC d..."
NO CHAIN - A fantastic opportunity to acquire a three double bedroom detached bungalow with detached garage and large corner plot in the ever popular location of Oakwood.
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to market this beautifully presented Five Bedroom Detached Property. In short this property compromises of; Entrance Hallway, Lounge, Large Kitchen/Diner, Utility Room, W.C and Study Room on the ground floor. To the first floor there are Five Good sized spacio..."
"This generously extended fantastic five/six bedroomed detached family home which has benefitted from an extremely high standard renovation project to offer a brilliant living space for buyers is a MUST VIEW! Downstairs this home benefits from entrance hallway, Large living room space with bay win..."
"A four bedroom, deceptively spacious detached family home situated within the Littleover School Catchment with ample space for the growing family. The property is situated on a generous size plot and benefits from off-road parking to the front and master bedroom with en-suite shower roo..."
"A spacious and immaculately presented extended detached family home, offering five double bedrooms, two reception rooms, open plan kitchen diner, utility, four-piece bathroom suite, ground floor cloakroom, generous driveway and enclosed private garden. The property benefits from gas central ..."
"A modern and superbly presented, four-bedroom detached family home featuring tasteful, neutral décor throughout, a stunning refitted master en suite and falling within the Griffe Field Primary School Catchment Area. The property benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, off ..."
"This modern detached home is presented to an extremely high specification is located in the sought after area of Chellaston. The property features a stylish breakfast kitchen, four bedrooms, enclosed rear garden and double detached garage. There are excellent road links close by."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this two-bedroom end-terrace house, ideal for first-time buyers and investors alike and sold with no upward chain. The property consists of a kitchen, a living/dining room and two double bedrooms serviced by a family bathroom on the first floor. Ormskirk Rise..."
"Brought to the market for the first time in over forty years. This unique substantial period home of immense charm and character, circa 1750 was originally two dwellings until its conversion and restoration. Since then it has undergone a litany of improvements and extensions to provide a large ve..."
"Offered with no upward chain and on a private road is this well presented, modern style bungalow which offers spacious living accommodation, a park view to the rear and a neutral decorative theme throughout. In brief the property comprises of L shaped entrance hallway, integrated kitchen/diner,..."
"This beautiful home is finished to a high standard and ready to move straight into. With a double garage, a large driveway and en-suite to the master bedroom, this is a beautiful family home which has something to offer for the whole family. Overlooking a green area this home is in the catchment ..."
ALLESTREE PARK & LAKE – A traditional detached property requiring full modernisation located on a highly regarded avenue next to beautiful Allestree Park. The property does require a full scheme of modernisation but offers excellent potential for the genuine purchaser to acquire a lovely...
"A quite superb substantial detached family home situated in this sought after locality, sited on a landscaped south facing plot and in a private position of Templebell Close. This delightful greatly improved and tastefully decorated house offers quality high specification accommodation and benefi..."
"A bespoke family home situated on a quiet cul de sac within Littleover Village. This home has been refurbished, remodelled and improved to an exceptional standard which upon viewing you will simply fall in love!"
"This is a substantial double fronted detached property built approx five years ago which is situated in this most popular location to the South of Derby. The property includes spacious and tastefully finished accommodation which includes a reception hall with ground floor w.c. off, a through lou..."
"A four bedroom detached family home offering spacious and well presented accommodation and found close to many amenities and transport links. With gas central heating and double glazing the accommodation comprises of a hall, ground floor w.c., lounge, separate dining room, dining kitchen and uti..."
"OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK - HOPKINS & DAINTY of TICKNALL bring to the market this spacious FIVE bedroom detached family residence, standing on a corner plot with a pleasant SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN and A DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE. Built by Charles Church Homes (in 2017) on the BLUEBELL GRANGE development i..."
"LITTLEOVER SCHOOL CATCHMENT & WREN PARK PRIMARY SCHOOL CATCHMENT- A most spacious FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM, three storey semi-detached home, offering incredibly spacious living accommodation with over 2200 square feet of living area over three floors. The property occupies this highly sought after loc..."
"A MODERN and SPACIOUS home in Chellaston, available CHAIN FREE, ideal for INVESTORS or GROWING FAMILIES. Call to enquire! Bettermove are pleased to present this charming four bedroom detached house in Chellaston, available with no forward chain.The property benefits fro..."
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FOUR BED DETACHED HOUSE IN THE POPULAR MANOR FARM FIELDS LOCATION OF MICKLEOVER WITH DRIVEWAY AND GARAGE PARKING AND A LOVELY SPACIOUS KITCHEN DINER! With a great sized lounge, beautiful kitchen diner, a utility cupboard and WC on the ground floor and four bedrooms, an en-su..."
"* £11,000 CASHBACK ON COMPLETION * Stylish DETACHED family home, LOUNGE with feature bay window, open plan DINING KITCHEN with French doors, LAUNDRY ROOM, DINING ROOM/STUDY, principal bedroom with EN-SUITE, GARAGE."
"PART EXCHANGE AVAILABLE - NO UPWARD CHAIN New to the market this Marleybone style Persimmon Homes property on the much favoured Regent Place development is due to be build complete in January 2023, please contact us today to arrange a site visit and for any additional information. The propert..."
"The Marylebone has a spacious open-plan kitchen/breakfast/family room with French doors opening onto the garden. This detached five-bedroom, two-bathroom family home has separate living and dining rooms, a utility room, a downstairs WC and built-in storage. Bedroom five could become a home office."
"Beautifully presented bay fronted semi-detached residence occupying an impressive plot, on the edge of Allestree bordering Quarndon"
"A wonderful opportunity to acquire the “last” property in Allestree, a beautifully presented three bedroom semi-detached family home occupying a large plot and with stunning front views."
"* £4K TO SPEND ON EXTRAS & UPGRADES * Beautiful family home with GARAGE, lounge with feature bay window, STUDY, 22ft kitchen with FRENCH DOORS, LAUNDRY ROOM, EN-SUITE to master bedroom."
"Must be viewed to be able to appreciate what this property has to offer! We are delighted to bring to market this newly refurbished, semi-detached cottage, which still retains some original features. Offering three bedrooms, family bathroom and en-suite, this is perfect for a growing family."
"An attractive four double bedroom semi-detached family home with impressive specification and finish throughout with a stylish kitchen and two bathrooms, situated in a popular residential location of Littleover with great access to the A38 road network as well as the City of Derby. The ..."
"Recently refurbished to an excellent standard, the property features a generous extension to the rear as well as a full loft conversion and dormer window extension providing extensive accommodation. INTERNAL VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED."
"Bagshaws are pleased to present to the market this four bedroom detached family home sitting in a large corner plot, located within the sought after area of Hackwood Park in Mickleover."
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** A fantastic opportunity arises for any growing family to purchase this superbly presented, five bedroomed detached property, set in the popular Bluebell Grange development in Boulton Moor. Boasting a modern and stylish interior throughout, the property sits on a good size..."
"**SELECT PROPERTY** **SELECT PROPERTY** This substantial and extremely versatile family residence is located in a popular area of Alvaston. Boasting seven bedrooms (six doubles and a single), two double bedrooms located on the ground floor with en-suites accessible via its own entrance hall, offe..."
"YOPA are delighted to welcome to the market this well presented and spacious four bedroom detached family property in the sought after location of Chellaston. Benefitting from an open plan kitchen/diner and a low maintenance rear garden, this striking family home is not to be missed!"
"We are delighted to present this Four Bedroom Detached House located on the desirable Highfields development  on the outskirts of Derby. The property offers an ideal family home with ample living space. The property comprises: Four bedrooms, family bathroom..."
"SPACIOUS PERIOD THREE STOREY HOME WITH GATED DRIVEWAY - 360 VIRTUAL TOUR & 3D INTERACTIVE MODEL - A beautifully presented and five bedroom, three storey Victorian bay fronted palisaded end terraced property of style and character, offering over 1550 square feet of living accommodation, occupying ..."
"FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMED END OF TERRACE HOUSE SET OVER FOUR FLOORS SITUATED IN A CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION IN THE LOVELY VILLAGE OF DARLEY ABBEY! With bedrooms and a shower room on the ground floor, open plan living, kitchen and dining on the first floor and further bedrooms on the second and third floor,..."
"A traditional, extended, four bedroom semi-detached family home recently modernised throughout and tastefully appointed, occupying a premier position close to the heart of the village centre of Mickleover with its full and comprehensive range of quality local facilities including shops, pubs and ..."
"BEAUTIFUL EXTENDED BUNGALOW - A most attractive and extended double fronted, 1930's style, detached bungalow of style and character occupying this highly sought-after and mature residential location off Duffield Road, close to Allestree Park and Darley Park. This property offers spacious and vers..."
"This traditional detached property is located in the heart of Littleover Village and is being offered for sale with no onward chain. The property features lounge and open plan dining kitchen, three bedrooms, driveway and garage. The property is within the noted Littleover school catchments."
"*** SELECT PROPERTY *** Offered for sale with no upward chain and standing in an elevated position with fantastic views from the rear is this spacious three-storey detached home.  Boasting three reception rooms, two en suites and generous bedrooms - this property must be viewed! Benefitin..."
"**** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED DETACHED BUNAGLOW IN A HIGHLY REGARDED LOCATION **** This is a great opportunity to purchase a modernised bungalow, with ample parking and a well maintained and easy to manage garden. In brief the property offers a porch and hallway, lounge with a feature log burner, ne..."
"We are pleased to bring to market this impressively well presented six bedroom property in a popular location in Derby. The property benefits from having off road parking and a private, south facing rear garden. Viewing is highly advised in order to appreciate what the property has to offer!"
"This stylish detached residence is located on the edge of the sought after Durose Country Park development and enjoys far reaching views over Derby. The property offers many upgraded fixtures and fittings and features generous open plan living kitchen, four bedrooms, driveway and detached garage."
"** SELECT PROPERTY ** This most spacious FIVE BEDROOM period property is absolutely full of charm and character, with two generous reception rooms, a huge conservatory and spacious accommodation spread over three floors. Benefiting from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating and full of peri..."
"Guide Price £425,000 - £450,000 This well presented detached home is located on this popular tree lined road in the sought after area of Chaddesden. The property is ideal for the large family and features five bedrooms, driveway and garage and a generous rear garden."
"*** SELECT PROPERTY *** This recently updated and beautifully presented, four bedroom, detached home is ideally located in the sought-after area of Allestree and offers excellent sized accommodation including three reception rooms, ample gardens and a generous driveway. Offered for sale with n..."
Scargill Mann & Co are delighted to offer this prime residential development opportunity with planning consent granted recently for two residential dwellings via an outline planning application and approval - Planning Reference 19/00543/FUL. The plans proposed are for two superior detached dwel...
"A GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE A LARGE THREE/FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME TOGETHER WITH AN ATTACHED SEPARATE ONE / TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT EITHER FOR THE USE OF A DEPENDENT RELATIVE, OR TO LET OUT AND PROVIDE A USEFUL INCOME. My Pad Phillips & Co are delighted to offer this quite superb traditi..."
"Wow, Location, Space and beautifully presented! Upon viewing this truly amazing home you will be amazed by the space and meticulous presentation. The home is situated within a popular modern development built CIRCA 2019"
A classically styled FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED home with INTEGRAL GARAGE and EN-SUITE MASTER BEDROOM. Ground floor includes a LARGE LOUNGE and a OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM with a SEPARATE UTILITY.
"Enjoying a peaceful cul de sac setting is this executive detached family home, benefitting from extending living accommodation, four well proportioned bedrooms and beautifully landscaped gardens. Have been completed as a self-build by the existing owners, this immaculately presented detached home..."
**PREMIER PROPERTY** This exceptional double-fronted detached family home is located on a corner plot within the popular Varsity Grange Estate. Having been beautifully presented and updated by the current owners who are the original owners of this fabulous home. The property features a generous ...
"**PREMIER PROPERTY** This most spacious, modern, and beautifully presented expansive detached family home is set within the popular Cuttle Brook development in Chellaston and offers substantial accommodation of the highest specification throughout. Standing on a sizeable corner plot, the property..."
"This beautifully presented, spacious and extended four bedroom family home is ideally located in the most sought after area of Spondon. The property offers views over beautiful open fields and ancient woodland and is modernised throughout. The property also has the option to create a separate A..."
"LITTLEOVER SCHOOL & WREN PARK SCHOOL CATCHMENT - A well presented and improved four bedroom detached family home with generous rear south facing garden plot, occupying this popular development close to Mickleover Golf Club and the Royal Derby Hospital. .The accommodation has the benefit..."
"Exceptional extended detached, three bedroom family home. The property has an EPC rating B and some of the premium features this home has to offer are air conditioning, solar panels, water filtration system and landscaped garden, Arrange your viewing to appreciate what this home has to offer!"
"We are delighted to bring to market this newly refurbished three bedroom detached bungalow in the heart of Allestree. The bungalow comprises three double bedrooms, one with an en-suite, a shower room, lounge, utility room and impressive brand new kitchen."
"CHAIN FREE - Scoffield Stone are delighted to offer for sale this extended three bedroom detached bungalow, found in a cul de sac position and located at a much cherished address within the village. The property is very well presented throughout and has a number of key features to include, but n..."
"The Wortham is our largest four bedroom home at Boundary Moor Gardens, at 1525sqft The Wortham is a four bedroom house with an integral garage, offering plenty of space for growing families. Featuring a spacious kitchen/ dining room with adjoining utility and double doors leading to ..."
"*****COMING TO MARKET SOON*****MORE DETAILS TO FOLLOW SHORTLY***** A spacious 1850 SQ.FT. four bedroom family home situated in CORNER PLOT position in a popular residential location with easy access to major transport links, and walking distance to Derby city centre and the Royal Derby Hospital..."
**ATTRACTIVE REFURBISHED BUNGALOW ** THREE BEDROOMS** STYLISH DINING KITCHEN** TWO CONSERVATORIES ** SHOWER ROOM** LANDSCAPED GARDENS**** PARKING FOR SEVERAL VEHICLES AND 25FT MOTORHOME
" Unlike so many plain modern homes, the four bedroom detached Stratford boasts a traditional Arts and Crafts inspired frontage finished with craftsmanship and care, including bay windows and a roofed porch. Yet behind its impressive exterior architecture, this home d..."
"Hall & Benson are delighted to market this very well presented, four bedroom detached property in a sought after location in Derby. The property benefits from having been completely refurbished throughout to make it the perfect family home. Book with us now!"
"An opportunity arises to acquire this detached property located in the Littleover Community School Catchment Area. The property, offered with no upward chain, is ideal for any investors or families and perfectly located close to the Royal Derby Hospital and Derby City Centre. The property require..."
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £380,000 - £390,000*"
"Leaders are pleased to present this Four Bedroom Mid Terraced property which is set over FOUR FLOORS located in the ever increasingly popular area of Littleover, Derby. Set within close proximity to Littleover Community School, Derby High Primary, Wren Park School and an abundance of local amenit..."
"** SELECT PROPERTY ** LITTLEOVER SCHOOL CATCHMENT ** An excellent opportunity arises for a growing family to purchase this traditional four bedroomed detached house, located in the sought after area of Littleover Village. Situated in the heart of the village and close to The Royal Derby Hospital..."
**SUPERB ACCOMMODATION ** MUST BE VIEWED** ECCLESBOURNE CATCHMENT****SPACIOUS LOUNGE** LIVING DINING KITCHEN ** FOUR BEDROOMS INCLUDING GROUND FLOOR BEDROOM** LANDSCAPED GARDEN** AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING**
"A well-presented detached family home offering four bedrooms a family bathroom, an additional shower room, a lovely kitchen, down-stairs W.C and parking for mulitple vehicles. A viewing of this home is highly recommended in order to fully appreciate the accommodation on offer."
A spacious and well-presented four bedroom detached home on a large plot located accessed via a private driveway off Shardlow Road.
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** This spacious, detached home is located in a sought after area and offers two reception rooms, a modern fitted kitchen/diner and a beautifully appointed en suite shower room. With feature lighting, driveway and a double garage, an internal inspection is highly recommended..."
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** Located in the highly sought after suburb of Allestree and close to the Park Farm shopping Centre and all of its amenities, stands this superbly extended family home backing onto the Lawn Primary School fields and offered for sale with no upward chain. The property benefi..."
"The Carnaby is a four-bedroom home with plenty of space including an open plan kitchen/family room and separate living room - both with French doors leading into the garden - plus a bright front-aspect dining room. The first floor is home to four good-sized bedrooms, with an en suite to bedroom one."
LITTLEOVER SCHOOL CATCHMENT - An extended and well maintained 1930's style character semi detached home with LARGE DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE (23FT x 23FT) set within this Premier location in one of Littleover's most attractive tree-lined avenues. . The property has been extended generous single stor...
"A brilliant detached family home featuring four good sized bedrooms, en-suite and a spacious kitchen leading into a large conservatory. The property is attractively offered for sale with no upward chain and vacant possession."
"* £4K TO SPEND ON EXTRAS & UPGRADES * Perfect family home comprising 17ft LOUNGE with French doors, DINING ROOM/STUDY, open plan FAMILY/KITCHEN, EN-SUITE to principal bedroom, GARAGE."
"** PREMIER PROPERTY ** A beautifully presented, detached family home occupying a generous corner plot. The property has been maintained to a modern standard and benefits from ample off road parking to the front elevation, further parking to the rear via a secure electric gated driveway and a deta..."
"SPACIOUS DETACHED HOME - A most spacious detached four bedroom property with a generous mature south facing rear garden plot, which offers an excellent level of privacy and a most impressive DETACHED BAR AND ENTERTAINMENT ROOM. The property occupies this highly sought after location just a short ..."
NO CHAIN - A fantastic opportunity to acquire this unique three bedroom terrace property in the highly sought after ''Six Streets' area of the city.
" A fantastic opportunity to acquire a very versatile property which includes a spacious three double bedroom house with large garden, off road parking and a separate annex which could be offered as a rental for extra income if desired. There is also of course, the main shop floor which is locate..."
LITTLEOVER SCHOOL CATCHMENT - A fantastic opportunity to acquire this fully renovated four double bedroom detached property with driveway for three cars and rear garden with outbuilding in the ever popular location of Littleover.
"Acquire Properties are pleased to present this sought after four bed house on the popular Royal Glen Park Estate, Chellaston. The property briefly comprises of entrance hallway giving access to living room, kitchen/diner and W/C. To the first floor there are four bedrooms with ensuite to master, ..."
"** PREMIER PROPERTY ** A beautifully presented and extremely spacious, five-bedroomed, detached family home occupying a generous plot in one of Chellaston's sought after cul-de-sac locations. The property has the benefit of uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, off road parking, an integral..."
A fantastic and rare opportunity to acquire this truly stunning three bedroom detached bungalow with large driveway and garage in tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac in Chellaston.
"ECCLESBOURNE SCHOOL CATCHMENT AREA - EDGE OF ESTATE LOCATION - A most attractive four bedroom detached property, occupying this delightful edge of estate location with views over a nature pond and green area, The property is situated in the sought after Langley Country Park development and was b..."
STUNNING EXTENDED HIGH SPECIFICATION HOME - A superb detached property that has been beautifully presented throughout to a contemporary theme and being upgraded to an impressive high specification including a beautiful open plan kitchen dining room with quality integrated appliances and granite w...
"This attractive traditional detached home is located in the sought after area of Littleover and is being offered for sale with no onward chain. The property features two reception rooms, three bedrooms, generous rear garden, off road parking and is close to well regarded schools."
Genuine three bedroom detached bungalow occupying quiet cul-de-sac location in sought after Spondon
"***PREMIER PROPERTY*** Simply outstanding! With a beautiful modern interior, this extended family home offers a stunning kitchen and snug, home gym and a beautiful fitted shower room, it stands on a most generous plot with beautiful gardens! Ideally located in the popular area of Chaddesden an..."
"A well presented and fantastically located four bedroom detached family home, occupying an end-of-cul-de-sac position in the ever popular Derbyshire suburb of Oakwood. The accommodation on offer briefly comprises; Entrance hallway, lounge, dining room, breakfast kitchen, utility room and down..."
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** This modern and spacious detached family home is located in the sought after area of Chellaston and offers two reception rooms, conservatory, master en suite and an integral garage. Ideal for the growing family, an early viewing is highly recommended. Benefitting from..."
"An excellent opportunity to acquire this well-presented, four-bedroom detached family home situated on the ever popular Varsity Grange Estate in the sought after village of Mickleover. The property is offered to the market with no upward chain, sits on a good sized corner plot and benefits from; ..."
"A superb three bedroomed detached bungalow, located in the sought after area of Mickleover and sitting on a good sized plot towards the end of a pleasant cul-de-sac location. The property overlooks an open green area and towards Mickleover Golf course and benefits from a home security alarm syste..."
Ashley Adams are delighted to offer for sale this stunning traditional four bedroom semi-detached property with driveway and large rear garden in the ever popular location of Alvaston.
"A character property with flexible accommodation offering a self-contained annexe alongside the main house, viewings are highly recommended to see what this house has to offer . This semi-detached cottage is located in the heart of old Allestree village and close to all amenities."
"A highly impressive and beautifully presented four bedroom detached house featuring a superb living dining kitchen, principal bedroom with en suite and being located in this established residential area off Kedleston Road."
"The Harley has four bedrooms and an integral garage. The kitchen/dining/family room has two sets of French doors leading into the garden and there’s a separate living room, a utility room, a downstairs WC and storage on both floors. A study has been included in the spacious first-floor layout."
"Sold with vacant possession and no upward chain is this well maintained four bedroom detached house, situated on this highly sought after residential area, set on a good sized plot with a driveway providing parking for multiple vehicles, garage and a mainly lawned rear garden."
"Situated in the modern development of Langley Country Park is this four bedroom detached house. Being less than 5 years old, this property is very modern and would make a lovely home for a family."
"AUCTION SALE 18 April 2023 - FOR SALE VIA BAGSHAWS RESIDENTIAL AUCTIONS IN ASSOCIATION WITH BARNARD MARCUS AUCTIONS ON TUESDAY 18TH APRIL 2023 AT 9.30AM AT THE DE VERE GRAND CONNAUGHT ROOMS, 61-65 GREAT QUEEN STREET, COVENT GARDENS, LONDON WC2B 5DA. YOU CAN ALSO RE..."
"*** NO ONWARD CHAIN *** A well appointed and presented detached family home occupying a sought after residential location just off Locko Road. The property has been modernised over recent years and has the benefit of gas fired central heating, UPVC double glazing, rewiring and neutral déc..."
"YOPA are thrilled to welcome to the market this exceptional four bedroom detached family home property in the sought after location of Highfields in Littleover, offering ample space for the whole family, including a conservatory and ample off street parking, this family home is not to be missed!"
"A superb four bedroom detached family home located in a popular residential location situated at the end of a cul-de-sac. This deceptively spacious four bedroom detached family home benefits from generous size rooms with LED lighting, TV and telephone points throughout and the addition ..."
"This traditional detached residence is beautifully appointed throughout and is finished with high specification fixtures and fittings. The property features two reception room, three bedrooms a lovely breakfast kitchen and has a fabulous rear garden, driveway and garage."
"A truly impressive and rarely available unique thatched character cottage, located in the most sought after village of Littleover. This charming and deceptively spacious cottage is believed to date back as far as the 15th century and enjoys a Grade II Listed status, making it the oldest property ..."
"Great family home or attractive buy to let investment opportunity. A spacious detached family home offering four bedrooms, large lounge diner, ground floor cloakroom, enclosed garden, driveway and garage, being sold with no upward chain. Located with great access to local schools, the property ..."
"BEAUTIFUL VILLA - A most attractive and spacious, period bay-fronted, four bedroom home offering around 1400 square feet of living accommodation and DRIVEWAY to the rear. The property occupies this much sought after position in the highly regarded position on Kedleston Road and this love..."
"The Mayfair is a detached four-bedroom home that offers an open-plan kitchen/breakfast/family room alongside separate living and dining rooms. Upstairs, the master bedroom enjoys an en suite and there’s a bright family bathroom for the other three bedrooms. Bedroom four could be used as an office."
"* £5K DEPOSIT, FLOORING & APPLIANCES * 15ft lounge, 18ft DINING KITCHEN with French doors, LAUNDRY ROOM, principal bedroom with EN-SUITE and GARAGE."
LITTLEOVER SCHOOL CATCHMENT - A fantastic opportunity to acquire this extended four bedroom semi-detached property with driveway and detached garage in the ever popular location of Littleover.
"Are you searching for a move in ready family home, but don't want to compromise between space, style or location? Then this incredible house could be your dream home"
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** A spacious, executive-style family home occupying a sought after position on the popular Heatherton Village. The property is ideal for a growing family and enjoys the benefits of uPVC double glazing, Hive operated gas central heating, underfloor heating in the hallway, o..."
"An improved and well positioned four bedroom detached family home offered with no upward chain, occupying an excellent plot in a sought after Oakwood cul-de-sac location. The accommodation on offer briefly comprises; Entrance hallway, spacious lounge, excellent breakfast kitchen, dining room, ut..."
NO CHAIN - FOUR BEDROOMS - THREE RECEPTION ROOM - A spacious detached family home in a sought after cul-de-sac location in Oakwood offered for sale with no onward chain.
"** PREMIER PROPERTY** Located on a larger than average corner plot in the sought after village of Mickleover, with potential for development (subject to planning permission). The property falls with the Littleover Community School catchment and benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heat..."
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** Extended detached family home located in the highly sought-after area of Allestree. The property has been modified and improved over a number of years and benefits from owned solar panels providing the property with electricity and an income, underfloor heating to the con..."
An attractive and classic three bedroom semi-detached property having been much improved and with a large garden located on the tree lined Broadway close to the city centre and beautiful parks.
The Manford is a spacious four bedroom ideal for growing families with a useful study for the grown ups
A fantastic opportunity to acquire this beautifully renovated and modernised three bedroom semi-detached property with driveway and detached garage in the ever popular location of Allestree.
NO CHAIN - A fantastic and unique opportunity to acquire a five bedroom semi-detached property with driveway for three/four cars on the highly sought after Morley Road in Oakwood.
Most impressive and completely refurbished and extended three bedroom bay fronted detached bungalow in sought after residential location - No Upward Chain
"** PREMIER PROPERTY ** This spacious, extended and well located family home features a separate living room, extended lounge/diner and a generous breakfast kitchen. With a converted garage offering fantastic home office space and a generous rear garden, it must be viewed! Benefitting from uPVC..."
"Hall and Benson are delighted to bring to the market this spacious, detached four bedroom property in a sought after location. Briefly comprising 4 double bedrooms, large family bathroom, living room, dining room and further reception room, drive and large rear garden. Viewing are highly recommended"
An opportunity to acquire this three bedroom detached dormer bungalow in the ever popular Littleover area with large rear garden and driveway to front.
"Hall & Benson are delighted to bring to market this wonderfully presented, four bedroom detached home situated on this highly sought after residential area. The property has been extremely well maintained by the current owner and an internal inspection is highly advised."
"ECCLESBOURNE SCHOOL CATCHMENT. Stylish yet practical home with 18FT lounge, open plan kitchen/diner, LAUNDRY ROOM, EN-SUITE to principal bedroom, bedroom 3 ideal STUDY."
TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMED Mid Terrace sold with NO UPWARD CHAIN. This property would make an IDEAL INVESTMENT! Situated in the POPULAR CHESTER GREEN area.
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** Modernised, extended, spacious and well presented - this four bedroomed family home offers a lounge, open plan dining kitchen, additional sitting room as well as a utility/wash room, integral garage, off road parking and an enclosed garden. An internal viewing is highly r..."
INVESTMENT PROPERTY - HMO - LET AT £2750 PCM - An excellent opportunity for an investment buy to acquire a large six bedroom HMO located close to Derby City.
"** PREMIER PROPERTY ** A traditional, bay-fronted, detached family home situated in the popular residential location of Mackworth. The property has been extended, improved and updated by the current owners over a number of years including re-roofed, replaced windows, exterior door and facias; re-..."
"A STUNNING FAMILY HOME BOASTING GOOD SPACE THROUGHOUT, STYLISH INTERIOR AND A DESIRBLE LOCATION. THE CURRENT OWNERS HAVE DONE A SUPERB JOB WITH THE REFURBISHMENT MADE TO THE PROPERTY SO FAR, THERE IS STILL SCOPE FOR FURTHER IMPROVEMENTS FOR THOSE WHO WANT TO ADD THEIR OWN TOUCH. YOU MUST SEE THIS!!"
"The Old Police House - An individual detached property benefiting from a delightful garden plot extending to approximately one quarter of an acre, situated in this very convenient position close to Markeaton Park. Excellent potential to improve / extend (subject to planning permission). This spa..."
NO CHAIN - A spacious FIVE BEDROOM detached family home located on the new Boulton Moor development offered for sale with no onward chain.
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** Occupying an excellent plot in one of Chellaston's sought-after cul-de-sac locations is this well maintained and deceptively spacious three bedroomed chalet-style bungalow, which has the benefit of uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, excellent off road parking, a de..."
"This most spacious and largely extended FIVE BEDROOM HOME is ideally located to offer easy access to highly regarded local schools, shops and transports links. Offering a spacious lounge/diner, breakfast kitchen, an integral garage and off road parking - it must be viewed! Benefitting from dou..."
"Tastefully presented modern four bedroom detached family home located in a sought after residential area close to amenities including shops and schools. The house is well presented throughout and briefly comprises of an entrance hallway, downstairs cloakroom, the lounge and a spacious open plan k..."
*EXCELLENT FAMILY HOME* This good-sized detached new build home was constructed to a high standard and is set within the popular village of Chellaston within the catchment area for Holmfields Primary School and Chellaston Academy. The accommodation comprises: an entrance hall...
"The Scrivener has four bedrooms - one of which has an en suite - a well-equipped family bathroom, an open-plan kitchen, dining and family area, and a separate living room. Completed by a single garage and off road parking."
"* £9,000 CASHBACK * Stylish yet practical home with 18FT lounge, open plan kitchen/diner, LAUNDRY ROOM, EN-SUITE to principal bedroom, bedroom 3 ideal STUDY."
"FOR SALE BY TIMED AUCTION Powered by SDL Auctions. GREAT FAMILY HOME situated at the head of this very quiet cul-de-sac ON THE EDGE OF THE CITY, making the perfect base for a busy family. "
"OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK - HOPKINS & DAINTY of TICKNALL bring to the market this most impressive and beautifully presented, detached family residence. Set in a convenient location for access into Derby Centre, the Ring road and train station. The accommodation has been beautifully updated by the presen..."
"Situated at the end of a cul-de-sac in the sought-after location of Chellaston is this well maintained four bedroomed detached property. Suitable for a growing family, the property offers spacious living accommodation throughout, off road parking together with a garage, gas central heating and an..."
"LOCATED IN A QUIET CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION OF ALLESTREE, IN THE ECCLESBOURNE SCHOOL CATCHMENT AREA, THIS FOUR BED DETACHED PROPERTY MAKES A GREAT FAMILY HOME WITH A LOVELY GARDEN TO THE BACK. With a lounge, dining room, conservatory, kitchen and WC downstairs, four bedrooms upstairs and plenty of dri..."
"A very well presented five bedroom home offered with no upward chain. Dressing room and En-suite to the master bedroom. Downstairs WC and Utility room, Two reception rooms, private rear garden, and modern family bathroom. Driveway parking for two vehicles. Garage and views overlooking parkland. N..."
"AN EXTENDED, PRE-WAR, THREE-BEDROOMED DETACHED residence, enjoying a mature and premier residential location on Lawn Heads Avenue, within walking distance of Littleover centre and range of amenities, and convenient for the Royal Derby Hospital. The property is offered with IMMEDIATE VACANT POSSES..."
Ashley Adams are delighted to bring to market this beautifully maintained four bedroomed family home with spacious living accommodation throughout and further complimented by off road parking to the front elevation and well sized garden to the rear.
"***PREMIER PROPERTY*** This beautifully presented and substantially extended five-bedroom home is set back from Chaddesden Lane and enjoys views over Chaddesden Park to the rear elevation. The well-proportioned accommodation benefits from a superbly appointed, contemporary refitted living kitch..."
"Occupying a prime position within the Littleover Community School Catchment Area is this extended family home, which boasts spacious accommodation to include an open-plan lounge/dining room, fitted breakfast kitchen with range-style cooker, four excellent sized bedrooms, ample off road parking an..."
"A traditionally designed home, the Trusdale is a spacious four bedroom family home"
"RETIREMENT LIVING! If you are looking to downsize and would like a community around you, then this is the only property you need to view! The property has been recently redecorated including new carpets fitted"
"***PREMIER PROPERTY*** Ideally located to offer easy access to all the amenities and highly regarded schools that Mickleover has to offer, this beautiful extended home has a fantastic open plan living/dining/kitchen and a most generous garden. Benefiting from uPVC double glazing and gas centra..."
"ECCLESBOURNE SCHOOL CATCHMENT. Ideal 1st home featuring 15FT lounge, open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors, principal bedroom with EN-SUITE, bedroom 3 ideal STUDY."
"***PREMIER PROPERTY*** This spacious detached home offers a generous living dining room opening to a beautiful conservatory, separate study and a modern fitted breakfast kitchen. Along with four good sized bedrooms and a master en-suite shower room, it would make an ideal family home! Located ..."
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** A charming, three-storey, period property situated in the desirable location of Littleover, offering spacious living accommodation and boasting many original features throughout including high ceilings, Minton tiled flooring and fireplaces. The property has been improved ..."
ECCLESBOURNE SCHOOL CATCHMENT AREA - Extended detached property with garage and pleasant gardens occupying a prime position within the heart of Darley Abbey Village close to Walter Evans Primary School and Darley Park. The property is within a short walk to the vibrant Derwent Valley Mil...
**DETACHED HOUSE**LARGE CORNER PLOT**THREE BEDROOMS**EXCELLENT LOCATION TO LOCAL SCHOOLS**SCOPE FOR FURTHER MODERNISATION**
"**** AVAILABLE IMMEDIATLEY **** FLOORING AND TURF INCLUDED **** The Trusdale is a well presented family home offering an entrance hall, guest cloakroom, lounge, fitted dining kitchen with utility room. Four first floor bedrooms, master with en suite shower room and a family bathroom. Side drive a..."
"Situated in the heart of Allestree, within the Eccelsbourne School catchment area, this is a well presented four bedroom detached house which benefits from gas central heating, double glazing, gardens, driveway and garage."
"A substantial, five-bedroomed, three-storey, period property ideally situated for Derby City Centre and the Derby Royal Hospital. The beautifully maintained accommodation boasts charm and an abundance of character, with a mixture of modern and original period features and has been superbly maint..."
"GUIDE PRICE £340,000 - £350,000 SUBSTANTIAL DETACHED HOME WITH PLANNING PERMISSION FOR A TWO-STOREY EXTENSION... This substantial sized detached house is situated in a sought after location with excellent access to all the amenities of Spondon, including shops, popular and highl..."
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** Located on a new development in the sought-after area of Chellaston, this four bedroomed family home offers a great open plan dining kitchen, master en suite, spacious lounge, a good sized enclosed garden, off road parking and an integral garage. Benefitting from uPVC ..."
"STYLISH PERIOD HOME - An attractive period bay-fronted, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM, three storey property of style and character, that has undergone a comprehensive scheme of improvements and occupies this much sought after position in the highly regarded 'Six Streets' area located off Kedleston Road. <..."
"This spacious family home is ideally located on West Avenue North with easy access for local amenities, including shops, doctors, schools and excellent road and public transport links to Derby, Chellaston, the A50 and beyond. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, WC, dining room, sitting ..."
"FABULOUS PROPERTY - Positioned in the highly sought after “Six Streets” area of Derby is this impressive and spacious mid terraced period property benefitting from three receptions rooms, three double bedrooms, large bathroom and separate first floor utility room offered for sale with no upward c..."
ECCLESBOURNE SCHOOL CATCHMENT AREA & NO CHAIN - Beautiful three bedroom detached property with attractive living kitchen/dining room and private garden located off Duffield Road with easy access to Allestree Park and Darley Park.
**NO CHAIN** LOVELY PLOT - DETACHED BUNGALOW ** MUST BE SEEN** **LOUNGE** KITCHEN**UTILITY**THREE BEDROOMS**SHOWER ROOM****DRIVE AND GARAGE** ATTRACTIVE GARDENS
"Wow, look at the space this semi detached family home has to offer! This is a great opportunity to purchase this five bedroom family house within the popular area of Derby"
"This spacious, attractive new build four bedroom detached family home has been fully kitted out with optional extras which include upgraded tiles and appliances and the garden has been landscaped with the benefit of a 14’ x 14’ square patio. The property is under the builder’s warranty ..."
" Three bedroom detached bungalow situated in a desirable location backing on to open fields at the rear. The property is gas centrally heated via a combination boiler, which was installed along with new pipework throughout. There is a large, superb quality UPVC double glazed conservatory to the ..."
"** PREMIER PROPERTY ** This stunning and beautifully presented family home offers a superb dining kitchen, enclosed garden, home office/gym and stands on a most generous corner plot. Benefitting from uPVC double glazing and gas central heating, the accommodation in brief comprises: Entrance ha..."
"An excellent opportunity arises for a growing family to purchase this, three bedroom detached property located in the highly sought after area of Allestree. Offering spacious living accommodation throughout, the property benefits from gas central heating, double glazing, an enclosed rear garden ..."
***PREMIER PROPERTY*** This stunning period home is set back from the road behind a beautiful fore garden and spacious driveway and offers a most generous dining kitchen with fantastic feature bay window and a large rear garden. The property was re-roofed in 2020 along with loft insulation being ...
"An extended, traditional, bay-fronted family home located in the highly desirable area of Mickleover and located close to the Royal Derby Hospital. The property has been extended, improved and updated by the current owners over a number of years, with re-plastering, re-wiring, upgraded heating sy..."
LITTLEOVER SCHOOL CATCHMENT - A fantastic opportunity to acquire this four bedroom link detached property with large driveway in the ever popular location of Derby.
A beautifully presented fully renovated and extended four double bedroom detached dormer bungalow in the Littleover School Catchment area.
The existing property is a traditional styled three bedroom detached property in need of full modernisation set in mature gardens. The planning permission is for demolition of dwelling and erection of two dwelling houses. BUILDING PLOT FOR TWO HOMES - The prestigious cul-de-sac location...
"*EXCELLENT FAMILY HOME* This good-sized detached home is set within a cul-de-sac position in the popular village of Chellaston. The accommodation comprises: an entrance hallway, bright & airy lounge, modern kitchen/diner, conservatory, side lobby and a cloakroom/W.C. First floor: master bedroo..."
"This three storey four bedroom semi-detached property situated on Jackson Road, next to the Royal Derby Hospital, has been extended to the rear and benefits from a loft conversion and dorma roof to the second floor. In need of some TLC, this fantastic property would make a wonderful home"
"BEAUTIFUL FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME. Tastefully decorated throughout and with an open kitchen/dining room, large garden and driveway parking for multiple cars this is a rare opportunity and one not to be missed! "
"Well positioned, extended and spacious three bedroom detached residence occupying a good sized plot with south facing rear garden in a quiet cul-de-sac location in popular Mickleover"
"Having undergone a comprehensive scheme of upgrades throughout, this four bedroom home offers space and specification without compromise. The current vendors have made significant energy saving enhancements including an air source heat pump and EV charging point. Call today to avoid disappointment"
"Enjoying a pleasant cul-de-sac position fronting an open green space, this is a three (formally four) bedroom detached family home with kitchen diner, en-suite bedroom and delightful private garden."
"A beautifully presented, spacious detached home occupying a generous corner plot in a sought-after cul-de-sac location in Chellaston. With a generous lounge, recently refitted dining kitchen with integrated appliances and feature mood lighting, conservatory, four good sized bedrooms and master en..."
An extended and beautifully presented four bedroom detached family house situated within the sought after location of Littleover popular with families for schools and local amenities
"A superb three bedroom semi detached home, situated in the heart of Mickleover Village and a short distance from Derby City Centre and a range of local amenities. Linked to great transport links A38/A50. The property benefits from having an impressive open plan kitchen diner, formal living room, ..."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire this extended four bedroom detached property in the highly sought after location of Oakwood.
"***PREMIER PROPERTY*** Fantastic Family home situated on a generous plot with large driveway and ample gardens, this spacious four bedroom detached home would be ideal for the growing family! Benefiting from uPVC double glazing and gas central heating, the accommodation in brief comprises: Ent..."
A quite superb traditional semi detached family home occupying a large well tended mature plot and located close to the Royal Derby Hospital and Mickleover Village centre. This delightful well cared for property has been improved and extended over the rears and offers the discerning purchaser the...
"Scoffield Stone are delighted to offer for sale this stylish, detached four bedroom Persimmon home which is ideally placed for the growing family. The property is immaculately presented throughout and benefits from a number of key features to include, but not limited to; driveway parking; detach..."
"*QUIET CUL DE SAC POSITION* This THREE BEDROOMED DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH GARAGE AND OFF ROAD PARKING is perfectly located for local ammenities! A look inside reveals an entrance hallway, a naturally bright living room, separate dining room, fitted kitchen with an adjoining utility room, cloakro..."
"Purplebricks are excited to bring to market this two bedroom, detached family bungalow bursting with potential. This home has full central heating and is double glazed throughout. In brief the property comprises of lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen, conservatory, two bedrooms and bathroom to th..."
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** Rare to the market is this substantial detached bungalow located on a good sized corner plot, in the highly sought after location of Allestree. Brought to the market with no upward chain, the property has been extended to create spacious living accommodation and offers t..."
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** NO UPWARD CHAIN *** This spacious detached family home is located in the sought after area of Thulston and offers two reception rooms, a fitted kitchen, four bedrooms, master en suite, a landscaped garden and an integral garage. Ideal for the growing family - an early vie..."
Set in the grounds of Mickleover Manor is this generous three bedroom property. Accessed via a sweeping driveway through the beautiful grounds.
"This detached bungalow is located close to the heart of Chellaston village and is being offered for sale with no onward chain. The property is well presented throughout and is ready to move straight in to. There are two reception rooms, three bedrooms, garage and enclosed rear garden."
"The Huxford is a four bedroom home, ideal for customers moving up the property ladder"
**WELL PRESENTED DETACHED HOUSE**THREE BEDROOMS**STUDY/PLAYROOM**EXCELLENT LOCATION**
ECCLESBOURNE CATCHMENT AREA - SUNNY WEST FACING GARDEN - NOT OVERLOOKED - Situated on the highly popular Kedleston Grange Development is this superbly presented and appointed semi detached property. The property occupies a pleasant plot with views from the first floor across fields in th...
"Hall & Benson are delighted to market this superbly presented, three/four bedroom semi-detached property situated on the sought after, Western Road, Mickleover. This home offers plenty of space, internally and externally so would be perfect for any families looking to live in this popular location."
ECCLESBOURNE CATCHMENT AREA - Beautifully presented three bedroom detached home set within the highly sought after Kedleston Grange Development. This property was built to Miller Homes 'Tiverton' design and offers stylish presentation and contemporary fittings throughout and has the bene...
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** This spacious, extended and well positioned family home is located in the heart of the popular area of Spondon, close to local amenities including highly regarded schools. Offering two generous reception rooms, a spacious open plan kitchen/diner and a good sized garden, i..."
"Scoffield Stone are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, semi-detached family home positioned in a much sought after location. The property is very well presented and has a number of key features to include, but not limited to; double driveway; extensive, private garden to rear; famil..."
"IDEAL FAMILY HOME - Superbly presented recently modernised three bedroom semi-detached property, enjoying a popular location"
"This beautiful extended home offers a simply outstanding dining kitchen, a spacious lounge and is well presented throughout. Located in the sought after area of Allestree - it must be viewed! Benefiting from uPVC double glazing and gas central heating, the accommodation in brief comprises: Ent..."
This is an excellent opportunity to acquire this family detached residence located in an ideal position for Derby City Centre and the Derby Royal Hospital.
"A deceptively spacious, double-fronted detached bungalow located on a good sized corner plot and offering potential to extend (subject to planning permission). The bungalow has had a grand scheme of refurbishment and offers a modern finish and boasting high ceilings, uPVC double glazing, gas cent..."
"**PREMIER PROPERTY** A modern and stylish home having been finished to a very high standard throughout. The property has undergone a grand scheme of refurbishment and has been superbly updated by the current owner, to include a refitted combination boiler, re-plastering, re-decoration, new floori..."
"Sold with vacant possession and no upward chain, we are pleased to present this four bedroom detached house in sought after Allestree Village. Benefitting from off road parking, a garage and rear garden this property would be perfect for a family."
"A spacious detached family home, located within the popular village of Allestree. Offering four bedrooms, fitted kitchen, spacious lounge, conservatory, family bathroom, ample parking and low maintenance garden. The property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating and is being sold..."
"1960's built extended three bedroom detached residence, occupying a quiet cul-de-sac, in the sought after Mickleover location"
"Opportunity to buy a nearly new family home with loads of extras! Including tiled flooring in hall, dining kitchen dressing room and landscaped garden with Gazebo ideal for entertaining. Situated on the prime Taylor Wimpey development off the Derby Bonney Price Island."
"Situated within the ready-made community of Kingsway in Derby, Albany Lodge is a modern Retirement Living development designed exclusively for the over 55's, with a beautiful collection of 10 one-bedroom and 54 two-bedroom apartments available for sale or for rent."
"THREE BEDROOM semi-detached home with OPEN PLAN KITCHEN, SEPARATE LOUNGE and EN-SUITE MASTER BEDROOM."
This modern detached family home occupies a cul-de-sac position and enjoys pleasant countryside views. The property is being offered for sale with no onward chain and features two reception rooms and four bedrooms and has a driveway and garage.
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** charming three bedroomed detached chalet bungalow, occupying an excellent corner plot in one of Chellaston's most sought after locations. The property has the benefit of upvc double glazing, gas central heating, off road parking, a single garage and a generous rear gard..."
**OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN** Surprisingly spacious three bedroom chalet style detached residence occupying a larger than average plot in the sought after location in Mickleover.
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** Located in the sought-after suburb of Chellaston and offered to the market with no upward chain is this detached family home sitting on a good sized plot with potential to extend (subject to planning permission). Boasting two reception rooms, three bedrooms, shower room,..."
"Superbly positioned three bedroom detached residence occupying a highly convenient location on Carsington Crescent close to Park Farm and Markeaton Park in Allestree - No Upward Chain. Allestree Woodlands catchment area, with Lawn and Portway primary schools within walking distance. Offers off..."
**EXTENDED ACCOMMODATION** CORNER PLOT ****LOTS OF PARKING **
"Occupying a corner plot on a pleasant cul-de-sac in the sought-after suburb of Allestree is this detached, three-bedroom family home which benefits from gas central heating, uPVC double glazing, off road parking, an attached garage, a good sized rear garden and is offered for sale with no upward ..."
"Scoffield Stone are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom, semi-detached family home positioned in this much sought after cul de sac location. The property is well presented throughout and has a number of key features to include, but not limited to; double driveway; attractive rear garde..."
"A great opportunity to acquire this modern and spacious family home, situated in the popular location of Stenson Fields and available with no upward chain to consider. The property has been recently updated & improved and offers 4 spacious bedrooms, a modern fitted bathroom, large modern kitchen,..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to market this spacious Four Bedroom Property!
In short the property compromises of; Entrance Hall, Lounge, W.C, Living Room, Conservatory and Spa Room to the ground floor. To the first floor there are four good sized bedrooms and Family Bathroom. Outside of..."
"CHAIN FREE - Scoffield Stone are pleased to offer for sale this nearly new three bedroom, detached family home positioned in an attractive position on this Barratt Home development to the south-west of the village. The property is very well presented throughout and has a number of key features t..."
"A spacious and versatile detached chalet bungalow offering three bedrooms, two reception rooms, conservatory, driveway, garage and enclosed private rear garden, being sold with no upward chain. The property is located a short walk from the village centre and within the Littleover community schoo..."
"This recently constructed three storey semi detached home is located in the sought after area of Chellaston and would make a great family home. The property is immaculately presented and is finished to an extremely high specification. There are four bedrooms, landscaped rear garden and driveway."
"Offered with no chain is this modern three storey semi-detached family home situated on an quiet cul-de-sac with four generous sized bedrooms, en-suite to the master bedroom, kitchen diner, driveway and enclosed rear garden. Located with great access to the A6, M1 and also close to local schools ..."
"Rosedale Avenue really is truly the perfect family home, This heavily extended four bedroom semi detached has the beautiful style of a 1930's home while offering two reception rooms and a fantastically sized kitchen diner with a master bedroom that will rival the best"
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** An enviably located three double bedroomed detached family home, with spacious living and bedroom accommodation, brimming with potential. The property - originally designed as a four bedroom home - has the benefit of uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, ample off ro..."
"** PREMIER PROPERTY ** An early viewing is highly recommended of this modern and stylish detached family home built by Radleigh Homes, located in a small and popular development and would be ideal for the growing family. Offering a spacious layout with dual aspect lounge and kitchen/diner, three ..."
"Bagshaws are pleased to bring to the market this Three Bedroom Chalet style Detached Bungalow, set within a larger than average plot and is in the popular location of Mickleover"
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** Extended, generous and well presented three bedroomed semi-detached home, occupying an excellent plot in one of Littleover's most sought after locations. The property has the added benefit of a private rear garden and off road driveway parking. The accommodation on of..."
"FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME SET ON A CORNER PLOT IN A QUIET CUL DE SAC. With four good size bedrooms, off road parking and open view to front. For sale with no upward chain."
A superb and exclusive development of four stylish and masterfully constructed three bedroom townhouses conveniniently positioned between Derby train station and city centre.
This is an excellent opportunity to acquire this three bedroom detached home located on the popular development of 'Highfields'. Viewing is essential.
Hall & Benson are delighted to bring to market this wonderfully presented three bedroom detahced home situated on this highly sought after residential area. The property has been extremely well maintained by the current owner and an internal inspection is highly advised.
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** This superbly presented, traditional terraced home offers spacious accommodation and is finished to the highest of standards. With a wealth of character features including beautiful fireplaces and surrounds and a modern fitted breakfast kitchen, this well located home mus..."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire this bay fronted four bedroom detached property with large driveway and private rear garden in the highly sought after location of Mackworth.
"OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK - HOPKINS & DAINTY of TICKNALL are pleased to offer this spacious and EXTENDED, four bedroom semi detached family home. Set in the popular suburb of Littleover, this property has been very well maintained by the current owners and offers versatile family living accommodation."
IMMEDIATE POSSESSION - NO UPWARD CHAIN - FREEHOLD - COUNCIL TAX BAND C - ENERGY RATING D - A thoughtfully extended and comprehensively upgraded modern detached family home occupying a landscaped south facing mature plot and situated in this highly aspirational locality. A full inspection will r...
"** PREMIER PROPERTY ** A deceptively spacious family home located close to Spondon village, having been extended, modified and improved over a number of years to create a fabulous home. The property is ideal for the discerning buyer looking to purchase a home set within a sizeable plot together w..."
STYLISH FOUR BEDROOM EN-SUITE three-storey semi-detached home with GARAGE located located on the popular Highfields development - A REAL MUST SEE!
"A pair of new build three bedroom, two bathroom, three toilet detached properties situated within easy reach of Derby city centre, Alvaston Village, local schooling, good transport links and nearby open space. Due for completion early 2023. With Howdens fitted kitchen, Armitage Shanks sanitarywa..."
"The Spinner, is a 3-bedroom home that extends across three floors and features an open-plan kitchen, living and dining area, two en suite shower rooms and a stylish family bathroom. Completed by a single garage and off road parking."
The Byford is a three bedroom detached home with driveway parking and garage
"A VERY GOOD INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY THIS HIGHLY APPEALING, CHARACTER, FOUR-BEDROOMED MID-PALISADE RESIDENCE, within the Historic Strutts Park Conservation Area, with the additional benefit of parking spaces to the rear, and located just minutes walking distance of the Cathedral Quarter and Derby c..."
"High spec hmo fully let. £28,500 per year rental income. 9.6% gross yield"
"Located within an end of cul de sac position, this modern detached family residence offers a high standard of interior accommodation within the popular area of Oakwood, Derby. The home is gas centrally heated and uPVC double glazed throughout and opens with a welcoming reception hallway, guest cl..."
"CHARCTERFUL TERRACED PROPERTY IN CONVENIENT LOCATION. Substantial four bedroom home with many original features, kitchen/diner, gated parking. For sale with no upward chain."
"The Byford is a three bedroom detached home, ideal for families who need a little extra space"
"Compared to other three bedroom semi detached homes this offers a remarkable level of luxury and comfort within its walls. Finished to a high standard, this is a home with real kerb appeal, with the roofed porch adding to the fine first impression. Inside, the layout is kept simple yet elegant..."
"Enjoy the best of modern living in this popular three-bedroom home which benefits from a stylish open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors leading into the garden. The Hatfield's bright front aspect living room, separate utility room, handy storage cupboard and downstairs WC make this a great home."
"The Byford is a three bedroom detached home, with integrated appliances and turfed rear garden"
"Spread over three floors, this expansive period property offers four double bedrooms, two single bedrooms, a spacious family bathroom and an additional ground floor bathroom. Benefiting from gas central heating and off road parking, the accommodation in brief comprises: Entrance porch; hallway..."
"SPACIOUS THREE STOREY HOME - A beautifully presented, 'Persimmon Built' four bedroom semi-detached home offering around 1140 square feet of living accommodation, occupying this popular modern development on the edge of Chellaston. This well presented three storey home was built in 2017 a..."
"Enjoying beautiful gardens, this is a detached bungalow with garage located close to the many amenities found at the Park Farm shopping centre, offered for sale with no upward chain."
"**PREMIER PROPERTY** A modern detached family home ideally located close to the The Royal Derby Hospital and Derby City Centre. Offered to the market with with no upward chain, the property benefits from CCTV, home security alarm system, NHBC warranty valid until June 2028, owned solar panels pro..."
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** NO UPWARD CHAIN * Located in the most sought after Five Lamps/Six Streets area of Derby, this spacious, traditional period home offers two reception rooms, three bedrooms, an additional spacious loft room and is offered for sale with no upward chain. Benefitting from u..."
"This well presented, spacious and extended detached bungalow stands in a sought-after area close to local amenities and transport routes and offers two reception rooms and a modern fitted kitchen. Internal viewings essential. Benefiting from uPVC double glazing and gas central heating, the acc..."
"Must view property! We are delighted to bring to market this 4 bedroom, detached dormer bungalow being sold with no upward chain. The property benefits from having a large open plan living area, four bedrooms and a spacious rear garden. Call us to arrange your viewing."
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** This beautifully presented, three bedroomed family home offers a well proportioned open-plan lounge/diner with feature fireplace and a generous sized rear garden. Being ideal for families and located close to sought after schools and a range of local amenities, an interna..."
A modern four bedroom family home having been built by Avant completed in July 2022. The property is being sold due to a change of circumstances by the current family and it is now a great chance for the new owners to purchase and just move straight in
** SUPERBLY PRESENTED DETACHED PROPERTY - MODERN KITCHEN DINER - REFITTED SHOWER ROOM ** Situated in close proximity to local shops and schooling is this well presented three bedroom detached property occupying a pleasant elevated position and in brief comprises: Entrance hallway and lo...
ECCLESBOURNE SCHOOL CATCHMENT AREA - Extended detached property with private garden located in the heart of Darley Abbey Village and close to Darley Park. The property is within a short walk to the vibrant Derwent Valley Mills including a fine dining restaurant and popular wine bars. The...
**NO CHAIN** 1930'S BUILT DETACHED HOUSE** LOUNGE**DINING KITCHEN**UTILITY****BATHROOM**TWO BEDROOMS**ADDITIONAL W.C.** OFF ROAD PARKING**ESTABLISHED GARDEN**VIEWING RECOMMENDED
"An early viewing is absolutely essential to appreciate this most attractive, particularly well appointed and presented detached bungalow offering deceptively spacious accommodation. The beautifully presented and refurbished accommodation boasts a modern and stylish interior throughout and is set ..."
"This well-presented, detached family home is located in the most sought after area of Mickleover and is offered to the market with no upward chain. The property benefits from an open plan kitchen/diner, fitted kitchen, conservatory and off road parking including a single garage. The accommoda..."
A stylish three double bedroom end town house in a popular and convenient location in Spondon on a good size plot with a landscaped garden and garage.
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** Located along one of Chellaston's most sought-after tree lined avenues, this well presented, extended and modernised three bedroomed detached family home offers a beautiful open-plan fitted dining kitchen, uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, a generous garden and am..."
"A HIGHLY APPEALING CHARACTER, COTTAGE RESIDENCE, forming part of a small, select development of similar properties, in the desirable suburb of Mickleover, within walking distance of local amenities. The delightful, well-proportioned interior boasts many character features, and has been the subje..."
"Detached dormer bungalow which is situated on Kennedy close in Chaddesden. Offering a good amount of living space, A viewing of this home is highly recommended in order to fully appreciate the accommodation on offer."
"The Leicester is a four-bedroom practical family home. It features an open-plan kitchen/dining room, a light-filled living room with French doors leading into the garden. The first floor has three good-sized bedrooms and a family bathroom. On the top floor, bedroom one has the bonus of an en suite."
"The Clayton Corner features an open-plan kitchen diner and impressive living room with French doors opening into the garden, a utility room, WC and storage cupboard. Upstairs you'll find three bedrooms, including a large en suite bedroom one, a family-sized bathroom and handy storage cupboard."
"In the sought after Strutts Park conservation area, we are proud to bring to market this newly refurbished three bedroom mid terraced property. The house benefits from being in a popular location and requires no work. View now!"
"A smart and stylish modern larger than average semi detached family home of 86 square metres, situated in this highly regarded and sought after locality, standing on a landscaped corner plot. Gas centrally heated and UPVC double glazed throughout, this tastefully decorated property briefly compri..."
"This beautifully presented detached bungalow is located in the sought after area of Chaddesden and would make a great family home. The property has a converted attic and features four bedrooms, two bathrooms, study area, UPVC conservatory, generous rear garden and off road parking."
"Acquire Properties are pleased to present this sought after four bed house located on a quiet road in Chellaston. Built by Persimmon Homes and spread over three floors, the property briefly comprises of entrance hallway giving access to downstairs WC, living room and large kitchen/diner. Stairs t..."
"A spacious, three bedroom detached family home situated on a corner plot cul-de-sac position in the popular residential location of Oakwood with the benefit of off-road parking and a garage to the rear of the property. The property derives the benefits of gas central heating and double ..."
"Hall & Benson are delighted to bring to market this wonderfully presented bay fronted, three bedroom detached home situated on this highly sought after residential area. The property has been extremely well maintained by the current owner and an internal inspection is highly advised."
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** This recently constructed, spacious three-storey town house offers four bedrooms, master en suite and a modern fitted dining kitchen - all located in one of Chellaston's newest and sought-after developments. Benefitting from uPVC double glazing and gas central heating,..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market beautifully presented semi detached family home has been fully modernised throughout offering a newly fitted kitchen, bathroom and shower room along with a fully landscaped garden. The property is finished to an high standard and is situated direc..."
"Hall & Benson are delighted to bring to market this wonderfully presented bay fronted, three bedroom semi detached home situated on this highly sought after residential area. The property has been extremely well maintained by the current owner and an internal inspection is highly advised."
"Extended, spacious and well presented detached family home offering three bedrooms, two generous sized reception rooms, impressively wide hallway, driveway, garage and enclosed private rear garden, being sold with no upward chain. The property benefits from gas central heating, double glazing an..."
"A well presented detached bungalow in a private position, on a generous plot with a sizable amount of off street parking including space for a caravan, garage, conservatory, four piece bathroom suite and enclosed garden. Located at the end of a cul de sac, the property benefits from gas central ..."
Offered for sale with no onward chain is this spacious detached property in a sought after location close to Mickleover Village.
"OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK - HOPKINS & DAINTY bring to the market this beautifully presented, three bedroom detached bungalow. Set in the popular area of Spondon, convenient for access into Derby/Pride Park via the nearby A52 and falling within the West Park School catchment. Standing on a generous garde..."
"This well-presented detached family home is situated in a popular location and benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, solar panels, off road parking, an integral garage and a good sized rear garden. In brief the accommodation comprises: Entrance hallway; spacious bay-fronted..."
A unique opportunity to acquire this extended four double bedroom three storey renovated property in an ever popular location.
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** This stunning, detached, period cottage boasts impeccable presentation and whilst it has been tastefully modernised and fully refurbished throughout, it still retains plenty of wonderful character and period features, such as the revealed beams throughout the ground floor..."
"**NO UPWARD CHAIN** Situated within the Chellaston Academy catchment area, this good-sized three-bedroomed end terrace is well worth viewing and includes off-road parking, a single garage and a landscaped rear garden."
"Located on the popular Highfields estate is this modern three storey three bedroom town house, perfect for a first time buyer or family. Viewing is strongly advised to appreciate the deceptively spacious living accommodation on offer inside and out. The property is set back from the road with dri..."
"Just released. .Plot 242, The Orchid - A modern 1178 sq ft, 4 bedroom detached family home. The ground floor features a light and airy lounge, a fitted  kitchen and a dining room with French doors leading onto a private rear garden."
"*Guide Price - £280,000 - £290,000* This attractive 3-bedroom terraced property is nestled in a sought-after area and is well-placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links. This impressi..."
"Sold with vacant possession and no upward chain is this well maintained three bedroom detached home set on a good sized plot with a driveway providing parking for multiple vehicles, garage and a mainly laid with paving rear garden."
"A beautifully presented townhouse, located on a quiet gated development in the sought after location of Mickleover. The property is set over three floors offering a versatile layout and benefits from uPVC double glazing throughout, gas central heating (replacement boiler 2021), refitted kitchen..."
"** NO UPWARD CHAIN ** A spacious, versatile detached bungalow which has been recently renovated to a high standard and now benefits from a modern fitted kitchen, bathroom and new en-suite. The property also benefits from new uPVC double glazing, gas central heating by way of a combination boile..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to Market this immaculately presented Three Bedroom Detached Bungalow.
The property in short compromises of: Entrance Porch, a extremely Large and Spacious Lounge, Kitchen, Master Bedroom, Bedroom Two which is also a double room, Bedroom 3/Dining Room and Famil..."
"***PREMIER PROPERTY*** Located in a Cul-De-Sac in the sought after area of Oakwood, this family home not only offers well presented accommodation, but has the added additions of a ground floor shower room and well fitted utility room. With an enclosed garden and ample driveway, it offers all the ..."
"** PREMIER PROPERTY ** This extended family residence is found within the sought after area of Mickleover & has been through a scheme of refurbishment and improvements including; re-wire, re-plastering, redecorating and has been modified to create a fabulous and most spacious open plan living kit..."
HOPKINS & DAINTY of TICKNALL bring to the market this individually built and designed bungalow with two double bedrooms. In a popular location with a delightful rear lawn and patio garden. Offered with NO UPWARD CHAIN and falling within the Derby Moor Academy School catchment. The accommodati...
"Purplebricks are delighted to present this 'must see' three bedroom bungalow to market available with no chain. Inside the property there are three generous sized bedrooms, a utility/bathroom, a separate shower room and a large kitchen/diner which then leads to the lounge which looks out onto th..."
"This detached family home has been brought to the market with no upward chain and falls within the Littleover school catchment area. The property is nestled towards the end of a pleasant cul-de-sac and has been through a scheme of improvements including a re-installed central heating system, re..."
"A WONDERFUL opportunity to acquire this DETACHED FAMILY home with HUGE POTENTIAL located close to DERBY HOSPITAL, CITY CENTRE, the A50 and A38! In need of repair, Viewing is a must to appreciate the location and space on offer!"
A fantastic opportunity to acquire this two bedroom detached bungalow with on and off driveway in the ever popular location of Oakwood.
"***PREMIER PROPERTY*** Largely extended and offering a stunning open plan living dining/kitchen with bi-fold doors opening to a most generous rear garden, this beautiful home must be viewed! Benefiting from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating and underfloor heating to the living/dining/ki..."
**DETACHED BUNGALOW**TWO BEDROOMS**EXCELLENT LOCATION**
"Enjoying a pleasant cul-de-sac position and occupying a large and beautifully maintained garden is this traditional two bedroom detached bungalow offering excellent potential for improvement, extension and personalisation (STPP.)"
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** This stunning and stylish double-fronted detached family home is located on a corner plot within the popular Buttercup Leys development in Boulton Moor. Having been built with a wide variety of upgrades and additions, including integrated kitchen appliances, quartz works..."
"This family home cannot be faulted for the space it has to offer. With four double bedrooms, all with fitted wardrobes, as well as an en-suite to the master bedroom, there is plenty of space for the whole family as well as it having a driveway and garage. It is in an immaculate condition ready fo..."
"A deceptively spacious, two bedroom detached bungalow with great potential for a loft conversion enabling a two further bedrooms (subject to planning permission), already having a staircase in place to create a four bedroom property, located in a popular residential location. The proper..."
Beautifully presented recently constructed three bedroomed modern detached residence in popular location of Stenson Fields
"*** CHAIN FREE *** FOUR BEDROOMS *** THREE STOREY *** Lovely Four bedroom, modern three storey town house situated in a quiet location backing on to Fullens Park Great access to the A6, M1 and close to local schools.And ready to move in to! CALL TODAY, TO VIEW"
"SUPERB DETACHED BUNGALOW - 360 VIRTUAL TOUR & 3D INTERACTIVE MODEL - A beautifully modernised detached two double bedroom bungalow, occupying this delightful end of cul-de-sac position off Inglewood Avenue, offering easy access to Mickleover's first class range of local amenities. The property ha..."
Apartment 6 - A luxury two bedroom first floor apartment featuring a private Juliette balcony and loft space storage - Nutwood Court is a prestigious collection of just seven luxury apartments located in one of Derby’s most sought-after locations. Developed by Elmhurst Homes to an exacting specif...
"A traditional bay fronted semi detached family home, located in the highly sought after area of Mickleover nestled towards the end of a quiet cul-de-sac. The property is offered with no upward chain and benefits from an open plan lounge/diner, off road parking including a detached garage and a we..."
"Plot 177 * A stylish & ENERGY EFFICIENT new home with a SOUTH FACING garden, modern open plan kitchen / dining area & good sized bedrooms with EN SUITE to the master bedroom *12 months ENERGY BILLS CONTRIBUTION *"
"*Ideal for first time buyers* Contemporary kitchen, open plan LIVING/DINING room with French doors, EN-SUITE to principal bedroom, parking spaces."
Plot 105 * Prominent end CORNER position * Save up to 63% on your annual utility bills when you buy new build * Driveway parking for 2 cars * Modern OPEN PLAN kitchen / dining * Stylish en suite to master bedroom * Short commute to Derby city centre *
Being situated within a family friendly cul-de-sac estate is this lovely three bedroom link-detached family home. Being situated in the popular location of Oakwood viewing is highly recommended to appreciate the deceptively spacious living accommodation on offer. Being best suited to a couple or ...
"A deceptively spacious and attractive two bedroom, detached bungalow benefiting from off-street parking and a large private garden with delightful patio area being south-facing with sun throughout the afternoon. The property is constructed of brick to the external elevation under a pitc..."
"Scoffield Stone are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, semi-detached bungalow, ideally located in a cul de sac position at this popular address. The property, though dated is very well presented and maintained and has a number of key features to include, but not limited to; generou..."
" ***GUIDE PRICE £270,000 - £280,000*** Early viewing of this spacious townhouse is recommended, a delightful 4-bedroom house set in a quiet cul de sac location with a balcony overlooking a bridle path. The accommodation comprises: Entrance hallway, ground floor bedroom 4 / ga..."
"Sold with no upward chain, we are pleased to bring to market this very well presented three bedroom detached house. Being built in 2018, the property benefits from being a modern build with a lot of space."
A spacious three bedroom traditional semi-detached property in Littleover offering extended accommodation ideally suited to family living. VIEWING ADVISED
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** Situated in a prime position on the extremely popular Bonnie Prince Estate in Chellaston, an excellent opportunity arises to acquire this beautifully presented and maintained, four bedroomed, three-storey town house.  The property enjoys views over neighbouring field..."
Enjoying a pleasant position and with a larger than expected garden is this three storey three bedroom semi-detached townhouse located on the popular Heatherton Village development in Littleover. No onward chain.
"IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - A most and imposing period semi-detached property that offers an interesting investment opportunity that comprises four self contained flats with a total floor area of around 1900 square feet and that are currently generating a rental income of around £21,000 per an..."
"This spacious, three-bedroomed home on a great sized plot has the unique added benefits of a generous loft room and a large detached double garage (with power and lighting) which is currently used as an office/business unit. Located to offer easy access to local amenities, the property benefit..."
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** A rarely available FOUR BEDROOMED semi-detached home offering a most generous garden, two reception rooms and offered for sale with no upward chain. Benefiting from uPVC double glazing and gas central heating, the accommodation in brief comprises: Entrance hall; spacio..."
"LITTLEOVER SCHOOL CATCHMENT - SPACIOUS PERIOD HOME WITH DETACHED BRICK BUILT STUDIO/GYM - A most spacious Victorian three storey home, offering FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS and over 1400 square feet of living accommodation. This well presented and substantial period home retains many original and interes..."
"**PREMIER PROPERTY** This superbly maintained family home located in the popular residential location of Mackworth has been updated and improved over a number of years and benefits from high ceilings, modern kitchen/diner, shower room and a good sized rear garden with a large wooden shed and offe..."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS - GENERATE INSTANT INCOME ON THIS FULLY LICENSED HMO YIELDING ALMOST 8% NET! Luxury six bedroom, three bathroom HMO offered fully furnished - don't miss out and enquire today."
"THREE BED DETACHED HOUSE WITH FANTASTIC SIZED ROOMS, DRIVEWAY PARKING AND A GOOD SIZED GARDEN, THIS HOME MAKES A GREAT HOME FOR A FIRST TIME BUYER OR SMALL FAMILY! With a great sized kitchen diner, lounge and WC downstairs and three generous bedrooms, a family bathroom and en-suite upstairs, this..."
Viewing is recommended of this well maintained and presented detached bungalow which occupies a favoured residential cul-de-sac location within the Parkview School Catchment. The spacious property occupies a mature corner plot position and is available for sale with no upward chain. The acco...
**DETACHED BUNGALOW** LOUNGE** KITCHEN**CONSERVATORY**TWO BEDROOMS****SHOWER/WETROOM** ATTRACTIVE GARDENS**CARPORT**GARAGE**WORKSHOP
Plot 102 * 12 months ENERGY BILLS contribution * Good sized WEST FACING garden * Driveway parking * Perfect for first time buyers * EN SUITE to master bedroom * Stunning open kitchen / dining with french doors & separate utility * Development selling fast! *
A traditional and spacious bay fronted detached bungalow occupying a larger than average plot and with excellent potential to develop/extend subject to necessary planning permission.  Occupying a sought after location adjacent to Chaddesden Park and offered for sale with no upward chain an...
"This very well presented townhouse is neatly arranged over three floors and is ideally located for a wide range of amenities with restaurants, bars, doctors, and several local schools including St Martins School which is rated as Outstanding by OFSTED, there are several other schools on hand to c..."
"This ideally located, spacious detached home occupies a good sized plot in the ever sought-after and most popular area of Spondon. Offering generous accommodation, driveway with scope to create additional off road parking, if required, a mature and good size south facing rear garden and is avail..."
A home to be proud of! If you are searching for that next step up the ladder as you need that extra bedroom or more space then we are pleased to say your search is over!
"A modern, well maintained and proportioned detached home set back within a cul-de-sac of only three properties and benefits from four/five bedroomed accommodation, ideal for the growing family and an early viewing is recommended.   Being supplemented by gas fired central heating, UPVC dou..."
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND D We are delighted to offer to the market this stunning 4-bedroom semi-detached house Embleton Way, Chellaston offering no upward chain. The property offers a well-adapted layout, offering comfortable accommodation supporting a wide array..."
"SUPERB OPEN PLAN CONTEMPORARY HOME - A beautifully presented 'Avant Homes' built three bedroom semi-detached property, occupying this delightful location, situated in the highly sought after Cotchett Village development on the edge of Mickleover, close to open countryside. This property offers s..."
"** PREMIER PROPERTY ** Located in the most sought after area of Spondon and featuring a refitted breakfast kitchen with integrated appliances, spacious through lounge diner, large conservatory and an additional study/home office - this three-bedroomed detached home is ideal for the growing family..."
"We are delighted to bring to market this 4 bedroom, Victorian terraced property located in the popular Five Lamps area. Sold with no upward chain - call us to arrange your viewing!"
"Offering excellent accommodation and positioned within a private gated development in this much sought-after area, is this modern, well presented and ideally located three bedroomed detached bungalow. Benefitting from uPVC double glazing and gas central heating, the accommodation in brief comp..."
"A modern and attractive, detached family home occupying an established cul-de-sac location and offered for sale with no upward chain. The well-presented accommodation has been extended to the rear elevation and benefits from gas fired central heating, UPVC double glazing and would be ideal for t..."
"An early viewing is absolutely essential to appreciate this attractive, much improved and well appointed, semi detached home occupying a sought after location set back from Chaddesden Lane. There are two composite outhouses to the rear of the property which would be of particularly interest to t..."
"* FREE FLOORING & APPLIANCES * Ideal for first time buyers - 3 BEDROOMS, contemporary fitted kitchen, open plan LIVING/DINING room with French doors to garden, EN-SUITE to master bedroom, parking spaces."
~ BEAUTIFULLY REFURBISHED HOME THROUGHOUT ~ RECENTLY INSTALLED MODERN BATHROOM ~ FANTASTIC KITCHEN WITH BUILT-IN NEFF APPLIANCES     ~ NEW LOW MAINTENANCE GARDEN AND FENCING    ~ RECENTLY INSTALLED DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM     ~ UPVC DOUBLE GLAZED WINDOWS INSTALLED...
A brilliant four bedroom semi detached house situated within the well known and desirable modern development. This property is a great home which upon viewing you will truly appreciate the space it has to offer
"***VIEWINGS FROM FEBRUARY 2023*** STUNNING FAMILY HOME... Prepare to be impressed with this substantial three-bedroom property benefitting from an extension in order to create a property that any family would be lucky to call their forever home. Internally, the property benefits from a r..."
"*NO UPWARD CHAIN* Very well presented, five bedroom, detached family home located on a private corner plot in a quiet cul de sac in Alvaston. Boasting a 19ft living room, four double bedrooms, a further fifth downstairs bedroom with its own shower room, ideal for elderly or disabled access, along..."
"THE LATEST ADDITION TO THE VILLAGE... This two bedroom detached new build is complete with Category 5 cables in every room built in with high wall mounted sockets, electric car charger and a double drive which will ramp up to the front door. This property is in a quiet area within reach ..."
"Being sold with no onward chain this spacious town house has a lot to offer with flexible living across three floors. The home benefits from an internal garage, enclosed garden and brilliant local amenities within driving or walking distance."
"New to the market this THREE bedroom detached property, providing good access to all local amenities. The property is deceptive and finished to a high standard. An internal inspection is recommended by the agent to appreciate the property on offer. The property comprises of entrance hall, downsta..."
LITTLEOVER SCHOOL CATCHMENT - NO CHAIN - A spacious three bedroom detached property in a sought after location in the Littleover School Catchment area offered for sale with no onward chain.
"An opportunity to acquire this extended bay fronted, four bedroomed semi detached home having been well maintained by the current owners and occupying a popular sought after location within Chaddesden. With lots of potential the property would be ideal for the growing family and viewing is highl..."
A superb opportunity to acquire a three-bedroom semi-detached family residence located in the well-favoured residential area of Allestree & convenient for local amenities & schools of all grades. Ideal for a growing family. Description The ground floor comprises of an entra...
"This versatile, three-storey, family home situated within the popular Highfields development features a modern layout and benefits from uPVC double glazing and gas central heating. The property also boasts three bedrooms, en-suite, family bathroom, off road parking and a single garage. The acc..."
"Hall and Benson are delighted to present this three bedroom detached bungalow in the popular suburb of Littleover, close to local amenities the bungalow would be suitable for both families and those looking to downsize in the area. Call us on arrange your internal inspection."
"Offered to the market with no upward chain is this modern, superbly presented home which is located in the sought-after Highfields Development in Littleover. The property is finished to a high standard and would be ideal for a first time buyer, family or would make a fantastic investment opportu..."
"SPACIOUS AND WELL-PRESENTED DETACHED BUNGALOW, enjoying a well-established and sought-after cul-de-sac position off Moorway Lane, in the popular suburb of Littleover, well served by a range of local amenities. Available with IMMEDIATE VACANT POSSESSION, the highly adaptable interior has the bene..."
A beautifully renovated three bedroom semi-detached property with garage in the highly desired location of Mickleover on Ladybank Road.
"Hall & Benson are pleased to bring to market this newly refurbished, detached bungalow in the sought after location of Allestree. The bungalow benefits from having three bedrooms, a large lounge/diner and off road parking. The property is offered for sale with no upward chain."
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** A well presented and generously proportioned, three bedroomed link detached family home, occupying an excellent position in the ever popular Derbyshire suburb of Chellaston. The property has the benefit of upvc double glazing, gas central heating, an enclosed rear garden..."
"**OPEN 7 DAYS** HOPKINS & DAINTY of TICKNALL are delighted to bring to the market this well presented three bedroom detached house located on the ever popular Newton Village development, close to amenities and good communication links and also ideally situated for local walks in the countryside o..."
"This deceptively spacious and extended, detached bungalow is set back from Arundel Drive and has the benefit of ample off road parking, an attached garage and a pleasant, enclosed garden which enjoys a degree of privacy. The property offers versatile two/three bedroomed accommodation and viewing..."
"A spacious three storey, four bedroom town house offering large family living space which benefits from gas central heating and double glazing. NO CHAIN."
"GENEROUS MATURE SOUTH FACING GARDEN - A well presented and well proportioned three bedroom detached family home, occupying this stunning mature garden south facing plot, located close to excellent local amenities in Spondon village, whilst also offering easy access to the A52 with swift access to..."
"SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH LOUNGE, DINING ROOM, KITCHEN, THREE BEDROOMS, BATHROOM, OFF ROAD PARKING, DRIVEWAY, GARAGE, AND GARDEN TO REAR"
"Scoffield Stone are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, semi-detached family home. Set within a quiet cul-de-sac location, this property has been beautifully maintained throughout and benefits from additional upgrades including house alarm and Cctv. The property is found on the sought..."
"**PREMIER PROPERTY** This stunning family home boasts a wealth of charm and character having been extended and upgraded to an excellent standard whilst retaining plenty of original features. The property offers spacious accommodation throughout and boasts an impressive kitchen, fantastic conserva..."
"Scoffield Stone are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom modern semi-detached property enjoying a favoured and popular location in Mickleover, being offered for sale with the benefit of gas central heating, open plan living and off road parking to the rear including a detached garage. An ..."
"Plot 259, The Fern - A light and airy lounge, a fitted kitchen and dining space with French doors leading onto a private rear garden. Bedroom 1 with en-suite shower room, a double bedroom, a further bedroom and a family bathroom."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire this three bedroom detached property boasting character and space with the added extra of a very large rear garden and driveway to front.
"A well-presented, two double-bedroomed, detached bungalow occupying a pleasant and established cul-de-sac and is offered for sale with no upward chain. The well maintained accommodation is supplemented by gas fired central heating, double glazing, ample off road parking and a detached garage. ..."
Well-positioned two bedroom detached bungalow within a quiet cul-de-sac location in Allestree - No Upward Chain
Approximately 23.3 acres (9.42 hectares) of Grassland for sale by public auction on Wednesday 10th May 2023 at 3pm at Uttoxeter Racecourse.
"Sold with vacant possession and no upward chain is this well maintained two double bedroom detached bungalow set on a good sized plot with a driveway providing parking for multiple vehicles, garage and a mainly paved rear garden."
A perfect canvass for any growing family looking to make a home their own! The property is also situated on a slightly larger than average plot meaning it has potential to further extend
"An excellent opportunity to acquire this deceptively spacious traditional bay fronted detached bungalow having been extended to the rear elevation and occupying a larger than average plot with a mature south facing garden to the rear elevation. The property has been re-roofed, gas fired centra..."
"New to market is this very well presented and spacious, three-storey mid town house, offering versatile living accommodation to include full uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, a low maintenance rear garden, off road parking for 2 cars and a garage which has been converted into a bedroom. ..."
NO CHAIN - A spacious and superbly presented FOUR BEDROOM mid terrace property in the sought after Chester Green area of the City offered for sale with no onward chain.
"A well-presented two bedroom detached bungalow situated within this popular residential location. With good sized conservatory to the rear, this would make a lovely home if you are wanting to downsize and keep the family living space"
"This traditional extended detached bungalow has recently been fully refurbished and is being offered for sale with no onward chain. The property has been finished to an extremely high standard and features open plan dining kitchen, two double bedrooms and stylish shower room."
"A particularly well maintained presented detached bungalow occupying a sought after no through road location close to Spondon village and benefits from pleasant gardens, block paved driveway, carport and detached garage.   The property benefits from gas central heating system with combina..."
"** BEING SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU ** A newly built THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED property situated in the sought after area of Spondon being within walking distance of the Village, West Park Senior School and having easy access to the A52 and excellent public transport links. The property ..."
Delighted to market this deceptively spacious three bedroom semi-detached property situated within a desirable cul-de-sac location. Viewing is strongly advised to truly appreciate the potential that this lovely home has to offer. Upon viewing you will also be able to appreciate the fantastic outd...
"A modern and extended property located in a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought after area of Mickleover. The property is ideal for first time buyers, families or would make a fantastic investment opportunity. The property benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, owned solar panels pro..."
"This two bedroom detached bungalow sits on a popular street in Allestree and benefits from having off road parking, a garage and being located on a corner plot. The property requires some modernisation but would make for a lovely home."
"**To be sold via online auction on FRIDAY 28TH APRIL AT 10AM. The auction will run for 30 minutes. Register to bid today. ** Set within this extremely sought after development, occupying a spacious plot, is this well presented 4 bedroom semi-detached home. "
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** An extended family home offering spacious living accommodation throughout. Located in the popular area of Littleover and benefitting from a CCTV home security alarm system, uPVC double glazing, gas central heating via a combination boiler, off road parking, a detached si..."
"*** BRILLIANT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** This spacious, three-bedroomed mid-terraced property is currently configured to provide four rental rooms with a separate living room, dining room, kitchen and two shower rooms. An ideal investment opportunity - the property is offered for sale with tenan..."
Three Bedroom Detached. New Decor And Flooring throughout . Garage. Refitted Family Bathroom. Downstairs Cloakroom. Generous Private Rear Garden. NO CHAIN*
"A stunning, refurbished detached bungalow located in the highly sought-after area of Shelton Lock and offered to the market with no chain. The property has undergone a scheme of refurbishment from re-plastering, re-wiring, newly installed central heating system, oak doors and has been superbly fi..."
"YOPA are thrilled to welcome to the market this well presented three bedroom semi - detached home in the sought after Highfields location in Littleover. Benefitting from an en - suite off the master bedroom, off street parking for two cars and a generous plot size. This would be a great family home!"
Hall & Benson are delighted to bring to market this wonderfully presented three bedroom semi-detached home situated on this highly sought after residential area. The property has been extremely well maintained by the current owner and an internal inspection is highly advised.
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** This much improved, detached family home is positioned within a popular and convenient location and is ideal for a growing family. The property has been updated over the last two years with the installation of a stunning refitted kitchen, replaced flooring and carpets, la..."
A wonderful two bedroom detached bungalow situated in this highly desirable location. The property is well-presented and is offered for sale with no upward chain
A traditional bay fronted three bedroom semi-detached property enjoying a quiet and convenient position within walking distance of the City Centre - No Upward Chain
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** Stunningly well presented and with a beautiful lounge, separate dining room and a converted loft space - this spacious detached bungalow offers much more than meets the eye! Benefitting from uPVC double glazing and gas central heating, the accommodation in brief compri..."
"A traditional detached bungalow occupying a popular location within the Cherry Tree Area of Chaddesden and benefits from solar panels, mature and good size rear garden, off road parking and office/study. The property benefits from gas fired central heating, UPVC double glazing and briefly comp..."
"*** NO UPWARD CHAIN *** This great sized, two double bedroom, bay-fronted, detached bungalow on a fantastic plot could not be better located to offer easy access to the Park Farm Shopping Centre. Offered for sale with no upward chain and benefitting from uPVC double glazing and gas central he..."
STUNNING HIGH SPEC NEW BUILDS IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION... This new build property would make an ideal purchase for any family buyers looking for their forever home. This property is currently under construction and will be finished to an extremely high standard throughout whilst boastin...
An attractive three bedroom semi-detached modern property on this popular new homes development of larger than average proportion inside and out featuring a spacious living room opening on to a large garden with long side driveway.
"Acquire Properties are pleased to bring this three bedroom semi detached house to the market. Ideally located on a well sized plot in Shelton Lock, giving excellent access to major road links, schools and shops. The property briefly comprises of entrance hallway giving access to the dual aspect l..."
A beautifully presented and much improved two double bedroom extended detached bungalow enjoying a pleasant cul-de-sac position in this beautiful village.
A modern three bedroom detached property in a sought after cul-de-sac location in Boulton Moor offered for sale with no onward chain.
NO CHAIN - A great opportunity to acquire a three bedroom detached property with loft room and with driveway for multiple cars with detached garage to rear in the ever popular location of Chaddesden.
"Recently refurbished semi detached property, located in the sought after area of Mickleover. The property benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating via a combination boiler and off road parking to the rear with a detached garage and allocated parking space. Having been lovingly ma..."
Attractive double fronted two bedroom detached bungalow occupying a popular and convenient location on Chaddesden Park Road in Chaddesden - No Upward Chain
"This spacious and recently refurbished three bedroom detached property offers everything needed in a family home, style, size and location. Offered for sale with no upward chain, come and have a look in person"
"Just released. .Plot 166, the Alpine, is a spacious four-bedroom family home with an OPEN-PLAN kitchen and dining room spanning the back of the home. Driveway parking spaces."
"5 BED HMO WITH POTENTIAL ANNUAL INCOME OF CIRCA £30,000. Acquire Properties are pleased to present this brilliant opportunity to purchase this 5 bed HMO, with all rooms having their own private ensuite. Offered with vacant possession, it is located in a prime area for working professionals ..."
"Three bedroom semi detached family home, falling within the Wren Park Primary School and Littleover Community School catchment areas and offered to the market with no upward chain. The property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating, spacious extended kitchen/diner, a good sized rear g..."
"The Tailor is a 3-bedroom home with an open-plan kitchen and dining area, a front-facing living room, a modern family bathroom, and an en-suite shower room to bedroom 1. Completed by off road parking for two cars."
"This well-maintained and tastefully appointed, detached home occupies a mature plot which enjoys a degree of privacy to both front and rear elevations. The property has excellent scope to extend subject to necessary planning permission and an early viewing is recommended. Ideal for the growin..."
"Are you looking for three bedroom family home? Then this lovely home on Hollybrook Way, Littleover is a must see for you!"
"This traditional extended semi detached home is located in the affluent area of Littleover and is beautifully presented throughout. The property features open plan lounge/diner, two double bedrooms, off road parking and a stunning landscaped rear garden which offers year round colour."
"Whether you're searching for a larger home or taking your first step onto the property ladder, this extended three-bedroom semi-detached property on Haydn Road is an excellent choice. Boasting generously sized bedrooms, an open-plan kitchen diner, and an adjoining conservatory, this property has ..."
"A well-presented, modern, three-storey, three-bedroom family home occupying an excellent position in a private cul-de-sac location in the ever popular suburb of Oakwood. The accommodation on offer briefly comprises; Entrance hallway, lounge, dining kitchen, internal hallway and WC, all to the gr..."
"This two double bedroomed detached bungalow has been subject to a comprehensive scheme of modernisation/improvement and an early viewing is absolutely essential to be appreciated. The property benefits from being rewired, newly installed gas central heating system with combination boiler and has..."
"IMMEDIATE POSSESION - NO UPWARD CHAIN - FREEHOLD - COUNCIL TAX BAND B - ENERGY RATING D - SIZEABLE MATURE PLOT CLOSE TO SHOPS, BUS ROUTES AND AMENITIES - TWO BEDROOMS - UPVC DOUBLE GLAZING - GAS CENTRAL HEATING - DETACHED BRICK GARAGE - EXCELLENT POTENTIAL TO IMPROVE / EXTEND (SUBJECT TO LOCAL ..."
"CHAIN FREE - Scoffield Stone are pleased to offer for sale this two bedroom, detached bungalow located in a good position within this popular area and ideal for a retiring couple, or even a first time buyer. The property is very well presented throughout and has a number of key features to inclu..."
"*** NO UPWARD CHAIN *** This spacious and well presented three bedroom semi-detached home is ideally located in the sought after area of Allestree and gives easy access to the Park Farm Shopping Centre, highly regarded schools and great transport links. Benefitting from uPVC double glazing and..."
Most impressive fully refurbished three bedroom semi-detached residence occupying a sought after location in Sunnyhill
"Hall & Benson are delighted to bring to market this beautifully presented and well maintained three storey, four bedroomed, modern townhouse in a convenient and popular location. This lovely home would be ideal for both first time buyers and growing families alike. Call us to arrange your viewing."
"An exceptionally well presented two double bedroom semi detached property situated in the sought after Mickleover being close to the Royal Derby Hospital, offering easy access to the A38 and A50 Road networks and regular public transport links into the City. Entering into the hallway the property..."
"This spacious, three double-bedroomed, semi-detached dormer bungalow is set back from the road within a sought after cul-de-sac location and is offered for sale with no upward chain. The well maintained accommodation is supplemented by gas fired central heating, double glazing, ample off road pa..."
"*VIEWING SLOTS ONLY AVAILABLE FROM APRIL  Strike is pleased to present this property in Derby. This is a STUNNING, very appealing THREE-bedroomed detached house occupying a sought-after position close to popular local schools and all local amenities. PERFECT FAMILY HOME!! Th..."
"A very well presented Three bedroom Semi Detached property in a popular area of Spondon with excellent transport links via car, foot or bus with a driveway, south facing rear garden and master bedroom with en-suite. A viewing is highly recommended to appreciate the accommodation on offer!"
A superbly presented three bedroom extended semi-detached family home in a sought after location close to the Royal Derby Hospital.
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND C We are delighted to offer to the market this stunning 3-bed semi-detached house on Trowels Lane, Derby. The property offers a well-adapted layout, offering comfortable accommodation supporting a wide array of individual or collective fa..."
"A lovely three bedroom semi-detached home, enjoying a lounge and separate dining room. Fitted kitchen and shower room. Ample off-road parking and well maintained rear garden. Brunswood Park is located at the end of the cul de saq. Viewing highly recommended."
A recently renovated one bedroom character property with vaulted ceilings and exposed timber beams. The property is situated in a secure location within a short walk of the village centre of Borrowash within a gated community including off road parking in front of the property. The superb accommo...
"A well looked after spacious three bedroom detached bungalow, standing on an elevated plot within a popular and established residential cul de sac location. G.c.h., ample off-street parking, detached garage and enclosed rear garden. Close to good road networks such as the A52 for Derby and Nott..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this two bedroomed detached bungalow, set in the top corner of a pleasant cul-de-sac, benefitting from a larger than average plot offering potential building space subject to relevant planning permissions (see aerial view photo). The bungalow itself needs a l..."
"Abode are pleased to present to the market this traditional three bedroom semi detached home. Located in the popular Littleover area and convenient for access to the Royal Derby hospital The property comprises: entrance hallway, lounge with a feature fireplace and log burner. Open plan kitchen..."
"Offering spacious living accommodation throughout, with a modern open plan dining kitchen, family bathroom, en suite and allocated parking to the front - an early viewing is essential to avoid disappointment. The internal accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance hallway; ground floor cloakro..."
"OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK - HOPKINS & DAINTY of TICKNALL are pleased to be marketing this traditional three bedroom home. Convenient for access to the Royal Derby hospital, ring road and falling within the Littleover Community school catchment area. The property is set in a pleasant cul-de-sac and comp..."
"This modern family home is located on the highly desirable Regents Place development within Chellaston. The property benefits from a cul-de-sac location, NHBC guarantee, a gas central heating system, uPVC double glazing throughout, off-road parking and an enclosed rear garden. The internal acc..."
"Deceptively spacious three double bedroom semi detached bungalow. Found to the end of a quiet cul-de-sac, this well maintained property benefits from full uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, off road parking including an attached garage and low maintenance gardens to the front and rear. ..."
"Three bedroomed DETACHED family home in the POPULAR area of Chaddesden! Conservatory, Private Driveway and Enclosed Rear Garden! TWO DOUBLE Bedrooms!"
"This well presented, spacious, semi-detached family home is located in the sought after area of Chellaston, set back from the road and features uPVC double glazing, gas central heating by way of a combination boiler, full alarm system, and off road parking, leading to a good size covered storage ..."
"An extremely well looked after two bedroom semi detached bungalow situated in a quiet cul de sac location being brought to the market with the benefit of NO UPWARD CHAIN. With gas central heating from combi boiler, double glazing, off-street parking, detached garage to the rear, and enclosed low..."
"A smart and stylish modern larger than average semi detached family home offering light and spacious high specification accommodation, occupying a landscaped south westerly facing plot and situated in this highly popular enclave. A full inspection will reveal tastefully decorated accommodation be..."
"The Sunderland is a thoughtfully-designed two-bedroom home. The ground floor consists of an open plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading into the garden, a WC and storage cupboard. Upstairs, there are two good-sized bedrooms, a family bathroom and further storage."
"Situated within the ready-made community of Kingsway in Derby, Albany Lodge is a modern Retirement Living development designed exclusively for the over 55's, with a beautiful collection of 10 one-bedroom and 54 two-bedroom apartments available for sale or for rent. "
"A well presented and recently upgraded three bedroom semi-detached home, occupying an excellent plot in the ever popular Derbyshire suburb of Oakwood. The accommodation on offer briefly comprises; Entrance hallway, lounge, recently refitted dining kitchen and conservatory all to the ground flo..."
"Besthorpe Close is quite possibly the best two bedroom semi detached property you will ever see. Offering two double bedrooms and a unique kitchen diner, this is one not to be missed"
"*** NO UPWARD CHAIN *** Occupying a pleasant cul-de-sac location in the much sought-after area of Chellaston, close to the ""old village"" centre, near to shops, schools and bus routes, is this well-presented, two bedroomed detached bungalow. Benefitting from uPVC double glazing and gas central ..."
Offered for Sale with NO UPWARD CHAIN! This THREE-bedroom Town House is located in Popular CHESTER GREEN! 
"Ideal for first time buyers or the discerning purchaser looking for their next step on the property ladder! A modern, well presented three-storey town house, located situated on the popular Buttercup Leys estate, close to both Chellaston and Alvaston and all of the local amenities they have to o..."
"A traditional bay fronted semi detached home occupying a popular location and available for sale with no upward chain. The property benefits from two reception rooms, four bedrooms (one ground floor with wet room), off road parking and an enclosed garden. The accommodation is supplemented by ..."
"A modern, well-presented, three-bedroom, semi-detached home occupying an excellent plot in the sought after Lime Tree Court development in Oakwood. The accommodation briefly comprises; Entrance hallway, generous lounge, open plan dining kitchen and a cloakroom, all to the ground floor. To the fi..."
"Hall and Benson are delighted to offer to the market this immaculately presented three bedroom semi detached house benefiting from living room, kitchen, dining room, utility room, three bedrooms and family bathroom. Viewings are highly recommended."
"Hall & Benson are delighted to bring to market this wonderfully presented, three bedroom semi detached home situated on this highly sought after residential area. The property has been extremely well maintained by the current owner and an internal inspection is highly advised."
MyNewStreet presents this three bedroom detached family home for a quick sale. 
NO CHAIN - A fantastic and rare opportunity to acquire this Grade II listed three bedroom terrace property built in the 1800's situated in Derby.
"This modern three storey town house is located in this sought after area and is beautifully presented throughout. The property features three bedrooms, bathroom and en-suite shower room, driveway and detached garage. There is a wide range of shops and amenities close by."
"Well presented and spacious two bedroom semi detached home, set within a quiet cul-de-sac location. The bungalow has been extended to the rear elevation to provide a good size lounge and dining kitchen. The property benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, off road parking and g..."
"This traditional extended semi detached home is located in the heart of Chaddesden Village and is beautifully presented throughout. The property would make a great home for the growing family and features two reception rooms, four bedrooms, off road parking and low maintenance rear garden."
"This spacious two bedroom detached bungalow is located within the popular area of Alvaston. The property benefits from no upward chain, uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, a recently re-fitted kitchen and gated driveway parking. The accommodation in brief comprises; Entrance hall, spa..."
"Wow, A beautiful home on an even better plot! If you are searching for the next step on the ladder with a garage and a bigger garden then you must come and see this beautiful home in Spondon"
"GREAT LOCATION - CLOSE TO ALL LOCAL AMENITIES - NO UPWARD CHAIN. This well presented two bedroom link detached bungalow sits in a pleasant cul-de-sac location with an elevated position overlooking a pleasant green. Within short walking distance of a range of local amenities including doctors, opt..."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire an extended three bedroom semi-detached property in the sought after location of Alvaston.
The property is deceptively spacious and offers excellent living accommodation in a popular residential area. Offers a great sized large diner and kitchen with three great size bedrooms and recently renovated bathroom. Great purchase for a first time buyer or family to purchase this lovely home.
"*** EXTENDED LIVING ACCOMMODATION *** This traditional extended family home is located in the much sought after area of Chellaston. The property is in need of some modernisation but is packed with potential and benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, off road parking and a garage...."
"COMMERCIAL. End terraced property, currently rented out as a restaurant premises"
A well-presented two bedroom detached bungalow in a sought after cul-de-sac location in Darley Abbey.
"A three-bedroomed, semi-detached property located in the highly sought after area of Littleover. Brought to the market with no upward chain, the property benefits from gas central heating, part double glazing, spacious living accommodation and a larger than average rear garden. In brief the a..."
"IMMEDIATE POSSESSION - NO UPWARD CHAIN. Substantial modern semi detached bungalow occupying a rarely available west facing mature plot in this highly sought after cul de sac, situated within easy walking distance of Mickleover Village. This light and spacious thoughtfully extended home benefits f..."
"An extended, double-fronted bungalow situated in the sought after Derby suburb of Littleover and occupying a pleasant location. The bungalow has been extended to create a wonderful spacious living area and offers two/three bedrooms, a modern bathroom, off road parking, uPVC double glazing, gas ..."
"A spacious and immaculately presented corner plot property briefly comprising; lounge, kitchen diner, rear lobby/utility to the ground floor and three bedrooms and family bathroom to the first floor. The property also boasts gardens to the front and rear, detached garage and large drive for 5+ cars."
"Prepare to be amazed at this gardeners paradise! If you are a keen gardener and love to entertain in the outdoors then this is the property you must come and see. A recently refurbished, two bedroom semi detached home in the popular area of Sunnyhill"
"An extended, cosmetically refurbished and immaculately presented semi detached property with views over open fields to the rear, offering two double bedrooms, two reception rooms, new kitchen, new bathroom, new ground floor cloakroom, off street parking and enclosed rear garden, being sold with n..."
"Situated in the heart of Spondon, close to the beautiful Locko Park, this is a three bedroom semi detached house which benefits from double glazing, gas central heating, garden, driveway and garage."
"Ideal for a small family/professional couple is this well presented three bedroom, three storey modern townhouse enjoying a highly convenient position - No Upward Chain"
"Bagshaws Residential are delighted to offer this distinctive chalet-style Three Bedroom Semi-Detached property. Located in the popular location of Mickleover ideal for the first time buyer or a growing family. The property is within easy access to local road links, bus routes, shops and ameni..."
"A well presented, modernised and improved detached bungalow set back from Oregon Way and is available for sale with no upward chain. The property enjoys the benefit of ample off road parking, garage and maintenance free gardens. The accommodation benefits from gas fired central heating (via a..."
"Mixed use investment opportunity, currently split into two self contained flats and a commercial space currently under lease."
"A unique character cottage, sitting centrally within Mickleover, originally built in the 1900's, 'The Old Stables' was adapted from the former stable blocks and has been thoroughly modernized to a high standard to create a stylish and contemporary three storey home. Featuring a stunning spiral st..."
"A modern and well-presented, three-bedroomed semi-detached home having the potential to extend, subject to necessary planning permission, and offered for sale with no upward chain. The property occupies an established cul-de-sac and would be ideal for the first time buyer or growing family. T..."
YOPA are calling all cash investors to this Grade II listed building in the heart of Derby. This property has planning permission granted for three flats and benefits from being a real project in the City Centre. This is not to be missed and must be viewed to appreciate the opportunity on offer.
EXCELLENT POTENTIAL TO EXTEND (Subject to Planning Permissions) - Well positioned three bedroom semi-detached occupying a larger than average plot
"A well-presented and maintained detached bungalow set back within an established cul-de-sac and benefits from a driveway for up to three vehicles, garage and south facing rear garden. The property is supplemented by gas fired central heating (via a Worcester combination central heating boiler..."
We are proud to present this Three Bedroom Detached Bungalow – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.
A superbly presented three bedroom modern end terrace in sought after location in Boulton Moor ideally suited to a growing family or first time buyer.
"** Great Family Accommodation *** A modern three storey, four bedroom end town house positioned within a popular cul de sac location having the benefit of uPVC double glazing and gas central heating throughout. The home is being sold with a tenant in occupation with an excellent payment hist..."
"A well maintained and presented detached bungalow offered to the market with no upward chain and benefiting from part double glazing, gas fired central heating, off road parking and a detached brick built garage. In brief the property comprises:- Side reception hallway hallway, lounge with fi..."
"Ideal first home with open plan LIVING/DINING with French doors to the garden, contemporary KITCHEN, 2 bedrooms & parking spaces."
"An excellent opportunity to acquire this attractive detached bungalow occupying an established cul-de-sac location and available for sale with no upward chain. The property benefits from gas fired central heating, double glazing, a paved driveway and detached garage. There is also a POD Point ..."
Occupying a delight and sizeable mature plot in this sought after locality is this comprehensively upgraded traditional semi detached family home offering light and spacious high specification accommodation with the additional benefit of a useful attic room. Gas centrally heated and UPVC double g...
"A spacious detached family home, offering three bedrooms, two reception rooms, spacious conservatory, shower room, ample parking and large garden. The property benefits from gas central heating, double glazed windows, no upward chain and requires modernisation throughout. As you enter t..."
"Hall & Benson are delighted to bring to market this wonderfully presented, three bedroom semi detached home situated in Alvaston. The property has been extremely well maintained by the current owner and an internal inspection is highly advised."
"A well-presented and nicely positioned, three-bedroomed, semi-detached family home with uPVC double glazing, an attached single garage and a private rear garden. The accommodation on offer briefly comprises; Entrance hallway; lounge; dining kitchen; ground floor cloakroom/WC. First floor lan..."
"Property number 42276.
Fully Refurbished semi detached property having fully decoration, new carpets though out , New modern Kitchen. The property is located towards the top of Oakwood, close to the schools and 30 metres to the bus route . The property has a fully enclosed private garden."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to Market this spacious Three Bedroom Property in the Popular Location.
In short the property compromises of; Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen/Diner, Utility and W.C to the ground floor. To the first floor there are three good sized bedrooms and shower room.
Thi..."
Gardeners Dream! If you are looking to downsize and enjoy gardening then this is the only bungalow you need to view! This is a two bedroom detached bungalow offered for sale with No Upward Chain
"*** Ecclesbourne School Catchment Area *** Situated at the end of a cul-de-sac in the highly sought after area of Allestree is this well maintained, three bedroomed semi-detached property, which benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, off road parking together with a garage and a ..."
"YOPA are delighted to welcome to the market this well presented three bedroom end of town house in the sought after location of Boulton Moor. Benefitting from an open kitchen/diner, an en - suite off the master bedroom and two allocated parking spaces. This would make a great first time buy!"
"This Property is located in a highly regarded position with Derby close to the Royal Derby Hospital and City Centre, A52,A38 AND A50. The property itself comprises of in brief: Entrance , hallway, reception rooms, kitchen and a utility area. To the first floor there are three bedrooms, family ..."
"No Upward Chain – Fantastic, thoughtfully extended, semi-detached bungalow, located on a superb plot in the highly popular area of Alvaston. The property sits back from the road offering ample driveway parking and has been modernised throughout by the current owner. This property simply must be v..."
"Sold with vacant possession and no upward chain is this well maintained three bedroom detached bungalow set on a good sized plot with a driveway providing parking for multiple vehicles, garage and a mainly lawned rear garden."
** More Information Coming Soon ** We have the pleasure of offering you this opportunity to purchase these three flats which is a great investment opportunity
Period Home. Three Double Bedrooms. Two Reception Rooms. Cellar. Three Piece Bathroom. Garage.
"Scoffield Stone are delighted to offer for sale this two bedroom semi-detached Miller Homes property located in the popular Highfields development in Littleover. This property benefits from a number of key features to include, but not limited to; Boasting a modern and stylish interior throughout ..."
"This spacious and well presented traditional terraced home is located in the sought after and historic area of Chester Green and overlooks a pleasant green space. Offering three bedrooms, two reception rooms and two bathrooms, an internal inspection is highly recommended. Benefiting from UPVC..."
"Deceptively spacious five bedroom family home benefiting from double glazing, gas central heating, bay fronted lounge, breakfast kitchen, separate dining room, and low maintenance rear garden."
"A spacious and well presented detached bungalow with views over Derby offering three bedrooms, lounge diner and surrounding gardens. Located with good access to the city centre, the property benefits from gas central heating and double glazing. There is a large welcoming hallway with useful clo..."
"END TERRCE COMMERCIAL PROPERTY IN POPULAR LCOATION. End terrace property on Burton Road, ideal investment opportunity."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire this extended three bedroom semi-detached property with driveway for three cars in the ever popular location of Chaddesden.
An extended three bedroom semi detached family home having been recently redecorated creating a home you can move straight into!
"A well presented and nicely situated three bedroom semi detached family home, enjoying a generous rear garden and great cul-de-sac location. The accommodation on offer briefly comprises; Entrance Hallway, ground floor WC, generous lounge and an open plan dining kitchen with French doors to th..."
"The Property is located in the Normanton area of Derby, giving great transport links to the town centre, Rolls Royce and City Hospital. With local on the door step amenities including take aways, convenience stores. Entering the property you have a hallway with stairs leading to the upper level..."
LITTLEOVER SCHOOL CATCHMENT! - A fantastic opportunity to acquire this three bedroom semi-detached property in immaculate condition with the added benefit of brick built office in the rear garden in an ever popular location of Derby.
"Buttercup Leys is situated in Boulton Moor, a sought-after suburb on the southern edge of Derby. The immediate area offers all the ingredients for a great lifestyle - the nearby village of Elvaston has a beautiful Country Park, Alvaston boasts several schools along with a picturesque riverside..."
"OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK - HOPKINS & DAINTY of TICKNALL are pleased to offer this beautifully presented, three bedroom semi-detached home. Set in a popular residential location, convenient for access into Derby, the Ring Road and nearby Chellaston which connects to the A50. The property has a plea..."
** OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Attention all buyers - Goodmove have pleasure to launch this spacious three bedroom end of terrace home. It is situated on Powell Street which is scattered with similar properties and is within good reach of the local amenities. Enter the pro...
"An excellent opportunity for a first time buyer or family to purchase this well-presented, three-bedroomed, semi-detached property located in the highly sought-after area of Stenson Fields. Situated on a pleasant cul-de-sac, the property benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, an..."
"This stunning modern semi detached home located in this sought after area and is beautifully presented throughout. The property features three bedrooms, bathroom and en-suite shower room, driveway and detached garage."
The property is deceptively spacious and offers excellent living accommodation in a popular residential area. Offers a great sized reception rooms and kitchen with three great size bedrooms and recently renovated bathroom. Great purchase for a first time buyer or family to purchase this lovely home.
"An early viewing is recommended to appreciate this attractive, three-bedroomed, traditional semi-detached home having been subject to a comprehensive scheme of modernisation/improvement and offering well-presented accommodation ideal for the growing family. The property benefits from gas fired c..."
"An ideally located three bedroom semi detached property overlooking public greenspace and occupying an excellent end of cul-de-sac location. The accommodation on offer briefly comprises; Entrance Hallway, ground floor WC, double aspect lounge with feature fireplace, and a generous dining kitc..."
"Are you searching for a substantial, versatile three / four bedroom detached family house? This is a rare opportunity to purchase this substantial family home within Allenton"
A well presented traditional bay fronted semi detached home occupying a popular location conveniently situated for Spondon Village and is available for sale with no upward chain. The property would be ideal the first time buyer or growing family and viewing is recommended. The well presented ...
"A bay fronted end terraced house offering two bedrooms, two reception rooms, first floor bathroom, front forecourt and rear garden, being sold with no upward chain. The property benefits from gas central heating (not tested) and double glazing. To the ground floor there is a hallway, lounge wi..."
PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY - A stunning collection of one and two bedroom luxury apartments forming part of the unique Nightingale Quarter development by Wavensmere Homes.
A well-presented two bedroom semi-detached home in a sought after location within a walking distance of Littleover Community School with off-road parking and landscaped private garden. The property benefits from UPVC double glazing and has accommodation briefly comprising to the ground floor:- En...
Hall & Benson are delighted to bring to market this wonderfully presented three bedroom semi detached home situated on this highly sought after residential area. The property has been extremely well maintained by the current owner and an internal inspection is highly advised.
"A well-presented, semi-detached bungalow located in a cul de sac in the sought after area of Mickleover. The property benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, two bedrooms, shower room, conservatory, off road parking including a detached garage and is offered to the market with no..."
OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK - HOPKINS & DAINTY of TICKNALL are delighted to bring to the market this spacious two bedroom semi-detached bungalow with NO UPWARD CHAIN. With a re-fitted kitchen/diner and low maintenance rear garden with a feature cabin. The accommodation benefits from gas central heat...
"A superbly positioned modern larger than average semi detached home situated in this sought after locality close to Mickleover Village with its array of shops, restaurants and amenities. This delightful comprehensively upgraded house requires a full inspection to appreciate the location, size of..."
"Just released . .Plot 266, As you enter this fabulous new home, you'll find a contemporary fitted kitchen with a dining area. There's also a spacious lounge with French doors leading to the garden and a downstairs W.CUpstairs there's a principal bedroom with en-suite, a further dou..."
"HOME OF THE WEEKJust released . Reserve now for free flooring throughout . .Plot 265, As you enter this fabulous new home, you'll find a contemporary fitted kitchen with a dining area. There's also a spacious lounge with French doors leading to the garden and a downstairs W.CUpstairs th..."
"AN ATTRACTIVE, TRADITIONAL BAY-WINDOWED, THREE-BEDROOMED SEMI-DETACHED residence, which has been extended, and offers scope for further improvement to individual taste. Available with IMMEDIATE VACANT POSSESSION, the accommodation has the benefit of gas central heating and UPVC double glazing, an..."
"PERFECT FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTORS! Hall & Benson are delighted to bring to market this very well presented, two bedroom mid-terraced property located on the sought after Highfields estate in Littleover. Arrange your viewing with us before it goes!"
"An immaculate Modern Three Bedroom Townhouse, with spacious open plan lounge/diner, modern kitchen, downstairs cloakroom, three bedrooms the master having a dressing room and En-suite, private landscaped rear garden, and garage and parking."
"Sumptuously appointed, stylish two-bedroom apartment enjoying a favoured location within the city centre of Derby, close to enviable facilities."
"Refurbished and spacious bay fronted terraced house offering three double bedrooms, new kitchen diner, new bathroom, hallway, two reception rooms and enclosed garden being sold with no upward chain. This ideal family home or buy to let investment benefits from new electrics, new plumbing, new bo..."
"An extended, well appointed and presented traditional semi detached home having been extended to the rear elevation. The property is available with no upward chain and viewing is recommended. The property benefits from UPVC double glazing and briefly comprises:- entrance porch, inner hallwa..."
NO CHAIN - CASH BUYERS ONLY - A spacious and well-presented detached bungalow in a popular location in Littleover offered for sale with no onward chain.
"A modern and well presented THREE BED TOWNHOUSE having driveway parking for two cars, kitchen, spacious lounge/diner. downstairs guest WC, three DOUBLE bedrooms with the master having the use of an en-suite, enclosed rear garden, Gas central heating. To the rear is a low maintenance garden with ..."
"Offered to the market with no upward chain is this mid-terrace 2/3 bedroom home, located a short distance from the centre of Mickleover. The property requires some modernisation with a wealth of potential and benefits from uPVC double glazing throughout, gas central heating, off road parking and ..."
"*** NO UPWARD CHAIN *** An attractive, traditional bay-fronted family home standing on a good sized plot and offering the potential to extend (subject to planning permission). The property benefits from gas central heating, uPVC double glazing, bay-fronted lounge, open plan kitchen/diner, three b..."
"Looking for a family home? This is a great home that you do not want to miss! A three bedroom semi detached house situated in Chester Green popular for schools, access into Derby City Centre, Chester Green Park and Derwent Park"
"This modern three storey town house is located in the sought after City Point area of Derby close to Pride Park. The property is well presented throughout and features lounge, three bedrooms, family bathroom and en-suite shower room. There are excellent road links and access to Derby City Centre."
Semi Detached * Three Bedrooms * Fitted Kitchen * UPVC Double Glazing * Gas Central Heating * Rear Garden * Driveway * NO UPWARD CHAIN
"This new property to the market offers a lot! Downstairs you have a good size kitchen which has a semi separate utility room, and leads straight into your conservatory. A large separate lounge to the right. To the left of the downstairs was previously set up as a downstairs bedroom with an en su..."
"This deceptively spacious, two-bedroomed, modern townhouse is tucked away in a pleasant cul-de-sac on the popular ""Bonnie Prince"" estate in Chellaston. Being well-presented throughout, the property benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, off road parking and an enclosed rear garde..."
An opportunity to acquire a two bedroom semi-detached bunglalow with garage and large driveway.
"LARGE TERRACED PROPERTY IN POPULAR LOCATION. Extended, mid terrace home with three double bedrooms, loft room and two reception rooms."
"Hall & Benson are delighted to bring to market this wonderfully presented, three bedroom mid-terraced home situated in Alvaston. The property has been extremely well maintained by the current owner and an internal inspection is highly advised."
"YOPA are delighted to welcome to the market this spacious two bedroom detached bungalow. Benefitting from easy access to amenities and transport, as well as offering ample off street parking. This well presented home is not to be missed and would make a great family home or retirement property."
"Sold with vacant posession and no upward chain is this detached 2 bedroom bungalow located in a sought after location, on a good sized plot with a driveway providing parking for multiple vehicles, garage and a mainly laid to lawn rear garden."
"A rarely available, semi-detached bungalow, located in the most popular and sought after suburb of Chellaston within a short walk of the village amenities. The property benefits from uPVC double glazing, off-road parking, a garage and a good-sized rear garden. The accommodation in brief compr..."
"*** PREMIER PROPERTY *** Recently refurbished spacious home offering a most generous lounge/diner, beautiful refitted dining kitchen, spacious loft room and offered for sale with no onward chain. Benefiting from uPVC double glazing and gas central heating, the accommodation in brief comprises:..."
A spacious mid terrace property in a popular location close to Derby City Centre ideally suited to a growing family or investor looking for HMO potential.
An impressive thoughtfully upgraded semi detached family home occupying a large west facing mature plot and situated in this highly popular location. This delightful house offers immense potential to extend (subject to local authority planning consents) and requires a full inspection to apprecia...
"Offered for sale with no upward chain and occupying a cul-de-sac position in the sought-after suburb of Littleover, this two bedroomed bungalow has the benefit of uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, ample off-road parking and a good sized rear garden. The accommodation in brief comprises..."
"This well-presented, two-bedroom townhouse boasts a modern and stylish interior throughout and is located close to The Royal Derby Hospital. Ideal for any first time buyer, investor or family, the property benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating and off road parking. In brief t..."
"LITTLEOVER SCHOOL CATCHMENT AREA – Most spacious and beautifully presented two double bedroom period terraced home of style and character, occupying this highly convenient location just a short stroll away from local amenities in Littleover Village centre and offering easy access to the Royal Der..."
"**OPEN DAY**
Please log in or call Purplebricks to book a slot. Purplebricks is excited to bring to market this beautifully presented, newly renovated to a very high standard, three bedroom, semi-detached family home. The home has full central heating and double glazed windows. In brief the prop..."
"GREAT LOCATION - This traditional detached bungalow stands in a sought-after location, handy for local amenities situated on the attractive tree lined Morley Road and with easy access to nearby open countryside."
"This very well presented and superbly spacious semi-detached property is located in the sought after area of Alvaston and will make an ideal family home. Located within walking distance of Alvaston centre and good schools, the property benefits from uPVC double glazing, driveway parking, a substa..."
" Modernised and extended two bedroom detached bungalow situated in a cul-de-sac location within a level walk of a wealth of local amenities and bus routes. The property is UPVC double glazed, has a gas central heating system fueled by a combination boiler and a superb kitchen diner with granite ..."
An exciting opportunity to reserve a stunning two bedroom apartment forming part of the sought after Nightingale Quarter development in the centre of Derby. The apartments should appeal to professional couples and first time buyers looking for city living at its finest. Call Ashley Adams for details
"A three bedroom semi-detached family home situated within a popular residential location, tastefully decorated throughout offering generous space for family living with a recently upgraded kitchen and lounge diner providing great entertainment space. The property benefits from gas centr..."
"Hall & Benson are delighted to bring to market this wonderfully presented, two bedroom end terraced home situated on this highly sought after residential area. The property has been extremely well maintained by the current owner and an internal inspection is highly advised."
"Semi-detached home . .Plot 229, the Cornflower -  A beautifully designed home with open lounge, French door access to the garden and modern kitchen/dining room. 3 good sized bedrooms and a family bathroom allow for flexible living. Driveway parking spaces included."
CALLING ALL FIRST TIME BUYERS! A well maintained well proportioned three bedroom semi-detached property in the ever popular location of Chaddesden.
A spacious and well proportioned home offering ideal accommodation for the first time buyer or growing family and an early viewing is recommend. The property occupies an established corner plot position with ample off road parking and mature gardens. The property is supplemented by gas fired...
A fantastic opportunity to acquire to acquire this three double bedroom bay fronted terrace located in an ever popular location of Derby.
Three bedroom semi-detached residence - Ideal for the first time buyer / a small family / or an investor
VIEWINGS AVAILABLE SEVEN DAYS A WEEK AND BEYOND THE NORMAL 9-5 WORKING HOURS WITH YOUR LOCAL EXP REPRESENTATIVE Ready to move straight in! A fantastic two large double bedroom home offers refurbished and well presented accommodation throughout. The accommodation breifly compr...
"A three bedroom semi detached brand new 75% shared ownership property in a popular Kedleston Grange development in Allestree. The property briefly comprises of an entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen/diner, cloakroom, three bedrooms an upstairs bathroom, driveway and a rear garden."
"AUCTION SALE 6TH FEBRUARY 2023 - FOR SALE VIA BAGSHAWS RESIDENTIAL AUCTIONS IN ASSOCIATION WITH BARNARD MARCUS AUCTIONS ON MONDAY 6TH FEBRUARY AT 9.30AM AT THE DE VERE GRAND CONNAUGHT ROOMS, 61-65 GREAT QUEEN STREET, COVENT GARDENS, LONDON WC2B 5DA. YOU CAN ALSO REGISTER FOR ONLINE BIDDING."
A brilliant opportunity to purchase this three bedroom family home having been maintained by the current family to an exceptional standard and is now ready for a new family to move in
"NO UPWARD CHAIN - OFF ROAD PARKING AND GARAGE TO THE REAR - This three storey, deceptively spacious and recently redecorated house offers the perfect home for the first time buyer or growing family and viewing is recommended. In brief, the gas fired central heated and double glazed accommoda..."
"Occupying an excellent plot and brimming with potential is this well positioned, three-bedroomed, semi-detached property which has the benefit of a detached garage and private rear garden. The accommodation on offer briefly comprises: Entrance hallway; lounge; dining room; kitchen. To the fi..."
A beautifully presented two double bedroom semi-detached property with private rear garden and parking to the side for two cars in the exclusive Chevin Homes Development in Littleover.
"* 6 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID & £4K TOWARDS EXTRAS * Stylish TWO BEDROOM apartment, open plan 21ft LIVING/DINING/KITCHEN, contemporary bathroom, allocated parking."
"** BEST AND FINAL OFFERS TO BE SUBMITTED IN WRITING BY 10.00am, FRIDAY 31st MARCH ** NO CHAIN - A most spacious and comprehensively upgraded, period three storey home offering FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS and offering an extensive mature south facing rear garden. This property offers substantial."
"A spacious two/three bedroom semi detached bungalow in a popular location with easy access to local shops, the A52 and Derby City Centre. The property briefly comprises of an entrance hallway, lounge, sitting room, two double bedrooms, bathroom, kitchen, conservatory and gardens to the front & rear"
"**BEING SOLD TENANTED ACHIEVING £900 PCM MAKING IT A 5.4% YIELD*** Leaders Estate Agents bring to the market this three double bedroom, traditional mid terrace property located in the highly popular historic residential area of Chester Green and is ideal for any first time buyer ..."
"A three-bedroomed, semi-detached home which occupies a popular location off Locko Road and is available with no upward chain. The property would ideally suit the first time buyer or growing family and requires a degree of modernisation/improvement. The accommodation benefits from gas fired ce..."
"WELL PRESENTED THREE BEDROOMED SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE WITH GREAT SIZED ROOMS, DRIVEWAY PARKING AND CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES! With a large lounge, kitchen diner and a WC on the ground floor, three bedrooms and a family bathroom on the first floor and a good sized garden, this house makes a fantastic ..."
"*** DOUBLE GARAGE *** A fantastic opportunity to acquire the exquisite two double bedroom semi-detached cottage. Finished and maintained to an excellent standard, this home offers all the charm and character you would expect of a cottage situated in the heart of Spondon Village."
"MUST VIEW! We are delighted to market this well presented, unique property in a sought after location in Derby. The Semi-detached property benefits from being located on a quiet cul-de-sac with a front and rear garden, as well as a separate garage."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire a three bedroom semi-detached property with driveway and good size rear garden in the ever popular location of Alvaston.
MyNewStreet present this charming Two Bedroom Detached Bungalow for a quick sale. 
"This traditional double fronted terraced property has recently been refurbished throughout and is finished to an extremely high standard. The property boasts generous lounge, stylish fitted kitchen, three bedrooms and bathroom. The property is within easy reach of Derby City Centre"
"Offered for sale with no upward chain and in need of some internal renovation, this spacious detached bungalow could not be better located in the sought after area of Darley Abbey. Benefiting from uPVC double glazing and gas central heating, the accommodation in brief comprises: Entrance hall;..."
"GUIDE PRICE £200,000 - FOR SALE VIA BAGSHAWS RESIDENTIAL AUCTIONS IN ASSOCIATION WITH BARNARD MARCUS AUCTIONS AVAILABLE POST AUCTION. CONTACT: Bagshaws Residential Derby, 32 – 34 Cornmarket, Derby, DE1 2DG )"
"* IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS * This superbly presented, three-bedroom, semi-detached property is located in a popular area of Alvaston and boasts a fantastic open plan kitchen/diner, substantial garden, driveway parking and is within walking distance of shops, good schools and the amenities of A..."
Ideal for a Professional Couple or Small Family - Modern three bedroom semi-detached property in a convenient position within easy reach of local amenities
Ideal for first time buyers or a growing family this three bedroom home comprises good size kitchen diner and spacious lounge which benenfits from French doors opening onto the garden. To the first floor there is a large master bedroom and a further two good size bedrooms. A family bathroom compl...
"High spec Investment property, Fully let and Income producing Gross £21,600 pa, Guaranteed ROI, High Spec, HMO Property, 4 Bed rooms"
IDEAL FOR PROFESSIONAL PERSON - A charming home situated within the heart of the highly sought after location of Darley Abbey Village and close to Darley Park - NO CHAIN INVOLVED. The cottage is within a short walk to the vibrant Derwent Valley Mills including a fine dining restaurant an...
Apartment 2 - A luxury one double bedroom ground floor apartment - Nutwood Court is a prestigious collection of just seven luxury apartments located in one of Derby’s most sought-after locations. Developed by Elmhurst Homes to an exacting specification each apartment benefits from wet underfloor ...
TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION. For sale with no upward chain and requiring modernisation
"A perfect example of modern living close to a city centre. This property boasts two double bedrooms, kitchen, lounge/diner, family bathroom, ensuite shower room and a downstairs cloakroom W/C. The property is beautifully presented throughout, offering all modern amenities. The property also comes..."
Apartment 5 - A luxury spacious one double bedroom with separate bathroom first floor apartment boasting a private Juliette balcony - Nutwood Court is a prestigious collection of just seven luxury apartments located in one of Derby’s most sought-after locations. Developed by Elmhurst Homes to an ...
"A fabulous two bedroom end of terrace property with a very nice level rear garden and off road parking for two vehicles on a block paved driveway in front of the property. The location is excellent, situated in open surroundings opposite a recently planted orchard and within a stones throw of the..."
"NO CHAIN - A fantastic opportunity to acquire this larger than average three double bedroom terrace property with an abundance of parking, two detached garages, workshop and space to the side and rear."
"This attractive, well appointed and presented semi detached home is situated at the head of an established cul-de-sac location and would be perfect for the first time buyer and an early viewing is recommended. The property benefits from gas fired central heating with hot water cylinder (boiler..."
"* 6 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID & £4K TOWARDS UPGRADES * Stylish TWO BEDROOM second floor apartment, open plan 21ft LIVING/DINING/KITCHEN, contemporary bathroom, allocated parking."
"SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY IN POPULAR LOCATION. Well presented, three bedroom family home with driveway and large rear garden."
"Modern semi detached home ideal for first time buyers, families or buy to let investors, as could achieve approx.£825 PCM. The property benefits from uPVC double glazing throughout, gas central heating via a combination boiler, two double bedrooms, tandem parking, a good sized rear garden a..."
A spacious and superbly presented three bedroom mid terrace in Chester Green offered for sale with no onward chain.
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a property with huge potential. A substantially extended semi-detached house in Alvaston, with the former shop now being changed into a residential home. Offering three bedrooms, two reception rooms, kitchen, fitted bathroom, off street parking and enclosed gar..."
"Purplebricks is excited to bring to market this three bedroom, semi-detached family home. The home has full central heating and double glazed windows. In brief the property comprises of Lounge/dining room and fitted kitchen to the ground floor. To the first floor three good sized bedrooms and fit..."
NO CHAIN - A traditional semi-detached property benefiting from a rear extension and large rear garden offered for sale with no onward chain.
"Ideal for first time buyers or investors is this well presented, two bedroomed semi-detached property, benefitting from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, ample off-road parking, an enclosed rear garden and 4-years premier guarantee warranty remaining. The accommodation in brief compris..."
This beautifully presented two bedroom semi detached property is in a cul-de-sac location. The property is ready to move straight into and has off road parking for three cars. The property is on a corner plot with the added benefit of being south facing which gives both the house and garden sunsh...
Sold with vacant possession and no upward chain is this three bedroom detached home in this highly sough after residential area. An internal inspection is highly advised.
"A recently refurbished, thoughtfully extended and well presented three bedroomed family home, occupying an excellent corner plot and offered to the market with no onward chain. The property has the benefit of high energy rated uPVC double glazing (November 2022), gas central heating (new boiler ..."
"This semi detached home is located in the sought after area of Allenton and is well presented throughout. The property would make a great home for the family and features two reception rooms, three bedrooms and front and rear gardens. Rolls Royce is close by and there are excellent road links."
"This two bedroomed semi-detached bungalow is situated in the popular and sought after area of Chellaston and occupies a pleasant cul-de-sac location. The property benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, off road parking, a detached garage and lawned gardens. The accommodation..."
"All Agreed are pleased to bring to the market this two bedroom detached bungalow enjoying a corner plot position in Sinfin, Derby. The property has been re-decorated, re-carpeted and had new kitchen units fitted. Outside there is a driveway proving off street parking and front, side and rear (cont.)"
A fantastic opportunity to acquire this three bedroom end terrace with loft room in an ever popular area of Derby.
We are delighted to offer you the chance to purchase this three bedroom terraced property in the popular area of Chaddesden. The property does require some cosmetic upgrades however it does have a gas central heating system and double glazing. Offered for sale with no upward chain
GENEROUS MATURE REAR GARDEN - Offered for sale with no upward chain is this spacious three bedroom bungalow situated in this ever popular location off Chaddesden Park Road close to a range of local shops and amenities. The property does require some of modernisation but offers exciting potential ...
"Falling within the Littleover Community School Catchment Area is this fantastic bay-fronted property. Located in the very popular Littleover Village the property is ideal for any first time buyers, families or would make an excellent investment. The property benefits from gas central heating via..."
"A well presented ideally located two double bedroomed semi detached home occupying a popular location. The property benefits from a driveway, garage and private rear garden and would be ideal for the first time buyer. The accommodation briefly comprises; Entrance hallway, lounge and fitted br..."
"A spacious and immaculately presented corner plot property briefly comprising; lounge, kitchen diner to the ground floor and two bedrooms and family bathroom to the first floor. The property also boasts gardens to the front and rear. An early internal viewing is highly recommended,"
"This modern first floor apartment is located in the highly sought after location of Belper Road and is being offered for sale with no onward chain. The property features generous lounge, two bedrooms, bathroom and en-suite shower room. Outside there is allocated secure gated parking."
"Located at the end of a cul-de-sac within the sought-after area of Chellaston is this detached bungalow, which benefits from gas central heating, double glazing, off road parking, a garage and lawned gardens. The accommodation in brief comprises: Entrance hall; spacious lounge/diner; fitted ki..."
"Being sold with no upward chain is this deceptively spacious three bedroom semi-detached property situated within the popular location of Chaddesden. Personal inspection is highly recommended to appreciate the spacious living accommodation on offer inside and out, with well proportioned rooms and..."
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - TENANTED SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW GROSSING £7500.00 PER ANNUM. VACANT POSSESSION AVAILABLE IF NEEDED FROM 25TH AUGUST. A superbly positioned gas centrally heated and Upvc double glazed semi detached bungalow occupying a cul de sac position close to shops and local amenities...
An excellent opportunity to purchase a generous three bedroom mid terrace property in a sought after location off Broadway - NO CHAIN
A well-presented three bedroom traditional end terrace property in a popular location offered for sale with no onward chain.
Take a look at Stunning Strutt House! 
"**LUXURIOUS APARTMENT** FIRST FLOOR** CENTRAL LOCATION** SECURE GATED COMPLEX** Located within the prestigious and mature residential setting of Duffield Road and the renowned Darley Park it is within walking distance of the City Centre, university, schools, and supermarkets. Externally, Fiv..."
"Full description This well-presented 2 bedroom semi-detached house is an ideal first home or buy-to-let property. In brief the accommodation comprises of a hallway with stairs rising to first-floor landing and door to downstairs accommodation. Lounge (13'9"" x 12'6""..."
"This three bedroomed semi-detached family home with upvc double glazing, gas central heating via a combination boiler and off-road parking can be offered for sale with no upward chain. In brief, the accommodation comprises: Entrance porch; bay-fronted lounge; fitted kitchen/diner; ground floo..."
"An early viewing is absolutely essential to appreciate this particularly well presented and recently modernised semi detached home, excellent for the first time buyer and occupying an established residential location. Available with NO UPWARD CHAIN and situated within the PARK VIEW SCHOOL CATCHME..."
"This two bedroomed linked, semi detached home is ideal for first time buyers or buy-to-let investors. Located in a pleasant cul-de-sac in this sought-after area. The property is offered with no upward chain and benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating via combination boiler, an enc..."
"GUIDE PRICE £189.950 - 195,000 A three bedroom semi detached house which has been extended to the rear. With a good size rear garden and off the road parking to the front, the accommodation benefits from gas central heating and double glazing but does require some cosmetic improvement. Hall, lo..."
This is a traditional bay fronted semi detached home situated in this established residential area on the outskirts of Derby. The property is being sold with the benefit of NO UPWARD CHAIN and provides the opportunity for a new owner to stamp their own mark on their next home. Being entered thr...
Situated in the heart of Derby this is a excellent opportunity to acquire a high yielding four bedroom residential investment opportunity which boasts an impressive return to a potential investor. Garden to rear and on road parking.
"Generous corner plot! This end of terraced house briefly comprises: Entrance Hallway, Living Room, Dining Room, Kitchen, landing, Three Bedrooms with air conditioning, Family Bathroom with separate WC. To the outside is a large front garden, enclosed read garden, detached ..."
"This beautifully presented mid terrace cottage is located within the heart of Spondon Village and is beautifully presented throughout. The property is within easy reach of the wide range of shops and amenities on offer and features two reception rooms, two bedrooms and low maintenance garden."
"***IDEAL 3-BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME*** This perfect 3-bedroom semi-detached home is located within the highly area Normanton, Derby. Situated in a great location in close proximity to a range of amenities, including nearby schools, supermarkets, leisure facilities, pubs and restaurants. The ..."
"* IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS & NO UPWARD CHAIN * Well presented, three bedroom, semi-detached home, located in a popular area of Alvaston and benefitting from a modern kitchen, bay fronted reception room, a good sized garden and driveway parking. Call now to book your viewing! The property ..."
Substantial Building Plot with Planning Consent Granted for Three Residential Dwellings - Planning Reference: 22/00010/FUL
SHOW HOME LAUNCH 18TH MARCH A stunning collection of one and two bedroom luxury apartments forming part of the unique Nightingale Quarter development by Wavensmere Homes.
"A three-bedroomed, modern, end townhouse occupying a cul-de-sac location overlooking an open green to the front. Ideal for the first time buyer and benefits from gas central heating, double glazing, driveway for two vehicles and gardens to front and rear. In brief the accommodation comprises:..."
"A modern and well presented semi detached home available with no upward chain and would be ideal for the first time buyer or growing family. Occupying a popular location close to Chaddesden and early viewing is recommended. The property benefits from gas fired central heating, UPVC double gla..."
"A traditional bay fronted three bedroomed semi-detached home occupying a popular location, ideal for the first time buyer or growing family and having the benefits of off road parking and an enclosed rear garden. The accommodation is supplemented by gas fired central heating (via an Ideal comb..."
"A delightful property of deceptive appearance enjoying a pleasant residential positon certain to appeal to first time buyers, downsizers and buy to let investors."
"Situated in the popular residential location of Mackworth is this three-bedroom, semi-detached property offered to the market with no upward chain. The property requires a degree of modernisation, offering great scope for improvement and benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating via ..."
Well presented modern two bedroom semi-detached enjoying a cul-de-sac position
"This modern semi-detached home is offered to the market with no upward chain. The property is offered on a SHARED OWNERSHIP basis. On a 50% purchase at £92,500, the monthly rental would be £211.98, plus a monthly service charges of £12.79. The property provides accommodation arr..."
Fantastic Investment Opportunity!
"An early viewing is absolutely essential to appreciate this attractive, particularly well maintained and presented home built circa 1920s, which offers deceptively spacious living accommodation. The property benefits from gas fired central heating (via a Baxi combination central heating boiler),..."
Set within the popular location of Mickleover is this semi-detached bungalow. The bungalow is within close proximity to local shops and amenities.
A very well presented three bedroom semi-detached family home enjoying a large rear garden certain to appeal to families.
"Offered for sale is this four bedroom terrace home located conveniently for local amenities, schools and transport links. The accommodation comprises in full; an entrance hall, lounge, sitting room, kitchen, ground cloakroom/WC, four bedrooms and a family bathroom. The property also has a large g..."
"YOPA are pleased to welcome to the market this spacious three bedroom end of terrace in the sought after location of Mickleover. Benefitting from three generously sized bedrooms, an enviable corner plot, and easy access to amenities, with a bit of TLC this would be a great family home!"
"OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN! A two bedroomed semi-detached bungalow benefitting from a generous plot, off road parking and the potential to create a lovely home. The accommodation in brief comprises: Entrance porch; hallway; lounge/diner; kitchen/breakfast room; two bedrooms; showe..."
"A well presented corner plot end of terrace house, positioned on a quiet cul-de-sac. Offering three spacious bedrooms, two reception rooms, fitted kitchen, fitted shower room and large garden. The property benefits from gas central heating, double glazed windows and is being sold with no onw..."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire this three bedroom property with larger than average rear garden situated in the ever popular location of Alvaston.
"Two bedroom mid terraced property, situated in the sought after village of Mickleover. The property is offered to the market with no upward chain and benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating via a combination boiler, off road parking and a single garage. The property in brief co..."
"A well presented two bedroom Semi Detached Bungalow situated in a quiet cul-de-sac and located in the popular area of Littleover. This property benefits from a full refurbishment having a modern kitchen, contemporary shower room, UPVC double glazing, new Worcester boiler, low maintenance rear gar..."
"This well presented mid town house is located in this popular area and would make a great first home. The property features kitchen/diner, three bedrooms and enclosed rear garden. There are shops, schools and amenities close by and excellent road links."
"This traditional palisaded mid terrace property is being offered for sale with no onward chain and would make an ideal investment. The property would benefit from upgrading and features two reception rooms, three bedrooms and an enclosed rear garden. There are a shop and amenities close by."
"A traditional, two double-bedroomed, semi-detached home occupying a popular location and available for sale with no upward chain. The property benefits from UPVC double glazing, gas central heating (via a combination central heating boiler fitted in 2021), off road parking and a south facing rea..."
"TWO BED TERRACED PROPERTY IN THE SOUGHT AFTER AREA OF LITTLEOVER WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL AMENITIES AND CLOSE TO THE ROYAL DERBY HOSPITAL! With two reception rooms, a kitchen and a downstairs WC on the ground floor and two large bedrooms and a fantastic four piece bathroom upstairs, this ..."
"A spacious three bedroomed semi-detached property located in the ever popular area of Mackworth. the property comprises: lounge/dining room with access out to the rear garden through sliding patio doors, kitchen, separate WC, two double bedrooms and a generous sized single and family bathroom, fu..."
A recently constructed ground floor apartment forming part the sought after Nightingale Quarter development in Derby City offered for sale with no onward chain.
"YOPA are pleased to welcome to the market this spacious three bedroom terraced home in the heart of Rose Hill in Derby. Offering two generously sized reception rooms, a private rear yard and living accommodation for the whole family. This would make a great family home!"
NO CHAIN - A fantastic opportunity to acquire this two bedroom semi-detached property with rear parking in the ever popular location of Oakwood.
"Superbly well presented and with no upward chain, this two bedroom semi-detached property is ideal for first time buyers and in a pleasant cul-de-sac in a popular area of Alvaston. The property offers ample living space, a modern fitted kitchen/diner, a conservatory, well maintained garden and a ..."
Room For All The Family! We have the pleasure of marketing this three bedroom plus loft space bay fronted family home situated on the popular Clarence Road
"Offered to the market with NO UPWARD CHAIN, Leaders are delighted to present this spacious, three bedroom Semi Detached property located in the popular town of Alvaston, Derby. Upon entering the property, the hallway provides access to all downstairs accommodation, To the front elevation is the l..."
NO CHAIN - A beautifully presented two/three bedroom traditional terrace property in an idyllic location overlooking Chester Green.
"Being Sold by YOPA Online Auction. Starting Bids from £180,000. Buy it now option available Please call or visit YOPA Online Auctions for more information"
"A SPACIOUS home in Spondon, available CHAIN FREE with TENANTS in situ, welcoming INVESTORS only. Call to enquire! Bettermove are delighted to welcome to the market this charming two bedroom end terrace house in Spondon, available with no forward chain. The property is t..."
"Two bedroom semi detached property, ground floor extended to rear, GCH. Part double glazed. Off road parking and car port. Garden to rear. Updating and modernising required. Vacant possession and no upward chain."
"A spacious family home located in the popular residential location of Mackworth and offered to the market with no upward chain. Requiring some modernisation, the property benefits from uPVC double glazing, two reception rooms, a generous rear garden, off road parking and offers potential to exten..."
"A well-presented and excellently located, two-bedroom, semi-detached home occupying a great plot on one of Oakwood's sought after cul-de-sac streets, and available immediately with no onward chain. The accommodation on offer briefly comprises; Lounge and breakfast kitchen to the ground floor..."
"This top floor apartment is being offered for sale with no onward chain and would make a great first time buyer or investment purchase. The property is within easy access of Derby City Centre and the wide range of shops, amenities and leisure facilities on offer."
"This semi detached home is located in this popular area and would make a great family home. The property features three bedrooms, UPVC conservatory, lovely rear garden and driveway for off road parking. Rolls Royce is close by and Derby City Centre is easily reached."
"Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac is this very well cared for semi detached bungalow benefitting from double length driveway, lovely gardens and conservatory. In brief, the property comprises of entrance hallway leading to the living room, modern three piece bathroom with shower over bath a..."
"For Sale By Public Auction 30 March 2023 A Parcel of Freehold land, extending to approximately 11 Acres (4.45 Hectares) or thereabouts, which may have potential for various uses subject to obtaining any necessary planning permission and any other necessary consents."
If you are looking for a great house to purchase in a quiet cul de sac within Oakwood then this is a house you must come and see having been decorated and maintained by the current owner to high standard
NO CHAIN NEW KITCHEN & BATHROOM- A traditional two bedroom end terrace bungalow occupying a private corner plot with detached garage in the ever popular location of Chellaston.
"A spacious semi-detached house, located within the popular village of Chellaston within a short distance to shops and main access roads. Offering two double bedrooms, open plan kitchen diner, lounge, ample parking and enclosed garden. The property benefits from gas central heating, double gl..."
NO CHAIN - A fantastic opportunity to acquire this three double bedroom semi-detached property with original features and rear parking in the ever popular location of Alvaston.
"A newly renovated semi-detached bungalow, located within the popular village of Chellaston. Offering two double bedrooms, lounge diner, modern kitchen, modern bathroom, parking, garage and enclosed garden. The property benefits from re-plastered walls, new flooring, double glazing and new ga..."
A spacious three bedroom end terrace property situated on a generous corner plot located close to Derby City and the Kedleston Road area.
"A traditional, two bedroomed semi-detached home occupying a corner plot position with scope to extend the current accommodation, subject to necessary planning permission or potential to create off road parking/garage again subject to necessary consent. Viewing recommended. The property is avai..."
"This two-bedroomed, semi-detached bungalow is available with no upward chain and occupies a popular cul-de-sac location. The property benefits from gas central heating, double glazing, off road parking and an enclosed rear garden. The accommodation briefly comprises:- reception hallway, loun..."
"An impressive high specification south westerly facing second floor luxury apartment offering stylish light and spacious living, situated in this private gated residence within easy walking distance of Derby's historic Friar Gate and Cathedral Quarter with its array of bars and restaurants. ..."
"A three bedroom semi detached house which has been renovated and offers spacious accommodation. Selling with no upward chain the accommodation benefits from gas central heating and double glazing and in brief comprises of a hall, living room, dining room, re-fitted kitchen and ground floor showe..."
"This traditional two bed mid-terrace is ideally suited to investors or first time buyers. The property does require some modernisation, however does retain some of it's characterful, traditional features. Call to arrange your viewing!"
"This deceptively spacious, mid-terrace property is set back from Wiltshire Road and offers spacious accommodation having the benefit of a ground floor extension and attic conversion with bedroom and en-suite bathroom. The property benefits from gas fired central heating, UPVC double glazing a..."
"360 VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE - Located just off Kedleston Road, close to local amenities as well as the university and the city centre. Great purchase for first time buyer or investor, well presented throughout with TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, kitchen, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS and a first floor bathroom. "
"** MORE PHOTOS PENDING** This stunning home is well presented and finished to a high standard throughout. On the ground floor, the open-plan kitchen/diner is perfect for modern lifestyles and has plenty of storage from the base and wall-mounted units. The living room has plenty of natural..."
"Overlooking an open green and situated on a cul-de-sac location in a sought-after area of Chellaston, is this well presented and spacious two bedroomed mid-terraced home, which has the benefit of gas central heating, uPVC double glazing and a garage within the nearby block. The accommodation ..."
"DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS BUNGALOW IN CONVENIENT LOCATION. Well presented two bedroom detached bungalow, with kitchen/diner, two double bedrooms. For sale with no upward chain."
"*** NO ONWARD CHAIN *** A well presented and recently improved terraced home, boasting three double bedrooms, generous ground floor living space and a lawned rear garden. The accommodation on offer comprises: Entrance hallway; lounge; dining kitchen - all to the ground floor. To the first fl..."
A three bedroom semi-detached property ideally suited to a first time buyer or buy to let investor in a popular location in Littleover.
"This semi detached home is located in this sought after area and would make a great first home. The property is close to a wide range of local shops and amenities and features two reception rooms, three bedrooms, front and rear gardens and off road parking."
NO CHAIN - A fantastic opportunity to acquire this three bedroom property in an ever popular location.
"*** NO CHAIN *** This two-bedroomed property occupies a generous corner plot in a popular residential location. Requiring some modernisation and upgrading, the property offers great potential to extend (subject to planning permission) and benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, ki..."
"OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK - HOPKINS & DAINTY of TICKNALL bring to the market this traditional semi-detached home, in a popular residential location. Convenient for access to the nearby A38 and Markeaton Park, along with the Royal Derby hospital and roads into the city centre. The property is currently ..."
"If you are seeking a straightforward refurbishment project on the outskirts of Derby, this property should be at the top of your list. Featuring three good-sized bedrooms, one bathroom, one generous reception room, along with a conservatory and a lovely garden, this terraced home has a great dea..."
"This traditional character property is located close to Derby City Centre and would make a great investment opportunity. The property features two reception rooms, two double bedrooms and front and rear gardens. There are excellent road links and Derby University is close by."
TWO BED MID TERRACE PROPERTY IN POPULAR LOCATION. Ideal first time buy property with two beds and parking.
"A spacious and well presented property briefly comprising; lounge, kitchen, dining room, conservatory to the ground floor and three bedrooms and family bathroom to the first floor. The property also boasts gardens to the front and rear. An early internal viewing is highly recommended,"
NO CHAIN - A fantastic opportunity to acquire this extended three bedroom semi-detached property with driveway in the ever popular location of Alvaston.
"An ideal property for a first time buyer, family or alternatively as a fantastic investment, this property occupies a corner plot in a popular residential location. In need of some modernisation, the property benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, a kitchen/diner, three bedrooms..."
"AN EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE THIS IMMACULATE TWO BEDROOMED HOME WHICH IS PERFECTLY SUITED TO FIRST TIME BUYERS OR BUY TO LET INVESTORS. OFFERING EXCELLENT ACCESS TO AMENITIES, SCHOOLS AND MAIN COMMUTER ROUTES A38/A52/A6 & M1. THIS HOME BENEFITS FROM A DOUBLE DRIVEWAY AND GENEROUS REAR GARDEN"
This traditional three bedroomed terraced home is ideally located in the sought after area of Chester Green opposite picturesque playing fields. Offered for sale with no upward chain and having easy access to the City Centre - a viewing is highly recommended. Benefitting from uPVC double glazi...
A spacious three bedroomed semi detached home occupying a popular cul-de-sac location close to both Cherry Tree School and Chaddesden Park. The property is available with no upward chain and would ideally suit the first time buyer or growing family. The property would benefit from some mode...
"A two bedroomed mid terrace cottage situated within the heart of Spondon village, ideal for the first time buyer and available with no upward chain. The property has been recently subject to a range of improvements and benefits from gas fired central heating (via a combination boiler), UPVC doubl..."
"* IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS * This fantastic, extended, two double bedroom, semi detached property is located in a quiet cul-de-sac in Alvaston and boasts a superbly spacious extended kitchen/diner, fantastic garden, driveway parking and is within walking distance of shops, good schools and ame..."
"**GROUND FLOOR ** 983 YEARS ON LEASE** ALLOCATED PARKING** GARDEN AREA ** SERVICE CHARGE £1000 PER ANNUM ** IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT** Leaders Estate Agents are delighted to present this spacious, high specification ground floor apartment conveniently located within walking d..."
"This traditional semi detached home is located in this sought after area of Chaddesden and is being offered for sale with no onward chain. The property is ready to move straight in to and features a generous kitchen/diner, UPVC conservatory and a generous rear garden."
"This modern, well presented and spacious family home is ideally located to offer easy access to local amenities, benefits from a beautiful open plan/lounge diner, modern re-fitted kitchen and a good sized garden. Offering uPVC double glazing and gas central heating, the accommodation in brief ..."
"***REFURBISHMENT PROJECT*** ***CALLING DEVELOPERS*** ***NO CHAIN *** ***VIRTUAL TOUR***   For sale with no chain, on a corner plot - requiring a scheme of Refurbishment Located within a cul-de-sac in the popular suburb ..."
"Are you looking for a perfect step onto the property ladder, or potentially a ready to let investment purchase, then look no further"
NO CHAIN - A fantastic opportunity to acquire this two bedroom terrace property in an ever popular location in Derby.
"FRESHLY DECORATED TRADITIONAL Mid Terrace with NEW FITTED KITCHEN, NEW CARPETS THROUGHOUT, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and LARGE ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN offered for sale with NO UPWARD CHAIN! Close to the City Centre, Chester Green Park and Darley Park. This property would make a wonderful FIRST TIME BUY..."
"** BEING SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU ** Leaders Estate Agents bring to the market this three bedroom semi-detached property located in the popular residential area of Sinfin, Derby. Briar Lea Close lies close to a range of local amenities to include various shops, well regarded schools and a r..."
"** £740 PER CALENDAR MONTH - TO BE SOLD WITH TENANT IN SITU ** A modern and well presented two bedroom mid townhouse located in the popular area of Spondon. The property has the benefit of allocated parking for one vehicle, gas central heating, a low maintenance rear garden and upvc double ..."
NO CHAIN - A fantastic opportunity to acquire this two double bedroom terrace property in the ever popular location of Oakwood.
A superbly presented two bedroom property in a sought after location in Alvaston ideally suited to a first time buyer or buy to let investor.
"Are you looking for a spacious and airy penthouse within walking distance of city centre, a property that can offer you modern living, secure parking and views of the city. Then look no further"
"*** Option For A Cash Buyer To Purchase 50% Equity Share *** Located just off Ashbourne Road, close to Derby University and Derby City Centre, is this two bedroomed home offered for sale with no upward chain. The property would make a fantastic first home and benefits from uPVC double glazing, g..."
"A beautiful character first floor, two bed apartment in the sought after Friar Gate development is offered for sale with No Upward Chain. Conveniently located within walking distance to the City Centre, The Cathedral Quarter, Markeaton Park and providing easy access to major road links the A38..."
"A great opportunity to acquire a spacious three double bedroomed terraced home which has undergone a full scheme of refurbishment and extension. Offering three double bedrooms, new extended kitchen, new downstairs bathroom, hallway, two spacious reception rooms, three double bedrooms, newly fitte..."
"A beautifully presented semi-detached family home, positioned in the popular location of Alvaston, being sold by Modern Method of Auction. Offering three double bedrooms, spacious lounge diner, modern fitted kitchen diner, cloakroom, family bathroom, ample off street parking and generous private ..."
"Sold with vacant possession and no upward chain is this two double bedroom detached bungalow set on a good sized plot with a driveway providing parking for multiple vehicles, and a rear garden."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire this two double bedroom semi-detached property situated in the ever popular location of Chaddesden.
NO CHAIN - An excellent opportunity to acquire this three bedroom terrace property with private rear garden in the ever popular location of Littleover.
"A spacious semi-detached house, located in Chaddesden within a short distance to local shops, main access roads and the city centre. Offering three bedrooms, lounge, open plan kitchen diner, ample parking and generous garden. The property benefits from double glazed windows, gas central heat..."
"Over 55s, 75% shared ownership, two bedroom extra care complex apartment located on the ground floor and in a highly popular and sought after building in Derby. Having the benefit of care assistants on site 24 hours a day, the property also benefits from double glazing, heating costs included wit..."
A great opportunity to acquire a two double bedroom semi-detached property in an ever popular location of Derby.
"An opportunity to acquire a mid terrace property forming part of six properties within the Stoney Cross area of Spondon and occupying a mature no through road location via a private lane. The property is supplemented by gas fired central heating, UPVC double glazing and briefly comprises:- lou..."
"**TOP FLOOR ** 983 YEARS ON LEASE** ALLOCATED PARKING** FULLY FURNISHED** SERVICE CHARGE £1000 PER ANNUM ** IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT** Leaders Estate Agents are delighted to present this spacious, high specification top floor apartment conveniently located within walking dist..."
"This mid town house is located in this sought after area and would make a great first home for those looking to get on the ladder. The property is well presented throughout and features driveway and garage, enclosed rear garden and there are excellent links to major road networks."
A traditional two bedroom semi-detached property in a popular location in Chaddesden ideally suited to a first time buyer or growing family.
"YOPA are delighted to welcome to the market this spacious and well presented three bedroom semi detached home in Alvaston. Benefitting from easy access to amenities and transport, an open plan Kitchen/Diner, and ample off street parking. This would make a great first time buy or family home!"
***Investor only*** This high spec brand new development is completing in 2024 and offers a flexible payment plan for investors where you can invest with £2000 reservation fee and makes a perfect buy to let investment. Expected to generate Up to 7% yields. Please contact us for ...
"This 3-bedroom terraced house in Derby is a great opportunity for someone looking for a home renovation project. The house is in need of some TLC but has huge potential. The house has a good-sized living room and kitchen, 3 bedrooms, and a family bathroom. The house is located in a popular ..."
"A three bedroom semi detached house in a cul de sac location offering no chain. The property briefly comprises of an entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen, downstairs bathroom, three bedrooms, driveway, garage, two outhouses and a large rear garden. Internal viewings are highly recommended."
"A well presented three bedroom semi detached house, ideal for a family offering three bedrooms, kitchen diner, off street parking and generous garden, located in a cul de sac. The property benefits from gas central heating and double glazing. To the ground floor there is a welcoming hallway, lo..."
A refurbished three bedroom mid-town house in a popular cul-de-sac location offered for sale with no onward chain.
TWO BEDROOMED GROUND FLOOR FLAT **NO CHAIN** GATED BUILDING****ALLOCATED PARKING** IDEAL FOR CITY CENTRE**
"A fantastic opportunity arises for a first time buyer, investor or family to purchase this superb two bedroom, semi detached property located in the popular area of Alvaston. Brought to the market with no upward chain, the property has been modernised throughout and benefits from uPVC double glaz..."
"BEING SOLD CHAIN FREE is this beautiful GROUND FLOOR apartment in one of Derby City Centres best gated developments with its own private entrance PRIVATE ENTRANCE.In brief the property comprises of entrance hallway with utility area, bathroom, two bedrooms with en suite shower to master and gener..."
"* Ideal For First Time Buyers * This beautifully well presented, two bedroomed end-terraced property is located within a pleasant cul-de-sac. Featuring driveway parking, an open plan kitchen/diner leading into conservatory, two bedrooms and a substantial wrap around garden - this property is not ..."
"We are proud to offer this Two Bedroom Semi Detached Bungalow – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £155,000 - £170,000*"
"*NO UPWARD CHAIN* well presented, three bedroom, semi-detached family home located within a popular residential area, offering ideal accommodation for either a BTL investor, first time buyer, or a growing family. The property benefits from a spacious kitchen/diner, a conservatory, a generous rear..."
"** IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT ** Offered to the market with no upward chain this two bedroom Mid Townhouse in the ever popular residential area of Oakwood. The property would make an ideal first time buy or investment purchase and benefits from gas central heating, upvc double glazing,..."
"Nicholas Humphreys are pleased to bring to the sales market this spacious and well-presented first floor apartment in a sought after development located close to the Friar Gate area of the city. The accommodation benefits from an entrance hallway accessed via secure communal areas, kitchen/diner ..."
"*No Upward Chain* Fantastic opportunity to purchase this three bedroom, well presented semi detached property, ideal for the first time buyer or investment purchaser and available for sale with no upward chain. The property boasts a modern kitchen, downstairs W.C, two reception rooms and a good s..."
Wow! Is this is the best home you've seen? We have the pleasure to offer you the chance to purchase this beautifully refurbished two bedroom terrace house situated within the heart of Derby City Centre
"This semi detached home is located in this popular area and would make a great first home. The property is well presented throughout and features three bedrooms, off road parking and enclosed rear garden. Rolls Royce, shops and amenities are close by."
"This most spacious and well presented three bedroomed apartment is located in the sought after area of Littleover and offers a generously proportioned modern interior with lounge, kitchen and separate dining room.  This beautiful home is deceptively spacious and benefits from uPVC double gla..."
"Great investment opportunity, being sold with no upward chain is this well presented, two double bedroom end terraced property which offers great access to Derby city centre. The property is currently being sold with sitting tenants making this perfect for anyone looking for an instant rental inc..."
"This traditional mid terrace property has recently undergone a full programme of refurbishment and is ready to move straight in to. The property is close to Derby City Centre and Pride Park and features two reception rooms, stylish kitchen and bathroom and three bedrooms. There is no onward chain."
NO CHAIN - A fantastic opportunity to acquire a two double bedroom semi-detached bungalow in an ever popular location.
This traditional palisaded mid terrace property is being offered for sale with no onward chain and would make a great first home. The property features two reception rooms and three bedrooms and is within easy reach of the wide range of shops and amenities on offer locally.
"Set in an excellent location for Derby city centre and the train station. This two bedroom apartment is ideal for first time buyers, first time investors or seasoned investors. Very spacious rooms and the apartment itself is set in a lovely building with history and a handful of character."
"A two double-bedroomed, mid townhouse, ideal for the first buyer or investment purchaser and occupies an established cul-de-sac location. The property benefits from gas fired central heating, double glazing, allocated parking spaces and an enclosed rear garden. The property is also available wit..."
Hannells Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this excellent development opportunity! The proposed land has planning permission granted for a four bedroomed detached dwelling with a double garage accesed via a shared driveway. Architect drawings and further information regardi...
"**TENANTS IN SITU - INVESTMENT ONLY** This traditional mid terrace property is being sold with tenants in situ and would make an great investment opportunity. The property features two reception rooms, three bedrooms and enclosed rear garden. Derby City Centre is close by."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this TWO DOUBLE Bedroom Apartment, located conveniently close to the CITY CENTRE and UNIVERSITY. Offered for Sale with NO UPWARD CHAIN; this apartment would make an IDEAL INVESTMENT or FIRST TIME BUY! "
** IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT** Leaders are proud to present this two bedroom mid town house set in a cul de sac location in the ever popular village Alvaston. Upon entering the property into the entrance hall with door leading to the lounge having an open staircase rising to the first fl...
A spacious three bedroom mid-town house in a popular location close to Derby City ideally suited to a growing family or buy to let investor.
Offered for sale with no upward chain is this well presented and spacious three double bedrooms semi detached house
"Modern and stylish ground floor apartment sitting a short distance from the Derby ring road and ideally suiting buy to let investors, first time buyers and those looking for excellent access to the nearby major road links and the Royal Derby Hospital. Having been maintained to a high standard, t..."
A modern two bedroom top floor apartment within the well known and sought after Riverside complex. This two bedroom apartment has been decorated and presented to an exceptional standard by the current owners
"Offered for sale with no upward chain is this charming period property, ideally located in the heart of Littleover and offering easy access to local excellent local amenities within Littleover Village. With a beautiful feature fire surround, two bedrooms and a fitted bathroom, it would make an i..."
** LONG LEASE 981 YEARS REMAINING ** **** BEING SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU PAYING £750 PER MONTH MAKING IT A 6% YIELD **** A stylish two double bedroomed second floor apartment located within walking distance to Derby City Centre and the cosmopolitan Friar Gate area of Der...
** IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT** Leaders are proud to present this two bedroom mid town house set in a cul de sac location in the ever popular village Alvaston. Upon entering the property directly into the lounge having an open staircase rising to the first floor landing. To the rear eleva...
**NO UPWARD CHAIN** OVER 55'S APARTMENT WITH FLEXIBLE CARE FACILITIES* TWO BEDROOMS ** SPACIOUS LOUNGE WITH KITCHEN AREA** SHOWER ROOM** LOTS OF ON SITE AMENITIES** ATTRACTIVE LOCATION **
"This first floor apartment is being offered for sale with no onward chain and would make a great first time buyer or investment purchase. The property is within easy access of Derby City Centre and the wide range of shops, amenities and leisure facilities on offer."
***IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT***A fully REFURBISHED traditional two bedroom mid terrace property ideal for a first time buyer or buy to let investment. Entering the property into the hallway with access both receptions rooms and door leading down to the cellar. From the second recep...
"Brighton & Beck are delighted to offer to the market this spacious and well presented modern apartment. The property is ideally situated on the fringe of the city and would make an ideal home for first time buyers, or professionals looking for easy access to the hospital or the city centre whilst..."
A modern ground floor apartment in the popular Strutts Park area of the city offered for sale with no onward chain. The accommodation would ideally suit a first time buyer or buy to let investor.
**ONE BED GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT WITH GARDEN**NO CHAIN**GOOD LOCATION FOR CITY CENTRE AND DERBY ROYAL HOSPITAL**
"A WONDERFUL opportunity to acquire this Two double bedroom mid terraced house, with NEW ROOF and FRESHLY DECORATED throughout.  Being Sold with No Upward Chain! "
TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS - NO CHAIN - A spacious mid terrace property in a popular location close to Derby City offed for sale with no onward chain.
NO CHAIN - An excellent opportunity for a first time buyer or investor to purchase a recently renovated two double bedroom end terrace property in an ever popular area of Derby.
"*Investors Only* An excellent modern development for tenants looking for premium living. These new apartments will be perfect for investors. To receive more information, please contact us directly. Comprising of modern fixtures and fittings, each apartment will feature state..."
"A stylishly appointed one bedroom, freehold, ground floor apartment offering highly impressive spacious accommodation featuring a private courtyard and cellar."
"Situated in the heart of Derby, within easy reach of the vibrant city centre, this is a beautifully appointed two bedroom terrace house which benefits from gas central heating, double glazing and on street permit parking."
EXCELLENT FIRST TIME BUYER OR INVESTMENT BUYER 
NO CHAIN - A fantastic opportunity two acquire a three double bedroom terrace property in an ever popular location.
"Offered for sale with no upward chain is this well presented mid-terraced property having two reception rooms, three bedrooms and conveniently situated within a short walk to Derby City Centre.  The property benefits from UPVC double glazing, gas central heating and a low maintenance rear ga..."
"**OPEN 7 DAYS A WEEK** HOPKINS & DAINTY of TICKNALL offer to the market this three bedroom property located within a highly popular and convenient area, within ease of access to Derby city centre and Rolls Royce. Benefitting from gas central heating and double glazing the accommodation has to off..."
"**NON STANDARD CONSTRUCTION** ** IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESMENT ** Leaders are proud to present this traditional three bedroom semi-detached property situated in Scarborough Rise, Derby. Briefly the property comprises entrance hallway providing access to all downstairs accommodation and s..."
"A well presented spacious terrace house, located within a short distance to the city centre and Royal Derby Hospital. Offering two double bedrooms, two reception rooms, modern kitchen, four-piece suite bathroom and enclosed garden. The property benefits from gas central heating, double glaz..."
"DECEPTIVLY SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME. Well presented property with two bedrooms, driveway parking and enclosed rear garden. No upward chain."
"***TENANTS IN SITU CURRENTLY PAYING £625PCM*** An opportunity for an investor looking to acquire this TWO DOUBLE bedroom mid town house with PARKING to the rear, situated in the popular and convenient residential location of Chaddesden. The property is within easy reach of local amenit..."
"* NO UPWARD CHAIN * Fantastic opportunity to purchase this two bedroomed semi-detached property, available to the market with no upward chain and being ideal for both first time buyers and investors alike. With two bedrooms, a modern kitchen and a substantial rear garden - this is one not to be m..."
"Offered for sale with no upward chain is this two bedroomed bungalow situated on a purpose-built over 60's development, standing in well maintained communal gardens and grounds and is within easy walking distance of the excellent local amenities on offer including doctors, dentist, opticians, che..."
"Are you looking to benefit from the immediate return offered from an established buy to let property? Then this well presented two bedroom house could be perfect. Currently let to a family for £800 PCM, but with the future potential of becoming a lucrative student let, call today!!"
"A fantastic opportunity arises to acquire this modern two bedroomed first floor apartment, which is located in a highly desirable and sought after location. Offered for sale with no onward chain and at a competitive asking price, an internal inspection is a must in order to fully appreciate the ..."
Investment Opportunity! If you are searching for an investment opportunity and would like income being paid straight to you then this is the house for you!
"A three bedroomed semi detached home requiring a degree of modernisation/improvement however, does benefit from being re-roofed in 2021 and having a combination boiler installed in 2021. The property is offered for sale with no upward chain. The accommodation benefits from gas fired central h..."
"*Investment Only* An excellent modern development for tenants looking for premium city centre living. To receive more information, please contact us directly. Comprising of modern fixtures and fittings, each apartment will feature state-of-the-art designs and fixtures, and t..."
YOPA are delighted to welcome this three bedroom property in need of renovation in the sought after location of Alvaston. This home offers a generous plot size with easy access to Alvaston Town Centre and is in close proximity to Transport Routes. With a bit of TLC this would be a great family home!
"A well presented and modern second floor city centre apartment offering two bedrooms, en-suite to the master bedroom, open plan lounge kitchen diner and allocated parking, being sold with a tenant in situ or with vacant possession. The property benefits from electric heating and double glazing. ..."
"An excellent opportunity arises for a first time buyer or investor to purchase this well presented, two double bedroomed ground floor apartment located in the sought after area of Chellaston. Brought to the market with no upward chain, the property benefits from uPVC double glazing, one allocate..."
"Brought to the market with no upward chain is this superbly spacious, extended semi detached home, in need of modernisation throughout but offering excellent potential being already extended. With two/three bedrooms and two bathrooms this property is one not to be missed! Having gas central ..."
A light and spacious apartment with beautiful river views located in the heart of the City Centre offered for sale with no onward chain.
"A three bedroom semi detached brand new 50% shared ownership property in a popular Kedleston Grange development in Allestree. The property briefly comprises of an entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen/diner, cloakroom, three bedrooms an upstairs bathroom, driveway and a rear garden."
"IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT - A beautifully appointed and most spacious one bedroom mews apartment, set in this most convenient and sought after location just a few minutes walk away from the Royal Derby Hospital and also offering easy access to Derby City Centre and Rolls-Royce. ..."
"This ground floor apartment is being offered for sale with no onward chain and would make a great first time buyer or investment purchase. The property is within easy access of Derby City Centre and the wide range of shops, amenities and leisure facilities on offer."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to market this Two Bedroom Apartment. This property in short features; Entrance Hall, Kitchen/Living Room, Family Bathroom and Two Double Bedrooms.
The property also offers secured off road parking.
This property is located within Derby City and is perfect for..."
"A spacious bay fronted mid terraced house offering two double bedrooms, hallway, two reception rooms and low maintenance garden, being sold by modern method of auction. This ideal first time buy or buy to let investment opportunity is located with good access to the city centre, the property ben..."
A chance to purchase a great to bedroom home! This property is a the example of TLC and it is ready for the new owners to move straight into. The location is also ideal for access to Derby train station and local amenities
"MUST VIEW! Hall & Benson are delighted to bring to market this very well presented, mid terrace, located on a popular street close to Derby City Centre. The property has been tastefully redecorated throughout and benefits from having a rear garden. Perfect for first time buyers & investors!"
"This spacious and extended two double bedroomed traditional terraced home is ideally located to offer easy access to the City Centre. Offering two receptions rooms and a modern fitted kitchen, viewing is highly recommended. Benefitting from double glazing and gas central heating, the accommoda..."
"Sold with vacant possession and no upward chain is this well maintained two double bedroom semi-detached bungalow set on a good sized plot with off street parking, and an enclosed rear garden."
"This traditional apartment is fabulously presented throughout and would make a fantastic first home. The property enjoys a central location and offers excellent access to Derby City Centre, Train station, Pride Park and has excellent road links. There is allocated parking available."
"A luxury two double bedroomed third floor apartment with stunning views over the River Derwent. The apartment has the benefit of double glazing, spacious living accommodation and lovely views over Derby. In brief the property comprises of entrance hallway, spacious lounge, kitchen area, two doub..."
"A spacious mid terrace house, located within a walking distance to the city centre and with great access to Royal Derby Hospital, Derby University and main access roads. Offering two double bedrooms, two reception rooms, fitted kitchen, fitted bathroom and enclosed garden. The property benef..."
"Offers in the region of £130,000. Royston and Lund offer this two bedroom terrace property to the sales market. The property is currently tenanted and the income is £550 pcm. The property enjoys a convenient position being just a few minutes walk away from local schools and open..."
"A traditional three bedroom mid terrace property in a popular and convenient location, close to Derby City and the Ashbourne Road area offered for sale with no onward chain."
"Apartment 20 West Point, Brook Street, Derby, DE1 3TE PUBLIC NOTICE We are acting in the sale of the above property and have received an offer of £123,000 Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange of contracts take..."
"Dwellings Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this two-bedroom property. Meynell Street is situated within walking distance of a wide range of local amenities on offer in Normanton. This traditional mid-terrace property offers two reception rooms, a fitted kitchen, two g..."
"SPACIOUS SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT IN POPULAR LOCATION. With two double bedrooms, large open plan lounge, bathroom and ensuite, currently with tenant in situ."
A spacious modern two-bedroom first floor executive apartment with garage set in one of Derby’s most sought after developments in the Friar Gate area of Derby and within walking distance of the City centre amenities. Set within a secure gated environment with electric security gates the apartmen...
A fantasic opportunity to acquire a two bedroom ground floor retirement apartment with parking in the newly developed Kingsway Boulevard.
NO CHAIN - A spacious two bedroom mid terrace property in a popular cul-de-sac location offered for sale with no onward chain.
"Goodmove present this 2 bedroom mid terrace house for QUICK sale on Harrington Street, Derby, DE24. Harrington Street is very conveniently located close the shops and amenities of Allenton, good local schools and excellent access to public transport and the City Centre. Call to book your viewing ..."
"A stunning two bedroom, two bathroom chain free ground floor apartment in a period conversion! Benefiting from private gated parking, high ceilings, large double glazed windows and en suite to master. It is also very conveniently located with easy access to town centre, amenities and all road lin..."
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND A We are pleased to present to the market this well-presented, three bedroom terraced house in Derby which is of non-standard Unity PRC construction. The property is being offered to the market with no upward chain and requires some moder..."
This property remains available and open to offers following the auction on 30 March 2023. Please contact the auctioneers on for further details.
"*80% SHARE* A two bedroom over 55's bungalow on The Beeches in Spondon. Breifly comprising lounge, kitchen, two bedrooms and shower room with allocated parking and communal gardens outside. Offered to the market with no onward chain, an early internal viewing is highly recommended."
"Sold with vacant posession, Hall and Benson are proud to market this well located two bedroom terraced property, close to Derby City Centre. A great opportunity for investors! Call to make your appointment to view!"
"A surprisingly spacious two double bedroom, first floor apartment. Enjoying an enviable and convenient location close to Derby city centre and the Royal Hospital."
"*INVESTMENT* Offered for sale with no upward chain and to be sold with tenants in situ, is this well presented and improved two bedroom terraced property, occupying an excellent plot in one of Derby's most conveniently located cul-de-sac positions. The property has the benefit of uPVC double gla..."
"*80% SHARE* A two bedroom over 55's bungalow on Gascoigne Drive in Spondon. Breifly comprising lounge, kitchen, two bedrooms and shower room with allocated parking and communal gardens outside. Offered to the market with no onward chain, an early internal viewing is highly recommended."
"A SUPERB BUY FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR BUY TO LET INVETORS. THIS MODERN TWO BEDROOM MID TERRACE HOME IS OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN. BENEFITTING FROM OFF-ROAD PARKING, THIS HOME IS WELL PROPORTIONED AND OFFERS EXCELLENT ACCESS TO THE A52, THE M1, LOCAL AMENITIES, SUPERMARKET AND SCHOOLS."
"A spacious mid terraced house offering three bedrooms, hallway, kitchen diner, ground floor bathroom, first floor washroom and enclosed garden, being sold with a tenant in situ or with vacant possession. The property benefits from gas central heating and double glazed windows. To the ground flo..."
"** ATTENTION INVESTORS OR FIRST TIME BUYERS ** This is a fantastic sized THREE bedroom maisonette family home Comprising; hallway with useful storage cupboard, living room, kitchen diner, three generous sized bedrooms and a bathroom with three piece white suite. The property also benefits from a ..."
"Ideal for first time buyers, families or investors and offered for sale with no upward chain is this spacious, two double-bedroomed, traditional mid-terraced property which is situated close to the local shops and amenities. The accommodation benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating..."
"A mid-townhouse requiring modernisation, offering three bedrooms, kitchen diner, generous sized rear garden and off street parking, being sold with no upward chain. The property benefits from electric storage heaters, double glazing and is a non-standard construction with unity PRC. "
A GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE THIS DECEPTIVE MID TERRACE HOME. PERFECTLY SUITED TO FIRST TIME BUYERS OR BUY TO LET INVESTORS. THE GENEROUS WEST FACING REAR GARDEN IS SURE TO IMPRESS AND THE POTENTIAL TO ADD YOUR OWN STAMP ON THE PROPERTY WILL APPEAL TO THOSE WHO ARE LOOKING FOR A DO-ER UPPER!
"INVESTORS ONLY - Situated in the heart of Derby, only a short walk from the vibrant city centre, this is a well appointed two bedroom mid-terrace property which benefits from gas central heating and double glazing."
***TO BE SOLD TENANT **** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS**** DINING ROOM ***** FRONT RECEPTION ROOM **** GARDEN ***** ON STREET PARKING **** CENTRAL HEATING*** GROUND FLOOR BATHROOM
Offered with no upwards chain and in need of modernisation is this 2 Double bedroom Victorian mid terraced property located close to Normanton and Derby city centre. The property will attract both first time buyers and buy to let investors.
***TO BE SOLD TENANTED ***** TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM S**** DINING ROOM ***** FRONT RECEPTION ROOM **** GARDEN ***** ON STREET PARKING **** CENTRAL HEATING***
"This is an excellent opportunity to acquire a beautifully presented, delightful 1 bedroom Georgian period cottage with spacious rooms and a harmonious layout, with no onward chain. A full scheme of refurbishment has been carried out in recent months to a high standard. The property is located ..."
