Summary
"Available with no chain is this spacious and well-presented three bedroom ground floor apartment in the sought after area of Lakeside. The property is ready for any buyer to move into and offers ample living space. It comprises of a modern kitchen with integrated appliances, spacious ..."
"Fine combination of substantial stone farm house, ancillary annexe, courtyard, equestrian facilities, all secluded in an enclave bordered by mature woodland, in all approx. 312 acres, "
Historic Residential Equestrian Estate
"A superb contemporary home of exceptional quality offering spacious accommodation, a wide range of cutting edge technology and is situated in an idyllic location."
"GUIDE PRICE - £1.75 MILLION - £1.85 MILLION This is a quite magnificent family dwelling, enjoying one of the finest, unspoilt plots in the Doncaster area. The site, amounting to around 1.5 acres, enjoys a high degree of privacy, whilst the property itself offers an impressive 7,000 sq ft plus..."
A truly enviable detached family home offering extensive living accommodation boasting an abundance of natural light and displaying exquisite grandeur from every corner. The property has been meticulously finished to the highest standard throughout with no expense being spared. Much original c...
"'Rowland Bridge House' is without doubt one of the finest homes to come to the local market over recent years. Located close to the heart of Tickhill, this is a truly outstanding property, offering over 4,000sq ft of superbly well presented accommodation, with an extremely high standard of in..."
"A truly outstanding five bedroom individually designed detached family home located in one of Doncaster's most prestigious settings. Internally, the property is presented and appointed to extremely high standards whilst providing over 4,300 sq ft of accommodation over three floors and an annex."
"Set within privately enclosed landscaped gardens, a hugely characterful 19th century property, sympathetically restored resulting in a magnificent family home; the grounds approaching 2.5 acres including south facing gardens, a triple garage and a self contained leisure suite.  
"
"Standing within magnificent, secluded grounds, amounting to around 0.75 acre, an outstanding family residence positioned close to the heart of Sprotbrough village. The property offers approaching 4,000 sq ft of living space, and briefly comprises of reception hall, 4 generous reception rooms, fit..."
"Oaklea is an impressive family home hidden within the suburbs of Doncaster, superbly located for access into the town centre, and with a choice of highly regarded schools within easy reach. Constructed in the 1920’s, the property has been sympathetically improved in recent years and has..."
"RESIDENTIAL DEVELOPMENT SITEMANOR FARM, BARNSLEY ROAD (A635), MARR, DONCASTER, DN5 7AXThe main body of the site extends to approximately 1.5 acres (0.606h.a.) and is extremely convenient for access to the motorway network."
"STUNNING FAMILY HOME WITH INDEPENDENT ANNEXE POSITIONED IN THE HEART OF THIS SOUGHT AFTER VILLAGE Ideally located within easy reach of the motorway and rail networks, and close to a host of amenities, an absolutely outstanding detached family home, presented and appointed to the highest of st..."
"Accessed via a private gated driveway, within one of Doncaster's most exclusive settings, an exceptional detached family home with an immaculate interior providing extensive family accommodation of the highest quality. Ground floor: reception hall, cloakroom, separate WC. Family room / Formal din..."
"GUIDE PRICE : £1.1 million - £1.3 million Located in what is without doubt one of the areas most exclusive settings, this superb, individually designed detached home is effectively a 'new build' with only the 'shell' remaining from the original dwelling. Having been totally redesigned, ..."
"Possibly the most illustrious address in the region, No.1 Yorkshire is a fine, Grade II listed three storey town house constructed of red brick in Flemish bond with a pantile roof. The property dates from the late C18 with a later two storey extension to the rear, and has been sympathetically ..."
"A SUBSTANTIAL FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME SET IN APPROX. TEN ACRES WITH AN OPTION TO PURCHASE AN ADDITIONAL APPROX. FOUR ACRES. FANTASTIC LEISURE SUITE, AND RANGE OF OUTBUILDINGS IN A RURAL, SECLUDED LOCATION ..."
"Guide price £975,000 - £1,000,000. A truly enchanting and beautifully appointed period property forming the principal part of the original manor house circa 1868. Undeniably one of the finest homes to come to market within Doncaster, this stunning property lies secluded amongst 1.5 acres of mat..."
"Positioned in over an acre of private lawned grounds, a substantial detached family home, affording easy access to the excellent facilities within the sought after town of Bawtry. Set well back from the 'Great North Road', and accessed via a private driveway, the property has plenty of scope to f..."
"**UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY** To become the owner of the historic OLD RECTORY and RECTORY COTTAGE in the rural village of FINNINGLEY. A GRAND GRADE II LISTED property, steeped in history. **CLICK NOW!**"
"SIMPLY STUNNING. High quality large bungalow set in 4 acres with two 22m x 15m Barns, Four Stables, Kennels and Double garage with gym. Immaculate throughout. Superb location with a rural feel but close to facilities and M18/M62 access. VIEWING ESSENTIAL."
"A WONDERFUL BUNGALOW OFFERING ACCOMMODATION FOR TWO FAMILIES! This property is a must see to appreciate the land, outbuildings and the size of property on offer. This extended and modernised detached bungalow benefits from an attached two bedroom self contained annex. The main residence compris..."
A traditional well-appointed detached family home set within private mature gardens in an extremely sort after location. The expansive living accommodation is set over two floors and extends to around 3000 SQFT in all. An abundance of natural light gives a feeling of space throughout. 
"An exceptional detached family home with an immaculate interior providing extensive family accommodation of over 4000sq/ft. The property briefly comprises; Ground floor: reception hallway, cloakroom/WC. office, substantial games room with built in storage and access to a double garage, formal din..."
"A 5 bedroom, 5 bathroom property arranged over 2 floors. The internal layout can be altered to best suit the buyers needs. Offering many innovative environment and energy saving solutions a site visit is a must to understand the research behind this futuristic property. Features such as drain..."
"GUIDE PRICE £180,000-£185,000. This spacious extended well-presented three bedroom semi-detached family home must be viewed to truly appreciate the accommodation offered for sale. The property has off road parking and enclosed garden to the rear. Ring to book a viewing today!"
"This family home offers a LARGE KITCHEN with dining area and FRENCH DOORS leading to the garden, ideal for entertaining. You’ll also find a handy W.C, a spacious lounge perfect for getting cosy on those dark nights and plenty of storage space on the ground floor.
Upstairs, the stylish main bedroo..."
"**HOME FARM** IDYLLIC FARMHOUSE IN WAITING There’s a perfect imperfection about Home Farm. Mixing quirky farmhouse character with family home practicality, this Grade II Listed five-bedroom property located in the South Yorkshire Saxon village of Burghwallis truly is one of a kind. D..."
"Reeds Rains are proud to market for sale, this wonderful five bedroom 1929 period detached family home. Occupying a prominent elevated position in the heart of Sprotbrough village. Benefits include a GCH system DG, Generous landscaped gardens, Raised front terrace, double garage, driveway, works..."
"Situated on a generous corner plot, amounting to 0.22 acre, this substantial family home offers extensive accommodation within one of the areas most sought after locations. The grounds include a private 'outdoor living' area, landscaped gardens, and a large parking area leading to the double gara..."
"An outstanding family home offering vast living accommodation with potential for self contained annex. Occupying a substantial private plot at the beginning of this small development just off Grange Road. Grange Court lies within easy reach of reputable primary and secondary schools, Lakeside l..."
"Well proportioned family home with annex, boasting spacious accommodation throughout, Only by an internal inspection can you fully appreciate the the spacious accommodation on offer book your viewing now."
The Pentlands is a spacious five bedroom detached family home offering generous yet versatile living accommodation set within large mature gardens including a detached one bedroom annex. The property is extremely well presented with contemporary fittings.
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... Location, Location, Location! This stunning 4 bedroom, 3 bathroom home on Bawtry Road is a must-..."
"AN EXCEPTIONAL DETACHED THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME SET IN APPROX. 6.5 ACRES WITH A SELF-CONTAINED ONE BEDROOM ANNEXE AND SUPERB PRIVATE EQUESTRIAN FACILITIES INCLUDING STABLING, HAY BARN, FEED/TACK ROOM, GRAZING PADDOCKS ..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... Welcome to Warning Tongue Lane! This stunning 4 bedroom, 3 bathroom detached family home is..."
"A fine modern detached individually built house, substantially built with a gabled front elevation, stone sills and headers under a pantiled roof. The property stands with landscaped garden areas and a paddock to the rear. A substantial range of brick built outbuildings comprises a detached games..."
"An absolutely stunning, extended 7 bedroom detached home. Properties of this calibre are rare to the market, with high specification fixtures and fittings and beautifully presented throughout. Set on a generous plot & including a double garage."
This five bedroomed detached property lies on a generous corner plot in the entrance to the much sought after Oaklands Estate in Bessacarr which lies on the outskirts of the city of Doncaster with motorway links to the M18 and A1M. The property would benefit from a programme of modernisation but...
"Middlecroft is a superbly extended and restored period cottage, offering versatile accommodation full of charm and character.  The original cottage dates from 1901 although the property has now been extended by linking a detached barn to the house and converting it into additional accommodatio..."
"+++ GUIDE PRICE £700,000 - £750,000 +++ Finished to a very high standard throughout | Architecturally designed | Stunning unique five bedroom detached residence | Large private rear garden"
"GUIDE PRICE-£700,000-£720,000. This immaculately presented executive style detached five double bedroom, four bathroom/shower room family home is situated on a private cul-de-sac on Bawtry Road. The property stands on a generous enclosed plot with ample off road parking and good sized gardens."
"**PERFECT FAMILY HOME** On offer: a FIVE-BED DETACHED PROPERTY on a c. 1.5 ACRE PLOT in a POPULAR LOCATION with a KITCHEN, FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS, THREE BATHROOMS, MATURE GARDENS and MORE. *CLICK NOW!*"
"Offers invited on this FORMIDABLE FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM detached property offering generous and versatile family living accommodation with BESPOKE FEATURES AND FITTINGS THROUGHOUT. This enviable one off family home briefly comprises of ; reception hall, sitting room, formal dining room, boot roo..."
"Commanding an attractive and generous plot in a desirable residential location, this detached, four bedroom family home features a double integral garage, attractive garden to the rear and a private driveway with parking for multiple vehicles. The property, which is set over two floors, ..."
"Occupying a generous size plot, this superbly appointed six bedroom detached property provides spacious and versatile accommodation throughout. Boasting kitchen diner with utility off kitchen diner with utility off, two reception rooms, study, two en suites, gardens, driveway and double detached..."
"You can move straight in to this spacious and very well presented five double bedroom, four reception rooms and two bathroom detached family home with views over open countryside. Individually designed and built in 2003 to a high standard and recently upgraded to include a private and enclosed, ..."
"4 beds, 2 BATH/SHOWEROOMS & TRIPLE garage is only the start of what this bungalow offers. Large and stunning detached bungalow situated in this IDYLLIC village, having large BEAUTIFUL gardens and views. Clayton has the beauty of being a quite rural area but is an easy commute to Doncaster..."
"A stunning six-bedroom detached family home, ideally situated in a private gated cul-de-sac, in the sought-after location of Burghwallis. The property offers well-designed family accommodation and a private driveway with a double garage. Arranged over three floors, this property is a..."
"A stunning FIVE BEDROOM BUNGALOW presented to the market at £660,000 boasting a rural surrounding, en suite bathroom, DOUBLE GARAGE and PLENTY OF LIVING SPACE! AN OASIS OF CALM AND BEAUTY! Viewing can not come highly recommended enough to fully appreciate all this property has to offer!"
"MUST BE VIEWED A stunning 5 bedroom executive family home occupying a corner plot on this ever popular residential road. Boasting over 2,800 sq ft of living space arranges over two floors this beautiful home offers versatile layout conducive with modern day living. Lying within walking distance..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... The Home is in a quiet cul-de-sac with lovely neighbours, great sized gardens (front and ba..."
"A UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE THE FAMILY HOME OF WILLIAM BRADFORD, ONE OF THE PILGRIM FATHERS"
"***STUNNING EXTENDED DETACHED FAMILY HOME***SPACIOUS & CONTEMPORARY THROUGHOUT***FOUR BEDROOMS, MASTER WITH ENSUITE***TASTEFUL & STYLISH DECOR ***OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING & FAMILY AREA***HOME OFFICE/STUDY***LUXURY BATHROOM***UTILITY ROOM***TV ROOM*** Simply Stunning property!! Providing a fabulo..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire this charming and characterful Grade II listed period detached home with coach house/double garage including beautiful and large rear gardens situated in Tickhills most exclusive location of Lindrick. Comprises; reception hallway, double aspect lounge with log burner..."
"This stunning ""New"" Energy efficient 4 double bedroom detached home comes equipped with ground source heat pump, solar panels, rainwater harvesting, stylish open living kitchen with numerous appliances, ensuite, double garage and large south facing rear garden. The property comprises ..."
SIMPLY STUNNING - This spacious DETACHED DORMER BUNGALOW has been SIGNIFICANTLY UPGRADED and finished to a HIGH SPECIFICATION. The accommodation is both VERSATILE & GENEROUS. Ideal central BAWTRY LOCATION - Cannot be appreciated via a kerbside viewing!
"A SPACIOUS DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME SET ON A ONE ACRE CORNER PLOT WITH SMALL PADDOCK, STABLING, TACK/FEED ROOM AND AMPLE PARKING"
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... This substantial 6 bedroom, 4 bathroom detached family home is located in the desirable loc..."
"FULLY REFURBISHED & EXTENDED - Absolutely stunning family home in sought after BAWTRY. Sitting within a GENEROUS GARDEN PLOT with upgraded accommodation throughout. FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, an IMPRESSIVE KITCHEN and so much more! Call to view today!"
A rare opportunity to purchase a unique four bedroom semi detached house with the addition of two bedroom detached annex which will allow for a family member to live close by and has the benefit of planning permission to be either rented generating a second income or sold of separately
"A beautiful family home located on a small prestigious cul-de-sac of 4 properties. Built in attractive stone featuring ornamental gardens with mature trees offering privacy. Lying within easy reach of local schools, bus routes, motorway networks and amenities closeby this spacious property must..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£600,000-£650,000. Situated in this highly sought after location and on a double width plot is this stunning converted four bedroom farm house and benefits from having a range of spacious living accommodation throughout."
"A stunning and large five bedroom detached family home boasting two lantern roof sitting rooms, ensuite to the main bedroom, gas heating, UPVC double, glazing and private rear gardens. Comprises; hallway, lounge, sitting room, breakfast kitchen with dining area, utility, downstairs wc, study, lan..."
"**THE LAURELS** SETTLE IN SPROTBROUGH There’s a lot to admire when you arrive at the door of The Laurels. Boasting characterful 1930’s charm, picturesque outdoor areas and spacious interiors for the family, this four bedroom home set in its sought after village surroundings real..."
"A superb 4 bedroom detached bungalow standing in extensive grounds, providing deceptively spacious accommodation, stables, beautiful farmland views, ideal equestrian, plans drawn for permitted development, gas heating and UPVC double glazing. The property comprises of ; hallway, spacious lounge,..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available-During the 30 years we have lived here we have enjoyed the convenience of both primary and secondary schools and close by bus stop. We have enjoyed the quiet, enclosed garden .We love that we can look across it from the raised patio, sheltered by the glass balustrade...."
"** NO CHAIN **  This breathtaking 4 bedroom detached house situated in the sought after location of Hatfield Woodhouse, Doncaster, close to all local amenities in Hatfield, transport links and fantastic countryside. This property is positioned on 0.8 acres of land offering stunnin..."
"A simply outstanding four double bedroom detached family home situated in a desirable position within an exclusive development boasting extended landscaped gardens, double garage and open farmland views. The property comprises of a reception hall, formal sitting room through to the conservatory,..."
"A superb 4 bedroom detached home coupled with a private gated plot on the corner of Cantley Lane and St Eric’s Road. Lying within easy reach of motorway networks, reputable schools and local amenities this property provides an ideal family home. The versatile accommodation includes 2 reception ..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£585,000-£610,000. Exceptional individually designed self-built home! This five bedroom four bathroom executive style detached family home with three en-suites, a Jack and Jill bathroom, a walk-in dressing room. a cinema room over 23 FT in length and an exceptional stylish kitchen diner."
"3D Virtual Tour Available - See when this property is available to view, and reserve your appointment quickly and easily via our website!"
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website...Quite neighbourhood with ample parking , corner plot , open plan living area and no fighting over..."
***UNIQUELY DESIGNED***SIMPLY STUNNING***SPACIOUS DETACHED FAMILY HOME***FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS***MASTER WITH ENSUITE***CONTEMPORARY OPEN PLAN KITCHEN LIVING SPACE***KITCHEN WITH ISLAND***FEATURE STAIRCASE***LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN***DOUBLE GARAGE*** GARDEN ROOM*** Stunning Four bedroom detached fa...
Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this residential development site with planning passed for five detached homes. The site measures in the region of 0.92 acres accessed via The Sycamores with properties of relatively modern properties to both sides of the development. Planning ap...
"*** GUIDE PRICE £575,000 - £595,000 *** Prime residential location, a beautifully extended 4 bedroom detached house with a contemporary open plan layout and a large rear garden (approx. 350’0/ 105m long) finished to an exceptionally high standard."
"GUIDE PRICE-£160,000-£170,000. This spacious extended well-presented family home is situated in this popular location. The property has front and rear gardens and a disused garage to the rear."
"A most impressive four bedroom detached property having been sympathetically renovated and extended to create an imposing and luxurious family home situated in a wonderful sought after position with generous front and rear gardens. The property comprises of ; reception hall, sitting room, cloakr..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available - See when this property is available to view, and reserve your appointment quickly and easily via our website! This house has been the perfect family home, the location is so convenient to all local amenities & yet is so private & peaceful being s..."
***SIMPLY WOW!!***STUNNING DETACHED FAMILY HOME***RENOVATED TO A HIGH STANDARD***STYLISH & SPACIOUS***FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS***MASTER WITH ENSUITE & DRESSING ROOM***CONTEMPORARY KITCHEN/DINER WITH ISLAND & SPACIOUS FAMILY AREA***LANDSCAPED GARDENS FRONT & REAR***HIGHLY DESIREABLE VILLAGE LOCATION**...
"This outstanding five bedroom property has a true air of opulence about it. As soon as you walk into the Edlingham you find yourself in a grand hallway leading off to the many rooms this home offers. The Edlingham also has the added benefit of a detached double garage.
The useful study, pe"
****VIEWING IS ESSENTIAL TO FULLY APPRECIATE WHAT THIS PROPERTY HAS TO OFFER****Set within the charming and picturesque village of Clayton is a rare opportunity to purchase this exceptionally spacious bright and airy three/four bedroom detached bungalow with large detached garage set within fabul...
"Located in this ever sought after location, within easy reach of extensive amenities, a well proportioned detached family home, with double garage and plenty of further parking. Briefly comprises; porch, reception hall, large lounge / dining room with access to Conservatory. Open plan living, din..."
"SIMPLY STUNNING! RELUCTANT SALE DUE TO FAMILY CIRCUMSTANCES This beautiful. High specification, three bedroom, two bathroom, stone-built barn conversion with ground floor bedrooms and first floor living accommodation. Externally the property stands in a delightful Courtyard setting with ..."
" Strike is pleased to present this spacious  5 bedroom property on a  secluded south facing plot approaching  1/4 acre, in the village of Norton .  A private driveway  and double detached garage provide ample parking  for  several cars. The entrance hall give..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£550,000-£600,000. This exceptionally spacious four bedroom detached family home with versatile living has three reception rooms, Three reception rooms, an open plan kitchen diner with focal island and a double garage. Situated on a generous plot with a detached studio."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... This detached family home is located in the desirable location of Bawtry Road, Bessacarr Boasting lot..."
"Guide Price £525,000 - £550,000. haart Doncaster welcomes to the market this beautiful three double bedroom detached family cottage in the very heart of Hickleton. This home sits on a spacious plot, with stunning views at rear, ample parking for multiple vehicles and fully exposed beams throughout"
This four bedroomed detached property located in the much sought after Green Park estate has been extended by the current owner and now offers two en suite facilities to three Bedrooms and is an ideal family home lying close to the town centre of Bawtry off Tickhill Road and with woodland walks t...
"Occupying an enviable corner position on this sought after roadway within Sprotbrough village is this immaculately presented three bedroom detached bungalow. The property in brief comprises; reception hallway, dual aspect lounge with feature fireplace, stunning open plan kitchen/dining room with..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... Lovely spacious family home situated in a popular area of Bessacarr, This property has a ..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... ""This is a lovely spacious family home with a great size garden. The kitchen has been the hub of..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website..."
Currently under offer but still available for viewings due to chain. A one of a kind individually designed executive style home over four floors providing a touch of class with a double garage. The property is beautifully located in a conservation area facing Regent Square and has No Onward Chain!
"*** GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £525,000 *** Standing in approx. 1/4 of an acre private gardens, on the fringe of Sprotbrough Village, a lovely 4 bedroom detached house with a detached garage and gym."
"HEAVEN IS A PLACE ON EARTH! Standing proud in this prestigious court off of Minneymoor lane, arguably one of Conisbrough's most sought after roads - Newlands House really does have the wow factor. Bursting with elegance & a high specification throughout - an internal viewing is simply a must!"
An individual Detached 3 Bedroomed House (including option of first floor self contained suite)
"View now to avoid disappointment stunning detached home set in sought after village location, with five double bedrooms, en-suite to bedroom one, three reception rooms and modern fitted kitchen with utility. Low maintenance gardens, ample parking and large detached garage."
"GUIDE PRICE-£500,000-£525,000. This stunning and individually designed three bedroom family home provides a range of living accommodation throughout and has a beautiful entrance and hallway. Tucked away on an exclusive position and benefits from having an open living kitchen diner."
"SIMPLY STUNNING - Family homes don't get much bigger or better than this, with FIVE bedrooms and THREE bathrooms this is a quality home. Sought after residential area. Large driveways and substantial lawned gardens. NO CHAIN. Easy M18/M180/M62 motorway links. Viewing Essential. "
"
***LARGE PLOT***EXTENDED DETACHED FAMILY HOME***FOUR BEDROOMS***EXTENDED REAR GARDEN***DETACHED GARAGE***AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING***CUL DE SAC LOCATION***CONTEMPORARY CONSERVATORY***MASTER BEDROOM WITH ENSUITE***SPACE FOR THE GROWING FAMILY*** Stunning four bedroom extended family home, tucked aw..."
"This is an absolutely outstanding detached family home, renovated and re fitted to exceptional standards throughout, and enjoying the benefit of a substantial plot. The accommodation briefly comprises of; elegant reception hall/study, lounge with feature fireplace, spacious formal dining room wit..."
"GUIDE PRICE - £500,000 - £515,000 , NO CHAIN - A stunning 4/5 bedroom detached family property offering ready to move into accommodation. Located on this prestigious Bawtry Road the property is ideally placed for walking distance of schools and shops. Briefly comprises: elegant hall with churc..."
Blundells are pleased to bring to the market this unique and immaculately presented rural detached property located in the outskirts of Moss is the perfect family home. An internal inspection is essential to truly appreciate the contemporary high specification of decor and the rural outlook that...
*** SIMPLY STUNNING *** *** MUST BE VIEWED TO APPRECIATE THE ACCOMMODATION ON OFFER *** ***SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION WITH CANAL AT BOTTOM OF GARDEN*** *** THREE RECEPTION ROOMS *** *** DOWNSTAIRS BATHROOM *** *** GARDEN ROOM *** *** BAR/GAMES ROOM AREA *** *** IDYLLIC LOCATION *** *MOORING RI...
IMPRESSIVELY PROPORTIONED FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED - GENEROUS PLOT PROVIDING BEAUTIFUL ESTABLISHED GARDENS - DELIGHTFUL OUTLOOK OVER THE VILLAGE - IMPRESSIVE BASEMENT WORKSHOP AND TANDEM GARAGE - POTENTIAL FOR APPROXIMATELY 1000 SQ FT ADDITIONAL ACCOMMODATION AT BASEMENT LEVEL - EXCELLENT ...
"A stunning fivecbedroom detached family home with private driveway offering spacious, well-designed family accommodation which provides relaxing rural living with stunning views."
"Only by viewing this unique property in popular village of Hatfield, with almost ONE ACRES OF land can you appreciate all the extra's you acquire with the main residence ie Bar, Hot Tub Spa area with sliding roof, workshop, kitchen/office. Multiple business prospects and opportunity to keep li..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website...  ""We have loved living here. The house is particularly spacious and accommodating – with r..."
"105% PART EXCHANGE AVAILABLE ON THIS HOME*
Now available to view! Please call to arrange an exclusive tour of The Dunstanburgh today. Don't miss out on this beautiful home!
The Dunstanburgh is a th"
"Situated in this premier residential setting, with vehicular access from both Melton Road and Park Drive, a substantial detached bungalow with huge scope for further development (subject to planning). The site, amounting to 0.22 acre, offers private, mainly lawned gardens, with extensive parking ..."
Sure to appeal to many is this spectacular seven bedroom detached residence sitting in the peaceful village of Kirk Bramwith and benefiting from stunning countryside views. This home has been heavily extended and benefits from an attached but private annexe with two large bedrooms! Viewing required.
"Imagine an old village post office, then dial forward 100 years or so, and now you this large extended, contemporary styled 5 bedroom, 3 bathroom detached house set in beautiful gardens with a double garage and a garden studio…….."
"This beautifully presented four bedroom detached characterful home is situated in the sought after location of High Melton with spacious living accommodation. The property has a well-presented enclosed rear garden, a driveway and garage."
"This exceptional five bedroom detached family home situated over three floors with four reception rooms, three en-suites/jack and Jill, a Juliet balcony and dressing room. Situated on grounds of its own with a detached double garage, a South facing rear garden and office/garden room."
"YOPA Doncaster present this gorgeous, contemporary and stylish home which must be viewed to be appreciated. Sure to wow all potential purchasers; this home has been fully renovated to the highest standard throughout with even the smallest details thought about. Contact YOPA to arrange a viewing."
"PRICES FROM £495,000... An exclusive development of Six 3 and 4 bedroom sympathetically restored barn conversions in a courtyard setting. "
"VIEWING IS ESSENTIAL to appreciate this stunning 4 bed cottage with exceptional views. This good sized property benefits from high end fixtures and fittings throughout, 4 double bedrooms, ensuite, dressing room, 4 reception rooms, private driveway, garage for storage and good sized south west fac..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... We've had an amazing time growing our family in this lovely home. Now is the time to move on and let ..."
A TRULY STUNNING FAMILY HOME featuring a DOUBLE STOREY EXTENSION to the rear coupled with a generous garden. Lying within an extremely popular residential suburb on a sough after road benefitting from 2 reputable primary schools nearby as well as a host of local amenities at the Nostell Place. ...
"PERFECT HOUSE, PERFECT LOCATION. Situated in this picturesque village location whilst still being well placed for schools, country walks & restaurants - this detached home will wow you the moment you step through the door. Ticking all the boxes of family living - CALL US NOW!"
"Occupying an enviable elevated position on approximately 0.5 acres is this spacious, well presented four bedroom detached bungalow. The property in brief comprises; reception hallway, large triple aspect lounge/dining room, kitchen/dining room, sitting room/formal dining room, master bedroom wit..."
A large well appointed 6 bedroom detached house standing in equally large mature gardens offering exceptional contemporary styled family living.
Three bedroom semi detached property located in the ever popular suburb of Balby. This property offers a great outdoor space hosting a long driveway leading the detached garage. The property includes two large open plan reception rooms and a large private rear garden. SUMMARY Thre...
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... Offering countryside views, this property is perfectly located on a quiet, country lane. Interna..."
"A beautifully appointed detached home offering spacious living accommodation set over two floors, extending to around 2000 sq ft in all. The property is located within a small exclusive development and occupies a substantial corner plot."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £475,000 - £495,000 *** A very spacious contemporary styled 4 double bedroom, 3 bath detached house with a detached double garage in prime residential Bessacarr close to all the amenities and school."
"An extremely rare opportunity has arisen to acquire this unique EXTENDED FIVE bedroom family home with WATERFRONT position, MOORING and stunning COUNTRYSIDE VIEWS. Call Your Move for a viewing or take a virtual tour."
"*3 SHOWHOMES NOW OPEN* The Sandringham features a light and airy kitchen with skylights and bi-folding doors leading to the rear garden, a separate utility, spacious lounge with French doors and a dining room that could be used as a snug or home office. Upstairs are 5 double bedrooms."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... This substantial 6 bedroom, detached family home is located in the desirable location of Bessaca..."
"A unique opportunity to purchase a truly stunning barn conversion offering well proportioned and immaculately presented accommodation throughout. The property in brief comprises; entrance hallway, lounge with feature dual fuel burning stove, dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, show..."
VIEWING ESSENTIAL to appreciate the size of this FIVE bedroom DETACHED house with double garage located in a small hamlet. With flexible accommodation this would make great family home with generous sized rooms.
"*** £465,000 *** THIS IS A RARE OPPORTUNITY TO OWN A SIX BEDROOM PROPERTY IN THE CENTRE OF HATFIELD!! With a beautifully presented interior, a tree lined shared drive way, enclosed gardens and ample living space VIEWING CAN NOT COME HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ENOUGH"
"Hunters are delighted to offer to the market this well presented four bedroom detached property in a quiet cul de sac location in the Village of Finningley. Finningley lies on the A614 between Bawtry and Thorne and is six miles south east of Doncaster with amenities including Doctors Surgery, Po..."
"A superb 4 bedroom detached family home situated in this lovely position along Dadsley Road with countryside views, large living accommodation, breakfast kitchen, gas heating, double glazing, excellent decoration and fronted views towards a paddock. The property briefly comprises of ; entrance p..."
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.GUIDE PRICE - £460,000-500,000"
"*** GUIDE PRICE £450,000 TO £475,000*** This very well presented bungalow is located Bawtry rwithin easy reach of a wide range of amenities including various wine bars and restaurants, individual shops and boutiques, convenience stores, doctors surgery and a reputable primary ..."
"Deceptively spacious 3 bedroom extended detached bungalow, situated within the popular residential area of Bawtry. Comprising of an En-Suite, Superb four piece bathroom, kitchen diner, lounge, study. generous gardens, driveway detached garage. Viewing Advised EPC Rating C."
"This deceptive detached bungalow is nestled in a prime position in the sought after Bessacarr area of Doncaster and is sure to impress on your visit. Boasting generous sized rooms throughout, with so much on offer we strongly advise a full inspection."
"GUIDE PRICE - £450,000 - £475,000 - Stunning five bedroom property | Quality fixtures and fittings | Tastefully decorated throughout | Close to local amenities | A short walk from the train station which is on the main Leeds - Doncaster Line | Nearby ""Good"" Ofsted Schools"
A truly stunning property both internally and externally. Recently renovated and largely extended this 4 bedroom family home is appointed to the highest of specifications coupled with tasteful interior decor and lies within the idyllic village of Barnburgh offering views of the church. The acco...
"**MUST SEE** On offer: a THREE-BED PROPERTY on a 3-ACRE PLOT with a KITCHEN-DINER, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS and SEVERAL OUTBUILDINGS including STABLES. Enjoys OPEN FIELD VIEWS. *CLICK NOW!*"
"A rather rare and unique opportunity awaits the buyer of this period detached house standing in approx 3/4 of an acre which includes a pony paddock, stables, plus an attached outbuilding which is commercially let to a veterinary practice."
"An impressive and spacious four bedroom detached family home boasting beautiful and consistant presentation throughout with generous gardens, large conservatory and detached double garage. The property briefly comprises of ; reception hall, cloakroom, study, breakfast kitchen, utility room, sepa..."
"Occupying a delightful village position; presented to an exceptional standard throughout resulting from a recent renovation programme, the building offers exceptional proportions which includes a stunning three bedroom apartment."
"A rare opportunity to purchase an immaculately presented 4 bedroom detached house occupying an enviable position on this sought after roadway within Bessacarr. The property in brief comprises; entrance hallway, cloaks/WC, dual aspect lounge with feature fireplace, family room, study/bedroom 5, c..."
"If you are looking for an abundance of space and a welcoming home you can move straight into then look no further. This superb property really has it all along with perfect, stylish presentation. This is sure to go very quickly so please book your viewing so as not to miss out. "
The Cignet - Semi-Detached - Three Bedroom - Two Bathroom - New Build
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 -TAKE ME TO CHURCH! This is a stunning family home set in the highly sought after village of Harlington - a beautiful place to call home! Boasting stunning living areas throughout & formal gardens surrounding with an extensive driveway & garage! CALL NOW!"
"Occupying a delightful village position; presented to an exceptional standard throughout resulting from a recent renovation programme, the building offers exceptional proportions which includes a stunning three bedroom apartment.
"
"This stunning detached property is a must view appreciate the size and space on offer. In a great village location with brilliant motorway access the property suits a variety of buyers wanting ample space inside and out, along with far-reaching views across the surrounding countryside."
"This sizable five double bedroom detached family home offers spacious, well-presented accommodation throughout. The property has off road parking, front and rear gardens, paddock and stables to the rear and additional outbuilding."
"This four bedroom detached property is located in a quiet cul de sac estate location in the popular village of Finningley and demands an EARLY INSPECTION to appreciate the family home on offer. The property benefits from additional features including solar panels, gas central heating and double ..."
"**PRIVATE GATED PLOT!!** FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM detached home now on the market offering spacious living, attached garage and off street parking. Situated on the popular Dominion estate and sold with NO CHAIN. **CLICK NOW!!**"
"A rare opportunity to purchase a well presented four double bedroom executive detached house. The property in brief comprises; inviting entrance hallway, lounge, formal dining room, stunning open plan kitchen/dining room with a range of integrated appliances, family room, utility room and cloaks..."
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 *** SUPERB PROPERTY *** *** STANDING ON A GOOD SIZED PLOT *** *** STONE BUILT DETACHED PROPERTY *** *** IMMACULATELY DECORATED THROUGHOUT *** *** MASTER BEDROOM WITH EN-SUITE FACILITIES *** *** REMOTE CONTROL GATES *** *** SET IN THIS IDYLLIC LOCATION *** *..."
"Hunters are delighted to offer this modern four bedroom detached property in a cul de sac estate location in the Village of Finningley, which lies on the A614 between Bawtry and Thorne and being six miles south east of the city of Doncaster. The village has amenities including Doctors Surgery, P..."
This three-bedroom detached Dorma bungalow is being offered to the market with no chain complications and early viewing is strongly advised to avoid disappointment. Having a large garden to the rear there is scope to extend the property further with suitable planning permissions whilst the accomm...
A great opportunity to purchase a 4 bedroom modern family home situated on this modern development. This spacious property offers a layout conducive with modern day family living coupled with quality fixtures and fittings.. Comprises: entrance hall with a herringbone detailed Karndean floor cove...
GREAT BUILDING AND DEVELOMENT POTENTIAL. Approx. 3.25 acres in total. - Three bedroom detached bungalow with two wide road frontages. Sought after village. Viewing Essential.
*3 SHOWHOMES NOW OPEN* The Ganton is the perfect family home! The Master bedroom fills the entire second floor and is complete with DRESSING ROOM and EN-SUITE.
"Spacious family home with annex set in sought after village location with superb canal views and on a generous sized plot, book your viewing now to fully appreciate this wonderful home."
"Tucked away in a secluded position, just off Sunderland Street, a uniquely styled barn conversion offering well proportioned accommodation throughout. Enjoys a great deal of original charm and character whilst being complemented with a modern interior. Single garage, further private parking, low ..."
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED on this extended large family home, the property benefits from good size living and benefits from 4 bedrooms, ensuite, 2 living rooms, dining room and conservatory. There is also a driveway, garage and good sized, well presented rear garden. Close to local amenities. "
Luxury four bedroom detached property available with the wow factor!  Call our Thorne Office now to arrange viewing!
"Substantial FIVE bedroom, THREE bathroom detached family house. Stunning living/kitchen/dining room, Lounge, Utility/study, Gym and large garage. Generous rear garden. Internal viewing essential to appreciate size and immaculate accommodation."
"An truly stunning family home appointed to a high specification offering vast accommodation arranged over 3 floors. Ideally situated with access to the A1 motorway networks, local amenities, nurseries and schools closeby. The fantastic accommodation comprises: hallway with storage, cloaks/wc, i..."
"A deceptively spacious detached family home offering well proportioned living accommodation set over two floors. The property occupies an enviable elevated position and is located within the heart of the desirable rural village of Braithwell, giving excellent commuting links via both road and ..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£425,000-£450,000. Situated in the Saxon village of Burghwallis is this charming and deceptive five bedroom three storey unique and characterful cottage which enjoys a delightful and generous rear garden on 1/2 an acre with superb elevated views to the rear over open countryside."
"GUIDE PRICE - £425,000-£450,000. Situated in this popular location of Scawthorpe on this corner plot position is this immaculately presented and extended four bedroom detached family home. The property benefits from having spacious living accommodation throughout and having a driveway with garage."
"A great opportunity to purchase a fantastic family home occupying an enviable position on this sought after residential road, Brought to the market with no chain and featuring a sizeable extension to the ground floor this property must be viewed to appreciate the accommodation on offer. Compris..."
"The Somerton is a stunning 3 bedroom home with block paved parking space and more space than meets the eye. A welcoming hallway leads to the spacious lounge, perfect for relaxing and spending time with the family. The hub of the home is the large open plan kitchen diner designed to create easy ac"
RESERVE TODAY - READY SOON!!!!!! Tucked away BEHIND Hatfield's Church you will find these two hidden gems. These are HIGH SPEC EXECUTIVE  Brand New FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS floor Family Homes are arranged over THREE FLOORS accessed via a private block paved road with all the nearby attraction...
Stonehaven is a spacious three bedroom detached bungalow offering an ideal opportunity for redevelopment along with the potential for development within the grounds subject to the necessary planning consents.
"NO UPWARD CHAIN.......Enjoying a lovely cul-de-sac position within the village, a very substantial 4 double bedroom detached bungalow with a lovely South-Westerly facing rear garden and a detached double garage."
"Guide Price £425,000-£450,000. Situated in Bessacarr on this highly sought after Warren Park Charles Church development is this five bedroom executive style detached family home. The property is tucked away on a cul de sac location with a beautiful landscaped rear garden."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website...Beautiful large family home in a secluded cul de sac ideally positioned and within a fantastic sc..."
"ONE TIME OPPORTUNITY OPEN DAY not to be missed if you're looking for your DREAM HOME
Sunday 30th April APPOINTMENTS ONLY"
"A vastly extended five bedroom detached family home situated on this ever popular residential development. Deceiving from the exterior, only through internal viewing can the size of this property be truly appreciated. Appointed to an extremely high standard together with an open plan layout this..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £450,000 *** Located in the heart of the Old Village a large stone built 5 bedroom, 2 bathroom detached house with a large 28’0 x 14’0 garage and a South facing rear garden."
This exceptional four bedroom detached family home is ideal for an extended or growing family situated on a generous plot. The property has a superb range of family living space.
"A SPACIOUS and MODERN home in Cantley, available CHAIN FREE ideal for EXECUTIVES or GROWING FAMILIES. Call for details!Bettermove are proud to present this 4 bedroom end of terrace house in Cantley, Doncaster available with no forward chain. The property benefits from double..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom detached bungalow situated on a corner plot and benefitting from no upward chain. The internal accommodation briefly comprises Entrance Hall, Kitchen/Breakfast room, Lounge, Conservatory, Livingroom, Three Bedrooms and Family Bathroom/shower/WC..."
"Offers in the Region of £420,000 This is an outstanding family home, located in an ever popular location, with easy access to Doncaster, the motorway network and local amenities. Briefly comprises; entrance hall, cloaks /WC, lounge, sitting room(office or playroom), formal dining room, qualit..."
"3Keys Property are delighted to offer for sale this immaculate 4 double bedroom family home situated on a larger than normal corner plot on this highly sought after development in Auckley, Doncaster. With an open plan kitchen and dining room, separate lounge and family study, this property has..."
"An extremely well presented four double bedroom detached modern family home providing spacious living accommodation with landscaped gardens, garden bar and open field views to the rear. The property comprises of a reception hall, cloakroom wc, sitting room, dining kitchen family room, utility r..."
We are proud to present this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.
Enjoying a substantial plot in a prime location this large three bedroom detached bungalow has plenty to offer buyers and is beautifully presented throughout. The property is set back from the main road boasting a very long driveway large enough for several vehicles. Upon entry you are greeted by...
"William H Brown Thorne are proud to present to the market this one of kind four bedroom detached bungalow in the heart of Thorne!! Boasting spacious living throughout, an acre (approx.) of land, off-street parking & double garage! Viewing by appointment only, essential to appreciate this property!!"
"£15,000 TOWARDS UPGRADES AND EXTRAS* The Belfry features bi-folding leading to the garden. The kitchen has a central island and there is a separate utility and study. *3 SHOWHOMES NOW OPEN*"
"An outstanding and extended four double bedroom detached family home boasting a sensational bespoke summer room opening into larger than average sun trap gardens. Comprising ; reception hall, cloakroom wc, sitting room, dining kitchen with open plan summer room, utility room, first floor landing..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£410,000-£430,000. This superb four bedroom detached family home is tucked away within a peaceful cul-de-sac in the popular location of Cadeby. The property has a generous rear garden, a double driveway and a double garage."
"Fantastic Four bedroom detached family home with stunning garden and integral double garage. Located on a quiet cul-de-sac only a short distance from excellent schools, local amenities, and transport links. Arranged over two floors, this property is an ideal family home briefly compr..."
"This spacious 3-bed detached property is certainly one not to be missed, offered with no chain. Situated in the extremely sought-after location of Old Campsall, close to all local amenities, transport links, schools, and colleges.  This property was previously the old police house and sti..."
"5 bedroom home. DESIGN-LED OPEN PLAN living. 2 LARGE BEDROOMS with EN SUITES and FULL HEIGHT TILING. DESIGNER KITCHEN, INTEGRATED APPLIANCES. "
Three Bed Semi Detached | Lounge Diner | Three Double Bedrooms | Enclosed Garden with Sun Deck | Garage & Off Street Parking Call to arrange a viewing today......
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Detached House - all interest and OFFERS are INVITED. *GUIDE PRICE - £405,000 - £430,000*"
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website...Lovely family home with plenty of space for all to enjoy.   The property is situated ..."
"**FANTASTIC** On offer: a WELL-PRESENTED FOUR-BED PROPERTY with GREAT OUTSIDE SPACE in a POPULAR LOCATION. Comes with TWO RECEPTION SPACES, an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN-DINER and more. **CLICK NOW!**"
"Reeds Rains are delighted to market for sale with NO CHAIN, this superb 5 bedroom detached family home, situated at the head of the cul de sac, in the popular residential area of Auckley. Three storey living, south facing rear garden, JUST MOVE IN CONDITION. Double garage, double driveway. EPC Ra..."
"## Immaculate Four Bedroom, Two Bathroom Detached Bungalow with a self contained Annexe ## You can move straight into this spacious, extended and beautifully presented four bedroom, two bathroom detached bungalow that is offered with no chain and is located in this quiet street with Quarry Park..."
A truly stunning 4 bedroom executive family home occupying a convenient position within walking distance of local schools and amenities including bus stop nearby. Built in 2021 this property has a show home feel with several upgrades and boasts ready to move into accommodation. Set within a pop...
"This fabulous extended four bedroom detached family home is located close to a wide range of local amenities and excellent transport links. The property offers spacious well-presented living accommodation throughout, off road parking, an enclosed open aspect rear garden and a garage."
"3Keys Property are delighted to present to the open sales market, this deceptively spacious 4 bedroom family home in Bessacarr, Doncaster.  This modern family home must be viewed to be appreciated and there is further scope for development as planning permission has been granted for a 2 s..."
"This gated four bedroom architect designed stone built detached family home is situated within grounds of its own with a range of spacious accommodation, an en-suite, a beautiful open plan living kitchen diner, a gated driveway and a double garage."
"GUIDE PRICE-£400,000-£425,000. A fabulous spacious four bedroom detached family home which is located in the popular location of Campsall. The property enjoys an enviable position on this desirable cul-de-sac and has pleasant views of the village church."
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED* Guide Price £400,000 - £415,000 - A simply stunning family home both aesthetically speaking and in the versatility, and size. It's not everyday you get to own the fairy-tale house with stunning views, private outdoor space, and oodles of charm and char..."
SUPERB EXTENDED DETACHED PROPERTY WITH LARGE POOL ROOM OVERLOOKING THE GARDEN. This is the perfect property for a family who like spacious living accommodation and it has the WOW factor with the large extension on the rear of the house providing an L-shaped versatile space perfect for entertainin...
"A rare opportunity to acquire a Victorian house, which has been sympathetically renovated and now provides a stunning family home with scope to improve. Located in a sought-after area of Doncaster, close to the city centre and its wide range of amenities, transport links and close proximity to DRI. "
"A beautiful detached family home set in a quiet cul-de-sac location in Edenthorpe. This bespoke home benefits from five bedrooms, a spacious family dining kitchen and a stunning garden that is a winner of the Doncaster in Bloom Awards. This is a truly unique home and early viewing would be recomm..."
Nestled in the popular village location of Norton is this beautifully presented four bedroom detached dorma bungalow with ample off street parking and a double garage.
"£400,000-£425,000. VILLAGE LIFE AT IT'S FINEST! Situated in this highly sought after village, this four bedroom detached makes the perfect family home. Boasting beautifully presented accommodation throughout yet still bursting with character & charm - Words simply don't do this justice - CALL NOW!"
"GUIDE PRICE - £400,000 - £420,000 Standing in delightful private grounds, amounting to around one third of an acre, this well proportioned detached bungalow has been individually designed and constructed to a high specification. Although in need of some upgrading, there is huge potential to furth..."
"**GREAT FAMILY HOME** On offer: a SPACIOUS FOUR-BED HOUSE in a POPULAR VILLAGE with THREE RECEPTION SPACES, THREE BATHROOMS, a REAR GARDEN and more. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED: **CLICK NOW!**"
A unique three/four bedroom detached family home which is situated in approximately 1/3 of an acre (not measured) in the sought after village of Barnby Dun.
"Nutwell Grange is our new development of two, three, four and five-bedroom homes in the sought-after area of Armthorpe, on the northeast outskirts of Doncaster.
With the M18 close by, giving an easy link to the M62, M1 and A1(M), this is a location that will make sure that you’re well-c..."
Superb Opportunity - SPACIOUS FOUR bedroom DETACHED dormer bungalow with substantial former CAR/MECHANIC GARAGE sold as a whole. FREEHOLD. Prominent main road position. VIEWING STRICTLY BY APPOINTMENT ONLY.
Reeds Rains are delighted to offer for sale with No Onward chain this three bedroom detached property which sits on a good sized plot located on a private cul-de-sac in the popular area of Conisbrough. EPC Rating D.
"A large 6 bedroom 3 storey detached family home having been stylishly presented with breakfast kitchen, spacious lounge, ensuite to the main bedroom, gas heating, double glazing, cul de sac position. The property briefly comprises ; hallway, downstairs wc, bay window lounge, dining room, breakfa..."
" ** OFFERS INVITED ** Offered for sale with No Onward Chain is this Beautifully Presented Detached Family Home set within the desirable and semi-rural village location of Braithwell. Occupying a generous corner plot position, this property has further potential to extend, with planning permissio..."
"Available with no chain is this spacious and well-presented three bedroom semi-detached property which is situated on the Skylarks Grange development. The property comprises of a modern kitchen/diner with integrated appliances, a spacious lounge with French doors that leads onto the l..."
"ABSOLUTELY STUNNING FAMILY HOME THAT HAS BEEN EXTENDED AND RENOVATED TO A VERY HIGH STANDARD. Positioned on Doncaster Road in Conisbrough, this sought after location offers excellent access to both Doncaster or Rotherham, plus it is also within a couple of miles of the A1M, so perfect for commuti..."
"An extremely well presented and spacious three bedroom detached bungalow with generous landscaped gardens and double garage, situated in a desirable and impressive location. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall, breakfast kitchen, sitting room, formal dining room, conservatory, three ..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available-Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... This stunning 3 bedroom bungalow on Clayworth Drive is a must-see. This spacious and well presented pr..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Why not take a closer, more detailed look around this beautifully presented five bedroomed detached family home in the enviable Warren Park via our interactive 3D Virtual Tour!  Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to..."
An impressive five bedroom detached home. A kitchen dining space made for entertaining. Combined with three floors of unapologetic luxury.
This property is around 400 years old so Early 1600's. Plot size circa 3/4 acres and has a swimming pool and 5 car garage. This property is NOT listed in any way! But would escalate in value if listed after thorough refurbishment!!*
"With over 200 square meters of accommodation on offer, this entirely renovated and extended property enjoys a large plot with non-overlooked views and a secluded feel. This property ticks all the boxes in a prestigious position on Station Road. "
"A well presented 4 bedroom family house in the sought after village of Tickhill, Lying within walking distance of reputable schools the accommodation benefits from downstairs cloakroom, spacious lounge leading into conservatory overlooking the rear garden, recently fitted dining kitchen. There a..."
"Guide Price £390,000 - £400,000 If you are looking for the next step up the property ladder this fabulous EXTENDED detached home would be perfect. Located in the ever popular area of Campsall. The property offers bags of space and would be ideal for a growing family. Call now to view"
"3D Virtual Tour Available-Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website..."
"Guide Price £390,000 - £400,000. A fantastic opportunity to purchase a large style 4 bedroom detached family home. Offering generous accommodation on a sizeable plot and lying within easy reach of local shops, schools and motorway networks this property must be viewed. Comprising; hall with cl..."
"Reeds Rains are delighted to offer For Sale this superb, extended three bedroom detached bungalow located within the popular area of Green Lane, Scawthorpe. Modern and immaculately presented throughout, briefly comprising of an entrance hall, open plan kitchen/living/diner, en-suite shower room,..."
"3Keys Property are delighted to offer this immaculately presented, 4 double bedroom detached property to the open market. Situated on this highly sought after development in Auckley, Doncaster, this property has open aspect views to the front and offers everything for the growing family. To vi..."
"A spacious and much improved four bedroom detached bungalow, extended to create superb family living accommodation within a sought after corner plot position with double driveway and detached garage. Comprising ; entrance hall, dining kitchen, lounge, conservatory, four bedrooms, ensuite and bat..."
WOW FACTOR! Looking for a large detached new build home ready to move into then this gorgeous property is for you. Sitting on a small complex of only 5 properties Plot 1 benefits from the highest quality fixtures and fittings throughout. Contact YOPA Doncaster for further information.
"This charming and characterised four bedroom detached family home benefits from having a kitchen diner, spacious living accommodation, en suite and home office. The property is tucked away with an exclusive private road situated in the heart of Auckley village."
"*3 SHOWHOMES NOW OPEN* The Merion has a wonderful open plan kitchen/diner with central island, integrated Bosch appliances and French doors leading to the rear garden. There is a spacious lounge with bay window and a separate, handy utility. "
"A rare opportunity to purchase a deceptively large four bedroom detached house sitting in a quiet Cul-de-Sac in a very popular area of Doncaster. Located close to good local amenities, excellent commuter routes and schools."
"FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY, GUIDE PRICE £380,000 - £410,000. A viewing is a must of this 4 bedroom character cottage with a double storey extension to the rear as well as a large outbuilding with potential for renovation. The deceptive accommodation offers; hall with cloaks/wc, through to sitting ro..."
"GUIDE RPICE £380,000- £425,000 - An exceptional 4 bedroom period semi-detached property located central to Doncaster centre with a host of amenities on the doorstep including, cafes, restaurants, schools, bus and train links. Having recently undergone a full renovation project this property has ..."
We are proud to offer this Three Bedroom Detached Chalet Bungalow – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.
***SIMPLY STUNNING***UNIQUELY DESIGNED***EXTREMELY ENERGY EFFICIENT RATING B***OWNED SOLAR PANELS ***SPECTACULAR VIEWS***CONTEMPORARY LIVING***NEWLY FITTED FLOORING THROUGHOUT***FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED MEWS***MASTER BEDROOM & BEDROOM TWO WITH ENSUITE***LUXURY BATHROOMS***CONTEMPORARY KITCHEN...
"WOW AN ABSOLUTE MUST VIEW! Sitting in a gated community away from the road, on the popular Dominion Estate is this immaculate four double bedroom detached home ideal for growing families. Sitting within walking distance of local shops, eateries and schools this home is perfectly placed for all."
If you're looking for space and versatile accommodation in a highly desirable area then look no further! Early viewing highly recommended to avoid disappointment.
"Guide Price £ 250,000 - £260,000 LET YOUR FAMILY GROW! This stunning extended detached home would be perfect for a growing family. With a stunning kitchen, sun room, en-suite and much more. Call now to view"
"A surprise package. A five bedroom home with over 2000 square feet of space. Ultimate flexibility for homeworking, lifestyle kitchen and beautifully intimate bedrooms. The standout feature is a 22 foot long lounge."
4 bedroom home featuring EXCLUSIVE designer kitchen. Open plan living with FRENCH and BIFOLD doors. Main bedroom includes EN SUITE with TILING.
"Guide Price £375,000-£400,000 - Located on a popular residential estate in the sought after area of Bessacarr is this spacious and ready to move into family home. Situated within easy access to Yorkshire Wildlife Park, Tickhill, Bawtry and Lakeside with excellent local amen..."
"Located in a quiet cul-de-sac in the popular suburb of Wadworth with excellent access to local amenities and a short distance away from Tickhill is this stunning and ready to move into four bedroom detached property, which is the perfect family home with stunning panoramic views over Doncaster an..."
"Looking for a brand new, affordable, energy efficient home? Then look no further. This fantastic new development built by Campbell Homes Ltd offers luxury family living offering five detached properties. Plot 4 is an impressive detached family home with garage offering a range of extras!"
"WILD THING - YOU MAKE MY HEART SING! Standing proud on this highly sought after modern development is this absolutely stunning five bedroom detached family home. Ticking all the boxes of family living with 2 en-suites, a drive, garage & a delightful lawned rear garden -NO CHAIN CALL US NOW TO VIEW!"
"CHAIN FREE.......Situated at the end of a private lane, a gorgeous individually built 11/2 storey, 3 bedroom detached bungalow with a double garage/workshop and private gardens."
"***A TRADITIONAL, SPACIOUS, STUNNINGLY PRESENTED SEMI DETACHED HOME***CORNER PLOT***FOUR BEDROOMS***ONE WITH ENSUITE***THREE RECEPTION ROOMS***MODERN BATHROOM & MODERN KITCHEN***DOWNSTAIRS WC/CLOAKROOM & UTILITY***LANDSCAPED PRIVATE REAR GARDEN***SHED FOR EXTERNAL STORAGE***HEAVY DUTY IRON GATES*..."
"Looking for a rare opportunity to purchase a fantastic detached new build property on a private development of only 5 properties? Look no further, this stunning detached home offers four double bedrooms, open plan kitchen/dining space and a range of stunning extras. Call to view or book online 24/7."
"** GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £385,000 ** A great opportunity to purchase this attractive four bedroom detached home which must be viewed to fully appreciate how much is on offer. Located in the picturesque village of Braithwell and available with no upward chain this one will not be around for long."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £395,000 *** A beautiful period styled 1 1/2 storey double fronted bungalow with a large rear garden and garage on this highly regarded and very desirable residential roadway."
"FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION ON 4TH MAY2023. ALL INTERESTED PARTIES ARE ADVISED TO DOWNLOAD A COPY OF THE LEGAL PACK FROM THE AUCTIONEERS regionalpropertyauctioneers.co.uk. ONLINE BIDDING WILL ALSO BE VIA regionalpropertyauctioneers.co.uk GUIDE PRICE £375,000+ A freehold development site of appox..."
"A spacious and well presented two/three bedroom detached bungalow situated in a highly regarded cul de sac position with sun trap rear garden, garage and off road parking. The property briefly comprises of ; entrance hall with storage, breakfast kitchen and entrance lobby, sitting room, three be..."
"**GREAT LOCATION** Three bedroom detached bungalow offering a detached garage, spacious living and a private rear garden. Located in the sought after market town of Bawtry close to many amenities, services and transport links. **CLICK NOW!!**"
"An outstanding four double bedroom stone built detached property situated in a very pleasant position boasting superb presentation throughout with corner plot gardens. Comprising of; Reception hall, sitting room, snug, ground floor cloakroom, open plan dining kitchen family room, first floor la..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... Well presented family home with nothing to do, just bring your belongings and move straight into. The..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a spacious family home, set within a generous garden plot, in a sought after village location."
"William H Brown Thorne are proud to present to the market this recently renovated home on an extremely sought after street in Thorne! Benefitting from stunning finishes throughout, off-street parking for multiple cars & integral garage, large private rear garden & much more! Viewing Essential!"
"3D Virtual Tour Available-Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... Excellent family home in a ideal location for local amenities and schools. Corner plot location w..."
"Reeds Rains are delighted to offer for sale with No onward chain this well presented three bedroom detached bungalow located in the most desirable area of Bessacarr. With double garage, driveway and mature gardens. EPC Rating D. Viewing Advised."
"GUIDE PRICE-£370,000-£380,000. Viewing is essential to appreciate this spacious accommodation offered to the market. Situated in the sought after village of Norton is this four bedroom detached family home which is close to local amenities and transport links."
"SUPERB DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH FABULOUS FIELD VIEWS AND BEAUTIFUL PRESENTATION THROUGHOUT. This lovely property benefits from stunning views and is positioned in a quiet location, perfect for a family in search of a more rural lifestyle. Accommodation is spread over three floors and offers fant..."
"THE PINEHURST features a stunning open plan kitchen/diner complete with bi-fold doors leading to the garden and a large lounge with bay window. Upstairs are 4 double bedrooms, en-suite and 4 piece bathroom. "
Families will adore this four bedroom detached family home with integral garage and classic design features. The large welcoming hallway has stylish double doors leading onto the luxurious living room with feature bay window that floods the room with light. There is a useful downstairs cl
"GUIDE PRICE £200,000 - £210,000 A fantastic opportunity to purchase an immaculately presented and substantially extended three bedroom semi detached bungalow situated on this sought after roadway within Armthorpe. The property in brief comprises; entrance porch, extended kitchen/breakfas..."
"This plot includes over £8,500 worth of upgrades and extras and is READY TO MOVE IN THIS SPRING* The Hamilton is a spacious home with 2 bay windows in the open plan kitchen/diner and French doors from the lounge leading to the rear garden. "
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a well presented and extended 3 bedroom detached dormer bungalow occupying an enviable generous plot on this sought after roadway. The property in brief comprises; entrance hallway, lounge with feature fireplace, fitted kitchen/breakfast room, formal dining ro..."
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £365,000 - £400,000*"
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED on this extended 3 bed cottage situated in this sought after area of Adwick upon dearne. This good sized property benefits from modern decor throughout, ensuite, large driveway, good sized South West facing garden and beautiful views for miles. "
HOUSE TO SELL? ASK US ABOUT PART EXCHANGE!* THE HAMILTON features a spacious open plan kitchen/diner with 2 bay windows and integrated Bosch appliances included as standard
***HMO WITH COMMERCIAL PREMISES*** A fantastic opportunity has arisen with this nine bed hmo complete with commercial premises. If you are looking for the perfect investment that has been maintained to a high standard with many long term tenants is situ then look no further. 
A striking five bedroom home over three floors. Quality and space throughout with a large lifestyle kitchen and garden views from a fabulous lounge. The master bedroom suite is simply awesome.
Welcome to Trundle Lane- a family home that's located in a secluded location on a large plot in Fishlake. Don't be fooled by how modest the property looks upon arrival as behind the front door is a home of perfect proportions with contemporary details on every level....
"Situated in a stunning position with open farmland views on the fringe of Tickhill, this brand new and beautifully presented four bedroom property provides high quality family living accommodation, boasting a wonderful open plan dining kitchen family room, separate sitting room, ground floor cloa..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... A stunning, detached, family home ideal for entertaining in the large open kitchen area, with se..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £350,000-£360,000 *** 3Keys Property are delighted to present to the open sales market, this immaculately presented, 4 double bedroom family home in Bessacarr, Doncaster.  Located just off Warnington Lane, the property boasts spacious living accommodation, a pr..."
This beautiful three bedroom detached bungalow has been extensively renovated throughout and offers modern and stylish living which would suit a variety of different buyers. Viewings are absolutely essential to appreciate this deceptively spacious and immaculate accommodation. Call today to view!
"The Kirkdale is a popular 4 bedroom home, designed for modern family living. Discover a bright open-plan kitchen, with dining and family areas and French doors to the garden. You'll also benefit from a separate utility room. There's also bay-fronted lounge providing great space to relax. Upstair..."
"4 bedrooms, DOUBLE garage, ground floor EXTENSION & outside covered BAR area what more could a family want? Vacant possession is available on this stunning 4 bedroom detached family home having contemporary fixtures and fittings, beautiful garden room, open dining kitchen, double garage and ..."
"** GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 ** ****ARE YOU LOOKING FOR THE PEFECT FAMILY HOME .....Then this property is a MUST SEE....**** This five bedroomed family home is contemporary in design and immaculate throughout and one can move straight in. Perfectly positioned on this popular development i..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... A beautiful 3 bed detached bungalow in a very desirable area of Bessacarr. This property has been ful..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... We have thoroughly enjoyed living in this large bright home for nearly ten years. Ou..."
"GUIDE PRICE- £350,000 - £375,000 This rare find four double bedroom detached family home provides spacious living accommodation throughout with mature and generous front and rear gardens, ample off road parking by an open drive and two garages. Ideal for a growing or extended family."
"3Keys Property proudly present this spacious 4 double bedroom detached property off Bawtry Road in Doncaster. Situated on a corner plot with a private rear garden not overlooked and a front open plan garden with double garage and driveway for additional parking. Offered with no onward chain, t..."
A rare opportunity has arisen to obtain this attractive self-build property located on a quiet cul-de-sac in the picturesque rural village of Braithwell. Beautifully presented both inside and out with a high specification finish and no upward chain. Early viewings are highly recommended.
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a charming detached cottage occupying an enviable position within the sought after suburb of Bessacarr. The property in brief comprises; entrance porch, lounge with feature log burning stove, formal dining room, fitted kitchen/breakfast room and shower room/WC..."
"*** PRICE GUIDE £350,000 - £375,000 *** superbly spacious property which has original features throughout. We were blown away as soon as we entered this property and you can immediately feel the grandness of it. Over three floors, the top being originally purposed as the servants quarters, there ..."
"PRICE GUIDE £350,000-360,000. Four bedroom detached property located in an highly desirable location and providing ideal accommodation for a growing family"
"A detached dormer bungalow located on the popular Tree estate in Bawtry. With scope for modernidation, there is plenty of generous accommodation. The property is situated on a sizeable plot with plenty of off road parking & a garage. Offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN this property is not to be missed!"
"Introducing The Hadley, a semi-detached 3 bedroom home popular with young families and downsizers alike. 
Step inside and you'll be greeted by a bright entrance hall with handy WC. To your left you'll find an open-plan kitchen diner with a utility room and French doors to the garden. On the right..."
This fabulous extended four bedroom detached family home is situated in this sought after location close to a wide range of local amenities and excellent transport links. The property benefits from having a good sized garden which is ideal for dining and entertaining.
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £360,000 LET YOUR FAMILY GROW! This delightful detached home offer space in abundance and would be ideal for a growing family. With the added extras of six bedrooms, conservatory, en-suite, good sized gardens and much more. NO ONWARD CHAIN"
Located in the rural village of Burghwallis with excellent access to the motorway networks such as the A1 and M18 is this spacious and well-presented three bedroom detached property with stunning open rural views. The property has been completely renovated by the current owners and is...
"9 INDIVIDUAL FLATS CURRENTLY GENERATING £46,920.16 PER ANNUM IN INCOME - Offered for Sale by Unconditional Online Auction opening 27 February 2023 - for more information visit auctionhouse.co.uk/lincolnshire"
An absolute must view offering more than meets the eye! This beautifully presented three double bedroom family home sits in a private and secluded position nestled away from neighbouring properties. Benefiting from modern kitchen/breakfast room and large open plan living space with log burner.
"MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE! This stunning detached home is located in this ever popular area and would be perfect for growing family. Having been done to the highest of standards the property offers spacious accommodation, double garage and much more. Call now to view"
"A traditional FOUR BEDROOM detached property offering huge potential to the new owners, providing spacious family living accommodation situated in a attractive position with GENEROUS GARDENS AND OPEN FARMLAND VIEWS. Comprising of ; entrance porch and lobby, sitting room, dining room, breakfast k..."
"The beautifully converted barn is the perfect family home offering ample space inside and out. The property also boasts beautiful periodic features such as wooden beams throughout. This home is situated in the extremely sought-after rural location of Skellow, close to all major transport links an..."
"Offered with no forward chain this three bedroom detached bungalow offers generous family living accommodation with detached garage, garden office and impressive gardens with off road parking. The property comprises of ; reception hall, sitting room, breakfast kitchen, formal dining room/snug, co..."
"***OFFERS IN THE REGION OF £350,000***HILLSIDE- A LARGE EXECUTIVE DETACHED FAMILY RESIDENCE! A superb five bedroom detached family home located within delightful grounds on arguably one of Mexborough's most sought after roads! Viewing essential to appreciate this truly impressive property! CALL NOW!"
"This executive style four bedroom detached family home situated on the head of a cul-de-sac facing a communal green and situated on a generous plot. There is spacious living accommodation with a ground floor wet room and a first floor bathroom, off road parking and a garage. No chain."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this stunning three bedroom detached property within walking distance to DRI, with a spacious garden and off road parking. Call now to arrange a viewing."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000-£360,000. Substantially extended four bedroom property located in a highly desirable residential area. Viewing essential"
****NEW TO THE MARKET...... A stunning three bedroom stone cottage in a picturesque village location.**** If you are looking to escape the hustle and bustle and are looking for a character property this charming cottage is a definite MUST SEE!! This quirky three bedroom stone cottage is situate...
"Sitting on this desirable road within this fantastic rural setting is this deceptively spacious detached bungalow with scope for extension! Sitting in approximately a third of an acre this property has private, enclosed rear gardens and a large detached garage with ample off street parking."
"REDUCED £350,000 - An opportunity to purchase a delightful 3 bedroom detached bungalow occupying a pleasant position on this sought after residential road. Appointed to a high specification and lying within easy reach of local recreational walks aswell as motorway connections this property must..."
"Guide Price: £350,000 - £360,000 .... Looking for the WOW FACTOR? Luxurious & stylish family accommodation on one level and ready to move into..."
Beautiful six bedroom detached property | Conservatory | Ample off street parking | Private garden to rear
"£1,000 monthly mortgage contributions paid for a whole year!. Available to view. Great location overlooking the lake. Includes Garage and Parking Space. Includes Intergrated appliances. Includes flooring package. Turf to rear garden. Window Blinds package. £1,000 towards legal fees PLUS MORE FREE..."
"*** VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED *** This spacious 4-bed detached property is certainly one not to be missed, Situated in the extremely sought-after location of Sprotborough, close to all local amenities, transport links and fantastic schools and colleges  Entering the property you step ..."
This beautifully presented two bedroom detached bungalow which is situated in the sought after location of Old Edlington. The property has spacious living accommodation throughout with fantastic views.
"A deceptively spacious 3 double bedroom detached dorma bungalow having quality fixtures and fittings, situated along this popular roadside, gas heating, double glazing, garage and gardens to the front and rear with a driveway. The property comprises of ; entrance hallway, dual aspect lounge, din..."
"Sensational family home in an outstanding and highly sought after estate. This contemproary and spacious home has an impressive frontage and plenty of kerb appeal with stunning stone construction, plenty of off road parking overlooking fields to the front. Stylishly finished throughout this prope..."
"The Radleigh offers bright and spacious downstairs rooms that are ideal for socialising with friends and family. From entertaining guests in the LARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN/ DINING ROOM to enjoying a book in the STUDY, you’ll love our multi-purpose rooms that adapt to your needs. 
With FOUR SPACIOUS ..."
"Wonderfully presented 4 bed detached house located in Doncaster, with a ground floor annex offering a 5th bedroom and separate living space Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Spacious and cosy living room wit..."
"Detached bungalow ccupying a delightful rural position on the fringe of the villages of Hatfield and Hatfield Woodhouse is this outstanding, family-sized extended three-bedroom, detached dormer bungalow. The property occupies a corner plot position with ample off-road driveway parking and a range..."
"RARE OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE A BEAUTIFUL DETACHED HOME ON A LARGE PLOT WITHIN BARNBY DUN. This fabulous property offers excellent spacious accommodation over two floors. A unique family home that simply must be viewed to be fully appreciated and the sought after village location sells itself, wit..."
"The open-plan layout of this 4 bedroom Radleigh home makes it ideal for socialising. An airy kitchen/diner with sitting area, French doors to the rear garden and separate utility room makes a fantastic space. A spacious lounge and handy study complete the ground floor. Head upstairs and find fou..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £340,000 - £360,000** - Early viewings are recommended of this well-presented and deceptively spacious Dormer Bungalow located in the ever sought after village of Braithwell. Having attractive views from the first floor, fantastic gated driveway and offered with no upward chain."
"GUIDE PRICE-£340,000-£350,000 This impressive and immaculately presented four bedroom detached family home provides spacious living accommodation throughout and an impressive enclosed south facing rear garden with ample off road parking and a garage."
"The Chedworth ticks all the boxes. The open-plan kitchen/family room is perfect for family time. There’s a living room, dining room, downstairs cloakroom and a utility room with outside access. Upstairs there are four bedrooms - bedroom one has an en suite - a family bathroom and a storage cupboard."
"Absolutely immaculate four bed detached enoying a lovely plot on a much sought after area of Cusworth. This beautiful and spacious home has an impressive frontage with new windows, and a stylish new composite door and garage door. Internally the property is wonderfully presented and has a separat..."
"This is the type of property you would normally see in a glossy magazine, in fact it wouldn’t look out of place on grand designs……a truly exceptional detached cottage in the heart of Warmsworth old village."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £335,000 - £350,000 *** Occupying a corner plot, including a long front garden a spacious 4 bedroom detached dormer style bungalow with ample parking and 3 garages."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £335,000 - £350,000 *** Beautifully positioned on the old village High Street, with fantastic elevated views over open countryside a 3 bedroom detached bungalow and detached double garage."
This is a rare opportunity on this much sought after roadway to become the proud owners of this four bedroom detached property that is a stones throw away from Cusworth Country Park. The property has an impressive frontage with a long driveway and beautiful stone built construction. Through the f...
"*	4 Double bedrooms with 1 ensuite shower room *	Excellent location*	Popular and well regarded village*	Short walk to the co-op, mill-dam and village amenities*	Large single Garage and off road parking"
"Fantastic Four bedroom detached family home with private driveway and good-sized garden. Only a short distance from excellent schools, local amenities, and transport links."
"** COUNTRYSIDE VIEWIS** Located on the outskirts of Edlington is this stone built FAMILY HOME. Briefly comprising of; an entrance hallway, lounge, dining room, study, w/c, kitchen and utility to the ground floor. To the first floor is a family bathroom and four double bedrooms one with en-suite. ..."
A four bedroom home with a welcoming first impression. A large kitchen dining space and a snug that wraps around you like a warm hug.
Need impressing? This home features LIVING ROOM with bay. KITCHEN with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and dual aspect BI-FOLD doors. Main bedroom with EN SUITE.
Includes 12 month mortgage contribution worth £6000! 4 bedroom home features OPEN PLAN living with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and BI-FOLDS. Main bedroom with EN SUITE.
Well presented four bedroom detached home in the highly desirable area of Lakeside. Early viewing recommended. Call Your Move today!
"Northwood Doncaster are proud to present this beautifully presented modern four bedroom detached house in the very popular area of Lakeside Doncaster, having great motorway links and a great array of amenities within walking distance.Viewing highly recommended, as this property wil..."
"If you are looking for an abundance of space and a welcoming home you can move straight into to then look no further. This superb property really has it all along with perfect, stylish presentation. This is sure to go very quickly so please book your viewing so as not to miss out."
"GUIDE PRICE-£330,000-£340,000. Looking to upsize for a growing family? Look no further. This five bedroom detached family home with three en-suite shower rooms and an open plan kitchen diner. Situated on this highly sought after development with a delightful enclosed rear garden."
"This stunning 3 bed terrace property is certainly not going to be around for long situated in the sought after location of Hatfield close to all local amenities, transport links, schools and colleges.    The downstairs comprises a large open plan lounge diner complete with log burne..."
"WHAT A PLOT! Standing on a corner plot this stunning detached home would be perfect for a growing family. With the added extras of two reception rooms, conservatory, en-suite and much more. Call now to view"
"*** GUIDE PRICE £330,000 - £350,000 *** EXPECT THE UNEXPECTED….from the front it looks like an ordinary semi detached house, but from the back it’s exceptional…..with a large two storey rear extension and an adjacent 2 storey detached garden building this property needs to be viewed."
This exceptional property in a prestigious street enjoys a very private and significantly sized plot. There is a large winding driveway large enough for several vehicles and the attractive frontage of the property enjoys a good degree of privacy allowing seating both to the front and rear of the ...
"UNEXPECTEDLY BACK TO MARKET ** GUIDE PRICE £330,000-£340,000 **In this sought after location in Branton is this well presented four bedroom detached family home which is close to local amenities and transport links."
Strike is pleased to present this property in Doncaster.
"This impressive four bedroom detached family home with en-suite shower room benefits from a range of spacious living accommodation with two reception rooms, utility room, conservatory and ground floor WC. There is a gated drive providing off road parking and a garage."
"This spacious four bedroom Show Home has an impressive entrance hall. Downstairs you'll find a large open plan kitchen with French doors to the garden and a separate utility. There's also a comfortable lounge, separate home office and some handy under stairs storage space. Upstairs you'll find a..."
"4 bedroom home features OPEN PLAN living, BI-FOLDS. Main Bedroom includes EN SUITE BATH & SHOWER ROOM. Plus GARAGE. "
"*** Guide Price £325,000 - £350,000 *** ""You know you've made it if you can get a house on The Sycamores"" is a phrase we have heard several times when speaking about this fantastic family home! This is a fantastic little estate which is like a little family or community itself, such a warm and we..."
"An excellent and modern 4 bedroom detached family home built by ""Harron Homes"", having contemporary fixtures and fittings, gas heating, UPVC double glazing and lovely gardens. The property briefly comprises of ; entrance hallway, downstairs wc, double doors opening into the bay window ..."
"**GUIDE PRICE 325,000 - 350,000** Situated in the sought after area of Bessacarr, on the outskirts of Doncaster comes this beautifully presented 3 bedroom detached family home occupying a larger than average plot in this popular suburb within walking distance of local school, bus services..."
A gorgeous contemporary styled 4 bedroom detached family house in the heart of Cusworth with a stunning open plan living/ dining/ kitchen.
3 INDIVIDUAL TWO BED APARTMENTS THE ULTIMATE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! OFFERING A TOTAL REAL RETURN ON INVESTMENT OVER TEN YEARS OF APPROX 120.5% !!
"A characterful 3 storey, plus basement, period style semi detached house offering substantial family living in this highly regarded residential suburb."
"Rarely does a superb family home like this come up in the ever popular area of Bessacarr! Needing some finishing touches including the fourth bedroom loft conversion but even so, this is a bargain for sure and is ready and waiting for you to make your loving forever home."
"GUIDE PRICE-£325,000-£325,000. This period and charming six bedroom semi-detached home is ideal for an extended or growing family. Situated over three storeys with three reception rooms, a ground floor bathroom, a first floor shower room and cellars providing useful additional storage."
"Proud to market for sale, this superb, double storey, extended five bedroom detached family home. Situated on a cul de sac within Bentley. Comprising Lounge diner, Conservatory, bar/games area, kitchen, utility, WC. En-Suite, Bathroom and Galleried landing. Generous garden, GCH DG, Driveway. EPC..."
"Having being internally re designed to provide attractive, contemporary styled family living, a 4 bedroom detached property, located in this ever sought after location. Briefly comprises; entrance hall, superb open plan living space, including lounge with feature fireplace, dining area and recen..."
ABSOLUTELY STUNNING - This amazing two double bedroom with two en-suite duplex apartment is situated in the much sought after residential area of Bessacarr. The apartment is situated behind secure gates with stylish living accommodation throughout. The property has a stunni...
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a deceptively spacious and well presented three bedroom detached bungalow ideally located within the popular suburb of Tickhill and offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The property in brief comprises; entrance porch, L'shaped lounge/dining room, fitted kitc..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£325,000-£335,000. This impressive four bedroom detached family home with en-suite shower room benefits from a spacious kitchen diner, a generous rear garden, ample off road parking and a garage. Situated close to a range of highly sought after schools, amenities and supermarkets."
"Beautifully Presented 4 Bedroom Bungalow located in Conisborough, Doncaster. Consists Of: Open plan well-appointed kitchen / dining room with base and wall units Bright and spacious lounge Two light and airy double bedrooms Two further well-proportioned bedrooms"
A superb family detached home in a sought after location giving access to a good range of amenities. We were impressed by the fantastic space on offer in this deceptive family home. Book your viewing as soon as you can so as not to miss out.
Located on a popular residential estate in the sought after area of Bessacarr is this spacious and well-presented five bedroom detached family home which is presented to a high specification and is ready for any prospective buyer to move into. The property comprises of a stunning kitc...
"GUIDE PRICE £90,000 - £100,000 MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE! This spacious two bedroom with loft area terraced property is allocated close to all the amenities and would be ideal for a first time buyer or investor. Call now to view"
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website..Lovely family home in a popular area of Doncaster.  Within walking distance of the property..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available-Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... This Lovely 4 double bedroomed detached house features a spacious kitchen, dining, living area plus se..."
"*O.I.T.R.O £325,000 * This STUNNING FIVE BEDROOM property located in the sought after village of Dunsville is a rare opportunity! Suitable for a variety of buyers with flexible living space and with in close reach of local schools, transport links and amenities. CALL NOW TO BOOK YOUR VIEWING!"
"GUIDE PRICE-£325,000-£350,000. Situated in the sought after village of Campsall is this spacious two double bedroom detached bungalow which occupies a generous corner plot with gardens to front, side and rear. The property benefits from off road parking and a garage. Available with no onward chain!"
"*** GUIDE PRICE £325,000 *** Sitting on one of the largest plots, with a private tree lined backdrop this extended 3 bedroom detached bungalow must be viewed."
"GUIDE PRICE-£325,000-£335,000. Bound to impress is this four bedroom detached family home which is situated on a corner plot and benefits from a double garage and two driveways. There is an open plan lounge diner and a study/playroom providing a range of family living space."
"A beautifully presented four bedroom detached property in ""ready to move in condition"", situated in an extremely attractive position, with attractive gardens, garage and off road parking. The property comprises of ; entrance hall, guest cloakroom, sitting room, open plan dining breakfa..."
"Includes 12 month mortgage contribution worth £6000! 3 storey, 4 bedroom home. OPEN PLAN living. Master with EN SUITE. DESIGNER KITCHEN, integrated appliances."
8.41% yield and 15.5% ROI. High-yield 5 bed HMO investment in Doncaster! 
"£1,000 monthly mortgage contributions paid for a whole year!. Available to view. Great location overlooking the lake. Includes x2 Parking Spaces. Includes Intergrated appliances. Includes flooring package. Turf to rear garden. Window Blinds package. £1,000 towards legal fees PLUS MORE FREE EXTRAS..."
"Lakeside location. Includes 2 Parking Spaces. Includes Intergrated appliances. Includes flooring package. Turf to rear garden. £1,000 towards legal fees. Subject to mortgage lender criteria and T's&C's.COME AND TAKE A LOOK AT CYGNET, LAKESIDE, DONCASTER.DON'T MISS OUT."
"Lakeside location. Includes Garage and Parking Space. Includes Intergrated appliances. Includes flooring package. Turf to rear garden. £1,000 towards legal fees. Subject to mortgage lender criteria and T's&C's.STUNNNG LOCATION OVERLOOKING THE LAKE.SHOWHOMES OPEN! FREE MORTGAGE ASSISTANCE"
3D Virtual Tour Available- This lovely detached five bedroom family home can be found on the popular Warren Park in Bessacarr. Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac with no traffic coming through. There are many walks around the area including deer that regularly run about. The back garden has b...
"A stunning bungalow in an idyllic village setting. Three bedrooms and a garden to make Alan Titchmarsh envious this property is quite simply ready to move in. Spacious to the interior and exterior, opportunities to buy such a lovely home don't come around often... EWE should come and take a look!"
"A RARE OPPORTUNITY HAS ARISEN THIS SPACIOUS THREE STOREY MID TERRACE. FULL OF CHARACTER, HIGH CEILINGS & CHARM. NO CHAIN - QUOTE SH0316
"
"VILLAGE LIFE AT ITS FINEST! Tucked away off of the beaten track in this highly sought after village location, this spacious three bedroom detached oozes with style & class throughout. Boasting stunning views to the front & rear, a drive & a summer house- this makes the perfect family home -CALL NOW!"
Old Post Cottage is a stunning restored three bedroom cottage lying in the historic village of Burghwallis. This popular village location sits within a conservation area with walking distance to local pub and sitting a stones throw from motorway link roads. Contact YOPA to schedule a viewing 24/7.
"Located on a popular residential estate in the sought after area of Bessacarr is this spacious four bedroom detached family home which is presented to a high specification and is ready for any prospective buyer to move into. The property comprises of a stunning kitchen/diner, utility ..."
"*** MUST BE VIEWED *** TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK! STUNNING 4 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME, NOT TO BE MISSED, IDEAL FOR GROWING FAMILIES, spacious accommodation, BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, gas central heating, double glazing, MODERN KITCHEN DINER / UTILITY, sit..."
Beautiful family home available with no upward chain..
This superb family home has been finished to an exceptional standard and extended to create an abundance of living accommodation for any family. The impressive and striking frontage has a gated driveway large enough for several cars and as you enter the property you are greeted with an opulent a...
A three bedroom family home located in the sought after and popular town of Bawtry. Sitting on an enviable and elevated plot with sizeable outdoor space as well as plenty of off road parking. This is a fantastic opportunity to add your own touch with the property having scope for modernisation.
A simply stunning 3 bedroom detached property offering ready to move into accommodation boasting over 2000 sq ft of living space (including outbuildings). Featuring a ground floor extension the beautifully appointed interior comprises; entrance hall with built in study area and underfloor heatin...
"Guide Price £250,000 - £260,000 WHAT YOU HAVE BEEN WORKING FOR! This stunning EXTENDED detached bungalow is for sale with no onward chain and is close to all the amenities. Call now to view"
"Occupying an enviable cul de sac position on a sought after modern development within Rossington is this immaculately presented four bedroom detached house. The property in brief comprises; entrance hallway, clams/WC, through lounge/ dining room, contemporary fitted kitchen/breakfast room with a ..."
This stunning FOUR DOUBLE bedroom family home in the popular village of Rossington is sure to grab attention so book your viewing today or take an online virtual tour.
"3Keys Property are delighted to offer for sale this stunning 4 double bedroom semi detached town house situated in the highly popular Lakeside, Doncaster.  The property is offered in immaculate condition with 3 modern bathrooms and a utility room. With a contemporary fully fitted kitchen ..."
"The four bedroom Kingham is an ideal family home, with generous rooms, a practical layout and integral garage."
"Lakeside location. Includes Garage and Parking Space. Includes Intergrated appliances. Includes flooring package. Turf to rear garden. £1,000 towards legal fees. Subject to mortgage lender criteria and T's&C's.PLOT 25 INCLUDES GARAGE PLUS PARKING SPACE.GREAT LOCATION OVERLOOKING THE LAK..."
"Lakeside location. Includes Garage and Parking Space. Includes Intergrated appliances. Includes flooring package. Turf to rear garden. £1,000 towards legal fees. Subject to mortgage lender criteria and T's&C's.FREE MORTGAGE ASSISTANCE AVAILABLE.DON'T MISS OUT."
"Occupying an enviable plot on this sought after roadway is this spacious three bedroom detached dormer bungalow. the property in brief comprises; entrance hallway, lounge to the rear elevation, formal dining room/bedroom 2, fitted kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, shower room, conservatory, ..."
"A stylish 4 bedroom detached family home nestled within the cul de sac with open field views to rear and woodland making this a very private setting, stylish fittings, contemporary decoration and double garage. Comprises ; hallway, downstairs wc, lounge with sliding patio door, dining room, brea..."
"BEAUTIFUL PROPERTY WHICH BOASTS SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION WITH LOFT CONVERSION AND REAR EXTENSION. This must be viewed to be fully appreciated, as it offers both excellent living space and bedroom space over two floors. It has been delightfully decorated and presented throughout to provide the perfe..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£315,000-£325,000. Situated in this sought after location close to local amenities and excellent transport links is this fabulous spacious three bedroom bungalow which has been upgraded by the current vendor. The property stands on a generous corner plot with off road parking and garage."
***SUPERIOR EXTENDED DETACHED FAMILY HOME***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***FRONT PORCH ENTRANCE***SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN LIVING***FOUR BEDROOMS***DOUBLE ASPECT MASTER WITH ENSUITE***MODERN KITCHEN & BATHROOM***UTILITY ROOM***GARAGE***LANDSCAPED GARDEN***HIGHLY DESIRABLE QUIET LOCATION***EXCELLENT...
"The Devonshire is an imposing 4 double bedroom property that boasts an integral garage. Its large sociable kitchen, dining and family area is ideally complemented by a separate utility room. Two bedrooms also feature en-suite facilities with the master including fitted wardrobes as standard."
"The cleverly designed four-bedroom, three-storey Richmond is perfect for families, big or small.Downstairs, this home's family-focused features are clear to see. From the hallway, the kitchen/diner with family snug is a brilliant social area that's for so much more than simply cooking a..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£310,000-£320,000. Occupying an elevated position in the sought after village of Campsall is this well-presented four bedroom detached family home. The property offers spacious accommodation throughout and benefits from fabulous gardens, off road parking and a garage."
4 Bedroom detached property in this highly desirable development within the popular area of Armthorpe. The property stands within a good-sized plot and offers spacious and versatile accommodation.
Preston Baker are delighted to bring this fully renovated seven bedroom licensed HMO to the market.
"The hub of this home is a FANTASTIC LIVING KITCHEN with room for you to dine, relax and cook. FRENCH DOORS lead to the garden providing the perfect entertaining space for the warmer months. Completing the ground floor is a spacious lounge and useful utility room. Upstairs are FOUR LARGE DOUBLE B..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... This Lovely well looked after three bedroom bungalow comprises, a kitchen, lounge dining room and sho..."
"3Keys Property are pleased to present this 2 double bedroom detached bungalow situated within the highly desirable village of Sprotbrough, Doncaster. This property is offered in good condition with a fully fitted kitchen and bathroom, spacious lounge and dining room and has no onward chain. Th..."
"GUIDE PRICE £310,000 - £320,000 This delightful semi detached home is located in this ever popular area and would be perfect for a growing family. Having gone through extensive refurbishment the property has a stunning dining kitchen, attractive bathroom and good sized gardens"
"Guide Price £310,000 - £320,000 WHAT A BUY! This stunning EXTENDED detached home would be perfect for a growing family and is for sale with no onward chain. With two reception rooms, two en-suites and much more. Call now to view"
"Proud to market for sale, this modern extended four bedroom detached family home. Situated within the popular village of Sprotbrough. Viewing highly recommended. EPC Rating C."
"Guide Price £310,000 - £320,000 JUST PERFECT TO MOVE IN! If you are looking for the next step up the property ladder this stunning EXTENDED detached home would be perfect. With the added extras of stunning dining kitchen, conservatory, attractive garden and much more. Call now to view"
**ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE INCLUDED** A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED two bedroom FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT with SOUTH FACING Juliet balcony within a desirable McCARTHY STONE Retirement Living Development for the over 60's in the market town of BAWTRY.
Preston Baker are delighted to bring this seven bedroom licenced HMO to the market.
Experience exceptional. This extraordinary home features OPEN PLAN living with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and FRENCH doors. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE.
"Property located in Buttermere Crescent, Lakeside, Doncaster"
An open plan four bedroom home with two en-suite bathrooms.
This traditionally designed 4 bedroom exceptional home has a dual aspect kitchen and family room with separate utility. The property has bi-fold doors leading out into the garden offering a peaceful space in which to relax. The separate dining room gives flexibility and can easily be transforme...
"£250 a month towards your mortgage payments for 12 months+ PLUS free flooring package and premium worktop, shower over bath, elite door upgrade & full height tiling, get in touch for more details
The Grainger - a beautiful four-bedroom home effortlessly combining family living ..."
"This 2-storey, 4-bedroom Pembroke could accommodate a large, lively family, and with room to spare. Enter the hallway and to your left find the sizeable study - ideal for those who work from home, the living room to your right, a staircase straight ahead, and a convenient downstairs cl..."
"Viewing is a must on this STYLISH 4 bedroom detached family home which has a DOUBLE garage. Contemporary fixtures and fittings and comprises: entrance hallway, downstairs wc, bay window lounge, dining room, study, breakfast kitchen, utility, 4 bathrooms, modern ensuite, bathroom, gardens to the ..."
8.53% yield and 15.5% return on investment. High-yield 5 bed HMO investment in Doncaster! 
A well proportioned four bedroom home with integral garage and open plan kitchen diner.
"A stunning four bedroom detached family home with private driveway offering spacious, well-designed family accommodation, built within the last 12 months!"
"This impressive four bedroom detached family home is ideal for a growing or family looking to upsize. There is spacious living accommodation throughout. The property briefly comprises: FOUR BEDROOMS with and EN SUITE to the master, and a family bathroom, lounge, dining room, kitchen, UTILITY and..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website...Sold with no forwarding chain is this spacious detached three bed bungalow.  The property ..."
"A stylishly presented 2 double bedroom detached bungalow having quality fixtures and fittings, vaulted living room, gas heating , UPVC double glazing, off road parking and lovely gardens. Comprises ; stunning kitchen, beautiful lounge and separate vaulted ceiling living room, two double bedrooms ..."
"*** Offers in the region of £300,000 *** IF YOUR LOOKING FOR A STUNNING FAMILY HOME LOOK NO FURTHER! Norman Road is a beautifully presented four bedroom detached property in the sought after village of Hatfield, boasting modern kitchen, a good sized lounge, four bedrooms and a detached garage!"
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around this semi detached property in the enviable location of Old Cantley via our 3D Virtual Tour! benefitting from a spacious lounge, dining room with a bar area, ground floor W/C, understairs utility space with space for a washing..."
"Unexpectedly back on the market. Reeds Rains are proud to offer For Sale this modern extended two bedroom detached bungalow located within the popular residential area of Sprotbrough. Superb open plan kitchen / living / diner, separate lounge, four piece bathroom, two bedrooms en- suite gardens..."
"GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - Land of approximately 2.67 acresOn the outskirts of a village."
"GUIDE PRICE-£300,000-£310,000. This impressive four bedroom semi-detached family home is ideal for a growing or extended family with spacious living accommodation which includes two reception rooms. There is off road parking, a garage and a generous South facing lawned rear garden."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... Lovely bungalow occupying a large corner plot with a main south facing garden that enjoys sun al..."
"Step onto the property ladder with Shared Ownership at Wheatley Hall Mews in Doncaster, with 5% deposits from £4,204.20*"
"PRACTICALLY PERFECT IN EVERY WAY! Standing proud in this sought after location is this executive 4 bedroom detached property. Boasting absolutely beautifully presented accommodation across all 3 floors, an en-suite, an extensive driveway & a delightful rear garden. Excellent family home - CALL NOW!"
"Simply too good to miss!!! Superb detached property set in sought after location, with no onward chain available for sale via the MODERN METHOD OF SALE, book your viewing today before its too late, fantastic opportunity for anyone looking for a superb family home or investment!!!"
"*** GUIDE PRICE £300,000 *** CHAIN FREE. Enjoying a prime position with an attractive open aspect, a modern 4 bedroom detached family house on this sought after Edenthorpe estate."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £350,000 *** With a frontage onto South End, Thorne this plot offers an excellent opportunity for a builder/ speculator/ investor. Where outline planning has been passed for 3 new detached dwellings and the demolition of the existing dwelling."
Located on a private and a quiet residential cul-de-sac in the sought after area of Norton with excellent access to local amenities is this spacious and well presented four bedroom detached family home. The property is presented to a high specification and provides ample living space. ...
"Take a look at this fabulous house. You will not be disappointed!! This excellent FOUR BEDROOM detached executive style home has it all, from spacious interior to a fabulous garden with bar for entertaining. DONT MISS THIS!!"
"Price guide £300,000- £310,000. EARLY VIEWING ESSENTIAL. This beautiful three bedroom detached bungalow is ready to move straight into. Offering three reception rooms and well equipped kitchen, three bedrooms (one with en suite shower room) and family bathroom. Private rear garden and single garag"
"A well presented 4 bedrooms detached property in the popular countryside village of Austerfield. Features include 2 reception rooms, a conservatory, a newly fitted kitchen and a double garage. The property is being sold with NO UPWARD CHAIN. Tenure - Freehold Description The..."
LAND of approximately 2.67 acres to the outskirts of Doncaster. The current vendors have used the plot as paddock land and any alterations would need to be investigated further. PERMITTED DEVELOPMENT to convert barn to B2 Industrial use - Planning Number - 20/02232/PRIOR.
"
***DORMA BUNGALOW***CUL DE SAC LOCATION***FULLY REFURBISHED***DETACHED GARAGE***AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING***FOUR BEDROOMS***TWO GROUND FLOOR BEDROOMS***TWO UPSTAIRS BEDROOMS BOTH WITH ENSUITES***MODERN BREAKFAST KITCHEN***CONTEMPORARY GROUND FLOOR BATHROOM***CONSERVATORY***PLENTY OF STORAGE***PRIVA..."
"A stunning and extended three bedroom semi detached home having stylish and contemporary fixtures and fittings, modern kitchen with numerous appliances, large rear family gardens and an excellent standard of internal presentation. The property comprises of; entrance, lounge, dining kitchen, sitt..."
"Guide Price £300,000-£310,000. Situated in Rossington is this exceptional three bedroom detached family home which is ideal for an extended or growing family. The property has a high standard finish throughout, landscaped front and rear gardens and ample off road parking via a driveway."
"A most impressive and characterful three double bedroom stone built end barn conversion providing generous living accommodation with stunning fixtures and fittings, garage and off road parking, fully enclosed landscaped rear garden. The property briefly comprises of; entrance hall, attractive ki..."
"ONCE A FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE, THIS FABULOUS HOME NOW BENEFITS FROM THREE SPACIOUS BEDROOMS AND A LUXURY BATHROOM. The property can only be fully appreciated via an internal inspection and offers any purchaser the WOW factor with numerous alterations and upgrades by the current owner, to pro..."
"A stunning 3 bedroom detached home (formerly 4) having contemporary fixtures and fittings, beautiful kitchen, ensuite and bathroom, gas heating, UPVC double glazing, south westerly facing rear gardens with nice views to the Town Fields and town centre. The property briefly comprises of ; entranc..."
A large family friendly 4 bedroom detached house in the PEFECT location. Boasting a large back garden and situated in a highly regarded Area.
"This EXECUTIVE STYLE detached home is nestled on an EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT and is offered at a VERY LOW START BID via the modern sale method where you can simply VIEW, BID AND BUY straight away!!! (call office for details)."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... Lovely family home in a sought after location with access to local amenities, the house can be found ..."
SUPERB DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS DETACHED BUNGALOW ON DONCASTER ROAD IN HATFIELD WITH THREE BEDROOMS AND LARGE GARDEN. This beautiful home is now offered for sale and provides deceptively spacious accommodation that should be viewed to be fully appreciated. Beautifully presented throughout the bungalo...
"Guide Price £300,000 - £310,000 MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE! This impressive and spacious detached home would be ideal for a growing family and is located in this ever popular area. With two reception rooms, four double bedrooms and much more. Call now to view"
"GUIDE PRICE-£300,000-£320,000. This superb three bedroom detached home is situated in this popular location in Askern. The property is beautifully presented throughout with spacious accommodation, off road parking with an electric car charging point."
A great investment opportunity for any potential landlords. This fantastic modern home is being sold with a sitting tenant and currently achieves a PCM rent of £1350 and has a yield of 5.23% (if purchased at the asking price) Get your viewing booked today so as not to miss out.
"Offering excellent potential is this Three Bedroom Detached Bungalow situated in the sought after residential location of Bessacarr and being positioned on a generous size Corner Plot. Lying within easy reach of recreational walks, motorway access, Lakeside leisure complex and local shops The A..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website...We purchased this property from new as our family needed the extra space. As our family is now older t..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... "
"*** O.I.T.R.O £300,000 *** A beautiful FOUR bed DETACHED property located in a quiet corner of Hatfield, perfect for FAMILIES and professionals! Close to local transport links, the M18 and M180 as well as local shops and amenities! CALL NOW TO AVOID DISAPPOINTMENT!"
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £300,000 - £320,000*"
"We are pleased to present this four-bedroom, detached property located in Braithwell. The property consists of – Lounge, Kitchen, Dining room, Conservatory, Additional room, Four bedrooms (one en suite), a Bathroom and a WC. This property offers light-filled, spacious family acc..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... This three bedroom property can be found on a quiet road with spacious light rooms, and a substantial..."
"Located on this beautiful suburban roadway, close to the town, a large period style 4 bedroom semi detached house offering spacious family living with an equally good sized gardens, and ample parking."
"3D Virtual Tour Avaialble-Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website...Larger than average modernised 3 bed detached home in a quiet cul de sac location with a private rear g..."
"£1,000 monthly mortgage contributions paid fora whole year. Was £303,995 NOW £298,995 - Saving £5,000. Available to view. Includes Intergrated appliances. Includes flooring package. Turf to rear garden. Window Blinds package. £1,000 towards legal fees PLUS MORE FREE EXTRAS!. Subject to mortgage l..."
"3Keys Property are excited to present this beautiful, extended and fully refurbished 3 bedroom family home to the open sales market. Situated in the highly popular village of Old Sprotbrough, Doncaster, with a large south facing rear garden not overlooked. The property benefits from many sough..."
"A fantastic detached family home benefiting from four double bedrooms, family bathroom and master en suite. The property is well presented and has off road parking, a garage and outside bar. This is an absolute must see to appreciate the front open aspect - call us now to arrange your viewing!"
ANNEXE FACILITIES & VERSATILE ACCOMMODATION - WORK FROM HOME SPACE. Easy access for wheelchair users. Money saving solar panels and NO CHAIN. Central to Bawtry with a short walk to a wide range of amenities. Viewing via the agent.
"Absolute WOW factor! This beautiful four bedroom semi detached home has been completely transformed and heavily extended to feature large open plan living with four bedrooms and potential downstairs bedroom five/second reception room. Boasting ample off street parking, viewings are essential."
"If you are looking for an abundance of space and a welcoming home you can move straight into to then look no further. This superb family home really has it all with superb lounge with feature vaulted ceiling, situated in sought after location, this is sure to go very quickly so please book your v..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £295,000 - £310,000 *** Built David Wilson Homes, this 3 double bedroom detached, former show house still looks stunning, just like a 'show house' today and therefore an early viewing is essential."
"An impressive four bedroom home featuring an integral garage and an open plan kitchen, with dining and family area."
A fantastic opportunity has arisen to purchase this deceptively spacious 4 bedroomed detached family home situated on a generous sized plot.This property is incredibly versatile and has the potential to be converted into flats as there is plumbing for white goods and a working kitchen on the firs...
"A substantially extended and impressive four bedroom detached bungalow providing spacious and versatile family living accommodation within a desirable position on the fringe of Rossington. The property comprises ; entrance hall with storage, sitting room, dining room, kitchen, generous bedrooms,..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... Burtonlees Court can be found in a quiet cul de sac in the sought after location of Bessaca..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... Take a look at this charming, three bedroom, semi-detached house in a super popular part of Bess..."
"Price Guide £290,000-£300,000. Four bedroom extended detached property located in a popular residential area. Viewing essential. No onward chain"
"PREPARE TO BE CHARMED! Standing proud on this highly sought after street in Conisbrough, extremely well placed for amenities, schools & motorway links - this 3 bedroom + study detached oozes with character & charm throughout. Boasting deceptively spacious & well presented accommodation- CALL NOW!"
"GUIDE PRICE-£290,000-£300,000. Ideal for a growing or extended family is this four bedroom semi-detached corner plot family home. The property has a through lounge diner, a kitchen diner, a versatile garage store, utility and downstairs WC. There is a landscaped rear garden and off road parking."
"Fantastic Four bedroom detached family home with open plan ground floor living, private driveway and good sized garden. Only a short walk from Conisbrough train Station, and local amenities. Arranged over two floors, this property is an ideal family home briefly comprising of: Gro..."
"PRICE GUIDE £290,000-£300,000. Beautifully presented family home offering two reception rooms, four bedrooms and a private rear garden in this highly desirable residential location"
"Welcome to The Haven!! A beautifully presented DETACHED family home in an enviable position. Filled with character, and ready for its next family. It could be yours!"
"A spacious four bedroom detached property situated in a wonderful cul de sac location offering beautifully presented family living accommodation with attractive front and rear gardens, garage and open field views. The property comprises ; entrance hall, open plan lounge, dining room, conservatory..."
"THIS FAMILY HOME OFFERS FOUR SPACIOUS BEDROOMS. This property is beautifully presented with open plan kitchen/dining area and master bedroom and ensuite. Viewings are highly recommended to fully appreciate this property. The property comprises of entrance hall, living room, kitchen/dining area, ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £290,000 TO £300,000. A viewing is essential on this deceptively spacious double story and rear extended detached dwelling which over the years has been a loving family home. The open plan kitchen / lounge and diner offers a great entertaining space with ample natural light provid..."
This four bed detached property set back on a prestigous and popular roadway in Cusworth ticks all the boxes for buyers. There is an ample driveway large enough for several vehicles and upon entry you are greeted with a generous entrance hall with traditional tiled floor in keeping with the chara...
"Guide price £290,000- £300,000. This substantially extended detached property offers kitchen diner, two reception rooms plus conservatory, five bedrooms and family bathroom. Private rear garden and off street parking. Located in this popular area"
"Guide Price £290,000-£320,000 - Situated in the sought after area of Tickhill with excellent access to local amenities is this stunning and spacious three bedroom, traditional semi-detached property which is an ideal family home. The property has been presented to a high s..."
"Hidden gem! This Hadley style three bedroom detached family home is situated on a highly sought after development at Lakeside benefits from an attractive lounge, kitchen diner with utility, an en-suite to the master bedroom. Ideal for a growing or extended family with a generous rear garden."
"
***FABULOUS FAMILY HOME***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS***MASTER WITH ENSUITE SHOWER ROOM***CONTEMPORARY KITCHEN/DINING ROOM***UTILITY ROOM & WC/CLOAKS***MODERN FAMILY BATHROOM***INTEGRAL GARAGE*** DOUBLE DRIVEWAY***CULDESAC LOCATION*** This fabulous family home, beaut..."
This fabulous reconfigured four bedroom detached family home is situated on this sought after development in Rossington close to local amenities and excellent transport links. The property benefits from having an open plan living kitchen and a separate dining room.
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... Located in a very popular part of Bessacarr this 3 bed link detached family home certainly ..."
"The Roseberry is a detached home with an integral garage and a living room with double doors leading to an open-plan kitchen/diner. There’s a utility room, cloakroom and three very useful storage cupboards. Bedroom one is en suite and the landing leads on to three further bedrooms and a bathroom."
"Sitting on a large plot nestled away in the corner of a quiet cul-de-sac location on a popular family estate is this fantastic four bedroom detached property which benefits from a detached garage, off street parking and ample living space. The rear garden is sure to impress and viewings are advised!"
"Oozing character , quirkiness and charm this astonishing period 5 bedroomed family home is a property that requires internal inspection to appreciate the extraordinary historic features this home has retained. The history of this home reaches as far back as 350 years and is a large part of Be..."
"£250 a month towards your mortgage payments for 12 months+ PLUS free flooring package, get in touch for more detailsThis superb 4-bedroom property set over two storeys and with its' own allocated parking space, offers masses of space to make your own. Enter into the hallway and find..."
This four bed detached property in an estate location in the village of Harworth was built in 2018 and will make an ideal family home for the next owners. Harworth is a village situated four miles to the west of the market town of Bawtry and ten miles south of the city of Doncaster. It has good...
"Occupying an enviable cul de sac position within the sought after village of Bessacarr is this extended 4 bedroom detached house. The property in brief comprises; entrance hallway, lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen, integral garage, four good sized bedrooms and family bathroom. Outside; front..."
****NEW TO MARKET**** If you are looking for the perfect family home where you can move straight in then this could be the one. This three storey four bedroom detached property is immaculately presented throughout and one can move straight in. it is been sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN for ease of pu...
"Spacious detached family home situated in sought after location on popular development, available with no onward chain viewing comes most highly recommended so book your viewing now as this will not be on the market long."
Set within this small development and close to Doncaster Town Centre and Amenities is this Beautifully maintained One Bedroom First Floor Apartment. Accessed from its own private staircase to the landing with storage. From the landing is the Open Plan Kitchen/Living space. The fitted Kitchen h...
Spacious four bedroom detached house in the desirable village of Rossington with double garage. Contact Your Move for your viewing today!
This recently renovated three bedroom semi detached property is positioned on a corner plot in a very popular location. The property is walking distance from the vibrant Bawtry high street with all its shops bars and restaurants. The ground floor of this semi detached home offers a warm spacious...
"A superb 3 bedroom semi-detached property occupying a sought after location within Sprotbrough village on a prime residential road. Offering ready to move into accommodation coupled with amenities on the doorstep including reputable schools, this property is brought to the market with no chain. ..."
"**GUIDE PRICE: £285,000 - £300,000** An immaculate 4 bedroom, 2 bathroom detached house with a fantastic landscaped garden offering ready to move into living."
"FANTASTIC DETACHED FAMILY HOME THAT IS BOTH SPACIOUS AND BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED. This superb property is positioned on a sought after residential estate in Edenthorpe, within walking distance of local supermarket and has excellent access to other local amenities/transport links. This house is sure..."
"Looking for a stunning new build home brimming full of extras including landscaped gardens, under counter lighting and tiled bathrooms? Then look no further. Benefiting from 8 years remaining NHBC warranty this home must be viewed to appreciate its spacious accommodation. Contact YOPA today to view."
"A wonderful larger style three bedroom detached bungalow attractively positioned within a sought after development boasting generously proportioned rooms, superb gardens, garage and off road parking. The property comprises of entrance hall with storage cupboards, sitting room, dining room, kitche..."
"The Ripon is a stunning 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME with a SINGLE INTEGRAL GARAGE. On the ground floor you'll find a spacious lounge, OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN and dining area with FRENCH DOORS leading to the back garden, a UTILITY ROOM and a downstairs WC. On the first floor you'll find the main bedroom wi..."
"GUIDE PRICE **£280,000 - £290,000** Finished with a wraparound extension to the side and rear, plus a conservatory, this now very large 3 bedroom detached house is perfect for a growing family."
Situated in the popular area of Harworth on the outskirts of Doncaster comes this spacious three bed detached property that would be perfect for growing families. This property has recently been renovated and is ready to move into!
"ONE A SCALE OF 1-10, THIS IS AN 11! We have no words for this stunning 3 bed PLUS loft room semi det other than WOW. Be prepared to be blown away the moment you step through the door - you really can tell the vendors heart & soul has gone into this - words simply don't do any justice - CALL US NOW!"
SOUGHT AFTER AREA - Large THREE double bedroom detached bungalow set within a large lawned plot in a quiet cul-de-sac. Spacious open plan living accommodation. Would make an ideal family home with great potential. Excellent M18/M62 motorway access. NO UPWARD CHAIN INVOLVED.
SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - Standing on a generous corner plot this THREE bedroom DETACHED bungalow offers great potential and would make a fabulous family home. With generous gardens and double garage there is also NO UPWARD CHAIN. Viewing Essential.
"Northwood Thorne are extremely proud and privileged to bring to the market this unique, one of a kind opportunity to own and reside in the very first Robin Hood themed housing development in the world.   "
"Offers in the region of £280,000. A substantially extended five bedroom, two bathroom property offering plenty of space for a growing family. Private rear garden and ample off street parking. An early viewing is highly recommended"
"Guide Price £280,000 - £290,000 WHAT A HOME! This stunning detached home stands in a cul de sac and would be ideal for a growing family. With a stylish kitchen, conservatory, en-suite and much more. Call now to view"
"A HOME TO MAKE YOUR OWN - Great sized MEWS PROPERTY TO A PRIVATE ROAD with a generous garden on POPULAR MARTIN LANE. With lots of SCOPE FOR MODERNISATION, this is a home you can put your own stamp on! Call today to view."
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Detached House – *Guide Price £280,000 - £300,000*"
"An outstanding traditional style semi detached property within the heart of Tickhill, boasting 4/5 bedrooms having been substantially extended to the side and rear to create a large and flexible family home with quality fixtures and fittings, off road parking and enclosed rear garden with worksho..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £280,000 - £290,000*** Don't be fooled by the exterior of this DECEPTIVE 3 bedroom DETACHED DORMER style BUNGALOW which offers surprisingly spacious and attractive living."
"Guide Price £280,000 - £290,000 THIS IS A TREAT! This delightful spacious semi detached home offers bags of space and is located on this ever popular and modern development. This is not one to miss out on call now to view"
"Guide Price £280,000-£300,000 - Located in a much sought after area of Scawthorpe is this modern, spacious three bedroom detached bungalow tucked away in the corner of a quiet cul-de-sac. The property comprises of a spacious lounge/diner leading to the orangery which benefi..."
PERFECT FAMILY HOME available on this sought after estate in Rossington. Great transport links for commuters via the new link road to the M18. Call Your Move for your viewing or take an online virtual tour today!
"A RARE OPPORTUNITY HAS ARISEN. Offered for sale with a no vendor chain is this desirable three bedroomed detached bungalow, situated in a quiet area of the village were properties seldom appear on the open market. The property is within walking distance to all local amenities, schools and bus ro..."
PERFECT FAMILY HOME!! Four bedroom detached house on LARGE corner plot is a must for a viewing just to appreciate the size of the property inside and out!!CALL NOW ON ...
"3D Virtual Tour Available-Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... Previously a 2 bedroom, one bathroom property, this bungalow has been extended and modernised and now ..."
Unique three bedroom detached house ideally located for canal side walks and Thorne town centre. Call Your Move today or take an online virtual tour!
"3D Virtual Tour Available-Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... One of a kind, very attractive 3 bedroom detached bungalow, occupying an enviable position down a..."
"The Clayton Corner features an open-plan kitchen diner and impressive living room with French doors opening into the garden, a utility room, WC and storage cupboard. Upstairs you'll find three bedrooms, including a large en suite bedroom one, a family-sized bathroom and handy storage cupboard."
"Sitting within walking distance of all local amenities, schools and shops is this large detached family residence sitting on a fantastic sized corner plot offering so much potential for a variety of buyers to add their own stamp. Benefiting from a double garage, off street parking and four beds!"
"£10k price reduction, £1.4k towards your legal fees PLUS upgraded Premium kitchen and integrated appliances And FREE Flooring package, get in touch for more details...This superb 4-bedroom property set over two storeys and with its' own allocated parking space, offers masses of spa..."
"+Mortgage subsidy to be paid up to a maximum value as specified at plot level, available on our selected new build homes only, full amount to be paid on completion Please contact one of our sales consultants for details of which homes are covered, the amount of the cash back ..."
" £99 RESERVATION FEE. Families will adore this modern, double fronted, three bedroom detached home with charming style, space and high quality throughout. The large, welcoming hallway leads to the light and airy, luxuriously appointed living ro"
"This spacious and well presented three double bedroom, two bathroom family home was individually designed and built is 2010. The property occupies a large plot with the accommodation comprising: Entrance hall, lounge, study/family room, downstairs wc and a large open plan kitchen/dining/family r..."
"Reeds Rains are delighted to market for sale, this wonderful three bedroom detached family home, situated within the popular residential area of Bessacarr. GCH DG Gardens Viewing Highly recommended EPC Rating D."
"Hunters are delighted to bring this well-presented detached bungalow to market with NO CHAIN located in the Village of Blaxton situated to the north of Finningley on the A614 , with amenities including shops, garden centre, parks, public houses and is close to Doncaster Robin Hood airport and th..."
"*** PART EXCHANGE AVAILABLE ON THIS PROPERTY - VIRTUAL VIEWING ALSO NOW AVAILABLE !!! call for further details*** READY FOR IMMEDIATE OCCUPANCY, TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK*** FREE MORTGAGE ADVICE AVAILABLE ON THIS PROPERTY *** LOVELY 3 BEDROOM DETACHED..."
This impressive three bedroom bay fronted detached bungalow is situated in an elevated position with ample range of off road parking by a double gated driveway and garage. Positioned in this highly sought after area with an enclosed rear garden and benefiting from a range of privacy and screening.
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... This lovely bungalow has been loving looked after over the years and can be found in the sought after..."
"This immaculately presented spacious and deceptive three double bedroom three storey semi-detached family home with integral garage provides spacious living accommodation with a first floor lounge with Juliet balcony, open plan kitchen living diner and en-suite shower room."
"***£275,000*** A well presented THREE BEDROOM DETACHED property in the desirable village of Hatfield! Comrpising of an en suite, ample of road parking, plenty of light and airy living space all with in easy reach of local amenities and transport links! CALL NOW FOR MORE INFO!"
"**PERFECT FAMILY HOME!!** Four double bedroom detached home now on the market located in a sought after part of Doncaster. This property includes a private rear garden, garage, conservatory and several receptions rooms. **CLICK NOW!!**"
"William H Brown Thorne are proud to present to the market this STUNNING four bedroom detached family home on a popular street in Thorne!! Benefitting from off-street parking, garage, utility room, downstairs w/c & master bedroom with en-suite. Viewing essential to appreciate this fabulous home!!"
Modern shaker style kitchen | Close to local amenities | Family bathroom with roll top bath | Modern shaker style kitchen
"This very spacious and well presented four double bedroom, two bathroom, non estate detached family home is offered with no onward chain and has panoramic views to the front over open countryside. Agents Note: Internal photos to follow with the first viewings to take place from Tuesday 3rd May a..."
"Beautifully decorated 4 bedroom semi-detached family home, extended to provide a wonderful open space living area on the ground floor."
"** READY FOR IMMEDIATE OCCUPATION **, a completely REFURBISHED and EXTENDED 3/4 BED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE with GARAGE and WORKSHOP.SUMMERHOUSE, located in the old Village of Sprotborough."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website...  Large corner private plot in a quiet cul-de-sac with fantastic neighbours.  "
"Unique Opportunity to build your own home inTickhill. Modern Open Plan living with three double bedrooms all with ensuite and the master having a dressing room. Semi rural plot with good sized gardens and plenty of parking, a viewing is highly recommended to appreciate the setting."
Approx 4.5 acres - Set amongst a mix of both residential and commercial properties this plot of land was previously attached to a horticultural business and was utilised by the vendors. A site visit is recommended to appreciate the area & the surroundings. Great Motorway Links for a business venture
"The Windermere is a fabulous FOUR BEDROOM detached home with an INTEGRAL GARAGE. The property features a spacious lounge leading through to a dining room with FRENCH DOORS. You will find an OPEN-PLAN kitchen with a separate utility room attached. 
On the first floor you will find four double bedr..."
"Occupying an enviable corner cul de sac position on this sought after roadway within Bessacarr is this three bedroom detached bungalow which is offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The property in brief comprises; entrance hallway, lounge/dining room, contemporary fitted kitchen, conservatory e..."
"**GUIDE PRICE: £275,000 - £285,000** NO CHAIN……….Enjoying a large corner plot with a huge amount of potential, this 3 bedroom detached bungalow is sure to appeal."
"Looking for a quirky and characterised feature home? Look no further. This three bedroom semi-detached unique cottage is bound to impress with three reception rooms with period features, a utility room, a ground floor WC and a variety of spacious living accommodation."
INTERNAL VIEWING ESSENTIAL to appreciate the SPACE AND STYLE of this attractive 3/4 bedroom detached chalet styled house.
"Light flows into this bright, airy family home through oversized windows. The LARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN is ideal for modern living with a dining area that has FRENCH DOORS leading to the SOUTH FACING GARDEN and a separate utility room. A spacious lounge is the perfect place for all the family to re..."
"THIS LOVELY DETACHED BUNGALOW IN THE SOUGHT AFTER VILLAGE OF NORTON OFFERS THREE SPACIOUS BEDROOMS. A beautiful detached home that has been updated to a fabulous standard with stunning kitchen and shower room fittings. The property in brief comprises of entrance hallway, L-shaped open plan living..."
"The Balmoral is a stunning 3 bedroom detached home with the added benefit of a single detached garage and parking. A roomy hallway leads to the spacious lounge, perfect for relaxing and spending time with the family. The hub of the home is the large open plan kitchen diner and additional utility"
A modern home with a layout perfectly suited to busy family life. Enjoy family meals in the open-plan dining kitchen with French doors leading out to the garden. Tucked away there is a separate utility space and downstairs cloakroom. Upstairs there are 4 double bedrooms including the main with en...
This three bedroom detached bungalow is situated in this location of Bessacarr and benefits from ample off road parking and front and rear gardens. A not to be missed opportunity!
"This incredibly bright and spacious family home is only 18 months old, with four double bedrooms, a great kitchen diner and 2 reception rooms and that all important garage . Located off the Great Yorkshire way and easy access to the M18 & A1."
"POTENTIAL ANNEX LIVING, VIEWING A MUST. This beautiful 4/5 bedroom detached is brought to the market with no chain and offers ready to move into accommodation. The property benefits from a converted garage which then offers ideal annex living with a 5th bedroom/second sitting room to ground flo..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£270,000-£280,000. This spacious three bedroom detached bungalow is ideal for ground floor living and retirement living. Situated on a generous plot with a South-East facing rear garden, ample off road parking by a gated drive and garage. Available with no onward chain."
"FABULOUS PROPERTY THAT HAS BEEN EXTENDED TO THE SIDE, REAR AND ALSO HAS A BEAUTIFUL MASTER BEDROOM WITH ENSUITE IN THE LOFT SPACE. This will impress all purchasers with the stylish finish throughout, very spacious accommodation for a bungalow and the high quality fixtures and fittings. The proper..."
"£270,000 to £280,000 Hunters are privileged to welcome this absolutely stunning four bedroom, three story semi-detached property oodled with character situated in the highest demand location of Doncaster. With a variety to do within easy reach of schools maintaining their high standard Ofsted..."
"GUIDE PRICE £270,000-£280,000. This spacious four bedroom detached family home is situated in the heart of Finningley village and is ideal for growing families. The property has front and rear gardens, off road parking and a garage."
Originally a two double bedroom detached bungalow which has been totally refurbished and reconfigured to create a stunning and unique one bedroom bespoke property offering brand new high quality fixtures and fittings throughout. (It could easily be converted back to a 2 bed) Comprising of: ent...
"We are proud to present this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £270,000 - £290,000*"
  This attractive 3 bedroom detached family home sits on a substantial plot and is nestled in a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought-after area of Barnby Dun. It is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools).   The property brie...
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... This lovely three bedroom detached home has views across fields and is close to local amenities ..."
STUNNING FOUR bedroom DETACHED house. Modern fitted kitchen. New bathroom and en-suite. New UPVC double glazing (2022) and New central heating boiler (2020). Open field views to the rear. VIEWING ESSENTIAL.
"Guide Price £270,000-290,000 Located on a spacious corner plot is this stunning 18th century period property which provides ample living space both internally and externally and has the potential to be a stunning family home. The property comprises of an entrance hal..."
"WOW!! DO NOT MISS OUT ON THIS THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME OFFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO CHAIN!! A beautiful family home which is completed to the highest standard throughout with a modern and welcoming interior! Comprising in brief; Entrance hallway, integrated garage, large open- plan..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£270,000-£280,000. This four bedroom semi-detached family home benefits from a breakfast kitchen, three reception rooms and an en-suite to the master bedroom. The property has a generous enclosed rear garden and a superb block paved driveway providing ample off road parking."
"***GUIDE PRICE £270-280,000*** ***Superb Detached Bungalow***Perfect for Retirees or Families ***
***Three Bedrooms***Lounge/Dining Room***Kitchen/Breakfast Room***Fitted Bathroom***
***Front and Enclosed Rear Garden******Detached Garage***Easy access to The A1*** Detached three bedroom bungalo..."
"This well presented three bedroom detached family home which has a pleasant outlook to the front and a larger than average garden to the rear. The property benefits from a garage, close to local amenities and is a perfect family home."
"Situated in a pleasant position this larger style four bedroom semi detached property offers generous living accommodation, sizable gardens, a large and impressive garden studio, garage and additional out building. The property comprises ; reception hall, dining breakfast kitchen, utility room, ..."
"TUCKED AWAY BEHIND ELECTRIC GATES, THIS FABULOUS FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE HAS PLENTY TO OFFER. Beautifully presented throughout with fantastic family space available and should be viewed to be fully appreciated. This well proportioned home is situated on Cow House Lane in Armthorpe occupying a..."
"3 Bedroom semi-detached property within the popular village of Braithwell. The property stands within a good-sized plot and offers spacious and versatile accommodation with great views to the rear. The location allows easy commuter access to the Yorkshire region with a full range of amenities, facil"
"A stylish and modern 3 double bedroom 3 storey mid town house having open dining kitchen, ensuite to the main bedroom, contemporary decorative, gas heating, double glazing and garage. The property comprises of an entrance hallway, downstairs wc, open dining kitchen, study, first floor, lounge wi..."
"4 Bedroom detached property in this highly desirable development within the popular village of Armthorpe. The property stands within a good-sized plot and offers spacious and versatile accommodation. The location allows easy commuter access to the Yorkshire region with a full range of amenities, fac"
"***FABULOUS DETACHED FAMILY HOME***CONTEMPORARY LIVING***FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS***MASTER WITH ENSUITE SHOWER ROOM***ACCOMMODATION OVER THREE STOREYS***SPACIOUS LOUNGE/DINER***STUNNING KITCHEN WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES***GARDEN ROOM*** Built in 2017, with 5 years remaining on the NHBC certificate...."
"The canopy entrance gives this attractive 3 bedroom family home an instant mark of distinction. The entrance hall becomes the heart of the home leading to the large kitchen diner with French doors and a separate L-shaped living room offering ample space and comfort.
The first floor boasts three ..."
"A MODERN & SPACIOUS DETACHED PROPERTY benefiting from a STUNNING REAR GARDEN, FOUR GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS, kitchen diner, lounge FAMILY BATHROOM & ENSUITE. Ideally located for amenities & commuter links, MOTIVATED VENDORS, BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT - CALL US NOW TO ARRANGE YOUR VIEWING!!"
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... Welcome to Mappin Lodge. This stunning 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom detached home is located in th..."
"TRADITIONAL SEMI located to popular TICKHILL. An opportunity to purchase this lovely FAMILY HOME, with scope to modernise. PLENTY OF OUTDOOR SPACE along with with a generous DRIVEWAY and a spacious garden. SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION."
"This beautiful four bedroom detached property in Cusworth is perfect for a growing family and ticks all the boxes including downstairs WC, en suite, four bedrooms and lovely enclosed garden offering privacy. As well as substantial living accommodation the property also has off road parking and ga..."
EARLY VIEWING is recommended for this modern bungalow which has been improved and extended by the current owner with the addition of a Garage and a Conservatory amongst other internal refinements. Situated in a quiet cul de sac off the main road through Austerfield the property briefly comprises...
Situated in this popular location is this fabulous four bedroom detached family home which occupies a corner plot with spacious well-presented accommodation throughout. The property must be viewed to appreciate.
***NOT TO BE MISSED*** This excellent three bedroom detached dormer bungalow situated in a sought after area of Mexborough. Ideal for any growing family and close to local shops and amenities and a short drive to local bus and train stations.
"The Windermere is a fabulous FOUR BEDROOM detached home with an INTEGRAL GARAGE. This home features a spacious lounge leading through to a dining room with FRENCH DOORS to the SOUTH EAST FACING GARDEN. You will find an open-plan kitchen with a separate utility room attached. 
On the first floor y..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£265,000-£275,000. This four bedroom detached home is bound to impress, positioned within the upcoming sought after park edge development. The property provides a range of stylish living accommodation and a landscaped rear garden."
"***DETACHED FAMILY HOME***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***THREE BEDROOMS***CONSERVATORY***SEPARATE DINING ROOM***LUXURY FAMILY BATHROOM***MODERN KITCHEN***DETACHED GARAGE & PARKING***LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN***SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION*** Fabulous detached family home, beautifully presented through..."
"The Kennet is a modern four-bedroom, three-storey home. Featuring an open plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading into the garden, a handy utility room and front-aspect living room. The first floor has three bedrooms and on the second floor there’s an impressive bedroom one with en suite."
"£10,000 CASH BACK ON THIS PLOT* Split over three storeys, the Ellerston is a perfectly balanced town house. Downstairs is a fully integrated kitchen and an airy, spacious lounge/diner with Velux windows and French doors leading to the rear garden. *3 SHOWHOMES NOW OPEN*"
"This 4 BEDROOM HOME includes a spacious OPEN-PLAN kitchen/ diner with FRENCH DOORS to the garden.  A bright and airy lounge, cloakroom and extra storage space complete the ground floor.  Upstairs you'll find an EN SUITE main bedroom, a second double bedroom, 2 single bedrooms and a family bathroom."
" £99 RESERVATION FEE. This stylish, three bedroom detached home offers the best in modern day living for families that want comfort and style. The welcoming hallway leads to the light and airy, luxuriously appointed living r"
"5% DEPOSIT BOOST* The Goodwood is a lovely 3 bedroom semi detached home. Both the lounge (with French doors), and dining/kitchen run the full depth of this desirable home. Upstairs there are 3 double bedrooms, with the master bedroom featuring an en-suite shower room."
"GREAT LOCATION ON STATION ROAD IN HATFIELD, THIS DETACHED DWELLING OFFERS A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME. Positioned in a sought after location within DN7, an internal inspection of this property is highly recommended to fully appreciate the accommodation. Stylishly presented throughout, the property in..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£260,000-£270,000. This impressive three bedroom triple fronted detached bungalow is ideal for retirement or ground floor living with spacious living accommodation throughout including two reception rooms. The property has ample off road parking and is available with no onward chain."
"A superb 4 bedroom family home occupying a pleasant spot on this popular modern development. Lying within easy reach of superstores, motorway networks, bus routes this property must be viewed. Comprises: hall, cloaks/wc, lounge with fireplace and twin doors to open plan living kitchen with ampl..."
Stunning four bedroom detached property available!  Call our Thorne Office now to arrange a viewing. 
"4 Bedroom detached property in this highly desirable development within the popular village of Balby. The property stands within a good-sized plot and offers spacious and versatile accommodation. The location allows easy commuter access to the Yorkshire region with a full range of amenities, facilit"
"Situated on a corner position in the sought after village of Finningley is this spacious two/three bedroom detached bungalow which is offered to the market with no onward chain. The property has gardens to the front, side and rear, off road parking and a garage."
"Guide Price £260,000-£270,000. This stunning tucked away two bedroom detached family bungalow is situated on a corner plot. The property has a superb open plan kitchen with a focal island and breakfast bar, a stylish lounge and a spacious bespoke double shower room ."
"STUNNING and SPACIOUS FOUR bedroom semi-detached house. Formal lounge, living/kitchen/diner, home office/dining room and two bathrooms. Perfect family sized home with generous garden. Viewing essential to appreciate space. Popular residential estate."
This well-presented three bedroom semi-detached family home is situated in the sought after location in Sprotbrough village close to local amenities and transport links. The property is situated on a generous plot with front and rear gardens and off road parking.
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... ""We have only lived here for 18 months but felt at home as soon as we arrived. It's a lovely fam..."
"Guide Price £260,000- 270,000. Situated in this highly sought after development. is this Venice style four bedroom detached family home has an open plan kitchen diner with a rear aspect lounge. The property benefits fro French doors leading out to the landscaped and beautifully designed rear garden."
SPACIOUS FOUR bedroom DETACHED dormer bungalow with private gardens and gated driveway. Spacious lounge plus dining room and kitchen. En-suite shower and family bathroom. Close to shops and facilities. Ideal family home. 
VIEWING ESSENTIAL - Much larger than you think. THREE DOUBLE bedroom DETACHED dormer bungalow with family bathroom & En-suite. 23' kitchen/diner and 23' lounge. Driveway & Brick garage. Private gardens. Perfect family sized home.
"*** GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £270,000 *** MUST BE VIEWED..... Built by Strata, this nicely proportioned 4 bedroom detached family home sits on this well regarded estate North of Doncaster."
"Includes 12 month mortgage contribution worth £6000! Experience exceptional living with The Lockbridge! With INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and BIFOLD doors. The main bedroom includes an ENSUITE SHOWER ROOM. More home to begin with, more of what you really want to be included in the price."
"GUIDE PRICE-£230,000-£240,000. looking for an extended long term family home? Look no further. This three bedroom semi-detached family home is situated in this highly sought after area and is available with no onward chain. Benefiting from two reception rooms, a breakfast kitchen and a conservatory."
"The Leicester is a four-bedroom practical family home. It features an open-plan kitchen/dining room, a light-filled living room with French doors leading into the garden. The first floor has three good-sized bedrooms and a family bathroom. On the top floor, bedroom one has the bonus of an en suite."
"3Keys Property are delighted to offer this 3 double bedroom detached family home to the open sales market. Situated on this new development in Bessacarr, Doncaster, this property benefits from a lounge, fully fitted kitchen/diner, utility room, wc and master bedroom with ensuite. There is a de..."
"This attractive 4 bedroom townhouse nestled in a quiet new build estate would be ideal for first-time buyers. It is well placed for access to local amenities whilst having excellent transport links. This beautifully proportioned property offers a gas central heating system, ..."
5% DEPOSIT BOOST* THE TROON is a spacious 3 bedroom semi-detached home with an open plan kitchen/diner with french doors leading to the garden. Upstairs are 2 double bedrooms and a further single which could be used as a home office.
"One of our signature types. It attracts those that love design and life. It's exciting, atmospheric and has a jaw-drop master loft suite."
"If you are looking for an abundance of space and a welcoming home you can move straight into to then look no further. This superb family home really has it all with its larger than average plot in sought after location, this is sure to go very quickly so please book your viewing so as not to miss..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £255,000 - £265,000** 3Keys Property are delighted to offer for sale this spacious 3 double bedroom detached bungalow, situated in the village of Finningley, Doncaster. In addition to 3 double bedrooms, the property has a spacious lounge and conservatory. The garage h..."
“You have just entered the territory of Robin Hood and his Merry Men” ~ Robin Hood
TICKHILL....READY TO MOVE INTO.....LOVELY GARDEN.....OFF STREET PARKING.........Call us to book your viewing!
"We are delighted to offer this well-presented three bedroom detached bungalow located in the Village of Blaxton situated to the north of Finningley on the A614 , with amenities including shops, garden centre, parks, public houses and being close to the motorway network. Briefly the property com..."
"A very well presented four bedroom detached home boasting modern décor. Situated in the popular Doncaster suburb of Armthorpe is this fantastic spacious property that must be viewed. The property briefly comprises to the ground floor of an entrance hall, good size kitchen with utility, dining ro..."
This deceptively spacious four double bedroom detached bungalow is offered with no onward chain and is located in this quiet street of similar properties. Occupying a good sized plot the property would be ideal for retirement or a family home. The bungalow is perfect for entertaining with a open...
"A flexible home for modern day lifestyles, with three bedrooms occupying the first floor and a generous master on the second."
"4 Bedroom Detached Home. Only £252,995. 2 Parking spaces. Flooring package. Integrated appliances package. Turf to rear garden. £750 towards legal fees. Free Mortgage assistance available. .GREAT 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME FOR JUST £252,995"
"Step inside this popular home and the OPEN-PLAN LIVING space starts with your lounge and leads through to the kitchen/ diner with FRENCH DOORS to the SOUTH FACING GARDEN. A handy utility room and WC completes the ground floor. 
Upstairs you'll find 3 SPACIOUS DOUBLE BEDROOMS, an EN SUITE to the m..."
"This lovely, modern 4 bedroom detached property is situated in a lovely area surrounded by lots of green spaces, parks and local shops. It is also a great location for access to local attractions such as The Yorkshire Wildlife Park. All windows have been replaced within the last 12 months and ..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £250,000 *** An attractive 3 bedroom detached house with private front garden, ample driveway and a garage enjoying a lovely central position within Edenthorpe."
"Reeds Rains are delighted to market for sale with NO CHAIN, this partially upgraded 3 bedroom detached family home, standing on an enviable corner position within in own walled gardens, situated in the popular residential area of Arksey. EPC Rating D."
"2 Bedroomed Detached Bungalow Gas Fired Central Heating and PVCu Double Glazing Brick built single Garage Pleasant cul-de-sac location within this very popular and well regarded market town Good selection of facilities within Tickhill, access to the A1/A1(M) approximately 4 miles drive "
"Modern and spacious detached family home set over three floors with 4 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, large garden, extended detached garage and immaculate presentation throughout. This family home is ready to move into! Call us now on to arrange a viewing today!! "
"Guide price £250,000-£260,000 and offered with NO CHAIN, this stunning Three bed detached property must be one to look at!! Situated in the sought after location of Conisborough close to all local amenities, transport links and fantastic schools and colleges"
"Situated on a quiet cul de sac within Sprotbrough village is this well presented three bedroom semi detached house which is offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The property in brief comprises; entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen/breakfast room, family bathroom with white three piece suite and th..."
* VIEWING RECOMMENDED * A superb example of a beautiful fpur-bedroom detached family home. Offering spacious accommodation with four spacious bedrooms and garden to the rear The current decor creates a homely feel upon entering the property and throughout. Arranged over...
"Take a look around this well presented property using our unique 3D Virtual Tour, book a viewing now to avoid disappointment. This family home is situated in the popular village of Hatfield, situated close by to local amenities, schools and public transport. The property itself is spacious and..."
"A deceptively spacious traditional semi-detached property occupies a pleasant position on this ever-popular road. With an impressive garden and a good amount of living space, this 3 bedroom house is the perfect opportunity for first-time buyers and young families, ..."
LET YOUR FAMILY GROW! Located in this ever popular area this EXTENDED semi detached home would be perfect for a growing family. This is not one to miss out on call now to view
"Within walking distance of Tickhills local amenities, this 2 double bedroom detached bungalow although needing some update has a spacious lounge, gas heating, double glazing, driveway, garage and good size rear gardens. The property comprises of; hallway, lounge, kitchen, 2 bedrooms, bathroom, g..."
"NO CHAIN..... Located in this highly sought after residential district, a nicely proportioned 3 bedroom detached family home. MUST BE VIEWED TO BE APPRECIATED."
"New to the market is this fantastic four bed detached family home. Having lots of space inside, from the great bedroom sizes to the kitchen / diner at the rear, it is perfect for the growing family! Just off the A1 J38 at Redhouse and within a short drive from several shopping centres includin..."
"Perfect for families wanting a little more space to grow or for guests, the Denby is a three bedroom detached home. The spacious lounge is ideal for relaxing in following a busy day, and leads seamlessly into the open-plan kitchen and dining area. French Doors lead into the garden, whilst a do..."
"Occupying a substantial private plot on a quiet cul de sac within Armthorpe is this spacious detached bungalow which is priced to allow for some further modernisation. The property in brief comprises; entrance hallway, lounge, dining room/bedroom three, kitchen/breakfast room, two good sized bedr..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£250,000-£260,000. This spacious well-presented three bedroom detached bungalow is situated in this sought after location. The property has front and rear gardens, off road parking and a garage."
"This outstanding period property is modernised to a high standard situated in this popular location within walking distance to local amenities and Bentley train station. The property benefits from three reception rooms, a downstairs WC and an en-suite shower room."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... This three bedroom semi detached house comes with off road parking, separate garage, cellar, conserva..."
"***ONLINE AUCTION ENDING 29TH MARCH AT 1PM*** ***LOW START BID FOR THIS FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE!!!*** This amazing home is offered at a low start bid via the modern sale method (call office for details) where you can simply VIEW, BID AND BUY with no hassle or fuss!!! Read the full descri..."
"This very well presented three double bedroom, two bathroom detached modern home benefits from separate reception rooms and occupies a good sized corner plot that is located in the ever popular Woodfield Plantation Estate. The accommodation comprises: Entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen ..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available-Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... This has been an amazing family home to us, in a quiet cul-de-sac, over the last 5 years. It is c..."
"** VIEWINGS TO COMMENCE FROM FEBRUARY 15TH **  A detached three-bedroom cottage set within a sought-after village location yet convenient for the A19, M18 & M180 motorway links. The property offers scope to further develop with adjoining outbuildings and a barn. Offering plenty o..."
"A impressive duplex apartment, located within an exclusive location of Doncaster, with views across the lake and open countryside. The large reception hall leads to a cloaks / WC, lounge and dining room which could alternatively be used as a further bedroom. A spiral staircase gives access to t..."
"Guide Price: £250,000 - £260,000 - An exceptional, newly refurbished detached bungalow, offering the benefits of that new home feel, in a mature property located in an established neighbourhood. "
"I'M MOVING ON UP! Standing proud on this modern style development, extremely well placed for local amenities, schools, shops & transport links - this beautifully presented 4 bedroom detached ticks all the boxes of family living. Boasting an en-suite, drive, garage & delightful gardens - CALL NOW!"
"In need of some modernisation throughout, this spacious three bed detached home in the sought after area of Bessacarr will not be around for long so book in now!!!"
"Springbok Properties offers this attractively priced detached bungalow to the market, With plenty of off road parking and lovely decor this is a must view! "
"This three bedroom detached family home is likely to impress any prospective purchaser. Having the benefit of driveway with off road parking, the former garage has been converted into a playroom, rear garden, good location and finished to the highest of standards. BE QUICK CALL TODAY TO BOOK..."
Wonderfully presented 5 bedroom semi-detached home in Conisborough Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Modern and well-appointed kitchen diner with good space for dining Opens into bright and airy living room Utility room with good space for appliances...
"Alston Road - a semi detached, three bedroom and one bathroom family home that's located on one of the finest addresses Doncaster has to offer..."
Perfectly located In Doncaster Town Centre. Potential Investment opportunity. STNPP. Close to all local amenities and transport links. Conditional/ Unconditional Opportunity
"*** GUIDE PRICE £250,000 - £270,000 *** Extended 3 times, this now large 4 bedroom 2 bathroom semi detached house really does need to be viewed to be appreciated."
"Occupying an enviable corner position on this popular roadway within Rossington is this four bedroom detached family home. The property in brief comprises; entrance hallway, cloaks/wc, lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen/breakfast room, four good sized bedrooms and family bathroom. Outside; fro..."
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED on this well presented 4 bed detached property sat on a corner plot in a quiet cul de sac position. The property has had a large extension and the garage has also been converted. It benefits from separate living and dining rooms, a second reception room, play room, ensu..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£250,000-£260,000. This is a unique opportunity! This three bedroom detached family home has planning permission granted for the erection of a four bedroom detached dwelling with an integral garage following the demolition of the existing eight garages. Available with no onward chain."
"OPEN HOUSE VIEWING SATURDAY 1ST APRIL - PLEASE CALL THE OFFICE TO ARRANGE A VIEWING SLOT Occupying an enviable corner plot on this quiet cul de sac within Tickhill is this well presented two bedroom semi detached bungalow. The property in brief comprises; entrance hallway, fitted kitchen..."
"Wanting to live The Good Life. Reeds Rains are delighted to market a three bed mid terrace home, situated within Dunscoft. This property comes with approx 1.25acres with the potential to rent further land. Including 9 stables with power and light, menage, paddocks, tack room, feeding room,15 Kenn..."
"Step inside this popular home and the OPEN-PLAN LIVING space starts with your lounge and leads through to the kitchen diner with FRENCH DOORS to the SOUTH FACING GARDEN. A handy utility room and WC completes the ground floor. 
Upstairs you'll find 3 SPACIOUS DOUBLE BEDROOMS, an EN SUITE to the ma..."
"A stylish two bedroom detached bungalow having spacious lounge/dining room, breakfast kitchen, gas heating, UPVC double glazing and a good standard of internal presentation and decoration. The property comprises of a hallway, large lounge/dining room, breakfast kitchen, two bedrooms (both with w..."
"Guide Price £250,000 - £260,000 WHAT A BUY! This stunning detached property is located on this ever popular area and would be perfect for a growing family. With the added extras of a stunning dining kitchen, conservatory, double bedrooms, en-suite and much more. Call now"
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... This is a lovely family home in a quiet cul-de-sac location. The south facing back garden is the perf..."
"*PRICE GUIDE £250,000 - £260,000* NO CHAIN. Four bedroom detached home in Mexborough. THREE RECEPTION ROOMS,are three double bedrooms, with en-suite to the master,along with a single bedroom and family bathroom. Gated parking to the front and enclosed rear low maintenance SOUTH FACING GARDEN"
FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY... READY TO BE VIEWED - Must be seen to realise the PLOT SIZE and POTENTIAL within this already EXTENDED FAMILY HOME. Sought after location within popular BAWTRY. Offered with NO CHAIN. Available by modern method of auction. CALL US NOW!
A lovely spacious 2 double bedroom detached bungalow enjoying a fantastic cul-de-sac location with a SW facing rear garden.
3 bedroom fully furnished ex-show home sold as seen. OPEN PLAN living with DESIGNER KITCHEN and BI-FOLD doors. Main bedroom includes EN SUITE with FULL-HEIGHT tiling.
"This 4 bedroom detached home benefiting from no onward chain. The accommodation in brief comprises of, hallway, downstairs WC, lounge, separate dining room, kitchen, utility room, family bathroom, master with En Suite shower room, front garden with driveway parking, single garage, rear garden."
"Step inside this popular home and the open-plan living space starts with your lounge and leads through to the kitchen diner with French doors to the rear garden. A handy utility room and WC completes the ground floor. 
Upstairs you'll find 3 spacious double bedrooms, an en suite to the main bedro..."
"Modern, 3 storey OPEN-PLAN 3 bed home including BI-FOLD doors, DESIGNER kitchen, tiling and much more."
"Modern, 3 storey OPEN-PLAN 4 bed home including BI-FOLD doors, DESIGNER kitchen, tiling and much more."
Well presented FOUR bedroom detached house with DOUBLE GARAGE in the popular village of Harworth. Call Your Move for your viewing today!
AVAILABLE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN AND EARLY COMPLETION - NOT TO BE MISSED! If you are looking for the next step up the property ladder this EXTENDED detached home would be perfect. You won't want to miss out call now to view
" The Newport features an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINER with patio doors leading to the TURFED REAR GARDEN, separate lounge, 2 DOUBLE BEDROOMS with ensuite to the master and a single bedroom. "
"The Hampton is a 3 bedroom family home that offers spacious living over three floors with classic design and stylish features.
A spacious hallway leads to a large kitchen/dining space to the front of the property. Designed to a high specification the kitchen is perfectly catered to family"
"This THREE BEDROOM Morseby home is popular with downsizers and families. The OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN diner is a great place for everything from a relaxing mid-week breakfast to entertaining friends. Open the FRENCH DOORS and enjoy your WEST FACING GARDEN.
Upstairs there are two double bedrooms, the mai..."
"The Moresby is a spacious three bedroom home ideal for growing families. On the ground floor you will find a spacious lounge and open-plan kitchen and dining area with French doors leading to the rear garden.
Upstairs there are two double bedrooms, the master with en suite shower room. On the fir..."
"CHAIN FREE…….A 3 bedroom detached ‘true’ bungalow in this lovely roadway just off Sprotbrough Road, close to amenities and the town."
"The Kingsville is a bright and FLEXIBLE FOUR BEDROOM, THREE-STOREY HOME, perfect for modern family living.
On the ground floor discover an OPEN-PLAN kitchen-diner with room for a TV area. There's also a ground floor bedroom which doubles as the perfect workspace.
On the first floor you’ll find th..."
"Step inside this popular home and the OPEN-PLAN LIVING SPACE starts with your lounge and leads through to the kitchen diner with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden. A handy UTILITY ROOM AND WC completes the ground floor. 
Upstairs you'll find 3 SPACIOUS DOUBLE BEDROOMS, an EN SUITE to the main bedro..."
THREE bedroom DETACHED home features a DESIGNER KITCHEN with BIFOLD doors leading into the rear garden. The main bedroom includes an ENSUITE shower room with CONTEMPORARY sanitaryware. Three DOUBLE bedrooms.
PRICED TO SELL - MUST BE THE BEST VALUE 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE IN ROSSINTON……. A contemporary styled 4 bedroom 2 bathroom detached house with an integral garage on this sought after development.
"A modern 3 STOREY HOME, the Kingsville offers 3-4 BEDROOMS, with the 4th being able to be utilised as a study or bedroom depending on your lifestyle and family needs.
The FREE-FLOWING KITCHEN with family & dining areas is a great space for entertaining and the FRENCH DOORS leading into the rear g..."
"A modern 3 storey home, the Kingsville offers 3-4 bedrooms, with the 4th being able to be utilised as a study or bedroom depending on your lifestyle and family needs. The free-flowing kitchen with family & dining areas is a great space for entertaining and the French doors leading into the rear g..."
"105% Part exchange available on this home**
 £99 RESERVATION FEE. This stylish and spacious three bedroom semi-detached home is perfect for growing families and couples alike.
The light and airy living room is luxuriously appointed, while at t"
"Available chain free. A four bedroom detached property, situated in a quiet Cul-De-Sac in the popular area of Rossington, close to local amenities, schools and excellent commuter links. Call now to arrange a viewing."
Detached bungalow with beautiful large gardens available!  Call our Thorne Office now to arrange a viewing. 
"William H Brown Thorne are proud to present to the market this beautifully presented three bedroom dormer bungalow located in a popular area in Thorne! Boasting ample off-street parking, detached garage. VIEWINGS ESSENTIAL!!"
"This three bedroom Morseby home is popular with downsizers and families. The open-plan kitchen diner is a great place for everything from a relaxing mid-week breakfast to entertaining friends. Open the French doors and enjoy your east facing garden. Upstairs there are two double bedrooms, the ma..."
"Guide Price: £240,000 - £250,000 - Stunning semi-rural village location, with countryside walks and village pubs in close proximity."
"Offered with no forward chain this beautifully presented three bedroom detached bungalow provides generous family living accommodation and boasts a stunning new bathroom suite, open plan lounge dining room, shaker style kitchen and generous bedrooms. Outside are wonderful landscaped gardens with..."
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED on this 4 bed semi detached property sat on a large plot with ONWARD CHAIN. The property benefits from original features, separate living and dining rooms, cellar, garage, large garden with outbuilding and WC. Situated close to local amenities and schools."
The Kingfisher - Semi-Detached - Two Bedroom- One Bathroom - New Build
"**GREAT FAMILY HOME!!** Four bedroom detached property now on the market offering a private rear garden, spacious living and a blank canvas perfect for your own preference. Located in Harworth & Bircotes. **CLICK NOW!!**"
"The Moresby is a bright three bedroom, detached home with plenty of space for a couple or a growing family. Head to the left from the hallway and you'll discover the comfortable lounge. Alternatively, on the the other side, you'll find the open-plan kitchen diner with French doors which lead in..."
The Teal - Detached - Four Bedroom - Two Bathroom - Garage - New Build
"Reeds Rains are delighted to market for sale with NO CHAIN, this wonderful four bedroom, three level, semi detached spacious family home, situated within the popular residential area of Wheatley Hills. Benefits include GCH DG gardens driveway and a garage. Viewing Highly recommended EPC Rating C."
"Absolutely immaculate three bed detached property with beautiful garden, double driveway and an en suite to the master bedroom. This fabulous property in a popular residential area is beautifully presented throughout and would make a perfect family home. Built in 2017, this contemporary property ..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... Twigg Crescent is a beautiful family home, one which we are very sad to be leaving. It is spacious an..."
No summary available.
Beautifully presented four bedroom semi situated upon this new development in New Rossington. This lovely family home is ready to move straight into and is close to local amenities
"This significantly spacious property enjoys a large corner plot and oozes individuality and character. There are three reception rooms, a large kitchen and a downstairs WC on the ground floor all accessed via an impressive entrance hall. Upstairs there are four bedrooms, with three of them being ..."
Excellent Transport Links! Available to view today with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this three bedroom semi-detached in Warmsworth Doncaster. The ideal property for a family to move in and make it their own!
"Don't delay, call us today!! A beautiful family home, this 2/3 bedroom bungalow in the village of Blaxton is ready to move into! With ample off road parking, front and rear gardens, a large living room with cosy fireplace and an attached garage, this home is great for those looking..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... Being sold with no forwarding chain this lovely detached three bedroom bungalow with private enc..."
A deceptively spacious two double bedroom detached bungalow situated in the village of HarworthThe property is conveniently situated within a short distance to an array or local amenities and excellent motorway links. 
"The Moresby is an elegant THREE BEDROOM home with contemporary features, ideal for modern living.
On the ground floor you'll find a spacious kitchen/dining area with FRENCH DOORS leading to the garden, and a lounge room.
On the first floor, you will find the generous main bedroom with EN SUITE, a..."
NO UPWARD CHAIN……This lovely 3 bedroom DETACHED BUNGALOW sits on a smart little sought after CUL-DE-SAC of bungalows
"Situated in this popular location of Bentley is this superb and spacious four bedroom detached family home. The property has a fabulous open plan layout to the ground floor, two en suite shower rooms and a stunning top floor master bedroom. The property has a landscaped south facing rear garden."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- This 4 bedroom link-detached family home is found in a quiet cul-de-sac position, featuring a spacious grand room with plenty of space for gatherings. The kitchen has plenty of modern units and an integrated double oven. Off the kitchen, you have a generous size util..."
"Beautifully presented 3 Bedroom semi-detached property, with off-street parking for multiple vehicles. Standing in a good sized plot with good sized gardens and spacious and versatile accommodation. The location allows easy access to a full range of amenities, facilities, and schoo..."
This well presented three bed detached home is situated on a popular residential estate in Mexborough and has fantastic living space throughout the property! With a driveway to the front and a garage! The property would be perfect for a growing family! CALL BEECROFT ESTATES TODAY TO BOOK YOU...
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website...Being sold with no forwarding chain this bungalow has been recently decorated with neutral d&eacu..."
"3 Bedroom, 3 storey home. Showhome available to view. Only £236,995. 2 Parking spaces. Flooring package. Integrated appliances package. Turf to rear garden. £750 towards legal fees. Free Mortgage assistance available. ."
"3 Bedroom, 3 storey home. South facing rear garden. Showhome available to view. Only £235,995. 2 Parking spaces. Flooring package. Integrated appliances package. Turf to rear garden. £750 towards legal fees. Free Mortgage assistance available. .FREE MORTGAGE ASSISTANCE AVAILABLEYOU COULD BUY WITH..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £235,00-£240,00. This two bedroom detached bungalow is situated within a cul-de-sac location in the popular location and is available with no onward chain. The property has off street parking, a garage and well-presented front and rear gardens."
"Reeds Rains are delighted to market for sale with NO CHAIN, this dorma style three bedroom semi, situated within Park drive Sprotbrough Village. Comprising of a lounge, dining room, kitchen, downstairs bathroom and En-Suite shower room. Viewing advised. EPC Rating D."
"The home of great value! The Kilkenny is a beautiful three bedroom home perfect for modern living. A bright living room featuring a stunning exposed staircase leads through to an open-plan kitchen-diner, where French doors open onto the garden creating an flexible living space. Upstai..."
"A superb three bedroom detached property located in the ever popular suburb of BESSACARR Located within walking distance to shops, bus routes into Doncaster Town Centre and great primary and secondary schools. The property comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, first floor landing, ..."
"This stunning 4-bed semi-detached property will certainly not be around for long, situated in the sought-after location of the new Rossington close to all local amenities, transport links and fantastic schools and colleges.  The ground floor consists of a large open-plan kitchen and diner..."
"New build property! Call now to register your interest and for more information! Located on the outskirts of Hatfield, Radnor Place is an exclusive development of three four bedroom properties, and two three bedroom properties, located close to local amenities and transport links."
"Situated on this popular residential roadway within the sought after village of Sprotbrough is this extended three bedroom semi detached house. The property in brief comprises; entrance hallway, lounge, modern kitchen/dining room, study/playroom, sitting room, three good sized bedrooms and famil..."
"Viewing is a must, prominent main road position with spacious accommodation throughout, close to amenities & City centre, book your viewing now as this will not be on the market long. "
"A rare opportunity to purchase an extended and deceptively spacious three bedroom detached house. Offering excellent potential & occupying an enviable corner cul de sac position with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The property in brief comprises; Entrance porch, hallway, fitted kitchen, spacious dual aspect..."
This deceptively spacious detached bungalow must be viewed to be appreciated. Having been renovated throughout and having a recently landscaped rear garden this home is ready to move straight into. Sitting in the popular village location of Barnby Dun viewings are essential!! Call YOPA today.
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED on this 4 bed detached property situated in this popular location of Doncaster. The property benefits from balcony, 3 reception rooms, double driveway and 2 allocated parking spaces and it has easy access to Doncaster Racecourse and the Dome. Close to local amenities."
Four bedroom link detached property set upon a private road. Private rear garden and ample off street parking. Early viewing advised
Experience DESIGN-LED living today with DESIGNER KITCHEN and BIFOLD doors. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE shower room. Detached home with off-street parking and rear garden.
Experience DESIGN-LED living today with DESIGNER KITCHEN and BI-FOLD doors. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE shower room.
 An ex-show home sold as seen with furniture and furnishings included. LIGHT and BRIGHT OPEN spaces and CONTEMPORARY specification. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE shower room.
"The bright open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading to the garden is perfect for entertaining and family meals. The front porch, downstairs cloakroom and two fitted cupboards take care of everyday storage. There’s an en suite to bedroom one, a family bathroom and an integral garage."
A generous three bedroom home with open plan living for those who love to entertain.
"This three bedroom detached family home is a rare find situated in a highly sought after location with close links to Doncaster Racecourse, Lakeside and Townfields. There is spacious living accommodation with a through lounge and a separate dining room."
EARLY VIEWING ESSENTIAL of this good sized 3 bedroom detached family house with integral garage offering spacious living.
"Reeds Rains are delighted to offer For Sale, this superb, three bedroom detached family home located in the sought after area of Kirk Sandall. Beautifully presented throughout and briefly comprising of a kitchen, a lounge/dining room, family room, downstairs w/c, modern En-suite shower and famil..."
"3 Bedroom property semi-detached property, with a large, extended open-plan kitchen/living area. Standing in a good sized plot with a large garden and spacious and versatile accommodation. The location allows easy access to a full range of amenities, facilities, and schools close by."
"Looking for a four bedroom family home in a sought after area of Thorne?  If so, call our Thorne Office now to arrange a viewing. "
"This beautifully presented 3 bedroom semi detached family home, sits in this well regarded avenue in Scawthorpe."
"This stunning and spacious home is an excellent fit for a young family. With an abundance of living space and a driveway for two cars, this four-bedroom semi-detached home is the perfect opportunity. Situated in a sought-after location close to a range of local amenities such as schools and parks..."
This stunning 3 bedroom semi detached property is brought to the market with no onward chain and offers show home standard accommodation ideal for a first time home. Conveniently situated on the edge of this new development lying within walking distance of a host of amenities at nearby Wheatley ...
A fantastic 2 bedroom semi-detached bungalow offering well-designed accommodation.
Join us for the PROPERTY LAUNCH on Saturday 15th April - Call now to book your viewing! - We are delighted to offer this stunning extended three bedroom semi detached home for sale.
"Four-bedroom detached family home with private driveway, offering spacious, well-designed family accommodation."
"This versatile three bedroom, traditional semi detached home benefits from an additional large attic room with en suite and a detached outbuilding which could be transformed into an annexe. Sitting in a popular location, viewing is essential, contact YOPA today to schedule your viewing."
"OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN... a spacious DETACHED FAMILY HOME located to popular Harworth. Having a beautiful ENCLOSED GARDEN, OFF STREET PARKING and great access to local amenities. MOTIVATED VENDOR BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT! CALL US NOW TO VIEW!"
"GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £240,000 MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE! A rare opportunity has arisen to acquire this extended semi detached bungalow with spacious accommodation and for sale with no onward chain. You won't want to miss out call now to view"
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... ""The property offers Modern open plan living, great natural light and has a large garden with an..."
"Detached home set in sought after location, boasting spacious accommodation with two reception rooms, four good sized bedrooms attractively priced to allow for cosmetic modernisation and no onward chain."
"Wonderfully presented 4 bedroom detached house located in Edenthorpe, Doncaster Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hall Bright and airy reception/dining room Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Four generously sized bedrooms Contemporary t..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £245,000 *** Finished with a modern bright contemporary interior, an immaculate 4 bedroom detached house laid out over 3 floors offering spacious living with a brick garage."
"An extremely well presented three bedroom semi detached property offering generous living accommodation with generous corner plot gardens, garage and off road parking. Comprising of ; entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, porch, first floor landing, three bedrooms and a family bathroom."
"guide price £230,000 and over . 3 Bedroom detached property within the popular village of Edenthorpe. The property stands within a good-sized plot and offers spacious and versatile accommodation."
"A stunning 4 bedroom end town house occupying pleasant position on this small development situated to the north of Doncaster with excellent links to the A1 motorway network. Appointed to a high standard the accommodation comprises: hall with storage cupboard and cloaks/wc, attractive kitchen/din..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... The property is south facing benefitting for sun all day, not being overlooked with a private back ga..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... This lovely three bedroom detached bungalow can be found in a quiet cul de sac in the popular lo..."
"Guide Price £230,000-£240,000 - Located in the popular area of Scawsby with excellent access to local amenities and the motorway networks such as the A1 is this spacious and extended three bedroom semi-detached property which is an ideal family home. The property provides ..."
"With a substantial rear garden, modern open plan kitchen diner and ample of off road parking this beautifully presented home is definitely one to see! "
"STUNNING PROPERTY - Located in a quiet rural village location is this beautiful, contemporary style three bedroom detached dormer bungalow. The property has been recently refurbished throughout and is ready to move straight into. The property comprise Entrance porch leading into the lig..."
"MOVIN' ON UP - A STUNNING 4 Bed Detached Property! Located in a sought after modern development in Mexborough! Well placed for local schools, amenities and transport links! Boasting a drive, garage & delightful side garden - EXCELLENT FAMILY HOME - NO CHAIN - CALL NOW!"
"Fantastic detached home close to amenities & transport links. With spacious accommodation boasting two reception rooms & conservatory, breakfast kitchen, four bedrooms three having built in wardrobes, book your viewing now as this will not be on the market long."
"Guide Price £230,000 - £240,000 WHAT A BUY! This stunning EXTENDED detached home is for sale with no onward chain and would be perfect for a growing family. With two reception rooms, conservatory, multipurpose room, en-suite and much more. Call now to view"
"***THREE BEDROOM***MODERN OPEN PLAN LIVING***BI-FOLDING DOORS***DOUBLE DRIVEWAY***ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN*** The hallway of The Hamilton leads to a Milan-inspired kitchen with integrated appliances, and a light and spacious open plan living and dining area extending, through bi-fold doors, into t..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£230,000-£240,000. Situated in this highly sought after residential development is this four bedroom detached family home which is immaculately presented throughout with a spacious lounge diner, conservatory and a breakfast kitchen."
"Guide Price £230,000-£240,000. Situated in this popular village of Blaxton is this three bedroom detached bungalow which benefits from having spacious living accommodation throughout. The property has an impressive range of off road parking with an open plan drive and garage."
"The Moresby is a spacious THREE BEDROOM HOME ideal for GROWING FAMILIES. On the ground floor you will find an OPEN-PLAN kitchen and dining area with FRENCH DOORS leading to the rear garden and a spacious lounge. Upstairs there are two double bedrooms, the master with EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM. On the..."
"3 bedroom home. DESIGN-LED OPEN PLAN living. EXCLUSIVE DESIGNER KITCHEN, with BI-FOLDS. Bathroom with DESIGNER TILING. "
"Includes 12 month mortgage contribution worth £5000! Exceptional four bedroom-three storey home living with OPEN PLAN living, EXCLUSIVE KITCHEN DESIGNS, and BIFOLD doors. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM."
"The Property Selling Company is pleased to present this three-bedroom detached property located in the town of Doncaster. The property consists of – Sitting room, Kitchen/diner, WC, Three bedrooms (one en suite) and a Bathroom This property offers modern light-filled accommodation arrang..."
"5% deposit contribution, worth £11,500‡ The Westmeath is a beautiful four bedroom detached home comprising of a bright and spacious living room that leads to an open-plan kitchen-diner, with French doors opening onto the garden. With convenient details such..."
"NO CHAIN SALE………VIEWING ESSENTIAL on this original 3 bedroom detached bungalow, however subsequently reconfigured to create 2 larger bedrooms, sat on a large corner plot with garage and parking to the rear."
"£250 a month towards your mortgage payments for 12 months+ PLUS free flooring package, get in touch for more detailsThe Mountford - Full of charm, flooded with light, this three-bedroom home is perfect to make your own. The Mountford is a beautifully appointed, semi detached 3-bedroom..."
"£250 a month towards your mortgage payments for 12 months+ PLUS free flooring package and premium worktop, get in touch for more detailsThe Aslin, a true family home offering generously proportioned living.
This fantastic 4-bedroom, 3-storey house offers space, comfort and every conv..."
"The Mountford is a beautifully appointed, semi detached 3-bedroom property, flooded with light and set across two storeys. Enter into the airy hallway space, with a large living room to your left, and an open-plan kitchen/dining/living area to your right. The dual-aspect living room is..."
Situated on a popular quiet residential area of Conisbrough on the outskirts of the village and close to open countryside. A VIEWING IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED TO APPRECIATE THE ACCOMMODATION ON OFFER This extended three bedroomed Stone built semi-detached house benefits from gas fired central heating...
"Guide Price £225,000-£235,000. This four bedroom semi detached dorma bungalow has an impressive south east facing rear garden with open field views and a tandem garage. The property benefits from a range of spacious living accommodation throughout and a driveway providing ample off road parking."
"GUIDE PRICE-£225,000-£250,000. This spacious three bedroom detached family home is situated in this popular location close to local schools, shops and excellent transport links. The property must be viewed to appreciate."
"GUIDE PRICE £225,000-£235,000. This attractive kingsville style four bedroom, three storey end townhouse benefits from an en-suite shower room, a study, an open plan breakfast kitchen and a double drive positioned on the Park Edge sought after development."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £225,000 - £250,000 *** CHAIN FREE…….A fine example of a large traditional styled 4 bedroom bay fronted semi detached house in this highly sought after residential suburb."
Detached bungalow situated on a large corner plot! Call our Thorne Office now to arrange a viewing. 
3D Virtual Tour Available- We have loved living in our family home for the last 17 years. It is within a stones throw from beautiful country walks leading up to the Mount Pleasant Hotel and Rossington Hall. The street is very quiet with lovely neighbours. We hope the next people to live in the...
"Situated in this sought after location on Woodfield Plantation in Balby is this fabulous and well-presented three bedroom end townhouse family home. The property benefits from having a delightful rear garden, ample off road parking with garage and two en suites."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a stunning and extended two double bedroom terraced house located within the heart of Bawtry. The property in brief comprises; contemporary open plan ground floor accommodation with modern kitchen, dining area and lounge, downstairs WC and two double bedrooms both w..."
"A HOME ISN'T A PLACE IT'S A FEELING! Standing proud on this highly sought after street, excellently placed for amenities, schools, shops & canal walks, this absolutely stunning semi-det certainly is dressed to impress. Boasting spacious accommodation & stunning gardens with a field view -CALL NOW!"
Woodward Lakes is a modern holiday park landscaped from the South Yorkshire landscape providing you with a private and secure destination. The park has excellent transport links with the market town of Doncaster only a short drive away. The park boasts excellent facilities for a great place to un...
WOW DO NOT MISS OUT! A beautifully modern three bedroom detached property in the semi- rural village of Brodsworth. This property was built in 2021 and has a spacious and contemporary interior throughout. With a large dual aspect living room and open- plan kitchen/ diner plus WC do...
"An attractive two double bedroom period end cottage offering deceptively spacious living accommodation close to the heart of Tickhills many shops and amenities. This well presented property enjoys front and rear gardens, briefly comprising of: entrance hall, lounge, dining room, utility, kitchen,..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £220,000 *** Tucked away in this lovely cul-de-sac position, a detached 4 bedroom family home with integral garage and additional study/games room to the rear."
"**NEW TO THE MARKET** is this SPACIOUS 3 bedroom detached bungalow situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location, close to all amenities and transport links with NO UPWARD CHAIN!!! "
"This spacious, extended and very well presented four bedroom, three reception room detached family home is located near the end of a quiet cul-de-sac. The property has recently been much improved and now boasts a 'Baxi' combi boiler and new radiators (2018), new carpets, solid oak doors, stairca..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £225,000 *** CHAIN FREE……With a single storey extension across the rear elevation this larger than average 3 bedroom semi detached house enjoys a beautiful setting within Sprotbrough Village."
"Beautifully presented three-bedroom detached family home on the highly regarded Skylarks Grange Estate in the Woodlands/Brodsworth area of Doncaster. Built in 2020 and finished to a very high standard, with a driveway to the side and wrap-around garden.  The home comprises a spacious, dou..."
"This SPACIOUS DETACHED BUNGALOW is located on a SOUGHT AFTER RESIDENTIAL ESTATE in Dunscroft and is a MUST SEE. Call SH0316 when calling......
"
"NO ONWARD CHAIN !!! An excellent opportunity to acquire this Three Bedroom Detached Property offering lots of character, private garden and off road parking. With some improvement/modernisation works and a little extra love this property could be a spectacular dream house. The accommodation in ..."
"Residential Building Plot, Rectory Lane, Finningley, Doncaster"
This large three bedroom property on Sprotbrough Road occupies a large plot that is set back from the main road and certainly has a great presence. The impressive frontage has a significant driveway large enough for several vehicles and the property has a lovely traditional feel with bay windows....
"GUIDE PRICE £225,000.00 TO £235,000.00 Ideally positioned on a generous corner plot is this lovely 4 bedroomed detached family home. Located in the sought after area of Dalecroft Road , Carcroft this home has many desirable features to offer and greatly benefits from a double storey side extensio..."
New to the market is this three bed semi detached which has been extended to the rear and therefore boasts a great open plan kitchen area at the back of the property. There is modernisation required but this spacious home is ready for you to come and put your stamp on it. The location is so s...
"3D Virtual Tour Available- This Beautifully presented three bed semi detached home can be found in the popular location of Auckley, close to local amenities and great commuter links. In a quiet, friendly area with good links to main motorways. Recently redecorated with a brand new kitchen and ..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- We have lived in the property for nearly 24 years and in that time the area has changed to become a sought after place to live, with a lot of young families moving in as soon as a property becomes available. The area is very quiet and just far enough out of town to b..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £225,000 *** Located on this popular residential cul-de-sac a good sized 3 bedroom detached bungalow with a detached garage and a South facing rear garden."
Fantastic home situated in sought after location available with no onward chain. We were impressed by the overall presentation and we are sure all buyers but families especially will love the local area. Too good to miss-book your viewing today.
"Completed in 2016 this beautifully presented three storey town house has everything a family could need and benefits from remaining new build warranty. The property boasts a spacious master bedroom suite on the second floor with its own en suite bathroom, downstairs WC, landscaped garden and a co..."
"DESIRABLE family home with Zero Stamp Duty to pay! STYLISH living across 3 floors. LARGE BEDROOMS, separate DRESSING ROOM & LARGE EN SUITE in the primary bedroom. SPACIOUS PRIVATE GARDEN. LEGAL FEES PAID PLUS UPGRADED DESIGNER KITCHENS FITTED. FLOORING PACKAGE. INTEGRATED APPLIANCES INCLUDED."
"PART EXCHANGE AVAILABLE ON THIS HOME** Reserve this home for just £99.
This stylish and spacious three bedroom semi-detached home is perfect for growing families and couples alike.  The light and airy living room is luxuriously appointed"
"The Rosebery is a delightful 3 bedroom home that provides ample space and flexibility for any family. Its impressive living room is flooded with light from the bi-folding doors, which lead out into the garden. The kitchen and dining area is enhanced with dual aspect windows, offering a light and ..."
A traditional double fronted home which is perfectly designed to ensure there is plenty of ground floor space for growing families.
"The Moresby is a spacious three bedroom home ideal for growing families. On the ground floor you will find an open-plan kitchen and dining area with French doors leading to the rear garden and a spacious lounge. Upstairs there are two double bedrooms, the master with en suite shower room. On the..."
"Nestled into the corner of this delightfully quiet cul-de-sac this beautifully presented three bedroom property has been extended to create the ultimate open plan family living accommodation. Enjoying a corner plot, the property has generous gardens and off road parking and is beautifully present..."
"Set on a good size plot offering excellent potential is this spacious Three Bedroom Semi Detached House, perfect for a first time buyer or family. Situated in the popular location of Rossington and close to all local amenities including primary and secondary schools. From the Utility area is th..."
This well-presented and ready to move into four bedroom semi-detached property is ready for any prospective buyer to move straight into and offers an huge amount of living space both internally and externally. An internal inspections is strongly recommended to appreciate the ample liv...
BEAUTIFUL DETACHED HOME IN EDENTHORPE JUST A SHORT WALK TO LOCAL SUPERMARKET AND PUBLIC HOUSE. This lovely property has been much improved and extended to create a spacious family home in a sought after location within DN3. Fantastic presentation throughout means that this will be a move in ready...
"***STUNNING PROPERTY ***CONTEMPORARY LIVING***ACCOMMODATION OVER THREE STOREYS***TASTEFUL DECOR THROUGHOUT***THREE BEDROOMS***MODERN ENSUITE & BATHROOMS***CONTEMPORARY KITCHEN/DINING ROOM***INTEGRAL GARAGE***SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT*** An EXCEPTIONALLY WELL PRESENTED three double bedroom, three ..."
Situated in this popular location close to local amenities and transport links is this spacious three bedroom detached family home (formally four bedrooms).The property benefits from having spacious accommodation throughout and a converted garage to create a family room.
"Looking  for a spacious detached property, then look no further!  Call our Thorne Office now to arrange a viewing. "
"This immaculate home has been finished to the highest standard throughout and must be viewed to be appreciated. Benefiting from modern and stylish decor throughout and variety of upgrades and extras this home is ready to move straight into. Ideal for any investor or first time buyer, call to view!"
This five bedroom property in a great location would be perfect for a growing family and has masses of potential to be a stunning family home! The property has ample off road parking and a spacious entrace hall leading to a separate lounge with bay window at the front and an open plan kitchen din...
This double fronted two bedroom detached bungalow is situated on a substantial plot with extensive block paved front and rear gardens and is available with no onward chain. The property benefits from three reception rooms and occasional attic space with skylights.
"Guide Price £220,000-£230,000 - Fabulous modern three bedroom semi-detached family home located in the much sought after village of Auckley. The property has lovely modern decor throughout with the downstairs floor consisting lounge, Kitchen diner with patio doors leading to the enclo..."
"** GUIDE PRICE £220,000 - £230,000 ** WOW ** MAGNIFICENT DETACHED BUNGALOW! SUNROOM! OPEN PLAN LIVING! GENEROUS LANDSCAPED GARDENS! AMPLE DRIVEWAY! This magnificent two bedroom detached bungalow, boasting extensive landscaped gardens and ample driveway. NO CHAIN."
"Situated in Balby on the Keepmoat residential site is this spacious and ready to move into three bedroom semi-detached property which is available with no chain. The property comprises of a spacious modern kitchen/diner, downstairs cloakroom, spacious lounge with French doors that lea..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £220,000 *** Virtually new, this contemporary styled 3 bedroom 3 storey semi detached house offers fashionable living on this popular new development."
This three bedroom semi-detached family home is situated in this popular location close to local amenities and transport links. The property has spacious living accommodation throughout with off road parking to the front and an enclosed garden to the rear.
"Guide Price £220000 - £230,000 NOT A THING TO DO! This stunning recently refurbished EXTENDED property is perfect for a growing family and is close to all the amenities. With a stunning dining kitchen, stylish shower room and much more. Call now to view"
"Offered with NO CHAIN, Reeds Rains are delighted to market for sale, this 3 bedroom detached bungalow situated within the popular area of Barnby Dun. Briefly comprising of an entrance hall, lounge diner, kitchen and a bathroom. Benefits include a GCH system and DG. Gardens driveway and a garage. ..."
"Guide Price £220,000 - £230,000 MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE! This delightful semi detached home stands on a fabulous plot and would be ideal for a growing family. With four bedrooms, three reception rooms and much more. Call now to view"
***EXTENDED FAMILY HOME***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT***THREE BEDROOMS***CONTEMPORARY BATHROOM***OPEN PLAN MODERN KITCHEN DINING ROOM***SNUG***SPACIOUS LOUNGE***MULTIFUEL LOG BURNER***OFF ROAD DRIVEWAY PARKING***GARAGE***ENCLOSED PRIVATE GARDEN*** This fabulous extended family home is beaut...
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website...This three bed semi detached home cab be found in the sought after location of Bessacarr, in need..."
"*** £220,000 *** IF YOU'RE LOOKING FOR A FAMILY LOOK NO FURTHER! Located on a popular new build estate Arlington Road is the dream when it comes to family homes! A THREE BED semi detached with a modern interior, off road parking and with local amenities, schools and transport links close at hand!"
"A great opportunity to purchase a 3 bedroom semi-detached property in Tickhill village offering potential for further extensions subject to permissions. Set within walking distance of local shops, eateries, schools and boutique shops this property provides an ideal family home. Accommodation co..."
"A lovely 2 bedroom detached bungalow having stylish and contemporary fixtures and fittings, modern decoration, large conservatory, driveway and garage. Comprises ; entrance hallway, spacious lounge, kitchen with various units, 2 bedrooms, four piece bathrooms suite, gas heating, UPVC double glaz..."
"A beautiful two bedroom detached bungalow located in the village of Skellow, with three reception rooms, two bathrooms and an immaculate interior throughout. With a modern and homely feel, this property is deceivingly spacious and set in an ample plot with gardens to the front and ..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a beautifully presented and extended three bedroom traditional semi detached house located within the sought after suburb of Wheatley Hills. The property in brief comprises; entrance hallway, lounge with feature fireplace, dining room, contemporary fitted kitch..."
"GUIDE PRICE - £220,000 WHAT A BUY! This delightful detached bungalow is for sale with no onward chain and is close to all the amenities. This is not one you will want to miss out on. Call now to view"
"RECENTLY REDUCED.
NO CHAIN. An opportunity to acquire a delightful bungalow in the market town of Thorne. Close to all local amenities and the motorway. Positioned on a generous sized plot in a pleasant area benefiting from 3 bedrooms, kitchen, bathroom and lounge. Blocked paved driveway with amp..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £225,000 *** Located on the fringe of the development, a very contemporary styled 3 bedroom double fronted semi detached house built approximately 3 years ago."
"Situated on this highly anticipated and sought after Furlong Park development is this three bedroom semi-detached family home with a spacious living kitchen diner, family room with bifolding doors, an en suite shower room, a contemporary style and high finish throughout and off road parking."
ACT IMMEDIATELY TO AVOID DISAPPOINTMENT. Dunstans are pleased to offer for sale this well appointed semi-detached bungalow in a popular area of Conisbrough where properties very seldom appear on the open market. Benefiting from gas fired central heating and Upvc double glazing briefly comprising;...
"GUIDE PRICE £220,000.00 TO £230,000.00 Ideal are pleased to offer for sale this lovely family home which is located in the highly desirable area of Sprotbrough and with in walking distance to sought after schools. This 3 bedroom semi-detached home benefits from a single storey extension, a w..."
"Located in the popular suburb of Rossington with excellent access to local amenities is this chain free, four bedroom detached property which is an ideal family home. The property comprises of a spacious lounge, conservatory, modern kitchen, utility room, master bedroom with en suite,..."
"Guide Price £220,000-£230,000. This three bedroom detached bungalow is situated in this popular location of Intake and is located on an ample corner plot with a range of off road parking. The property benefits from an enclosed rear garden and is close to local amenities and transport links."
"Offered for sale is this fully renovated to a high standard three bedroom semi detached house situated on a large corner plot, with lots of potential to extend. "
"PRIME LOCATION AND HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER AREA. This BEAUTIFUL, GENEROUSLY PROPORTIONED brand-new home boasts a spacious hallway entrance and CHARMS from room to room. GENEROUS GARDEN. FANTASTIC interiors included + ZERO STAMP DUTY! LEGAL FEES PAID + UPGRADED KITCHEN PACKAGES WITH ALL APPLIANCES. "
"REDUCED £199,995 This two double bedroom home offers spacious accommodation with a lounge, dining room, full sized kitchen, two double bedrooms (master with en-suite ) , study and house bathroom. The property is sold as seen and comes with all furniture displayed in the photographs."
Ex-show home sold as seen. Design-led living in this home features OPEN PLAN living with EXCLUSIVE KITCHEN DESIGNS with integrated appliances and BIFOLD doors. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM.
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... This property has generous gardens to front and rear and enjoys a lovely en-suite to the master (very..."
"The Moresby is a spacious three bedroom home ideal for GROWING FAMILIES. On the ground floor you will find an OPEN-PLAN kitchen and dining area with FRENCH DOORS leading to the rear garden and a spacious lounge. Upstairs there are two double bedrooms, the master with EN SUITE shower room, a sing..."
"This excellent duplex apartment offers a lounge, a fitted kitchen, three large bedrooms, two shower rooms, a separate WC and two balconies offering breath-taking views of the lakes and city. This property presents a fantastic opportunity for home hunters. "
"This bright and practical home is ideal for modern family living. The LARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with ample dining space has FRENCH DOORS leading out to the SOUTH FACING GARDEN. The home also features a spacious lounge for all of the family to relax in.
Upstairs the main bedroom has an EN SUITE show..."
"This bright and practical home is ideal for modern family living. The large OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with ample dining space has French doors leading out to the SOUTH FACING GARDEN. The home also features a spacious lounge for all of the family to relax in.
Upstairs the main bedroom has an EN SUITE show..."
"The Maidstone is an IDEAL FAMILY HOME, designed with plenty of space for modern living. The ground floor has a dual-aspect lounge and OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with dining area and FRENCH DOORS leading to the SOUTH FACING GARDEN. On the first floor are two double bedrooms, with an EN SUITE to the main, ..."
" £99 RESERVATION FEE. The Somerton is a stunning 3 bedroom home with block paved parking space and more space than meets the eye. A welcoming hallway leads to the spacious lounge, perfect for relaxing and spending time with the family. The hub of the home is the large"
DON'T SETTLE FOR LESS - Located in this sought after village location of Conisbrough is this immaculately presented 3 bedroom semi! Conveniently placed close to schools & local amenities! Also benefiting from delightful front & rear garden & a driveway and garage for off street vehicle parking!
"Join us for the PROPERTY LAUNCH on Wednesday 5th April - Call now to book your viewing! - This three bed detached bungalow is a fantastic size and sits on a plot of almost 1/4 of an acre! There is so much potential here and although it does need some upgrading, we are sure that the investment wil..."
"A lovely 3 BEDROOM, semi-detached home IDEAL FOR GROWING FAMILIES.
Downstairs offers OPEN-PLAN LIVING with a kitchen and dining area with FRENCH DOORS to the garden, separate lounge and cloakroom. 
Upstairs you'll find two double bedrooms with EN SUITE shower room to bedroom 1, a single bedroom a..."
Located on a quiet cul-de-sac is this extended 3-bedroom semi-detached house with a large garden. This property would make a fantastic family house in a sought-after area close to good local schools.
"Offered for sale with a no vendor chain is this two double bedroomed detached bungalow situated within the heart of the village just a short walk from all local amenities, schools, bus route and the railway station. The property benefits from gas central heating and Upvc double glazing briefly c..."
"**STUNNING OPPORTUNITY!** Three double bedroom, three story town house now on the market located in the sought after village of Auckley. Offering a private rear garden with studio, off street parking and an EPC Grade C. **CLICK NOW!!**"
FAMILY FRIENDLY EXTENDED 4 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE!! Arranged over 3 floors this well kept property won't be around for long... 
"Positioned off Common Lane, on this ever popular modern development, a well presented 2 bedroom detached house (easily converted back to the original 3 bedroom design), with well enclosed, private rear garden and detached, brick built garage. The centre of Tickhill lies within about 1/2 mile and ..."
"One of a kind, do not dismiss! This fantastic new build property has been renovated to feature additional reception room with media wall, master bedroom with walk in wardrobe and en suite shower room and a landscaped garden! Viewings are absolutely essential and can be requested online 24/7."
Welcome to Church Lane! This 3 bedroom semi-detached bungalow is situated in the sought-after Bessacarr area. Step inside and you’ll find a spacious living area and three bedrooms with plenty of room to relax. Enjoy the outdoors with a lovely garden and driveway with off-road parking. Do...
ABSOLUTELY BEAUTIFUL EXTENDED BUNGALOW POSITIONED ON A CORNER PLOT IN THE SOUGHT AFTER VILLAGE OF ARMTHORPE. This delightfully presented three bedroom semi-detached home is now available for sale and offers any purchaser a move in ready home to be proud of. A generous plot with off street parking...
"CHARACTER, STYLE AND LOCATION! QUIRKY BARN CONVERSION, IMPECCABLE STANDARDS THROUGHOUT, VILLAGE LOCATION, HOP, SKIP AND A JUMP TO BAWTRY! "
"An Up to date epc is being done for the property This spacious 3-bed semi-detached property is situated in the sought-after location of Balby, close to all local amenities, transport links and fantastic schools and colleges.  The downstairs briefly comprises a very spacious lounge house a..."
"Ideal for first time buyers, the Gosford is a spacious three bedroom home."
"A traditional double fronted three bedroom home, the Milldale is ideally suited to growing families and couples alike."
"Three-bedroom extended semi-detached property, in a sought-after location, offering spacious and versatile accommodation close to local amenities with excellent transport links."
"The 3 BEDROOM Maidstone features a large window to the front of the lounge, allowing lots of natural light to fill the room.
The OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with dining space includes FRENCH DOORS that lead out to the rear garden and provides a great space for entertaining by allowing for the indoors and o..."
"The Maidstone is a THREE BEDROOM, semi-detached home ideal for FIRST-TIME BUYERS. The heart of your new home is the spacious lounge that leads to an attractive, OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining room with French doors leading to the rear garden.
Upstairs you will find two double bedrooms, with an EN SUITE..."
"The Maidstone is a three bedroom, semi-detached home ideal for FIRST-TIME BUYERS. The heart of your new home is the spacious lounge that leads to an attractive, OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining room with French doors leading to the rear garden.
Upstairs you will find two double bedrooms, with an EN SUITE..."
"3Keys Property is delighted to offer this 3 bedroom semi detached property with no onward chain to the open sales market. Situated on a large corner plot in the heart of Auckley village, Doncaster, within close proximity of good schools and a 6th form college. This property would make the perf..."
"Situated in the delightful town of Harworth, Simpson Park is a wonderful collection of brand new three and four bedroom homes built by Tilia Homes. This new development is surrounded by an array of exciting amenities to cater for every member of the family. The Re..."
"Enjoying what can only be described as the pick of the plots, this extended 2 bedroom detached bungalow stands well with ample off road parking, garage and beautiful gardens."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £210,000 - £220,000 *** With what must be one of the biggest plots on the development, this immaculate 3 bedroom double fronted semi detached house with a gorgeous new kitchen needs to be viewed."
"GUIDE PRICE £210,000-£220,000. This superb three bedroom semi-detached family home is situated in this popular location of Edenthorpe and benefits from an open plan style lounge diner, a downstairs shower room, utility room and a generous south facing rear garden which overlooks the stunning fields."
Looking for a home full of character with an abundance of space? then look no further! Available with no onward chain! Call Your Move for a viewing or take a virtual tour.
"This three bedroom semi detached home includes an open plan kitchen with a dining area and French doors to the garden. A spacious lounge and a cloakroom completes the ground floor.
Upstairs you'll find an en suite main bedroom, a further double bedroom, a single bedroom and a family bathroom.
SEE..."
"PRICE GUIDE.... £210,000-£220,000. Large three bedroom, extended semi detached property in this highly desirable location offering a generous footprint and demanding an early viewing"
"*** GUIDE PRICE £210,000 *** EXTENDED right across the rear, plus a PVC CONSERVATORY too, this 3 bedroom detached house is much bigger, than standard, plus it enjoys a PRETTY CUL-DE-SAC position, with a WOODED COPSE TO THE REAR."
"Occupying a quiet cul de sac position is this substantially extended four bedroom semi detached house. The property in brief comprises; entrance hallway, spacious lounge/dining room, garden room extension, kitchen, master bedroom with en suite shower room, three further bedrooms and family bathro..."
"CHARACTER, SIZE AND LOCATION! OVER 1200 SQUARE FEET, LOVELY VILLAGE LOCATION, SUNNY SOUTH WESTERLY REAR ASPECT WITH VIEWS, NO ONWARD CHAIN!"
"An absolute must view, this beautifully extended three bedroom home boasts open plan, modern living and benefits from a newly fitted kitchen. Ideal for all buyers this energy efficient home has solar panels to three sides which provide income and low bills to the owners. Viewings strongly advised!"
NO ONWARD CHAIN | PRIVATE GARDEN | WELL MAINTAINED
"RARE OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE A THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME ON MADAM LANE IN BARNBY DUN. Just a short walk to the canal/countryside walks, this village position offers plenty with easy access to local amenities, local primary school and plenty of transport links. This delightfully presented h..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£210,000-£220,000. Situated in the popular village of Arksey is this well-presented extended three bedroom semi-detached family home which provides spacious accommodation throughout. There is a driveway providing off road parking and a large enclosed rear garden with open views to rear."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website.."
"This three bedroom semi detached home includes an open plan kitchen with a dining area and French doors to the garden. A spacious lounge and a cloakroom completes the ground floor.
Upstairs you'll find an en suite main bedroom, a further double bedroom, a single bedroom and a family bathroom."
"The Maidstone is a three bedroom, semi-detached home IDEAL FOR GROWING FAMILIES. The heart of your new home is the spacious lounge that leads to an attractive, OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining room with FRENCH DOORS leading to the rear garden.
Upstairs you will find two double bedrooms, with an EN SUITE ..."
"*****£210,000***** PERFECT FAMILY HOME! St Catherines Drive is a three bed detached property located in the sought after village of Dunsville. Call now to book your viewing and avoid disappointment!"
"William H Brown Thorne are proud to present this well presented three bedroom detached bungalow positioned in a sought after area in Thorne. Offering spacious bedrooms, off street parking and garage! Viewings considered essential to appreciate what is on offer!"
"£210,000 -£220,000 - A FABULOUS THREE BED FAMILY HOME! This delightful 3 bed property boasts spacious living areas throughout, has modern furnishings and a plentiful rear garden & parking to the front! Situated in this sought after village location of Barnburgh! CALL NOW!"
"Guide Price £210,000. This stunning three bedroom detached family home set within the very heart of Hatfield. Converted garage into a music room, dining room and gardens to front, side and rear. Low maintenance rear garden"
***VENDORS ENTERTAINING SENSIBLE OFFERS-BOOK YOUR VIEWING NOW*** Smart three bedroom semi- detached house in the sought after village of Sprotbrough close to many local amenities. Call Your Move for your viewing or take an online virtual tour today.
"***£210,000*** AMAZING OPPORTUNITY to own a FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED property in a popular corner of Stainforth! Close to local schools, amenities and transport links and boasting a well presented interior, off road parking and a semi detached garage! Call now to book your viewing!"
LIFE ON ONE LEVEL! A superb 2 bedroom detached bungalow sits pretty on this sought after street location! Viewing is essential to appreciate this truly impressive property! This delightful bungalow is presented with a high specification throughout! Most enviable gardens & a driveway & garage!
"The 3 bedroom Maidstone is PERFECT FOR FIRST-TIME-BUYERS and couples looking to start a family. On the ground floor, this modern home benefits from a SPACIOUS LOUNGE, in which you can unwind after a busy day. The KITCHEN AND DINING AREA leads directly off the lounge, and the seamless flow contin..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£210,000-£220,000. This fabulous spacious three bedroom detached family home is situated in this sought after location close to a wide range of local amenities including schools and motorway connections."
"Whether you're in need of a home ready to welcome a new family or if you're a first-time buyer making your start on the housing ladder, The Maidstone is the ideal choice. The ground flow has a natural flow as the spacious lounge moves seamlessly into the open-plan kitchen and dining area - which..."
"This extremely well presented and 'ready to move into' detached bungalow is brought to the market with no onward chain. Lying within easy reach of local amenities including superstores, schools, bus routes and A1 motorway networks this property must be viewed. The accommodation comprises: hall..."
"MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE! This delightful refurbished terraced home is perfect for a growing family and is close to all the action. With two reception rooms, additional shower room, five bedrooms and much more. Cal now to view"
"NEW BUILD PROPERTY! Call now to register your interest and for more information! Located on the outskirts of Hatfield, Radnor Place is an exclusive development of three four bedroom properties, and two three bedroom properties, located close to local amenities and transport links."
NEW TO THE MARKET is this THREE bedroom DETACHED bungalow situated in a quaint cul-de-sac location! In immaculate condition this bungalow is sold with NO UPWARD CHAIN!!
"Three-bedroom semi-detached property, in a sought-after location, offering spacious and versatile accommodation close to local amenities with excellent transport links. Arranged over two floors, this property is an ideal family home briefly comprising of: Ground Floor  ..."
"3D Virtual Tour Available- Take a closer, more detailed look around via our 3D Virtual Tour! Don't forget that you can also check availability for viewings online via a visit to our website... After renovating the house nearly 7 years ago we have loved living in our bright family home. Wi..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £210,000 *** AN IMMACULATE, DOUBLE FRONTED 3 BED semi detached house nicely positioned on this END PLOT giving it a nice FEELING OF SPACE."
"Northwood are proud to present for sale this Detached Large Three bedroom house in the popular location of Bennetthorpe on a corner plot. This property requires modernisation throughout and is great opportunity not to be missed, located close to the City Centre.Call now to a..."
ENDLESS POTENTIAL! Currently set up for a business but with potential to be converted to a residential property this property must be viewed to see the full potential! With 3/4 bedrooms and plenty of potential living space this could be your ideal blank canvas! CALL NOW TO BOOK YOUR VIEWING!
"Northwood Doncaster are proud to present this beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached family home.The property briefly comprises of : Front porch entrance, leading into the hallway with original panelled walls, front lounge, large modern kitchen/dining area, conservatory and d..."
"Guide Price £210,000 - £220,000 NOT A THING TO DO! This stunning EXTENDED semi detached home is perfect for a growing family. With two reception rooms, stylish dining kitchen, good sized garden and much more. Call now to view"
SUPERB semi-detached home in the sought after village of Branton with COUNTRYSIDE VIEWS. An early viewing is highly recommended to avoid disappointment.
"Guide price: £210,00- £220,000. This three bedroom semi-detached family home is situated in the highly sought after location of Sprotbrough provides a spacious lounge diner with sun room. The property has a driveway providing off road parking, a garage and a South facing rear garden."
"A 3-bedroom semi-detached property on a corner plot with huge potential. Being sold with NO UPWARD CHAIN.  Description The ground floor comprises of an entrance hall, on the right is the bright and spacious living room, leading from the hallway is the dining room with patio do..."
"The Maidstone is an IDEAL FAMILY HOME, designed with plenty of space for modern living. The ground floor has a dual-aspect lounge and OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with dining area and FRENCH DOORS leading to the garden. On the first floor are two double bedrooms, with an EN SUITE to the main, a single bedr..."
"OVERLOOKING THE FIELDS BEHIND THIS BEAUTIFUL FOUR BEDROOM PROPERTY IS SPACIOUS THROUGHOUT AND HAS A LOVELY REAR GARDEN. Positioned on a sought after road in Arksey, this fabulous home offers plenty to all purchasers in search of a new property in DN5. This semi-detached home briefly comprises of ..."
Great opportunity to purchase a GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT in sought after market town BAWTRY. Having TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS & OFF STREET PARKING along with OPEN PLAN LIVING. Modern and well presented throughout. LOW MAINTENANCE GARDEN. Offered with NO CHAIN. Call us now to arrange your viewing!
"Guide Price £210,000 - 230,000 A beautiful 300 acre park with a stunning mix of lakes and open grassland within a short distance from the village of Armthorpe. The park has excellent transport links with the market town of Doncaster only a short drive away and boasts e..."
This fabulously presented three bedroom semi-detached family home which has an upgraded kitchen and bathroom. The property has front and side gardens with off road parking for two vehicles and a pleasant outlook to the side.
"The extremely popular Hanbury is a three-bedroom family home with a bright and modern open-plan kitchen/diner which has French doors leading into the garden. The downstairs WC, three handy storage cupboards and an en suite to bedroom one mean it ticks all the boxes for practical family living."
"The Sutton is a three-bedroom home designed for modern-day living. Its family-friendly features include a kitchen/dining room, a front-aspect living room and a convenient downstairs WC. There are two first-floor bedrooms along with the family bathroom and the master bedroom is on the second floor."
The Sloane is a charming 3 bedroom property designed with modern families in mind. The living and dining room boasts a light and airy feel thanks to the bi-folding doors leading out to the rear garden. With the first floor offering a large master bedroom with en-suite.
"Offered for sale with no chain and ready to move straight into! This beautifully presented new build property has been upgraded by the current sellers and is sure to appeal to a wide range of purchasers. Benefiting from generous sized bedrooms, en suite shower room and kitchen with appliances!"
Design-led living in this home features OPEN PLAN living with EXCLUSIVE KITCHEN DESIGNS with integrated appliances and BIFOLD doors. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM.
"Your new home features and open-plan dining kitchen with French doors to the garden. Downstairs, you will also find a comfortable lounge and handy downstairs cloakroom. Upstairs, you will find 2 double bedrooms and a single that could also be used as a study. A stylish family bathroom completes t..."
"The Danbury has a lovely natural flow that leads you through the living space. The hallway opens into the living room, the living room into the kitchen/dining room and the kitchen/dining room into the garden. This home will suit first-time buyers and young professionals."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, this traditional property enjoys a large plot on this popular, tree lined roadway in Scawthorpe. The property although in need of modernisation has huge potential to become a stunning family home. With an abundance of space the property boasts a generou..."
"A desirable three bedroom detached house situated in the very popular village of Armthorpe. The property benefits from having excellent motorway access, great local schooling and a whole array of local amenities. Call now to arrange a viewing on ..."
"A well positioned three bedroom mid town house set amongst a small cul-de-sac lying within easy reach of a host of local amenities, schools and bus routes. The accommodation comprises: hallway, separate wc and cream kitchen with integrated appliances, lounge/dining room with storage cupboard, bo..."
"A fabulous family home on theoutskirts of Rossington , quiet location with its own drive for several cars/ single garage & very private rear garden. REF: LC-SW"
"Guide Price: £200,000 A three bedroom detached house occupying a freehold plot of approx . 0.18 acre in the heart of Finningley and within easy reach of the motorway network. The property requires modernisation and offers excellent potential including possible redevelopment (STP) FOR..."
"DMBC : PLANNING REF - 21/03583/FUL GUIDE PRICE : £200,000 - £220,000 Planning consent has been granted for the erection of a 3 bedroom detached 'dormer' style property, located within this highly sought after location, affording easy access to Doncaster town centre and the mot..."
"A perfect first family home, the Palmerston is a popular 3 bedroom home. Downstairs offers an open-plan kitchen diner withFrench doors to the garden, a comfortable lounge, and a useful cloakroom. Upstairs, you will find an impressive main bedroom, an additional double bedroom, and a further sin..."
You must view this stunning family home on popular development. On our visit we were blown away with the standard of the accommodation and the stunning rear garden. Book your viewing now &be quick or you will miss it.
"** WOW FACTOR FAMILY HOME !! ** GUIDE PRICE £200,000.00 TO £210,000.00 Viewing is essential to appreciate the standard and finish that this property has to offer.This stunning 4 bedroomed home is located on Osborne Avenue , Woodlands, DN6 and comes with many outstanding features including dou..."
"GUIDE PRICE-£200,000-£215,000. This immaculately presented show home standard and finished three bedroom semi-detached family home has much to offer with a South-West facing generous rear garden and a stunning open plan breakfast kitchen living diner tucked away within a cul-de-sac location."
A rare opportunity to purchase a deceptively large period cottage located in the desirable hamlet village of Hampole. This quirky cottage is set in a peaceful location and viewing is essential. 
Situated in this popular location close local amenities and transport links is this fabulous well presented three bedroom semi detached family home which has many upgrades and must be viewed.
"This three bedroom semi-detached home is situated in this popular location on a corner plot location. The property has spacious accommodation throughout with a lounge, kitchen diner, downstairs WC and an en-suite shower room."
"GUIDE PRICE-£200,000-£210,000. An immaculate four bedroom semi-detached family home positioned on a corner plot within a cul-de-sac location and situated close to local amenities, primary and secondary schools and transport links."
"A modern, well presented family home stood on a popular residential development with garage, gardens and off road parking. Viewing recommended"
VIEWING ESSENTIAL - Spacious THREE DOUBLE bedroom detached house. Newly fitted kitchen. Lounge and dining room. UPVC conservatory. Modern bathroom. Gated driveway to garage. Private rear garden. Small popular side road. Close to schools.
This attractive 3 bedroom semi-detached home nestled in a quiet new build estate would be ideal for first-time buyers. It is well placed for access to local amenities whilst having excellent transport links.
"The 3 bedroom Palmerston is ideal for first-time buyers. Your new home features an open-plan dining kitchen with French doors to the garden. Downstairs, you will also find a comfortable lounge and handy downstairs cloakroom. Upstairs, you will find 2 double bedrooms and a single that could also b..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £200,000 - £250,000 *** Your chance to build your ‘GRAND DESIGN PROJECT'. With planning permission already passed to extend and redevelop the existing building to a contemporary styled 4 bedroom detached dormer bungalow overlooking beautiful countryside."
"This three/ four bedroom semi-detached dorma bungalow is situated in this desirable location of Blaxton and is tucked away in a cul de sac. The property benefits from having a driveway with garage providing off road parking, front and rear gardens and having spacious living accommodation throughout."
"GUIDE PRICE-£200,000-£225,000. Situated in this popular location is this extended well-presented detached family home which has front and rear gardens and off road parking. The property is ideal for growing families and first time buyers."
"GUIDE PRICE-£200,000 - 210,000. This stunning three bedroom modern semi-detached family home is situated on the outskirts of Rossington with stunning views to the front. The property is conveniently located with easy access to the local M18 motorway network, Tickhill Village and Rossington itself."
"NOT A THING TO DO! This stunning bungalow is located on a cul de sac in this ever popular modern development. With a stylish kitchen with built in appliances, landscaped garden and much more. You will not want to miss out . Call now to view"
"READY FOR PASTURES NEW - THEN VIEW PASTURES MEWS! Situated on this sought after modern, residential estate & tucked away at the head of the cul-de-sac, this 3 bedroom det boasts beautifully presented accommodation, a drive, garage & delightful gardens- a perfect family home- CALL NOW!"
"GUIDE PRICE-£200,000-£220,000 Situated in this sought after location in Armthorpe is this well presented three bedroom detached home which occupies a corner plot and is ideal for a first time buyer/young families and is close to local amenities and transport links."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £200,000 - £210,000 *** Located in this attractive close, a large 3 storey 3 bedroom semi detached house offering contemporary style living."
This superb stone built house is offered for sale with no onward chain and resides in an exclusive cul-de-sac in the sought after village of Norton. We strongly urge an early internal viewing to avoid disappointment. Awaiting epc ratings.
"*** GUIDE PRICE £200,000 - £210,000 *** Enjoying a larger than average corner position, this original 3 bedroom semi detached bungalow has been extended and makes for a better layout with more living space."
"GUIDE PRICE £200,000 - £210,000 This beautiful Three bedroom family home is a property you need to view to fully appreciate whats on offer. The three bedroom Gosford New Build design will appeal to both first-time buyers and families looking for a little extra space. The Gosford has a kitchen/d..."
"** KITCHEN TO BE COMPLETED UPON BUYERS SPECIFICATION  - with the option to alter the worktops **  Situated in the quiet yet popular area of Kirk Sandall, on the outskirts of Doncaster, comes this well-presented home, SPACIOUS Ideal for first-time buyers or investors lo..."
"Reeds Rains are delighted to offer For Sale this two bedroom semi detached bungalow located within the popular and much sought after area of Bessacarr. Being very well presented and briefly comprising of; entrance hall, lounge/dining room, kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom together with low m..."
"An ideal home for FIRST-TIME BUYERS, the Palmerston offers an OPEN-PLAN kitchen with dining area and FRENCH DOORS leading to the SOUTH EAST FACING GARDEN. A spacious lounge and handy cloakroom complete the ground floor.
Upstairs, you will find 2 double bedrooms and a single that could also be use..."
Detached House - For sale by Auction - 4th April 2023 (subject to usual conditions)
"Offered with no onward chain and vacant possession this large three bedroom semi-detached property enjoys a great spot in a desirable location in Cusworth. In need of modernisation, this property has masses of potential to become a stunning family home with an abundance of space .There is also ob..."
"CHAIN FREE.....EARLY VIEWING ESSENTIAL....... Located on this sought after development, a gorgeous 3 bedroom semi detached house with many high quality upgrades."
Situated on a popular residential estate in Lakeside is this spacious three bedroom end terrace property which is perfect for a young professional couple or an first time buyer. The property has ample living space both internally and externally as well having allocated parking. 
"GUIDE PRICE-£200,000-£220,000. This three bedroom semi detached bungalow is situated in this popular village location of Barnby Dun. The property occupies a generous plot and has front and rear gardens, off road parking and a garage."
"***EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY***NO VENDOR CHAIN*** To purchase this excellent two bedroom detached bungalow situated in a very sought after area of Mexborough. A short drive to local shops, train and bus stations this property is ideal for any mover or planning for retirement."
