Summary
"We are delighted to be marketing this well presented detached family home situated within exclusive estate of executive homes, close to all amenities, Tesco superstore and local schooling. This property has excellent outdoor space with patio areas and is situated on a generous corner plot which i..."
"A fine example of a classical villa, offering three floors of spacious accommodation, set-apart by its collection of elegant period features & exceptional, elevated views to the South, towards the Firth of Forth. The house stands in a generous plot within a sought-after pocket of D..."
"*SHOWHOME OPEN TO VIEW* The Burgess is a beautiful home which features an open-plan kitchen, breakfast/dining area with utility room and French doors to the rear garden. Upstairs, there are 4 large double bedrooms and 2 en suite shower rooms. This home also features a double garage and driveway."
"Ideal family home in the highly desired Duloch Park area of Dunfermline, close to excellent amenities and transport links. This executive 4 bedroomed detached villa is in excellent order throughout with double garage, driveway and well kept private gardens. Viewing available through YOPA website."
"The Avondale is an expansive energy efficient, chain free family home which features an open-plan kitchen and breakfast area along with utility room and French doors to the rear garden. Upstairs features an large master bedroom with en-suite, plus Juliette balcony and second en suite to bedroom 2."
"The Avondale is a 4-bedroom family home which presents an open-plan kitchen and dining area with adjoining utility room, a front-facing living room, and an integral garage. Upstairs, there are two en-suite shower rooms, a Juliette balcony to bedroom 2, and modern family bathroom"
"The Pinehurst is a spacious chain free home with ground floor living, including an open-plan kitchen, dining and family area with French doors to the rear garden and a utility room. Upstairs features 3 large double bedrooms, with fitted wardrobe, an en suite and Juliette balcony to bedroom 1."
"The Victoria is a stunning chain free, energy efficient home which boasts a contemporary, open-plan kitchen and dining area with French doors to the rear garden and utility room with sink facilities. Upstairs, there are 4 large double bedrooms with an en suite and fitted wardrobe to bedroom 1. "
"The Victoria is a stunning chain free, energy efficient home which boasts a contemporary, open-plan kitchen and dining area with French doors to the rear garden and utility room with sink facilities. Upstairs, there are 4 large double bedrooms with an en suite and fitted wardrobe to bedroom 1."
"The Warriston is the perfect home for larger families, with five bedrooms, three bathrooms, plenty of living space and the bonus of an integral garage. The Warriston features a front-aspect lounge, a large kitchen/dining room with direct access to the garden, a utility room and a useful cloakroom."
"An excellent 4 bedroom detached property within school catchment for Queen Anne High School, this attractive home has been lovingly decorated throughout and is a credit to the current owner. Magnificent in size and spacious throughout, early viewings are highly recommended. EPC=C Council Tax Band=F"
"We are delighted to bring to the market these exclusive four bed townhouses built by Amerio Homes within an exclusive gated community, offering luxury homes to families and couples. Situated in the heart of town this exciting development gives discerning buyers the opportunity to buy off plan and..."
"The Oakmont is an expansive family home which boasts a contemporary, open-plan kitchen/breakfast area with French doors to the rear garden and a utility room/clock room. Upstairs there are 4 double bedrooms with an en suite and fitted wardrobe to bedroom 1 plus a modern family bathroom for the rest"
"The Oakmont is an expansive family home which boasts a contemporary, open-plan kitchen/breakfast area with French doors to the rear garden and a utility room/clock room. Upstairs there are 4 double bedrooms with an en suite and fitted wardrobe to bedroom 1 plus a modern family bathroom for the rest."
"The Whithorn is a lovely four-bedroom family home that features a bright lounge with a triple window, a kitchen/dining room with French doors, a utility room and a downstairs cloakroom. Bedroom one is en suite, bedrooms two and three share a Jack and Jill bathroom and there's a family bathroom too."
"Excellent family home situated in quiet cul-de-sac within well established executive Calais Muir Estate on Aberdour Road, with direct access to the motorway network and all amenities. This generous villa is in good condition throughout with great outdoor space, fully enclosed private gardens with..."
"A substantial traditional detached house in a secluded location just a short distance from Dunfermline city centre. The property has been extended providing flexible family accommodation over three levels and comprises - Spacious lounge, stylish kitchen with a range of quality grey base and wall..."
26 South Larch Road is a superb 4 bedroom detached family house located in the popular and convenient city of Dunfermline. The property forms part of a pleasant and peaceful ...
"Stylish, contemporary penthouse apartment finished to a high standard and situated within the heart of Dunfermline and its amenities. Accommodation Ground Floor: Hall, open plan Kitchen/Dining/Living Room, Mezzanine Office level above, Principal Bedroom with ensuite Shower R..."
"The Rosedale is an expansive chain free home which features and open-plan living/dining area with French doors. Upstairs, bedroom 1 benefits from a private en suite, while he remaining bedrooms share a modern family bathroom. This stunning home also features an integral garage."
"We are delighted to bring to the market this stunning family home, which has undergone upgrading and modernisation over the last few years, being a credit to the present owners and offered in move in condition. The garage conversion is versatile and can be used as a fourth bedroom. The subjects b..."
"IMPRESSIVE SPACIOUS 4/5 BED DETACHED VILLA. Hall, Lounge, Dining Rm, Fitted Kitchen,Office/Bed 5, Utility,WC Master Bed (en-suite), 3 Double Bedrooms, Bathroom. Storage. GCH/DG. Drive(2 cars). Front Garden. Terraced Rear Garden. Walking distance to schools/shops. Quick Access to M90. Co..."
"The Erinvale is an attractive, 3-bedroom family home which features an open-plan kitchen/dining area with French doors to the rear garden, along with separate living room. Upstairs, the double master bedroom features an en suite and a Juliet balcony, whilst the remaining share a family bathroom"
"A modern, four bedroom detached villa located within a sought-after residential cul-de-sac. 30 Brodick Gardens is situated within a popular residential setting within the eastern expansion of Dunfermline. An excellent location with Fife Leisure Park offering a variety of amenities including va..."
"Well appointed three bed detached villa in the sought after Garvock area of town. The property is generous throughout and briefly comprises entrance vestibule, lounge, dining kitchen, three bedrooms and bathroom. There is good storage and attic. The property is keenly priced and early entry is av..."
NEW BUILD with off street PARKING. Spacious lounge dining area with patio doors leading out into the GARDEN. Kitchen includes INTEGRATED APPLIANCES. Down stairs WC and great under stairs storage. Two double BEDROOMS with fitted wardrobes. Family bathroom INCLUDES tiling and shower over bath.
"This spacious Four Bedroom Detached House is located in a quiet cul-de-sac in the popular Duloch area of Dunfermline. The property would make the ideal family home and comprises – reception hallway, spacious lounge with fireplace providing a focal point and a dining kitchen which has inset gas ho..."
"A fantastic family home, not far from good schooling, local amenities and excellent transport links, this would suit a large range of buyers. Generously sized throughout with ample space for flexible living, this property is a fantastic purchase. Council Tax Band=E EPC=C"
Wonderful four bedroom detached house
Modern & Stylish 4 bedroom detached villa
"A traditional detached four bedroom villa circa1920, offering spacious and flexible accommodation and comprising - Entrance hallway onto the ground floor with stair leading down to the lower ground floor. On the ground level there are four great sized bedrooms and a four piece bathroom. On the lo..."
Modern and stylish family villa in residential location with a short walk to the local shops and schooling. This home is ideally located with all local amenities at your fingertips. The accommodation is well presented and a credit to the present owners with excellent outdoor space with feature de...
"A traditional detached house in a popular area of Dunfermline. The property has generous flexible accommodation and comprises - Entrance vestibule, lounge with bay window and recessed shelving, sitting room which is currently being utilised as a 4th bedroom by the current owners, dining area ope..."
"Plot 142 Linen Quarter, our highly anticipated next phase of Damask at Pilmuir Street, Dunfermline is now released. We anticipate there will be high demand for these properties so contact us as soon as possible on to find out more. EPC = EXEMPT. Council Tax Band = E"
"Your Move are proud to present to the market this impressive 3 bedroom detached property. Seldom available and deceptively spacious, viewings are a must to appreciate the size! Close to all local amenities, this property would suit a large range of buyers. EPC=D Council Tax Band=E"
"A beautifully presented Detached Villa in an exclusive and established sought after residential location, close to Dunfermline Town Centre. Built by Persimmon Homes, the property is situated close to amenities and within a short walking distance of Queen Anne High School.The proper..."
"Your Move are proud to present to the market this stunning 3 bedroom detached property. Close to the city centre of Dunfermline, local amenities and excellent transport links, early viewings are highly recommended! Council Tax Band=E EPC=D"
"Your Move are pleased to present to the market this stunning, stylish and modern 3 bedroom detached family home. Truly move in condition, any buyer could move in with little fuss. Surrounded by local amenities, good schooling and excellent transport links, book your viewing today! EPC=C Council T..."
An excellent opportunity to purchase this Three Bedroom Terraced House which is located in a highly sought after residential location a short distance from Dunfermline City Centre. The property offers spacious accommodation featured over two levels with the ground floor comprising – Entrance vest...
"Launching this Autumn Damask is a stylish development of only nine glorious apartments converted from our Victorian building inspired by an NYC loft style; high ceilings, columns, impressive windows and stunning mezzanine space. The property is offered fully carpeted inclusive of the asking price..."
"We are delighted to offer to the market this 3 bed semi-detached home in the very sought after area of Duloch Park. An excellent location with Fife Leisure Park offering a variety of amenities including various restaurants, coffee shops, health club and a ten-screen cinema. Transport links are av..."
"Superb opportunity to acquire this attractive traditional mid terraced property circa 1900. Internal floor area 109sq. metres. Walking distance to town centre, train and bus stations. The property comprises Vestibule. Hallway. Living room (bay window). Dining room. Kitchen. Downstairs bathroom. 3..."
"Most appealing and rarely available mid terraced property circa 1900. Located in an established and private residential on the northwest side of Dunfermline. Convenient for town centre, Pittencrieff Park, schools and transport links. The property comprises - Hall. Downstairs WC. Lounge. Dining..."
"Stunning ShowHome opening this Saturday 29th October at 11am. New Marketing suite 11-5 Thursday to Sunday SatNav KY12 9FY Plot 172 Linen Quarter, our highly anticipated next phase of Damak at Pilmuir Street, Dunfermline is now released. We anticipate there will be hig..."
"Plot 136 Linen Quarter, our highly anticipated next phase of Damask at Pilmuir Street, Dunfermline is now released. We anticipate there will be high demand for these properties so contact us as soon as possible on to find out more. EPC = EXEMPT. Council Tax Band = E"
"The Ardbeg is a three-bedroom home designed for modern family living. Features of the Ardbeg include an entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, front-aspect lounge and a spacious open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading out to the rear garden. Bedroom one has its own en-suite facility."
"Plot 132 Linen Quarter, our highly anticipated next phase of Damask at Pilmuir Street, Dunfermline is now released. We anticipate there will be high demand for these properties so contact us as soon as possible on to find out more. EPC = EXEMPT. Council Tax Band = E"
"Plot 178 Linen Quarter, our highly anticipated next phase of Damask at Pilmuir Street, Dunfermline is now released. We anticipate there will be high demand for these properties so contact us as soon as possible on to find out more. EPC = EXEMPT. Council Tax Band = E"
"Plot 140 Linen Quarter, our highly anticipated next phase of Damask at Pilmuir Street, Dunfermline is now released. We anticipate there will be high demand for these properties so contact us as soon as possible on to find out more. EPC = EXEMPT. Council Tax Band = E"
"Plot 148 Linen Quarter, our highly anticipated next phase of Damask at Pilmuir Street, Dunfermline is now released. We anticipate there will be high demand for these properties so contact us as soon as possible on to find out more. EPC = EXEMPT. Council Tax Band = E"
"We are delighted to introduce this immaculately presented, semi detached, extended, four bedroom family home which is positioned well away from any traffic in this quiet cul de sac providing a child safe, pet safe environment within which to raise a family. Early viewing is highly recommended for..."
"Well presented end terraced villa offering superb accommodation over two levels ideally suiting families or couples. The accommodation comprises on the lower level: entrance hall, downstairs wc, lounge, dining kitchen with French doors leading to the rear gardens. On the upper level there are tw..."
"A well-presented, two-bedroom semi-detached villa situated within the ever-popular Garvock area of Dunfermline. Lovely southerly aspects and parking for several cars. Ideal for amenities with primary schooling within easy walking distance as well as the town centre on foot or local bus routes...."
"Terrific MUST VIEW Villa, 3 Bedrooms Master En Suite. Great location. Situated on the Eastern edges of Duloch Park is this ideal family home located in this desired area which is well served for local amenities and transport links. The property is a tastefully presented mid terraced villa benefi..."
"Launching this Autumn Damask is a stylish development of only nine glorious apartments converted from our Victorian building inspired by an NYC loft syle; high ceilings, columns, impressive windows and stunning mezzanine space. The property is offered fully carpeted inclusive of the asking price...."
"Spacious double upper flat in substantial stone building close to train station and city centre making it ideal for the commuter. Comprising: entrance hall, bay windowed lounge, dining room, kitchen, 3 bedrooms and shower room, private garden and timber garage. Viewing through YOPA website."
"An immaculate and upgraded, three-bedroom end terraced villa situated within a popular residential setting to the North of Dunfermline Town centre. Amenities are available via Dunfermline Town centre with primary and secondary schooling available nearby. Dunfermline town offers a range of amen..."
"A truly impressive traditional ground floor flat in the heart of Dunfermline city centre. The property boasts generous proportions throughout and comprises - Entrance vestibule, bright and welcoming reception hallway, stylish lounge with bay window and cast iron fireplace, generous dining kitche..."
"Ideal for first-time buyers, downsizers or flat owners who are perhaps now looking for a garden, The Portree is an outstanding terraced home comprising a lounge, well-equipped kitchen with the bonus of direct access to the back garden, downstairs cloakroom, two spacious double bedrooms and bathroom."
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND C We are delighted to offer to the market this wonderful 2-bedroom semi detached bungalow on Chamberfield Road, Dunfermline. The property offers a well-adapted layout and comfortable accommodation supporting a wide array of individual or ..."
Rarely available period apartment with the benefit of large gardens to rear providing excellent outdoor space and side garden with greenhouse. The property also has a single garage/lock up (middle one) for additional storage. The subjects offer great potential to re-configure the layout as this w...
"Plot 168 Linen Quarter, our highly anticipated next phase of Damask at Pilmuir Street, Dunfermline is now released. We anticipate there will be high demand for these properties so contact us as soon as possible on to find out more. EPC = EXEMPT"
"Combining traditional features with modern contemporary living, this large traditional ground floor apartment within converted ""B"" listed linen mill provides spacious accommodation for any discerning buyer looking for an easy to maintain property within walking distance of the city centre and tra..."
"A well proportioned three bedroom semi-detached house in a popular residential area. The property comprises - Bright entrance hallway, dual aspect lounge with patio doors to the rear, dining kitchen with gas hob, electric oven, space for fridge/freezer, utility area with storage and space for la..."
"Popular by demand this 3 bedroom property is situated in an excellent location for commuter and transport links. Deceptively spacious throughout and well presented. School catchment for Woodmill Highschool, this stunning family home would suit a large range of buyers! EPC=D Council Tax Band=B"
A modern mid terraced villa in quiet setting close to city centre and good local amenities. 
"An immaculate, stylish and recently decorated ground floor flat in a sought-after location within the heart of Dunfermline's City Centre. Ideal for a range of amenities including various shops, restaurants and leisure facilities all within a short distance of the property. Dunfermline Bus a..."
Selling below Home Report valuation.  McDougall McQueen present to the market this traditional main door one bedroom flat with a private patio area to the rear. The property is ideally located in the popular town of Dunfermline close to many local amenities and schooling along with Dunfermli...
"An excellent opportunity to purchase this Terraced house which is located a short distance from Dunfermline City Centre. The property would make an ideal first time purchase or may suit someone looking to downsize. The internal accommodation comprises entrance hall, spacious lounge with built-in ..."
"Excellent opportunity to purchase this well presented upper maisonette in popular city centre location close to all amenities and schooling. The property would suit first time buyers, couples, small families and landlords with a potential rental yield of 6.8%. The property is accessed via extern..."
A well proportioned end terraced villa with ample off street parking and large garden grounds. 
"Situated in the heart of the city centre is this generous three bedroom upper flat with shared parking spaces and drying green, a major benefit for city centre living. The accommodation would benefit from some cosmetic upgrading and briefly comprise private front door leading up to hallway, open ..."
"A fantastic property situated within the City Centre of Dunfermline. Generously sized throughout with large double bedrooms, this property would be ideal for anyone looking for extra space for flexible living and working from home. Council Tax Band=C EPC=D"
Lovely second-floor apartment with excellent commuter links
DESIRABLE 2 BED GROUND FLOOR FLAT WITHIN A QUIET RESIDENTIAL AREA CLOSE TO COMMUTER LINKS AND CENTER OF DUNFERMLINE. COMMUNAL GARDEN GROUNDS INCLUDING A DRYING AREA AND BIN STORE. RESIDENTS' PARKING. GCH & DG.
Keenly priced excellent starter home or would suit families with having three bedrooms. This mid terraced villa is well appointed within the estate and has ample resident parking bays adjacent. Easy to maintain gardens to the rear fully enclosed providing a child and pet safe environment. The acc...
"We are delighted to introduce this bright, spacious, two double bedroom, semi-detached family home which offers a fantastic opportunity for young growing families, investors and first time buyers alike. The property benefits from double glazing throughout and gas central heating. Early viewing ..."
BRIGHT AND SPACIOUS 2 BED UPPER FLAT IN WALK IN CONDITION. DRIVEWAY AND ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN. CLOSE TO THE CENTRE OF DUNFERMLINE AND COMMUTER LINKS. GCH & DG.
"Slater, Hogg & Howison are delighted to bring to market this modern ground floor apartment. Located within the desirable Duloch development on the eastern expansion of Dunfermline, the property is conveniently located for an abundance of local amenities as well as for town centre and road/ra..."
"A spacious, two bedroom first floor flat located within walking distance of Dunfermline’s town centre. A [erfect first time home or investment with a variety of amenities close to hand including various shops, bars and restaurants via Dunfermline Town centre. Retail Park offering gym and..."
"Bright and well proportioned ground floor flat attractively located within popular residential area. Entrance vestibule, Hall, Lounge, Breakfasting kitchen, 2 Double bedrooms, Shower room. Double glazing. Gas central heating. Neatly presented. Gardens to front and rear. Off street parking..."
"Keenly priced in need of renovation this end terraced two bedroom villa is quietly situated within popular residential estate. Garage/Lock up off Walker Place. The property briefly comprises entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, two double bedrooms and bathroom. The property is double glazed and requir..."
"2 BED GROUND FLOOR MAIN DOOR FLAT. Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen/diner, 2 Double Bedrooms, Bathroom. Storage. Triple Glazing. Parking Space. Communal Garden. Short distance to city centre. Local amenities within walking distance. SUPERB FIRST TIME BUY OR BUY TO LET OPPORTUNITY. Council Tax ..."
"Unique opportunity to acquire this one bedroom mews property located within a popular residential setting within the eastern expansion of Dunfermline. An excellent location with Fife Leisure Park offering a variety of amenities including various restaurants, coffee shops, health club and a ten..."
"A brilliant opportunity to purchase this ground floor flat close to Dunfermline City Centre. Ideal for any buyer to put their own stamp on, this property has great potential. Catchment for Queen Anne High School, this would be ideal for first time buyers, small families and btl investors. Council..."
** Timed Online Auction - 06 April 2023 ** SITE IN PRIME RESIDENTIAL LOCATION 0.35 Hectares (0.88 Acres) in the heart of Dunfermline. Unique area of land bordering housing and parkland. Seldom available auction location..
