Summary
A development opportunity to purchase a former commercial premises with planning for three luxury apartments opposite Jubilee Gardens and less than a mile from the mainline railway station - Planning Ref 22/00096/ERN.
"Queen Adelaide Farm is an attractive lifestyle property with a well presented four bedroom detached dwelling and private specimen carp fishery, set in a total of 4.3 acres (1.7 ha). "
"A centrally located detached family home benefitting from being offered for sale with no upward chain. The property offers substantial accommodation including 5 bedrooms, 3 reception rooms, generous gardens and off road vehicular parking. PLEASE NOTE: The internal photographs contained..."
"Offered for sale by Palace Green Homes, this substantial detached home is available for sale with no upward chain. Located on the edge of Ely on a mature development which once housed RAF and US Air force personnel and their families, the property comprises entrance hall, utility, cloakroom, dini..."
A beautifully presented and deceptively spacious four / five bedroom dormer bungalow situated approximately 200 metres from the City Centre on the popular Vineyards.
"The Albertus presents FOUR DOUBLE bedrooms, set on a DETACHED PLOT with a GARAGE and PARKING. There's a spacious SOUTH-EAST FACING GARDEN and the living room boasts DUAL ASPECT windows plus a UTILITY ROOM. The Master bedroom boasts an EN"
"Offered for sale by Palace Green Homes, this refurbished 4 bedroom detached home is available for sale with no upward chain. Located on the edge of Ely on a mature development which once housed RAF and US Air force personnel and their families, the estate has been a familiar landmark with familie..."
"This well presented townhouse is ideal for those looking to move straight into their next home, the property offers four double bedrooms, plenty of living space, utlity room, private south facing rear garden and garage. For more information call haart today"
"A rare opportunity to acquire a detached house situated on the south side of Silver Street, which is widely recognised as one of the best residential streets in Ely. While the property has been well maintained over the years, it would benefit from being updated, providing prospective purchasers w..."
"The Knightley (1429 Sq Ft) is a popular family home, and the 'L' shape of this property means that both the living room and the kitchen/dining room provide direct access, though French doors, into the garden. The ground floor has the considerable benefit of an additional living sp..."
A spacious and well appointed five bedroom semi-detached property which lies in a cul-de-sac position a little over a mile from the City centre.
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this immaculately presented 4-bedroom end-terrace townhouse set within a highly regarded development which is in walking distance of Ely town centre, river and parks. The well- appointed accommodation comprises large hall with storage cupboard and WC lead..."
haart are pleased to market this five bedroom property located on the popular estate of Stour Green. The front of the property overlooks a pleasant green area and from the back of the property you have some amazing Cathedral views and is within walking distance to local
"An extended link detached 5 bedroomed property situated within a popular cul de sac location close to primary schools, Ely College and convenient for the city centre. Comprises on the ground floor, entrance lobby, lounge, kitchen/breakfast room, dining/family room and on the first floor there ar..."
"Ideally located at the end of a private drive and overlooking green space, the Trusdale is a 4 bedroom home with a single garage & driveway parking."
"£8,997 enhanced specification inside Home 65!Upgrades inside home 65 include Elite kitchen door fronts, Bosch integrated kitchen appliances, laminate worktops, ceramic flooring, vinyl flooring and shower over bath.The Grainger is a detached home featuring four generously sized bedroom..."
"A substantial 4 bedroomed property including a studio flat, situated within a prime city location backing onto Cherry Hill Park, overlooking Jubilee Gardens to the front and being close to the mainline railway station. This highly individual and versatile residence comprises on the groun..."
A deceptively spacious and extended four bedroom semi detached house located within walking distance of Ely City centre and mainline railway station. The property is beautifully presented with the benefit of driveway and garage and set in large mature gardens.
"Well placed for access to the highly regarded St John's Community Primary School, this modern detached house occupies an excellent position within an established cul-de-sac on the west side of Ely. The accommodation, in brief, comprises:- entrance hall, cloakroom, sitting room, dining room, kitch..."
"FOUR bedroom semi detached home with flexible living over three floors. The house is as flexible as it is practical, with three floors creating all of the space you and your family need. From the open plan kitchen/dining area and the feature lounge, to the four bedrooms and integral garage, each ..."
"Situated on a private drive opposite a corridor of green space, the Midford is a 4 bedroom home with a single garage & 2 parking spaces."
The Midford is a 4 bedroom family home with a single garage & driveway parking and south facing garden.
"Believed to date from the 1950s this detached bungalow occupies a fine, non-estate location well placed for access to the city centre. A Co-op store, convenience store, public house and St Mary's Doctors Surgery are also within close proximity. Well maintained, the accommodation, in brief, compr..."
"This four bedroom/3 storey townhouse is offered for sale with a traditional layout, with the kitchen/Breakfast room on the ground floor. Close to local schools and available with no onward chain."
"An established semi detached property situated in a central city location within walking distance to amenities. Versatile accommodation includes entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, open plan kitchen/dining room, cloakroom, converted garage, 3 bedrooms, updated bathroom, ample parking and enclosed ..."
"A modern end of terrace property benefitting from being offered for sale with no upward chain. Accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge, cloakroom, kitchen opening to dining room, 3 bedrooms (1 ensuite) and bathroom. Outside there is a driveway, garage and enclosed garden."
"A superbly presented 3/4 bedroomed three storey house situated close to primary schools and Ely College and offered for sale with no upward chain. Comprises on the ground floor, entrance hall, cloakroom, modern kitchen/dining room, utility and bed 4 /study. On the first floor there is a double be..."
"£5,000 Deposit Contribution! The Kateri presents a delightful new home which features OPEN PLAN LIVING and three DOUBLE BEDROOMS, two with DOUBLE FITTED WARDROBES while the Master bedroom boasts an EN-SUITE. Accompanying bedroom 2 and bedroom 3 is a 4-PEICE family BATHROOM. To find out more."
"An immaculately presented modern 3-storey townhouse forming part of a popular residential development. Accommodation includes 4 bedrooms (master with ensuite bathroom), open plan kitchen/dining room, lounge,. car port, driveway and garden."
Readysteadysold are proud to present this 5 bed link detached property located in Ely.
The 3 bedroom Yewdale is a traditional double-fronted home ideally suited to first time buyers or young families.
"A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED PENT HOUSE APARTMENT BENEFITTING FROM TWO SHOWER ROOMS, TWO SPACIOUS BEDROOMS AND ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE IN THE PRIVATE CAR PARK."
"Enjoy the high life with the three-storey Aslin (1112 Sq Ft). This four bedroom home has been thoughtfully designed with modern day family life in mind. With two substantial living spaces, and the bedrooms spread over the two upper floors, this layout is extremely popular.
The ground ..."
"Enjoy the high life with the three-storey Aslin. This four bedroom home has been thoughtfully designed with modern day family life in mind. With two substantial living spaces, and the bedrooms spread over the two upper floors, this layout is extremely popular.
The ground floor kitchen..."
"An immaculately presented modern 3-storey townhouse situated within a no-through road cul de sac position. Versatile accommodation comprises entrance hall, cloakroom, utility room, family room, study/bedroom 4, first floor open plan kitchen/dining room and lounge, 3 further bedrooms on the secon..."
"The first Chelbury home design to be released, this home is a 4 bedroom townhouse offering flexible and contemporary living across 3 storeys."
"Move into the 3 bedroom Yewdale this Summer. This home has optional extras included worth over £4,100 and we can help contribute towards your deposit*."
"A brilliant opportunity to purchase this well-kept; semi-detached home set within Ely's highly sought after Brays Lane, where properties are rarely available for sale. All city centre shops are within easy walking distance with the train station and riverside located close by. This property also ..."
"The Grantham offers the very best in townhouse living, with space and storage to spare across three floors, creating the perfect home for the larger family. The ground floor offers a lively kitchen / dining room, which will soon become the hub of family life, from the chaos of breakfas..."
"Home 57 now comes with Internal Upgrades Inside worth £6,400! This includes Premium kitchen with integrated Bosch appliances, laminate worktop and shower over bath.Enjoy the high life with the three-storey Aslin (1112 Sq Ft). This three bedroom home has been thoughtfully designed with..."
The 3 bedroom Easedale at Lantern Croft boasts a south facing garden and has 2 allocated spaces in the private parking court.
The 3 bedroom Yewdale is ideally suited to first time buyers or young families and includes a fully integrated kitchen & shower over the bath.
The 3 bedroom Easedale is ideally suited to first time buyers or young families and features an upgraded kitchen & shower over the bath.
This home is a 4 bedroom townhouse offering flexible and contemporary living across 3 storeys.
"Home 66 includes Upgraded Specification worth £7,890!Upgrades inside include Premium kitchen door fronts, integrated Bosch appliances, downlighters, shower over bath and towel warmer.Enjoy the high life with the three-storey Aslin. This three bedroom home has been thoughtfully designe..."
"If you are looking for a lovely family home within a short walking distance to the center of Ely, then this could be it! Period features yet a modern interior also benefits from a rear extension creating a cloakroom and utility and private driveway parking situated at the rear."
"A well presented three bedroom, two bathroom (one en-suite), detached property which lies at the end of a small spur off the close within this sought after City location."
"THREE BEDROOM semi-detached home with OPEN PLAN KITCHEN, SEPARATE LOUNGE and EN-SUITE MASTER BEDROOM. With traditional features and craftsmanship to the outside of the property, and the pinnacle of modern living to be found inside, The Ludlow is a home for you to truly fall in love with."
"Home 67 now comes with upgraded specification worth £4,950 including premium kitchen and integrated Bosch appliances.The Aslin is a fantastic four bedroom home with flexible accommodation - a true family home.
On the ground floor there is an open-plan kitchen/diner, a downstairs cloa..."
The Cassian presents a THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM semi-detached home. This new home has a spacious OPEN PLAN living/dining room with FRENCH DOORS leading out to the SOUTH FACING garden. The Master bedroom boasts a DOUBLE SHOWER EN-SUITE and a 
"The 3 bedroom Gosford offers contemporary living for both first time buyers and families and has an optional extras included worth over £3,900."
"The 3 bedroom Braxton offers contemporary living for both first time buyers and families and has 2 parking spaces, including a carport."
"A brilliant chance to purchase this decent sized; three-bedroom end of terrace property in the highly popular Cardinals Way development with the added benefit of being offered with no upward chain. Through the front door, an entrance hall gives access to a downstairs WC, kitchen and l..."
"A well located 4 bedroom link-detached house, with driveway and generously sized enclosed garden. Positioned in a quiet residential cul-de-sac within walking distance of Ely city centre, Ely's well served railway station, and in the sought-after catchment of St. John's primary school..."
"The property is ideal for families as it offers a spacious reception rooms, an open plan kitchen/dining room and cloakroom downstairs. Upstairs the property offers three bedrooms with the master benefiting from a ensuite and a family bathroom"
"Home 64 comes with enhanced specification inside worth £6,164! The Mountford is a stunning double-fronted home.The ground floor features two substantial living spaces, each of which run the full length of the home. There's a sizeable, dual aspect living room which is bright and airy..."
The Braxton is a 3 bedroom townhouse offering flexible and contemporary living for first time buyers & families.
A beautifully presented ground floor two bedroom retirement apartment. A bright and spacious living room benefiting from large windows OVERLOOKING THE COMMUNAL GARDENS. Part of out RETIREMENT LIVING PLUS DEVELOPMENT
"An attractive Link-Detached Family Home with Conservatory to the rear, Carport & Garage. The property is located close to the City Centre and is well presented throughout. Accommodation comprises 3 Beds,EnSuite,Cloakroom,Conservatory, Bathroom, Carport, Garage & Enclosed Gardens."
"The Eveleigh (864 Sq Ft) - a charming semi detached 3-bedroom home that is spacious and well-appointed. You'll find an open-plan kitchen, downstairs cloakroom, and a hallway that leads to an impressively sized rear living room. Glazed patio doors lead out from the living room to a g..."
"Home 16 is READY TO MOVE INTO! PLUS, now comes with £7,821 worth of internal upgrades including flooring, downlights, and integrated kitchen appliances.The Eveleigh (864 Sq Ft) - a charming semi detached 3-bedroom home that is spacious and well-appointed. You'll find an open-plan ki..."
"The Raphael is a THREE bedroom home with PARKING. The OPEN PLAN living and dining area features a REAR DOOR to the GENEROUS GARDEN. Both the Master bedroom and bedroom 2 have FITTED WARDROBES and are accompanied by a good sized BATHROOM. Bedroom 3 could be used as a STUDY, great if you..."
A semi detached character cottage situated within a pleasant central city location within walking distance of amenities and benefitting from being offered for sale with no upward chain.
"NO CHAIN! This modern 3 bedroom home is ready to move straight into and offers bright and airy accommodation throughout which offers an open plan kitchen diner, downstairs cloakroom, good size bedrooms and 2 allocated parking spaces to the rear. VIEWING IS ESSENTIAL to appreciate everything thi..."
"A brilliant opportunity to purchase this immaculately presented; three-bedroom semi-detached home in the popular city of Ely, which has the extra added benefit of being offered with no upward chain. Downstairs consists of a modern kitchen which includes a range of eye and base level u..."
"A superbly presented two-bedroom terraced house, within a stone's throw of Ely City Centre. This character property has been extremely well maintained, including a new gas combi-boiler, updated kitchen together with tasteful decoration and a south-west-facing garden. The g..."
A well situated two bedroom detached bungalow which lies in a highly sought after location less than ½ a mile from the railway station and marina. No Upward Chain.
"The Brigid is a two bedroom home with PARKING. The OPEN PLAN living and dining area features a REAR DOOR to the GENEROUS GARDEN. Both the Master bedroom and bedroom 2 have FITTED WARDROBES and are accompanied by a good sized BATHROOM. Bedroom 2 could be used as a STUDY, great if you..."
A rare opportunity to purchase a detached three bedroom bungalow which lies in a sought after cul-de-sac just off Kings Avenue and with the benefit of no upward chain.
The Canford has 2 bedrooms and is ideal home for first time buyers with a south facing garden and side by side parking.
The energy efficient Canford is ideal for first time buyers and has 2 double bedrooms and sociable living space for entertaining family and friends.
"No Chain! Close to the City Centre sits this well presented mid terrace property, ideal for first time buyers"
The Canford is ideal for first time buyers and has 2 double bedrooms and allocated parking.
"Home 10 is READY TO MOVE INTO and comes with £7,576 worth of superb upgraded specification including Integrated BOSCH kitchen appliances, flooring throughout and turf to rear garden.Deposit Unlock available^ on this home meaning you only need a 5% deposit! The Cartwright (768 SqFt) is..."
"A brilliant opportunity to purchase this lovely two double bedroom end of terrace property set within a highly desirable area of Ely, only a short walk to the city centre and other amenities. The front door opens up into a great size lounge which benefits from a feature fireplace with wood ..."
 A 3 bedroom corner terrace house located in a popular area to the north of Ely. From the hallway is the cloakroom & then the lounge 9'4 x 12' with patio doors into conservatory 9'2 x 4'9 with single door to rear garden. Dining room ('2 x 5' with opening into kitchen with base & wall un...
A beautifully presented two double bedroom home with two en-suites situated on a generous plot overlooking Kings Avenue green.
"Abbotts presents this lovely three-bedroom mid-terrace house, with a beautiful rear garden located close to the heart of the City of Ely. It is approximately a 10-minute walk to the city centre and 20 minutes to the train station with connections to both Cambridge and London. This pro..."
"A brilliant chance to purchase this lovely two double bedroom property located within a popular area of Ely, close to all local amenities. The ground floor consists of a large 19ft lounge which benefits from a large window to help flood the room with natural light. The kitchen includes a ra..."
A modern two bedroom terraced house situated on a popular residential development approximately 1 mile to the City centre.
"A modern and rarely available design terraced property within a cul de sac location within a popular residential development. Comprises entrance hall, kitchen, lounge/dining room, 2 double bedrooms (1 ensuite) and bathroom, together with south facing garden and allocated parking."
"The Lidwina is a gorgeous, very SPACIOUS DETACHED HOUSE with a GARAGE and rear door to the SOUTH FACING GARDEN. This home offers a LARGE OPEN PLAN kitchen/living/dining room and two DOUBLE bedrooms, both with FITTED WARDROBES and accompanied by a good-sized bathroom. To find out more call us on..."
"A well-proportioned 2-bedroom end-terrace house, with a good sized low maintenance garden and an allocated parking space. Set back from the road and benefiting from gated access to the rear garden, and parking being directly to rear of the property. The ground floor offers ..."
The Yves Apartment presents OPEN PLAN living with a generous family bathroom and two BEDROOMS both with DOUBLE FITTED WARDROBES featuring SLIDING DOORS and the Master bedroom boasting a DOUBLE SHOWER EN-SUITE. There is ample storage through the home and TWO DEDICATED PARKING SPACES. For more info..
"A great opportunity for investors only to purchase this two-bedroom semi-detached property in a highly desirable area of Ely, with a tenant in situ. Current EPC rating is F. The current landlord has spent the prerequisite amount required to satify the exemption of minimum energy effic..."
"An outstanding second floor apartment of approximately 776 sq ft situated within a small, private development, of just ten apartments, ideally placed for access to all local amenities. Substantially larger than the majority of the other apartments it boasts an impressive and spacious open plan st..."
You MUST VIEW this lovely ground floor 2 bedroom flat - Large lounge - 5 minutes in to Ely City Centre - 10 minutes walk to the railway - Close to the riverside - onsite parking available (a must in the city centre) - Kitchen appliances included - Quiet cul-de-sac location - EPC rating D - Counci...
This well presented ground floor apartment is situated not far from the river in Ely. The property is located a short walk from Ely City Centre and would make an ideal first time buy or investment property. For more information call haart today
A delightful two double bedroom maisonette situated in a central location close to Waitrose and just a short walk from the Waterside and Ely mainline railway station.
An amazing opportunity to purchase this spacious three-bedroom terraced home which has been freshly painted throughout and benefits from being situated a short distance to the city centre; close to amenities and is also being offered with no upward chain. The downstairs consist of a g...
"This property is perfect for first time buyers.This well presented three bedroom end of terrace home is comprised of a shower room, lounge, dining area, fitted kitchen and utility room on the ground floor. On the first floor you will find three bedrooms plus parking."
"A well presented coach house style apartment situated within a popular development overlooking a green to the front. Accommodation comprises entrance hall with stairs leading to the first floor landing, 17'8"" x 10'2"" lounge/dining room, kitchen, 2 double bedrooms and bathroom, together with a gar..."
The Amand Apartments are spacious with an OPEN PLAN living/dining and kitchen area. Boasting DUAL ASPECT windows making the space feel light and airy. The DOUBLE bedroom is accompanied by a GOOD SIZED BATHROOM as well as FITTED STORAGE in the hall way. To find our more please contact the sales consu
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this *CHAIN FREE* well-presented ground floor apartment to the north of the City. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge/dining room with electric fireplace, fitted kitchen, master bedroom, a second bedroom and a fitted bathroom. The property has e..."
"A perfectly presented Ground Floor Apartment within walking distance of the City Centre of Ely.The property is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The apartment is in a popular development of similar properties.Accommodation comprises Lounge/diner,KitchenTwo Bedrooms and a Bathroom.Allocated Parking."
A beautifully presented two bedroom ground floor apartment situated in this stylish historic building.
A fantastic two bedroom house offered with a minimum 45% shared ownership on this new development in Ely. First properties are anticipated to be ready December 2022. Availability to reserve off plan! REGISTER YOUR INTEREST TODAY! Subject to local connection criteria and affordability.
"This ground floor studio apartment is well located in the City of Ely and within walking distance of the city centre and the Ely train station, with railway links to both Cambridge and London. Outside the property there is access to the convenient shared communal garden. Thi..."
