Summary
"A bright and well presented four bedroom/three public room extended semi detached villa, conveniently located for local amenities, transport links and popular East Renfrewshire schools."
"Period grandeur meets grand designs in this iconic and inimitable, 5 bedroom, West End family home"
"Prime Development Opportunity, 55 West Regent Street, Glasgow, G2 2AE33,553 Sq FtFOR SALE"
FOR SALE – Former Care Home / Development Opportunity CLOSING DATE SET - Tuesday 18th April 2023 at 12 noon
"A magnificent detached villa occupying a prime elevated position in Kelvinside, set back and screened from Great Western Road by mature trees."
Ruberslaw is a bespoke 6 bedroom detached house commanding outstanding panoramic views over the city .** VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE **
"A rare opportunity to acquire this locally admired and handsome period detached villa, with elegantly proportioned accommodation, positioned within generous and private landscaped gardens, located in one of Glasgow's most sought after residential neighbourhoods, close to popular schools, Rouken G..."
"An impressive detached residence, set within generous and private landscaped gardens, in close proximity to Whitecraigs Tennis and Golf Clubs, popular East Renfrewshire Schools and Whitecraigs Train Station."
"A stunning, 5 bedroom architect designed house with over 6000sq ft of accommodation, triple garage and landscaped gardens."
"The Mackintosh is a truly imposing home, built to the highest specification and offering luxurious living accommodation. The ground floor entrance hall offers the first glimpse of the grand oak and glass staircase that runs through all three floors."
Stunning family home with generous double aspect lounge. Family room to the rear with sliding panel through to the dining room/kitchen with a magnificent double-height window that extends to the mezzanine on the first floor allowing in plenty of light.
This great sized 6 bedroom traditional detached villa has a wonderful leisure suite and sits within a substantial plot amidst one of Bothwells most desirable addresses. The property has been successfully extended and modernised whilst retaining the character and charm of the original ho...
~LAST REMAINING PLOT~ CODA Estates are delighted to offer to the market an exclusive development positioned in one Lenzie's most prestigious addresses. ‘The Manors at Seven Sisters’ will comprise of 3 luxurious detached properties within a unique setting. This development will incorporate an exc...
Substantial country home with excellent outbuildings in accessible location.
• A handsome Arts & Crafts Detached House (1901). • Four Public Rooms and four Bedrooms. • Amid formal and wooded gardens of approximately three-quarters acre. • Within Milngavie’s prized Tannoch district. • Many fine original features retain...
"PRICES FROM £895,000 The picturesque conservation Village of Carmunnock is the inspiration of Mill Bank. The Select development of only 4 New Executive Homes sit in a mature tree-lined enclave exclusive within the village. Set within large plots our designs seek to crea..."
Coming Soon - A bespoke 4 bedroom duplex apartment at Claremont Apartments. This spacious apartment is situated within the Park District of Glasgow close to Kelvingrove Park.
"38 Aytoun Road is in one of the most desirable of areas, set within spectacular garden grounds extending all the way round this superb 10 apartment detached Victorian blonde sandstone property spanning over 326 square meters, offering versatile family accommodation formed over two original levels..."
"This magnificent, eight apartment, detached, red sandstone villa occupies a commanding, elevated position with Southerly aspects."
"A magnificent, six apartment second and top floor duplex within this elegant Victorian townhouse, situated in the ever-popular Park district."
"The property is set within this most desirable private road, in arguably the finest location within Lenzie, a delightful hamlet located on the northern fringe of Glasgow and regarded as one of the mos..."
"Magnificent, six apartment first and second floor duplex, situated within a highly sought after and prestigious development, within one of Bearsden's most desired locations."
"This outstanding, architecturally designed bungalow with contemporary interiors and beautiful views of the Campsie Fells is set in approximately 2.7 acres and offers luxury living in a unique location. "
"***HD VIDEO AVAILABLE*** Keys Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market, this Extended Detached Bungalow, set within Gillies Lane, nestled in the heart of Baillieston. The property on offe..."
"Perfectly placed within this highly popular local address, this impressively sized traditional end terraced villa is sure to appeal to the family market. Although the property requires a degree of upgrading, it gives the opportunity to purchase within a premier local address. Comp..."
"Show Home Viewings By Appointment - Incentives available on certain plots. Last few plot remaining, prices from £799,000. A stunning four storey townhouse offering superb sized family living space which extends to over 4000 sq ft. Set within the small and exclusive Glades development thi..."
A Unique Variety of Holiday Lodges and Visitor Centre Nestled into the South Side of The Campsies with Spectacular Views Over Kirkintilloch and Glasgow. For Sale as a Whole or in 3 Lots. Please read brochure for details on Lots 2 & 3. Banks Farm Lot 1 – Four 2-bed...
"Five South is a beautiful development of 56, two and three bedroom apartments and penthouses within the sought-after locale of Giffnock in Glasgow's Southside. PLOT 18 - 3 bedroom PENTHOUSE executive apartment with ROOFTOP TERRACE. Call now for more information."
"Discover the Lawers collection new to Balgray Gardens, Newton Mearns. The final collection from Cala Homes, discover impressive 5-bed detached homes, with stunning high specification and exclusive new homestyles available. "
"A stunning detached villa, sitting on an expansive plot in the heart of Newlands. Having undergone improvements under the current owner and enjoying generous family accommodation over two levels, this outstanding family home really is a must for viewing in order to be appreciated. "
´Oreanda´ is a grand and imposing 4 bedroom family home set on a large corner plot in a much sought after position within Newlands. 
"FINAL 2 HOMES REMAINING AT BALGRAY GARDENS. The Melville is a spacious 5 bedroom brand new home, enjoying an open plan kitchen, dining and family room with bi-fold doors out to your rear garden and patio. Have a home to sell? Ask about Cala's Part Exchange service."
One of Giffnock's most significant detached family homes set within large corner garden grounds with horseshoe driveway and garage.
"Offering style and flexibility, the 4 bedroom Buchanan is perfect for the whole family."
"If you aspire to a' lifestyle less ordinary', allow us to introduce Cartview Court. This bespoke family home is set amidst expansive garden grounds and boasts not only its own detached apartment but, seasonally, an exclusive aspect over one of the 'White Cart Water's' more striking waterfalls."
This handsome blonde sandstone villa occupies a fantastic location at the heart of the village. The property offers deceptively spacious accommodation over three levels and has a particularly versatile configuration of apartments. The property has undergone extensive refurbishment with the works ...
"The Logan is a spacious 5 bedroom brand new home, enjoying an open plan kitchen, dining and family room with bi-fold doors out to your rear garden and patio. Have a home to sell? Ask about Cala's Part Exchange service."
"FINAL 2 HOMES REMAINING AT BALGRAY GARDENS. The Logan is a spacious 5 bedroom brand new home, enjoying an open plan kitchen, dining and family room with bi-fold doors out to your rear garden and patio. Have a home to sell? Ask about Cala's Part Exchange service."
"Offering a wealth of space and designed with modern living in mind, the Lowther is the perfect family home to grow into. **Available with a complimentary flooring package throughout Plus, turf to your rear garden** Secure your dream move for Spring 2023 Key f..."
A beautifully extended and reconfigured detached house within a primary Giffnock address.
"First floor drawing room conversion with mezzanine sitting room. two bedrooms, one en-suite, bathroom, shared garden."
"Spacious duplex apartment in the historic David Stow building at Jordanhill Park. Set over two spacious levels, enjoying an open plan kitchen, living and dining room plus a separate living room. Part Exchange now available - make your dream move work for you."
"Millichen is a charming country location on the rural outskirts of Glasgow’s north westerly boundary, by Bearsden. A delightful setting, it lies behind Boclair and is home to only a few homes and stretches across open fields to The River Kelvin and is an area monitored by RSPB ornithologist..."
"10 Ellergreen Road is a substantial, detached, seven apartment villa occupying extensive, mature and private garden grounds within an exclusive residential area of Bearsden."
"** OUTSTANDING PERIOD PROPERTY, WITH AN INTERNAL MODERN TWIST ** * Stunningly Presented, Bright & Spacious Five Bedroom Detached Family Home * Spacious Lounge, Separate Dining Room & Additional TV Room * Four Bathrooms & Five Spacious Double Bedrooms, Additional Office< (cont.)"
Impressive mid terrace villa in modern build development with stylish finishes throughout. Gas CH. Driveway and enclosed rear gardens
"A well presented and spacious extended four bedroom detached villa by Dickie Homes set within private gardens, positioned within a quiet and short cul de sac, backing onto woodland and situated within the highly regarded Newton Grove development, only a short distance to Mearns Cross and The Aven..."
"***A TRUELY UNIQUE, TRADITIONAL BLONDE SANDSTONE DETACHED HOME*** * Beautifully Presented & Extensively Extended Six Bedroom Detached Family Home * Traditional Blonde Sandstone Facade With Large Horse Shoe Driveway & Landscaped Gardens * Four Reception Rooms (Lounge, Di (cont.)"
"This impressive three bedroom penthouse apartment boasts 3 generously sized bedrooms, two benefitting from ensuite bathrooms. In the kitchen there is luxury touches such as silestone and a Quooker fusion tap. Boasting two large private terraces, you can bring the outside in perfect for unwinding. "
"Dream family home awaits you, arguably the prime plot this generous & flexible home ('The Lewis' by Cala) will delight the most discerning buyer. It offers the best in luxury living, practical & bright spaces, high specification finishes & thoughtful touches included as standard."
Stunning four bedroom traditional sandstone villa with impressive south facing garden grounds boasting expansive land and peaceful kittoch water stream. The property has been renovated throughout by the current owners and really has to be seen to fully appreciate. The property boasts stunning tra...
"Positioned on a large corner plot in the heart of Newlands is this stunning, blonde sandstone villa. Offering generous family accommodation over two levels, this traditional semi-detached villa has been supremely maintained and is a must for viewing in order to be appreciated. "
"The Mulberry - a beautiful three bedroom penthouse apartment boasts 3 generously sized bedrooms, two benefitting from ensuites. Bring the outside in with two private terrace spaces and revel in the light, perfect for winding down."
"• Outstanding, truly versatile 1930’s semi-detached villa • Substantial corner plot with beautiful, well-established gardens • Located approx. ¾ of a mile from Bearsden Cross • Six principal apartments (plus two attic rooms), floor area of approx. ..."
"Designed with a modern lifestyle in mind, the 4 bedroom Gordon offers plenty of space for relaxed family living."
"With five spacious bedrooms, The Lewis is ideal for a larger family. All bedrooms include fitted wardrobes and two enjoy an ensuite shower room, complimented by a generous family bathroom. Downstairs a large open plan kitchen/family area is located alongside a separate formal lounge, dining room."
"** OUTSTANDING, UNIQUE PROPERTY WITH AMAZING VIEWS OVER CALDERGLEN AND BEYOND** * Four Bedroom, Five Bathrooms & Stunning Large Family / Dining Size Kitchen * Additional Study - Possible Fifth Bedroom or Family Room * Very Well Maintained Gardens, Large Driveway & Doubl (cont.)"
"Due for completion Early 2023, Prices from £595,000 Kilmardinny Meadows is an intimate collection of just four bespoke main door villa style apartments, in a quaint haven of serenity within bustling Bearsden and surrounded by an abundance of green space and views you’l..."
An exceptional detached house built by renowned Robertson Homes.
"Set within a highly desirable pocket is this architecturally designed detached villa with 3 public, 7 bedrooms, double garage and many features listed. It is convenient Hairmyres Train Station, highly regarded schools, and sports and recreational facilities."
"Tastefully presented and well appointed 5 bedroomed detached villa by Cala Homes. occupying a corner plot within a much admired position of just a few similar properties, Lindsaybeg Lane. This substantial executive family home offers a flexible and thoughtfully planned layout, finished to a part..."
"This brand new home in the 'Lewis' style boasts 5 spacious bedrooms with a West facing garden onto open space, and patio doors from the lounge and kitchen, so you can bring the outdoors in. All bedrooms include fitted wardrobes and two enjoy an ensuite bathroom."
"*****NEW FANTASTIC FIXED PRICE £585,000 - HOME REPORT VALUE £620,000***** * A DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS PROPERTY SET WITHIN A HIGHLY DESIRABLE AREA * Stunningly Presented, Bright & Truly Special Five/Six Bedroom Detached Family Home * Walk In Condition - Luxury Fixtures (cont.)"
"This stunning 5 bed home offers sophisticated family living with a wealth of space. 5 bedrooms all with fitted wardrobes, impressive open plan kitchen, dining and family area with bi-fold patio doors, and 2 ensuite bathrooms. Move this summer. "
Highly energy-efficient Mews-style home up to 1135qft. Open-plan living/dining includes a German-manufactured kitchen & Siemens appliances. 3 spacious bedrooms & designer bathrooms. Ample storage includes integrated wardrobes. Private amenity space and access to adjacent park. Allocated car parking.
"Forming part of the highly popular St Andrews Brae development and located in the heart of Bearsden, this spacious and contemporary four bedroomed detached villa was built by Miller homes in 2013. The property enjoys a prime position set amongst a variety of house styles and comes with the added ..."
"This magnificent six apartment, second floor property occupies a commanding corner position within a beautiful ‘B' Listed tenement and enjoys superb open views over Hyndland Bowling Club."
"A traditional detached house occupying a private, slightly elevated setting within larger style garden grounds within the Broom Estate."
"A well presented and locally admired, four bedroom home in the heart of the village, overlooking The Orry, dating back to around 1770, set within extensive garden grounds"
"This traditional first floor flat enjoys a central sited location close to amenities and transport links. Offering great value and will surely appeal to a broad sector of the market to include first time buyers and investors alike. The accommodation comprises, reception hallway, front facing..."
"Benefitting from a central position, less than 1 mile from Bearsden Cross - this attractive detached sandstone villa offers well-appointed,  extremely comfortable accommodation that will appeal to growing families in search of preferred school catchment and a convenient setting. Drym..."
"Situated within this peaceful, leafy address and benefiting from direct views onto Glasgow golf course, a superb detached home set within substantial, immaculate gardens and providing recently refurbished and immaculately presented accommodation over two levels. As the photographs and ..."
"** TRULY UNIQUE & ONE OFF PROPERTY WITH FABULOUS LIVING ACCOMMODATION THROUGHOUT** * Beautifully Presented, Bright & Spacious Six Bedroom Detached Family Villa * Three Fantastic Reception Areas, Four Bathrooms & Large Breakfasting Kitchen * Deceptively Spacious Througho (cont.)"
"Apartment 94 Type D, is a stylish 2 bedroom on the third floor benefiting from open plan kitchen/living area, both bedrooms feature en suites. Lift access & internal residents parking. "
This beautifully presented and particularly spacious modern detached villa with lovely private gardens. The property was built circa 1994 and has been particularly well cared for and upgraded with a modern stylish kitchen which incorporates a range of integrated appliances. Offering a ve...
"Trade up with Part Exchange + incentives included. A brand new end-terrace home in Glasgow's West End. Enjoy your own driveway, open plan living with bi-fold doors out to private rear garden, composite decking and artificial lawn. Plus designer kitchen & bathrooms and a truly impressive bedroom one."
"Extraordinary home ideal for a BIG FAMILY. Spacious OPEN PLAN living with modern kitchen, LARGE BEDROOMS & integral garage"
"**FABULOUS SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME, WITH RURAL VIEWS** * Very Well Presented & Extensively Extended Detached Family Home In Great Location * Fabulous Multi Functional Floorplan Over Two Floors- Viewings Required To Appreciate * Three Large Receptions Rooms & Three Bathroom (cont.)"
"** AN IMPRESSIVE AND SPACIOUS PROPERTY LOCATED IN A SOUGHT AFTER AREA ** * Beautiful Five Bedroom Detached Villa in Exclusive Residential Pocket of Stewartfield * Multi Car Driveway and Double Garage * Large Corner Plot, with Rear Conservatory, Mature Established Garden (cont.)"
"A rare opportunity to acquire a main door, six apartment, upper duplex conversion within a detached Victorian period building situated within the desirable Thorn district of Bearsden."
"* Nearly New, Exquisite, Five Bedroom Detached Family Home * Fantastic Location Boasting Modern & Neutral Decor Throughout - Walk In Condition * Spacious L-Shaped Family & Dining Room With Open Plan Stunningly Fitted Kitchen * Separate Lounge, Four Bathrooms, Five Gene (cont.)"
"With its 4 bedrooms, the charming Stewart is perfect for anyone looking for extra space."
"Tastefully finished and presented, this executive detached superior property is located within the prestigious Alexandra Ave area of Stepps. This family home provides flexible family accommodation, enjoys spectacular open views to the rear and is close to all local amenities. EER - C"
"Now available with ASSURED SALE or a 5% MORTGAGE DEPOSIT CONTRIBUTION WORTH £26,250!"
"A truly immaculate villa fully refurbished to the highest standard by the current vendor. This superb property offers spacious family accommodation with an attached cottage set within 0.6 acres of garden grounds, within the sought after village of Neilston. "
"Hello, are you looking for an absolutely stunning 5 bedroom detached, 3 storey townhouse with integral single garage in the new Glenburn Manor Estate, Robertson Homes development in Jackton, close to East Kilbride? Would you like it to be beautifully finished throughout with an elegant (cont.)"
"NEW BUILD, detached home with GARAGE. Spacious KITCHEN/FAMILY AREA and LARGE LOUNGE both with doors to TURFED GARDEN. Ground floor also features a UTILITY ROOM, DINING ROOM and W.C. The first floor includes 5 BEDROOMS all with integrated wardrobe. Bedrooms 1 and 2 have EN-SUITES."
"*A TRULY IMPRESSIVE, SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME SET IN A SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION * Bright & Deceptively Spacious Four/Five Bedroom Detached Family Home * Walk In Condition - Modern & Neutral Decor, Gas Heating & Double Glazing Throughout * Fabulous Rear Facing Open Plan Kitch (cont.)"
"OFFERS IN THE REGION OF £500,000 - Next to Forge Shopping Centre - Development Opportunity - Potential for residential, hotel, retail, carehome etc. - 0.55 acres - Currently car parking space - 15min walk to Duke Sreet Station - Offers Invited"
"This extended Traditional detached villa with double garage and multiple car driveway is within East Kilbride Village Conservation Area. It is close to the train station, Town Centre, Kingsgate Retail Park, primary and secondary schools and sports and recreational facilities."
Embrace MODERN living with open plan kitchen/dining & INTEGRATED appliances. LARGE double bedrooms & MULTIPLE lounge rooms.
"Trade up with Part Exchange. A brand new end-terrace home in Glasgow's West End. Enjoy your own driveway, open plan living with bi-fold doors out to private rear garden, composite decking and artificial lawn. Plus designer kitchen & bathrooms and a truly impressive bedroom one."
A beautiful three bedroom flat set on the third floor of this popular modern development in Hillhead.
"22 School Drive is a three bedroom mid terrace mews property, part of the Cedar Collection at Jordanhill Park."
"The Darroch is a beautifully spacious 5 bedroom detached home, boasting an open plan kitchen, dining and family room with bi-fold doors our to your private rear garden, complete with feature island and integrated appliances. Making the perfect space to entertain family and friends."
Modern Thomas Bone apartments. This beautiful three bedroom apartment boasts 3 generously sized bedrooms all including built in wardrobes as standard with bedroom one benefitting from an ensuite. With plenty of storage and a separate utility room this is the perfect apartment to grow into
An exceptional Cala built detached villa enjoying a wonderful position with sizeable garden grounds and attractive open outlooks. This beautifully presented family home is built in The Logan style and has been designed perfectly for modern family living with the incredible open plan f...
"This magnificent three bedroom detached villa offers generous family accommodation extending to circa 1550 square feet, occupying a prime corner position within the Garscube area of Bearsden."
"Seldom available, a beautifully presented and spacious four bedroom townhouse, situated within the highly regarded Mearnskirk area of Newton Mearns, yet only a short distance to Mearns Cross and The Avenue Shopping Centre."
"Built in the 1930s and located within a sought after Bearsden pocket, 102 Henderland Road is a superb, extended, detached villa, providing excellent family accommodation over two levels."
"This impressive, detached, 5 bedroom villa, built by Cala, enjoys aspects towards The Campsies and parkland to the rear. Presented in impeccable order the property has been meticulously maintained and upgraded offering exceptional family accommodation. Accommodation comprises: <..."
"The ground floor is the perfect family space with an open-plan kitchen/breakfast room and a spacious lounge/dining room; both featuring French doors opening out to the back garden.
 
A useful utility room is located in the kitchen, helping to keep the house clutter-free.
 
Downstairs also benefit..."
"An impressive 5 bedroom family home, the Helmsdale has lots of space to adapt to busy family life. LARGE OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINER, Separate lounge, integrated garage and lots of storage. Up stairs there are 5 bedrooms, TWO WITH EN-SUITES. And a family bathroom with separate shower cubicle."
"Discover the Crichton, Cala's stunning 4-bedroom home plus study, designed with modern living in mind, enjoying a spacious open plan kitchen with integrated appliances and bi-fold doors out to the rear garden. Trade up with Cala's Part Exchange service, making your dream move easier"
"The Sunningdale is a superb 5-bedroom family home which benefits from generous, open-plan living with French doors, a utility room, a front-facing living room and an integral double garage. Upstairs, the master bedroom features Juliette balcony, fitted wardrobes and an en-suite"
Modern Thomas Bone apartments. This beautiful three bedroom apartment boasts 3 generously sized bedrooms all including built in wardrobes as standard with bedroom one benefitting from an ensuite. With plenty of storage and a separate utility room this is the perfect apartment to grow into.
Thomas Bone building - This beautiful three bedroom apartment boasts 3 generously sized bedrooms all including built in wardrobes as standard with bedroom one benefitting from an ensuite. With plenty of storage and a separate utility room this is the perfect apartment to grow into. 
"This magnificent, detached villa is the largest style built by Mactaggart and Meikle in Polnoon, their award-winning site within the ever-popular village of Eaglesham, ideally placed for highly regarded East Renfrewshire schooling. This particular property enjoys an enviable position ..."
"Situated within the exclusive Southfield Grange Development by Robertson Homes this sizeable family home is an excellent example of its kind with a fine corner position. This model, The Guimard has been cleverly designed to maximise space and light with 1641 square feet of flexible liv..."
A breathtaking penthouse with enviable views over The River Clyde and beyond.
"A spacious detached house enjoying an idyllic, woodland setting of approximately 1.8 acres or thereby."
"NEW FIXED PRICE £475,000 - HOME REPORT £480,000  - Nestled within arguably one of the finest addresses in Craigmarloch, this impressive five bedroom Cala Home built on the “Eighteen” development which is small established development across from Dullatur Golf Club.  This stunning detached propert..."
" Rarely available and ideally situated on Glen Quoich, Calderglen this impressive, 8 Apartment Detached Villa is presented in truly immaculate condition throughout and benefits from flexible layout. We would highly recommend early viewing, as properties of this quality rarely come to the open ma..."
"This substantial and versatile family home enjoys a quiet cul-de-sac setting within the popular Castle Policies of Bothwell. The home has been successfully extended over the years and is finished with neutral décor complemented by a mixture of tiled, laminate and carpeted floors. Furthe..."
"A spacious 3 bedroom end terraced home, with open plan kitchen, dining room complete with French doors out to your private rear garden. Built to Cala's high specification enjoy integrated appliances and fitted wardrobes as standard. "
"Five South is a beautiful development of 56, two and three bedroom energy efficient apartments and penthouses within the sought-after locale of Giffnock in Glasgow's Southside. Call now for more information on this stunning apartment."
"THE ARGYLL: Fantastic 4-bed duplex apartment. Extensive storage space in entrance hallway, stunning fully fitted kitchen. Main bedroom with double wardrobe and Jack-and-Jill bathroom/en-suite with separate shower. Upstairs bedrooms feature Velux Cabrio window systems, which open up as a balcony."
"Rarely available, two storey, detached bungalow located in the Crossmyloof district in Glasgow’s Southside, between Pollokshields and Shawlands. This property offers a wealth of features and is in walk-in condition. Also enjoying easily maintained gardens and a handy location close to excellent t..."
"The Burgess is a spacious family home which features an open-plan kitchen, breakfast and dining area with utility room and French doors to the rear garden. Upstairs, there are 4 large double bedrooms and 2 en suite shower rooms. This stunning home also features a double integral garage and driveway"
Coming Soon - Claremont Apartments is a bespoke collection of 10 luxury 2 bed apartments and 4 bed duplexes situated within the Park District of Glasgow close to Kelvingrove Park.
"* Beautifully Presented, Bright & Spacious, Four Bedroom Detached Home * Modern & Neutral Decor, Gas Central Heating & Double Glazing Throughout * Spacious Lounge, Separate Dining Room & Large Rear Conservatory * Modern Kitchen With Breakfasting Area & Separate Utility (cont.)"
"THE STIRLING. A stunning 3-bedroom duplex apartment. Kitchen opens into the large open lounge.The main bedroom has a fitted wardrobe, dressing area and a Jack-and-Jill bathroom/en-suite with separate shower. The upstairs hallway features a GENEROUS area that can be used for home working."
An exceptional 2 bedroom duplex apartment featuring smart pocket doors providing separation between the spacious living area and dining kitchen with an additional mezzanine gallery room.
"Occupying a fantastic position within the popular village of Eaglesham, this superb traditional detached villa has been upgraded to provide generous and versatile accommodation over two main levels with a modern specification. The video and floorplan will provide a better idea of form and layout,..."
"The property is set at the foot of this most desirable cul-de-sac, in arguably the finest location within Lenzie, a delightful village located on the northern fringe of Glasgow and regarded as one of the most prestigious and sought after localities in the Greater Glasgow area. Douglas ..."
"Rarely available extended detached villa within popular locale. Spacious accommodation throughout comprising 3 public rooms, four bedrooms and 2 kitchens. "
Two-bedroom duplex apartment contained within Victorian sandstone villa. Conserved period features complement luxury specification & high energy performance. German-manufactured kitchen & Siemens appliances. Ample storage includes integrated wardrobes. Designer bathrooms. Allocated parking. 
"Enjoying arguably the finest position on one of Bishopbriggs most prestigious avenues, this handsome red sandstone semi-detached villa offers excellent family sized accommodation. The property is conveniently located within close proximity of Bishopbriggs Cross and Railway station and is within..."
"Nicola Kennedy Residential are delighted to present a rarely available impressive traditional 4 bedroom mid terraced villa set privately in this stunning address benefiting from its close proximity to Uddingston Main Street, Train Station and major motorway links M74/M73 & M8. "
"Enjoying a fantastic position within this desirable pocket of Newton Mearns, this impressive detached villa offers lovely open aspects to the front and nicely presented gardens to the rear. Internally, the accommodation is generous and currently comprises broad entrance hallway, front facing ..."
"A fabulous split level bungalow with spectacular views, located in this quiet pocket of Pollokshields. Offerings generous family accommodation over two levels, along with scope to extend further into the loft to create an extra level, this impressive family home really is a must for vi..."
"Rarely available 3 bedroom detached, beautifully set in a highly sought after location - Bearsden, Stunning Garden with private access to woodlands, Easy Attic Conversion opportunity"
Attractive area of woodland in a rural yet accessible location close to Neilston on the outskirts of Glasgow. The woodland extends to about 43.98 Ha (108.67 Acres). For sale as a whole or in 3 lots.
"A stunning five bed detached home in Bothwell, Immaculate condition, built only 18 months ago, with incredible views of the Clyde"
"This end-terrace townhouse features an open-plan kitchen, living dining area which leads to the spacious garden, a separate utility room ideal for family life and 4 double bedrooms."
"4 bedroom home. Open plan LIVING ROOM. DESIGNER KITCHEN, INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and BI-FOLDS as well as GARAGE. Main bedroom complete with EN SUITE. "
 
"Set within the sought after East Renfrewshire school catchment area, this substantial red sandstone fronted semi-detached home enjoys a central Giffnock address with convenient pedestrian access to a wide range of eateries and amenities on nearby Fenwick Road. Delivering a notably bright and deco..."
"This impressive 5-bedroom detached villa is maintained to a very high standard and set within landscaped gardens. It is close to all local amenities, Hairmyres Train Station, regular bus services, primary and secondary schools and sports and recreational facilities. "
"An incredible top floor, six apartment town flat situated in the heart of Pollokshields and enjoying a fabulous, open southerly aspect. Having undergone extensive improvements and maintenance under the current owner, this beautiful second (top) floor flat is a must for viewing in order..."
Location! Location! Location! Rarely available detached villa on excellent plot with spacious accommodation throughout and well established landscaped gardens to the rear.
A handsome traditional home set amidst considerable garden grounds and boasting an ideal position within the popular conservation village of Eaglesham with impressive views captured to the front over the Eaglesham 'Orry'.
"This property is being sold by Public Auction on Thursday 23rd March at 2.00pm in the Radisson Red, 25 Tunnel Street, Glasgow G3 8HL. Register Now!"
"Spacious, highly energy-efficient two-bedroom apartment with views across Newlands Park. Luxury specification as standard including German-manufactured Leicht kitchen with Siemens appliances and designer bathrooms. Integrated storage and wardrobes. Lifft accessibility. Allocated car parking."
"Occupying a fantastic plot on this attractive tree lined avenue, this stunning detached bungalow has been meticulously upgraded and thoughtfully extended in recent years. EPC BAND - D"
"*A UNIQUE AND EXPANSIVE HOME SURROUNDED BY NATURE * Stunningly Presented, Bright & Spacious Five Bedroom Detached Family Home * Formed Over Four Floors Offering A Flexible Multi Purpose Layout * 5 Spacious Bedrooms & Three Bathrooms (Main, En-Suite & Shower Room) < (cont.)"
"The Balloch is a stunning family home, perfect for those looking for extra space.
 
The heart of the home is the open-plan kitchen/dining area including a cosy family area, it's the perfect space for entertaining friends & family.
 
Along the hallway you'll discover your comfortable lounge, extra..."
"SHOWHOME AVAILABLE. This impressive 3-bedroom duplex apartment offers chic city living at its best. Set over two levels, with a truly impressive open plan kitchen, dining & living area - plus separate utility and pantry. Incentives available."
"SHOWHOME AVAILABLE. This impressive 3-bedroom duplex apartment offers chic city living at its best. Set over two levels, with a truly impressive open plan kitchen, dining & living area - plus separate utility and pantry. "
"The Elmford offers instant appeal with the LOUNGE, and KITCHEN DINING offering the flexibility to form one single space. Sharing the downstairs is a LAUNDRY ROOM, downstairs WC and DOUBLE GARAGE. Upstairs, TWO BEDROOMS ARE EN-SUITE, and a WALK-IN DRESSING AREA adds a luxury touch to the principal..."
"The CASTLEFORD - FIVE-BEDROOM DETACHED home with OPEN PLAN KITCHEN, FAMILY and DINING AREA, featuring FRENCH DOORS to GARDEN. A SEPARATE LOUNGE, is ideal for formal entertaining, with the DEDICATED STUDY ideal for home working. The LAUNDRY room aids household management. Upstairs, two of the fiv..."
"This stunning family home has a light and spacious lounge with a bay window providing a great space for all the family.
 
The open-plan kitchen offers dining and family areas with walk in bay and French doors that open onto the your private garden. A ground floor home office is the perfect soluti..."
"The Braemar is an impressive family home. The open-plan kitchen diner and family area provides a great space to entertain guests with French doors opening onto the garden via a glazed bay. There's also an adjoining utility area, perfect for storage.
 
Along the hallway, the comfortable lounge pro..."
7 Bedroom property with 10 person HMO licence
An extended modern Detached Villa in en excellent location close to local amenities including primary and secondary schools. Spacious apartments throughout and viewing highly recommended.
This wonderful townhouse by Cala Homes enjoys a fantastic position with the highly regarded Jocelin Gardens development in Bishopbriggs. Presented in fabulous condition throughout this property displays high quality finishes which we come to expect from this particular builder. Further benefits...
"Set within a highly popular residential development and surrounded by homes of similar quality, this well presented detached villa offers spacious accommodation over three levels and is sure to be popular with the family market. Comprises, broad reception hallway with two piece guest w..."
"An impressive, detached house within a sought after development."
A wonderful opportunity to acquire an extended semi-detached property within a desirable residential location. The 3 bedroom home requires some modernisation however provides phenomenal potential. Early viewing will be essential as the property will be attractive to a number of discerning buyers....
"Generously proportioned, five bedroomed, Bellway built, detached residence enjoying a cul-de-sac position with Southerly aspects to the rear garden and well placed within this sought-after development..."
"**CLOSING DATE TUESDAY 4TH APRIL @ 12 NOON** A truly impressive & substantial, 4/5 bedroomed semi-detached villa with accommodation over 4 floors and a delightful south facing garden, in one of the area’s most cherished addresses. EPC – D."
"Explore the Braemar, featuring an open-plan kitchen with family/breakfast area that opens onto the garden via French doors. Entertain your guests here or the spacious lounge is spacious offering you a peaceful retreat to relax in the evening. Whilst the study offers a space to work from home. ..."
"The Crombie is a detached family home featuring fantastic open-plan living.
 
The centre of this home is the open-plan family kitchen. With French doors to the back garden - perfect for keeping the family together.
 
Downstairs you'll also find your bright & spacious lounge with plenty of space t..."
" Superb FAMILY HOME with 3 doubles & 2 singles, modern OPEN PLAN kitchen, flexible ..."
"Allen & Harris are delighted to offer to the market this stunning three bedroom extended detached villa located within the popular area of Bishopbriggs, Glasgow, This property would ideally suit younger and older families alike and early viewing is highly advised to avoid any disappointment."
"A sizeable, detached villa by Cala offering flexible accommodation within locally admired Maidenhill, providing easy access to extensive local facilities including highly regarded primary and secondary schooling. This property enjoys an excellent position within the exclusive Balgray ..."
"A most impressive, detached villa offering exceptional accommodation formed over two levels with a wonderful garden room being especially pleasing. The premier position within this locally admired development ensures both a high degree of privacy and attractive open outlooks over open ..."
Plot 46 is a spacious 3-bedroom apartment located on the 5th floor at Holmwood Heights
"* Beautifully Presented & Spacious, Larger Style Six Bedroom Executive Detached Family Home * Walk In Condition Boasting Quality Finishings Throughout - Viewings Essential * Spacious Lounge, Separate Dining Room, Large Open Plan Breakfasting Kitchen, Separate Utility * (cont.)"
"Kirkland Estate Agents proudly to present to the market this truly amazing ground floor tenement flat in the sought after locale of Glasgow Street, Hillhead, Glasgow. "
The Thomas Bone apartments - This beautiful three bedroom apartment boasts 2 generously sized bedrooms all including built in wardrobes as standard with bedroom one benefitting from an ensuite. With plenty of storage and a separate utility room this is the perfect apartment to grow into. 
"Rarely does a West End flat immediately delight the potential buyer in relation to its link with nature. Forming part of a select and exclusive development, this extraordinary two bedroom flat is on Hamilton Gardens which is part of a luxurious collection of property by David Wilson H..."
A wonderfully flexible and very spacious detached home with its own integral garage and private master suite on the third level.
"The Cullen is a stylish four bedroom home.
 
The ground floor offers a generous lounge, an open-plan kitchen/dining area with French doors to the garden, a utility room and WC.
 
Upstairs you'll find all four double bedrooms, with the main bedroom featuring an en suite shower room. The family bat..."
"Now available with PART EXCHANGE or a 5% MORTGAGE DEPOSIT CONTRIBUTION WORTH £20,550!"
"A traditional semi detached bungalow located within one of Jordanhill’s most sought-after locales. The property is in need of some modernisation; however, offers great potential to be a lovely home. Comprises porch, hallway, lounge, dining room, 3 bedrooms and shower room. Large Attic. Base..."
"Eastwoodmains Road is a beautifully presented mid-terrace 4 bedroom Villa, delivering a wealth of traditional charm set within the much admired Clarkston address. Early viewing is highly recommended as this home will prove to be extremely popular, and is in move in condition. This substantia..."
"A stylish mid-terrace townhouse featuring open-plan kitchen, living, dining area which leads to a spacious garden. A separate utility room, principal en suite with private balcony."
"43 Munro Road is in the prime List 1 Jordanhill catchment area and is positioned within an attractive terrace which lies between Austen Road and Borden Road. This is an impressive, extended mid terraced villa, which provides excellent family accommodation. The re-configuration and ext..."
Perfectly placed on the second floor of this highly regarded 'McCarthy Stone' retirement development and within easy walking distance to Clarkston's shopping and leisure facilities this splendid and rarely available two bedroom apartment offers spacious accommodation which is sure to impress on...
"• Three bedroomed detached villa by Stewart Milne • Beautifully presented throughout • Highly popular, family friendly address in North Baljaffray • Three bedrooms, lounge, dining room, sun room, two baths • Super rear garden set over three principal..."
"The Balloch is a beautifully presented family home, fully designed for flexible living.
 
As soon as you enter the home, you will find the study - great for working from home. Across the hallway the spacious and welcoming lounge is the perfect spot for relaxing after a long day.
 
The open-plan k..."
Just Launched - Stylish 3 bedroom penthouse with private rooftop terrace featuring open plan living/kitchen/dining. Principal bedroom complete with en suite and fitted wardrobes.
"Highly energy-efficient, first-floor apartment with Juliet balcony and park views. Open-plan living/dining complete with German-manufactured kitchen with Siemens appliances. Two bedrooms include master-ensuite and designer finishes to bathrooms. Integrated storage. Allocated parking provision."
"The Avondale is an expansive energy efficient, chain free family home which features an open-plan kitchen and breakfast area along with utility room and French doors to the rear garden. Upstairs features an large master bedroom with en-suite, plus Juliette balcony and second en suite to bedroom 2."
"This 4 bedroom home with detached single garage is perfect for flexible family living. 
 
Boasting a large lounge and impressive kitchen/dining/family room ideal for entertaining. There is also a handy study and utility space. 
 
Upstairs, the main bedroom features an en suite shower room and the..."
"Offering great kerb appeal, the 4 bedroom Maxwell has plenty of space for the whole family."
"The Elmford offers instant appeal with the LOUNGE, and KITCHEN DINING offering the flexibility to form one single space. Sharing the downstairs is a LAUNDRY ROOM, downstairs WC and DOUBLE GARAGE. Upstairs, TWO BEDROOMS ARE EN-SUITE, and A WALK-IN DRESSING AREA adds a luxury touch to the principal..."
"The Lauder is an exceptional looking 4 BEDROOM HOME with lots of detail and architectural interest that really sets it apart. It includes a large BREAKFASTING KITCHEN, separate dining room, STUDY and double aspect lounge. Upstairs there are 4 BEDROOMS, bathroom and EN-SUITE."
"***** FIXED PRICE £400,000 - HOME REPORT VALUE £415,000***** ** Open 7 Days A Week *** * Home Report Available on Our Website Homeconnexions.co.uk * * Stunning Five Bedroom Detached Villa in Much Sought After Area of Stewartfield * Modern & Neutral Decor, GCH & DG (cont.)"
"*Interiors package included* The Sloan is a 4-bedroom end terrace townhouse, boasting a designer kitchen with integrated appliances and separate utility room. The living area leads out to the private rear garden, complete with artificial lawn and slabbed patio area, perfect for enjoying the summer. "
"The Crombie is a bright and welcoming family home, perfect for those looking for a little more space.
 
Downstairs you'll find the stunning open-plan kitchen/breakfast area - providing the perfect space for cooking your favourite meals. There's also French doors leading to your private turfed gar..."
"The Crombie is an impressive four bedroom detached home with an integral garage.
 
The entrance hallway takes you to the front-facing lounge and to the back of the house where you'll find the open-plan kitchen/dining room with a family area. 
 
A utility room and WC are located just off the kitch..."
"Set on a generous plot in this popular location, this property has been extended to provide spacious and versatile accommodation. The property sits within the catchment area of prestigious schools at primary and secondary levels. EPC - C"
"Situated within a highly desirable pocket within Gardenhall is this architecturally designed four-bedroom split-level detached villa. It is convenient for all local amenities, highly regarded schools, Hairmyres Train Station, regular bus services and motorway network. "
"Now available with PART EXCHANGE or a 5% MORTGAGE DEPOSIT CONTRIBUTION WORTH £19,900!"
"This beautiful four bedroom home enjoys plenty of space for all your family. 
 
The modern open plan kitchen diner is the perfect space for your family with French doors opening onto the garden. 
 
The separate lounge features plenty of space to relax for nights at home.
 
Upstairs you will find ..."
"The Cullen is the perfect family home. Featuring a large open-plan kitchen and dining room with French doors onto the garden. There is also a downstairs WC and handy utility room. while your spacious lounge is the ideal place to relax with the family. Upstairs, you will find 4 bedrooms, with an..."
"The Campbell is a stunning detached home, ideal for growing families looking for extra space.
 
The ground floor features a spacious open-plan kitchen with dining/family area and French doors leading into a fully turfed garden. You will also find a large utility room and spacious lounge, perfect ..."
"The Crombie is a thoughtfully laid out 4 bedroom detached home - perfect for families.
 
The hub of the home is the open-plan kitchen/breakfast area and a spacious lounge with French doors leading to the garden - providing the perfect space for entertaining.
 
Through to the spacious lounge, this..."
"The Cullen is a stylish four bedroom home. The ground floor offers a generous lounge, an open-plan kitchen/dining area with French doors to the garden, a utility room and WC. All four double bedrooms are on the first floor, with the main bedroom featuring an en suite shower room. A home office/..."
"The Crombie is a thoughtfully laid out home - perfect for families.
 
The hub of the home is the open-plan kitchen/breakfast area and a spacious lounge with French doors leading to the garden - providing the perfect space for entertaining.
 
Through to the spacious lounge, this is the perfect spa..."
"The Falkland is a stunning home ideal for families with the inside designed very much for modern family life.
 
The hub of the home is the expansive open-plan kitchen, which has dining and family areas with French doors to the garden and a separate utility room. 
 
The spacious lounge features an..."
An exceptional two bedroom duplex apartment set within this award winning Belmont West Church conversion.
Upload Abode is delighted to present this rarely available 3 bedroom detached home located in a quiet cul de sac in Blantyre. This property is in walk in condition with a fully modernised kitchen and new bathroom.
This successfully extended semi-detached villa offers spacious and versatile family living space over three floors and is conveniently placed for amenities. This stone-fronted villa has been significantly improved and cleverly designed with the addition of a wrap-around rear extension an...
A most substantial semi-detached villa offering spacious accommodation formed over three levels all within a locally admired address which is ideally placed for highly regarded primary and secondary schooling. This sizeable family home enjoys an enviable corner position with substantia...
"Enjoying a spectacular setting on the outskirts of Eaglesham, Carrot Cottage offers a pleasing selection of accommodation with wonderful garden grounds and exceptional views. Offering much desired semi-rural living this property is an excellent example of its kind with internal viewing..."
A deceptively spacious 4 bedroom detached chalet style villa that has been successfully extended over the years to offer a fabulous family home in a rural setting on a generously proportioned plot. 
"Part of a traditional building in the Glasgow West conservation area, this stylish, three-bedroom, first-floor apartment blends historic charm with high-end contemporary sensibilities, creating a desirable property that is sure to appeal to a wide demographic. The exceptional home is in superb d..."
"Now available with PART EXCHANGE or a 5% MORTGAGE DEPOSIT CONTRIBUTION WORTH £19,750!"
"This beautiful, detached red sandstone villa with an elevated position retains a wealth of character and is set amidst enclosed private gardens within a much admired and seldom available address. Offering characterful and spacious apartments with high ceilings, this wonderful family home..."
"** Open 7 Days A Week *** * Home Report Available on Our Website Homeconnexions.co.uk * * Beautifully Presented, Bright & Spacious Five Bedroom Executive Detached Family Home * Fantastic Location Boasting Modern & Neutral Decor Throughout - Walk In Condition * Sp (cont.)"
"Presented to the open market for the first time within the Glenmill Estate ‘The Sunningdale’ Bellways largest and most prestigious build. These five-bedroom homes benefit from Generous, open-plan living accommodation. This particular example has been further upgraded throughout with h..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this exceptional and spacious throughout four bedroom detached property, located in the sought after area of Newlandsmuir, East Kilbride. Entering the property the hallway is welcoming, the lounge is front facing with large bay window and wonderf..."
"**HOME REPORT VALUE £420,000**
This detached villa has been extended to create a fabulous family home. The property boasts four generous double bedrooms in addition to the spacious living accommodation. The house is ideally positioned close to local schooling and wider amenities. EPC BAND - C"
"This extraordinary 4 bedroom home features OPEN PLAN living, DESIGNER KITCHEN with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and BI-FOLD doors. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE."
"The Campbell is a stunning detached family home.
 
With a light and airy feeling thanks to its large windows, the ground floor offers a generously sized open-plan kitchen with family and dining areas, featuring French doors which open onto the back garden.
 
There is also a utility room, and spac..."
"This modern four bedroom home makes great use of space and light. 
 
On the ground floor you will find a bright open-plan kitchen with French doors to the garden and a separate utility room. The spacious lounge is a perfect place to relax, while great storage space, helps keep everything neat and..."
"Set around a central courtyard, this four bedroom, stone built, converted steading offers well proportioned and versatile accommodation with a sizeable garden and incredible panoramic views over neighbouring countryside.The property is formed over two levels and extends to over 3,000 sq..."
"** FIXED PRICE £385,000 - HOME REPORT £400,000 ** A wonderful, highly developed four-bedroom semi-detached villa with exquisite views over Cathcart Castle Golf Course, Glasgow City and the Campsie hills beyond.   Reimagined, reconfigured and redesigned this ..."
"The Balloch is a beautifully presented family home, fully designed for flexible living.
 
As you enter the home, you will find a separate study - great for working from home and spacious lounge.
 
Through to the open-plan kitchen and dining area there's glazed French doors to the back garden and ..."
"The Victoria is a stunning chain free, energy efficient home which boasts a contemporary, open-plan kitchen and dining area with French doors to the rear garden and utility room with sink facilities. Upstairs, there are 4 large double bedrooms with an en suite and fitted wardrobe to bedroom 1. "
"*LBTT contribution and interiors package included* The Maxwell is a stunning 3-bedroom home close to Finnieston & the SEC, boasting a designer kitchen with integrated appliance and master bedroom with walk-on balcony. Look forward to summer in your brand new city home."
"The LIMEWOOD is as practical as it is stylish. From the elegant LOUNGE, to the OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINING ROOM forming a natural hub for family life. Upstairs offers space for a HOME OFFICE. The principal bedroom features BUILT-IN WARDROBES, while a private shower room shared by two bedrooms means ..."
"A Rarely Available Traditional Detached Bungalow Which Has Been Extended To Rear On Side, With Multicar Driveway, Excellent Size Enclosed Garden Grounds Landscaped With Decking Area 4/5 Bedrooms, 2 Public Rooms, Viewing Advised."
"Beautifully presented and exceptionally spacious, four bedroomed, detached villa with large conservatory added to the rear and enjoying a delightful, cul-de-sac position with a high degree of privacy ..."
"The Dean is an impressive detached home offering an open-plan kitchen with a dining and utility room. Benefit from French doors leading out onto the garden from the kitchen. You will also find a hands downstairs WC. Along the hall you'll find your spacious lounge, offering plenty of space to rel..."
"The Crombie is a stylish family home. 
 
The ground floor offers a generous lounge, an open-plan kitchen/dining area with French doors to the garden, a utility room and WC. 
 
Upstairs you'll find all 4 double bedrooms, bedroom 1 with an en suite shower room. The family bathroom, and home office ..."
"The Warriston is the perfect home for larger families, with five bedrooms, three bathrooms, plenty of living space and the bonus of an integral garage. The Warriston features a front-aspect lounge, a large kitchen/dining room with direct access to the garden, a utility room and a useful cloakroom."
" Superb FAMILY HOME with open plan kitchen and INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, GENEROUS BEDROOMS, and an INTERNAL GARAGE store"
Set within the restored and reimagined Steiner School this beautiful duplex apartment accessed from the Secret Courtyard Garden is the essence of luxury west end living.
"** Unexpectedly back on the market**Plot 41 is an open-plan, 4th floor, 3 bedroom apartment at the stunning new development Holmwood Heights."
"WOW ! THE EDMONTON IS HERE! OUTSTANDING & STUNNINGLY BEAUTIFUL LARGE 4 BEDROOM HOME. Lounge, HOME OFFICE, LARGE Dining kitchen/living, BI FOLD DOORS, UTILITY ROOM, WC,4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS, TWO EN-SUITES, Integrated APPLIANCES, VANITY, PORCELANOSA WALL TILING, Large Detached Garage.MONOBLOC DRIVEWAY"
"The Pinehurst is a spacious chain free home with ground floor living, including an open-plan kitchen, dining and family area with French doors to the rear garden and a utility room. Upstairs features 3 large double bedrooms, with fitted wardrobe, an en suite and Juliette balcony to bedroom 1."
An incredible traditional mid terraced villa which has been comprehensively upgraded and thoughtfully reconfigured to provide a ‘walk-in' proposition with enclosed Southerly facing rear gardens.
"This tremendous Strathbungo home has been extended to the rear and features an enclosed, Southerly facing garden."
"Please Call Susan on for more information. FORMER SHOW HOME This is a great looking, well designed four bedroom home. The hallway has a spacious and welcoming feel and leads to the loung..."
"• Detached House backing onto Bearsden Golf Course. • Three Public Rooms and four Bedrooms. • uPVC double glazing (2003) and uPVC soffits/fascias. • Dated specification, modernising required. • Gas central heating (old boiler). Garage. • Sou..."
This outstanding terraced home has been thoughtfully reconfigured and is presented for sale in turnkey condition.
** CLOSING DATE - WEDNESDAY 5TH APRIL AT 12 NOON ** A beautiful mid-terraced villa enjoying a highly sought-after location.
"Luxury upper duplex apartment enjoys extravagant ceiling heights, period windows and exceptional specification with access to the beautifully landscaped secret courtyard garden."
"Situated in the award-winning Burngreen Brae development in Kilsyth, this large 5 bedroom detached villa is the first property to come onto the open market since the Stanehill Avenue cul-de-sac was built just over 5 years ago. This street was reserved for the largest properties on the developmen..."
"A lovely sized detached family home.
 
The Dunbar has plenty of space for all the family with an open-plan kitchen and dining area with French doors that lead out to the garden and a large lounge.
 
On the first floor you'll find four double bedrooms, an en suite to the main bedroom and a family ..."
"An extended detached family villa located towards the end of a desired address with amazing corner position, ideally suit the professional family market. Early viewing highly advised!"
"With its traditional exterior, the 4 bedroom detached Hume is charming both inside and out."
"The Cedarwood- A substantial FOUR BEDROOM home, with FAMILY KITCHEN and GARDEN DINING ROOM. Featuring a PRIVATE STUDY and SEPARATE LOUNGE there is also striking PRINCIPAL BEDROOM with EN-SUITE and generously sized DRESSING ROOM. Bedroom 2 also features an en-suite, making this home as practical a..."
"Seldom available, a well presented three bedroom/ two public room terraced home, with private landscaped gardens, located in this continually popular cul de sac development, close to local amenities."
Well presented main door four bedroom apartment within this traditional sandstone building originally dating from 1900 or thereby. Internally the property offers flexible accommodation over 5 principal apartments formed all on one level. A number of period features are retained most notably origi...
Located in the heart of Bothwell Village lies this immaculately presented and seldom available two bedroom ground floor conversion. This stunning traditional sandstone home full of original features offers versatile accommodation over one level with bright and spacious room sizes. The current own...
This semi-detached property is set within a neatly laid out garden plot in one of Cambuslang’s premier addresses and is offered in true walk in condition. The house was originally constructed in the mid-1930s and over recent years has been substantially extended and undergone a f...
"**CLOSING DATE SET FOR THURSDAY 6TH OF APRIL @ 2PM** Substantial 5 bedroom detached villa, beautifully presented and enjoying an exclusive position within the development, located at the en..."
"The Lockwood – An elegant DETACHED four-bedroom home. With OPEN PLAN family living in mind, the kitchen/dining room features FRENCH DOORS to the GARDEN. The SEPARATE lounge is perfect for unwinding. Upstairs is the PRINCIPAL BEDROOM with EN-SUITE. BEDROOM 2 with EN-SUITE and HOME OFFICE SPACE. GA..."
A modern luxury built three bedroom End Terrace Townhouse located within the recently completed Riverford Gardens Development by CCG with open outlooks to the rear over the White Cart River. Perfectly located to take full advantage of a host of local amenities and excellent transport ...
"The Dunbar is a spacious family home.
 
With a large lounge at the front and an open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading to the private back garden, this is the perfect home for those looking for a little more space.
 
Upstairs there are 4 double bedrooms with the main bedroom bene..."
"Final apartment remaining at Beechwood Lea, a large two bedroom ground floor apartment. Set within the affluent village of Thorntonhall offering views over the rolling countryside."
"* BRAND NEW HOME, SEMI-RURAL LOCATION, FANTASTIC TRANSPORT LINKS *** OPEN 7 Days A Week *** * Assisted Moves Available * Orkney Style New Home * Fantastic Open Plan Kitchen/Dining Area Ideal For Entertaining * Four Double Bedrooms Bedroom One With En-Sui (cont.)"
"The Oakmont is an expansive family home which boasts a contemporary, open-plan kitchen/breakfast area with French doors to the rear garden and a utility room/clock room. Upstairs there are 4 double bedrooms with an en suite and fitted wardrobe to bedroom 1 plus a modern family bathroom for the rest"
This impressive five bedroom modern detached villa has been thoughtfully planned to create a beautiful family home conducive to modern day living. The property is situated within a cul-de-sac of a modern Cala Development. Viewing is strongly advised to appreciate the accommodation on offer.
"* Beautifully Presented, Bright & Spacious Four Bedroom Detached Family Home * Highly Sought After Stewartfield Location - Viewings Essential * Walk In Condition - Modern & Neutral Decor, Gas Heating & Double Glazing Throughout * Spacious Lounge & Dining Area, Modern Fi (cont.)"
"**BEAUTIFULLY EXTENDED UNIQUE FAMILY HOME** * Fantastic Flexible Family Living & Multi Purpose Floorplan * Spacious Family Room & Additional Lounge/Bedroom Four * Modern Fitted Kitchen & Open Plan Dining Room * Separate Utility Room & Three Bathrooms, Great Stora (cont.)"
"An exceptional 2 bedroom duplex apartment featuring stylish living, dining/kitchen area situated within the conversion building at New Steiner."
"The Dunbar is a stylish detached home with an integral garage. The entrance hallway leads to the spacious lounge at front of the home. Further along the hall you will find the open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading to the garden.
 
Downstairs also hosts a WC and utility room of..."
THE BERWICK. A stylish 3-bedroom apartment. Kitchen opens into the large open lounge with balcony. The main bedroom has a large double wardrobe and an en-suite shower room. Bedrooms two and three also have fitted wardrobes and positioned near to the family bathroom.
"The Kinloch is a bright, open-plan home - perfect for growing families.
 
The large integral garage offers extra security and the front-aspect lounge is a great space for relaxing after a long day.
 
Through to the back of the home you'll discover the welcoming kitchen/dining space, with separate..."
"Deceptively spacious detached Bungalow, enjoying a large, mature level plot, within one of Lenzie’s most desirable and sought-after residential areas, close to the local amenities including schooling and the train station. This spacious property provides a generously proportioned..."
The wonderfully spacious 4 bedroom Geddes home is perfect for family living.
"This charming 2 bed, terrace cottage, ""Millview"" is situated on Pilmuir Road. It offers all the qualities of a modern home, set within beautiful garden grounds with shared sweeping driveway and enjoying a wonderful tranquil semi-rural setting. Early viewing is highly recommended. There are al..."
"A superb two bedroom penthouse apartment, set in the desirable Cathcart House development, with South West facing full width terrace offering open aspects."
"The OAKWOOD – FOUR-BEDROOM DETACHED home with DEDICATED STUDY and SEPARATE LOUNGE. The OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining with separate LAUNDRY room is ideal for household management. The FRENCH DOORS to garden are perfect to enjoy the summer months. This home is filled with premium features, including PRI..."
"The Dean is perfect for families. 
 
Downstairs, the open-plan dining kitchen is an ideal space to entertain with French doors leading out onto the garden. A separate utility room and handy cloakroom add extra practical space whilst a generous lounge is a great place to relax.
 
4 double bedrooms..."
Set amidst a substantial plot within a prestigious Bothwell ‘Glebe’ address lies the beautifully renovated three bedroom detached bungalow. This home presents a true ‘one off’ chance to own an enviable position on almost an acre of land.  The accommodation in full comprises; welcoming r...
"Dreaming of owning a Show Home? The ground floor of this stunning home provides you and your family plenty of space to relax with a large lounge and spacious kitchen/dining area featuring glazed bay area. With a downstairs utility room and great storage space, there's plenty of room to keep thin..."
"***CLOSING DATE WEDNESDAY 5TH APRIL @ 12PM*** Cleverly extended and upgraded semi-detached villa, set on a spacious, mature plot and located in what is arguably one of Stepp`s most desirable and ..."
STYLISH & SPACIOUS 3 BEDROOM END TERRACE VILLA SET IN A PROMINENT AND COMMANDING POSITION IN THE LEAFY WEST END DISTRICT OF KELVINSIDE.
"Beautiful DETACHED home with a BAY-WINDOWED lounge, DEDICATED STUDY, OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining with SEPARATE LAUNDRY room and FRENCH DOORS to garden. PRINCIPAL BEDROOM WITH EN-SUITE."
"Situated within a popular Newton Mearns development, this detached villa offers excellent accommodation over two main levels. The floorplan and video will provide a better idea of form and layout, with the internal accommodation comprising; entrance hallway with W/C, staircase leading to the uppe..."
• Pre-war Detached ‘dormer’ Bungalow • Spacious Lounge and open plan Dining Room • Three double Bedrooms • Galley style Kitchen and lean-to Garden Room/Porch • Two Shower rooms (one Ensuite) • Box Room (handy Study area) &bu...
"The Kinloch is a bright & flexible detached home, ideal for growing families.
 
The ground floor features a spacious open-plan kitchen with dining/family area and French doors leading into a fully turfed garden. You will also find a utility room and spacious lounge on the same floor.
 
Upstairs, ..."
"FOUR bedroom home. LIVING ROOM with bay. DESIGNER KITCHEN, INTEGRAL GARAGE and BI-FOLDS. Main bedroom includes EN SUITE. "
"The HARTWOOD - FOUR-BEDROOM DETACHED family home boasting OPEN PLAN KITCHEN and FAMILY DINING AREA with FRENCH DOORS leading to the GARDEN. THE lounge has a feature BAY WINDOW. Upstairs, the stunning EN-SUITE PRINCIPAL BEDROOM incorporates a BUILT-IN WARDROBE, while a further two bedrooms share a..."
"An absolutely stunning four bedroom detached villa in a central location in the Mains Estate close to outstanding schooling. The property has been beautifully maintained and improved, has off road parking and a garage and would be ideal for a young family. The accommodation is formed o..."
"Deceptively spacious, six bedroom detached villa occupying a delightful position in semi-rural location with a good degree of privacy to the rear garden, which backs onto the Luggie Water and is also ..."
"Upload Abode is delighted to present this exceptional 4 bedroom detached family home in a desirable development in Wallace Fields, Glasgow. This outstanding home is impeccably finished with a stunning kitchen/dining room and a low-maintenance landscaped garden."
"A spectacular, 5 apartment main door upper conversion, with many original features, driveway & a private south facing rear garden, occupying the entire upper floor of this substantial detached villa in one of best addresses in Cambuslang. EPC - E"
"Batchelor's Estate Agents are thrilled to present this attractive four-bedroom detached villa by Stewart Milne Homes, set within the extremely rarely available and hugely popular Moorlands development in Central Uddingston."
A refurbished semi detached bungalow enjoying a sought after location.
An especially well-presented family home enjoying an enviable corner plot within a long admired and centrally positioned Newton Mearns development. This property truly is a credit to the current owners and offers a fabulous selection of accommodation offering great flexibility and a qu...
"Welcome to West Steading, Parkhouse Road where this absolutely gorgeous four bedroom Barn Conversion enjoys a semi-rural position with views over the Gleniffer Braes, less than a ten minute drive to Newton Mearns."
"Enjoying some of the finest aspects of out over Glasgow and beyond is this pristine, three bedroomed, penthouse apartment. With lift access and private parking, not to mention generous accommodation with fabulous views, this expansive flat really is a must for viewing in order to be ap..."
"PRICE REDUCTION. Macallans bring to the market this lovely red sandstone lower quarter villa situated on one of Burnside's most sought after streets. Accommodation comprising of Lounge, Sitting/Dining Room, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom. Early viewing is recommended."
"CLOSING DATE SET FOR WEDNESDAY, 05 April 2023 AT 12 NOON. Closing Date Set: 05/04/2023 Former pet hotel with development potential close to Glasgow. Approximately 1.83 Ha (4.52 Acres) of land. For sale as a whole."
"Set in a desirable pocket and formed over three levels is this four-bedroom detached villa with detached double garage and many features listed. It is convenient for all local amenities, regular bus services and sports and recreational facilities. "
"Allen and Harris are delighted to present to the market this impressive, unique and appealing split level villa occupying an enviable elevated position with outstanding views over the surrounding countryside. Early internal viewing of this outstanding family home is imperative to fully appreciate!"
"The five-bedroom detached Thornwood with single integral garage meets the needs of family life. It has a front-aspect lounge, a kitchen/dining room with French doors to the rear garden, a separate utility and cloakroom. Upstairs there's a storage cupboard on the landing and bedroom one is en suite."
The Inverness features impressive open-plan living and plenty of storage space throughout. At the front of this home you will find a spacious lounge and the back of the home features a large open-plan kitchen with family and dining areas which lead out onto the garden through French doors. There...
"The Kenmore is a beautiful four-bedroom home. The kitchen has French doors to the rear garden. There’s a front-aspect lounge, a family/dining room, utility room, WC and handy fitted cupboard. Upstairs there are four good-sized bedrooms - bedroom one benefits from an en-suite - and a family bathroom."
"The Inverness is a stylish four bedroom detached home complete with an integral garage.
 
Downstairs features a comfortable and spacious lounge, with plenty of space for cosy nights at home.
 
Through to the large open-plan kitchen/ding area you'll find French doors out to the back garden as well..."
"With 4 bedrooms and a sociable kitchen diner, the detached Fraser is perfect if you're looking for a little extra space."
"Set within a cul-de-sac in the highly desirable Kittochglen area is this 3/4 bedroom detached villa with many features listed. The property is upgraded throughout to the highest standard, has a multiple car driveway, sunroom, landscaped gardens, and many features listed. "
"A most impressive & rather substantial, 8 apartment family home over 3 levels, with a large conservatory & stunning garden, set within a small cul-de-sac in a much-admired development in Cambuslang. EPC - C"
"Now Available- This exceptional 2 bedroom third floor apartment features open plan living, Juliet balcony and exceptional specification throughout."
Excellent four bedroom semi-detached house in Newton Mearns with private gardens and driveway.
"Immaculate 4 bed detached villa in small cul de sac, deceptively spacious. Comprising hall, lounge/dining, hi spec kitchen, cloaks/wc, tv/ dining room, insulated integral garage, 4 bedrooms, master en suite, bathroom, gch, dg, fresh décor, Mossneuk catchment "
"CLOSING DATE WEDNESDAY 5TH APRIL AT 11AM This wonderful bright four bedroom flat is situated on the landmark St Vincent Crescent, a striking tenement ‘A’ listed terrace by Alexander Kirkland built in 1850. The property occupies a preferred first floor position and has a del..."
"The Oakmont is an expansive family home which boasts a contemporary, open-plan kitchen and breakfast area with French doors to the rear garden and a utility room/clock room. Upstairs there are 4 double bedrooms with an en suite and fitted wardrobe to bedroom 1 plus a modern family bathroom"
"Spacious 4 BEDROOM home with EN-SUITE, downstairs WC, BIFOLDS, and designer OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with FRENCH DOORS and INTEGRATED appliances."
"The Fenton is a combination of stylish, modern and spacious living. The kitchen is a perfect space for entertaining as its open-plan design includes a dining area and access to the back garden. The ground floor also offers a separate utility room and WC. Upstairs comprises four double bedroom..."
The Greenwood four-bedroom home. French doors add a premium touch to the OPEN PLAN FAMILY KITCHEN and DINING ROOM. Sharing the ground floor is a bay-windowed LOUNGE. Upstairs there are four bedrooms and bathroom. The PRINCIPAL BEDROOM features an EN-SUITE and TWIN WARDROBES.
"* Sought After Residential Pocket - Great Local Amenities, Commuting Links & Schooling * Stunningly Presented, Bright & Spacious Four Bedroom Executive Detached Family Home * Recently Built in a Fantastic Location with Modern & Neutral Decor Throughout - Walk In Condition < (cont.)"
"A Rarely Available Larger Style End Terrace Villa With Excellent Size Extended Dining Kitchen, Superb Storage, 3 Double Bedrooms, Good Size Gardens, Excellent Parking, Viewing Advised."
"Set and the end of a short cul-de-sac setting and benefiting from views overlooking open countryside, this impressively sized four bedroom detached villa will ultimately appeal to the family market. The standard of finish is evident on entering and with its high standard of finish through it..."
"Jane Buchan, Keller Williams is delighted to bring to the market, this incredibly sought after three bed end terraced villa in a beautifully picturesque street in Stepps."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this substantial modern 5 bedroom/8 apartment detached family home, presented in true walk in condition, providing an expansive, flexible, contemporary living space, located in the heart of Cardonald on the Southside of Glasgow. Cul-de-sac location. GCH & DG"
"* Beautifully Presented, Bright & Deceptively Spacious Four Bedroom Detached Family Home * Modern & Neutral Decor, Gas Central Heating & Double Glazing Throughout * Spacious Lounge , Separate Dining Room, Conservatory & Office/Games Room * Modern Fitted Kitchen With Se (cont.)"
"Rarely available traditional sandstone fronted semi detached villa located within one of Clarkston's most sought after addresses, with convenient access to local amenities and sought after schooling. The accommodation on offer internally comprises of entrance vestibule providing acces..."
"Located within a sought after private cul de sac is this generous sized Detached Villa. No 44 Drumbowie View is a superb family home, which would make the perfect family home. Viewing is highly recommended to avoid disappointment"
"**** SUPERB ENERGY EFFICIENT HOME **** * Great & Desirable Residential Plot - Viewings Essential * Beautifully Presented, Bright & Deceptively Spacious Four Bedroom Detached Bungalow * Modern & Neutral Decor, Gas Heating & Double Glazing, Solar Panelling * Fabu (cont.)"
"This imposing, characterful and rarely available semi-detached sandstone villa is set centrally located in Uddingston and is conveniently placed for all of it's amenities."
"A wonderful opportunity to acquire this truly impressive five bedroom detached villa set within a quiet development in Gartcosh. Built circa 2006 within the grounds of the former hospital, this fantastic home offers spacious accommodation over two levels with enclosed South facing gardens with vi..."
• Three bedroomed detached villa by Stewart Milne • Superb location in quiet pocket of Milngavie’s Mains Estate • Presented to market in fine condition • Addition of conservatory/sun room to rear • Potential for garage conversions (subject to per...
"** CLOSING DATE - THURSDAY 6TH APRIL 2023 AT 12PM ** A lovely, detached house set enjoying a popular location."
"This beautiful 4 bedroom home features modern open-plan living that's ever popular with families.
 
Discover a stylish kitchen diner with a walk-in glazed bay leading to the back garden.
 
There's a useful utility room and WC, plus a your comfortable lounge - perfect for nights at home.
 
Upstair..."
"This four-bedroom detached villa with conservatory and integral garage is very well-maintained with many features listed. It is convenient for East Kilbride Train Station, Village, Town Centre, Kingsgate Retail Park, primary and secondary schools, and sports and recreational facilities. "
"This spacious, detached chalet style villa offers fantastic accommodation in a wonderful location close to local schooling and wider amenities. The property enjoys a fantastic plot with the rear gardens enjoying a high degree of privacy."
"Comprehensively upgraded detached villa by Taylor Wimpey, occupying a much admired plot position with aspects over open countryside to the side and rear of the house. The property is situ..."
"Set comfortably back from Crown Road North and forming part of a comprehensively refurbished End Terraced blonde sandstone townhouse, this is an immaculate three-bedroom second floor conversion. The property enjoys an attractive front outlook over to Crown Circus and side aspects over ..."
"Enjoying a wonderful location at the centre of the highly regarded Kenmure district of Bishopbriggs, this four-bedroom property has been extended to create a superb family home. The property now enjoys a fabulous open plan dining kitchen at the rear. EPC BAND - C"
"• Deluxe, semi-detached villa • Set in midst of popular address in Kilmardinny district • Four bedrooms, lounge, kitchen, dining area, family room • Utility room and cloakroom w.c • Expertly landscaped garden by MacColl & Stokes • Off st..."
"***New Fixed Price *** A Pristine Family Property *** Located within a highly desirable development, this 4 bedroom detached property has been well maintained and presented making early viewing imperative. The property benefits from a contemporary open plan kitchen/dining area, formal lounge, uti..."
 LOOK at the AMAZING GREEN BAY 4 bedroom DETACHED HOME with large DETACHED GARAGE. LUXURY LIVING within one of the most SOUGHT AFTER LOCATIONS. BEAUTIFULLY DESIGNED HOME which oozes space and sophistication set within beautiful surroundings EXCELLENT DESIGN. BI FOLD DOORS Integrated appliances !! 
"The Kinloch is the perfect home for growing families looking for a little more space.
 
The heart of the home is the stylish open-plan kitchen with a dining/family area and French doors - filling the space with natural light.
 
Complimenting the ground floor is the spacious lounge, perfect for th..."
"The Thurso is a four-bedroom detached family home. It features a lounge, separate dining room or playroom/office, open-plan kitchen/dining area with direct rear garden access, downstairs cloakroom, large first-floor landing with a window providing light, an en suite bedroom and a family bathroom."
"This is an incredible detached family property, lovingly cared for by the current owners and extensively up-graded and modernised throughout. Located within a highly desirable pocket of Bishopbriggs early viewing is essential. The accommodation provides family accommodation over two levels and s..."
Now Available - An exceptional 2 bed apartment with Juliet balcony situated on the first floor of the exclusive New Steiner collection.
"Magnificent extended family home available, perfect location"
"Forming part of the exclusive and highly regarded Cathcart House development, is this rarely available and stylish penthouse apartment boasting an expansive wraparound terrace with wonderful panoramic views. Cathcart House is the reimagining of what was originally a Victorian Mill, now comprising..."
THE LOTHIAN. Stylish 2-bedroom apartment. STORAGE CUPBOARD space integrated within the entrance. Double-aspect lounge with large picture window and patio door. High-specification kitchen at one end and PRIVATE BALCONY at the other. Main bedroom features a FITTED WARDROBE. 
"*SHOWHOME NOW OPEN* The Moray is a chain free and energy efficient home. Downstairs benefits from a large open-plan kitchen/dining area with utility room and French doors, a separate living room and garage. Upstairs has 4 double bedrooms, with an en suite & fitted wardrobes to bedroom 1."
"Situated in the popular King’s Park area of Glasgow, this southwest-facing, four bedroom, semi-detached house offers generous accommodation, having been extended and converted to include a self-contained annex, as well as multiple reception areas and bathrooms."
"**UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON THE MARKET** **HOME REPORT VALUE £375,000** Individually designed and built around 1960, this beautifully presented five bedroom detached one and half storey Bungalow is a credit to the current owners. Set within the popular commuting village of Chryst..."
"Occupying a highly sought after position within Pollokshields, and displaying a wonderful retention of period features, this expansive three bedroom town flat enjoys fantastic transport links into Glasgow City centre."
"Stunning four-bedroom detached villa set within a quiet location with Newton Farm in Cambuslang and only a short walk to the local school. Features include beautiful tiled flooring throughout ground level, impressive kitchen diner, separate dining room/office space, master en-suite and large garden"
"CLOSING FOR OFFERS TUESDAY 4TH APRIL AT 12PM Main door flat, perfectly placed with both City Centre and West End locations on the doorstep, not to mention the easy access onto the motorway (M8). This most generous three bedroom flat enjoys a family size dining kitchen and a private, s..."
"Enjoying a wonderful position within a locally admired development, this fully refurbished first floor flat offers a size and style of accommodation rarely seen on the open market. This luxury apartment is sure to delight all who view and will be of great interest to a variety of buyer..."
"This unique traditional detached chalet style villa occupies a prominent corner position, set within delightful, landscaped private gardens. The property, which does require internal modernisation, offers flexible accommodation over two levels."
A fully refurbished ground floor garden flat within this private development.
"This substantial semi-detached home is set within the highly sought after area of Eaglesham and delivers a superbly balanced four-bedroom family accommodation. The location also benefits from a host of nearby amenities, restaurants and transport links. Upon entry, the ground floor of this ..."
Feel-good vibes come from a home with DESIGNER KITCHEN with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES. BI-FOLD doors into the rear garden. A main bedroom with EN SUITE.
"Designed with modern lifestyles in mind, the 4 bedroom Drummond offers plenty of social living space to enjoy."
An extended end terraced villa enjoying a lovely cul-de-sac location.
"A quite magnificent 3 bedroomed conversion, occupying the entire upper floor of this substantial detached villa, set amidst beautiful, established gardens in a much sought-after pocket of Burnside. EPC – D"
Superb three bedroom semi-detached home finished to a high standard within the new Maidenhill development in Newton Mearns.
"Built by Gartconnell Homes in the late 1980’s, this beautiful upper flat occupies an enviable position within this prestigious development with open outlooks, a parking space and separate garage.This rarely available property has a main door entrance and is formed over one level which w..."
A modern detached house set within the highly popular Westacres development. VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE.
A beautifully presented and upgraded mid-terraced town house offering most substantial accommodation arranged over a pleasing three level layout. The property is presented for sale in truly exceptional condition throughout with the remainders of both the David Wilson Homes warranty and...
A modern detached house set within a poplar residential development.
"***HD VIDEO AVAILABLE*** Keys Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this rarely available modern third floor flat, set within the modern residential development known as Blochairn Place, ..."
"A well-proportioned detached bungalow, enhanced by virtue of both a rear extension and dormer conversion, set amidst a spacious garden plot with lengthy driveway."
"Maintained to the highest standard is this substantially extended four-bedroom detached villa with double garage. It is convenient for all local amenities, bus services and sports and recreational facilities. "
"*BRAND NEW and CHAIN FREE* The Erinvale is an attractive, 3-bedroom family home which benefits from a contemporary, open-plan kitchen and dining area, along with a spacious separate living room. The property's master bedroom features an en suite and a Juliet balcony. *10 years NHBC warranty*"
"Appealing Semi Detached Villa in sought after area offering excellent family sized accommodation over two levels. The property is situated close to Glasgow's fashionable West End offering an abundance of recreational facilities as well as many local amenities including shops, public transport ser..."
Three-storey living as it should be. FLEXIBLE living spaces with a DESIGNER kitchen. MAIN BEDROOM features an ENSUITE shower room.
"The Blackwood - FOUR-BEDROOM home, with SEPARATE LOUNGE, OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/FAMILY DINING ROOM and LAUNDRY ROOM. Upstairs, offers flexibility for a home office space. The PRINCIPAL BEDROOM with EN-SUITE features a BUILT-IN WARDROBE."
"""The Geddes"" by Taylor Wimpey is a spacious four-bedroom detached villa with multiple car driveway, integral garage, and landscaped gardens. It is close to local amenities, primary and secondary schools, sports and recreational facilities, regular bus services and Hairmyres Train Station. "
"Located within a most favourable local address, this well presented semi-detached bungalow provides spacious accommodation over two levels. The home will appeal to a wide range of prospective purchasers and is sure to impress on viewing. Comprises, reception hall, bay windowed front fac..."
"A modern, spacious four bedroomed detached villa built by Miller Homes, occupying a corner plot with Southerly rear garden. Situated within a popular and sought-after residential area clos..."
This rarely available family home enjoys a popular location within a sought after residential development.
"New. Superb two bedroom apartment with exceptional outlook, GCH, DG and private garage."
"Extended five bedroom semi-detached villa offering flexible family accommodation located within the popular Kings Park locale. Early viewing is highly recommended.Located within the popular Kings Park locale, this property offers easy access to a host of local amenities including nearby shops, sch"
"Available for cash purchase only. This is an excellent duplex apartment, comprising of three-bedrooms and two very generous living spaces, it spans over 1874 sq ft and is one of the larger style of apartments within the development. Situated on the first and second floor of the southeast corner o..."
"The Leith is a superb four-bedroom detached family home. There's a spacious utility room, downstairs cloakroom, en suite master bedroom and a single garage. The large kitchen/dining area lends itself to family meals as well as entertaining friends, with french doors opening onto the rear garden."
Three storey living as it should be. FLEXIBLE living spaces with BI-FOLD doors and DESIGNER kitchen. Main bedroom features ENSUITE shower room.
"The Erinvale is an attractive, 3-bedroom family home which features an open-plan kitchen/dining area with French doors to the rear garden, along with separate living room. Upstairs, the double master bedroom features an en suite and a Juliet balcony, whilst the remaining share a family bathroom"
"3 bedroom detached home with OPEN PLAN living, BI-FOLD doors, DESIGNER kitchen with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, integral GARAGE, downstairs WC and utility and en-suite to the main bedoom"
"* Stunningly Presented, Larger Style Four Bedroom Executive Detached Home * Fantastic Residential Location Within Desirable Location - Walk In Conditions * Spacious Front Facing Lounge, Large Open Plan Kitchen Dining Family Room * Four Double Bedrooms, Three Bathrooms ( (cont.)"
Includes 12 month mortgage contribution worth £6000! Three storey living as it should be. FLEXIBLE living spaces with BI-FOLD doors and DESIGNER kitchen. Main bedroom features ENSUITE shower room.
"The Kingston is a wonderful chain free and energy efficient home which boasts an open-plan kitchen and dining area with utility area, plus a separate living room. Upstairs there are 4 double bedrooms, with an en suite and fitted wardrobes to bedroom 1, along with a contemporary family bathroom."
A modern detached house set within popular residential development.
"This professionally extended, 3/4 bedroom detached property is located a short distance from Lenzie Academy and Lenzie train station. Immaculately presented and maintained throughout early viewing is essential. The property boasts flexible family accommodation including the garage conversion whic..."
"This stunning larger style Detached Villa at Duncolm View was built by Miller Homes in 2018. The immaculate, four bedroom family home is formed over two levels and set within a good size plot with a driveway and garage. The property is located close to local schooling and countryside on the outsk..."
Stunning example of a four bedroom detached family villa within this lovely pocket of Hairmyres.  The property has been upgraded to the highest of standards throughout and would make a wonderful family home.
"Excellent two-bed red sandstone apartment, Fully upgraded, Walk-in condition, Popular area of Craigton"
"Located within a short and child friendly cul-de-sac, a rare opportunity to acquire an all on one level semi-detached bungalow providing good sized accommodation throughout. The property will appeal to a wide range of prospective purchasers’ and it is sure to impress on viewing. C..."
"Available with an entirely flexible entry date, Ruthven Avenue is a rarely available three bedroom, extended semi-detached bungalow located within one of Giffnock's more desirable residential pockets. Set amidst beautiful, landscaped gardens which deliver a superb child and pet friendly proposit..."
"Now Available - An exceptional development of 36, 2 bed apartments and garden duplexes plus exclusive penthouse collection."
"A truly impressive, bright and beautifully proportioned four bedroom detached villa occupying a superb location within a modern sought after estate. We have tried to put into words what this fantastic home has to offer but only internal viewing will confirm this."
"Immediate internal viewing is strongly recommended to fully appreciate this extended and converted detached villa Persimmon Homes that offers truly deceiving family accommodation throughout that is conveniently located close to a wide range of local amenities that include schools, public transpor..."
"The Avon is a stunning two bedroom apartment. 
 
The open-plan living area is an ideal base for entertaining and relaxing featuring a a kitchen/dining area and lounge space. 
 
The hallway leads to two double bedrooms, a family bathroom and convenient storage cupboards.
 
Within the apartment blo..."
"The Larchwood- FOUR BEDROOM home with OPEN PLAN LIVING/ DINING and SEPARATE KITCHEN. FRENCH DOORS to GARDEN. The PRINCIPAL BEDROOM features an EN-SUITE, while the remaining three bedrooms offer flexibility to accommodate a HOME OFFICE."
Alan Ferguson of Keller Williams presents an ideal family home in Bishopbriggs to the market. Call now to book your viewing!
"The Sherwood is a stunning chain free and energy efficient family home that features an open-plan kitchen, dining and living area with a set of elegant French doors onto the rear garden. Upstairs, there are 3 double bedrooms and 1 single, with an en-suite and fitted wardrobes to bedroom 1"
"The perfect home for those looking to take the next step.
 
On the ground floor of the Craigend you will find a spacious lounge and at the back of the home, you'll find the spacious kitchen/dining/family room leading to the back garden through a patio door. 
 
A utility room and WC are located ju..."
"An impressive four bedroomed, split level detached villa, delightfully set on a mature, end of cul-de-sac plot on the outskirts of the town in what is recognised as one of the most desirable addresses..."
"Allen & Harris are delighted to offer to the market this rare three bedroom extended detached bungalow located within the popular area of Bishopbriggs, Glasgow. This property would ideally suit older couple that are looking to downsize and early viewing is highly advised to avoid any disappointment"
"NEW BUILD PROPERTY NEST Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this brand new four bedroom detached property built by Wilson Developments (Scotland) Ltd within the sought after area of Myrtle Road, Uddingston. This luxury property promises an outstanding family home characterised b..."
"Located within the highly desirable suburb of Giffnock, this traditional detached bungalow comes to the market in need of investment.  "
"'Charing Cross Mansions', a superb 4 bed apartment within an iconic A listed building, With HMO potential"
"An exceptionally well presented 3 bedroom detached villa in a popular location in Bearsden, close to excellent schooling and local amenities. The property is beautifully presented throughout having undergone extensive renovation by the current owners, with fresh modern decor and contemporary styl..."
"*** New Price - Home Report Val £330K !!! *** This tasteful, detached family home, offers spacious accommodation over two levels. The current owner has maintained and presented the property to an exceptional throughout with the addition of many additional up-grades. Early viewing is imperative. ..."
"This detached home has been renovated to a superb standard and offers high specification finishes throughout. Thoughtfully extended to provide bright and spacious accommodation, the property has a generous open plan dining kitchen and attractive décor creating a fabulous family home. EPC..."
"One of the development's flagship configurations, this recently decorated, spacious family home occupies a wonderful corner position with four excellent bedrooms, a recently upgraded kitchen, high specification fit and finish throughout, solar panels and a stunning South-East facing private garden."
Allan Brown of Keller Williams is delighted to present to the market this newly refurbished 3 bed 2 bath traditional sandstone tenement apartment with a private front garden and main door access.
An impressive traditional two-bedroom main door lower conversion in one of the West End's most cherished addresses. The subjects have been modernised by the present owner to offer stylish well-proportioned accommodation and finished to a luxury exacting standard. The accommodation comprises...
"Situated on an expansive plot in a family friendly street in the particularly sought after area of Lindsayfield lies 9 Elsie Way. A truly impressive, bright and beautifully proportioned family home is in true walk in condition which is sure to impress all who view. Built by Miller Homes in 2..."
A fantastic opportunity in the form of this one bedroom modern apartment perfectly located only a short walk from the city centre with private residents parking. The property is situated on the preferred first floor of a highly successful executive development and is ideally located for easy acce...
"Kenny McLintock at Yopa is proud to present this well presented extended family home situated in the highly sought after Newton Farm Estate in Cambuslang. Features include sunroom, generous size bedrooms, garage conversion (being used as 5th bedroom), master en-suite and south facing rear garden"
Superb Linked Detached Villa |En Suite | Double Driveway | Ground Floor WC | South Facing Enclosed Rear Garden
"A stunning one bedroom apartment, set within the former David Stow teaching school building surrounded by lush parkland. This brand new home features Cala Homes' high specification throughout, with impressive entrance lobby, ground floor storage and mail room. "
"* Assisted Moves Available * Harris Style New Home * Fantastic Open Plan Kitchen/Dining Area Ideal For Entertaining * Large Spacious Dual Aspect Lounge, Three Double Bedrooms * Three Bathrooms (Lower Level W.C., En-Suite & Main Bathroom) * Monobloc Drivew (cont.)"
"FLOORING, LIGHTING AND BLINDS NOW INCLUDED. The A-type apartment is a modern two bedroom apartment designed with modern living in mind and features thoughtful touches throughout. What's more as our feature apartment enjoy a flooring, lighting and blinds package, enjoy have your dream h..."
"The Cameron is a spacious 2-bedroom garden floor apartment, boasting a generous open plan, kitchen, living and dining room with access out to your private patio. Enjoy a designer kitchen with integrated appliances included at no extra cost. "
"An exceptional three-bedroom detached home, plot 105 at Jackton Green, The Impstone. Modern, open-plan home with a designer specification. The hallway leads to a light and spacious kitchen with integrated appliances including a fridge freezer, oven, and hob. Beyond is a separate living a..."
"Includes 12 month mortgage contribution worth £3600! Exceptional THREE bedroom DETACHED home with DESIGNER kitchen, INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, BI-FOLD doors, downstairs utility and WC, separate bathroom and EN-SUITE"
Village Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this stunning 4 bedroom detached villa situated in the much sought after area of Gartcosh. Viewing is essential to fully appreciate the accommodation on offer on this stunning 4 bedroom detached villa which is in truly walk in condition. 
"Immaculately presented detached villa occupying a prime position within a prestigious development in Glasgow's Southside. Agents highly advise internal viewings to fully appreciate the size, style and quality of accommodation available."
"63 Holehouse Road A well-maintained semi-detached bungalow set within beautifully kept garden grounds and offering an attractive rural outlook. Internally, the accommodation comprises; entrance vestibule opening onto the hallway, bright and spacious front facing living room, kitchen with a go..."
"A beautifully presented three bedroom detached villa, well placed for amenities within the surrounding district."
"Located within the Canniesburn area of Bearsden, this luxury, two bedroom, first floor apartment is located in the popular Westerly development by McCarthy and Stone."
"Immediately impressive and individual, this beautifully presented DETACHED VILLA built circa 1976, comprises a meticulously maintained family home. Situated adjacent to Peel Park with uninterrupted aspects, the property is just a short walk to Cowgate offering a wide and varied range of shopping ..."
"***PLEASE SEE OUR PROFESSIONAL HD VIDEO TOUR*** Immediate internal viewing is of paramount importance to fully appreciate this truly deceiving, individually built, six apartment detached villa, that offers fantastic family accommodation throughout. The property is set within this highl..."
"Tastefully presented and well appointed traditional sandstone 3 bedroom semi detached villa, enjoying a large level plot situated in the popular commuters town of Chryston with easy access to a range ..."
***PLEASE SEE OUR PROFESSIONAL HD VIDEO*** Occupying a superb end position within a quiet cul-de-sac in the exclusive development of Gartloch Village lies this beautiful four bedroom detached villa. This bright stylish home with neutral décor offers spacious family accommodation over ...
"This substantial three bedroom detached villa, occupies a fairly large plot within one of the most desirable and sought out addresses in Bishopbriggs.  The home has an extremely flexible and adaptable layout and is extremely well located for local amenities."
"Discover luxury living in the heart of Dennistoun! This stunning period sandstone property has been lovingly restored and converted into three modern luxury apartments. Steeped in history and charm, the building retains many of its original features."
"A handsome stone fronted semi-detached home which benefits from a prominent corner position within the desired Mosshead district of Bearsden. The superb semi-detached villa was built by John McDonald in the 1930s and is finished in white painted roughcast, with an attractive red st..."
"The Leawood - four-bedroom home, with SEPARATE LOUNGE, OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING, with French doors leading to the garden. Upstairs, there are three bedrooms and a PRINCIPAL BEDROOM with built-in wardrobe and EN-SUITE."
This is an incredible two bedroom flat set on the third floor within this exclusive modern building in Hyndland
"Spacious third floor flat within blonde sandstone tenement building occupying a popular and much sought after tree lined address in the heart of Glasgow's West End. The spacious accommodation from secured entrance into welcoming reception hallway with storage situated off, generous proportioned b..."
"Deceptively spacious detached villa, enjoying a cul-de-sac position within this sought-after development with open parkland opposite and delightful views to The Campsies in the distance, especially fr..."
If you are looking for a stunning 4-bed detached house in Moodiesburn then this could be the perfect property for you. Early viewing is recommended.
"Nestled in a fantastic corner plot, this four bedroom detached property makes a superb family home! With spacious open plan lounge/dining room/kitchen, this is a really sociable space ideal for modern family living. In the popular Balloch area of Cumbernauld, this is a spot popular with commute..."
"***PLEASE SEE OUR PROFSSIONAL HD VIDEO*** Truly stunning is the only accurate description of this professionally converted detached villa by Persimmon Homes that offers sumptuous family accommodation throughout, that immediate internal viewing will surely confirm. The property com..."
"Traditional Mid Terraced Villa offering excellent family accommodation. The property is situated in a popular South Side location close to all amenities including, schools, numerous shops and supermarkets, recreational facilities and excellent public transport services including a train station...."
Presented to the market in wonderful order throughout. This detached villa has been completely transformed by the present owners to create a fabulous open plan family home with a contemporary style seldom found in the area
This well presented 4 bedroom detached home is set within a cul-de-sac with open views to the front and is located within this very popular development Accommodation Reception Hall Lounge with access to under stair storage Dining sized kitchen with French doors leading o...
SPACIOUS & BRIGHT ELEVATED GROUND FLOOR WEST FACING 2 BEDROOM RED SANDSTONE TENEMENT APARTMENT WITH PRIVATE OUTDOOR SPACE SET IN THE LEAFY AND SOUGHT AFTER WEST END DISTRICT OF HYNDLAND.
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this wonderful five bedroom detached property in the sought after location of Lindsayfield, East Kilbride. The property would attract all types of buyers and make a great family home. Early viewing would be highly recommended. Entering the prop..."
"FINAL APARTMENTS REMAINING. Discover the C-type apartment new to Balgray Gardens, Newton Mearns. Boasting a high specification throughout, lift access to all floors and allocated parking. This two bedroom apartment offers a spacious open plan kitchen, dining and living room with a private balcony. "
 Darren Young & RE/MAX Property Marketing Centre are delighted to present to the market this stunning 4 bedroom detached family villa. This perfectly proportioned four-bedroom detached home with single integral garage is a must see. The lower level features a welcoming entrance hallway with u...
"The Thurso is a bright & flexible home, perfect for those taking the next step.
 
The open-plan kitchen/dining area offers easy access to the back garden and also features an adjoining utility area - perfect for storage.
 
The spacious lounge is just along the hallway alongside plenty of practica..."
The Thurso is a superb home for first-time buyers and growing families alike. The open-plan kitchen/dining area is the perfect space for hosting friends and family and also offers easy access to the back garden. The bright and spacious lounge is also found downstairs alongside plenty of practic...
"With 3 bedrooms, the Chalmers is perfect for anyone looking for a little extra space."
Stylish 2 bedroom apartment situated on the first floor featuring open plan living with Juliette balcony and separate utility. Principal bedroom complete with en suite and fitted wardrobes.
"The Fulford is a chain free and energy efficient family home that features an open-plan kitchen, living, and dining room with French doors to the garden. Upstairs there are 3 double bedrooms, with an en suite to bedroom 1, plus a stylish family bathroom. This home also features an integral garage. "
"Includes 12 month mortgage contribution worth £3600! Exceptional four bedroom-three storey home living with OPEN PLAN living, EXCLUSIVE KITCHEN DESIGNS and BI-FOLD doors. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM. "
"The Glencoe is an energy efficient, chain free home with benefits from a large kitchen including selected integrated appliances and French doors to rear garden. There is also a large living room and integral garage. Upstairs there are 2 double bedrooms and 1 single, with an en suite to bedroom 1."
Phase 1 sold out. Phase 2 now available. Plot 39 is a superb 2-bedroom apartment located on the 4th floor at Holmwood Heights.
"Located within the desirable Greenhall Village development, this impressive family detached villa offers a fantastic layout of bright and airy apartments that have been finished to a very high standard throughout. Built by Avant Homes in the style of the 'Ashbury' this spacious and styli..."
"This three-bedroom flat forms part of a landmark building on Clarence Drive in the much sought after Broomhill District. The accommodation is bright and spacious and includes a living/dining kitchen, lovely bay windowed living room, three excellent double bedrooms, bedroom one with ensuite shower..."
"* Beautifully Presented, Bright & Spacious Four/Five Bedroom Detached Family Home * Walk In Condition - Modern & Neutral Decor, Gas Heating & Double Glazing Throughout * Spacious Lounge With Semi Open Plan Dining Room & Further Conservatory * Modern Fitted Kitchen, Mod (cont.)"
"This immediately impressive, three-bedroom duplex penthouse apartment spans over 1182 sq ft and having been refurbished throughout its current ownership, offers a high specification finish and benefits from fantastic, south facing river views and undercover allocated car parking. Situ..."
"A wonderful, three-bedroom semi-detached family home set within an especially desirable and centrally positioned Newton Mearns crescent. The property provides spacious accommodation arranged over two levels and benefits from modern fixtures and fittings along with fresh wiring and plum..."
"Set within the desirable Landsdale Gate development is the ""Rosedale"" by ""Bellway Homes"", a three-bedroom detached villa with integral garage. It is convenient for Hairmyres Train Station, regular bus services and the motorway network making it ideal for commuters. "
"This modern apartment provides plenty of light and space throughout. 
 
An open-plan living area with kitchen and dining space is flooded with natural light from the large dual-aspect windows. 
 
There are two double bedrooms, a family bathroom and additional storage/utility space off the hall. T..."
"Brand new to Prince's Quay, the Cameron features a stylish open plan kitchen and dining area, two spacious bedrooms and contemporary fixtures and fittings throughout."
"This exceptional 3 bedroom home features OPEN PLAN living with DESIGNER KITCHEN, INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and BIFOLD doors. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE with FULL-HEIGHT tiling. "
"Enjoy the best of modern living in this three-bedroom home which benefits from an open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors leading into the garden. There’s a front-aspect lounge, utility, storage cupboard and WC. Upstairs, bedroom one is en suite and there's a bathroom and further storage."
"The Cameron is a spacious 2-bedroom garden floor apartment, boasting a generous open plan, kitchen, living and dining room with access out to your private patio. Enjoy a designer kitchen with integrated appliances included at no extra cost. Incentives available - ask Cala's expert team for details."
"***HD 360 VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE*** Keys Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market, this traditional detached bungalow, set within the popular and much sought after address of Wester Road,..."
An extended and exceptionally well presented four bedroom semi-detached family home with generous garden in the ever popular Kelvindale close to good schools and easy transport links. The property has been beautifully maintained and modernised and offers a very flexible layout for modern family l...
A traditional semi - detached villa enjoying a highly popular location.
"A bright and well presented three bedroom end terrace villa set within this established and popular small modern development, built by MacTaggart & Mickel, well placed for local amenities, transport links and popular East Renfrewshire schools."
Plot 29 is a superb 2-bedroom apartment located on the 3rd floor at Holmwood Heights.
This traditional detached sandstone bungalow is set within a charming courtyard which dates back to the early 19th century. Centrally positioned within the village of Uddingston this quaint property is sure to be of attraction to the downsizing market therefore early viewing is strongly advised. 
This spacious four bedroom detached villa built by Bellway Homes is maintained to a very high standard. It benefits from having a monobloc driveway leading to the integral garage and set within landscaped gardens. 
"Occupying a prominent, elevated position within a quiet yet convenient residential pocket is this comprehensively upgraded three bedroom semi detached villa. 192 Weymouth Drive has been tastefully upgraded by the current owner and benefits from excellent natural light and a comfortably proportion..."
*** Closing date Friday 31st March at 12 noon ***
"Village Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this stunning, seldom available, 4 double bedroom detached villa in the sought after area of Muirhead. "
"Presented to the market by award winning local agent Kelvin Valley Properties, is this stunning four bedroom detached period property with a contemporary interior in an established part of the town of Kilsyth. No expense has been spared on this beautiful family home which has been upgraded throug..."
This impressive detached villa occupies a prominent position within this popular estate and has been presented in excellent order throughout.
A spacious ground floor one bedroom tenement flat located within a refurbished building on Preston Street in Govanhill. The property requires internal refurbishment and is sure to interest the first time buyer and buy to let markets alike.
Enjoying a truly fantastic position within this prime cul-de-sac setting within the highly regarded Tannochside area of Uddingston is this beautifully appointed 4 bedroom detached villa. 
"DJ Alexander are delighted to welcome to the market this exceptionally stylish first floor, two bedroom apartment at the heart of Glasgow's bustling city centre."
Extending to 924 square feet this highly desirable modern apartment enjoys a ground floor position and is incredibly bright due to its prominent corner position giving numerous windows. Flat 0/9 has a unique position in the single storey section of the building and the property is in walk-in cond...
"Beautiful, extended, John Lawrence, three bedroom semi detached villa, with wonderful, contemporary, wrap around extension to the rear and an attached garage."
"Well-presented extended three-bedroom semi-detached house set on a desirable plot, with large rear garden and double garage. The property has a spacious and flexible layout, which will attract a variety of viewers, and is set in an extremely sought-after residential area within Bishopbriggs close..."
"**Price Reduction**Located within the sought after locale of North Kelvinside, Century 21 present this 3 bedroom basement flat to the market. Forming part of a traditional red sandstone tenement with some internal work required, early viewing is essential. EPC - Band C "
"An attractive end terrace villa in what is arguably one of Stepps most desirable and established residential areas, close to the local amenities including schooling and the train station. P..."
A luxurious ground floor flat set within a highly sought after development.
"Offering excellent living space this property includes a large welcoming reception hallway, fabulous bright bay window lounge with fireplace, separate dining / sitting room, and generous modern dining kitchen giving access to well-tended rear gardens. Completing the lower level of the property we..."
"Rarely available enjoying an elevated position this classic traditional Bearsden post war bungalow offers attractive family accommodation ideally located minutes from the station, shops and all local amenities. Accommodation comprises entrance vestibule entrance hall lounge kitchen thre..."
"Occupying a second-floor position within a red sandstone tenement building in the Glasgow’s City Centre, this five-bedroom property holds an HMO licence - valid till 2024 and for 5 occupants. It is currently occupied on a PRT and generates a monthly rental income of £2,575 and therefo..."
"******** UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON THE MARKET ********* * Beautifully Presented, Bright & Spacious Four/Five Bedroom Detached Home * Spacious Front Facing Lounge & Fabulous Open Plan Kitchen Dining Family Area * Four Very Well Appointed Bedrooms, Three Bathrooms, Additional F (cont.)"
"Includes 12 month mortgage contribution worth £3600! Exceptional four bedroom-three storey home living with OPEN PLAN living, EXCLUSIVE KITCHEN DESIGNS, and bifold doors. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM."
"The Kinloch is lovely energy efficient and chain free family home which boasts a large, open-plan kitchen and dining area with stylish fitted units and elegant French doors onto the rear garden. Upstairs, there are 2 double bedrooms and 1 single, plus family bathroom and an en suite to bedroom 1"
"Well presented modern detached villa set within a much sought after and central Southside residential location. The accommodation on offer comprises entrance hallway, beautifully presented lounge with dining area, lovely conservatory, modern kitchen, utility room, cloaks/w/c and sitting room/bed..."
"Hoppers present this modern, extended semi-detached villa, located in a quiet cul-de-sac close to local amenities and transport links. This spacious family home benefits from off-road parking, a garden room, 2 bathrooms and superb garden areas"
"NEW FIXED PRICE, THIS PROPERTY HAS BEEN PRICED TO SELL ! £10,000 UNDER HOME REPORT VALUE ! David Dunn and RE/MAX Property Marketing Centre are delighted to present to the market this three bedroom end-terraced house within the highly sought after suburb of Kings Park. The property which ..."
Village Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this fantastic opportunity to purchase this modern 3 bedroom detached villa with a side conversion. Viewing is essential to fully appreciate the accommodation on offer on this modern 3 bedroom detached villa. 
"Set in a much sought after Bishopbriggs residential pocket this is an excellent opportunity to acquire a stunning extended semi-detached villa. This property has been beautifully maintained throughout and early viewing is highly recommended. The accommodation comprises a hallway, modern w/c..."
"Impressive semi-detached home with MODERN KITCHEN, flexible living spaces, INTERNAL GARAGE and large main bedroom w/ ENSUITE"
"* Stunningly Presented, Bright & Spacious Four Bedroom Detached Family Home * Walk In Condition - Modern & Neutral Decor, GCH & DG Throughout * Spacious Front Facing Lounge With Semi Open Plan Access To Dining Room * Modern Fitted Kitchen Dining Room With A Separate Util (cont.)"
"This chic, stylish and contemporary two-bedroom warehouse apartment is very generously proportioned at over 1200 sq ft (GIA). Providing luxury living in the heart of Glasgow City, it has an impressive open plan living space, flooded with light from a wall of five feature windows facing east over ..."
"** Timed Online Auction - 06 April 2023 ** MODERNISED 2 Bed Corner Tenement Flat located in the heart of Glasgow's West End. EXCELLENT income producing investment with possible rental income of up-to Â£24,000 pa. ** HOME REPORT VALUE = Â£330,000."
" Shanta Residential are delighted to present to the market, this excellent three bedroom, semi detached house in the sought after area of Clarkston, Glasgow. Within walking distance of the local schooling, shops and railway stations, this property is ideally situated for families and those looki..."
"Benefitting from an extremely convenient position in Milngavie, within walking distance of 'the village' - this well-appointed three-bedroom semi-detached villa with private garden and detached garage offers comfortable living space within one of the area's most sought after locations. <..."
Plot 3 is a superb 2-bedroom apartment located on the ground floor at Holmwood Heights.
3 bedroom semi-detached home with driveway and integral garage.
"An impressive, four or five bedroomed duplex flat with some of the finest views to be found anywhere in Glasgow. This impressive home offers generous accommodation over two levels, making it a must for viewing in order to be appreciated. This blonde sandstone tenement buildi..."
"A rarely available, semi-detached villa, formally the Athletes Village, which is conveniently located for a host of amenities and transport links. This fabulous townhouse comprises a welcoming reception hall, modern kitchen/diner, spacious lounge, ground floor garden room, four double bedrooms ..."
"* Beautifully Presented & Spacious, Four Bedroom Detached Family Home * Modern & Neutral Decor, Gas Central Heating & Double Glazing Throughout * Spacious Open Plan Lounge, Dining Room & Modern Fitted Kitchen * Separate Rear Sunroom & Living Room - Viewings Essential (cont.)"
"• Smartly presented three bedroomed semi-villa • Located in Bearsden’s highly popular Killermont district • Brilliantly landscaped rear garden (2021), new monobloc driveway (2023) • Contemporary fixtures, fittings and finished throughout • Killer..."
Truly outstanding and professionally extended detached villa which offers outstanding family accommodation throughout and benefits from being located within the ever popular Drumsagard Village. 
"A rarely available and well presented traditional semi detached villa which has been upgraded by the current vendor to offer a stylish family home. This spacious property is situated in a popular residential area, well placed for local schooling, shopping facilities and transport links."
"The property has been INDEPENDENTLY VALUED at £300,000 by a Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) qualified surveyor. A rare and promising find for any house hunter, this spacious detached property has been throroughly modernised and renovated throughout, meaning it is ready for ..."
"• Four apartment semi-detached bungalow in popular Kessington district • Superb level plot, extended to rear and with south facing garden • Very peaceful situation – quiet, family friendly • Perfect home for couples and downsizers • Modernisation..."
"A particularly spacious and well presented, two bedroom/two public room first floor apartment, built by Stewart Milne and set within attractive resident's grounds, close to local amenities and transport links."
"As fresh as a daisy and as sharp as a tack this is an exceptionally fabulous, super-luxe home of residential brilliance. Setting a high bar of top end Merchant City living and distinctively chic this amazingly stylish 2 bedroom flat is in one of the area's most pre-eminent buildings, built as No..."
"Paul Owens of On The Move Estate Agents is delighted to bring to the market this four bed with potential to be five Bedroom Detached Villa on this sought after area of Baillieston. The property is over two levels and consists of an entrance hallway, downstairs WC, lounge, dining/sitting room, kit..."
"*** MORE AIMED TOWARDS THE INVESTMENT MARKET *** *** EXTREMELY LIMITED VIEWS DUE TO CURRENT AIRBNB BUSINESS SET UP *** *** £30,000 NET PROFIT - 10% YIELD, COMPLETELY LICENSED & HANDS OF MANAGEMENT *** * Beautifully Presented & Spacious Four Bedroom Detached Family Home (cont.)"
"Deceptively spacious, four bedroomed, detached chalet style villa, enjoying a delightful position within this popular residential area and with the benefit of a mature tree backdrop to the rear garden..."
"This beautiful blonde sandstone period apartment successfully blends modern specifications with traditional charm and appeal. This stylish property comprises L-shaped entrance hallway, spacious lounge with feature fireplace, contemporary breakfasting kitchen, two bedrooms and well-appointed showe..."
"Set within the desirable Landsdale Gate development is the ""Erinvale"" by ""Bellway Homes"", a three-bedroom detached villa. It is convenient for Hairmyres Train Station, regular bus services and the motorway network making it ideal for commuters. "
The Arisaig is a contemporary 3 bedroom end terrace family home.
"Brand new apartments, refurbished from the historic David Stow teaching school. Featuring a generous living and dining area, streamlined kitchen with integrated appliances and built in wardrobes to the bedroom, this modern city apartment is as functional as it is stylish."
"The perfect home for first-time buyers. The Traquair features an open-plan kitchen diner with easy access out onto your turfed private garden. You'll also find a handy store cupboard and WC on your ground floor. Your stylish lounge features plenty of space to relax with friends & family.
 
Ups..."
"A spacious semi-detached home situated that is ideal for first-time buyers and growing families. 
 
Your new home has an open-plan dining kitchen with a patio door leading to the private turfed garden. Downstairs is complete with a spacious lounge and a handy cloakroom. 
 
Upstairs, you will find..."
"A brand new home with 3 bedrooms and thoughtful touches throughout, enjoy more as standard such as integrated appliances and fitted wardrobes. The Arisaig is the perfect family home to grow into boasting a generous open plan lounge and dining room with French doors out to your private rear garden."
An incredible one bedroom flat set with the iconic David Stow building by Cala Homes in this exclusive Jordanhill Park development. 
"This spacious two bedroom apartment features French doors with a Juliet balcony.
 
An open-plan living space contains the lounge, kitchen and dining area. 
 
The main bedroom comes complete with en suite. 
 
Further benefits include a second double bedroom, bathroom and good storage space."
This apartment is a beautiful two bedroom property at the stunning Merchants Gate development in Pollokshields. ***Incentives Available***
"Truly stunning and contemporary four bedroom, three bathroom modern semi-detached villa split across three floors. Set within a sought after residential area down a quiet cul-de-sac. This is a property not to be missed and early viewing is advised. It is in better than turn key condition. <..."
"Putting the zing into amazing this very desirable and super stylish 2 bed, 2 bath signature apartment is amongst the City's most immediately appealing lifestyle flats. Set in a cornerstone development the flat provides urban lifestyle living at its best. This well appointed flat is on the 5th flo..."
"Allen & Harris are delighted to offer to the market this extended three bedroom semi detached villa located within the popular area of Bishopbriggs, Glasgow. This property would ideally suit younger and older families alike and early viewing is highly recommended to avoid any disappointment."
"Allen and Harris are delighted to present to the market this seldom available, exceptionally well presented and appealing traditional mid terraced villa situated in a desirable area of Barrhead. This wonderful home is ideally placed for access to amenities and early internal viewing is essential!"
"A truly outstanding three bedroom fourth floor apartment of over 1600 sq ft by Cala Homes and forming part of the highly popular Glasgow Harbour development. The flat benefits from private parking, has exceptionally flexible open plan living space and boasts spectacular views up and down the Rive..."
"***UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON THE MARKET ***Discover luxury living in the heart of Dennistoun! This stunning period sandstone property has been lovingly restored and converted into three modern luxury apartments. Steeped in history and charm, the building retains many of its original features."
3 Bedroom Flat in the Heart of The West End
"**SOLD AT Closing date **This three bedroom detached villa, occupies a fairly large plot within one of the most desirable and sought out addresses in Bishopbriggs. The property is positioned within reasonable walking distance of a diverse range of shops and amenities and of course nearby local re..."
"A truly impressive, bright and beautifully proportioned detached villa occupying a superb position within a modern sought after estate. The accommodation has been well maintained to an extremely high standard by its present owners. Viewing advised."
"* Beautifully Presented, Bright & Spacious Three Bedroom Top Floor Duplex Apartment * Large & Spacious Plan Lounge With Semi Open Plan Dining Kitchen, Separate Utility * Modern & Neutral Decor, Gas Central Heating & Double Glazing Throughout, * Three Generous Double B (cont.)"
"Spacious and well-presented four bedroom detached villa with south east facing garden set within a child friendly cul-de-sac in Lindsayfield. The property comprises reception hallway, a spacious front facing living room with bay window and a generous sized open plan kitchen/diner. The kitchen has..."
"Set on the most preferred top floor position with Southerly aspects, this impressively sized three bedroom luxury apartment will appeal to a wide range of prospective purchasers The development enjoys a quiet yet highly convenient location for nearby facilities and amenities all within easy ..."
"Designed to accommodate modern lifestyles, the 3 bedroom Blair will suit couples and families alike."
"Plot 18 is a 2 bedroom apartment with study situated on the third floor which benefits from open plan kitchen and living area, 2 double bedrooms with principal en suite."
"Don't miss this beautiful brand new 2 bed apartment by Cala Homes in Newton Mearns. With flooring, lighting and blinds package incuded at no extra cost. Boasting a high specification throughout, lift access to all floors and allocated parking. Ground floor, with walk-on balcony and video entry"
"***HD VIDEO AVAILABLE*** Keys Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market, this rarely available modern Detached villa, built by Persimmon Homes, set within the popular and much sought after..."
"Nicola Kennedy Residential are delighted to present this spacious centrally located linked bungalow benefiting from its close proximity to all local amenities, Uddingston train station and nearby motorway links, the M74 and M8."
"Beautifully presented four bedroom villa in sought after avenues development in Uddingston. Boasting landscaped front gardens and mono block driveway, this property is a superb family home and is in true walk in condition."
"A very tastefully presented and upgraded, mid terrace home in the incredibly popular Kelvindale District. The property offers a versatile four apartment layout over two levels to include a lovely formal living room, dining room/third bedroom and kitchen, and on upper floor there are two bedrooms ..."
"A spacious, rarely available bungalow in the sought after Scotstounhill area, just minutes from trains, buses, shops and schools. The property has low maintenance gardens, a double garage, 3 double bedrooms and a 4 piece bathroom. Ideal for young families and those looking to downsize."
"This spacious two bedroom apartment features French doors with a Juliet balcony.
 
An open-plan living space contains the lounge, kitchen and dining area. 
 
The main bedroom comes complete with en suite. 
 
Further benefits include a second double bedroom, modern family bathroom and good storage..."
A sizeable three-bedroom semi-detached villa enjoying a fine position with substantial garden grounds within ever popular Clarkston. This property is an excellent example of its kind with the premier end of road position providing both a high degree of privacy and potential to extend s...
"Modern four bedroom detached villa, close to many local amenities in the popular Parkhouse estate. The property would suit the family or professional market with good sized accommodation over two levels offering flexible living. Early viewing advised."
"A beautifully presented traditional mid terraced villa providing outstanding family accommodation and set in a cul-de-sac position within what is arguably one of Muirheads most desirable addresses. Finding a home of this style in this location is very difficult, so when one as good as thi..."
"Rarely available and would suit all types of buyers this three bedroom detached bungalow would make a great family home. Located near to all local amenities, shopping facilities and great school catchment area, early viewing would be highly recommended. Entering the property the hallway is welc..."
"Occupying an elevated position and situated within substantial garden grounds, this is a wonderful opportunity to acquire a detached family home in the ever popular Westerton district of Bearsden."
"Immaculately presented, three-bedroom, modern semi-detached family home with garden and driveway. Set in a new and expanding family-orientated development in Wallace Fields, located in Robroyston, northeast of Glasgow centre. A welcoming entrance hall affords access throughout the ground floor..."
"Tastefully presented and spacious, four-bedroom, modern, detached family home with gardens, a driveway, and an integrated garage. Located in a modern development in the village of Gartcosh, North Lanarkshire, just east of Glasgow centre. A welcoming entrance hall leads into a front-facing..."
34 CARDYKE WAY Unique modern Stewart Milne built 3 bedroom end terrace villa. Enjoying a wonderful position backing onto the grounds of Lenzie Golf course which is an appealing backdrop as well a...
This lovely two-bedroom duplex penthouse apartment has been refurbished during its current ownership to a high standard and is configured to offer a wonderful open plan living space with its kitchen separated by a peninsula and offering an excellent open outlook across the River Clyde to the sout...
"*** New Fixed Price!!! ***Located within a quiet pocket of this popular development, early viewing is recommended. This 3 bedroom detached property, boasts conservatory, large rear garden plot, driveway and garage. Lenzie Academy Catchment EER - D"
Beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached villa occupying a prime location within a convenient locale and local amenities. Early internal viewings are highly advised to fully appreciate this family home
"CODA Estates are delighted to present this semi-detached villa, occupying a delightful position in Larkfield Road. The property offers a flexible internal layout and excellent family accommodation over two levels. Requiring slight modernisation in areas however offering huge potential, this prope..."
A fully refurbished and contemporary designed ground floor flat set within the heart of Giffnock in beautiful residents gardens.
"Reduced in price. Must be viewed to be full appreciated. Beautiful extended detached family home in much admired and sought-after Strone Gardens area of Kilsyth. This extended villa has a perfect balance of four bedrooms, two bathrooms and two living spaces and a study which offers great versati..."
"Enjoying an enviable position within the highly regarded Cadder area of Bishopbriggs, this larger style semi-detached villa offers wonderful family sized accommodation. The property has been enhanced by an extension and loft conversion. EPC - D"
"A brand new home with 3 bedrooms and thoughtful touches throughout, enjoy more as standard such as integrated appliances and fitted wardrobes. Enjoy a generous open plan lounge and dining room with French doors out to your private rear garden. Move in this summer. "
The Arisaig is a contemporary 3 bedroom mid terrace family home.
"This spacious two bedroom apartment features French doors with a Juliet balcony. An open-plan living space contains the lounge, kitchen and dining area. 
 
The main bedroom comes complete with en suite. 
 
Further benefits include a second double bedroom, modern family bathroom and good storage ..."
"The Erinvale is a 3-bedroom home that benefits from an open-plan kitchen, dining, and family area, a separate living room, two double bedrooms, and an en suite to bedroom 1. French doors in the dining area open out onto the rear garden."
"This exceptional home has been thoroughgoingly rebuilt from the inside to out, once a derelict building now an immaculate six bedroom semi-detached family home sitting in an ideal central location for access to both the North and South side of Glasgow City.  Entry to the home via ..."
"***FANTASTIC FIXED PRICE £10,000 UNDER HOME REPORT *** * Beautifully Presented & Spacious Five Bedroom Semi Detached Family Home * Rarely Available & Highly Sought After Residential Area Of St Leonards, East Kilbride * Tastefully Extended Offering Flexible Family Livin (cont.)"
"Immaculately presented four bedroom detached Walker home with private south east facing garden, situated within this popular Blantyre development. The property has been well maintained by the current owners and early viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate this family home. The pro..."
"**UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON THE MARKET** This beautiful 3 bed detached villa has been extensively upgraded to high standard, sporting a single story extension with wc and potential for 4th bedro..."
A rare opportunity to acquire a professionally extended semi-detached villa which is within a child friendly cul-de-sac and offered for sale in show-home condition. The home has undergone sympathetic upgrading by the present owners’ and is finished to an exceptional standard throughout...
"*PRICE REDUCTION* A truly impressive, bright and beautifully proportioned three bedroom detached villa occupying a superb location within a modern sought after estate. Presented to the market to a truly excellent standard throughout, this delightful modern detached villa will not..."
"Situated within the prestigious landmark Palazzo Building in Glasgow’s Merchant City, this 3rd floor, two-bedroom high quality apartment has dual aspects towards both the Italian Centre and the Sheriff Court Building. The development was completed by Manor Kingdom in 2009, it is located on ..."
"
Well presented and expansive first floor traditional flat set within substantial sandstone building which enjoys a most central and convenient location. The property offers well laid out and good sized accommodation which in full comprises welcoming reception hallway, well presented lounge with ..."
"Set within this much sought-after residential pocket is this four apartment detached bungalow. The property is located in popular area of Kings Park and offers versatile accommodation comprising entrance vestibule leading to reception hallway, spacious bay window lounge, kitchen, bathroom a..."
"A very spacious and beautifully presented, ground floor, traditional three bedroom tenement apartment. This flat benefits from east and west aspects bringing ample natural light through the flat. Set in a superb location in the Woodlands area of Glasgow's West End. The accommodation i..."
This is an impressively proportioned five-bedroom family home that sits in a private development on the north of the River Clyde in Yoker that is only 7.5 miles from Glasgow's city center along Dumbarton Road. This is a very rare size of home in this price range so close to Glasgow.
"A home made to different standards. LIGHT and BRIGHT OPEN spaces, BI-FOLD doors, and CONTEMPORARY specifications. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE shower room."
• Three-bedroom Semi-Detached House • Nearby Craigdhu Primary School • Front porch extension • Two public rooms • Kitchen and bathroom • uPVC double glazing and gas central heating. Single garage • Garden adjacent to the small Keys...
"Spacious 4 apartment, second floor luxury flat, with private balcony and delightfully set with a tree-lined backdrop within what is considered the town`s premier development, close to Bearsden cross...."
"A beautifully presented and refurbished, three bedroom second floor apartment set within this continually sought after development by Dickie Homes, set with attractive landscaped resident's gardens, close to the Giffnock amenities."
"A well presented three bedroom semi detached villa, close to Clarkston Toll shops, local amenities and transport links."
"Generously proportioned, four bedroomed, detached villa situated in a delightful, position within this small development on the outskirts of Gartcosh and Muirhead and enjoying tree lined aspects to th..."
"With an exceptionally BRIGHT LOUNGE and FRENCH DOORS opening out from the DINING AREA, the ground floor has a particularly light, airy appeal. Flexible HOME OFFICE SPACE. Principal bedroom with EN-SUITE and BUILT-IN wardrobe."
"A stunning and highly sought after two bedroom main door flat, with private front garden, that has been meticulously upgraded by the current owners, located in the heart of the Hillhead."
"A fantastic, 3 bedroomed detached family home, sitting on a substantial garden plot at the corner of Cedar Gardens/Larchfield Drive, in a much sought-after and established pocket of Burnside. EPC – C"
"Mid terraced villa with accommodation comprising hallway, lounge, kitchen, three bedrooms and bathroom. GCH & DG. Gardens to front and rear."
"Unexpectantly BACK ON market, wonderful 3 bedroom semi-detached Carnoustie is a fabulous property both inside and out. It is beautifully stylish with its' modern look and design and is perfect both for the discerning first time purchaser or for those looking to downsize from a larger home. "
"Perfectly placed within this charming conservation area. This impressive semidetached villa is offered for sale in walk-in condition and is sure to impress on viewing. The home will ultimately appeal to the family market looking for village living, which includes a popular primary schoo..."
"Well presented and maintained by the current owner, this three bedroom semi-detached villa offers an ideal family home located in a prime corner position within a highly popular, quiet, residential district. The accommodation internally comprises of welcoming reception hallway with u..."
"** Timed Online Auction - 06 April 2023 ** CITY CENTRE PENTHOUSE 3 Bed, 2 Bath Duplex with full length Terrace & Covered Parking Space. Interior designed, Â£10k Furniture Included. Size: 87 sqm (936sqft). Rent estimate Â£30-36k pa. HR Â£330,000. ."
"Set within the prestigious Thornton View development is The Coull, a three-bedroom semi-detached villa built by Barratt Homes. It is finished to a very high standard throughout, and is convenient for Hairmyres Train Station, regular bus services and the motorway network. "
Right at the heart of town and one of The Merchant City's most desirable addresses The Chrysalis Building is a central point around which much of the character of the area radiates. This really smart and swish 2 bed flat is a most perfect place to be and has a unique hidden courtyard garden to hi...
"Whitecraigs Court is a top floor, two bedroom luxury apartment located within an extremely popular development within Giffnock. The apartment is within easy reach of a host of amenities and transport links within Giffnock & Newton Mearns, with Whitecraigs train station being close by offering dir..."
"A fabulous three bedroomed flat forming part of this attractive modern development. Positioned in the heart of Langside and enjoying some fabulous open views, this impressive flat is a must for viewing in order to be appreciated. The building is accessed via secure door entr..."
"Perfect for first-time buyers or professionals, featuring a private parking space. 
 
With a welcoming hallway and handy utility space, off the hall leads to an open-plan kitchen, dining and living area with added storage space providing the perfect space for entertaining. 
 
The apartment is com..."
"Plot 15 at The Picture House is a 2 bedroom third floor apartment benefiting from bay window, open-plan kitchen and living area, 2 double bedrooms with master en suite."
"Well presented extended semi-detached villa, enjoying a prime location set within the Braehead development within Cathcart. The property is located close to local shops and transport and within easy reach of both Clarkston and Shawlands. The accommodation extends to entrance hallway..."
"The subject property is accessed off Buchanan Street, where a double garage currently sits. The rectangular site slopes downwards from the roadside to the east, where the existing garden is located. The proposed house in the consented planning permission utilises the contours to good effect. The sit"
*** Magnificent Family Property *** This splendid family home has been tastefully finished and presented throughout by the current owners. Early viewing is essential to appreciate the standard of finish. The garage has been converted to provide additional space and there is a substantial timber f...
"Set within an extremely popular Giffnock development, this ground floor luxury apartment is located within easy reach of a host of local amenities and transport links to Glasgow City Centre. Internally, the apartment offers excellent accommodation comprising; a bright and spacious reception hallw..."
"Set in a highly desirable pocket close the James Hamilton Heritage Loch is this three-bedroom detached villa with integral garage. It is convenient for East Kilbride Train Station, Village, Kingsgate Retail Park, primary and secondary, schools and sports and recreational facilities."
" Shanta Residential are delighted to present to the market, this charming 3 bedroom end of terrace house in the sought after area of Kings Park, Glasgow. Within walking distance of the local schooling, shops and railway stations, this property is ideally situated for families and those looking t..."
Beautifully presented and rarely available 3-bedroom/6apt semi-detached bungalow; located in the popular locale of Cardonald on the Southside of Glasgow. The property has been maintained to a high standard throughout - it will delight all who view. Early viewing is highly recommended.
Set within the amazing Commonwealth Games Athletes' Village is this fantastic 4 bedroom end terraced property which is set over 3 levels and is located approximately three miles East of Glasgow City Centre. There is also planning consent for a single level extension to the rear of the property
"Deceptively spacious, detached villa enjoying a delightful situation within this popular residential development, close to the centre of Stepps and with a mature tree-lined backdrop creating a good degree of privacy to the rear garden. The combination of house and plot is difficult to..."
"An incredible, main door apartment situated in this incredibly popular and quiet pocket of Pollokshields. Having undergone a full and extensive renovation, this stunning three bedroomed flat is a must for viewing in order to be appreciated. The flat is accessed via its own, ..."
"This is a fantastic opportunity to secure a lovely three bedroom detached home in the ever popular Carrickstone area of Cumbernauld. Popular with families and ideally placed for commuters, this home features a converted garage which offers additional living space, a driveway, dining area, master..."
"Extended Semi Detached Villa in sought after area offering excellent family accommodation over two levels. The property is well presented to the market and is situated close to an abundance of local amenities including reputable schools, regular public transport services, an Asda Supermarket and ..."
"The property has been INDEPENDENTLY VALUED at £105,000 by a Royal Institution of Chartered Surveyors (RICS) qualified surveyor. This excellent upper cottage apartment offers an open plan reception room/diner, a fitted kitchen, two double bedrooms and a three-piece bathroom. Externally, the..."
"LARGE MODERN FLAT CIRCA 115 SQUARE METERS TWO BEDROOMS AND TWO BATHROOMS BALCONY IMPRESSIVE OPEN PLAN LIVING SPACE CLOSE TO CITY CENTRE, WEST END, AND GARNETHILL SECURE PARKING SPACE "
"A beautifully finished and well appointed, two bedroom mid terrace villa, well located in a highly desirable Southside address."
"A Stunning and very contemporary Three Bedroom Flat, Positioned in one of Glasgow's landmark and most iconic buildings"
Located within a quiet cul-de-sac is this deceptively spacious modern detached family villa. This superb family home has been well maintained and has been upgraded and decorated by the current owners to the highest of standards and early internal viewing is highly recommended. The property...
"Prepare to be impressed, with this signature show stopping duplex apartment boasting an incredibly impressive double height living space in the heart of the Merchant City. The mighty former Sheriff Court development offers residents a concierge service. A well-equipped gym, choice of ..."
"Brand new, three bedroomed, mid-terrace town house, set in a cul-de-sac position within this new development, which is immediately off Cumbernauld Road opposite Lethamhill Golf Course. Dece..."
"**DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS BLONDE SANDSTONE APARTMENT** IMPRESSIVE DIMENSIONS & HEIGHTS THROUGHOUT** View in person or online. **SHORT DISTANCE FROM GLASGOW CITY CENTRE & PUBLIC TRANSPORT LINKS** Please contact your personal estate agents, The Property Boom for much more info..."
"Experience LIGHT and BRIGHT OPEN spaces, BIFOLD doors and CONTEMPORARY sanitaryware. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE."
"This is a stunning detached home with an impressive open-plan kitchen/diner/family room. The Newton's features include a living room, separate dining room and a utility room. The top floor bedroom enjoys a large en suite. The first floor is home to four further bedrooms - one of which is en suite."
"HomeLink are delighted to offer to the market this four bedroom detached villa located within the popular area of Gartcosh, Glasgow. The accommodation, sitting on a prime corner plot, comprises on the lower level; reception hallway, spacious lounge with feature fireplace and French doors lea (cont.)"
"***HD PROFESSIONAL VIDEO AVAILABLE*** Keys Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market, this rarely available modern detached villa, set within the popular and much sought after address of M..."
"With 3 bedrooms, the Baxter is a wonderfully comfortable home for professional couples and families."
"A well presented four bedroom, extended semi detached villa, set within this sought after and popular residential development."
Magnificent apartment on the 5th floor offering extremely spacious and luxurious living with the added attraction of superb open outlook over the river Clyde and commanding spectacular views over the Glasgow City skyline from windows and South facing balcony. The apartment is set within this high...
"A bright and well presented semi detached villa located within this sought after residential pocket of Newton Mearns, yet only a short walk to local shops at the Broom and nearby transport links on Mearns Road."
"Located in the highly sought-after area of Clarkston in East Renfrewshire, this well-presented semi-detached property situated on Greenholm Avenue offers a fantastic opportunity for those seeking a home in a great location. In need of some modernisation, this property is the perfect canvas for th..."
"The Fyvie is a spacious and airy three bedroom home. It offers a luxurious family accommodation with energy efficient; PV solar panels at an affordable price tag.The ground floor boasts an open plan kitchen/dining area with French doors, perfect for entertaining as it not only brightens the room ..."
"A brand new home with 3 bedrooms and thoughtful touches throughout, enjoy more as standard such as integrated appliances, fitted wardrobes and stylish bathrooms with Porcelanosa tiling and chrome towel warmers. Have a house to sell? Ask about Cala's popular Part Exchange service."
"A brand new two bed apartment by Cala Homes. The open plan kitchen and living area is bathed in light with a patio door to your walk-on balcony bringing the outdoors in. Complete with allocated parking, integrated appliances and secure video entry system."
Showhome now open. Design-led living in this home features OPEN PLAN living with EXCLUSIVE KITCHEN DESIGNS and BI-FOLD doors. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM.
Superb ground floor garden apartment in the popular area of Clarkston within walking distance to local amenities.
"A traditional red sandstone Ground Floor Flat which has been tastefully upgraded to provide modern, fresh accommodation throughout."
"Located in the popular area of Crookston, this charming two-bedroom semi-detached property situated on Markdow Avenue offers fantastic family living. On the ground floor, the living room is cosy and well maintained, providing the perfect space to relax and unwind. The kitchen diner has a moder..."
This wonderfully trendy upper duplex conversion in the picturesque conservation village of Eaglesham boats generous living space and exceptional garden grounds. Sitting within one of the best addresses within the village this home enjoys open outlooks over The Orry Park and Woodland area.
"Located in the much admired and sought after Roman Court in the heart of Bearsden, this is an excellent opportunity to acquire a well presented second floor apartment with generously proportioned accommodation with predominantly south facing views The accommodation comprises of a security ..."
"Positioned within a most preferred part of this highly popular local address this larger sized three bedroom semi detached villa has undergone substantial upgrading by the present owners and is sure to impress on viewing. Comprises, broad reception hall, front facing lounge, good sized dinin..."
"* Beautifully Presented, Spacious & Highly Sought After Four Bedroom Town House * Walk In Condition - Modern & Neutral Decor, Gas Heating & Double Glazing Throughout * Flexible Family Living Formed Over Three Floors - Viewings Essential * Spacious Lounge, Conservatory (cont.)"
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this rarely available three bedroom detached property in Balloch of Cumbernauld. Rarely available and spacious in layout throughout, this property would attract all types of buyers however would make a great family home. Downstairs you enter via ..."
"MQ Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this wonderful traditional tenement, ground floor flat in the ever popular and bustling Pollokshields area. The flat comprises of entrance hallway accessed via storm doors, spacious lounge, dining kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom and communa..."
Village Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this converted 4 bedroom detached villa situated in the much sought after area of Mollinsburn.Viewing is essential to fully appreciate the accommodation on offer on this spacious 4 bedroom detached villa. 
"The Ardbeg is a three-bedroom home designed for modern family living. Features of the Ardbeg include an entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, front-aspect lounge and a spacious open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading out to the rear garden. Bedroom one has its own en-suite facility."
Plot 126 is a stylish 3 bedroom mid-terraced family home set over 3 floors. With creative storage solutions throughout and top floor dedicated to the master ensuite. The Roxburgh is an ideal home for growing families.
"CHICAGO LARGE 3 BEDROOM FAMILY HOME. This stunning home offers large lounge, family dining kitchen with quality integrated appliances. family bathroom with vanity & shower, master bedroom with EN-SUITE. A further 2 good sized bedrooms, French doors to large private garden, monobloc driveway"
"This two bedroom semi detached property must be viewed to be appreciated its beauty, it is situated adjacent to Calderglen and offers spacious and flexible accommodation over two levels. It comprises on the ground level welcoming reception hallway, through to a bright and spacious lounge with Fre..."
"Located within a locally admired address, this well presented two bedroom semi-detached villa will appeal to the professional and family market alike. Comprises, broad reception hall with guest w.c, lounge/dining room with duel aspects, modern style fitted kitchen, two good sized doubl..."
"Rarely available, this deceptively spacious chalet style villa offers excellent potential to develop and or extend. The accommodation on offer is formed over two levels and comprises of entrance hallway with storage and staircase to upper level, spacious lounge, modern fitted kitchen w..."
"Benefitting from a secure allocated parking space, this spacious two-bedroom apartment is situated on the 2nd floor of the original Lancefield Quay warehouse building. Located on the edge of the River Clyde, our property offers south facing aspects over the river and beyond, from both the bright ..."
"With direct access to Bishopbriggs centre and main line rail link, this is an excellent opportunity to acquire a stunning and rarely available semi-detached bungalow offering on the level living and superb views towards the Campsie fells. This property is must view to avoid disappointment. T..."
"* Beautifully Presented And Spacious, Extended Four Bedroom Semi Detached Family Home * Walk In Condition - Modern & Neutral Decor, Gas Heating & Double Glazing Throughout * Spacious Family Lounge With Access To Large Screened Rear Porch * Tastefully Extended & Upgraded (cont.)"
"This is an exceptional first-floor two-bedroom apartment that sits in the small Ladywood Estate in the center of Milngavie. It is a short walk to the train station and the shops. The development is surrounded by impressive mature gardens, the kind of size that is rarely seen in modern developments."
"Building site with original planning consent for Eight Apartments and associated parking, situated right in the heart of Stepps village and bound by the park on two sides. All apartments ha..."
"Finished to a high standard throughout, this beautifully presented mid terraced villa offers excellent accommodation over two main levels. The property boasts 2 bedrooms with a further floored attic, making it perfect for a small family or someone looking for additional space. The ground floor..."
"Abode Estate Agency present this 'Immaculate', detached villa, in sought after location in Balloch, Cumbernauld. Lounge, dining room, kitchen, family bathroom, 3  bedrooms, en-suite, garage, patio & gardens. Viewing highly recommend. "
"Cleverly extended, four bedroom semi-detached villa enjoying an end of cul-de-sac position with Southerly aspects to the rear garden. Set in the sought-after locale of Lenzie the property is in walkin..."
"Built by Springfield Homes circa 2017, this beautifully presented three bedroom mid terraced villa is conveniently placed for all the local amenities in Uddingston. This lovely family home across two levels offers stylish and bright accommodation throughout.  Features include gas centra..."
"A tremendous 3 bedroomed main door flat set within a beautiful blonde sandstone building, exceptionally presented with stunning kitchen, an admirable ensuite shower room off the principle bedroom. EPC- C"
"Three bedroom open-plan MID-TERRACE home with designer kitchen, INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, BI-FOLD DOORS, downstairs WC, EN-SUITE to the main bedroom."
"The Hanbury is a modern chain free and energy efficient home that features a spacious open-plan kitchen, living, and dining area with integrated oven, hob/hood plus French doors to the rear garden and a cloakroom. Upstairs there are 2 double bedrooms and 1 single plus a modern family bathroom."
"Enjoy three-storey-living with The Skibo, a chain free and energy efficient home. This home features and open-plan living, kitchen and dining area with French doors opening to the rear garden. Upstairs features 3 spacious double bedrooms and an en suite to bedroom 1"
Top Floor Apartment | Great Condition | 2 Bedroom | Private South Facing Balcony | Modern Kitchen | Three-Piece Bathroom & Ensuite | Large Rooms | Secure Parking Space | Ideal Location Within Giffnock With Walking Distance Access to Amenities
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a three bedroom, semi detached villa, with expansive South-West facing garden."
Impressive Dickie built modern three bedroom flat in the ever popular Muirend locale. Early viewing is highly recommended to avoid disappointment.
"This lovely and bright, south facing apartment has aspects over Glasgow City Centre’s skyline from a wall of full height glass spanning the full length of the apartment. Occupying a 5th floor position within Fleming House, the loft style apartment has the significant advantages of an alloca..."
"Offered for sale in walk-in condition, this beautifully presented detached villa is set within a short cul-de-sac and has undergone substantial upgrading by the present owners. The home will ultimately appeal to the family market and with its light neutral tones and high standard of finish i..."
"The Blyth End 3-bedroom home features PRINCIPAL BEDROOM with EN-SUITE and BUILT-IN WARDROBE, space for HOME OFFICE, separate LOUNGE and more."
"The LOUNGE opens, through a separate lobby, into a beautifully designed KITCHEN and dining room with FRENCH DOORS that keep the room fresh and make OUTDOOR DINING an easy option."
"Built by Barratt Homes, within the desirable and sought-after pocket of Nerston is this stylish three-bedroom semi-detached villa with driveway. It is convenient for local schools, all local amenities and transport links."
**50% OF THE DEVELOPMENT RESERVED ** ** GROUND FLOOR ** A unique development of only 8 contemporary two and three bedroom apartments in the converted Stonelaw High School Annexe. The luxury sandstone conversion will retain original features from the school while contemporary interiors ...
"Three bedroom detached villa nestled on a good sized plot, with private rear garden and off street parking. Situated within a popular pocket of Stewartfield, early viewing is advised to avoid disappointment. The property comprises entrance porch with handy WC, through to a spacious lounge with fe..."
"This beautifully presented bungalow has been finished to a high standard with a quiet and welcoming feel to it, you will see for yourself it has been extended to create a generous space. This really is in move-in condition, with it's neutral colours flowing through the property and m..."
"Charming Three-Bedroom House with converted loft and separate annexe, in Desirable Location - Your Perfect Family Home!"
"An immaculate, one bedroom elevated ground floor flat with allocated parking, situated in a handsome blonde sandstone conversion in Hyndland."
"A lovely two bedroom, mid terrace family home with private gardens, located in the popular North Kelvinside district."
"Maintained and upgraded throughout to a very high standard is this three-bedroom detached villa, with conservatory, garage, multiple car driveway and many features listed. It is convenient for all local amenities, primary and secondary schools, sports and recreational facilities, and regular buses"
"PHASE 4 (1 PLOT REMAINING!) The Wren is a 3 bedroom semi detached home, the largest property type in the development, situated within the prestigious Broomfield Gardens Development. Providing spacious family accommodation over two levels, this property boasts a master bedroom en suite, downstairs..."
Located in a sought-after pocket of Mount Vernon lies this bright and spacious three-bedroom semi-detached villa. This wonderful home boasts generous living space over two levels and benefits from substantial garden grounds. 
Tastefully presented and generously appointed 3 bedroom first floor apartment enjoying a peaceful setting set amidst fabulously maintained landscaped communal grounds with the added benefit of a priva...
"The most significant and stylish Glasgow City Centre development of the past decade the chic, stylish and spacious ' Upper Bell Street' development offers a range of 1, 2 or 3 bedroom apartments providing high quality City living nested in a revived community. With the social, nightlife and foodi..."
"The City is a two-bedroom apartment with fantastic space, available on each of the six floors of Block A. Accommodation comprises of open plan living area and kitchen, two double sized bedrooms, ensuite and sleek modern bathroom. The City prices are from Â£233,000 within th..."
"Enhanced enormously by virtue of a full side extension, this attractive family home now offers a superb balance of family accommodation and is set within one of Giffnock's more popular residential pockets and sought-after school catchment zones."
"Upload Abode is delighted to present this expansive 4 bedroom first floor duplex flat. Set within the desirable surroundings of Cathcart and offering generous rooms, a flexible layout as well as traditional character and modern finish."
"A Superb 2 Bedroom, 3 Public Room Semi-Detached Villa With Downstairs WC, Floored And Lined Attic, Multicar Driveway, Large Breakfasting Island, French Doors Onto Well Maintained Private Rear Gardens, Viewing Advised. "
"Hoppers present this modern semi-detached villa, located in a quiet cul-de-sac close to local amenities and transport links. This tidy family home benefits from generous off-road parking, a garage, a conservatory, superb garden areas and its own pub!"
Newly refurbished three bedroom home.
An immaculately presented 'Dutch-style' semi-detached home; thoughtfully converted to deliver the perfect complement of family accommodation within this ever sought--after pocket of East Renfrewshire.
This property offers an exceptional opportunity to acquire a spacious and modern family home in a highly sought-after location. Don't miss out on this rare chance to own a property in Clarkston - contact us today to arrange a viewing!
"Well presented spacious four bedroom / two public room traditional duplex flat, set within reroofed building and located close to local amenities and services.
Well kept communal entrance hallway and stairwell. Spacious reception hall with ample storage and staircase to upper level. Generous bay..."
"This beautifully presented family home is located within the ever popular and sought-after Hallside Farm Development. The property has been beautifully decorated throughout and finished with a mixture of quality floor coverings. Features include gas central heating, double glazing, moder..."
"Solid, snazzy and self confident, much like our amazing City itself, this stunning corner flat is a masterclass of Victorian building heretige and is as great as Greater Glasgow gets. Exceptionally fabulous this super-luxe home of residential brilliance sets a high bar of top end urban living. Di..."
"**FIXED PRICE UNDER HOME REPORT VALUATION**A contemporary styled main door duplex apartment, designed with open plan living foremost in mind and benefitting from private gardens to the rear."
This Modern 2 bedroom Top Floor Flat was built in 2007 by Messers CALA homes and is in one of the quieter locations with benefit of attractive views from the lounge onto Cairnhill Wooods
"**UNDER OFFER By BELLUS PROPERTY**This extended two bedroom semi detached villa, occupies a fairly large plot within one of the most desirable and sought out addresses in Bishopbriggs.  The home has an extremely flexible and adaptable layout and is extremely well located for local amenities."
"""QUIET LOCATION CLOSE TO TRANSPORT AND AMENITIES WITH SPECTACULAR VIEWS"" A spectacular first-floor luxury apartment within locally admired Phillipshill sure to delight all who view. This exceptional flat enjoys the premier position within the building with panora..."
The property offers bright and spacious living apartments formed over one level. The flat itself comprises reception hall with access off to all main apartments and with convenient storage cupboard to side . Spacious lounge/dining room with French doors giving access to a fitted kitchen w...
"2 bedroom semi detached villa with converted attic room, set in the popular Stonedyke development of Bearsden. This well proportioned family home is formed over two levels with the internal accommodation comprising of; Reception hallway, leading to a large lounge open plan to the dining room ..."
"The Coull is a stylish three bedroom home perfect for young families or those taking their first step.
 
The ground floor features a generous sized lounge, as well as an open-plan kitchen/dining area with access to the back garden. 
 
There is also plenty of storage space and a WC.
 
Upstairs, th..."
Mad March Savings 3 fantastic offers from the builder to choose from Your New Home Mortgage free for 1 year Deposit Boost £10k cashback Homelink are delighted to offer this beautiful new development to the open market. These impressive three-bedroom homes are practical (cont.)
"A fantastic modern three bedroom Detached Bungalow with generous room dimensions and enclosed private gardens set within an extremely sought after and established locale. The property also has lounge/dining area, modern fitted kitchen and family wet room. Early viewing is advised."
"End terraced with driveway.The Blair plot 121 is a stylish 3 bedroom home, perfect for growing families."
"A well presented and extended three bedroom end terrace villa situated within this popular and established modern development, built by MacTaggart & Mickel, close to Mearns Cross."
"Set in a desirable pocket is this substantially extended 5-bedroom semi-detached villa. It is set on a large corner plot, has a garage and parking to rear and is convenient for all amenities, regular bus services and primary and secondary schools. "
"The Benbecula is the perfect chain free, energy efficient home which features a front-facing kitchen/breakfast area, plus spacious living room with French doors to the garden. The home features 1 double bedroom and 2 single - all sharing a contemporary family bathroom with quality Roca sanitaryware."
"The Blair plot 124 is a stylish 3 bedroom end-terraced home, perfect for growing families."
"An impressive own door, ground floor flat within a handsome blonde tenement, located in the heart of a thriving Southside community of the Pollockshields area. This substantial three bedroom flat is presented in immaculate condition and is sure to impress any discerning purchasers."
"There is a real shortage of new build properties in the local area, so we expect these contemporary three bedroom semi-detached villas on the edge of Croy village to be popular! Presented to the market by award-winning local agent Kelvin Valley Properties, it is recommended that interested partie..."
"Just Launched - Situated on the fourth floor this two bedroom apartment enjoys open-plan living/kitchen/dining, family bathroom, principal en suite and separate utility area."
"Set within a short cul-de-sac setting and surrounded by homes of similar quality, this professionally extended detached villa is ideal for the growing family market. Comprises, entrance vestibule, reception hall, front facing lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen and bedroom four/Tv roo..."
"A charming traditional mid terraced villa located within a convenient and sought-after locale. Internally presented in walk-in condition extending to hall, lounge with log burner, modern kitchen, double bedroom, small single bedroom/study, wet room. Gas CH. D/Glazing. Gardens."
"***HD VIDEO AVAILABLE*** Keys Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market, this rarely available, modern semi-detached villa, set within the popular and much sought after address of Leggatst..."
"*****FANTASTIC FIXED PRICE £225000 - £10,000 UNDER HOME REPORT VALUE***** * Very Well Presented, Bright & Spacious Three Bedroom Semi Detached Home * Modern & Neutral Decor As Well As Gas Central Heating & Double Glazing Throughout * Spacious Rear Facing Lounge Din (cont.)"
"Discreetly positioned at the head of a small cul-de-sac, a fabulous modern 3 bedroomed detached villa with driveway and a particularly large garden from which there are tremendous views across the city. EPC – D"
"A truly stunning, traditional built upper conversion in Berelands Place Rutherglen. Presented in true walk-in condition combining a plethora of traditional and modern features. Sure to attract couples and families alike, internal viewing is imperative."
Simply stunning Detached Villa commanding an envious position within a sought after cul de sac within Moodiesburn. This property has been presented to an exacting standard with high quality fixtures and fittings throughout which simply has the wow factor.
"Set in a highly desirable pocket close the ""James Hamilton Heritage Loch"" is this extended 4-bedroom semi-detached villa with 3 car driveway. It is convenient for East Kilbride Train Station, Village, Kingsgate Retail Park, primary and secondary, schools and sports and recreational facilities."
"Located within a sought-after location in Glasgow’s city centre, we are delighted to present this rarely available spacious two bedroomed flat in Dunlop Street."
"A most charming traditional four apartment terraced cottage with rear driveway and private enclosed child safe garden. The accommodation comprises reception hallway, attractive lounge with wood burning strove which leads directly into a lovely modern bright kitchen with feature skylight windows, ..."
"***Prime West End Location***MQ Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this seldom available, first floor, freshly decorated, traditional tenement flat in Glasgow's west end, just off the city centre. The property comprises of a welcoming entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen, two doub..."
"Rarely to grace the open market within this most sought after local address, this spacious three bedroom semi-detached villa will ultimately appeal to the family market. The home is offered for sale in walk-in condition and benefits’ from traditionally sized accommodation through..."
"Allen & Harris are delighted to offer to the market this extremely rare 4 bedroom extended semi detached villa located with the popular area of Kelvindale, Glasgow. This property would ideally suit younger and older families alike and early viewing is highly recommended to avoid any disappointment."
"The Halston End is an ideal home, designed for maximum practicality and convenience; the kitchen shares the ground floor with a living-dining room where french doors opening to the garden fill the interior with fresh, natural light. Sharing the ground floor is the handy downstairs WC. Upstairs, t..."
"A truly stunning two bedroom modern first floor flat with generous balcony in an outstanding location in Yorkhill close to Byres Road, Finnieston and many amenities. The property is in stunning condition and offers true walk in condition and flexible, contemporary style living. The acc..."
"Just Launched - Situated on the third floor this two bedroom apartment enjoys open-plan living/kitchen/dining, family bathroom, principal en suite and separate utility area."
"The Blair plot 129 is a stylish 3 bedroom mid-terraced home, perfect for growing families."
"The Blair plot 127 is a stylish 3 bedroom mid-terraced home, perfect for growing families."
"*****FIXED PRICE £222500 - HOME REPORT VALUE £230,000***** ** Open 7 Days A Week *** * Home Report Available on Our Website Homeconnexions.co.uk * * Well Presented & Spacious, Four Bedroom Semi Detached Family Home * Double Storey Side Extension With Additional Si (cont.)"
* Beautifully Presented & Spacious Three Bedroom Semi Detached Family Home * Highly Sought After Stewartfield Locale - Viewings Essential * Seller in a Chain Free Position * Modern & Neutral Decor As Well As Gas Central Heating & Double Glazing * Spacious Front (cont.)
"This detached modern Semi-detached Bungalow is presented to the market in walk in condition on a commanding corner site. Comprising of - hall, lounge, dining room, modern fitted kitchen, 3 beds and modern bathroom. Gas c-h. D-glazing. Lovely Enclosed Gardens. Garage and driveway."
"Beautifully presented throughout, this notably spacious two bedroom semi detached home sits within a popular residential pocket of Newton Mearns and delivers notably bright and well-proportioned accommodation over two levels. Enhanced by virtue of a spacious conservatory to the rear, the accom..."
"Set within the sought-after East Renfrewshire school catchment pocket, this superb end-terraced family home has been professionally extended to now deliver an impressive five apartment compliment of accommodation."
"The Merchant is a generous two-bedroom apartment with excellent views towards the city centre, available on each of the six floors of Block A. The Merchant prices are from Â£220,000 with in this block. Accommodation comprises of open plan living area and kitchen, two double..."
"A stunning top floor (third) penthouse style apartment with private balcony, situated in a modern development with tree lined aspects to the rear and far reaching views over rooftops from the lounge a..."
"An impressive Semi Detached Villa offering accommodation which is deceptively spacious throughout. The accommodation comprises of ent hallway, lounge, kitchen,shower room, three bedrooms and bathroom. Early viewing advised."
"Rarely available to the market, this 3/4-bedroom, 5 apartment detached bungalow will delight a variety of buyers. The property boasts enclosed gardens to the rear; GCH & D/G. Early viewing is highly recommended."
"A modern semi-detached villa, enjoying a delightful situation within this popular residential development, close to the centre of Stepps and with a good degree of privacy to the rear garden, as it is ..."
"FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION THURSDAY 30TH MARCH 2023 AT 9.00AM. Residential development land circa 1470sqm, with planning permission for 8 two-bedroom flats with private parking. Potential for larger social housing complex, subject to permission. Prime south side location."
"There is a real shortage of new build properties in the local area, so we expect these contemporary three bedroom terraced houses on the edge of Croy village to be popular! Presented to the market by award-winning local agent Kelvin Valley Properties, it is recommended that interested parties mov..."
Offering spacious and flexible accommodation is this 3 bedroom elevated ground floor tenement flat which has recently had a new kitchen installed and offers a unique layout between the kitchen and lounge. Accommodation Communal entrance with audio security entry Entrance ves...
"Beautifully presented, extended, semi detached, three bedroom family home with stunning dining kitchen, large gardens and located in a sought after cul-de-sac residential location in Stepps."
A large 4 bedroom family home set in a sought after development in Hogganfield. 
Modern one bedroom flat with balcony in superb city centre location.
"* Beautiful, Bright & Spacious, Extended Four Bedroom Semi Detached Home * True Walk In Condition - Modern & Neutral Decor Throughout * Spacious Lounge, Large Kitchen With Dining Area, Separate Utility * Large Rear Sun Room & Four Spacious Bedrooms (Over Two Floors) "
"The Newmore is a three-bedroom home designed for modern family living. This home features an entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, front-aspect lounge and spacious open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading out to the rear garden. Bedroom one is en suite and there’s a family bathroom."
"Kirkland Estate Agents are proud to offer this fantastic 3 bed semi-detached villa in Ellismuir Park, Uddingston. Presented in true walk-in condition, this home provides comfortable family living over two levels. Early viewing is advised."
A truly incredible two-bedroom apartment located within the former Bothwell Primary School building of central Bothwell. This incredible home is presented to the market in excellent condition and offers luxury fittings and stylish interiors throughout.
"Just Launched - Situated on the second floor this two bedroom apartment enjoys open-plan living/kitchen/dining, family bathroom, principal en suite and separate utility area."
Plot 133:
"This spacious, two-bedroom flat is located on the first floor of a traditional tenement building and will appeal to a broad selection of buyers including young professionals, buy to let investors or parents looking for accommodation whilst their children at University. West End Park Street is..."
"STUNNING SHOW APARTMENT NOW OPEN! £99 Reservation fee. INCENTIVES AVAILABLE No deposit payable until end April 2023. Exclusive development of one and two bedroom energy-efficient apartments within CATHCART. EXTENSIVE communal landscaped areas, ALLOCATED PARKING to two bedroom apartments."
"Just Launched - Situated on the first floor this two bedroom apartment enjoys open-plan living/kitchen/dining, family bathroom, principal en suite and separate utility area."
"~Shared Ownership Option~ ''The Lennox'' is a spacious and modern two bedroom apartment, located on the second floor of the stunning new build extension at Moncrieff View. Featuring an open-plan living and dining room as well as a stylish fully-fitted kitchen and a master bedroom with en-suite sh..."
Large end of terrace house Three bedrooms and floored attic space Well proportioned rooms Log burner and nice views Large level garden plot with driveway/parking Downstairs shower room and WC
The 2 bedroom Andrew is a perfect home for first-time buyers with its well-proportioned interior.
"****CLOSING DATE SET FOR NOON ON MONDAY THE 3RD OF APRIL, LAST OPPORTUNITY TO VIEW!**** Situated close to the Dumbreck Nature Reserve in Kilsyth, the bungalows rarely come up for sale, this extended 3 bedroom semi-detached bungalow is substantially larger than most. As well as boasting 3 bedr..."
"This is an excellent opportunity to acquire a superb extended semi-detached villa with well proportioned living accommodation. The accommodation comprises a hallway, lounge, dining area, spacious kitchen with access to the rear garden and a modern bathroom then completes the downstairs accommodat..."
"***PLEASE SEE OUR PROFESSIONAL HD VIDEO*** Immediate internal viewing is of paramount importance to fully appreciate the truly outstanding family accommodation on offer with this stunning, professionally converted semi-detached villa that is located within this highly desirable locale ..."
"There is a real shortage of new build properties in the local area, so we expect these contemporary three bedroom terraced houses on the edge of Croy village to be popular! Presented to the market by award-winning local agent Kelvin Valley Properties, it is recommended that interested parties mo..."
"MQ Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this spacious and modern, semi-detached family home in the great Parklands residential estate in Glasgow's south side. The property enjoys open outlooks to the front and rear of the property and comprises of a lounge area, dining kitchen, c..."
"A beautifully presented, one bedroom apartment in one of Hyndland's most popular locations."
With breathtaking open views from your own private roof terrace this stunning 2 level apartment is filled with light. In the best position in the development with broad aspects to the West this is a really exceptional City property. At the very heart of Glasgow's International Financial Services...
"New. Excellent two bedroom apartment, GCH, DG, en-suite shower and private terrace in the very heart of the West End."
"Setting a high bar, and then sailing right over, this is a very stylish light filled 2 bedroom apartment with large windows and a broad balcony. With a brand new kitchen, bright, fresh and good to go the property is in an amazingly central location and has a flexible floor plate. Providing a col..."
**SECOND FLOOR ** A unique development of only 8 contemporary two and three bedroom apartments in the converted Stonelaw High School Annexe. The luxury sandstone conversion will retain original features from the school while contemporary interiors and fixtures and fittings provide all the c...
"Beautifully presented and well-appointed three bedroom Barratt built semi-detached villa, enjoying an end position within this new development. Situated on the outskirts of Kirkintilloch close to Gar..."
"Immaculate traditional red sandstone first floor flat set in extremely popular spot within Anniesland and conveniently placed for West End, transport links, easy access to motorway networks, Clyde tunnel, West End, shopping, acclaimed restaurants & bars, and retail park with a superb range of pop..."
"*CLOSING DATE FRIDAY 7TH APRIL @ 12 NOON* Overall, this stunning property offers a unique opportunity to live in a highly desirable area of Barhead, boasting beautiful décor, generous living spaces, and excellent potential for extension. Don't miss out on the chance to make this house you..."
"The Blyth Mid - 3-bedroom home features PRINCIPAL BEDROOM with EN-SUITE and BUILT-IN WARDROBE, space for HOME OFFICE, separate LOUNGE and more."
A lovely semi detached house set within generous garden grounds.
This is an immaculately and tastefully presented two bedroom flat occupying a preferred first floor position within an elegant red sandstone tenement building constructed circa 1900. The property enjoys a superb outlook along Crow Road in both directions and over to Broomhill Cross. Internally th...
"A simply beautiful presented penthouse- enormous in size, is light and bright three-bedroom apartment also has private terraces and a secure underground parking space. Well presented, the subjects are close to the new Barclay's Warf Campus -the most high profile commercial development ..."
Tenanted 2 bedroom buy-to-let investment located in the centre of Glasgow. This property is in the Garnethill area of Glasgow and has a Home Report value of £220K. 
"FIND YOUR BEAUTIFUL HOME HERE! Exclusive development set within a much sought after locale. 2 bedroom semi detached home is generous in size. Lounge, dining kitchen, quality integrated appliances, 2 double bedrooms, bathroom with vanity, bath with shower, WC, MONOBLOC driveway, PRIVATE GARDENS"
"The Halston Mid is an ideal home, designed for maximum practicality and convenience; the kitchen shares the ground floor with a living-dining room where french doors opening to the garden fill the interior with fresh, natural light. Sharing the ground floor is the handy downstairs WC. Upstairs, t..."
"** Timed Online Auction - 06 April 2023 ** Stunning 2 bedroom, top floor, executive property with large balcony and underground parking located in desirable development of luxury apartments within the affluent suburb of Giffnock.."
"This imposing, characterful and rarely available semi-detached sandstone villa is set within a large and private plot situated on a private road and is conveniently placed for the amenities of Cambuslang. Internally, the home has retained the character and charm of the property's origina..."
"A highly sought after top floor two-bedroom flat with private underground parking, in the highly desirable Kelvinside district."
"Buy-to-Let Opportunity | Long Term Tenant Currently Situated | 4 Bedroom Town House | Private Driveway & Garage | Rear Garden Space | Bathroom, Shower Room & WC | Prime Glasgow City Location"
"Rarely available, larger style four bedroom mid terrace villa occupying a prime position within a quiet pocket of Merrylee. Agents highly advise early internal viewings to fully appreciate the size and quality of accommodation available."
Fantastic two bed city centre apartment
Harbor Property proudly present this beautifully presented top floor two-bedroom apartment. The property is well placed for local amenities with easy access to the city centre. Excellent opportunity for first time buyers and property investors alike.
"Beautifully presented semi detached villa situated within in a much sought after and central location. The property is found in good order throughout and offers flexible family accommodation over two levels. The accommodation comprises welcoming reception hallway, beautifully presented bay window..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this two bedroom apartment, located within easy reach of Glasgow City Centre, Byres Road, Glasgow University and numerous West End amenities. Early viewing highly recommended. Entering the property via security access there is a lift, the hallwa..."
"A beautiful home within a prime location in the heart of Shawlands. This ground floor flat has been extensively refurbished throughout and boasts an impressive private garden to the front of the property. The property is centrally sited, within easy reach of Queens Park and a host of Shawlands am..."
"Sitting in a peaceful cul-de-sac in the sought after area in Glasgow, Newford Grove offers a wonderful level of luxury and comfort within its walls and sits just a stone's throw from the bustling High Street of Clarkston"
"New to the market is this spacious 3 bedroom semi-detached property in a sought after Earls Seat development within Lennoxtown. Positioned within a large corner plot with impressive gardens and conveniently close to the children play area, this modern family home is presented in immaculate condi..."
"Ross Sales & Lettings are delighted to bring to the market this gorgeous 2nd floor larger style apartment that is set in the popular Glasgow Harbour development. This stylish home is certain to appeal to young professionals looking for Riverside living, on the doorstep of all local amenities (cont.)"
"Immaculately presented three-bedroom semi-detached villa with fully floored attic. Which has been upgraded and modernised to a very high standard is sure to impress. The property comprises of, entrance vestibule, well-proportioned lounge, additional family room suitable for a variety..."
"This modern and comfortably proportioned three/four-bedroomed semi-detached villa is set within a desirable location within Calderbraes. The property has a quality, stylish, modern, fitted kitchen with a range of integrated appliances, fresh decor and quality floor coverings throughout. ..."
"Enjoying an enviable position within the ever-popular Heather Gardens, this lovely three-bedroom semi-detached villa. This property was constructed in 2005 by Turnberry Homes."
A unique first floor apartment enjoying a lovely village location.
"The District layout is an ideal two-bedroom apartment for city-living, with views to both the north and south and is available on each of the six floors of Block A. The District prices are from Â£210,000 with in this block. Accommodation comprises of open plan living area a..."
"A Rarely Available 3 Bedroom Larger Style Terraced Villa With Gas Central Heating, PVC Double Glazing, Open Plan Integrated Kitchen Diner, Downstairs WC Bathroom, Excellent Gardens, Viewing Advised. "
A spacious and bright garden apartment set within a popular secluded private residential development.
"****HD VIDEO AVAILABLE****Keys Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this modern semi detached villa, built by Bellway Homes, and nestled in the cul-de-sac setting of Rigby Gardens. The..."
"Situated in quiet cul-de-sac in popular modern development a superbly maintained and upgraded mid terrace villa. The property is entered via entrance vestibule with good storage off, fabulous lounge with space for dining, leading to quality re-fitted kitchen with integrated appliances. Access to..."
"Tucked away down a leafy enclave, minutes from the West of Scotland Science Park, this three-bedroom mid terrace villa was constructed by Messrs Dickie and Moore Ltd circa 2005. Situated in the Killermont area, the property is well placed for easy access to the West End, Bearsden and Milngavie, a..."
"A wonderfully bright and immaculately presented two bedroom period apartment occupying a commanding second floor position within a blonde sandstone building. This superb property boasts generous room proportions, a wonderful open outlook down Maybank Street towards the park, and a plethora of per..."
"An utterly charming, 4 apartment, stone fronted mid terraced villa, set within lovely landscaped gardens in the much sought-after Bankhead district of Rutherglen. EPC – D"
" What could be more convenient than having the world on your doorstep and this 3 bedroom, 2 bathroom, traditional flat delivers that and more. Running North to Glasgow's heart in George Square, Queen Street has a rich and varied architectural heritage. With its origins in the late 17th centu..."
"***HD VIDEO AVAILABLE*** Keys Estate Agents are proud to present to the market, this rarely available professionally extended semi-detached villa, built by Henry Boot, nestled in the much sought after..."
• Well-presented two bedroomed semi-villa by John Lawrence • Popular location in Bearsden’s sought after Burnbrae district • Open plan living/dining arrangement • Mosshead Primary/Bearsden Academy catchment • Level rear garden – great for c...
"Presented to the market in the Frankfield Loch development by Taylor Wimpey, an immaculate, three bedroom, semi-detached villa set amidst beautifully landscaped gardens. The home affords a peaceful position within this highly sought after development and offers bright and well-proportioned roo..."
"This spacious corner set, two-bedroom apartment offers aspects north, south, and west from the dual aspect living room and generous bedrooms. Situated on the seventh floor, the apartment spans circa 910 sq ft and is incredibly well placed, being located on the edge of Glasgow’s City Centre ..."
"In a city that's always on the move this outstanding duplex flat in the city's finest setting is a great place to slow down and contemplate the hubbub below from your stylish, voluminous, West facing apartment in the Merchant City's most gorgeous and significantly pre-eminent development. Facing ..."
"Zone Group are delighted to welcome to the market, this two bedroom, 8th floor apartment with allocated parking within The Bridge development on Argyle Street, only minutes walk from Central Station."
"The beautiful Balmoral two bedroom home offers luxury with an affordable price tag, making it a superb first home, or the perfect purchase for savvy downsizers. The ground floor features a stylish and comfortably sized lounge, a contemporary, light and airy kitchen/dining area boasting French doo..."
****UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON THE MARKET**** MQ Estate Agents have great pleasure in introducing Armour Court to the market. The property has been refurbished throughout to an exceptional standard and is in complete walk in condition. The property is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac and has open outlo...
"Deceptively spacious, mid terrace villa, set in a popular residential area within easy reach of schooling, Clober Golf Club and the town centre. Offering a spacious and flexible internal la..."
"Ideally situated in the heart of Broomhill close to shops, transport and all the amenities this desirable residential area has to offer. This stunning one bedroom second floor flat is in true walk in condition having undergone a comprehensive refurbishment programme to an exceptional standard, wh..."
"Located in one of Knightswood's most favoured Crescents, close to Knightswood Golf Course and park. This home boasts a stunning rear garden offering potential for extending. A well presented, two bedroom semi detached home enjoying a superb , southerly aspect. This property also benefi..."
"Jane Buchan, Keller Williams is delighted to bring to the market this immaculate condition, Semi-Detached Bungalow, in the sought after Drumsagard Village area of Cambuslang."
"A Rarely Available Larger Style 3 Bedroom Semi-Detached Villa With Conservatory Extension To Rear, Open Plan Dining Kitchen, Modern Bathroom With Shower, Good Size Driveway And Gardens, Viewing Advised."
"This 2 bedroom home is of a style rarely available within this popular development and provides accommodation which is in move-in condition throughout. Accommodation Reception hall WC/Cloak room with two piece suite The impressive, south facing, open plan lounge and re-f..."
" Offers over £200,000 per acre. Horsehill strategic land of approx 1.9 acres with potential for a service station 0.2 miles from junction 3 of the M80 (Stepps). This land is only available subject to a developer securing planning consent for development. Arronhill Plantation: woodland of ..."
"Excellent three-bed mid-terraced, Immaculately presented, a very popular area close to Silverburn, Excellent Transport links"
"OPEN VIEWING THURSDAY 30/03 3PM - 5PM - DJ Alexander is delighted to welcome to the market this spacious two bedroom, first floor flat within a blonde sandstone tenement with views to Kibble Palace and Oran Mor."
* Beautifully Presented & Highly Sought After Three Bedroom Semi Detached Family Home * Rarely Available Property Within Location - Viewings Essential * Walk In Condition - Tastefully Decorated With Modern Tones * Spacious Front Lounge & Modern Kitchen With Space (cont.)
"An exceptional top floor tenement flat with two double sized bedrooms and dining sized kitchen. The current owners have undertaken extensive works to create a home of outstanding quality, a must for viewing in order to be appreciated. This blonde sandstone tenement building ..."
"A Rarely Available Externally Refurbished 2 Bedroom Lower Cottage Flat With Driveway And Good Size Gardens, Gas Central Heating, PVC Double Glazing, Modern High Gloss Kitchen, Excellent Storage, Viewing Advised."
Area of woodland in a rural yet accessible location close to Neilston on the outskirts of Glasgow. The woodland in Lot 1 extends to about 19.89 Ha (49.15 Acres).
"Beautifully presented semi-detached villa located within a highly popular area. The property has been upgraded and is tastefully decorated to a high standard throughout. The accommodation on offer extends to a welcoming reception hallway, impressive lounge with feature fireplace, good size cons..."
"Presenting this wonderful 2 bedroom, Semi Detached villa, built by Miller Homes which is brought to the market in turn key condition. Early inspection highly recommended. "
"An extensively modernised and exceptionally well presented two bedroom end terrace villa in a super corner plot with a large rear garden, close to many amenities and excellent transport links including main line train station at Westerton. The accommodation extends to: reception hallway, for..."
*CLOSING DATE THURSDAY 6/4/23 @ 12* Wonderful opportunity to acquire this truly outstanding three bedroom semi detached villa located within the ever popular Belvidiere Village. (Kier Homes) Offered to the market in walk in condition.
"Located within an attractive, leafy address in North Kelvinside, approximately 1 mile from Glasgow University - this impressive, rarely available main door two-bedroom apartment is within minutes walk of numerous West End amenities and would make a wonderful home for a young professional couple o..."
"An exceptionally spacious and well laid out larger style top floor two bedroom apartment at the heart of Woodlands close to the West end and City Centre, easy transport links and many independent shops, cafes, bars and restaurants. The property has been rented out successfully for years and would..."
"Well presented traditional, mid terrace residence within a popular district of Drumoyne. The accommodation extends to an entrance vestibule hallway, with access to a spacious living room, fitted kitchen and fourth bedroom with en-suite facilities. There is a generous front garden area with an ext..."
"Presenting to the market this lovely 3 bedroom Mid Terraced Villa, situated in the ever popular Clarkston area. Likely to appeal to many, this deceptively spacious 3 bedroom Mid Terraced Villa sits in a quiet location within Hillend Crescent. Early viewing highly recommended. "
In truly walk-in condition throughout this modern apartment exudes quality of finish from every angle. Tastefully upgraded throughout the many fine features are evidence of the care and attention to detail bestowed upon this property by the current owners. A top-notch property in an eternally pop...
"Offered to the market in fantastic condition throughout, is this good sized semi-detached villa, positioned within the heart of this highly successful development by Messrs Redrow Homes and offers outstanding accommodation for today's discerning family buyer. The property comprises entrance ..."
"Hello, are you looking for a great size, well presented & extended 3 bedroom detached family home, in the popular Priory Bridge estate in Blantyre? Would you be interested in a property that is available to move in as soon as possible, with great transport links near and located with (cont.)"
"Beautifully presented and rarely available two bedroom apartment sits on the preferred first floor of this popular modern development in Anniesland, and is presented to a high standard throughout. This property is offered to the market in walk-in condition and will suit a wide range of buyers due..."
"Welcome to what could be your next home! These brand new, stunning 3 bedroom properties boast superior specifications and are designed to provide you with the ultimate living experience."
"***REDUCED PRICE***A charming three bed bungalow, set within a small private cul-de-sac area of six properties. Accessed down a private lane with surrounding trees and bushes, this home is ideally suited for those looking to be close to the centre of town. The property requires some internal mode..."
"The Balmoral plot 122 is a stunning two bedroom mid-terraced home featuring handy storage, superb for first time buyers."
"Located in a sought after pocket of Mount Vernon is this spacious five apartment semi-detached villa which offers ideal accommodation for today's growing family buyer. The accommodation on offer extends to entrance hallway, bright lounge with open plan dining room, fitted kitchen, thr..."
"An immensely stylish, and flawlessly presented two bedroom tenement apartment delivering charm and character in abundance. Boasting a private wrap around garden in arguably one of central Shawlands most enviable addresses, the property offers double glazing windows, gas central heating, and an im..."
"Occupying a superb central position within a popular Shawlands address, this fantastic three bedroom apartment situated on the preferred first floor of a sandstone building. The specification includes gas central heating, double glazing and secure entry, and in full comprises; welcoming and broad..."
"Benefitting from an extremely convenient setting in the desirable Glasgow suburb of Milngavie, this well-appointed two bedroom mid-terraced villa offers bright, comfortable accommodation over two levels and the added advantage of enclosed private terrace and resident's off-street parking. Stra..."
"Offering stunning Southerly views over the River Clyde and beyond, this vast two-bedroom apartment offers versatile living space in a popular development and benefits from secure underground parking. Glasgow Harbour is an extremely popular development, particularly with young professionals and do..."
"This charming upper conversion delivers outstanding privacy, an off street parking space and chimney pot views of Strathbungo."
"Two Bed Omar Ikon (45x20) *NO PITCH FEES TO PAY UNTIL JANUARY 2025* The Omar Ikon whilst largely retaining the exterior styling and floor plan of its predecessor, benefits from a new contemporary colour scheme with vibrant accent colours.  To the exterior, long sl..."
"• Two bedroomed terraced house dating from circa 1742 • Part of conversion to a former farmhouse • Peaceful, leafy location with great garden space • Robust stone construction • Two bedrooms, lounge, kitchen, recently tiled shower room • Doug..."
"Wonderful residential location, this 2 bedroom semi-detached property will appeal to a number of buyers from those down sizing, first time buyers or a young couple. Presented to an exceptional standard throughout, early viewing is essential. Boasting garage, mon-blocked driveway, GCH & DG. EER - D"
This beautifully presented semi-detached villa is set within one of Uddingston's most sought after address's and is sure to appeal to a wide audience. The property offers bright and airy living space which is complemented with quality carpeting and flooring and features gas central hea...
"Putting the zing into amazing this unique 1 bed signature duplex apartment is filled with light from its near full height windows which allow maximum natural brightness to flood in. With a large private terrace, this incredibly seductive flat, in the Merchant City's cornerstone development provid..."
"Ideally located in the sought-after Netherlee address, this first floor flat offers magnificent views over the south side with local amenities and transport links within easy reach. Accessed via a secure entry and communal hall, the accommodation comprises; a large welcoming entrance hallway with..."
"Occupying an enviable position within this sought after West End pocket, this second floor flat offers easily maintained accommodation with flexible layout, however, it does require modernisation."
A truly spectacular top floor flat enjoying a prime corner position within a traditional blonde sandstone tenement building. This is an extremely spacious property with versatile accommodation which has retained much of its traditional character and charm. EPC - E
A larger style one bedroom flat set on the ground floor of a striking red sandstone tenement in Broomhill. 
"A rarely available, semi-detached villa conveniently located for a host of amenities and transport links. This fabulous family home comprises a welcoming reception hall, spacious lounge, newly fitted modern kitchen, fantastic conservatory, two double bedrooms, modern family bathroom and private..."
"Immaculately presented, semi-detached villa enjoying a fabulous position within this popular estate. The property is conveniently located for Bishopbriggs Academy and enjoys great road links to the central motorway network, Bishopbriggs train station is also nearby. EPC BAND - C"
"* Beautifully Presented & Highly Sought After Three Bedroom Semi Detached Family Home * Tastefully Decorated With Modern Tones & Walk In Condition Viewings Essential * Spacious Lounge & Semi Open Plan Dining Room, Modern Fitted Kitchen * Upgraded Shower Room, Thre (cont.)"
PHASE 3 - **(SOLD OUT) ** 'The Falcon' is a three bedroom end terraced house offering spacious family accommodation over two levels. Located within the prestigious Broomfield Gardens development this dwelling benefits from master en-suite & additional downstairs w/c.
"HD Video Walkthrough and 360 Tour Available. A wonderful and beautifully maintained modern three bedroom mid-terraced family home located within The Boulevard, a highly sought after modern residential development. This property offers spacious and flexible accommodation over three levels."
"Hello, are you looking for a great size, 3 bedroom, detached family home, very privately located in one of the most coveted pockets in Priory Bridge Blantyre? Would you be interested in a property that is available to move in as soon as possible, with great transport links near and locat (cont.)"
"***VIDEO AVAILABLE*** Keys Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market, this modern end-terraced villa set within the popular and much sought after address of Penicuik Lane, Carntyne. The p..."
"Rarely available in this desirable locale, Century 21 are delighted to present this 3 bed end terraced villa to the market. Offered in immaculate condition, this well appointed Persimmons built property requires early viewing. EER- Band B"
"D J Alexander are delighted to welcome to the market this traditional third floor, two bedroom property conveniently located at the heart of Glasgow's city centre."
"Clydebank Estate & Letting Agents proudly present to market this highly sought after, THREE bedroom, top floor flat within an extremely popular gated development. With open plan living space, en-suite bathroom, beautiful landscaped communal gardens and allocated parking, this property is sure to..."
"A stunning, fully refurbished tenement flat situated in the heart of Battlefield. This beautiful two bedroomed flat has undergone extensive renovation under the current owners and is a must for viewing in order to be appreciated. This blonde sandstone tenement building is ac..."
"Carol Ann & Narindar at Keller Williams are delighted to bring to the market this unique three bed family home close to the heart of Milngavie, overlooking Lennox Park this welcoming home will appeal to all."
"This beautifully presented and well proportioned End Terrace Villa has a generous-sized private enclosed garden and is conveniently placed for amenities and schooling, which is only a short drive away. Located within this popular Persimmon new build development, this lovely home is neutr..."
"**SOLD By Bellus Property**This beautiful two bedroom end terraced villa with fairly large plot has been rewired, replumbed and replastered recently. The current owners have fitted new skirting throughout, new internal doors and also new modern vertical radiators."
"This two-bedroom apartment is located on the 2nd floor of this fabulous development offering parking, lift access and secure entry. Internally, it has been well maintained and would suit a first-time buyer or savvy investor ls the development and looking for a great location between Finnieston an..."
An attractive semi-detached family home delivering an extremely well-ordered interior whilst capturing a striking outlook towards the 'Netherton Braes' to the front.
"SUITABLE FOR CASH BUYERS ONLY A most stunning and stylish modern apartment perched right by the River Clyde. This fabulous one bed flat is located on the desired upper ground floor position with generous open plan accommodation, allocated parking space plus private balcony giving strik..."
"A well-presented two-bedroom apartment situated on the highly sought-after, tree-lined Arundel Drive. It is close to a wide range of shops, bars and restaurants in Battlefield and Shawlands as well as excellent public transport links to the city centre. This second floor property comprises entra..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this rarely available three bedroom semi-detached property in the much sought after location of Darnley, Glasgow. Spacious in layout throughout you enter the welcoming hallway, the lounge is bright and leads into the fully fitted modern kitchen w..."
An exceptionally well presented two bedroom modern flat with private parking space in an outstanding location at Glasgow Harbour within easy striking distance of the West End and City Centre and easy transport links. The property is part of the Cala building and boasts open plan living space and...
"Wonderful opportunity to acquire this rarely available but often requested three bedroom modern detached villa located within the ever popular Craigievar Court, This Detached villa is set within a cul- de- sac setting and would appeal to young families."
"Larger style three bedroom semi-detached villa nestled within a popular pocket of East Mains, within close proximity of local primary and high schools, train station, transport links and local amenities. Ideal for first time buyers and families alike, early viewing is highly recommended. The prop..."
CLOSING DATE: Tues 28/3 @ 12pm. Maintained and upgraded throughout to a very high standard is this split level four bedroom semi-detached villa with multiple car driveway and many features listed. 
An immaculate First Floor luxury property in a highly sought after development with lift access and a private balcony boasting fine views over Lenzie golf course. Excellent public transport links. EER-B
"Enjoying the second floor position of a much admired red sandstone building, this bright, immediately impressive, and superbly spacious four-bedroom maisonette is immaculately presented in turnkey condition. Internally the property has been finished to a high standard and freshly decor..."
"A beautifully presented and exceptionally spacious one bedroom second floor flat in a highly sought after address in Woodlands close to the West End and City Centre. The apartment has been modernised throughout and would be perfect for a first time buyer, professional or couple looking for a mode..."
"Well-presented, spacious 4-apartment semi detached villa; located in the ever-popular locale of Pollok on the Southside of Glasgow. The property has been maintained to a high standard by the current vendor, it will delight all who view. GCH/DG. Early viewings are recommended."
"Forming part of this fabulous modern development is this delightful, second floor flat situated in a quiet pocket of Cathcart. The property is accessed via secure door entry system into a well-kept communal hallway and stairwell with lift access. The accommodation of the fla..."
A lovely end terrace villa set within private garden grounds.
"Truly stunning and immaculately presented modern mid terrace villa situated within a much sought after residential location. The property offers well laid out family accommodation over two levels, and offers many modern contemporary features. The accommodation in full comprises most w..."
"A beautifully appointed traditional sandstone semi-detached villa offering flexible and versatile living space formed over two levels, requiring a degree of upgrading. The property retains original period features whilst offering a modern way of living. "
"Located on Queen Margaret Drive, highly regarded as an extension to the ever popular Byres Road, this property is just a short walk from The Botanical Gardens. With an abundance of attractive amenities on the doorstep, from organic food shops to trendy bars and restaurants, this is fast becoming ..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this four bedroom detached family home within a prime cul-de-sac location, with a £20,000 discount against Home Report value. Early expressions of interest are recommended."
"Set within one of the South-side's most desired locations, 14 Halbert Street offers a unique opportunity to purchase one of the most beautifully presented second floor flats in the area. The apartment boasts the perfect combination of traditional style and luxury modern features and is uniqu..."
"A superb modern apartment occupying the second floor position and boasting private residents parking and a fantastic south facing riverside outlook in the heart of Newlands. Occupying a prime position within the enviable recently completed development by Barratt Homes, the property offers walk in..."
"This bright, comfortably proportioned and immaculately presented modern apartment occupies a prominent third floor position within the popular and convenient Glasgow Harbour Development. Internally the property offers well presented and generous accommodation with notable highlights including a f..."
"Delighted to bring to the market this two bedroom mid terrace home set in the ever popular
Allander Road. Property comprises; well manicured front entrance garden and porch, spacious living room with dining area to the rear, large newly fitted kitchen with floor and wall mounted units and door to..."
"This immaculate, two-bedroom flat is located a popular development on the banks of the River Clyde, and offers bright and spacious accommodation with secure underground parking and a balcony. From this position it is possible to gain quick access to all West End amenities including a number of ba..."
"Ideal for first-time buyers, downsizers or flat owners who are perhaps now looking for a garden, The Portree is an outstanding terraced home comprising a lounge, well-equipped kitchen with the bonus of direct access to the back garden, downstairs cloakroom, two spacious double bedrooms and bathroom."
"You'll love this family home - spacious rooms, modern decor, stunning kitchen (with dining/sittiing area), bright semi open plan living room, bath & shower options (2 WC's), all 3 bedrooms are double, patio door access to rear patio, detached garage, multi car driveway & open rear valley views."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this modern three bedroom semi detached villa which enjoys an enviable position . Offering versatile accommodation formed over two levels, the well designed accommodation comprises of an open plan lounge with feature staircase, kitchen, three bedrooms, downstairs..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this rarely available three bedroom semi-detached property in the sought after location of Blantyre. On entering the property you enter into the large lounge spacious in layout and neutrally decorated, the well-equipped kitchen is modern and full..."
"Located within the Metropole development and benefitting from secure underground parking, this bright and spacious two-bedroom flat occupies the top floor position and has a balcony overlooking the River Clyde. Dunlop Street is exceptionally well placed for quick access to all local amenities inc..."
"Set within a lovely quiet pocket just off Fenwick Road, this well-presented end terraced villa offers accommodation over two levels which should appeal to an array of buyer groups. Internally, the accommodation comprises; initial entrance porch, front facing living room with large bright picture ..."
"Located in a sought after and desirable residential cul-de-sac in Robroyston this is an excellent opportunity to acquire a beautifully presented and well maintained modern end-terrace villa. Offering direct access to the M80 motorway, supermarket shopping and the new Robroyston railway station, e..."
An attractive end terraced family home delivering well-ordered interior whilst capturing a striking outlook towards the 'Netherton Braes' to the front.
"Set within established level grounds in this sought-after residential pocket of Pollokshields, this substantial detached home has been professionally converted into four wonderful apartments. The apartment is on the upper level and boasts sizable accommodation and contemporary fixtures and fittin..."
"If you're looking for a comfortable and homely 3 bedroom semi detached house in Baillieston, then look no further! This property is perfect for families or couples who want a bit more space and a great location."
"***HD 360 VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE*** Keys Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market, this rarely available modern semi-detached villa, set within the popular and much sought after address o..."
"A superbly presented modern 3 bedroomed semi-detached villa in a highly desirable, quiet cul-de-sac within a small private development. The house is presented for sale in lovely condition and offers well balanced family accommodation over two levels. EPC – C"
"******************************** CLOSING DATE WEDNESDAY 5TH APRIL 2023 AT 12PM *******************************
A fabulous ground floor apartment formed within a previous Victorian townhouse. Presented to an exacting standard and comprising, shared com..."
"Well presented three bedroom semi detached villa offers fantastic family living close to local schools, community links and local amenities. The property is in good condition featuring modern neutral tones throughout and will impress all who view. The estate agents are advising early viewing to a..."
"Well presented Semi-Detached Home set in level gardens with garage at sought after address. Hall, two public rooms, two bedrooms, kitchen and bathroom plus loft space. Gch. Dg."
"Set within one of the South-side's most desired locations, 20 Arundel Drive offers a unique opportunity to purchase a beautifully presented top floor flat. The apartment boasts the perfect combination of traditional style and luxury modern features and is uniquely suited to purchasers seekin..."
NOW AT A FIXED PRICE!! Professionally extended mid terraced villa on a quiet and much sought after cul-de-sac contained crescent within a popular and rarely available pocket in Yoker that is just off Yokermill Road and a short distance to local railway station. The property compri...
"Well presented and wonderfully spacious two bedroom semi villa situated in a well established residential pocket of Lenzie, enjoying both rural and southerly aspects whilst being well placed for acces..."
************ FIXED PRICE FOR QUICK SALE! *************** Eighth floor modern flat within the popular River Heights development ideally situated on the riverside within easy walk of the city centre
"*READY TO MOVE INTO* This chain free, energy efficient apartment is the perfect first time buyer home. This home features an open-plan kitchen, dining and living area, plus 1 double bedroom with en suite, 1 single and a modern bathroom. Both the bathroom and en suite boast white sanitaryware "
"£500 Cashback for 12 months. Flooring throughout. Gloss kitchen upgrade . Fourth floor apartment.Plot 213 is our modern and spacious one bedroom fourth floor apartment. Featuring an open plan kitchen/living area and a smart built-in home office space, making working from home easier."
"£1,000 Cashback for 6 months. Flooring throughout. Gloss kitchen upgrade . .Plot 212 is our modern and spacious one bedroom third floor apartment. Featuring an open plan kitchen/living area and a smart built-in home office space, making working from home easier."
"This four-bedroom semi-detached villa with driveway and conservatory is very well maintained throughout. It is close to schools, sports and recreational facilities, regular bus services and convenient for the Town Centre, and Kingsgate Retail Park. "
A modern two bedroom flat by Westpoint Homes enjoying an excellent location within easy reach of the city centre and most convenient for public transport links including bus and rail service. A communal entrance with security door entry system and lift or stair access to this sixth fl...
"A charming, stone fronted main door upper quarter villa with a flexible 4 apartment layout, driveway & a private landscaped rear garden, enjoying a highly convenient location just a stone’s throw from the many & varied amenities upon Stonelaw Road. EPC – D"
"Situated within sought after Academy Park development built by Messrs Bett Homes an impressive 3rd floor apartment. The property comprises security entry system into welcoming reception hallway with good storage off, fabulous lounge with space for dining, dining sized fitted kitchen with Fre..."
"Modern build semi detached villa within quiet street which has multi car driveway, south facing gardens, modern kitchen, bathroom and en-suite. "
"Perfectly placed on an enviable position with open aspect to the front, this well presented and larger sized mid terrace villa will appeal to the family and professional market alike. Comprises, reception hallway with deep set storage cupboard, spacious front facing lounge with semi open pla..."
"A notably spacious mid terraced home set within the peaceful residential pocket of Waterfoot and delivering superbly re-configured accommodation to suit the needs of a growing family. Immediately welcoming upon entry and immaculately presented throughout, the accommodation comprises spacious d..."
"If you're looking for a comfortable and homely 3 bedroom semi detached house in Sandyhills, then look no further. This property is perfect for families or couples who want a bit more space and a great location."
"Spacious three bedroom semi-detached villa, enjoying a delightful position and situated within this established and sought after residential area close to schooling as well as to the local amenities including the tennis club. Properties within this locale always prove to be popular for..."
"Delightful two bedroom semi-detached villa, ideally placed in a quiet cul-de-sac with open aspects in front of the property and a lovely landscaped rear garden, driveway parking for at least two cars is available. The property has been fully modernised throughout and is stylishly presented with a..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to market this incredible two bedroom, first floor flat set within this popular development by Glasgow Green with secure private parking. Located moments from Glasgow Green, offering a great place to enjoy the outdoors along with the many events organised the..."
"Rarely available and enjoying a highly sought after location at the head of a quiet cul de sac and commanding a larger corner site, this two bedroom semi-detached villa requiring upgrading offers comfortable family accommodation within minutes walk from all local amenities. Accommodation com..."
"Beautifully presented ground floor apartment, nestling quietly in this sought-after residential pocket and boasting attractive views to the rear towards open countryside."
Fantastic three bed flat
An excellent opportunity to purchase an especially sizeable top floor flat enjoying attractive open outlooks and which is ideally positioned for easy access to a great variety of adjacent Bothwell amenities. This impressive flat enjoys the premier corner position within the block with...
"In a landmark Italianate building of 1880 by Boston and Caruthers, gloriously refurbished in 2014 to reinstate its, previously hidden, magnificence this spacious and immaculately refreshed 2 bedroom flat is perfectly set amidst the all delights of the Merchant City. Well presented to maximis..."
"Enjoying a prime position within this coveted pocketed of Stepps, this John Lawrence semi-detached villa is presented to the market in need of some modernisation throughout. The property is an excellent size and would make a fantastic family home. EPC BAND - C"
A stunning ground floor flat in the very heart of the Battlefield district offering stylish Southside living.
"Beautifully presented and upgraded, detached bungalow enjoying a delightful corner position within the much admired Red Deer Village development, just on the periphery of Stepps, yet well placed to th..."
"Conveniently located on the corner of Cleveden Place and Cleveden Road with exceptional elevated views, a spacious and well-presented, refurbished THREE bedroom, third / top floor apartment. Highfield Court on Cleveden Place, is an elevated block of flats surrounded by well-manicured grounds. The..."
"AMARCO Estates are delighted to offer to the market this two bedroom, two public, 2 bath + wc semi-detached home located within the popular area of Uddingston, Glasgow. This property has been professionaly extended would ideally suit a growing family. Early viewing is highly advised to..."
"A unique garden apartment boasts open plan kitchen, dining and living area complete with large feature bay window. There is ample storage throughout. Available to move in Feb 2023."
2 bedroom buy-to-let investment property in the heart of Glasgow with an 8% yield. 
