Summary
EXTENDED three bedroom semi detached home situated in a CONVENIENT LOCATION for DENMARK ROAD High School and the City Centre. Useful entrance porch leads you to the entrance hall. The living room is to the front of the property with oak doors leading to the dining room. From here there ...
A newly converted Grade II Listed building offering 14 one and two bedroom apartments that provide a perfect ready-made buy to let investment in Gloucester.
"A RARE OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE A SUBSTANTIAL 7 BEDROOM FAMILY HOME WITH 12 ACRES, SWIMMING POOL, SEPARATE 2 BED ANNEXE (WITH PLANNING GRANTED FOR A NEW 4 BED DWELLING), TRIPLE GARAGE AND LARGE GARDEN Main House: Entrance Porch, Reception Hall, Sitting Room, Office, Dining Room, Breakfast..."
"Proudly presented to you by Move Estate Agents: INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, development consisting of 9 x 1 bedroom & 3 x 2 bedroom newly refurbished apartments in two adjoining blocks. All of the properties are currently vacant pending completion. This block should deliver somewhere in the region of..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - BLOCK OF 11 APARTMENTS - CAR PARK- An opportunity to acquire the freehold of both 30 & 32 Parkend Road consisting of 9 self contained apartments, two bungalows, a car park and two garages."
"GRADE II LISTED SEVEN BEDROOM COUNTRY HOUSE with a DETACHED ANNEXE sitting within 4.28 ACRES OF GARDENS, PADDOCK and WOODLAND."
"A STYLISH AND SPACIOUS MODERN FAMILY HOME IN A UNIQUE LOCATION ON BRICKHAMPTON COURT GOLF COMPLEX, IDEALLY LOCATED FOR COMMUTING TO CHELTENHAM AND GLOUCESTER, WITH 5 BEDROOMS, GAMES ROOM, GYM, HOME OFFICE, STUDIO, LOVELY ENCLOSED GARDEN AND GATED DRIVEWAY Reception Hall, Kitchen/Breakfas..."
"A compact equestrian property located between Cheltenham and Gloucester. Set back from the lane behind an established boundary and tall gates, Little Woodfields is a superb equestrian smallholding that comprises 6.4 acres of fenced paddocks that includes a canter track, a 5 box stable barn (feed..."
"Hunters are delighted to offer this large imposing 7 bedroom semi detached period home, boosting much charm and character over 4 floors. There is an annexe to the lower ground floor level, providing further bedrooms/reception rooms, also there is an external staircase which leads to the first flo..."
"Standing in a quarter acre plot, this late Victorian detached house offers attractive and generously-proportioned accommodation and is presented in exceptional order having been extensively renovated by the present owners."
** Rarely Available Smallholding ** Four Bedroom Detached Bungalow with 8 Acres Of Agricultural Land ** Stables & Outbuildings ** Popular Village Location ** Spacious Accommodation Finished To A Superb Standard Throughout ** Call To View:
Elegance decadence and style best describe this spacious family residence which enjoys a generous size plot along with flexible living accommodation and an enclosed swimming pool.
A QUITE EXCEPTIONAL property on the higher slopes of Robinswood Hill being an architected designed BARN CONVERSION and self contained DETACHED ANNEX with gardens close to 1/2 acre. Number 34 is situated on the higher slopes of Robinswood Hill on Matson Lane with impressive views across the Sev...
"Built circa 1880 for a Harley Street specialist, KJT Residential are pleased to offer for sale this iconic home situated on sought after North Upton Lane, the property is in need of some cosmetic updating but offers huge scope for improvement and develpment, the property benefits from 6 double be..."
Stunning five-bedroom detached executive family home located in the exclusive  Staunton Hills development of high-quality properties built by Swan Homes in 2002 & enveloped by circa 11 acres of land jointly owned by the occupants.
"An exclusive and luxury development of just five brand new, 4 bedroom detached homes in the lovely Gloucestershire village of Churchdown by the innovative Remico properties."
"A beautifully presented detached family home, which is situated in a desirable no-through road and boasts an impressive five bedrooms and ample living space. This period property has been occupied by the current owners for over 35 years and has been extended and lovingly maintained whilst ke..."
"Situated on approx. 1/2 an acre, this stunning detached family home benefits from 360 degree gardens, a gated driveway, garage and parking for many cars. Internally the property benefits from high-end fixtures and fittings. Downstairs offers a stunning open plan kitchen-diner and famil..."
"Murdock & Wasley Estate Agents are delighted to welcome to the open market this 1920's extended and detached family home situated in a popular and sought after location. The property has been substantially extended and modernised by its current owners and now offers spacious, versatile and beauti..."
"Situated on the slopes of Robinswood Hill, this modern townhouse offers immaculately presented and generous family living over three storeys with ample parking, a lawned garden and superb views over Gloucester and beyond."
"This superbly presented 4-bedroom detached property has been recently extended and renovated to exacting detail to provide a family home of exceptional quality and offered to the market chain free. This family house has completely new plumbing and electrical systems, including datapoi..."
"This quaint semi-detached house is nestled amidst open countryside, boasting a peaceful and serene setting. This charming extended home features four inviting bedrooms and an impressive living space that spans across three floors, offering over 1,600 square feet of versatile accommodation. The ne..."
This truly stunning detached four bedroom home on the highly desirable Upton Close has undergone considerable improvement over the last few years and comes to the market for only the second time. A large driveway leads to the front door and into a spacious entrance hall. A dual aspect living ...
"A home of stunning quality and space in abundance. The flexible accommodation would suit those with extended families with the massively extended accommodation comprising of 5 bedrooms, 2 luxury en-suites and walk in wardrobes, a home office and breathtaking kitchen/diner/family space of over ..."
SUBSTANTIAL GEORGIAN GRADE 11 LISTED SIX BEDROOM FOUR RECEPTION ROOM SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY situated in an excellent position opposite Gloucester Park.
Gloucester's Dockside has had a transformation. The Trent is a 2-bedroom home available through shared ownership with Guinness Homes.
A NEARLY NEW detached FAMILY HOUSE of excellent and WELL PLANNED proportions together with a surprisingly large South backing rear garden. Leighton Close is a small cul de sac situated on this very popular and highly sought after development just 3 miles to the North of Gloucester. Good loca...
"One of Gloucester's FINEST detached CHALET HOMES in a lovely SOUGHT AFTER POSITION Kenilworth Avenue is one of Gloucester’s most popular treelined residential roads of highly individual properties and is set less than half a mile to the East of Gloucester City centre. The Hospital, Cath..."
"Simply Stunning!
Situated on a large plot and backing onto Brickhampton Golf Course, this is an amazing opportunity to purchase this sumptuous 4 double bedroom family home in this sought after location. The fantastic family home comprises - "
A TRULY SPECIAL EXTENDED DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS & TWO EN-SUITES! MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome for sale this fantastic opportunity to purchase this eye catching detached family home located on the ever popular Naas Lane. The accommodation...
"This spacious home is set just off Estcourt Road in Longlevens and so offers convenient access to the local shops, schools and amenities as well the city centre, the A40 and the M5."
"*** RARLEY AVAILABLE, GENEROUS SIZE, 4 BEDROOM DETACHED CHALET BUNGALOW, STUNNING REAR GARDEN *** This rarely available, 4 bedroom detached chalet bungalow situated on an expansive corner plot within Hucclecote, is now offered to the market for sale! The property has been extremely well maintaine..."
Paget cottage built in 1903 is a beautiful detached property sitting within a plot of over a third of an acre with planning permission passed for an architect designed new build to be built within the grounds.
"A smartly presented, dormer style bungalow, offering excellent accommodation finished to a high specification. Ty Coch is located within a private road, bordering open fields and having far reaching views across a large plot. It is certainly an attractive home providing excellent famil..."
"Situated towards the end of a residential cul-de-sac, this 5 bedroom detached ""David Wilson"" home offers attractively proportioned and generous accommodation but with scope for extension or alteration."
"This beautifully presented family home is situated in the desirable and popular location of Barnwood Avenue, Gloucester. This property has been a lovely family home and offers ample amounts of space for a new family to enjoy. Downstairs the property comprises of: Off road parking for several..."
A brand new 3 bedroom semi detached bungalow situated along this quiet no-through road.
"An exclusive development of just 2 semi detached NEW BUILD bungalows are offered for sale by the multi award winning local developer Cape Homes. No 1 Vizard Place has light and airy accommodation throughout and offers 3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS, 2 with ensuites, large sitting room and a stunning OPEN PLA..."
*** FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME ON A FANTASTIC PLOT ON LONGFORD LANE*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS offer for sale this exceptional size home with two separate driveways located in a highly desirable position. The accommodation has been in the current family for many year...
"Situated in an enviable position on Churchdown Village Green, is this stunning detached bungalow with versatile living accommodation; to include a recently converted mezzanine floor with far-reaching views over the Cotswolds, Cheltenham Spa and beyond. The spacious bungalow has been cl..."
"Situated on a sizeable plot, this property benefits from 360 degree gardens, a garage, an in and out driveway and gated entrance. Located on the edge of a quiet road on the outskirts of Churchdown Village, this property is positioned perfectly for those looking for close access to Cheltenham, Glo..."
An individual DETACHED BUNGALOW which has not just been renovated but COMPLETELY REBUILT in the current ownership over the last 2 years. Innsworth Lane is a very popular residential road of predominantly individual properties approximately 1 ¼ mile to the North East of Gloucester City ...
"Welcome to Brookthorpe Park, an Exclusively Private community of just thirteen 3-bedroom semi-detached and terraced homes and six 4-bedroom detached homes enviably perched on the edge of The Cotswolds in a leafy, village setting."
"SHOW HOME APPOINTMENTS NOW AVAILABLE! STAR BUY! £10,000 towards moving costs and carpets included!* Quality, Service and Value For Money – experience the ‘Cotswold Homes’ Difference’. All-inclusive specification. NO HIDDEN EXTRAS!"
"HOME 133, THE MAPLE II - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. The Maple is a spacious home with superior styling, which certainly gives it the wow-factor. Downs..."
"A spacious and rarely available, five double bedroom, family home which is located in the popular residential area of Barnwood. This property has generous living accommodation throughout with ample off-road parking and to the rear, a good sized and enclosed garden."
"Situated within the ever popular village location of Hempsted, this immaculately presented modern five bedroom detached family home is positioned on the newly built Newland Homes development. Boasting generous living accommodation throughout, off-road parking for multiple vehicles and stunning vi..."
"Four double bedroom family home, situated on Estcourt Road. On entry to the property you are welcomed by a large hallway that offers access to the utility room, downstairs cloakroom and integral double garage. This then leads to the 'heart of the home' living/kitchen/dining area, the ..."
AN EXCEPTIONAL FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED EXECUTIVE FAMILY HOME IN HIGHNAM WITH A BEAUTIFUL OPEN OUTLOOK! MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this truly special family home located in a quiet & popular position. Built in 2018 by Bellway homes the accommodation offer...
"EweMove Gloucester Exclusive - A magnificent detached home spanning over 2000 sqft on the popular Cotswold Chase development, overlooking the Cricket Ground. With 5 double bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, 2 receptions, a study and a double garage, this is one not to be missed. Call Now 24/7 to view!"
"Situated in a small close of homes in the popular village location of Maisemore is this four bedroom, detached family home which has been lovingly updated by the current owner. The property itself boasts ample living space to include a large welcoming entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen ..."
"A quite exceptional and RECENTLY EXTENDED and MODERNISED semi detached bungalow of surprisingly good proportions Number 17, over the last 6 years has been completely rebuilt, remodelled and significantly extended to offer unique and surprisingly good sized accommodation. Internally there are..."
"HOME 186, THE MAPLE II - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. OPEN PLAN KITCHEN WITH FAMILY/DINING AREA & BI-FOLD DOORS The Maple is a spacious 1790sqft hom..."
"Introducing The Weaver, a popular home comprising a detached double garage, a dual-aspect living room with french doors, open-plan kitchen/dining/family area with utility, two en-suites and a dressing area to bedroom 1. "
"This beautifully presented family home is situated in the popular and desirable location of Highnam, Gloucester. This property has recently been refurbished by the current owner and offers ample amounts of space. Being located a stones throw away from Highnam Primary School, this could be the per..."
"This one of a kind spacious and truly unique barn conversion is set within the village of Twigworth which benefits from a semi-rural position with the convenience of quick and easy access to Tewkesbury, Gloucester and Cheltenham. The Barn is bursting with character yet offers the facilities desir..."
"**** RARELY AVAILABLE, FIVE BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH DOUBLE GARAGE **** The Property Centre are delighted to offer ""For Sale"" this executive FIVE BEDROOM detached home in the ever popular city suburb of ABBEYMEAD. Within close proximity to local amenities, regular b..."
"**** EXECUTIVE 5 DOUBLE BEDROOMED 3 STOREY DETACHED PROPERTY, FANTASTIC TUCKED-AWAY LOCATION, PRIVATE ROAD ACCESS BACKING DIRECTLY ONTO ROBINSWOOD HILL COUNTRY PARK, BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT, 4 BATHROOMS, DETACHED GARAGE, VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! ****MICHAEL TUCK ESTATE AGENTS are abso..."
"Gloucestershire Property Online are thrilled to market this stunning four double bedroom executive detached home, positioned within the sought after 'Hunts Grove' development in Hardwicke. Constructed in 2020 by David Wilson Homes to 'The Chelworth' design, this property is immaculately presented..."
"Move Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this well presented, five bedroom detached home on this ever popular Cranham Gate in Hucclecote. Situated with a quiet Cul De Sac, the house offers open plan living for the modern family along with separate reception rooms for when needs..."
A large DETACHED FAMILY HOME built approximtaley 4 years ago in a BETTER THAN NEW CONDITION New Dawn View is a small cul de sac of properties that were built approximately 4 years ago situated just off the Stroud Road approximately 2 miles to the South of Gloucester City centre. Some of the a...
"A premium 5-bedroom detached family home, the Garrton offers plenty of space for day to day living as well as relaxing and entertaining"
"Murdock & Wasley Estate Agents are delighted to welcome to the open market this delightful four bedroom detached arts and crafts home built in 1938. Offering spacious accommodation with a wealth of character features, master bedroom with en-suite and enclosed mature garden, we feel this property ..."
"Gloucestershire Property Online are delighted to welcome to the market this immaculate executive five bedroom detached family home that is situated in a quiet no through road, on the ever popular Hunts Grove Development. In brief the property comprises of; entrance hall, spacious lounge,..."
"THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW ON A CORNER PLOT IN A EXCEPTIONAL LOCATION! We are delighted to welcome new to the open market this rarely available bungalow located on Harness Close, a sought after cul-de-sac in Hempsted. The accommodation offers generous living space & comprises of: En..."
"AN IMMACULATELY PRESENTED 4 BED FAMILY HOME WITH ENCLOSED PRIVATE GARDEN, DOUBLE GARAGE AND PARKING, JUST MINUTES FROM HUCCLECOTE GREEN CONSERVATION AREA AND WITHIN EASY COMMUTING DISTANCE OF CHELTENHAM AND GLOUCESTER Reception Hall, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Utility Room, Sitting Room, Di..."
*** A FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME LOCATED IN AN EXCEPTIONALLY POPULAR POSITION*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome NEW TO THE MARKET this eye catching family home tucked on Green Pippin close. The accommodation offers fantastic living space on both floors & early viewing...
"A Beautifully maintained and LARGE DETACHED house on this very popular development Gambier Parry Gardens, built in the mid 1980's by Bryant Homes, is one of the City's most popular small developments that is not only well positioned but also has beautifully matured. Gloucester City centre is ..."
PROPERTY HAS A VIDEO - Detached Home l 5 Double Bedrooms l 2 En-Suites l 2 Bathrooms l Cloakroom l Study l 16'4 Living Room l 25'9 (max) Kitchen/Dining Room l Utility l Multiple Vehicle Parking l Double Garage l Southerly Garden
"A beautifully presented and stylish, detached, executive property which is situated in a cul de sac on a quiet development of quality homes. This family home is well positioned for local amenities, transport links and schools and we would highly recommend a viewing to appreciate the accommodation..."
"HOME 187, THE ORCHARD II - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. Open-plan kitchen/dining area with bi-fold doors to rear garden. A spacious 1600sqft home with a..."
"CHAIN FREE! Gloucestershire Property Online are delighted to offer this 4 bedroom executive detached house located on the Bristol Road in Quedgeley. This stunning house has been refurbished throughout and comprises; Entrance hall, cloakroom, playroom/ study, lounge, dining room,..."
The property is located at the end of a long private drive off the Stroud Road in a small gated development with just four other properties. Ideally situated for Ribston Hall and The Crypt schools there is a double garage and the accommodation extends to over 160 sq metres (1700 sq ft) of living ...
"PLEASE QUOTE REF LH0563; A double fronted, 1920s detached home situated in an exclusive private devleopment of only 5 properties. Offering versatile living space, with two reception room, kitchen, seprate utility room on the ground floor with three double bedrooms, a family bathroom and separa..."
"Stunning detached period property situated on a small select development of just five properties with a double garage. The double glazed entrance doors gives access to the porch which leads to the 14ft hallway with stairs leading to the first floor, to the left you have a generous lounge..."
"This attractive period property is tucked away down a private drive with just 4 other houses. It's located off the Stroud Road in Gloucester, meaning it has great access to local schools (Ribston, Crypt & St Peter's) as well as the city centre, local shops and the M5."
"Offered for sale is this detached, four-bedroom family home which has been loved and extended by one careful owner from new. It is situated in a highly convenient location, approximately 3 miles from the city centre, with good local amenities, supermarkets, excellent schools close by, also within..."
"The Cottingham is a gorgeous 2-storey, 4-bedroom home with garage and additional parking. The kitchen/dining/family area, running the entire rear width of the house, with two windows and double doors leading out to a garden. There is also a separate utility room. The living room featur..."
Andrews are pleased to offer this immaculate four bedroom detached home to the market located in Longford.
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this recently built detached Taylor Wimpey home which is beautifully presented throughout, with various upgrades and a south facing rear garden. This deceptively spacious five bedroom family home is arranged over three floors and briefly consis..."
The Property Centre is delighted to offer for sale this very well presented four double bedroom executive detached home built by Westbury Homes to the Knightsbridge design. The property is situated in the sought after Green Farm development and is close to the Gloucester and Sharpness canal. 
"*** NO ONWARD CHAIN, STUNNING 5 BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE, SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION, OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINER *** Are you looking for the perfect family home? Look no further, this modern light and airy 5 bedroom detached house is now available for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN! This recently built home by..."
PROPERTY HAS A VIDEO: Extended Detached Bungalow l Sought After Churchdown Village l Three Bedrooms l 26' (max) Living Room l Kitchen (range style cooker) l 13'6 Utility l Multiple Vehicle Parking l Private Rear Garden
"The Knightley is a beautifully designed double fronted 4 bedroom detached family home. The well-thought-out 'L' shape of the ground floor means that both the living room and the kitchen/dining room provide direct access, though French doors, into the garden. The ground floor has t..."
"Situated on an exclusive development in a sought-after VILLAGE LOCATION on the outskirts of GLOUCESTER, the Goldsmith home benefits from a detached GARAGE, OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with UTILITY and dedicated dining room."
"The Philosopher boasts an open-plan kitchen/dining/family area with adjoining utility room and french doors to the rear garden, a dedicated study/home office, an en-suite to bedroom 1 and a detached single garage. "
"**** FIVE BEDROOM, MODERN, DETACHED HOUSE IN PROMINENT ABBEYMEAD LOCATION **** The Property Centre are delighted to offer ""For Sale"" this well-proportioned detached family home which is position in a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought after residential suburb of Abbeymead. <..."
"An exciting opportunity to purchase the last remaining property on this exclusive development site of just 13 homes. Beechwood House is a beautifully designed large modern three storey four bedroom home featuring an impressive second floor master bedroom with en-suite, dressing room and study and..."
"**MUST BE VIEWED** Situated in a cul de sac position in sought after Millfields Hucclecote, KJT Residential are pleased to offer for sale this substantial detached family home, the property benefits from 4 double bedrooms, 21ft living room, 21ft fitted kitchen/breakfast room, family bathroom and ..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to offer 'For Sale' this generous four bedroom detached home in the ever popular suburb of Hucclecote. Tucked away in a residential cul de sac with no through road, the property is within a short driving distance of local amenities and transport links to Glouces..."
"Surrounded by countryside and under 6 miles away from CHELTENHAM, The Goldsmith is a beautifully designed home which benefits from a detached GARAGE, OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with UTILITY and dedicated dining room. This home is BRAND NEW and CHAIN FREE. "
"A detached bungalow set in the sought after village of Upton St. Leonards. Property is situated at the end of a private driveway and has detached double garage making this a real must see. The accommodation comprises of entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility, cloakroom,..."
A well presented individually designed bungalow built in 1998 is offered with no onward chain and is nestled at the end of a private driveway.
Located in a popular position with little passing traffic this detached bungalow is well set back from the road and has good size front and rear gardens and could be extended subject to any required permissions and consents. The Property All the accommodation is accessed directly from the ce...
"Located just 15 minutes' drive from CHELTENHAM, The Camellia is a MODERN detached home with a detached GARAGE, plus a STUDY, an OPEN-PLAN kitchen dining area spanning the width of the property, with adjoining UTILITY and FRENCH DOORS, a separate front-facing lounge and EN-SUITE to bedroom 1"
"HOME 437, THE KNIGHTLEY - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. An impressive 1429 sqft 4-bed family home with a good-sized, front-facing living room with Frenc..."
"HOME 188, THE ASPEN - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. A modern take on a traditional design, this is a home you'll love coming home to. The front-facing ..."
"A FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME!! MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome to the open market this well presented, detached family home located on Estcourt close, a sought after small development within walking distance of the city centre. The accommodation offers generous living ..."
"A traditional 4-bedroom detached family homes, the Manford offers plenty of space for day to day living as well as relaxing and entertaining"
Substantial 1940's family home located in a sought-after Avenue in lovely Longford. Click the Youtube Tour. Large open-plan lounge diner. 148 foot garden with mini orchard. Perfectly located in a quiet no through road adjac...
*** AN IMMACULATELY KEPT FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH DOUBLE GARAGE & AMPLE PARKING*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome to the open market this beautifully kept detached property tucked away in a popular cul-de-sac in Abbeymead. The accommodation is perfe...
" A quite exceptional and substantial Victorian SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOUSE in a prominent and convenient position Sandhurst Road is a popular residential road situated just off Kingsholm Road less than half a mile to the north of Gloucester’s city centre. Excellent local shopping, some o..."
"A well presented and updated, detached period property which is located in the popular location of Barnwood Avenue, overlooking open fields. This four bedroom family home offers spacious accommodation throughout and benefits from a driveway, good sized rear garden and is close to local amenities ..."
"EweMove Gloucester Exclusive - A great extended detached home in Abbeymead, located within easy access to Upton St Leonards as well as the City. On a slightly larger corner plot, with 6 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 receptions, and a tandem garage, this is one not to be missed. Call Now 24/7 to view!"
"Rarely available open plan four bedroom family home located on within The Wheatridge East, Upton St. Leonards! The accommodation in brief for the ground floor comprises of; Entrance hall, living room, dining room, kitchen & w.c. On the top floor we have; four bedrooms and family bathroom. Fu..."
"This beautifully presented 4 bedroom detached home is ideally situated in a cul de sac position in Abbeymead. The current owners have created a family home for socialising, entertaining and versatile layout for those needing to work from home with two spaces being used for this purpose alre..."
Located in a sought after position stands this immaculately presented four bedroom family home which offers flexible living accommodation along with quality finishes throughout and there is a good size outside office/studio ideal for working from home.
** Four Bedroom Detached Family Home Situated In A Popular & Sought After Location with No Onward Chain. ** Enclosed Garden and Garage ** Open Plan Living Space & Conservatory ** Call To View:
A substantial 3/4 bedroom detached house with double garage offered for sale with no onward chain.
Situated within the heart of the popular residential area of Hempsted on the newly established Bellway development of Sandalwood Green. The Luthier is a four bedroom detached home benefitting from generous and flexible living accommodation aswell as a driveway and detached single garage. Viewing ...
"A traditional 4-bedroom detached family home, the Manford offers plenty of space for day to day living as well as relaxing and entertaining"
"Still searching your family home? Take a look at our stunning Burns, inclusive of a generous OPEN PLAN KITCHEN with FRENCH DOORS leading out to the rear GARDEN, plus a statement bay window to the lounge."
"A family home in the popular location of Barnwood with a fantastic 70ft South Facing Garden. With great access to local amenities, excellent schools and transport links. This Four-bedroomed detached home on a corner plot in a quiet spot could be the one for Ewe. Book a viewing Now with EweMove!"
FRENCH DOORS leading to GENEROUS rear GARDEN * feature bay window * UTILITY CUPBOARD * master with FITTED WARDROBES and EN SUITE * family bathroom with separate shower cubicle and bath * garage and driveway * 
"The Hatherleigh is an attractive four bedroom DETACHED home, with flexible OPEN PLAN living spaces for growing families. The ground floor includes a large lounge with FRENCH DOORS that lead to the garden. The kitchen/diner is sure to become the heart of your family home."
This is a FANTASTIC opportunity to purchase a 4 DOUBLE bedroom family home. The property is located in the semi rural location of Minsterworth and comes with a LARGE rear garden. This home has already been extended over the years but still offers lots of potential of extending (subject to the rel...
The property sits in 1/5 acre plot and is located at the end of a private cul-de-sac in Brockworth. It has the feel of a rural property but is within a few hundred metres of Tesco Extra. The home requires some modernisation but is in excellent order and it presents so many further possibilit...
"The Property Centre is delighted to offer for sale this well presented executive four bedroom detached house situated in the very sought after Daleswharf development, Hardwicke. The property is built by Robert Hitchins to the 'Frampton' design and being sold with no onward chain. The property is ..."
"This good sized detached home is situated in the popular location of Pinery Road, Barnwood. The property is near local bus routes and transport links into Gloucester City Centre. Downstairs the property offers: Entrance hallway, lounge, Conservatory, Kitchen, Utility, Dining room, Dow..."
"Stunning four bedroom, three story family home, offered to the market with no onward chain and situated on the ever popular Church Road in Longlevens. The property is beatufully presented throughout and offers a wealth of space for its new owners to enjoy. **REF**  LC0510
"
*** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM EXTENDED FAMILY HOME IN TUFFLEY*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS welcome to the market this beautifully presented property located in a quiet & popular cul-de-sac in Tuffley. The accommodation benefits from an extension to offer fu...
"Situated in the ever popular village location of Hempsted, this charming extended 1930's four bedroom semi-detached family home has much to offer. Boasting flexible living accommodation and annexe to the side created by the current owners, the property further benefits from front and rear lawns a..."
"Are you searching for a family home with stunning views across open countryside, but still with great access to local amenities, excellent schools and transport links? This beautifully presented four double-bedroom detached home tucked away on the outskirts of Coopers Edge offers just that!"
"New to the market is a spacious detached bungalow on a generous size corner plot, situated in a highly convenient location in Churchdown Village. The property briefly consists of a porch, cloakroom, large light and airy living room which opens up into a dining room, with patio doors ov..."
"**** IMPRESSIVE, DOUBLE FRONTED, FOUR BEDROOM MODERN DETACHED HOUSE IN PRIVATE GATED DEVELOPMENT IN HUCCLECOTE - CHAIN FREE **** The Property Centre are delighted to offer ""For Sale"" this very well appointed MODERN DETACHED family home in the always popular city suburb of Hu..."
"**** MODERN, FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE, IN PROMINENT BARNWOOD LOCATION WITH SUBSTANTIAL ENCLOSED GARDEN **** The Property Centre are delighted to offer ""For Sale"" this versatile and spacious four-bedroom detached family home. Occupying a fantastic plot and enjoying a subst..."
"A beautifully presented, modern, four bedroom detached family house situated in this quiet, sought-after residential area also within walking distance to local schools and ideally located for access to Cheltenham, Gloucester and the M5 motorway network. This loved home offers good living sp..."
"Privately positioned alongside woodland at the edge of the highly sought after Green Farm development quick viewing is highly advised. Offering four double bedrooms, en-suite to master, flexible reception space and exceptionally generous rear garden alongside off road parking and single garage. V..."
"This beautifully presented FOUR bedroom family home is on the exclusive development of just eight detached homes and has been owned from new by the current owners since the property was built in 1997. The layout of this home is fantastic for a growing family, benefitting SUN ROOM, separate ut..."
"Are you searching for a FOUR bedroom DETACHED home in ABBEYMEAD? This home is just right for a growing family, benefits include a STUDY/bedroom, ENSUITE TO MASTER , downstairs WC and SUNROOM, ample OFF road parking for four vehicles and DOUBLE GARAGE! Situated in a NO THROUGH ROAD."
A lovely semi detached FAMILY HOUSE which has recently benefitted from a SIGNIFICANT EXTENSION almost doubling it's size. Ennerdale Avenue is a very popular road off Park Avenue and Brooklands Park approximatley 1 1/2 miles to the East of the City centre. Good local shopping and schools are ...
"A substantial VICTORIAN semi detached house NEEDING COMPREHENSIVE UPDATING set in one of Gloucester's most popular residential area's Heathville Road is one of Gloucester's most popular and convenient residential roads just 1/4 mile to the East of the City centre. The Hospital, Cathedral and..."
"Substantial four bedroom detached family home new to our portfolio, situated in a beautiful Abbeymead cul de sac. This stunning family home is in one of Abbeymead’s most sought after locations. The property is also located within walking distance to local school, shops & green fields. The pr..."
"This beautiful 5 bedrooms detached family home is accessed via a private drive and has fantastic views over open fields to the front. Downstairs consists of a living room, study, kitchen/diner, utility and w.c. Upstairs boasts 5 bedrooms with en suite to master and a family bathroom. The property..."
"Brought to the market for the first time in over thirty years, is this well presented, three bedroom country cottage. With parts of the home dating back to the 17th century, this extended family home boasts a mixture of character features throughout alongside an enviable garden measuring approxi..."
"Gloucestershire Property Online are thrilled to market this delightful four bedroom detached home positioned on a sought-after road within Kingsway, Gloucester. Offered to the market for the first time since new, this family home still maintains its show home condition, with light and airy accomm..."
BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED! Gloucestershire Property Online are delighted to offer this stunning 3 bedroom semi detached house located on a popular road in Elmbridge. This stylish home has been extended recently to the rear creating 50 square metres of extra living space. The well p...
"YOPA are pleased to offer this MODERN FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOUSE with GARDEN, GARAGE & DRIVEWAY for sale. This modern and beautifully presented four bedroom detached family house is located in Bluebell Crescent within the sought after Brockworth area with good local facilities, all close at hand."
"HOME 94, THE LEVERTON II - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. Ideal for families, this 4 bed home enjoys a very large, dual aspect kitchen/dining area, separa..."
*** A STUNNING FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN ABBEYMEAD*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome to the market this beautifully presented detached property with a lovely open outlook to the front in a popular position in Abbeymead. The accommodation co...
"STUNNING KITCHEN/ FAMILY ROOM! Gloucestershire Property Online are delighted to offer this fantastic 4 bedroom detached house located in a select cul-de-sac in Quedgeley. This well presented property comprises; Entrance porch, WC, lounge with open fire, dining room, a beautiful ..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, this three bedroom bungalow benefits from a very generous sized garden, detached garage and plenty of potential to improve. Accommodation comprises four bedrooms, a kitchen-diner/ breakfast room, bathroom and sitting room. Locate..."
Detached Home l Foor Bedrooms l En-Suite l Re-Fitted Bathroom l Cloakroom l 18´4 Living Rm l Dining Rm l 14´7 Kitchen/Breakfast Rm l Utility l 14'4 Sun Room/Conservatory l Parking l 18'6 Garage l Westerly Facing Garden
"The Orchards is a unique development of nine, well-proportioned, detached, executive homes in the picturesque village of Minsterworth. The four, three-bedroom homes and five, four-bedroom homes have been thoughtfully designed and constructed using high-quality materials throughout. Built..."
The Property Centre is delighted to offer for sale this very well presented good sized executive four bedroom detached house built by Crest Nicholson. The property is approximately four and half years old and still has NHBC cover left. The property has open views to the front. The acco...
"Move Estate Agents are proud to bring to the market this beautiful ground floor Maisonette in ever popular Churchdown complete with its own private garden. Having been updated throughout by the current owner, we feel this property makes an ideal investment purchase, first time buy or a downsiz..."
The Property Centre are delighted to bring this four bedroom detached property to the market. Built by Bellway to the Wickford design this property is situated in the popular area of Hardwicke and is close to all local amenities. The downstairs accommodation comprises a spacious entra...
"The Property Centre is delighted to present to the market this beautifully presented three bedroom detached bungalow with separate garage located in the desirable area of Churchdown village. Accommodation comprises of a kitchen, lounge, conservatory, family bathroom, en-suite shower room and thre..."
"A beautifully presented 4 bedroom detached house in the sought after area of Highnam village. Gas central heating, double glazed throughout, garage and large block paved driveway with room for several cars."
"Positioned in the popular residential location of Hempsted. this detached four double bedroom family home is offered to the market. Boasting generous living accommodation, enclosed rear garden, allocated parking spaces and double garage, this property has much to offer growing families looking fo..."
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND E We are delighted to offer to the market this stunning 4-bedroom detached house on Thistlebank in Gloucester. The property presents a well-adapted layout, offering spacious and comfortable accommodation throughout, making it an ideal fa..."
"Substantial four-bedroom detached family home located in a sought-after cul-de-sac of Elmbridge within walking distance of Denmark Road and Thomas Rich's grammar schools and easy access to Cheltenham, Swindon, Oxford & Bristol."
"This is a wonderful four bedroom detached property set on a sizable plot on Barnwood Road, Gloucester. The property would make an ideal family home and comprises:- Entrance porch which leads into the living room/diner (this also has a very useful separate study area) there also a downstairs WC..."
" I am delighted to present to the market this fabulously well located family home, on the outer edge of the exceptionally popular Hunts Grove development. The home overlooks a play area and provides outstanding views towards the countryside and Cotswold Hills. The property offers family f..."
DETACHED BUNGALOW -THREE BEDROOMS -HIGH SPECIFICATION - CHAIN FREE - DISABLED ACCESS Located within a secluded and small development of just three detached bungalows is this modern detached bungalow built in 2022.
"HOME 26, THE JUNIPER - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. Outside, this house has all the character of a traditional home; inside it's everything a 21st Cen..."
"With 4 bedrooms, the Coltham is perfect for anyone looking for a home with space for the whole family."
"EXCEPTIONAL CONDITION THROUGHOUT - EXTENDED - SOUTH FACING GARDEN - GARAGE Located in Hardwicke, built by Crest Nicholson, this extended four bedroom family home is offered for sale in excellent decorative order. Offering a garage, parking and south facing garden, this property is a must view"
Move Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this stunning four bedroom house in ever popular Churchdown village. Offering flexible accommodation and finished to the very highest standards throughout this house is perfect for families looking to base themselves near the villages po...
"Located in GL3 with great links to Gloucester City Centre and the M5, This Three bedroom property offers buyers a unique and versatile accomodation over 120 square metres in size. The property must be seen inside to see the potential and appreciate the size of the plot and the property itself."
"Positioned in the peaceful cul-de-sac location of Hillcot Close in the heart of Quedgeley, this immaculately presented four bedroom detached family home is offered to the market with no onward chain. Further benefitting from flexible ground floor living accommodation, off-road parking and an encl..."
Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this exciting freehold investment opportunity to the market. Consisting of two shops and a five bedroom two story HMO. Being positioned right in the centre of the city and just a few minutes walk to Gloucester Quays this property is ideally located. The ...
** FIRST OPPORTUNITY TO VIEW - SATURDAY 1ST APRIL 2023 - BY APPOINTMENT ONLY ** Are you looking for a PERIOD FAMILY HOME in Churchdown Village where you can put your own stamp on it?? Requiring MODERNISATION and IMPROVEMENT and with SCOPE TO EXTEND (subject to the necessary consents) th...
"Located in the Perry Brook development with it's easy access to M5, Cheltenham and Gloucester is this nearly new 4 bedroom well presented ""Trusdale"" built by Taylor Wimpey. Growing families will feel right at home in the spacious home with its four bedrooms and practical grou..."
A gorgeous Four Bedroom Detached family home which is only a year old with views to Coopers Hill. Situated on the Perrybrook estate in a cul-de-sac. Offering great access to the motorway
"HOME 433, THE MYLNE - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. A 1136 sqft 4-bed family home which is ideal for entertaining, with a good-sized, front-facing living..."
"HOME 434, THE MYLNE - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. A 1136 sqft 4-bed family home which is ideal for entertaining, with a good-sized, front-facing living..."
"A great four bedroom detached Linden Homes ""Grainger"" situated in a cull de sac location with views over Brockworth Church to the rear. You walk through the front door to a spacious central hallway. Enter the living room at the front of the house, through feature double doors and ..."
"The Leverton is a stunning 4-bedroom double fronted home with a garage. Inside the spacious kitchen/dining/family area, stretches the entire length of the house. There is also a good-sized utility room that's accessible from the kitchen, with direct access to the garden. The living r..."
"HOME 25, THE JUNIPER - SAVE £15,000 UNTIL 7 APRIL 2023!! Outside, this house has all the character of a traditional home; inside it's everything a 21st Century property should be. Stylish. Modern. Well-appointed. Designed to make the most of every millimetre of living space and ever..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire a well presented period cottage occupying a rural position within the village of Hempsted. Occupying a generous plot, the property is approached via a driveway providing off road parking with an additional lawned area leading to the front door. The accommo..."
"PLEASE QUOTE REF DH0109; Daryl Hill powered by eXp is delighted to offer this stunning family home in the highly desirable and convenient suburb of Hempsted. The impressive home is set in a large plot with double garage and parking, and offers 4 generous bedrooms, with a particularly impressiv..."
"A 4 bedroom link detached family home being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN and situated in the ever popular OLDBURY ORCHARD in the heart of Churchdown Village. The accommodation consists of 4 bedrooms ( 2 doubles and 2 singles ) and shower room upstairs, whilst downstairs there is a good sized sittin..."
Four bedroom link detached family home in Abbeydale offering ample of space and ideally situated
"Situated just a 15 minutes' drive from CHELTENHAM and 10 minutes' drive from GLOUCESTER, the Scrivener benefits from a detached SINGLE GARAGE, an OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with UTILITY, separate lounge with BAY WINDOW, and EN-SUITE to bedroom 1. "
"This detached property is situated in the heart of Abbeymead. Abbeymead is a popular part of Gloucester, offering a range of shops, schools, parks and local amenities, as well as convenient access to both the M5 at Brockworth and Gloucester City centre. The ground floor comprises of En..."
"*Brand new & chain free home* The Scrivener features a detached single GARAGE, an OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with adjoining UTILITY, a separate living room, and EN-SUITE to the master bedroom. Ideally located just a 40 minute drive from BRISTOL, and 15 minutes from CHELTENHAM. "
"With a beautifully open plan kitchen/dining and family room complete with glass screen and double doors to the lounge, plenty of parking, a good size private rear garden and a large office/gym/studio space we would definitely encourage you to take a closer look at this beautifully presented bunga..."
"*** NO ONWARD CHAIN, EXCEPTIONALLY SIZED 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE, BEAUTIFUL SUNNY REAR GARDEN, GARAGE *** Michael Tuck Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this spacious and well maintained four bedroom detached family home, located in a sought after cul-de-sac and positioned on a great..."
"This is a fabulous, executive family home which is situated in the Cotswold Chase development offering substantial and well-presented accommodation throughout. The well-proportioned accommodation comprises four bedrooms (master en-suite) and family bathroom on the first floor. The ground floor of..."
"Located on the popular development of Hunts Grove, Hardwicke, is this immaculately presented four double bedroom, detached family home. With generous living accommodation throughout, a private and enclosed rear garden, single garage, and off-road parking for two vehicles, viewing is highly advise..."
"TG SALES & LETTINGS are delighted to welcome to the market, For Sale, this beautiful four-bedroom home built by David Wilson Homes. This property is located within the popular Hunts Grove development and is beautifully presented with views over parkland. Step inside the entrance hall, and you ..."
"STUNNING DETACHED HOME, SITUATED IN A POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION? GORGEOUS REAR ENCLOSED GARDENS. THERE IS THE OPTION TO EXTEND TO THE REAR SUBJECT TO THE NECESSARY CONSENT."
"SPACIOUS 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME - HUGE GARDEN & PLOT! What an opportunity to purchase this 4 bedroom, 3 reception home, located at the end of this quiet cul de sac. The property comprises - Entrance Hall - Double glazed door to side aspect. Stairs to first floor with understairs storage cupb..."
This is an exceptional example of a 3 bedroom detached family home. The property is located on a quiet road and tucked away behind double gates on a secluded plot. You are close to great primary and secondary schools along with being wihin close proximity to local amenities. Downstairs consists o...
"The Property Centre is delighted to offer for sale this good sized four bedroom detached house situated close to the Gloucester and Sharpness canal and is being sold with no onward chain. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen. utility room, cloakroom, ..."
This is a fantastic opportunity to buy a 4 bedroom detached property in the rural area of Rudford. The home is set on a great sized plot including a double garage and off road parking for multiple vehicles. The rear garden that is owned by the property stretches beyond the current fence boundary ...
"This detached house is situated in a pleasant cul-de-sac location on the outskirts of Borckworth. The well planned and well presented accommodation boasts an entrance hall, cloakroom, sitting room, separate dining room, kitchen, a good sized garden room, landing, four bedrooms including a 14'1 x ..."
"An extended four bedroom family home, offering spacious accommodation throughout situated in a very desirable location of Longford lane, Longlevens with an excellent array of nearby amenities including shops, doctors surgery, library and well respected schools. The property sits in a good size p..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to bring this stunning, four bedroom detached property to the market. Built by Bellway, this property is situated in the popular area of Hardwicke and is close to all local amenities. The downstairs accommodation comprises a spacious entrance hall, cl..."
"AN EXCEPTIONAL THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN LONGLEVENS! MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome the open market this beautifully appointed, extended property located in a quiet & popular location in the heart of Longlevens. The space internally is very impre..."
"Welcoming this ideal family home, set within a desirable location. The property features a bright and spacious layout including, two reception rooms, and three double bedrooms with the master benefiting from an en-suite. Externally the accommodation offers private off-road parking and an impres..."
"**** FABULOUS 4 BEDROOMED DETACHED PROPERTY, BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, EXPANSIVE EXTENDED ACCOMMODATION, STUNNING REFITTED KITCHEN/BREAKFAST/FAMILY ROOM, REFITTED EYE-CATCHING BATHROOMS, CLOAKROOM, HIGHLY DESIRABLE LOCATION, SIMPLY MUST BE VIEWED! **** MICHAEL TUCK ESTATE AGENTS are absolutely de..."
"A four bedroom detached house set in the sought after Abbeymead area. This family home is situated in a cul de sac just a short walk from local amenities, regular bus service and within easy reach of the M5. This property had planning granted in 2018 (now lapsed) for a double story ex..."
"Off the entrance hall to this four bedroom detached home, you'll find a light and airy lounge. There's also a spacious open plan kitchen and dining area, with French doors leading to the south east facing garden. A separate utility and cloakroom complete the ground floor. Upstairs you'll find..."
"**KEY WORKER? SAVE £19,999 & WE'LL INCLUDE FLOORING.** SPACIOUS home with open plan kitchen and French doors to the garden. EN SUITE main bedroom, two further double bedrooms and a single. Comes with garage and parking. Plot 21 | The Kingsley | Whittle Gardens | Barratt Homes. Full description:..."
THREE BEDROOM DETACHED family home with EN-SUITE to main bedroom & FAMILY BATHROOM.  The Warwick offers a GENEROUS KITCHEN/DINING area and a SEPARATE LOUNGE.
"HOME 435, THE MYLNE - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. A 1136 sqft 4-bed family home which is ideal for entertaining, with a good-sized, front-facing livin..."
"*** FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN LONGFORD*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome for sale this fantastic size family home located on Saintbridge Road in Longford. The accommodation currently comprises of: Entrance hallway, cloakroom, lounge, OPEN PLAN Kitchen/..."
"Tucked away at the top of this cul de sac, is this fabulous 4-5 bedroom detached home located in the desirable location of Abbeymead. Perfect for the modern family the property comprises - "
"This four bedroom detached property is well located on the popular Hucclecote Road and offers spacious accommodation throughout. A driveway with off-road parking leads to the front door and into an entrance hall. To the front, the modern kitchen has been recently fitted and at the rear of the..."
"Located in this highly desirable Hucclecote location is this 4 bedroom semi detached home, which is in need of some cosmetic updating and would provide a wonderful home. The property, which is within close catchment to highly considered primary schools, multiple local amenities and The King Geor..."
"The Winchester is an impressive four bedroom three storey home, providing plenty of space for modern family life. "
"*** First Time Buyer Event, Friday 31st of March and Saturday 1st of April *** Move Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this exciting new development in the village of Twigworth on the outskirts of Gloucester. Twigworth enjoys the comfort of rural living whilst also being jus..."
"Wonderful 4 bedroom detached family home, built on a spacious corner plot by Bellway homes in 2017 in a quiet cul de sac location"
" SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED ON A QUIET CUL-DE-SAC IN HUCCLECOTE! This fantastic property comprises of; entrance hall, downstairs cloak room, spacious lounge, kitchen, dining room, four well sized bedrooms and a bathroom. Benefits include; upvc double glazing, gas centr..."
"This beautifully presented, extended family home is situated in the popular and desirable location of Coniston Road, Longlevens. This property has been upgraded by the current owners whilst maintaining original period features and has been a lovely home for the current family. This property..."
"HOME 91, THE MYLNE - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. READY TO MOVE INTO, LOORING & TURF INCLUDED. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. A 4-bed family home which is ideal for entertaining, ..."
"CGT sales are delighted to welcome to the market this beautifully presented four bedroomed family house in a desirable no through road. Fircroft Close is a small cul-de-sac situated off Chosen Way in the heart of Hucclecote, close to popular local schools, bus services to both Cheltenham and Gl..."
"Situated within the ever popular residential area of Longlevens this beautifully presented 1930's semi-detached family home is offered to the market. Boasting generous extended living accommodation, mature enclosed rear garden and large driveway for multiple vehicles, viewing is highly advised fo..."
"HOME 116, THE MYLNE - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. READY TO MOVE INTO, FLOORING & TURF INCLUDED. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. OVERLOOKING OPEN SPACE. This 4 bed home is perfect ..."
EXCEPTIONAL THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED VICTORIAN PROPERTY. The property has been subject to significant modernisation and upgrading to a high grade in recent years and offers spacious living accommodation and period features which have been retained and renovated.
"*** FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY IN POPULAR ABBEYMEAD LOCATION WITH OWNED SOLAR PANELS, PRIVATE ENCLOSED GARDEN & GARAGE WITH PARKING *** This modern detached family home offers accommodation briefly comprising; entrance hall, living room with dining room to the rear overlooking ..."
"Positioned on the edge of Twigworth surrounded by fields and neighbouring the open green of the local cricket club, whilst boasting a high specification internal finish, the Hallam truly offers the best of both worlds."
"A beautifully presented DETACHED family home of an unusual design set in a small quiet and convenient cul de sac Foxleigh Crescent is a popular small cul de sac situated off Blackwater Way approximately 2 miles to the East of Gloucester City centre. Excellent local shopping within Longlevens,..."
"A family home of memories, it’s not often a home has been lived in by the same family for the last 70 years! This bay fronted property is very well maintained and offers lots of potential for a family. Dating back to the 1930’s the original features are still in place. Viewing is a must to apprec..."
 A substantial 1930's semi detached family house of a very pleasing design and set in a highly convenient position. Colebridge Avenue is a very popular treelined cul-de-sac situated off Merevale Road and the Barnwood Roads approximately a 1 1/4 miles to the east of Gloucester city centre. So...
** Three Bedroom House with One Bedroom Double Storey Annex ** Spacious and Versatile Accommodation ** No Onward Chain ** Popular Location ** Enclosed Garden ** Garage and Off Road Parking ** Call To View:
Move Estate Agents are pleased to market this three bedroom house in this popular part of Quedgeley. The house could do with some modernisation throughout but offers the new owners the potential to well and truly put their stamp on the house and allows them to end up with a good sized home wit...
"The Winster is a five-bedroom detached family home. The open-plan kitchen/diner is spacious and bright with French doors leading into the garden - perfect for gatherings with friends and family. It comes complete with an integral single garage, downstairs cloakroom and an en suite to bedroom one."
Move Estate Agents are delighted to welcome to the market this Five bedroom brand new house situated on Yew Tree Gardens in Tuffley. Available immediately and on the edge of the estate with views across open fields these houses are sure to be popular. Ground floor accommodation comprises :- L...
"Gloucestershire Property Online are proud to market this eye catching three bedroom detached family home, with the benefit of NO ONWARD CHAIN. Positioned within a secluded cul-de-sac in the sought after village of Highnam, the property offers a light and airy space perfectly suited for families l..."
"The Mylne is a 4-bedroom property with a garage. Inside is an expansive open-plan kitchen/dining/family area stretched the entire width of the house, with glazed double doors leading out to the garden. An equally large living room provides space for all the family. On the first floor..."
"*** THREE BEDROOM DETACHED, EXTENDED BUNGALOW IN A QUIET CONVENIENT LOCATION*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome to the open market this very well presented, spacious bungalow which is tucked at the very of end of Highbank Park, Longford. The accommodation in brief..."
"Are you searching for a FOUR bedroom DETACHED home in ABBEYMEAD? This is a very well presented family home. Benefits include ENSUITE TO MASTER BEDROOM, recently refitted Bathroom, downstairs WC, separate STUDY and GARAGE ideal for a growing family, tucked away in a Cul-De-Sac position...."
"Are you searching for a spacious THREE DOUBLE bedroom family home? This beautifully presented property is approaching 1500 sq. ft (approx.), having been redecorated throughout it is ideal for a growing family. Barnwood is located two miles to the east of Gloucester. It is one of the most..."
"HOME 115, THE MYLNE - SAVE £15,000 UNTIL 7 APRIL 2023!! OVERLOOKING OPEN SPACE. A 4-bed family home which is ideal for entertaining, with a good-sized, front-facing living room & a sizeable kitchen/dining/family area with French doors out to the garden. Upstairs large bedroom 1 ..."
VACANT POSESSION - IN NEED OF MODERNISATION - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Located in the corner of a cul-de-sac with the village of Upton is this chain free detached bungalow offering great potential. FULL VIRTUAL TOUR ONLINE
"The Mountford B is a beautiful 3-bedroom double fronted home. The kitchen dining area runs the full depth of the house. A separate utility room offers a side access door leading onto the driveway. The dual aspect living room also runs the full depth of the home, providing a large airy..."
"This stunning extended family home is located in the heart of Longlevens. Rydal road is located close to shops, pubs, schools and other local amenities. Downstairs consists of a living room, w.c and an open plan kitchen/family room with a snug. The first floor boasts 3 bedrooms and a family bathr..."
"This a stunning example of a modernised Victorian property that is located within easy access to the local amenities that Hucclecote has to offer. This three-bedroom property benefits from a beautiful kitchen/diner with trifold doors that lead out onto the garden, perfect for alfresco dining. Off..."
"Fronting out onto beautiful scenery, this detached family home is tucked away with stunning views across greenland. Benefitting from a garage, off road parking and enclosed low maintenance rear garden. Internally, the property offers a kitchen, sitting room, dining room, downstairs wc,..."
"Situated just off Barnwood Road in a small cul de sac of just four houses, Andrews Property Group are pleased to offer to the market this well presented four bedroom detached cottage. The accommodation comprises of the entrance porch which leads through to the hallway, from here you wi..."
"A modern detached property tucked away in a desirable cul-de-sac in Barnwood. Accommodation comprises three bedrooms, two bathrooms, a dressing room, an open plan kitchen-living-dining room, a utility room and a garage. Upon entering the property, the hallway offers wood effect flooring that f..."
"Welcome to Brookthorpe Park, an Exclusively Private community of just thirteen 3-bedroom semi-detached and terraced homes and six 4-bedroom detached homes enviably perched on the edge of The Cotswolds in a leafy, village setting. Please note the development is at an early stage and spe..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented three bedroom home in Brockworth. Within a short distance walk of open countryside this property has much to offer. The property is within close proximity to a local school, multiple amenities, leisure facilities and l..."
"REF DH0109: A bungalow, simply described as stunning, located in the popular suburb of Hucclecote. The property has been extended and renovated and provides a wonderful balance of accommodation consisting of 2 large double bedrooms and stylish shower room and a fantastic open plan living space..."
This substantially extended home has a particularly large South facing rear garden and is ideally situated for Elmbridge primary school and Longlevens juniors and offers superb ground floor living space making it ideal for a family or anyone who requires multiple homeworking areas. The Proper...
"FOUR BEDROOMS - THREE RECEPTION ROOMS - CONSERVATORY - DRIVEWAY PARKING A Victorian semi detached family home offer vast living accommodation, a conservatory, driveway parking and generous rear garden. FULL VIRTUAL TOUR ONLINE"
"This is a fantastic extended four bedroom Semi-detached house in a great location of Gloucester which is close to local amenities, schools and the town centre. On the ground floor you have a spacious entrance hallway a kitchen, lounge/dining room with a conservatory leading to the rear..."
"HOME 239, THE SPRUCE - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. This impressive double-fronted home combines traditional architecture with modern design to stunning..."
"Gloucestershire Property Online are thrilled to offer this spacious three bedroom mid-terrace house, located within a sought after cul-de-sac in Quedgeley. Perfectly suited toward those looking to secure their next family home or first purchase, the property is light and airy, with the further be..."
"Offered to the market chain free, is this spacious and well presented family home which is conveniently located in a quiet cul de sac in the popular area of Barnwood with easy access to local amenities, schools and bus routes. This detached house offers potential to extend (subject to obtaining t..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to bring this exceptional four bedroom detached to the property. Situated in the popular area of Kingsway, this property is close to lots of local amenities and excellent commuter links. The downstairs accommodation offers plenty of reception space an..."
"*** 4 BEDROOM LINK DETACHED HOUSE, GARAGE, VERY POPULAR LOCATION, CONVENIENTLY LOCATED TO LOCAL AMENITIES *** We are pleased to welcome to the market this well presented 4 bedroom link detached house, located in the ever so popular area of Abbeydale which would be perfect for the growing family...."
"HOME 24, THE SPRUCE - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. This impressive double-fronted home combines traditional architecture with modern design to stunning ..."
"*** NO ONWARD CHAIN, 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE, CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION *** Michael Tuck Estate Agents are very pleased to welcome to the market this lovely 4 bedroom detached house located in a quiet cul-de-sac of Barnwood. This fantastic sized home offers huge potential to the growing family, locate..."
The Elliston is a 4-bedroom home designed to appeal to growing families looking for a little extra space.
Situated on a large plot in a popular location. This three-bedroom detached bungalow has been thoughtfully extended and offers spacious accommodation throughout. With a sitting / dining room overlooking a mature rear garden. Dinglewell is a very popular location and sits close to the main Hu...
This contemporary three bedroom family home sits on the popular Porchester Road and benefits from a good-sized rear garden. A front door opens into a porch and through an entrance hall to a very spacious living / dining room. An attractive kitchen and conservatory sit off the living room whil...
The Easedale is a traditional double fronted 3-bedroom home with a flexible layout to appeal to both couples and young families
"Built in 2019 by Matthew Homes and having 6 years remaining on the NHBC guarantee this beautifully presented family home is nicely positioned overlooking green space, provides parking and a garage and is convenient for the primary schools at Linden and Calton as well as The Crypt and Ribston Hall..."
"Tucked away in a popular road in Longlevens, this extended, three bedroom detached, family home is well presented throughout and has a good size driveway. 
"
" This lovely 1930's semi detached house is positioned in the popular location of Cheltenham Road, Gloucester. This property offers ample amounts of space, boasts period features throughout and would make a perfect home for a family to enjoy. Downstairs the property comprises of: E..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to welcome to the market this fabulous family home, located within short walks to excellent local schools, shops, transport links and other local amenities. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, utility/WC, spacious lounge/diner with stunn..."
"A WONDERFUL 1930S EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM HOME WITH LARGE GARDEN & DETACHED GARAGE! We are delighted to welcome to the open market this attractive & popular opportunity to purchase a three bedroom home located on Cheltenham Road, Longlevens. The accommodation has been extended to the rear..."
"**WE'LL CONTRIBUTE £18,249 & INCLUDE FLOORING.** SPACIOUS home with French doors to the garden. Two double bedrooms and a single on the first floor. IMPRESSIVE en suite main bedroom with DRESSING AREA on the top floor. Comes with garage and parking. Plot 4 | The Woodcote | Whittle Gardens | Barr..."
"Encompassed by dazzling countryside, under 6 miles away from CHELTENHAM the Campanula is a beautifully designed home, spread across THREE FLOORS, that combines SPACIOUS LIVING AREAS and a high specification."
A versatile four bedroom semi detached family home set over three floors. On the ground floor you'll find the kitchen with space for a breakfast table. There's also an open plan lounge with dining area and French doors to the garden.
"Located in Cotswold Chase, Brockworth is this lovely four bedroom ""Southcott"" design semi built by Bellway Homes. The accommodation is over three floors. On the top floor is a fantastic 22ft main bedroom with storage, wardrobes and en-suite. The middle floor has a further thre..."
"Tucked away in a quiet cul de sac position on sought after Windfall Way, KJT Residential are pleased to offer for sale this lovely detached family home, the accommodation in brief comprises, 3 double bedrooms, en-suite to master, separate reception rooms, 12ft fitted kitchen and downstairs cloakr..."
"Welcome to Brookthorpe Park, an Exclusively Private community of just thirteen 3-bedroom semi-detached and terraced homes and six 4-bedroom detached homes enviably perched on the edge of The Cotswolds in a leafy, village setting. Please note the development is at an early stage a..."
"EXTENDED – FOUR BEDROOMS - TWO RECEPTIONS - TWO BATHROOMS – DRIVEWAY PARKING Positioned within a popular cul- de-sac of Gloucester is this extended four bedroom semi detached family home with a private rear garden, large patio and decking area, a garage and driveway parking for two vehicles..."
"Presented over three floors, this well presented four bedroom home boasts off road parking, a garage and enclosed rear garden. Located within close proximity to high achieving schools, local amenities and bus routes. Outside boasts off road parking, a garage and a recently l..."
"A beautifully presented and superbly located semi-detached family home in the picturesque village of Upton St Leonards. The home boasts a balanced accommodation for family or couple and viewing is highly recommended. The ground floor offers a lounge, cloakroom, utility room and a lovely open..."
"HOME 438, THE ASLIN - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. This 4-bed 1112sq ft home has 3 floors, with a living room with French doors to the garden. There is ..."
"HOME 440, THE ASLIN - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. This 4-bed 1112sq ft home has 3 floors, with a living room with French doors to the garden. There is ..."
"HOME 318, THE ASLIN - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. This 4-bed 1112sq ft home has 3 floors, with a living room with French doors to the garden. There is ..."
"This home is tucked away at the end of a cul de sac and benefits from a LARGER THAN AVERAGE GARDEN, which is perfect for a family. Windfall Way is located off Elmbridge Road which is perfectly positioned within close proximity to some of the counties best primary and grammer schools like Sir Thom..."
"*** 3 BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY, FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME, MUCH IMPROVED & VERY WELL PRESENTED, DESIRABLE LOCATION, VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! ***MICHAEL TUCK ESTATE AGENTS are very pleased to welcome to the market this generously proportioned 3 bedroomed detached property, situated in a very sough..."
"Located on the popular Barnwood Avenue, this three double bedroom semi-detached property has been thoughtfully extended to provide excellent accommodation. The front door opens into an entrance hall which leads into the dual aspect living / dining room. An extended kitchen opens out into the g..."
"*INVESTORS ONLY* A freehold investment opportunity positioned on the ever popular Arthur Street on the edge of Gloucester City Centre. The property comprises of a one bedroom ground floor apartment, with private courtyard garden, and two further two bedroom apartments. Viewing is highly ..."
"We are proud to offer this FOUR BEDROOM link detached family home that has recently undergone REFURBISHMENT to include a newly fitted KITCHEN, BATHROOM and CLOAKROOM. The property has also been REDECORATED throughout and benefits from NEW CARPETS to the stairs, landing and bedrooms The property..."
"* SOUTH WEST FACING GARDEN * The Lawrence is a fantastic opportunity for a new family to finally enjoy their own space, with room to grow! With a private en suite to the master bedroom, private driveway parking and space for a home office in the third bedroom, this truly is a superb new home!"
"HOME 317, THE ASLIN - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. This 4-bed 1112sq ft home has 3 floors, with a living room with French doors to the garden. There is ..."
"HOME 439, THE ASLIN - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. This 4-bed 1112sq ft home has 3 floors, with a living room with French doors to the garden. There is ..."
"STUNNING FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE WITH GARAGE & PARKING - CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION, INTEGRATED APPLIANCES & VINYL FLOORING TO KITCHEN A beautifully designed 4 bedroom semi-detached home with GARAGE AND PARKING FOR 2 CARS, situated on the exclusive Earls Park development within walking d..."
"Situated between Gloucester and Cheltenham, The Clematis features a single GARAGE, plus an OPEN-PLAN kitchen dining area with FRENCH DOORS on to the rear garden, a front-facing lounge and EN-SUITE to bedroom 1."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN, FANTASTIC BUY TO LET OPPORTUNITY OR FAMILY HOME*** Offered to the market for sale with no onward chain is this four bedroom detached property situated in Kingsway. This four bedroom property benefits from good access to local amenities, schools , bus rou..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to offer to the market this very well presented four bedroom detached family home in the popular St Leonards Park area of Gloucester, within close proximity to local amenities and open green space to be enjoyed. The property briefly comprises of: welco..."
"Offering generous accomodation throughout is this extended four bedroom semi detached family home presented in good order. The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, downstairs shower room, lounge, dining room, family room and kitchen on the ground floor. Upstairs there are three doubl..."
This mid-terrace house is situated in a pleasant cul-de-sac location in the popular village of Sandhurst and backs on to open farmland. Sandhurst is an attractive small village just over 3 miles north of Gloucester and just over 10 miles south west of Tewkesbury. The village...
"Situated in the ever popular residential location of Canal Court in Hempsted, this modern and immaculately presented four bedroom family home is offered to the market. Boasting generous living accommodation, enclosed rear garden, driveway and single garage, this property must be considered by tho..."
"Situated at the end of a cul de sac in a good sized corner plot. The property is offered chain free. Cosmetically it requires attention and would suit someone after a project. Downstairs you have Lounge, cloakroom, kitchen and dining room opening out to a good size garden. Upstairs are ..."
"SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN LINDEN WITH PARKING OFFERED CHAIN FREE The property is currently split into two maisonettes but can be restored to a spacious family home. The property is located within short walks to local shops, schools and Gloucester Qua..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to bring this well presented, four bedroom detached property to the market. Situated in the popular area of Kingsway, close to local amenities and schools this lovely home is ideal for families. As you enter the property, there is a welcom..."
"A CHARMING TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED GRADE II LISTED BLACK AND WHITE COTTAGE with an ABUNDANCE OF CHARACTER THROUGHOUT, GARAGE and OFF ROAD PARKING, WORKSHOP and SUMMER HOUSE, LOVELY COTTAGE GARDENS situated in a HIGHLY CONVENIENT LOCATION for GLOUCESTER."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, is a larger than average, three double-bedroom, semi detached property. This family home which is located in the popular residential area of Hucclecote offers an extended open-plan living accommodation with three shower rooms. Outside, to the front, the..."
A good sized semi detached FAMILY HOME in a quiet position IN NEED OF SOME UPDATING with large front and Westerly backing rear gardens. Melville Road is a very popular residential road situated off Pirton Lane in this sought after part of Churchdown. Some of the areas best schools and good l...
"This charming 3 bedroom detached house is situated in the popular and convenient location of Kingsholm Road Gloucester, This property boasts character throughout, is positoned on a generous plot and really is one of a kind. Downstairs the property offers: Long driveway, generous sized..."
"The Property Centre are thrilled to bring this chain free, four bedroom detached property to the market. Situated in the popular area of Kingsway, there are plenty of local amenties nearby as well as excellent commuter links. The downstairs accommodation comprises a spacious entrance..."
" A substantial Bay fronted Semi Detached House located on the highly sought after Stroud Road with NO ONWARD CHAIN! Currently divided into TWO MAISONETTES the property would make an ideal Buy To Let, but would require some RENOVATION throughout. Alternatively with some minor re-configuration wo..."
"Move Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this beautifully presented and extended semi detached home in the popular village of Hempsted. This stunning house is a must view, especially when you get through to the extended kitchen, truly the heart of the home. The accommodation com..."
*** AN EXCEPTIONALLY PRESENTED FAMILY HOME IN CHURCHDOWN*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome to the market this beautifully presented three bedroom property on a generous size plot in a highly desirable position. The accommodation comprises of: Entrance hallwa...
LARGE CORNER PLOT - THREE GARAGES - AMPLE PARKING -EXTENDED - DETACHED A well presented and extended three bedroom link detached family home situated on a corner plot in within Brockworth. FULL VIRTUAL TOUR ONLINE
"DESIRABLE TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW with a LARGER THAN AVERAGE PLOT situated in a tucked away cul-de-sac location. Inside the property there is a lounge at the front with an OPEN FIREPLACE, at the rear you have a fitted kitchen with BUILT IN APPLIANCES and a conservatory (acce..."
"HOME 80, THE BECKETT - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. A well-appointed 3-bedroom family home featuring a dual aspect living room & generous kitchen/din..."
"EXTENDED and WELL PRESENTED FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME sitting on a level plot at the end of a popular cul-de-sac. Inside there is a light lounge with oak flooring and French doors onto the garden, a well fitted kitchen with BUILT IN APPLIANCES that leads to the dining room, final..."
"HOME 245, THE HAZEL - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. If you're looking for a standout home, this is it. This impressive house has a character and style ..."
"HOME 244, THE HAZEL - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. If you're looking for a standout home, this is it. This impressive house has a character and style ..."
"Situated on a large plot on the popular Conway Road, this three bedroom bungalow has been thoughtfully extended and offers spacious accommodation throughout. The bedrooms and bathroom sit at the front of the property while the living room, dining room, kitchen and conservatory are at the rear ove..."
"HOME 240, THE HAZEL - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. If you're looking for a standout home, this is it. This impressive house has a character and style ..."
"HOME 241, THE HAZEL - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. If you're looking for a standout home, this is it. This impressive house has a character and style ..."
"HOME 436, THE ELMSLIE - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. A 933 sqft 3 bedroom home with a large living room, running the width of the house and with French ..."
This charming three bedroom semi-detached property is well located on North Upton Lane and would benefit from updating and modernising throughout presenting a fantastic opportunity to make a lovely family home. A driveway leads to the front door and into the entrance hall. A cosy living room ...
"**KEY WORKER? SAVE £17,249 & WE'LL INCLUDE FLOORING.** SPACIOUS home with an OPEN PLAN kitchen and French doors to the garden. A dual aspect lounge, cloakroom and some handy understairs STORAGE completes the ground floor. Upstairs you'll find an EN SUITE main bedroom, a further double and a singl..."
"This three bedroom detached home has an open plan kitchen with a dining area and French doors to the garden. A dual aspect lounge, downstairs cloakroom and some handy storage complete the downstairs. Upstairs, you'll find an en suite main bedroom, a further double bedroom, a single bedroom an..."
"SPACIOUS home with open plan UPGRADED kitchen and French doors to the garden. Lounge and EN SUITE main bedroom on the first floor. Two further bedrooms on the top floor. Comes with garage and parking. Plot 96 | The Kingsville | Whittle Gardens | Barratt Homes. Full description:
This four bedroo..."
"This four bedroom semi detached home has a light and spacious kitchen with French doors opening onto the garden. On the ground floor there is also a cloakroom, storage cupboard and a fourth bedroom, perfect for using as a home office if you work from home."
A very WELL PROPORTIONED detached FAMILY HOME built in 1986 in a QUIET POSITION overlooking playing fields. Podsmead Place is a small cul de sac of properties which overlook playing fields situated off Podsmead Road and Tuffley Avenue approximately 1 1/2 mile to the South of Gloucester City c...
"Ideally located within within walking distance of Churchdown village, and just six miles from Cheltenham, brand new home The Chandler features an OPEN-PLAN kitchen diner, front-facing lounge with BAY WINDOW, plus master bedroom with EN-SUITE. "
"Positioned within a small modern development within Hardwicke, this immaculately presented four bedroom family home is offered to the market. Boasting flexible living accommodation, two en-suite shower rooms, landscaped rear garden and single garage, this property has much to offer growing famili..."
"SHOW HOME AVAILABLE TO VIEW! The Trevithick offers modern open plan living spaces. Off the hallway you'll find a spacious lounge, with plenty of room for the whole family to relax after a busy day. The OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM is a brilliant space for the family to spend time together,"
The Property Centre are delighted to bring this much loved property to the market with no onward chain. Situated in a popular Quedgeley location and benefitting from a garage and driveway parking this home would make an ideal family home. The downstairs accommodation compr...
"HOME 79, THE BECKETT - SAVE £15,000 UNTIL 7 APRIL 2023!! A well-appointed 3-bedroom family home featuring a dual aspect living room & generous kitchen/dining area complete with French doors out to the garden. On the 1st floor large bedroom 1 is served by an en suite bathroom. The..."
"This lovely semi-detached home has much to offer. Located in Gloucester, it boasts three bedrooms and a modern fitted kitchen. It also offers ample off-road parking and a large rear garden. Its is the perfect find for any home hunter. Book a viewing to avoid missing out. "
"Set within a prime location, close to local schools, shops, and motorway access, this extended 1960s three bedroom semi-detached family home offers flexible living accommodation over two floors. With off-road parking and a generously sized private garden, viewing is highly recommended on this pro..."
"Situated in a popular location in Abbeymead is this detached four bedroom family home, presented in excellent condition throughout. Internally this family home briefly consists of an entrance hall, spacious living room, a lovely open plan kitchen/dining room and downstairs cloakroom. U..."
"Detached bungalow with a large garden in Barnwood Avenue. This property is located towards the end of the road and it has the most fantastic garden for the keen gardeners out there. Internally there are 2 double bedrooms, a shower room, living room, kitchen/breakfast room and a conservatory. Othe..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this well presented detached family home, situated in a small cul-de-sac location which has gated access onto Highgrove Park. The property briefly consists of an entrance hall, cloakroom, large living room and an open plan kitchen/dining room w..."
"**A THREE-BEDROOM FAMILY HOME WITH GARAGE** TG Sales & Lettings are delighted to offer ‘FOR SALE’ this extended three double-bedroom family home, which is situated in Sims Lane, Quedgeley. Step inside the hallway of this well-presented home, where you will find the stairs to the..."
"HOME 85, THE ASLIN - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. The Aslin is a 4 bedroomed town house offering flexible living space over 3 floors. The living room ha..."
"Located in the popular 'The Nurseries' within Churchdown, this delightful family home is situated in a road of just 12 homes. Accommodation boasts kitchen-diner, sitting room, WC, three bedrooms, an en-suite and family bathroom. Outside offers a garage and driveway providing off road parking. "
"HOME 296, THE ELMSLIE - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. A 933 sqft 3 bedroom home with a large living room, running the width of the house and with French ..."
"HOME 297, THE ELMSLIE - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. A 933 sqft 3 bedroom home with a large living room, running the width of the house and with French ..."
"HOME 121, THE HAZEL II - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. If you're looking for a standout home, this is it. This impressive house has a character and sty..."
"HOME 122, THE BEECH - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. The Beech is a fantastic three storey home created for those who want a balance between family time a..."
A lovely LATE VICTORIAN semi detached house of deceiving proportions Lonsdale Road is a quiet residential road situated off the Elmbridge Road approximately 1.25 miles to the east of Gloucester city centre. Some of the areas most popular schools are within walking distance and access to goo...
"This four bedroom semi detached home has a light and spacious kitchen with French doors opening onto the garden. On the ground floor there is also a cloakroom, storage cupboard and a fourth bedroom, perfect for using as a home office if you work from home. On the first floor you'll find the ..."
"The Property Centre is delighted to present to the market, with No Onward Chain, this rarely available three bedroom semi-detached bungalow in the heart of Churchdown village. This property boasts a kitchen, lounge, conservatory, family bathroom and three well sized bedrooms. Outside the property..."
"The Property Centre is delighted to present to the market this beautifully presented three bedroom semi-detached house located on the ever popular 'Pirton Fields' development and built by Ashberry Homes. Downstairs accommodation comprises of a kitchen, lounge diner and downstairs w/c. Upstairs th..."
"This beautifully extended property is situated in the popular location of Barnwood Road, Gloucester. This home has been beautifully renovated by the current owners and would make a lovely family home. Downstairs the property comprises of: Off road parking for several vehicles, car por..."
This immaculately presented three bedroom property has been attractively modernised and extended under current ownership. The driveway and garden lead to the front door and into an entrance hall. A snug sits at the front of the property with a spacious sitting room at the rear. A large family...
"This home is brand new and chain free. Located a 15 minute drive from Cheltenham, The Chandler benefits from an OPEN-PLAN kitchen dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden, plus a separate lounge. Upstairs, boasts three good sized rooms with an EN-SUITE to bedroom 1."
"The Trevithick is a three bedroom semi-detached home with an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER. Off the hallway you'll find a spacious lounge, with plenty of room for the whole family to relax after a busy day. SHOW HOME AVAILABLE TO VIEW at the Fallow Fields development."
"*** First time buyer event, Friday 31st of March and Saturday 1st of April, call now to book into the event *** Move Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this exciting new development in the village of Twigworth on the outskirts of Gloucester. Twigworth enjoys the comfort of ..."
"This deceptively spacious property is situated on the popular Greenways development in Barnwood. The property has been upgraded to a high standard and is in good condition throughout. The ground floor living space is well proportioned and offers a generous hallway, downstairs cloakroom, dining ro..."
"The Azalea (plot 110) 2-bedroom terraced home, £264,995. Reserve before the end of April to receive blinds, carpets and flooring throughout. Speak with our sales advisor for further details. Terms and conditions apply."
"SPACIOUS home with open plan UPGRADED kitchen and French doors to the facing garden. Lounge and EN SUITE main bedroom on the first floor. Two further bedrooms on the top floor. Comes with garage and parking. Plot 10 | The Kingsville | Whittle Gardens | Barratt Homes. Full description:
This four..."
"This four bedroom mid terraced home has a light and spacious kitchen with French doors opening onto the garden. On the ground floor there is also a cloakroom, storage cupboard and a fourth bedroom, perfect for using as a home office if you work from home."
"With 3 bedrooms, the Gosford is perfect for anyone looking for a little extra space"
"Brought to the market is this bay-fronted family home located on Barnwood Road. The semi-detached property boasts ample off-road parking and a large southwest facing garden. Internally, the property consists of a porch, entrance hall, kitchen, a spacious lounge, second reception room a..."
"A spacious three bedroom semi-detached property situated in the sought after development of Huntsgrove, Hardwicke. This exceptionally well presented 'David Wilson Home' was built two years ago and still has NHBC warranty remaining. The property benefits from a single detached garage an..."
" THREE BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY ON A QUIET NO THROUGH ROAD IN BARNWOOD. The property is comprised of; entrance porch, lounge, dining room, kitchen, conservatory, two double bedrooms, one single bedroom and a bathroom. Benefits include; upvc double glazing, enclosed rear garden, side gate ac..."
++ For Sale Via Modern Auction ++ The Property Centre is delighted to offer for sale this well presented four bedroom detached house built by Westbury homes to the 'Goodwood' design. The property is set back on a private drive and overlooks the nature reserve. The accommoda...
"***THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE FOR SALE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN, SOUGHT AFTER ABBEYMEAD LOCATION*** This deceptively spacious three bedroom detached property is set in a quiet cul de sac location in Deerhurst close, Abbeymead. The property occupies a fantastic size plot and wo..."
"SPACIOUS home with an OPEN PLAN kitchen and French doors to the SOUTH WEST garden. A dual aspect lounge, cloakroom and some handy understairs STORAGE completes the ground floor. Upstairs you'll find an EN SUITE main bedroom, a further double and a single. Comes with parking. Plot 10 | The Ennerd..."
"*** STUNNING THREE BEDROOM HOME IN HUCCLECOTE*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS welcome to the open market this fantastic opportunity to purchase this extended three bedroom family home located in a highly desirable location. The accommodation comprises of: Entrance hallway, lounge, kitc..."
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM HOME!! MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS welcome to the open market this extremely popular ""Sheringham"" style home. On the ground floor we have: Entrance hallway, cloakroom/utility, lounge & OPEN PLAN Kitchen/Diner. Upstairs are three bedrooms, en-sui..."
* £800 towards your MORTGAGE for 12 MONTHS!* Superb 3 bedroom STONE BUILT semi detached FAMILY home * Open plan KITCHEN/DINING area * French doors leading out to rear garden * EN SUITE to master bedroom * Long private driveway for TWO cars *
"HOME 7, THE ELMSLIE - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. 3 bedroom home with a large living room, running the width of the house and with French doors to the ..."
A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED TWO/THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW IN A POPULAR POSITION. Forest View Road is a very popular residential road situated just off Woods Orchard Road and the Stroud Road within easy reach of local shops and great links to the city and beyond. The p...
"Offered for sale is this detached bungalow which is in an excellent condition throughout, and is chain free. The property briefly consists of an entrance hall, large living room, two generous size bedrooms and a refitted kitchen and bathroom. To the outside there is an attractive..."
"YOPA are pleased to offer this SEMI DETACHED THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOUSE with GARAGE and GARDENS for sale. Located in Kew Place, Richmond Gardens in the popular Longlevens area of Gloucester, this generous semi-detached family house has large side & rear Gardens with room for an extension."
"Situated in a cul-de-sac location and occupying a generous plot is this extended four bedroom family home. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, two reception rooms, 17ft kitchen/breakfast room and conservatory on the ground floor. Upstairs there are four double bedrooms and a..."
"This three bedroom semi detached home is presented in good order throughout. On the ground floor there is a lounge with bay window, kitchen/diner with French doors leading to the rear garden and a utility cloakroom. Upstairs there are three well proportioned bedrooms with en-suite to master..."
It will be difficult to find a property that is as tastefully and well presented as this spacious family home which offers four double bedrooms and is ideally situated for local schools and parks and offers the added benefit of a garage and off road parking for two cars. The Property Pleasant...
"The Property Centre are delighted to offer to the market for sale, this four bedroom semi detached home which will benefit from some internal updating. Located in the ever popular Hucclecote road within close proximity of schools, shopping amenities and transport links. The downstairs..."
"**** 3 BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW, HIGHLY DESIRABLE LOCATION, SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION, CORNER PLOT, CHAIN-FREE, SIMPLY MUST BE VIEWED! ****MICHAEL TUCK ESTATE AGENTS are absolutely delighted to welcome to the market this generously proportioned 3 bedroomed detached bungalow, positioned on an enviab..."
BEAUTIFULLY APPOINTED THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN SOUGHT AFTER CUL DE SAC LOCATION WITH EXTENDED KITCHEN/DINER The Property Centre are delighted to welcome to the market this exceptional family home. It simply must be viewed to appreciate the living space and has been recentl...
"Wonderful opportunity to create a fabulous family home in this sought after area! This 3 bedroom, bay fronted, semi detached property comprises - Ground Floor - Spacious entrance hall, 24' lounge diner with bay window to the front and double doors leading to the garden, kitchen, utility / st..."
"PLEASE QUOTE REF LH0563;  An exceptionally appointed, double fronted former ""Show Home"" in the desirable modern devlopment of Coopers Edge in Brockworth. This oustanding home has been very well maintained and offers well balanced and practical living space. With its stunning Cot..."
"**** 3 BEDROOMED SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY, NICELY PRESENTED, REFITTED KITCHEN, CONSERVATORY, HIGHLY DESIRABLE LOCATION, CHAIN-FREE, VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! ****MICHAEL TUCK ESTATE AGENTS are extremely pleased to welcome to the open-market this well presented 3 bedroomed semi-detached property, ..."
"This modern, spacious four bedroom townhouse is positioned in a quiet cul de sac location and close to all local school and amenities making this the perfect family home. Enjoying a wonderful position, not overlooked and with school field to the rear, the property comprises - "
" Michael Tuck Estate Agents Quedgeley are delighted to welcome to the market this beautiful three bedroom semi detached cottage in Quedgeley that has been renovated throughout to a high standard! In brief the property comprises of; lounge, modern fitted kitchen/diner, conservatory, utility ..."
"*** FIVE BEDROOMS, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS & TWO BATHROOMS IN A QUIET CUL-DE-SAC IN ABBEYDALE*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS welcome NEW TO THE MARKET this spacious family home which is presented very well throughout. The accommodation comprises of: Entrance hallway, ground floor shower r..."
"THREE BEDROOMS -DOWNSTAIRS SHOWER ROOM - EXTENDED ACCOMMODATION An extended and well presented three bedroom family home located within walking distance to Sir Thomas Rich's School. Offering a downstairs shower room, generous accommodation and driveway parking - FULL VIRTUAL TOUR ONLINE"
"This lovely semi detached property is situated in the desirable location of Lavington Drive and is offered for sale with no onward chain. This property would make a lovely first time buy or family home. Downstairs the property offers: Ample amounts of off road parking, light and airy ..."
"Situated in the heart of Gloucester, this unique five bedroom end terraced property provides an ideal investment opportunity. The property boasts flexible living accommodation throughout with a potential rental income of £1,200 pcm whilst also offering the potential to be turned into a HMO."
"STAMP DUTY PAID BY SELLER! (SINGLE PROPERTY)
Stunning 4 bedroom terraced town house situated on the exclusive Earls Park development and walking distance to Gloucester Quays. With FLEXIBLE LIVING ideal for HOME WORKING!"
" A FOUR/FIVE Bedroom Semi Detached House with EXTENDED Kitchen, TWO Reception Rooms and an EN-SUITE Bathroom located on London Road close to Gloucester City Centre The property offers flexible accommodation and currently comprises of Entrance Hall, Lounge with Study Area off, Dining Room, Exten..."
"Situated in the popular residential area of Kingsholm this four bedroom end terraced townhouse is offered to the market with no onward chain. Benefitting from flexible living accommodation throughout, enclosed rear garden and an allocated parking space, the property makes for an ideal family home..."
"Situated on a no through road and offered for sale with no onward chain is this three bedroom linked detached property occupying a generous plot. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, l-shaped lounge/diner, kitchen, utility room, shower room and bedroom on the ground floor. On the fir..."
"SPACIOUS TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW situated in a desirable cul-de-sac location and is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/breakfast room, two double bedrooms and a bathroom. Additional benefits include upvc double ..."
*** AN EXCEPTIONAL THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM HOME IN BARNWOOD*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS welcome to the market this fantastic opportunity to purchase this wonderfully presented family home which is situated on a generous plot with gardens to both front & rear. The accommodation offers ...
"*** THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME IN LONGLEVENS CHAIN FREE*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS welcome to the open market this fantastic opportunity for first time buyers or people downsizing to purchase this attractive, reasonably priced semi detached home located in a popular location..."
"HOME 123, THE BEECH - SAVE £15,000 UNTIL 7 APRIL 2023!! The Beech is a fantastic three storey home created for those who want a balance between family time and quiet relaxation. Downstairs features a welcoming sitting room, open plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading to t..."
EweMove Exclusive - Are you looking to create the perfect family home in a popular Gloucester location? Then this fantastic 3-Bed period property with the potential to add a fourth bedroom and a garden extending to over 50ft could be the perfect project for you! Call Now 24/7 to book a viewing!
"This former Police home has been sympathetically converted and now boasts a good family accommodation. On the ground floor you have lounge, study, kitchen/diner and utility/cloakroom. Upstairs are three DOUBLE bedrooms and en-suite to master. Outside is a pleasant 26ft x 22ft rear gard..."
"**WE'LL CONTRIBUTE £16,249 & INCLUDE FLOORING.** Semi detached home with an OPEN PLAN kitchen and French doors to the garden. A lounge, cloakroom and some handy understairs STORAGE completes the ground floor. Upstairs you'll find an EN SUITE main bedroom, a further double and a single. Comes with..."
"Overlooking open space, this three bedroom semi detached home has an open plan kitchen with French doors to the south west facing garden, a spacious lounge and a downstairs cloakroom. There's also a handy storage cupboard in the hallway. Upstairs you'll find an en suite main bedroom, a..."
"The Clayton Corner features an open-plan kitchen diner and impressive living room with French doors opening into the garden, a utility room, WC and storage cupboard. Upstairs you'll find three bedrooms, including a large en suite bedroom one, a family-sized bathroom and handy storage cupboard."
"HOME 86, THE EVELEIGH - 12 MONTHS MORTGAGE PAID!* RESERVE FOR JUST £99 & SECURE THIS AMAZING OFFER NOW. T&Cs apply. Speak to a sales consultant or visit the website for details. This 3 bed home has a well-sized living room with French doors out to the garden. There is an open-..."
"Tucked away in the private cul-de-sac position of Dale Close, this two bedroom detached bungalow benefits from generous living accommodation, enclosed rear garden, driveway and garage. The bungalow is positioned on a large plot offering ample space to extend or build subject to relevant planning ..."
"**WE'LL CONTRIBUTE £15,999 & INCLUDE FLOORING.** SPACIOUS home with open plan UPGRADED kitchen and French doors to the garden. Lounge with HOME OFFICE space. EN SUITE main bedroom, further double bedroom and a single. Comes with parking. Plot 98 | The Maidstone | Whittle Gardens | Barratt Homes...."
"This three bedroom semi detached home has a spacious open plan kitchen with a dining area and French doors to the garden. There’s also a light and airy lounge, a downstairs cloakroom and some handy understairs storage. Upstairs you'll find an en suite main bedroom, a further double bedroom, a..."
"**KEY WORKER? SAVE £15,999 & WE'LL INCLUDE FLOORING.** SPACIOUS home with open plan kitchen and French doors to the garden. Light and airy lounge and lots of STORAGE space. EN SUITE main bedroom, further double bedroom and a single. Comes with parking. Plot 81 | The Ellerton | Whittle Gardens | ..."
"*Brand new and chain free home* The Valerian is a brand new home with parking for up to two cars, plus a generous OPEN-PLAN living and dining area with feature BAY WINDOW and French doors on to the rear garden, a separate kitchen, and EN-SUITE to bedroom 1."
"This three bedroom semi detached home has a spacious lounge leading to an open plan kitchen with dining area and French doors to the garden. There's also a downstairs cloakroom and some handy understairs storage. Upstairs you'll find an en suite main bedroom, a further double bedroom, a ..."
"Set within a prime location, close to local schools, shops, motorway access, and within close proximity of Barnwood Park and Arboretum, this updated family home has a single storey rear extension and flexible accommodation over two floors."
"* FLOORING and APPLIANCES INCLUDED!*  Boasting a sociable open plan kitchen / dining room, the Kilburn is ideal for couples or small families. And with the third bedroom perfect for a HOME OFFICE and BT FIBRE on site, working from home will be easy too!"
FAMILY HOMES AVAILABLE FOR SHARED OWNERSHIP - MOVE IN THIS SPRING!
" New to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN, this spacious semi-detached house offers fantastic potential. Located in a quiet area of Hucclecote with a large, south-west facing garden and 3 double bedrooms this property would make a desirable family home. Oakwood Drive is a very popular locati..."
"This three bedroom semi-detached family home in Hucclecote offers versatile living space, three DOUBLE bedrooms along with parking for multiple vehicles and within walking distance to Dinglewell School - Viewing is highly recommended. The property briefly consists of OPEN PLAN living a..."
"The Property Centre is delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom detached home which is in a lovely cul-de-sac situated close the the Gloucester Sharpness canal. The accommodation comprises an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen/diner, going upstairs is a master bedroom with..."
A STUNNING THREE BEDROOM PERIOD HOME CHAIN FREE!! MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS welcome to the market this beautifully presented property which has had a large amount of work carried out by the owners to make it a perfect family home. The accommodation offers fantastic living space & co...
"BEAUTIFUL THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME WITH LARGE GARDEN! MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome to the open market this beautifully appointed spacious detached home located in a highly desirable cul-de-sac in Quedgeley. The accommodation comprises of: Entrance hall, cloa..."
"Situated in a highly convenient location is this spacious, semi-detached bungalow which has the advantage of being offered with no onward chain. The property itself briefly comprises of a porch, entrance hall, living room, three bedrooms, a bathroom and a generous size kitchen-breakfas..."
"A newly renovated three bedroom semi-detached house for sale situated in the ever popular Linden area. The property overlooks the newly refurbished, tennis courts and play areas making this an ideal family home. The property is arranged over two floors. Accommodation on the..."
"Move Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this five bedroom semi detached town house offering plenty of space and boasting an impressive master bedroom with walk through wardrobe and en-suite. Entering into the hallway you have the downstairs WC on your right, Kitchen on the lef..."
"A versatile and spacious family home which is located within close proxmity to local amenities, schools and bus routes. This three/four bedroom property benefits from off road parking, an enclosed rear garden and has no onward chain."
"Set in the heart of BROCKWORTH, is this delightful 3 bedroom semi detached BUNGALOW that is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The flexible accommodation is well presented throughout and the generous rear garden is a particular benefit to the property. There is ample off street parking leading to..."
"Move Estate Agents are delighted to welcome to the market this extended family home in highly desirable Barnwood with excellent commuter links, good local schools and amenities are all nearby. In brief the accommodation comprises :- Entrance porch which leads into the hallway. Off the hallway..."
The Eveleigh is a spacious three-bedroom home. With an open plan kitchen dining room and a spacious lounge stretching the full width of the home to the rear. The living room also has glazed double doors leading to the garden and letting the light in. Upstairs are three good-sized be...
"*** AMAZING OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE THIS 4 BEDROOM HOME WITH POTENTIAL FOR A 1 BEDROOM BUNGALOW TO BE BUILT (ARCHITECT PLANS DRAWN) *** The property comprises - Ground Floor - Entrance hall with downstairs shower room to the right, under stairs storage, through to the spacious lounge / dini..."
"LARGE GARDEN! Gloucestershire Property Online are delighted to offer this fantastic 3 bedroom semi detached house, located in a quiet cul-de-sac in Abbeydale. Beautifully presented throughout, the accommodation comprises; Entrance hall, lounge, dining room, modern kitchen, 3 bed..."
"A TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW situated in this desirable location is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Accommodation comprises entrance porch, hall, lounge, kitchen, two bedrooms and bathroom. Additional benefits include gas central heating, upvc double glazing, modern bathroom an..."
THREE STOREY ACCOMODATION- NO ONWARD CHAIN - GARAGE WITH ALLOCATED PARKING A very spacious and versatile family home located on the entrance to Cooper Edge with opening greenery which is adjacent to the property. FULL VIRTUAL TOUR ONLINE
"*** THREE BEDROOM BUNGALOW IN HUCCLECOTE CHAIN FREE*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome to the open market this three bedroom bungalow located in a popular & quiet area of Hucclecote. The accommodation comprises of: Entrance hallway, kitchen, lounge/diner, three be..."
"THREE BEDROOM HOME IN LONGLEVENS ON A CORNER PLOT! MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome to the open market this attractive three bedroom home located on Paygrove Lane, Longlevens. The property offers spacious living space throughout with the added potential to extend (..."
"The Tailor is a beautiful new home complete with OPEN-PLAN kitchen dining area, FRENCH DOORS on to the rear garden and an EN-SUITE to bedroom 1. Situated just 1 from Churchdown village centre, and a 15-minutes' drive to Cheltenham. "
"Located on a brand-new development, The Tailor is a 3-bedroom home with an open-plan kitchen and dining area, a front-facing living room, a modern family bathroom, and an en-suite shower room to bedroom 1."
The Eveleigh is a spacious three-bedroom home. With an open plan kitchen dining room and a spacious lounge stretching the full width of the home to the rear. The living room also has glazed double doors leading to the garden and letting the light in. Upstairs are three good-sized bedro...
"Located on the edge of Brockworth is this three bedroom semi-detached home. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall, living room, modern kitchen/dining room, study and WC to the ground floor. To the first floor you have three bedrooms and family bathroom. Outside th..."
" An EX-SHOW HOME built by Bovis Homes to the MAGNOLIA DESIGN which has never been lived in by the current owners. Accommodation comprises of Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen Diner Downstairs CLOAKROOM, THREE Bedrooms, EN-SUITE to Master Bedroom and a family bathroom. Further benefits include UPV..."
"The Tailor is a beautiful new home complete with OPEN-PLAN kitchen dining area, FRENCH DOORS on to the rear garden and an EN-SUITE to bedroom 1. Situated 1 mile from Churchdown village centre, and a 15-minutes' drive to Cheltenham"
"Located on the Cotswold Chase Development in Brockworth is this three bedroom semi detached house. The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, a downstairs toilet, the kitchen and a spacious family lounge/dining room with French doors to the rear. On the first floor is the master..."
"Built in 2017 and located in this ever popular location, is this 3 bedroom semi detached home, situated equally between Gloucester and Cheltenham alike, so perfect for the commuter. The well maintained property comprises - Ground Floor - Through the front door and into the entrance hall with..."
"*** SPACIOUS 4 BEDROOM MID TERRACE TOWN HOUSE, OPEN PLAN DOWNSTAIRS, INCREDIBLE VIEWS *** Situated on the side of Robinswood Hill, this 4 bedroom Townhouse mid-terrace is now available to view! With far reaching views from the front, located within a desirable cul-de-sac on the fringe of the Mats..."
"A stunning three bedroom semi-detached property situated in the sought after location of Huntsgrove, Hardwicke. This exceptionally well presented three bedroom semi-detached home built by the popular and highly recommended 'David Wilson Homes' two years ago benefits from Three good s..."
"Stunning three bedroom townhouse located in a quiet, friendly neighbourhood with good schools nearby, parks, playgrounds and green spaces across the Kingsway development. Only a 5 minute walk to the bus stop with direct connection to Gloucester City centre and train station, 10 minute walk to sh..."
** Three Bedroom House Situated In A Popular Location Close To The Countryside and Local Amenities ** Master Bedroom with En-Suite ** Enclosed South/ Westerly Facing Rear Garden ** Garage and Off Road Parking ** Remaining NHBC Guarantee ** Call To View:
"This three bedroom detached family home for sale is situated in the sought after location of Quedgeley. The property is located at the tip of a quiet cul-de-sac near school lane and is within close proximity to well-regarded local schools and an array of shops and amenities, making th..."
"A 3 bedroom, semi detached, property with a large garage/workshop, offered for sale with no onward chain."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain, is this modern three bedroom semi detached chalet bungalow. Situated in a highly convenient location close to local amenities and the regular Cheltenham to Gloucester bus service. Internally, the property briefly consists of an entrance hall, refi..."
"The Property Centre is delighted to present to the market this beautifully presented three bedroom townhouse in the Whittle Gardens development, Innsworth. Downstairs the property benefits from a lounge, open plan kitchen/diner, downstairs w/c. On the further two floors there are three bedrooms, ..."
"STUNNING CHAIN FREE two double bedroom DETACHED BUNGALOW on a LEVEL PLOT. Inside the property you have a USEFUL SIDE ENTRANCE PORCH which gives access to the BEAUTIFUL FITTED KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM, the 21ft lounge follows and has a bow window overlooking the cul-de-sac, at the rear yo..."
The Property Centre are delighted to present to the market this spacious and tastefully decorated modern three storey townhouse in the popular Cooper Edge location. Within easy commuting of the M5 and a short walking distance of local amenities this has everything to offer as a family home. 
"The Property Centre are delighted to bring this lovely, three bedroom detached property to the market. Situated in a sort after Hardwicke location, this property benefits from driveway parking, garage and a good size rear garden. Downstairs is an entrance hall, WC, lounge/diner, kitchen and utili..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to bring this fantastic, three bedroom semi-detached property to the market with no onward chain. Built in 2020 by Bovis Homes to 'The Hazel' design, this well appointed property is situated in a popular area of Hardwicke and benefits from driveway parking ..."
"KJT Residential Lydney office are pleased to offer for sale this interesting investment property ideal for a buy to let purchaser or Airbnb investor. Situated in a convenient edge of city location, close to the Gloucester Docks development, the Peel Centre shopping mall, a variety of restaurants..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to bring to the market this two bedroom, extended detached bungalow offering a generous plot tucked away in Tuffley. Presented in good order throughout and offered for sale with no onward chain the property benefits from a re-fitted kitchen, re-fitted bath..."
"*** MODERN 3 BEDROON TOWNHOUSE, WELL PRESENTED, LOCAL AMENITIES *** MICHAEL TUCK ESTATE AGENTS are extremely pleased to welcome to the open market this fabulous and beautifully presented 3 bedroomed terrace, 3 storey town house, located in an enviable position within Innsworth, Whittle Gardens de..."
"A three bedroom detached family home, situated on a larger than average plot in a quiet cul-de-sac location. The property benefits from being within walking distance to an excellent junior school, supermarket and the main Gloucester to Cheltenham bus service. The property itself briefl..."
"This modern three DOUBLE bedroom, three storey, townhouse is situated in the popular Coopers Edge development in Brockworth. The accommodation is arranged over three floors and comprises on the ground floor, entrance hall with valuable storage, double bedroom with access into ensuite ..."
"THREE BEDROOMS - GARAGE WITH DRIVEWAY - CONSERVATORY A well presented three bedroom semi detached family home offering driveway parking, a detached garage, conservatory and a generous garden - FULL VIRTUAL TOUR ONLINE"
"Superbly well-presented Three Bedroom Semi-detached house, located on a very Quiet street in Quedgeley. The current owners have made a large amount of improvements to include, underfloor heating in the Kitchen, Re-fitted En-suite and Family Bathroom, and changing the layout to offer an Open Plan..."
A DETACHED BUNGALOW on a corner plot with potential for significant extension set within a popular and quiet cul de sac Number 7 is a rare example of a detached bungalow on this popular cul de sac development just off Nine Elms Road and the Cheltenham Road approximatley 2 miles to the East of...
"*** Investment Opportunity, FOUR x One Bedroom flats *** Move Estate Agents are delighted to welcome to the market this excellent investment opportunity of four, one bedroom flats offered for sale. All flats benefit from existing tenancy agreements and are sold with tenants in situ, and the flats..."
"***VERSATILE FOUR BEDROOM, THREE STOREY TOWN HOUSE, NO ONWARD CHAIN *** A modern four bedroom terraced property for sale situated in the popular development of Coopers Edge, Brockworth. hyeh This spacious and versatile home is immaculately presented and has been recently r..."
Private living with a sense of community for the over 70's can be found in this beautifully presented top floor retirement apartment offering spacious accommodation with lovely views from both bedrooms and the living area towards Llanthony Secunda Priory and the surrounding grounds. An allocated ...
"As an individual architect designed bungalow in excess of 1000 SQ FT dating back to the 1970's, this property has been loved and looked after by the same family for over 30 years! The bungalow offers lots of potential to update, extend or even have multi generation living (subject to permiss..."
"The Property Centre is delighted to present to the market this chain free three bedroom semi-detached property. The properties accommodation briefly comprises of a lounge, kitchen/diner, downstairs w/c, three bedrooms, two of which are doubles and a bathroom. Further benefits include a garage and..."
"A very WELL MAINTAINED end townhouse in this very POPULAR RESIDENTIAL POSITION Catherine Place is a very popular residential road on this highly sought after moderm development on the northern edge of Gloucester. Good schooling and shops are close by, Gloucester city centre, Cathedral and D..."
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE with a SINGLE GARAGE and a LANDSCAPED GARDEN. Inside the property you have a spacious open plan lounge/diner with French doors to the garden, a fitted kitchen with BUILT IN APPLIANCES and a handy cloakroom. Upstairs you hav..."
This period property is comprised over three floors. As you enter the property into the lovely tiled hallway you have your living room on your right hand side with a bay window to the front and a working fire place. Kitchen/diner to the back of the property with sliding double doors out to ...
"STUNNING THREE BEDROOM END-TERRACE HOUSE WITH TWO PARKING SPACES - INTERGRATED APPLIANCES & VINYL FLOORING TO KITCHEN A beautifully designed 3 bedroom end-terrace house with two parking spaces. The property boasts 991ft2 and comprises of entrance hall with cloakroom, kitchen/dining room and li..."
"REF DHO109: A delightfully positioned home, on the edge of the development, presented in fantastic condition throughout and is the 'Southwold' design by Bovis constructed in 2015, a design offering well balanced rooms ideally suiting couples, singles, and young families. The property i..."
"The modern home is located in a popular and convenient location in Abbeymead with easy access to the local shops amenities and schools in the area. The property has well appointed accommodation throughout and briefly comprises: entrance hall, sitting room, dining room, kitchen, 3 bedr..."
" An EXTENDED Semi Detached with FOUR Bedrooms and THREE Reception Rooms located on the sought after Marlborough Road providing FLEXIBLE accommodation for an incoming purchaser Ground Floor comprises of Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Extended Kitchen, large Utility Room Sun Room and Cloakro..."
"Extended THREE STOREY Townhouse which offers spacious and versatile accommodation. With accommodation consisting of four DOUBLE Bedrooms, Two Reception Rooms (Potential Bedrooms) and Two Bathrooms, this property is sure to attract the BUY TO LET Investor. Offer to the market with No Onward..."
"*** A STUNNING DOUBLE STOREY EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM HOME WITH GARAGE & PARKING*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome NEW TO THE MARKET this exceptionally appointed, extended three bedroom family home located in the ever popular ABBEYMEAD location. On the ground floor..."
*** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM HOME IN HUCCLECOTE WITH LARGE GARDEN & NO CHAIN*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS welcome to the open market this attractive opportunity for first time buyers to purchase this chain free three bedroom property in a popular position. The ac...
A VERY WELL MAINTAINED MODERN TOWNHOUSE IN A LOVELY POSITION CLOSE TO THE CANAL Quayside Way is a very popular residential road situated off Secunda Way within walking distance of Gloucester City centre. Excellent local shopping and many other facilities are very close by and the towpath with...
"Offered with no onward chain is this three-bedroom, semi-detached home set within a prime location, close to local schools, shops, and motorway access. Benefitting from off-road parking and a generously sized private garden, the property offers flexible living accommodation throughout and viewing..."
"A three bedroom extended semi detached property with a south facing rear garden and off road parking for three cars. Internally the accomodation comprises of an entrance hall. downstairs cloakroom, good size 21ft lounge/diner, extended living space leading on to the garden and an extended 16..."
"Robinson David Estate Agents are delighted to present a charming semi-detached dormer style house, an iconic style for the popular area of Hucclecote, Gloucester , which is perfect for those looking for a centrally located family home."
"STUNNING THREE BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE WITH THREE PARKING SPACES - INTEGRATED APPLIANCES & VINYL FLOORING TO KITCHEN A beautifully designed 3 bedroom terrace house with 3 parking spaces. The property boasts 991ft2 and comprises of entrance hall with cloakroom, kitchen/dining room and living roo..."
** Four Bedroom Semi Detached Townhouse ** Master Bedroom with En-Suite ** Flexible and Spacious Accommodation ** Garage and Enclosed Garden ** Convenient Location ** Call To View:
"STUNNING THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE WITH TWO PARKING SPACES - INTEGRATED APPLIANCES & VINYL FLOORING TO KITCHEN. 'The Bohon I' is a 2 storey, 3 bedroom semi-detached property with 2 PARKING SPACES situated on the exclusive Earls Park development and walking distance to Gloucester Outlet..."
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH OPEN PLAN LIVING SPACE AND CONSERVATORY The Property Centre are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom semi detached 1930's house situated in the popular city suburb of Linden. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall,..."
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this larger than average 5 bedroom townhouse. Situated in a popular residential area within the village of Kingsway. The property boasts four double bedrooms and 1 single bedroom with generous living space, cloakroom, bathroom and en-suite. Outside a garden, garage..."
"Offered for sale is this modern end terrace family home, which is situated in a small cul-de-sac location on the edge of Hucclecote. The property itself briefly consists of an entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen and a lounge/dining room with patio doors overlooking an attractive low main..."
"STUNNING THREE BEDROOM END-TERRACE WITH TWO PARKING SPACES - INTEGRATED APPLIANCES & VINYL FLOORING TO KITCHEN. 'The Bohon III' is a 2 storey, 3 bedroom terrace property with 2 PARKING SPACES situated on the exclusive Earls Park development and walking distance to Gloucester Outlet Village bas..."
"Situated on a lovely sized plot and benefitting from a good degree of privacy, we are pleased to bring this three bedroom detached property to the market 'For Sale'. Accommodation comprises 18ft kitchen/diner, 18ft lounge, cloakroom to the ground floor. Whilst upstairs there are three ..."
"A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THREE/FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM TOWN HOUSE! MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome to the market this versatile, popular & well looked after three storey home with 7 years NHBC warranty remaining. The accommodation is currently set up as a three bed but..."
This property requires modernisation but has plenty of potential especially with its large 48ft x 46ft rear and side garden. Downstairs is a lounge diner and kitchen with three bedrooms and a bathroom upstairs. Outside you have a rear and side garden as well as front garden and drivewa...
*** A BEAUTIFUL TWO BEDROOM BUNGALOW ON A CORNER PLOT WITH GARAGE IN HUCCLECOTE*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome to the market this exceptionally well appointed bungalow located in a popular cul-de-sac in Hucclecote. The accommodation comprises of: Entrance hall...
"A well presented 3 bed 3 storey townhouse which is located close to both a green open space and play park. Situated in the heart of Coopers Edge, Grouse Gardens is a stylish townhouse with a modern feel throughout. The property would suit buyers from all genres from first time buyers to an ..."
" Michael Tuck Estate Agents Gloucester are delighted to welcome to the market this exceptionally well presented three bedroom semi-detached home located within a popular area of Gloucester. The accommodation on the ground floor comprises of; Entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner & enclosed rea..."
"SPACIOUS home with open plan kitchen and French doors to the garden. Lounge with HOME OFFICE space. EN SUITE main bedroom, further double bedroom and a single. Comes with parking. Plot 11 | The Maidstone | Winnycroft | Barratt Homes. Full description:
This three bedroom semi detached home can b..."
"Situated in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC location yet close to local amenities and bus routes is this EXTENDED 2 bedroom semi detached bungalow that is being sold with the added benefit of No Onward Chain. The property itself has 2 bedrooms to the front, both share the shower room, whilst the extended acc..."
Robinson David Estate Agents are delighted to present this semi-detached THREE double bedroom home situated within the high demand area of Tuffley in Gloucester.
An ATTRACTIVE 1930'S semi detached FAMILY HOUSE in a popular position Marlborough Road is a very popular residential road of 1930's properties situated just off the Painswick Road close to the Southern ring road. Good local shopping is close by and all facilities are within easy reach. The...
THREE BEDROOMS - SEMI DETACHED - DRIVEWAY PARKING A beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached family home located within a cul-de-sac of Longford. The property has been finished to a high specification where the owner took additional upgrades from new.
A detached FAMILY HOME on a GOOD SIZED South backing corner plot but in NEED OF UPDATING Penny Close is a very popular and small cul de sac situated just off Greyhound Gardens and the Cheltenham Road approximately 2 miles to the East of Gloucester City centre. Some of the areas best schools ...
"*** MODERN 3 BEDROOM MID TERRACE HOUSE, EXTENDED KITCHEN, BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, PART CONVERTED GARAGE *** Perfect starter home for first time buyers or the growing family, this extremely well presented property is light & airy throughout and benefits from a part converted garage which is current..."
"Modern three storey townhouse, commanding a good size plot located on the North side of Gloucester giving great commuter access to the M5, Cheltenham & Gloucester. Step over the threshold into an entrance hall to meet & greet guests, that in turn leads to a usable living room. ..."
"Michael Tuck Estate Agents Quedgeley are delighted to welcome to the market this immaculate three bedroom semi detached townhouse that is situated in Kingsway. In brief the property comprises of; entrance hall, kitchen/breakfast room, downstairs cloakroom, lounge, two double bedrooms, one sing..."
"6 YEAR OLD THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM THREE STOREY SEMI DETACHED HOUSE situated on a level plot within a popular development. Inside the property you have a COMFORTABLE LOUNGE at the front, a FITTED KITCHEN/DINER at the rear overlooking the garden and a handy cloakroom. Upstairs you h..."
Located in a popular cul-de-sac of Abbeymead is this spacious three bedroom semi-detached house. The property is within short driving distance of local amenities and transport links to both Gloucester City Centre and the M5 motorway network. Internally the property comprises of entranc...
"CHAIN FREE - THREE BEDROOMS - TWO RECEPTION ROOMS A three bedroom semi detached family home offered for sale with no onward chain. offering two reception rooms, extended accommodation and a generous rear garden"
"A three bedroom semi detached family home set in a quiet cul de sac location in Abbeymead. The accommodation within the property comprises of entrance hall leading to a separate kitchen, lounge diner and a conservatory leading to an enclosed rear garden. To the first floor are two double be..."
"STUNNING THREE BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE WITH FOUR PARKING SPACES - INTEGRATED APPLIANCES & VINYL FLOORING TO KITCHEN. 'The Bohon III' is a 2 storey, 3 bedroom terrace property with 4 parking spaces situated on the exclusive Earls Park development and walking distance to Gloucester Outlet Village..."
"The Property Centre is delighted to offer for sale this well presented home built by Taylor Wimpey situated in the popular Kingsway development and is close to local amenities. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, cloakroom, fitted kitchen, lounge, master bedroom benefitting from..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, this four bedroom terraced townhouse is located within close proximity to Gloucester City Centre and the Historic Gloucester Docks. Boasting flexible living accommodation throughout, enclosed rear garden along with the potential to create further living..."
"This end of terrace house is tucked away in a convenient and secluded location in the popular Kingsholm area of the city. Kingsholm offers a range of local shops, amenities and schools, as well as excellent access to the city centre, the train station, the bus station and Gloucestersh..."
THREE BEDROOMS - GARAGE WITH DRIVEWAY - GREEN FARM DEVELOPMENT A spacious three bedroom family home which is offered for sale in excellent decorative order throughout and benefits from a garage with driveway parking. FULL VIRTUAL TOUR ONLINE
"The Property Centre welcome to the market ""For Sale"" this very well appointed, modern, three bedroom, end of terrace house situated in the desirable location of Hempsted. Offering well appointed accommodation briefly comprising; generous entrance hall, kitchen, dining room and living ro..."
"***TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW OCCUPYING A GENEROUS CORNER PLOT WITH AMPLE PARKING - CHAIN FREE *** The Property Centre is delighted to welcome to the market this impressive semi detached bungalow situated within a prime and sought after ""Upper Tuffley"" locatio..."
Located on the edge of Brockworth within easy reach of the countryside is this three bedroom semi detached home with views towards Coopers Hill. It offers 3 bedrooms and shower room with separate WC on the first floor with a lounge/diner and kitchen on the ground floor. The property further ...
"Please quote ref DS0168 Three bed semi detached bungalow, a fantastic family home with a lovely garden.
"
Move Estate Agents are delighted to welcome to the market this nearly new three bedroom semi detached house in popular Tuffley. The house is less than two years old and as such comes with the remainder of the builders warranty. The accommodation comprises :- Entrance porch that opens through ...
"Offered for sale with no onward chain, is this well presented three bed semi-detached townhouse, which has an attractive outlook over green spaces. The property is arranged over three floors and consists of a kitchen, downstairs cloakroom, lounge and dining room which has French doors ..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain within the popular Waterfront development, this immaculately presented two double bedroom apartment boasts stunning views over the Gloucester & Sharpness Canal. Further benefitting from generous open plan living accommodation and an allocated parking spa..."
THREE BEDROOMS - CHAIN FREE - CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION - AMPLE DRIVEWAY PARKING Located within a cul-de-sac of Longlevens and available with no onward chain is this deceptively spacious three bedroom bungalow. FULL VITUAL TOUR ONLINE
" Michael Tuck Estate Agents are delighted to welcome to the market this fantastic three bedroom semi detached property that is situated on the popular Tuffley Avenue in Gloucester and offered to the market with No Onward Chain! In brief the property comprises of; entrance porch, entrance ha..."
"This property has a garage and off road parking for 3 cars, was re-wired and had a new boiler installed in 2022 and is located close to St Peters and Homeleigh Park schools. The Property A semi-detached three bedroom home set back off the road with front garden and long driveway providing par..."
"Located in the popular Saintbridge Road, is this well presented 3/4 bedroom home. The property which boasts a generous garage comprises - Ground Floor - Entrance hall, stairs to first floor and under stairs storage, front aspect lounge / diner and through to a breakfast room, with door to re..."
"*** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED STARTER HOME WITH GARAGE & GENEROUS SIZE REAR GARDEN*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS welcome to the open market this fantastically appointed three bedroom home with open plan living, garage & parking. The accommodation comprises of: Entrance hallway, cloakroom..."
"CHAIN FREE very well presented and extended three bedroom semi detached house. Inside the property there is a LIGHT LOUNGE at the front that leads via double doors to the WELL FITTED KITCHEN/DINER, the UPVC DOUBLE GLAZED CONSERVATORY is off the kitchen via patio doors, finally downstairs..."
"A SPACIOUS AND WELL PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM END TERRACE FAMILY HOME having MASTER BEDROOM with EN-SUITE, ENCLOSED GARDENS, SIX YEAR NHBC GUARANTEE REMAINING, OFF ROAD PARKING, situated in a POPULAR VILLAGE LOCATION."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this extended two bedroom semidetached bungalow conveniently located within walking distance of local amenities and on a bus route. The property has been well maintained and offers generous accommodation throughout comprising of an entrance hall, 17f..."
"SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING The Property Centre are delighted to welcome to the market this well appointed family home. The property is located within short walks of local schools, shops and other local amenities. The accommod..."
"Move Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this extended family home in ever popular kingsway area. Offered in immaculate condition and in close proximity to a plethora of local shops, schools and amenities as well benefitting from excellent links into Cheltenham and Gloucester a..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to bring this beautifully presented, three bedroom semi-detached property to the market. Situated in a great location with local schools and amenities on the doorstep, as well as convenient access to the M5 this property is not to be missed. Downstai..."
"Situated on the popular Copeland Park development in Tuffley, is this three bedroom, three storey townhouse with a garage and parking. Accommodation comprises of kitchen/breakfast room and WC on the ground floor. On the first floor there is a lounge and bedroom three (with built in wardrobes..."
This property is situated in a pleasant cul-de-sac location in popular Longlevens. It has been in the same family ownership since the 1930's and so would now benefit from a comprehensive programme of modernisation and improvement. The accommodation briefly comprises: entra...
"The property Centre are delighted to welcome this three bedroom family home in the sought after location of Tuffley. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, lounge, downstairs cloakroom, kitchen/diner with doors leading to enclosed rear garden. The first floor boasts three g..."
"Gloucestershire Property Online are pleased to offer to market this fantastic 3 bedroom link detached house located in Kingsway. Marketed as CHAIN FREE, this spacious, property comprises: Entrance hall, WC, lounge, dining room, modern kitchen, 3 bedrooms (with ensuite to master) and a fa..."
"SPACIOUS home with open plan kitchen and French doors to the garden. Light and airy lounge and lots of STORAGE space. EN SUITE main bedroom, further double bedroom and a single. Comes with parking. Plot 414 | The Ellerton | Winnycroft | Barratt Homes. Full description:
This three bedroom mid te..."
"An attractive well maintained SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW which has been set in a QUIET POSITION Snowdon Gardens is a popular no through road situated just off the Cheltenham Road East on the outskirts of the popular village of Churchdown. Cheltenham, the M5 and Gloucester are all within easy rea..."
"The Property Centre is delighted to present to the market this beautifully modernised three bedroom detached house, with No Onward Chain, in Brockworth. Accommodation comprises of a kitchen/diner, lounge, utility room, downstairs shower room, Three bedrooms two of which are doubles and..."
"CGT sales are pleased to present to the market this three bedroom semi-detached home situated in Innsworth. Benefitting from a LARGE SOUTHERLY FACING GARDEN, this bright and airy property is conveniently located set back from Innsworth Lane and offers the new owner an exciting opportunity to put ..."
"EXTENDED TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW situated in a desirable location and is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN The accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge, extended dining room, kitchen, two bedrooms and shower room. Additional benefits include gas fired central heating,..."
"YOPA are pleased to offer this SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM TERRACED FAMILY HOUSE with PRIVATE GARDEN for sale. Located in the popular Deans Walk, within easy walking distance of Gloucester City centre, and also with good local schools and other local facilities all close at hand."
"This well presented three bedroom semi-detached family home has a converted garage that gives the benefit of a kitchen diner to the property and externally a driveway for two cars. Situated in a quiet residential position the accommodation comprises; entrance hall, kitchen diner, loun..."
" NO ONWARD CHAIN MICHAEL TUCK ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome to the market this immaculate Two DOUBLE Bedroom Extended Semi Detached Bungalow situated down a quiet no through road in Hardwicke! The property comprises of Entrance Porch/Utility Room, Modern Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Lo..."
" Michael Tuck Estate Agents Gloucester are delighted to bring to the market an excellent Investment opportunity. Currently divided into 4 Apartments, we are selling TWO spacious Apartments and the Freehold Interest. Flat 2 & Flat 3 both comprise of Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen, Shower Room a..."
"YOPA are pleased to offer this SEMI-DETACHED 3 BEDROOM HOUSE with PRIVATE GARDEN, GARAGE & DRIVEWAY for sale. This well presented family house is located Pevensey Place, in a quiet cul-de-sac in the popular Kingsway area of Gloucester, with good local facilities all close at hand."
"Martin & Co are delighted to offer this modern 3 bedroom home in the sought after location of Longlevens, ideally situated for access to Cheltenham, Gloucester city centre and M5 access for commuters.In brief the property comprises; Entrance hall, downstairs W/C, modern fitted kitchen, lounge..."
"The Potter is a beautiful new home complete with OPEN-PLAN living/dining area with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden, a modern fitted kitchen, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and EN-SUITE to bedroom 1."
"Situated one mile from CHURCHDOWN VILLAGE CENTRE and 15 minutes' drive from CHELTENHAM, the Azalea benefits from off-road PARKING for up to 2 cars, a generous OPEN-PLAN living area, separate kitchen and TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS. "
"The Property Centre are delighted to bring to the market this two bedroom semi-detached bungalow which has been re-furbished throughout by the current owners and finished to an excellent standard. The property has been re-wired, has a new heating system, newly fitted kitchen with built in ap..."
"Substantial and versatile three double bedroom period semi detached townhouse with parking. The Property Centre is delighted to offer ""For Sale"" this well presented family home situated on a no through road. Offering generous accommodation arranged over three floors the acco..."
"REF - LW0607 A wonderful 3 DOUBLE bedroom semi detached home situated in the popular area of Golden Vale. This property is an ideal family home and has been very well maintained. The property is conveniently located close to outstanding schools and great local amenities.
"
** Three Bedroom Semi Detached House with No Onward Chain ** Spacious Accommodation In Need Of Modernisation ** Enclosed Garden ** Garage and Ample Off Road Parking ** Call To View:
" Well Presented three bedroom semi detached property in a quiet road on the sought after Hunts Grove Development in Hardwicke! In brief the property comprises of; entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen/diner, two double bedrooms, one single bedroom, modern fitted bathroom and en-suite to..."
"A beautifully presented 3 bedroom semi detached home in this ever popular area with large conservatory offering a generous hallway, lounge open plan to dining room, double doors to the conservatory, fitted kitchen, sperate toilet to the main bathroom, UPVC double glazing, gas central heating, new..."
SELLARS BRIDGE DEVELOPMENT - NO ONWARD CHAIN - ALLOCATED PARKING A very well presented three bedroom family home located on the sought after Sellars Bridge development. offered for sale with two allocated parking spaces and chain free.
"*** NO ONWARD CHAIN! 3 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED, GREAT SIZE REAR GARDEN, PERFECT FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR A GROWING FAMILY *** Michael Tucks Estate Agents are pleased to welcome to the market this great size 3 bedroom semi-detached house, offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN!! This property has been extreme..."
"*** 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY, FANTASTIC FAR-REACHING VIEWS, DESIRABLE LOCATION, GARAGE, CHAIN-FREE ***MICHAEL TUCK ESTATE AGENTS are very pleased to present this fabulous opportunity to purchase this CHAIN-FREE 3 bedroomed semi-detached property, located just underneath the slopes of Robi..."
"***THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME IN QUEDGELEY*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS welcome to the market this attractively priced detached family home in a quiet & popular cul-de-sac in Quedgeley. The accommodation comprises of: Entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen/diner, three bedrooms & bathr..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to offer to the market for sale this beautifully presented three bedroom semi-detached home in Abbeydale. Within close proximity to Heron Primary School, shopping and medical amenities, the property has a lot to offer. The Property has undergone a com..."
"THREE BEDROOMS - LOW MAINTENANCE GARDEN - EN-SUITE - VIRTUAL TOUR ONLINE Offered for sale in beautiful condition is this spacious three bedroom property. Master with En-suite and built in wardrobes, enclosed rear garden and parking for serval vehicles."
"Representing a unique opportunity to acquire a move-in ready semi-detached property in Gloucester, this home is ideal for any house hunter looking for a stress-free move into a highly desirable location. With no modernisation required, this attractive home will provide a huge range of benefits t..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain this rarely available two double bedroom apartment is offered to the market. Boasting a generous amount of living space and large balcony offering views toward May Hill, viewing is highly advised for residential buyers and investors alike with a potentia..."
"The Property Centre is delighted to bring to the market this lovely property situated in the popular area of Hunts Grove. The accommodation comprises an entrance hallway, cloakroom, living room, kitchen/diner. Upstairs is a lovely master bedroom with ensuite, two further bedrooms and ..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this three bedroom semi detached property with off road parking and a good size rear garden. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, 23ft lounge/diner, conservatory and kitchen on the ground floor. Upstairs there are three good size bedrooms and..."
"LARGELY EXTENDED BAY FRONTED VICTORIA HOUSE situated in a popular convenient location with a 50FT REAR GARDEN, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, ONE SINGLE BEDROOM, open plan lounge/diner, fitted kitchen/diner with built in appliances, DOWNSTAIRS SHOWER ROOM and UPSTAIRS BATHROOM"
"Excellence in over 50's living in a community full of friendly faces. Orchard Park offers an independent, worry-free lifestyle, providing more time for enjoyment, relaxation and travel. The beautiful Oakgrove Waverton with low maintenance exterior, will give you the time to focus on the more..."
BRAND NEW Oakgrove Waverton (42'x22') | FULLY-FURNISHED | Two Double Bedrooms | Garage with power | Exclusive for over 50s | Modern Fitted Kitchen | Community living with like minded people | Highly sought-after location | Safe and Secure | Pet Friendly | Part Exchange Available
The Property Centre are delighted to offer to the market this modern three bedroom end of terraced property. Located in a popular cul-de-sac of Hucclecote this property is within a short drive or walk of local amenities and transport links. This is an ideal property for first time buyers or even ...
"Move Estate Agents are delighted to welcome to the market this Spacious Four Bedroom semi detached period home in popular Linden. Offered for sale with no onward chain but in need of a complete overhaul, this house will make a fantastic property when finished. The accommodation comprises :- En..."
"*** GREAT SIZE 4 BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE, CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION, SPACIOUS LIVING SPACE *** This property is position tucked away at the end of a cul-de-sac in Abbeydale, conveniently located to all local amenities such as, schools and bus routes. The accommodation is spacious throughout and is generously..."
"*** THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME, CHAIN FREE, WITH 2 PARKING SPACES AND MASTER BEDROOM EN-SUITE *** This 3 bedroom semi-detached home is very well presented internally, as you enter the property into the hallway the stairs are in front of you and door leading into the living room w..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** A three bedroom semi-detached townhouse for sale in the popular Kingsway development. This spacious property is arranged over three floors offering versatile living accommodation, throughout. The property benefits from 3 sizeable bedrooms and a generou..."
"Move Estate Agents are delighted to welcome to the market this spacious town house positioned in a popular cul de sac close to local amenities, shops and schools. This property is tucked away at the end of a cul-de-sac in Abbeydale, and is generously proportioned over 3 floors. The accommoda..."
"A fantastic opportunity has arisen to purchase this two bedroom bungalow in Tuffley. On entering the property via the car porch there is a welcoming entrance hall which leads into a large, light and spacious living room, with bi-folding doors leading to the large enclosed garden. The ki..."
" NO ONWARD CHAIN! Immaculate three Double bedroom Townhouse that is situated down a quiet no through road on the ever popular Copeland Park Development in Tuffley and is offered to the market with No Onward Chain! In brief the property comprises of; entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, mod..."
"Available in mid and end terrace - The Potter is a beautiful new home complete with OPEN-PLAN living/dining area with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden, a modern fitted kitchen, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and EN-SUITE to bedroom 1."
A superb two bedroom apartment with a kitchen/dining/living room and bathroom in the heart of Gloucester city centre
Located down a small CUL DE SAC commanding a good size plot is this modern much loved semi detached BUNGALOW. Your viewing starts under a large storm porch then into an entrance hall where all rooms lead from. Comprising of three good sized bedrooms serviced by a modern shower room. T...
" An End Terraced DOUBLE FRONTED property offering an ideal INVESTMENT for an incoming purchaser with potential DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITIES.Currently configured to the Ground Floor are FOUR ROOMS and a Utility/Storage Room & Cloakroom. Upstairs provides a 20ft DUAL ASPECT Room, Further Room, Kitch..."
Taylors Estate Agents welcome to the market this two bedroom semi-detached bungalow situated in the sought after location of Abbeydale. This well appointed two bedroom bungalow is offered to the market for sale and is well presented throughout. The property occupies a good sized plot a...
"Occupying a cul-de-sac position is this well presented three bedroom extended semi detached property situated in the popular Robinswood area of Gloucester. The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, 15ft kitchen/diner and utility room on the ground floor. Upstairs th..."
"The Property Centre is delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom semi detached house built by Westbury homes to the Sutton design. The property is situated in the popular Kingsway development. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen/diner, ensuite to ..."
"This three bedroom property is situated in the popular location of Wells Road, Gloucester. This property really is a rare find due to the generous plot that it has to offer. Situated in a popular location, this property would make a lovely family home and is within close proximity to shops, a gym..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to offer to the market, this three bedroom terraced house in a quiet cul-de-sac location and is within walking distance of the popular Barnwood Arboretum, the property is also CHAIN FREE. Upon entering the property through the front door, there is entr..."
"The Property Centre is delighted to present to the market this three bedroom semi-detached property located in the heart of Brockworth. Accommodation comprises of a kitchen/diner, lounge, cloakroom, three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Further benefits include a garden with side access and off r..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to offer ""For Sale"" this three bedroom semi detached house tucked away in Arundel Close, a quiet cul-de-sac in Tuffley. Offering generous living accommodation, as well as a large driveway, this would make an excellent family home. The accomm..."
***BEAUTIFUL THREE BEDROOM HOME IN ABBEYDALE*** MURDOCK & WASLEY welcome to the market this well presented three bedroom semi detached property located on Stanmoor in Abbeydale. The accommodation offers generous space for first time buyers or growing families. On the ground floor we have...
"This very well presented family home has been modernised by the current vendors to include a new kitchen, bathroom, windows and doors. The living space briefly comprising; welcoming entrance hall, inviting lounge diner and along the hallway is the newly fitted kitchen with quartz stone wor..."
"In a quiet corner of Hucclecote, this two bedroom semi-detached bungalow with NO ONWARD CHAIN offers excellent opportunity for some modernisation. A pleasant front garden with driveway leads to the front door and into an entrance hall. Two bedrooms sit at the front of the property with a bathr..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain, KJT Residential are pleased to offer for sale this lovely semi detached bungalow, the property benefits from 2 double bedrooms, 10ft fitted kitchen, conservatory and wet room, the property further benefits from a garage, off road parking for several vehicles..."
"Investment Opportunity - 3 individual 1 bedroom flats with parking. All the flats are currently let and giving a rental yield in excess of 7%. Each flat has, lounge and kitchen area with a double bedroom and bathroom and gas central heating. The property is located within a close distance to amen..."
"A three bedroom mid terrace family home located in a cul-de-sac location in Quedgeley, benefitting from an enclosed rear garden and allocated off road parking. "
A surprisingly GOOD SIZED end terrace VICTORIAN TOWNHOUSE which has been well maintained and recently improved Deans Walk is a very popular and highly convenient residential road situated just to the North of Gloucester city centre. All the City's facilities are within walking distance and ...
"Morgan Associates is delighted to offer 'For Sale' this charming two-bedroom bungalow offered CHAIN FREE in the sought after cul-de-sac, Rodney Close. Rodney Close is a quiet cul-de-sac situated off Oxtalls Drive and Oxtalls Way, a very popular part of Longlevens."
"Ideally located just 15 minutes' drive from CHELTENHAM, and 12 minutes from GLOUCESTER STATION, the joiner is a brand new home featuring an OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with FRENCH DOORS on to the rear GARDEN, a spacious lounge. "
"Comfortable home with OPEN PLAN KITCHEN and French doors to the garden. A lounge, cloakroom and some handy understairs STORAGE completes the ground floor. Upstairs you'll find TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and a bathroom. Comes with parking. Plot 417 | The Roseberry | Winnycroft | Barratt Homes. Full des..."
"This very well appointed, semi detached bungalow, in the always popular city suburb of Abbeydale is welcomed to the market Chain Free. The accommodation is approached via a generous driveway and briefly comprises; entrance hall, bathroom, two bedrooms, living room, kitchen and a sunroo..."
*** FANTASTIC PLOT- THREE BEDROOM HOME IN ABBEYDALE*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS offer to the market this attractive opportunity for first time buyers to purchase this generous size three bedroom property located on a good size plot in Abbeydale. The accommodation comprises of:...
 IDEAL INVESTMENT PROPERTY – 3 FLATS - CLOSE TO GLOUCESTER DOCKS Michael Tuck Estate Agents Gloucester are pleased to bring to the market a Grade II Listed Victorian Townhouse located in close proximity to Gloucesters Historic Docks which has been split into THREE APARTMENTS (2 x One Bedr...
Well proportioned semi-detached bungalow with good size private rear garden and off road parking for two cars. The garden has a sunny aspect and is surrounded by other bungalows so affords a good deal of privacy and local shops and a main bus route are all within walking distance. The Property...
"Located in the popular area of Kingsholm, this three bedroom terraced property has much to offer residential buyers and investors alike offering a potential rental income of £895 pcm. Further benefitting from generous living accommodation and an enclosed rear garden, viewing is highly advised."
"THREE/FOUR BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE IN SOUGHT AFTER TUFFLEY LOCATION OFFERED CHAIN FREE The Property Centre are delighted to welcome to the market this fantastic family home which offers an abundance of living space. The property is located within short walks of local schools, shop..."
"Move Estate Agents are delighted to market this exquisitely refurbished Victorian house in the heart of Churchdown Village, now arranged as ten, one and two-bedroom apartments. Each apartment has been sculpted in its own way and finished to a high standard throughout by the well-renowned develope..."
A very well MAINTAINED three storey TOWNHOUSE on the Northern edge of Gloucester offering practical accommodation Longford Mews is a small cul de sac of residential properties situated just off the Tewkesbury Road just over 1 mile to the North of Gloucester City centre. Access to the Northern...
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this extended four bedroom semi detached property offering generous accomodation throughout Accomodation comprises of an entrance hall, 27ft lounge, 15ft dining room, 12ft kitchen and a shower room on the ground floor. Upstairs there are three bedroom..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this extended semi detached period property which is need of complete refurbishment but has ample living space and three generous size bedrooms. The property itself briefly consists of an entrance hall, bay fronted living room, extended open plan kitc..."
"The property Centre are delighted to offer ""For Sale"" this nicely presented, three bedroom semi detached house situated along the always popular Marlborough Road in Gloucester. This fantastic home would make an ideal first time buy. The accommodation briefly comprises of an ..."
"**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** KJT Residential are pleased to offer for salethis substantial semi detached family home, the property benefits from 3double bedrooms, separate reception room, fitted kitchen and downstairsfamily bathroom, the property further benefits from gas centralheating, double gla..."
"A GOOD SIZED semi detached house built in the 1950's on this very POPULAR DEVELOPMENT The property offers good sized accommodation in this very popular position and has the benefits of gas central heating, double glazing and to the exterior good sized gardens and parking for 2/3 cars to the ..."
"This semi-detached house is situated in a no through road in popular Linden. As you enter the property there is a useful covered porch which leads into the property. Downstairs there is also the sitting room, dining rom, kitchen and bathroom. On the first floor there are thr..."
"***THREE ONE BEDROOM APARTMENTS ON THE OUTSKIRTS OF GLOUCESTER QUAYS*** ***INVESTORS ONLY*** We are delighted to welcome to the open market this sure to be popular, exciting opportunity to purchase these three one bedroom apartments with potential for Air Bnb serviced flat oppor..."
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED - LOW MAINTENACE GARDEN- OPENPLAN LIVING A individually built detached property offering bright and spacious accommodation over two floors with an impressive open plan, lounge/diner and kitchen across the ground floor. Benefiting two parking spaces and a low maintenance ..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to offer ""For Sale"" this exceptional modern townhouse. Located a stones throw away from Gloucester city centre and the popular Gloucester Quays development, this well appointed house would make an ideal first time buy. The versatile living s..."
"BAY FRONTED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN SOUGHT AFTER LINDEN The Property Centre are delighted to offer ""For Sale"" this lovely four bedroom, semi-detached, family home situated in popular Linden. Ideally positioned within close proximity to high achieving seconda..."
A WELL PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM HOME IN A QUIET & POPULAR LOCATION CHAIN FREE! MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS welcome to the open market this nicely presented end terrace property located in Hempsted. The property offers generous living space & is free flowing throughout & perfectly suite...
A very well MAINTAINED end of terrace house of good proportions OVERLOOKING A LOVELY GREEN Robinswood Gardens is a small quiet and hidden cul de sac situated just off Reservoir Road and the Stroud Road approximately 2 miles to the South of Gloucester City centre. Local shopping and schools a...
Apartment 5 Whitefriars is a newly constructed two bedroom apartment with a private balcony accessible from the second bedroom and living space. Whitefriars is a state-of-the-art residential development brought to Gloucester by Reef Group in partnership with Gloucester City Council. The developm...
"REF DH0109; For sale through the modern method of auction is this three bed family home situated in the heart of Tuffley, having undergone a programme of refurbishment and offers beautifully presented, well balanced accommodation throughout. The accommodation consists of enclosed entrance..."
REF DH0109: A fantastic 3 bed starter home is this popular part of Tuffley offering well presented accommodation that is bright and spacious with a large rear garden and parking. The home offers an enclosed porch leading to the entrance hall. The large living room is comfortable and cosy in eq...
"SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN SOUGHT AFTER LINDEN LOCATION The Property Centre are delighted to welcome to the market this good size, well presented three bedroom m semidetached property. The property is located close to popular schools, amenities and tran..."
"THREE BEDROOM END TERRACE - ALLOCATED PARKING - SECLUDED POSITION Located in the corner of a cu-de-sac offering allocated parking, conservatory & three bedrooms. This property is also available with no onward chain"
"EweMove Exclusive - Looking for your first home, or maybe a downsize? Check out this beautifully presented, semi-detached house in a popular Gloucester location, with 2 double bedrooms, a lounge and a stunning extended kitchen/diner/living space, plus a 120ft+ garden!"
Move Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this rarely available detached bungalow in Tuffley. Available with no onward chain and tucked away at the end of the cul de sac the bungalow provides an entrance hallway with doors off to all rooms. The two bedrooms can be located at the...
"Gloucestershire Property Online are delighted to offer this light and airy three bedroom end-terrace house, positioned within a secluded cul-de-sac in Quedgeley, Gloucester. Spacious, this property is perfectly suited to first time buyers, investors and those looking for their next family home, w..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** A modern terraced home situated in ever popular Kingsholm, the property benefits from 3 double bedrooms, 13ft living room, 10ft kitchen and family bathroom, the property further benefits from garage, off road parking and gardens. EARLY VIEWING ESSENTIAL."
"In a quiet corner of Hucclecote, this surprisingly spacious two bedroom bungalow comes to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN and would benefit from some modernisation and updating. A driveway leads to the front door and into an entrance hall. Two double bedrooms sit at the front of the property ..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to bring this two bedroom property with driveway parking and a garage to the market. Situated in the heart of Quedgeley, this lovely property comprises an entrance hall, spacious lounge, kitchen with a door leading to the garden, two bedrooms and a fa..."
"MICHAEL TUCK ESTATE AGENTS are pleased to welcome to the market this lovely two bedroom semi-detached property that is situated on a popular no through road in Quedgeley! In brief the property comprises of; spacious lounge, kitchen/breakfast room, two bedrooms, bathroom and en-suite to bedroom..."
"RETIREMENT PROPERTY: A well-presented two-bedroom apartment on the first floor, overlooking the front of Queen Anne Court. This property is truly stunning."
 A GOOD SIZED EDWARDIAN SEMI DETACHED HOUSE IN NEED OF UPDATING. Ebor Road is a small and quiet cul-de-sac situated off Armscroft Road and the Barnwood Road approximately a mile to the east of the city centre. The property is within walking distance of the hospital and Cheltenham and the M5 a...
"CHAIN FREE end of terrace home in need of modernisation with DETACHED GARAGE. Inside, you have a spacious sitting room, kitchen/diner and downstairs cloakroom. Stairs lead off the entrance hall to the first floor with three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Outside, there is a p..."
"Coming to the market with the benefit of NO ONWARD CHAIN, this period home has accommodation set over three floors and briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, a through lounge/diner, kitchen, downstairs shower room, 3 bedrooms, upstairs WC and a loft conversion/bedroom 4. Outside there is a pleasant re..."
A well presented three bedroom terraced property located in a cul-de-sac location in Quedgeley. The property benefits from two allocated parking spaces. This property is well suited to a variety of buyers and in particular both first time buyers and inve...
"*** A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED STARTER HOME IN HUCCLECOTE*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS welcome to the market this extremely well appointed two bedroom home which is positioned in a popular position in Hucclecote. The accommodation comprises of: Entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen/diner, ..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to bring this three bedroom terrace property to the market with no onward chain. Situated in a popular, non-estate location in Quedgeley this property benefits from three double bedrooms, driveway parking and a garage. The garden is also a great size..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to offer ""For Sale"" this modern terrace house situated in the ever popular city suburb of Abbeymead. The property has good transport links to the M5 motorway as well as bus routes to Gloucester City Centre. Internally the property briefly co..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to bring this stunning two bedroom, semi-detached property to the market. Built in 2016, this property is situated in a quiet area of Kingsway and is close to local schools and amenities. The downstairs accommodation comprises a spacious hallway, wc, ..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to welcome to the market this fantastic bungalow set on a generous plot. The property is located within short walks to local shops, excellent transport links and other local amenities. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, kitchen, generou..."
THREE BEDROOM HOME IN NEED OF MODERNISING- HUGE POTENTIAL!! MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS welcome to the market this exciting opportunity to purchase this chain free three bedroom home located in a quiet & extremely popular location. The accommodation offers generous living space & if y...
"*** 3 BEDROOM MID TERRACE, GARAGE, CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION *** Michael Tuck Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market a THREE BEDROOM mid terraced property located down a quiet cul-de-sac in Robinswood. The property comprises of Lounge / Diner, Kitchen, Two DOUBLE bedrooms and a single bedro..."
" A Spacious THREE Bedroom Terraced House with TWO Reception Rooms and an EXTENDED Kitchen. Accommodation to the ground floor comprises of Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen and Family Bathroom. Upstairs provides three bedrooms and a Separate W.C Further benefits include UPVC Double G..."
" An ideal INVESTMENT Opportunity with accommodation over THREE floors offering FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS with a Potential of FIVE Bedrooms. Ground Floor comprises of Entrance Hall, Lounge/Bedroom Five, Dining Room, Kitchen and Bathroom, Whilst to the first floor are Two Bedrooms and a shower room an..."
Ideally located within the popular development of Friars Orchard in the heart of Gloucester City Centre is this beautifully presented two double bedroom top floor apartment. Benefitting from open-plan living accommodation with multiple Juliet balconies providing stunning views towards Gloucester ...
This two bedroom end of terrace house is well located in Abbeymead with excellent access to major local transport links. A front garden with driveway parking leads to the front door and into an entrance hall. The kitchen is to the front of the property while the living room overlooks the plea...
"*** PERFECT STARTER HOME*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to welcome for sale this exciting opportunity for first time buyers to purchase this well presented, two double bedroom semi detached home with a garage. The accommodation internally comprises of: Entrance hallway, ..."
"*** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM TERRACE HOME IN A QUIET CUL-DE-SAC*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AGENTS offer NEW TO THE MARKET this exciting opportunity for FIRST TIME BUYERS to purchase this spacious, extended terrace home situated in a sought after cul-de-sac. The accommodation comprises of..."
"*** MODERN TWO BEDROOM TERRACE HOUSE WITH GARDEN AND ALLOCATED PARKING IN HUCCLECOTE CUL DE SAC *** This property is located in the ever popular location of Hucclecote, close to local shopping amenities and transport links including access to the M5 motorway. Internally the..."
"The Property Centre is delighted to present to the market this generous two bedroom house located in Churchdown. Accommodation comprises of a lounge, kitchen-diner, two double bedrooms and a family bathroom. Outside the property boasts off street parking, garage and a rear garden with ..."
"*** 2 BEDROOM END TERRACE, POPULAR LOCATION, OFF ROAD PARKING *** Located in the extremely popular area of Abbeymead, this lovely presented 2 bedroom end terrace property is now on the market, perfect for a first time buyer or investment opportunity. Conveniently located to numerous amenities suc..."
Available to anyone over 60 this ground floor floor apartment is situated within a gated development just off the canal path with easy access to The Quays and Sainsburys and has its own private patio. The Property Ideal for those looking to downsize but requiring spacious rooms this one bedr...
"A warm welcome to Scudamore place, built in 2021 this modern apartment is exclusively for the over 60's being able to maintain independent living. This McCarthy & Stone development offers a stylish lounge, guest suite and house manager, with the added benefits of increased security and low mainte..."
The Property Centre are delighted to offer to the market this recently modernised property located in a popular Matson location. The property has also been extended to the front to create additional downstairs living space and further living facilities. Downstairs the property compris...
"The Property Centre are delighted to present to the market,with No Onward Chain, this well presented three bedroom property in the heart of Churchdown. This property offers kitchen/diner, lounge, three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Further benefits include a garden, garage and off road parking...."
"Great investment property. Crica £23,000 per annum income. Currently configured as two apartments within a terraced property and an additional converted garage with a kitchen and bathroom. Youtube video tour. Chain free. Vacant possession."
"Barney Estates and Auctioneers are delighted to bring to market approximately 7 acres of roadside land. The property is situated in Upper Rea, on the outskirts of the beautiful village Hempsted, Gloucestershire. The land is not in Green belt and benefits from vehicular access off Rea Lane. The..."
"The Property Centre is delighted to offer for sale this two double bedroom semi-detached house situated in the popular Kingsway development. The property is situated in a cul de sac location. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen, ensuite master, further double ..."
"Positioned in the peaceful cul-de-sac of Crescentdale in the popular residential location of Longford, this property has much to offer prospective buyers. With generous living accommodation, an enclosed rear garden and a driveway with parking for two vehicles, viewing is highly advised for both r..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this very well presented two bedroom property located close to the City Centre. The terraced house is tucked away in a private courtyard just off London Road, and within walking distance of many local amenities including Gloucestershire Royal Hospital. "
"This well presented family home is ideally located  in Quedgeley. with a range of local amenities on hand with restaurants, bars, shops and a good selection of local schools to cater for all ages, there are good road and public transport links to the city centre where there can also be ..."
"A three bedroom semi detached bungalow offered for sale with no onward chain. The accommodation briefly compromises of an entrance hall, 18ft lounge, three bedrooms and a modern kitvchen and bathroom. To the rear is a generous garden,whilst to the front is a driveway providing ample of..."
"CGT sales would like to welcome to the market this fantastic two bedroom apartment with views over Gloucester Docks, With secure gated access with telephone entry, stairs or lift leading you to the front door. Located on the 3rd floor once inside there is an open plan living area with a built-in..."
Move Estate Agents are delighted to welcome to the market this four bedroom semi detached house spread over three floors. Offered for sale with no onward chain the accommodation comprises :- Entrance hallway with stairs rising to the first floor. Off the hallway a door leads into the open plan...
" Michael Tuck Estate Agents Quedgeley are delighted to welcome to the market this fantastic two double bedroom semi detached property that is situated on a private cul-de-sac in Kingsway! In brief the property comprises of; entrance hall, downstairs cloak room, kitchen, lounge/diner, two do..."
This property has been recently refurbished by its current owners and comes to the market with no onward chain. Armscroft Road situated in a no through road in a quiet location. The city centre is a short drive and you have great access to Cheltenham. The property itself consists of 2 reception r...
The Property Centre is delighted to present to the market this well presented modernised two bedroom terrace house in Churchdown. The property benefits from an a new kitchen and bathroom and two bedrooms. Outside the property boasts a rear garden and parking. The property is located c...
"Located in a cul-de-sac position this two bedroom terraced property with garage and driveway is marketed CHAIN FREE and viewings are highly recommended as it will be of popular interest. The property comprises of entrance hall, kitchen to the front of the property and lounge dining roo..."
"SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM PROPERTY situated within a popular part of Tuffley close to local amenities. Inside you have 17FT LOUNGE at the front with a pleasant outlook, the FITTED KITCHEN/DINER is at the rear and leads to the handy utility room. Upstairs you have three excellent be..."
"**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** Offered for sale with long term tenant insitu (10 years), situated in ever popular kingsholm the propertybenefits from 2 double bedrooms, 22ft lounge/dining room, 10ft fittedkitchen, upstairs bathroom & downstairs W.C, the property furtherbenefits from double glazing, g..."
"Tucked away, enjoying a front aspect onto green space is this three bedroom terraced property offering good size accomodation throughout. Accommodation comprises of lounge, kitchen/diner and a utility room on the ground floor. Upstairs there are three bedrooms and a bathroom. The proper..."
"PLEASE EMAIL YOUR ENQUIRY IN THE FIRST INSTANCE - A period terrace property located within walking distance of the town centre and transport routes. The accommodation offers entrance hall, living room open to dining room, kitchen, garden/utility room, a large bathroom and two bedrooms on the fir..."
"**IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY/INVESTMENT** Situated in ever popular kingsholm, KJTResidential are pleased to offer for sale this lovely older style terracedhome, the propertybenefits from 2 double bedrooms, 22ft lounge/dining room, 10ft modern fittedkitchen, upstairs bathroom & downstairs W.C, the prope..."
"National Residential are delighted to offer this spacious 4-bedroom terrace property, which is situated in the desirable location of The Forge in Hempstead, Gloucester. This property is spread across 3 floors, offering ample space for families and professionals alike."
"Accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge, separate dining room and kitchen on the ground floor, whilst upstairs there are two double bedrooms, inner lobby with shelving through to family bathroom. Outside there is an enclosed courtyard to the front with side access leading to an e..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, this characterful two bedroom apartment is situated within the Grade II listed building of Double Reynolds within the heart of the ever popular Gloucester Docks. Further benefitting from a secure allocated parking space and basement storage, viewing is ..."
"Move Sales & Lettings are delighted to bring to the market this three bedroom terraced house offered for sale with no onward chain. The house, located in popular Robinswood and just a short walk from the hill itself also boasts a garage and driveway. Entering through the front door you find y..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, this two bedroom end of terrace home would make the perfect investment or first time buy. With potential to extend (subject to planning), this property is positioned on a corner plot offering both side and rear gardens and off road parking. ..."
Coming soon. NEW 2-bedroom apartments at Perrybrook.
"YOPA are please to offer this TWO BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE with FURTHER LOFT ROOM and PRIVATE REAR GARDEN for sale. This well presented two bedroom family house is located in Highworth Road in Gloucester, with local schools and other excellent local facilities all within a short walk away."
"***THREE BEDROOM END TERRACED PROPERTY FOR SALE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN*** Taylors Estate Agents welcome to the market this impressive three bedroom end terraced property occupying a superb corner plot. If you are a family or couple that love to entertain, then this property ma..."
" Immaculate Two Double Bedroom Terraced Property that is situated down a quiet No Through Road in Quedgeley! In brief the property comprises of; entrance hall, modern fitted kitchen, spacious lounge/diner, first floor landing, two double bedrooms and a modern fitted bathroom. Benefits inclu..."
"Finished to a high standard throughout, this two double bedroom apartment is located on the second floor of the impressively converted Grade II listed Double Reynolds building. Further benefitting from a secure allocated parking space and waterside views over the main water basin, this apartment ..."
"**THIS BEAUTIFUL APARTMENT IS NOW AVAILABLE FOR PURCHASE, NOW THAT THE NEW FIRE RISK ASSESSMENT HAS BEEN SATISFIED BY THE DEVELOPER, ALLOWING MORTGAGES TO BE SECURED IF REQUIRED** With superb views over Gloucester Docks, this 2 bedroom apartment is waterside living at its finest. Built by Crest..."
"Situated on a no through road in the popular Linden area of the city is this two bedroom extended semi detached property presented in good order throughout. Offered for sale with no onward chain, accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, two reception rooms,conservatory,kitchen & bath..."
" TWO BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE LOCATED ON POPULAR ROAD IN HARDWICKE, GLOUCESTER! In brief the accommodation comprises of; entrance hall, kitchen, lounge/diner, landing, two DOUBLE bedrooms and family bathroom. Further benefits are; gas central heating, off road parking for TWO cars, private en..."
"INVETMENT OPPERTUNITY - Spacious 2 bedroom first floor flat with bike store. This surprising property has entrance porch with video entrance phone, hallway, 2 double bedrooms, generous open plan lounge/dining/kitchen, bathroom, electric heating and useful secure bike storage. Council Tax A, EPC -..."
Private living with a sense of community for the over 70's can be found in this beautifully presented retirement apartment offering spacious accommodation with lovely views from both bedrooms and the living area towards Llanthony Secunda Priory and the surrounding grounds. An allocated parking sp...
"Offered to the market for sale with no onward chain is this two bedroom apartment located in Robinswood, Gloucester. This first floor apartment is positioned next to the popular and picturesque Robinswood Hill, surrounded by greenery and and stunning views. The property is deceptively..."
"The Property Centre is delighted to offer for sale this well presented two double bedroom terrace house situated in a cul de sac location and being sold with no onward chain. The property has been redecorated and had new flooring fitted. The accommodation comprises entrance porch, loun..."
"Ideal investment or home. Offered for sale with no onward chain, is this 3 bedroom family home. A 3 bed house with an impressive 58ft x 23ft rear garden which backs onto a park. The accommodation briefly comprises 3 bedrooms, family bathroom and landing upstairs, and lounge/diner and kitchen..."
"*** STUNNING TOP FLOOR WATERSIDE APARTMENT, WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO GLOUCESTER QUAYS AND ALL THE LOCAL AMENITIES *** Built by Crest Nicholson just over a year ago, this spacious apartment is modern throughout and boasts open plan living, a balcony area overlooking the waterfront and one alloc..."
"REF - LW0607 A stunning 1st floor, 2 bedroom maisonette in Barnwood. This beautiful over 50's property has been renovated by its current owner to a high standard. The homes is conveniently situated next to bus stops that take you into Gloucester and Cheltenham. It is close to multiple..."
"IDEAL INVESTMENT - THREE BEDROOM DUPLEX APARTMENT IN SOUGHT AFTER CENTRAL LOCATION - SOLD WITH TENANT IN SITU AND CURRENTLY GENERATING A 6% YIELD The Property Centre are delighted to offer this spacious, well presented, three bedroom, duplex apartment situated on the popular Brisol Roa..."
STUNNING TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT IN BARNWOOD OFFERED CHAIN FREE! MURDOCK & WASLEY present this stunning modern first floor apartment which is only two years old and presented in excellent condition with NHBC guarantees remaining for 8 years. The spacious property boast a large entrance...
"PUBLIC NOTICE - 64 Myrtle Close, Gloucester, GL4 6YP - We have received an offer of £200,000. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange of contracts takes place. A four bedroom semi detached house set in Robinswood. T..."
"**** 3 BEDROOM MID-TERRACED PROPERTY, CHAIN-FREE, MODERN KITCHEN & BATHROOM, AMPLE GARDEN, PERFECT FIRST-TIME BUY, VIEWING STRONGLY ADVISED! **** MICHAEL TUCK ESTATE AGENTS are extremely pleased to welcome to the open market, this 3 bedroomed mid-terraced property, located in ever popular ..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to present This recently refurbished 2 Bedroom terrace in the popular location of Quedgeley. The accommodation consists of refitted kitchen and living room. Private garden, two bedrooms, refitted bathroom and 2 allocated parking spaces."
"With No Onward Chain this two bedroom terraced home is situated in a popular area of Quedgeley. On the ground floor you enter the property where you are greeted with the entrance hall, On the right you have the kitchen. Continue forward and you enter the lounge/diner with a door that accesses t..."
CASH BUYERS ONLY EXCELLENT RENTAL OPPORTUNITY ACHIEVING APPROX £1000PCM A recently redecorated three bedroom property with attractive front and rear gardens. The front door opens into a good sized entrance hall with stairs leading up to the first floor landing. Through from the...
"A well presented mid-terrace house in a fantastic central location, being within walking distance to Gloucester town centre and the shops, restaurants, leisure centre and amenities it has to offer. Enter the property into open plan living room/dining room with internal door to kitchen and bathro..."
"Situated within the popular residential Georgian square location of Brunswick Square this unique two double bedroom duplex apartment is offered to the market with no onward chain. Boasting characterful features and modern finishes throughout, this property would make for an ideal residential or i..."
"Two bedroom mid terraced property, ideal first time buyer property or investment opportunity. The layout of this property downstairs comprises of entrance hall, kitchen, lounge dining room with access into the private rear garden. Upstairs there are two bedrooms and bathroom. <..."
"Offered for sale is this well presented two bedroom end terrace property, which would make an ideal investment or starter home. The property itself consists of an entrance hall, living room, kitchen/breakfast room which overlooks an attractive rear garden, two double bedrooms and famil..."
AUCTION SALE 18 April 2023 - Freehold three floor detached houseFull vacant possessionTO SELL YOUR PROPERTY IN OUR NEXT AUCTION CALL US NOW
" This lovely two bedroom apartment is situated in the convenient location of Wellingtonia Gardens, Gloucester. This property offers ample amounts of space and is being sold with no onward chain. The property comprises of: Entrance hall, family bathroom, generous sized master bedr..."
"Offered to the market this two double bedroom end-terraced property is situated in the ever popular location of Linden. Further benefitting from spacious living accommodation, enclosed rear garden & garage, this property is ideal for first time buyers and investors alike with a potential rental i..."
"A beautifully presented and little used SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT in this recently built built block with LOVELY VIEWS across the Docks Albion Apartments is a block of 7 which was built approximately 5 years ago, part of a small but popular development which overlooks the Victoria basin of The Qu..."
" Move Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this ground floor flat set in a popular location just a stones throw away from Gloucester City Centre, the Quays shopping centre and other local amenities. Open plan windowed Living / kitchen and bedroom with separate bathroom. The kitch..."
"Impressive, modern, ground floor apartment built by Crest Nicholson. Ideally positioned within walking distance of the fashionable Gloucester Quays, Gloucester City Centre and other local amenities. The accommodation briefly comprises: spacious entrance hall, double bedroom with large ..."
" Investors Only Michael Tuck Estate Agents are pleased to welcome to the market this fantastic investment opportunity that is comprised of a one double bedroom ground floor flat and a two double bedroom duplex flat. Ground floor flat comprises of; spacious lounge, one double bedroom, bathroo..."
"A three bedroom terraced property tucked away on a no through road on the outskirts of the city centre. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge,dining room, kitchen and cloakroom on the ground floor. Upstairs there are three good size bedrooms and a shower room. The ..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to bring to the market this good size two bedroom semi detached property offered for sale with no onward chain, situated in the popular linden area of the city. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, 26ft lounge/diner and 13ft kitchen on the ground flo..."
"YOPA are pleased to offer the TERRACED 3 BEDROOM HOUSE with PRIVATE REAR GARDEN for sale. This mid terraced property had a open-plan lounge / dining room, kitchen and upstairs 3 bedrooms and a bathroom, and a private rear garden. The house is in need of some modernisation, is available chain free."
"Occupying a courtyard position is this modern two bedroom property with off road parking. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, 15ft lounge and kitchen on the ground floor. Upstairs there are two double bedrooms and a bathroom. The property is double glazed and warmed by gas central h..."
"REF DH0109: I am pleased to present to the market this mid terrace period starter home in Linden. Located within walking distance of the Gloucester Quays and City centre areas of interest the home will appeal to first time buyers, downsizers or investors alike. The well maintained accommodatio..."
"*** 2 BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR MAISONETTE, LOCAL TO RANGE OF AMENITIES, GARAGE *** This well presented 2 double bedroom, first floor maisonette is now offered to the market for sale! Exceptionally located to a wide range of amenities such as, supermarkets, doctor surgeries, bus routes all within walki..."
"***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH TWO BATHROOMS & TWO PARKING SPACES*** MURDOCK & WASLEY ESTATE AEGNTS are delighted to welcome to the market this exceptional first floor apartment located in the popular ""Post House"" development. The property offers generous livi..."
Well presented 2 DOUBLE bedroom GROUND FLOOR maisonette with its own GARDEN that is situated to the front of the property. Situated in a convenient location the maisonette is an ideal first buy or an investment opportunity offering a potential rental income of £800 per calender month. An early v...
A lovely GROUND FLOOR MAISONETTE in a period building set close to and within the community of Kingsholm Square Kingsholm Square and Edwy Parade are set in a lovely hidden position just off the Kingsholm Road and within walking distance of the city centre. The Cathedral and exciting Docklands de...
"Staverton Park is our second - largest park in Cheltenham. The park is located just off Bamfurlong Lane, a 10-minute drive away from the town centre. There is also a bus stop a short walk from the park entrance."
"This brilliant property would make an great investment and is currently Tenanted at £700pcm. A lovely two bedroom semi-detached property that is situated on a popular cul-de-sac in Quedgeley!
In brief the property comprises of; spacious lounge, kitchen/breakfast room, two bedrooms, bathroom and ..."
"Three bedroom semi detached house that is situated on a quiet road in Kingsway! This property is offered as LOW COST HOUSING, at 75% of market value. Only FIRST TIME BUYERS WITH A LOCAL CONNECTION TO GLOUCESTER can purchase this property. No rent is payable and resale will be at 75% of market ..."
"**FIRST TIME BUYERS ONLY** The Property Centre is delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom semi detached home situated on the edge of the Kingsway development. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, utility room, kitchen/diner, lounge, three bedrooms, ensuite to ma..."
" This beautifully presented, spacious top floor apartment is situated in the popular and convenient location of London Road, Gloucester. Being within walking distance to the City Centre and Gloucestershire Hospital, this apartment would make a lovely home or great investment purchase. ..."
This property is available on a shared ownership basis. Here you can buy up to 80% of the property and pay a low monthly rent on the part you don't buy! Call To View:
"The Property Centre is pleased to offer for sale this good sized two double bedroom terrace house situated in a cul de sac location. The accommodation comprises entrance porch, lounge, kitchen, two double bedrooms, bathroom, allocated parking for two cars. Ideal first time ..."
"Brought to the market with no onward chain is this two bedroom over 55's terraced house, located in the heart of Hucclecote. The property is situated in the sought after Hucclecote Mews complex and briefly comprises an entrance hall, kitchen, living room, two bedrooms and a shower roo..."
"LANG EASY FORM CONSTRUCTED THREE BEDROOM (bedroom one is a walk through) TERRACED HOUSE situated at the end of a cul-de-sac. Inside there is an EXTENDED LOUNGE with French doors onto the garden, a dining room that overlooks the cul-de-sac and finally downstairs the fitted kitchen. <..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY Homemove Sales & Lettings are delighted to offer for sale this lovely 2 bedroom mid terraced house, located in the popular area of Hardwicke, Quedgeley.The property is being sold with tenants in place"
"The modern mews-style cottage is in a lovely development exclusively for the over-50's in popular Hucclecote. Hucclecote has a range of local aminities, including, shops, a baker, pharmacy, takeaways, restaurants, a local library, GP surgery and a dental practice. It also offers conven..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, this immaculately presented character two bedroom apartment originally built circa 1860 offers ample natural light and fully integrated contemporary kitchen. Set within the heart of the historic city centre a stones throw from the charming Cathedral gar..."
A suprisingly GOOD SIZED victorian townhouse in a very CONVENIENT POSITION Vauxhall Road is a popular residential road situated off Barton Street less than 1/2 mile to the South of Gloucester City centre. All the City's facilities are within easy reach.  
" Michael Tuck Estate Agents Quedgeley are pleased to welcome to the market this two bedroom terraced property that is situated in Hardwicke on a quiet no through road and offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN! In brief the property comprises of; kitchen, spacious lounge, one double bedro..."
"This beautifully presented 2 bedroom apartment is situated in the popular location of London Road, Gloucester. This property is offered for sale with no onward chain and would make a brilliant investment or first time purchase. This property is positioned within walking distance of th..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, this unique two bedroom duplex style apartment is positioned within the popular Pridays Mill development. Benefitting from spacious living accommodation and a secure allocated parking space, this apartment has much to offer residential buyers and invest..."
"A beautifully presented, recently built, three storey town house situated on the Twigworth Green Bloor Homes development. Twigworth provides excellent access to the M5, Gloucester, Cheltenham and Tewkesbury. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. A 50/50 shared ownership home, the accommodat..."
"Double fronted well appointed unique home conveniently located directly opposite The Gloucester park for those long lazy sunny summer days. Park on your very own driveway for easy living then step inside. To your right is a double aspect living room where the light floods in, to your l..."
AUCTION SALE 18 April 2023 - Freehold Barn and LandTotal of 7.25 AcresFull Vacant PossessionTO SELL YOUR PROPERTY IN OUR NEXT AUCTION CALL US NOW
"7.5 acres of roadside land, benefiting from a large outbuilding with hard standing concrete foundation in Upper Rea."
LAST PLOT REMAINING (PLOT 171) Are you fed up with renting? Shared Ownership could be the help you need to purchase your own home.
"YOPA are pleased to offer well presented MODERN TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT with PRIVATE PARKING for sale. This well presented 2 bedroom apartment is located in Sapphire Way in the popular Coopers Edge area of Gloucester, with local schools and a wide range of excellent local facilities all close at hand"
"*INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY* Located in a vibrant area of Gloucester, this mid terraced property makes for an ideal investment opportunity. The property consists of a first floor apartment and on the ground floor the former shop area has been partly converted to another one bedroom apartment..."
"Tucked away on a no through road is this two bedroom terraced property. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, 21ft lounge/diner, 14ft kitchen and a shower room on the ground floor. Upstairs there are two double bedrooms and a bathroom. Further benefits include gas central heating and ..."
"**THIS BEAUTIFUL APARTMENT IS NOW AVAILABLE FOR PURCHASE, NOW THAT THE NEW FIRE RISK ASSESSMENT HAS BEEN SATISFIED BY THE DEVELOPER, ALLOWING MORTGAGES TO BE SECURED IF REQUIRED** With superb views over Gloucester Docks, this 1 bedroom apartment is waterside living at its finest. Built by Cres..."
"Refurbished two double bedroom period terrace house in convenient central location, chain free. The Property Centre are delighted to offer ""For Sale"" this refurbished two double bedroom period terrace house. Ideally situated within easy reach of the city, hospital, and train ..."
"Detached living with the benefit of a garden, this delightful coach house is positioned in popular Hempsted with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"A recently refurbished two double bedroom, mid-terraced property offered to the market with no onward chain. Situated on Stratton Road on the edge of Gloucester City Centre, this opportunity is not to be missed for residential buyers and investors alike with a potential rental income of £795 pcm."
"A stylish first floor one bedroom apartment with open plan living, kitchen and dining area. Bedroom with en suite shower room."
SPACIOUS 4 BEDROOM FAMILY HOMES FOR SHARED OWNERSHIP!
"Gloucestershire Property Online are delighted to offer this spacious one bedroom mid terrace house, situated within a quiet cul-de-sac in Quedgeley. Offered to the market as CHAIN FREE, this ideal starter home provides potential buyers with a South facing rear garden and two off-road parking spac..."
"***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED*** TG SALES are pleased to offer this TWO BEDROOM mid terraced property which has been modernised throughout. In brief the accommodation consists of entrance lobby, open plan lounge/diner with the staircase to the first floor, modern fitted kitchen with built in ..."
"**IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY/INVESTMENT** Situated on the outskirts ofGloucester City centre, KJT Residential are pleased to offer for salethis Victorian end terraced home, the property benefits from 2bedrooms, separate reception rooms, 13ft kitchen, downstairs bathroomand large rear gardens, the prope..."
"**CALLING ALL INVESTORS** KJT Residential are pleased to offer for salethis older style end terraced home, the property benefits from 2 doublebedrooms, 21ft lounge/dining room, 18ft kitchen and upstairs bathroom,the property further benefits from gas central heating, double glazingand easy mainte..."
"A 2 bedroom house situated conveniently for the City Centre or Hospital. The property consists of a lounge/diner, kitchen, small courtyard garden, 2 bedrooms and bathroom. Further benefits include GCH and a quiet location just off London Road."
" TG Sales & Lettings are delighted to offer ‘FOR SALE’ this beautifully presented one DOUBLE bedroom apartment located on the first floor of this impressively converted Warehouse building in Gloucester docks. Albert warehouse offers great views out over the main basin, character feat..."
"Located in the heart of Brockworth, this ground floor apartment is located within small modern estate. With its own private entrance, this property has accommodation comprises of entrance hall with under stairs storage cupboard leading to first floor. Good size lounge (15'7 x 10'6), fantast..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain is a spacious, well presented ground floor apartment with two double bedrooms. This ideal investment or first time buy property briefly consists of an entrance hall, two good size bedrooms, large kitchen breakfast room, living room and bathroo..."
"Available with no onward chain is this well presented two bedroom maisonette located in Matson, next to many local amenities. The property comprises of a hallway with stairs leading to the bathroom, kitchen, lounge, large master bedroom and a good sized second bedroom. To th..."
"A TWO bedroom apartment with ALLOCATED PARKING and within close proximity to local bus routes and amenities.
Accommodation comprises; entrance hallway, storage cupboard, two generously sized bedroom, modern bathroom and open plan lounge / kitchen ( with dishwasher and washing machine included ). ..."
"Ground floor RETIREMENT flat (minimum age for applicants is 60 years). Offering a small entrance hall, a large storage cupboard to the right, to the left is the bathroom with shower over. The living/dining room is a very good size with plenty of space for a dining area and there is a rear door l..."
"Michael Tuck Estate Agents Gloucester are thrilled to welcome to the market this two DOUBLE bedroom terraced house located on a quiet No Through Road just a stones throw away from Gloucester's Historic Docks . The ground floor comprises of; Entrance hall, open plan lounge/diner, kitchen, uti..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this recently decorated, two bedroom terraced property, which would make an excellent investment or starter home. The property itself briefly consists of an entrance hall, kitchen/breakfast room, living room, two double bedrooms and a refitted b..."
"Spacious FULLY REFURBISHED - New electrics, new central heating system, new windows, new kitchen, freshly decorated, increased insulation, dividing wall upstairs to give independent access to the bathroom for both bedrooms. Please note this property is owned by a member of Martin & Co. Chain ..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, this one bedroom characterful apartment is situated within the Grade II listed Victorian Warehouse of Biddle & Shipton. Benefiting from open plan kitchen and living accommodation, Juliette balcony overlooking the main basin, basement storage and secure ..."
"Located directly between the Gloucester Quays vibrant nightlife and the historic City Centre this apartment is an ideal location for both young professionals, first time buyers and those seeking a secure investment with a potential rental income of £825 pcm. Offering generous living accommodation..."
"*** A FANTASTIC BUY TO LET INVESTMENT PROPERTY, OFFERED FOR SALE WITH A TENANT IN SITU. FOR INVESTORS ONLY *** IMMACULATELY PRESENTED TWO BEDROOM TOP FLOOR APARTMENT WITH ALLOCATED PARKING. Taylors Estate Agents welcome to the market this impressive two bedroom top floor apa..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to bring to the market this two bedroom semi detached property situated on a no through road and offered for sale with no onward chain. The accommodation briefly compromises of an open plan lounge/dining room with kitchenette, utility space and a bat..."
*** NO ONWARD CHAIN **** A well-presented two bedroom terrace house in the heart of Coney Hill. The property is an ideal first home or investment opportunity. Situated just a short distance from local amenities and regular bus routes. Accommodation comprises of entrance...
" RETIREMENT APARTMENT Great opportunity to live independently in a well maintained and established retirement community in central Gloucester. Located on a leafy residential street, this 2-bedroom apartment gives space and a quiet location with the reassurance of supported living if and when ..."
"A very well presented two-bedroom, three storey mid terraced home. Offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The property sits close to local amenities and offers easy access to Gloucester town centre and the popular Quays area.
Accommodation comprises; lounge, dining room, ground floor w.c and..."
"IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR BUY TO LET A SEMI-DETACHED House located on Melbourne Street West with OFF ROAD PARKING and available with NO ONWARD CHAIN! Ground Floor comprises of a spacious Lounge Open to Kitchen, Utility Room and Bathroom. Upstairs are Two DOUBLE Bedrooms. Further benefits include..."
A very well maintained FIRST FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT in one of the best positions within this block with a sitting room and JULIET BALCONY which overlooks the westerly facing garden.   Hamlet Lodge is a very popular development of retirement properties situated on Heathville and Denmar...
"Please quote ref DS0168 Refurbushed Two Double Bedroom Cottage in the Centre of Gloucester 
"
"***MODERN TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT, IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR BUY TO LET*** Taylors Estate Agents welcome to the market this two bedroom first floor apartment situated within Fitzalan House, Gloucester. This impressive and spacious apartment is modern throughout and is presented..."
The home would warrant some updating but is currently rented out to the same tenant of 16 years. A storm porch gives access to the entrance hall that helps keep the cold out and the warmth in. On your left is a cosy lounge complemented by a separate dining room that is spread across the back from...
"Available on the sales market and offered with no onward chain is this light and airy first floor apartment which overlooks the Barge Arm inlet at the historic Docks and Quays. The beautifully presented apartment briefly consists of a double bedroom, spacious lounge dining room, kitche..."
"Two bedroom terrace house with two separate reception rooms in a convenient central location... The Property Centre welcome to the market ""for sale"" this two bedroom period terrace, situated within walking distance of the Gloucester city centre. Accommodation brie..."
"GREAT FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS!
Currently tenanted.
A one bedroom house. Hallway.
Open plan kitchen and living room with patio doors to the garden. Double bedroom and bathroom. Off road parking
Front garden
Double glazing
EPC e
Council Tax Band e. To view please call option 2."
"Situated on a one way street, this accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, re-fitted kitchen and re-fitted bathroom on the ground floor, upstairs there are two double bedrooms with a staircase leading to an attic room. Further benefits include gas central heating and double glaz..."
"**** ONE BEDROOM COACH HOUSE, IMMACULATELY PRESENTED WITH GARAGE & PARKING FOR 2 CARS, IDEAL FIRST TIME BUYER HOME **** This one bedroom coach house is presented to a very high standard. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, landing, open plan lounge/diner, separate kitchen,..."
"Located within the Historic Gloucester Docks on the edge of the Main Basin Waterside this characterful, yet modern one double bedroom apartment has views leading down the Sharpness Canal, the nature reserve and across to Gloucester Cathedral. With fully integrated kitchen and an allocated parking..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, this modern one bedroom apartment is situated on the second floor of the popular Merchants Quay development in the heart of the historic Gloucester Docks. Benefitting from open plan living accommodation, secure allocated parking and Juliet balcony offer..."
"**IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY/INVESTMENT** Offered for sale with no onwardchain KJT Residential are pleased to bring to the market thissubstantial 1st floor maisonette, the property benefits from 3 bedrooms,16ft living room, 10ft kitchen and family bathroom, the propertyfurther benefits from gas central..."
"Staverton Park is our second - largest park in Cheltenham. The park is located just off Bamfurlong Lane, a 10-minute drive away from the town centre. There is also a bus stop a short walk from the park entrance. "
"Gloucestershire Property Online are delighted to offer this spacious two bedroom Victorian apartment, located a stones throw from Gloucester City Centre. Perfectly suited towards first time buyers and investors alike, the accommodation is modern and well maintained, whilst maintaining the propert..."
"Move sales and Lettings are delighted to offer to the market this 3 bedroom top floor flat in the City Centre of Gloucester.A short walk from Gloucester Quays and the constantly improving City Centre, you can enjoy a good social life and have the benefit of having all amenities on your door step,..."
"***MODERN TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT FOR SALE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN, ONE ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE, IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR BUY TO LET*** A stylish two bedroom first floor apartment situated within the popular Fitzalan House, Gloucester. This modern two bedroom apartment is offered..."
"Now available, 4 bedroom family homes for shared ownership! Viewings availably by appointment!"
LAST PLOTS!! Shared Ownership could be the help you need to purchase your own home.
"VERSATILE TWO BEDROOM PROPERTY IN POPULAR CITY CENTRE LOCATION OFFERED CHAIN FREE The Property Centre are delighted to welcome to the market this fantastic property, which would make an ideal first time buy or investment. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, tw..."
"REF DH0109 - A mid floor apartment in this convenient location within Kingsway. Offering 2 good sized bedrooms (master en-suite) complemented by a well appointed bathroom, with a semi open plan living space of kitchen and lounge/diner. The property would lend itself to a first time buy, downsi..."
"The Property Centre are delighted to offer ""For Sale"" this two bedroom duplex apartment situated in Gloucester City Centre and within walking distance of Gloucester Docks. Boasting a private entrance and a courtyard garden, this would make a fantastic first time buy or buy to let invest..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is the spacious and well presented ground floor maisonette. Situated in a highly convenient location close to the city centre and various local amenities. The property briefly consists of an entrance hall, large living room, recently refitted wet r..."
"NEW YEAR, SUPER NEW OFFER! Reserve before the 31st March and we invite you to Build your own offer. We'll give you £750 towards White goods* Legal fees* Flooring * Or a Ring Security Package* The choice is yours! BRAND NEW First floor 2 bedroom APARTMENT for sale on a SHARED O..."
"The Property Centre is pleased to offer for sale this one bedroom gallery style terrace house that is being sold with tenant in situ which would make a great investment opportunity. The current monthly rent is £625 PCM. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, ..."
 Move Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this impressive park home on a generous plot offered with no onward chain. The Stately Albion Celtic Cottage home is sited on a popular park for the over 50's in the Twigworth area of Gloucester. Entering the Ashmeade complex through t...
** Two Double Bedroom Top Floor Apartment ** Situated Within Walking Distance To The City Centre ** Spacious Accommodation ** Allocated Off Road Parking ** Perfect For FTB or Investor ** Current Rental Income Of £750pcm ** Call To View:
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this ground floor maisonette, presented in excellent condition throughout and would be perfect for an investment or first time buyer. The property consists of its own entrance, entrance hall with understairs storage space, kitchen, bathroom, lar..."
NO ONWARD CHAIN - ALLOCATED PARKING - WELL PRESENTED - INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY A well presented two bedroom apartment located in Barnwood which is located on the second floor. The apartment is offered for sale with either vacant possession of with a tenant in situ.
"We are pleased to offer this well presented terraced house located in the Derby Road area of Gloucester and close to Gloucester Royal Hospital. The property offers lounge, separate dining room and modern fitted kitchen. Upstairs there are two bedrooms. One double and one single both have built..."
"**TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH NO CHAIN** TG Sales & Lettings are pleased to present this two-bedroom top-floor apartment in this popular part of St Oswald`s. The property comprises a large open plan lounge/diner with a separate modern fitted kitchen which includes a cooker/hob, fridge/freeze..."
"CHAIN FREE- Rarely available we a are pleased to offer this modern and spacious maisonette with parking, walking distance along the canal side to the ever popular Gloucester Docks area, open plan lounge/dining area, modern fitted kitchen, double bedroom, modern bathroom, double glazing and gas c..."
"CHAIN FREE - Beautiful ground floor flat in this landmark building. This light and spacious modern apartment is ready to move straight into, accommodation comprises a nice sized hall, fitted kitchen with appliances and open plan lounge with to large windows, a good sized double bedroom, modern sh..."
A delightful one bedroom first floor maisonette with the added benefit of a SINGLE GARAGE and off street parking situated on the ever popular Highgrove Development. Offering a potential rental income of £650pcm this would make an ideal investment or the perfect first time buy
An imposing FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT in a lovely period building set in a very CONVENIENT POSITION less than 1/2 mile from Gloucester Bewick House is situated on the Junction of Denmark and London Road just 1/2 mile to the East of Gloucester City centre. Transport facilities and shopping is clo...
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW having gardens measuring 60ft and is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, three bedrooms, bathroom and separate w.c. The property benefits from gas fired central heating. CASH BUYER..."
A PURPOSE BUILT FIRST FLOOR TWO BEDROOM RETIREMENT APARTMENT FOR THE OVER 55'S. BENEFITS INCLUDE:-LOUNGE/DINER: KITCHEN: TWO BEDROOMS: BATHROOM: COMMUNAL GARDENS: COMMUNAL PARKING: NO CHAINMarleyfield Close is a small very quiet pleasant private cul-de-sac consisting of retirement apartments...
"A period TWO bedroom home situated on Tredworth Road, Gloucester. The property is situated a short walk from Gloucester City Centre with lots of amenities nearby ***CHAIN FREE*** If you are looking for a BUY TO LET investment, rent of £750.00 based on paying the asking price, (a yield o..."
"Move Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this impressive park home offered with no onward chain. The 2011, 38 x 20 Prestige Sonatta home is sited on a popular park for the over 45's in the Staverton area of Cheltenham. The property comprises L shaped living room / diner, fitted..."
"** Two Double Bedroom Ground Floor Apartment, Offered To The Market with No Onward Chain ** Open Plan Kitchen/ Living Area ** Allocated Parking ** Perfect for FTB or Investors ** Call To View:"
" CASH BUYERS ONLY! Michael Tuck Estate Agents Gloucester are delighted to bring to the market a Terraced House located in Barton. Ground Floor comprises of Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Rear Lobby and Family Bathroom. Upstairs provides Two DOUBLE Bedrooms and a Further Room..."
"WELL PRESENTED TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM TOP FLOOR APARTMENT IN CITY CENTRE LOCATION The Property Centre are delighted to welcome to market this fantastic property that would make an ideal investment or first time buy. The property is located within short walks to Gloucester Quays,..."
"Being Sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £140,000 for this two double bedroom semi detached home with an attic room providing a third bedroom"
"Being Sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £140,000 for this two double bedroom semi detached home with an attic room providing a third bedroom. The accommodation comprises of: Entrance hallway, two reception rooms, kitchen/diner, utility & c..."
"The accommodation comprises of; the entrance hall, two bedrooms, the bathroom and open plan living/kitchen area. The apartment further benefits from communal grounds and a garage. "
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - CURRENTLY LET at £850 pcm. Close to Gloucestershire Royal Hospital is this delightful purpose built second floor flat with allocated parking. The accommodation offers entrance hall, living room open to kitchen (with appliances), bathroom and TWO BEDROOMS. HIGHLY RECCOME..."
TOP FLOOR - ALLOCATED PARKING - EN-SUITE TO MASTER A well presented two bedroom apartment locate within a modern development in Kingsway.. Benefiting allocated parking.
"The Property Centre are delighted to bring this second floor apartment to the market. Situated in a popular Kingsway location and benefitting from allocated parking, this lovely property would suit either a first time buyer or an investor. The accommodation comprises a spacious entran..."
"***MODERN ONE BEDROOM APARTMENT FOR SALE, IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR BUY TO LET*** Taylors Estate Agents welcome to the market this modern one-bedroom first floor apartment situated in Kiln close, Gloucester. This immaculately presented and well maintained apartment is located..."
"Attention all BUY TO LET INVESTORS as we bring to the market a TWO Bedroom Terraced House with a TENANT IN SITU. Comprises of Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Utility Room, Two Bedrooms and Family Bathroom. Further benefits include double glazing, gas radiator central heating and REA..."
"This surprisingly spacious property is well located within The Cedars on Hucclecote Road with excellent local shops, amenities and bus routes. A communal stairwell leads to the first floor and into the property. An entrance hall opens into the living room with views up to Chosen Hill. Two dou..."
A good sized SECOND FLOOR apartment in a QUIET POSITION in this popular over 55's development Cathedral Court is a very popular residential development for the over 55’s situated on the London Road just over ½ mile to the East of Gloucester City centre. Transport facilities are ...
A very GOOO SIZED second floor (top) APARTMENT in this popular and convenient 1970's development Heathville Road is a popular residential road situated just off the London Road less than ½ mile to the East of Gloucester City centre. Excellent schooling and the hospital are within walking ...
" Move Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this lower ground floor flat set in a popular location just a stones throw away from Gloucester City Centre. Offered with no onward chain and recently redecorated the flat comprises : - Entrance hall, two bedrooms, Living room, kitchen..."
Viewings available by appointment!
" Michael Tuck Estate Agents are pleased to welcome to the market this recently renovated one bedroom ground floor flat that is situated within walking distance to Gloucester City Centre and offered to the market with No Onward Chain! In brief the property comprises of; entrance hall, modern f..."
"We are pleased to offer this spacious ground floor two/three bedroom maisonette. This property comprises of entrance hall, two/three bedrooms (main bedroom currently split into two bedrooms), lounge, kitchen and shower room. The property also benefits from garage, UPVC double glazing and commun..."
"Situated in the ever popular residential location of Churchdown, this one bedroom ground floor maisonette is offered to the market with no onward chain. The property benefits from generous sized communal gardens making an ideal first time buy or investment opportunity with a potential rental inco..."
"This one double bedroom ground floor apartment is located in the popular area of Churchdown, just a short walk to local shops, bus routes and good local schools. Offered to the market chain free, this would make the ideal first home or investment property with a potential yield of at least 6%. ..."
The four-bedroom Howells home is perfect for growing families looking for a little extra space.
LAST PLOT! Shared Ownership could be the help you need to purchase your own home.
LAST FEW PLOTS!! Shared Ownership could be the help you need to purchase your own home.
"The Property Centre is delighted to present to the market this studio apartment that has been modernised to the highest of standards. Accommodation comprises of a living area/ bedroom, kitchen and bathroom. The property benefits from a new gas boiler and underfloor heating. The property also has ..."
"Well presented 2 bedroom apartment located in Gloucester, perfect for investment purposes. Comprises of: Warm and welcoming porch and entrance hall way Well-appointed open plan kitchen / dining with base and wall units Spacious master bedroom Additional good sized..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, this first floor property would make the ideal investment and is offered to buy to let investors only. With a tenant in situation currently paying £675pcm, this property is the perfect opportunity to either start or add to a property p..."
"A beautifully presented FIRST FLOOR one bedroom apartment forming part of The Manor an over 55's development in the heart of Churchdown Village close to local shops and on the bus route to Cheltenham and Gloucester. The property benefits from a BALCONY, double-glazing and gas-fired central heatin..."
"Situated on a quiet road in Kingsway, this lovely home is close to all local amenities, including supermarkets, post office, and doctors, as well as the M5 and good local schools... Property Ref: GL2 2BNTHA For viewing arrangement, please use..."
"Brand New 2 bed apartments with shares from 30% built by Bloors at Twigworth Green located only 3 miles from the historical city center of Gloucester, proudly offering a wonderful place to live close by to with its grand cathedral, Gloucester Quays amenities and rolling open countryside. "
"A beautifully presented park home on the ever popular Staverton Park complex. Accommodation comprises lounge, kitchen-diner, two bedrooms and a bathroom. Outside offers a large shed with power/ lighting, new fencing, an outside tap, and a wrap around south facing garden with patio, decking and gr..."
"If you are looking for low maintenance living in an immaculate park home, look no further than this lovely home at Norton Park licenced for use 365 days a year as a holiday home."
"An ideal first time buy, this ground floor flat benefits allocated OFF ROAD parking for two vehicles and communal garden, having recently been updated, all being situated in a popular village location ***CHAIN FREE*** If you are looking for a BUY TO LET investment, rent of £575.00 based ..."
Dream of a life by the waterside? The Trent is close to the canal and just a 15 minute stroll to Gloucester Quays. Life at The Waterfront has everything you need on your doorstep. Contact Guinness for latest availability and apply today!
"In a central location of Gloucester, set in a characterful, period building this renovated apartment is ideal for first time buyers, investors or those simply down sizing. This apartment is located on the ground floor. Internally you have one spacious double bedroom, living room, kitch..."
"Fantastic detached park home, licenced for use 365 days a year as a holiday home for the over 45's, situated in a quiet location within easy reach of Cheltenham, Gloucester and Tewkesbury"
"Licenced for use 365 days a year, is this lovely 2 bedroom detached holiday park home for the over 45's. If you are looking for low maintenance living then look no further!"
"A well-presented and conveniently located, ground floor retirement apartment for over 60s, situated in the popular suburb of Barnwood. This property benefits from communal gardens, parking, and the use of the resident's lounge. With easy access to local amenities and bus routes to Gloucester and ..."
Move Property Sales & Lettings are proud to present to the market this one bedroom ground floor flat ideally located in the highly sought after village of Churchdown. This property is entered through a secure door entry system and has been completely refurbished and redecorated throughout and ...
"Brand New 3 bed 35% shared ownership home built by Bloors at Twigworth Green located only 3 miles from the historical city centre of Gloucester, proudly offering a wonderful place to live close by to with its grand cathedral, Gloucester Quays amenities and rolling open countryside. Due ..."
FOR SALE BY MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION An excellent opportunity for a developer or someone looking to build/have built a two bed detached bungalow. Planning permission has been granted for a 2 bedroom detached bungalow. Plans available at Stroud district council website. https://publ...
"Situated between the heart of the historic Gloucester City Centre and the ever popular Gloucester Docks, the development of the Black Swan is ideally located for both First Time Buyers and Buy to Let Investors with a potential rental income of £625 pcm. Previously a hotel, the residential Grade I..."
**A ground floor one bedroom flat in central location near the hospital with gross return of 5%+** This is a perfect investment opportunity located close to the hospital and city centre with long freehold (960 years). The property has been owned by the current vendor for 20 years and has been...
"A Good sized TOP FLOOR (THIRD) APARTMENT in this well established and sought after small development Charlton Court was built in the mid 1980's and offers good sized accommodation in attractive building very well positioned for Gloucester City centre. Good local shopping is close by, transpor..."
AVAILABLE FOR VIEWING - Shared Ownership could be the help you need to purchase your own home.
"Would you like to own your own home but find you're struggling to afford a home on the open market? Shared Ownership could help. You may only need a deposit from just £5,313, apply now to avoid missing out. These new homes are part of the Oaklands development in Hunts Grove, Gloucester"
"This apartment is situated on the first floor in this popular and conveniently located retirement development. It offers well-presented accommodation throughout and briefly comprises: Entrance hall, sitting/dining room, kitchen, a double bedroom with built in wardrobes and a shower ro..."
"Set within the charming and leafy Georgian Brunswick Square, this privately positioned ground floor apartment offers buyers the potential to make their own mark, with secure and private entrance. Viewing is highly advised for both first time buyers and buy to let investors with a potential rental..."
"CHAIN FREE two bedroom park home for people of the age of 50 and over sitting on a GENEROUS PLOT within a beautifully maintained site. Inside the property you have a generous lounge with patio doors to the garden, the fitted kitchen is at the rear and leads to the handy lean to utility r..."
"Licenced for use 365 days a year as a holiday home, is this lovely 2 bedroom detached park home for the over 45's situated on popular Norton Park."
"For Sale By Online Auction - (Terms & Conditions Apply). Starting bid £100,000. Gloucestershire Property Online are pleased to offer this IMMACULATE two bedroom, first floor apartment situated on the ever-popular Copeland Park development in Tuffley, Gloucester. Well maintained ..."
Licenced for use 365 days a year as a holiday home is this detached park home situated at the popular Norton Park development.
An attractive THIRD FLOOR (TOP) apartment in this highly convenient historic converted buillding. The Black Swan is an attractive conversion of a historic building situated on the corner of commercial road and close to the exciting Docklands development. All of the City centre's facilities a...
"A well presented second floor TWO BEDROOM apartment in this desirable retirement complex.Situated in the heart of Churchdown Village this popular retirement complex is available for the over 55's. Communal facilities include a lift, rooftop garden with stunning views, a communal lounge and laun..."
A GROUND FLOOR ONE BEDROOM RETIREMENT APARTMENT OVERLOOKING THE GARDEN Castlemeads Court is well positioned in a convenient city centre location within proximity of the city centre shops. It is well located for the pedestrianised shopping area of Westgate Street with a range of traditional shops ...
"Situated between the heart of the historic Gloucester City Centre and the ever popular Gloucester Docks, the development of the Black Swan is ideally located for both First Time Buyers and Buy to Let Investors with a potential rental income of £550 pcm. Previously a hotel, the residential Grade I..."
Move Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this well presented ground floor flat available with no onward chain. Ideally suited to a cash buyer due to its short lease the property would make an excellent home or investment buy. Information on the costs involved to extend are avai...
"The Property Centre is delighted to present to the market, with No Onward Chain, this well presented two bedroom apartment situated on the ground floor of this over 55's complex. This property is situated in the heart of Churchdown Village with local amenities, including shops and bus..."
"**SHARED OWNERSHIP PROPERTY -- 50% SHARE** Two Double Bedroom Top Floor Apartment with No Onward Chain ** Master Bedroom with En-Suite ** Allocated Off Road Parking ** 4 Years Remaining NHBC Guarantee ** This property is available on a shared ownership basis. 50% Share of the property, ..."
"Property Ref: 11431 Welcome to Catherine Place, Gloucester Longford, Gloucester! This stunning 2 bedroom Terraced house boasts a modern and ..."
"Whilst in need of some updating, this two bedroom static home has huge potential and would make the perfect project. Accommodation comprises kitchen-diner, sitting room, two bedrooms and a family bathroom. Outside offers off road parking and an enclosed rear garden. "
"Watch the sun rise over the canal from your balcony, then take the 15-mintue waterside stroll to Gloucester Quays for breakfast. Life at The Waterfront has everything you need on your doorstep. Contact Guinness for latest availability and apply today!"
" Michael Tuck Estate Agents are pleased to welcome to the market this lovely two double bedroom over 55's apartment that is located on Westgate Street, Gloucester City Centre and offered to the market with No Onward Chain! In brief the property comprises of; entrance hall, spacious lounge, ki..."
"First-floor, 2-bedroom apartment in Brockworth. Make your move this summer with a 5% deposit: £4,000 and purchase a 40% share for £80,000. "
"The Property Centre is delighted to offer for sale this two bedroom double unit park home situated on the popular Woodlands Park development in Quedgeley. The development is for over 50's and does not allow pets. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge, dining area, kitchen, ..."
A ONE BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT Cathedral Court was constructed by McCarthy & Stone (Developments) Ltd and comprises 32 properties arranged over 4 floors each served by lift. The Development Manager can be contacted from various points within each property in the case of an emergen...
A ONE BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT WITH JULIETTE BALCONY Cathedral Court was constructed by McCarthy & Stone (Developments) Ltd and comprises 32 properties arranged over 4 floors each served by lift. The Development Manager can be contacted from various points within each property in...
"This retirement flat for the over 60's has been well looked after and is presented in a good condition, it has only had one owner since Cathedral Court was constructed in 2006 by McCarthy & Stone Developments Ltd. The communal areas have recently been redecorated throughout also."
This first floor apartment sits in the popular Over-60s development on Hucclecote Road. The property has been freshly decorated with new carpets laid throughout along with a good-sized kitchen and modern bathroom. Hucclecote Lodge offers attractive communal gardens and a resident's lounge. Reg...
LAST FEW PLOTS!! AVAILABLE MARCH 2023 Shared Ownership could be the help you need to purchase your own home. 
LAST PLOT!! Shared Ownership could be the help you need to purchase your own home.
A well presented RETIREMENT APARTMENT in the heart of Churchdown Village. No 11 is a GROUND FLOOR apartment that benefits from a REFITTED KITCHEN and SHOWER ROOM and new carpets throughout. The property further benefits from Communal facilities including a communal lounge and ROOF TERRACE
"**INVESTORS & CASH BUYERS ONLY!** £475pcm - yield of 7.1%
Central Gloucester with a tenant in situ, close to local amenities, second floor apartment lounge, kitchen, bathroom and two bedrooms. Term : 999 years from 1.1.2003
Charges : £50.00 pcm
Management company : CMG
"
Sweetbriar House is situated in Chapel Hay Lane in the heart of Churchdown Village ideally located for commuting to both Cheltenham and Gloucester alike and served by good local amenities. No. 26 is a SECOND FLOOR one bedroom retirement apartment for the OVER 55'S to include an 16ft sitting room...
Sweetbriar House is situated in Chapel Hay Lane in the heart of Churchdown Village ideally located for commuting to both Cheltenham and Gloucester alike and served by good local amenities. No. 30 is a SECOND FLOOR one bedroom retirement apartment for the OVER 55'S to include an 16ft sitting room...
A THIRD FLOOR ONE BEDROOM RETIREMENT APARTMENT Castlemeads Court is well positioned in a convenient city centre location within proximity of the city centre shops. It is well located for the pedestrianised shopping area of Westgate Street with a range of traditional shops and High Street names.C...
" Proudly Presented To You By Move Estate Agents; a one bedroom park home with potential to improve in Staverton Park with no onward chain. The accommodation comprises of open plan living kitchen area, a double bedroom with fitted wardrobes to rear and a shower room/ wet room. The site itse..."
A ONE BEDROOM THIRD FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT Castlemeads Court is well positioned in a convenient city centre location within proximity of the city centre shops. It is well located for the pedestrianised shopping area of Westgate Street with a range of traditional shops and High Street names.Ca...
"Being sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. This property will be legally prepared enabling any interested buyer to secure the property immediately once their bid/offer has been accepted. Ultimately a transparent process which provides speed, security and certainty fo..."
"Being sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £70,000This property will be legally prepared enabling any interested buyer to secure the property immediately once their bid/offer has been accepted. Ultimately a transparent process which provides speed, sec..."
" A RETIREMENT apartment situated within an OVER 55's Development with NO ONWARD CHAIN Located on the Second Floor with LIFT ACCESS the accommodation comprises of Entrance Hall, Lounge Diner, Kitchen , DOUBLE Bedroom and Shower Room. Castlemeads Court benefits from a Communal Lounge Area, Laund..."
A TWO BEDROOM RETIREMENT APARTMENT SITUATED ON THE SECOND FLOOR Sovereign Court was constructed by Weldon Leigh Homes and comprises 27 properties arranged over 3 floors each served by lift. The Development Manager can be contacted from various points within each property in the case of an emerge...
"If you are looking for low maintenance living for the over 55's within easy reach of Cheltenham, Gloucester and Tewkesbury, then look no further than this lovely detached holiday park home situated on Norton Park."
"Over 60's ground floor retirement apartment. This property has been redecorated throughout with new carpets, bathroom and boiler. The accommodation comprises of entrance hall, storage cupboards, modern bathroom with walk in double shower, fitted kitchen and large lounge/dining room with patio ..."
CHAIN FREE - WELL PRESENTED - OVER 55'S A well presented retirement apartment located on the second floor within Sovereign Court and benefiting from lift access. FULL VIRTUAL TOUR ONLINE
"A one double bedroom first floor retirement apartment with a lift set within this attractive red brick period property. The apartment benefits from use of communal lounge and laundry services inside and outside parking, landscaped gardens, drying area and bin storage. Located on the Huc..."
CGT sales are pleased to present to the market this one double bedroom first floor retirement apartment located in a popular area in Hucclecote. The flat benefits the use of communal lounge and laundry area and outside parking and communal gardens. Also the property benefits from a no onward ch...
"Two-bedroom shared ownership apartment in Hempsted The Property Centre are excited to have teamed up with Rooftop Housing Group for the sale of 15 brand new apartments on Secunda Way, Hempsted. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, open plan lounge/kitchen/diner..."
"***STUDIO APARTMENT FOR SALE, BTL INVESTORS ONLY, CITY CENTRE LOCATION*** A modern one bedroom studio apartment for sale located in Gloucester City Centre. The apartment is in good decorative order throughout and is located within walking distance to all local amenities and..."
"** 1 BED GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT, OVER 60'S WARDEN CONTROLLED COMPLEX, CHAIN-FREE ** MICHAEL TUCK ESTATE AGENTS are pleased to welcome to the open market this chain-free, 1 bedroom ground floor apartment, located within the very sought after Hucclecote Lodge. The apartment is located to the re..."
"***STUDIO APARTMENT FOR SALE, NO ONWARD CHAIN, BTL INVESTORS ONLY. CASH BUY ONLY *** Offered to the market for sale with no onward chain is this one bedroom studio apartment located in Gloucester City Centre. The apartment is in good order throughout and will make an ideal..."
Find your new place to call home with Bromford Shared Ownership. Purchase with a 25% share!
Move in this summer to a 2-bedroom Shared Ownership apartment in Brockworth.
1.26 acres of level grassland with road access. There are currently no services connected to the land ** OFFERS TO BE RECIEVED BY NOON ON WEDNESDAY 29TH MARCH 2023 **
A fenced plot of land measuring 17'3 x 31'4 in a prominent location with dropped curb access to the front.
0.49 of an acre parcel of land suitable for a variety of uses subject to the relevant permissions.
