Summary
"Situated in a popular residential location to the south of central Hereford, Less than 10 years old, this well presented three bedroom semi-detached home with offers a off-road parking and enclosed rear garden and a fantastic first time buying opportunity!"
"18th Century Grade ll* Listed Principal House, with Tudor origin, having Reception Hall with ornate rococo ceiling, 5 Reception Rooms, Kitchen, Butler’s Kitchen, 2 Ancillary Kitchens, Wine Cellars, 12 Bedrooms, 9 bathrooms, Nanny Wing."
The Good Estate Agent is proud to offer the oppoutunity to purchase a block of apartments situated on Newtown Road in Hereford!
" Commanding a Stunning Elevated Position with Breathtaking Countryside Views over Terraced Gardens cascading down to the River Wye, this remarkable Detached 4 Double Bedroom Family Home is quietly set in most sought after Hampton Park, revelling in a rural feel while close to all City amenities...."
" A Captivating Detached 5 Double Bedroom Victorian Country House, masterfully reimagined and extended to create a stunning modern Family Home including potentially fully self-contained Annexe, basking in encircling rural views across Haywood & Belmont Country Park, yet set deceptively close to n..."
Comprises 2 Town Houses (1 sold-off) and 3 Residential Apartments (1 sold-off)
Brandon Villa is a former coach depot with site comprising a detached residence probably constructed in the 1960’s together with a block built workshop and a mostly hard surfaced yard. The residential property is in good condition although of course it has to be demolished as part of the scheme.<...
"Situated on Vineyard Road, a five bedroom arts and crafts style property. Featuring kitchen with Aga, music room/snug, sitting room, dining room, original features throughout and internal swimming pool. Gated private driveway and double garage."
A Superb Detached Family Home Located in the Sought After Area of Hampton Park | Kitchen/ Dining Room | Living Room | Dining Room | Study | Large Conservatory | 5 Double Bedrooms plus 2 Attic Rooms | 3 Ensuites | Family Bathroom | Downstairs Shower Room | Potential Annex Development | Large Gard...
"A thriving guest house business set within the leafy conservation area of the cathedral city of Hereford, Charades is a fine example of Victorian elegance with period features throughout and a flexible lay out including 6 en-suite guest bedrooms along with a spacious dining room leading through t..."
"Set in an elevated position with southerly views over Hereford city, a stunning 5 bedroomed detached family house with gardens and grounds of 1.5 acres, enjoying swimming pool and studio/playroom, plus additional outbuildings. "
"Highly attractive site with three building plots in slightly elevated, tucked away location About an acre site with lovely views to the South Exciting contemporary designs with planning for 2x 5 bed houses & a 4 bed, all with double garages. Set in this sought after leafy subur..."
"An Exceptionally Well Presented Modern Detached House Situated In A Quiet Residential Area Close To The Centre Of Hereford Offering Family Orientated Accommodation Of Four Bedrooms, With One Benefitting From An En-Suite, Separate Garden Room/Office, Mature Private Garden And Ample Off Road Parkin..."
This wonderful family home is located to the east of the city centre in a prime location. The Park is an established residential development which was created in the 1980's by Bovis Homes and is located on the south side of Hampton Park Road approximately one mile east of the centre of Hereford.
"'Located to the east of the city centre in a prime residential locality, on a prestigious development, a substantial detached house offering extensive accommodation including five bedrooms and a double garage, set on a half acre of gardens which run down to the River Wye.'"
"An extended detached 4 bedroom family home located at the end of a private road, just 1.3 miles from Hereford city center. Briefly comprises of a wrap around garden and patio areas, modern kitchen/breakfast room, utility, loft room and double garage with amble private parking"
"Trivett Hicks is pleased to offer this is a very exiting opportunity for BTL investors to purchase a block of four very unusual terrace houses and potentially to increase rental yield. 2 NEWTOWN RD, 173, 175, & 177 WIDEMARSH STREET offering very spacious accommodation on three floors only 0.5 mil..."
"Situated down a country lane with paddocks, stables and country style garden. Featuring three bedrooms, with potential for a fourth, lounge,"
"BARN CONVERSION Detached 4 bedroom property on the unique development of Holmer House Farm on the outskirts of HEREFORD CITY CENTRE. Holmer House Cottage is a stunning 4 bedroom property. Open Plan Living provides the house a cosy, at-home atmosphere. ENERGY EFFICIENT & fitted to a HIGH SPEC."
"BARN CONVERSION Semi- detached 4 bedroom property on the unique development of Holmer House Farm on the outskirts of HEREFORD CITY CENTRE. 2 Holmer House Close is a stunning 4 bedroom property. Open Plan Living provides the house a cosy, at-home atmosphere. ENERGY EFFICIENT & fitted to a HIGH SPEC."
LARGE DETACHED 4 bedroom stunning new build property on the unique development of Holmer House Farm on the outskirts of HEREFORD CITY CENTRE. ENERGY EFFICIENT - on average you could SAVE over £3100 a year on energy bills!DISCOVER YOUR DREAM HOME for 2023 today ...
"A freehold investment opportunity to acquire 5 individual flats comprising; 3 two beds, a 1 bed and a studio flat. Income is currently circa £35,000 PA, but we do believe this could be further enhanced. The properties are all in fair order, benefitting from gas central heating and are co..."
"'Located off Whitecross Road just west of the city centre in an established residential district a superb detached five bedroom, three storey Victorian home with driveway and south-west facing rear gardens with raised entertaining area.'"
"'Located to the west of the City, in the highly favoured Kings Acre district, an exceptional detached house in terms of the level of accommodation offered and its presentation.'"
Detached | Family Home | Four Bedrooms | Living Room | Open Plan Kitchen/Dining Room | Conservatory | Family Bathroom | En-Suite Shower | Garage | WC | Rear Garden | Patio | Off Road Parking | Freehold | EPC Rating C Purplebricks are pleased to offer onto the market this well presented and spaci...
Beautifully presented Four bedroom detached family home | Popular residential area to the South of Hereford City | Tastefully updated throughout | Open plan kitchen / dining area | Detached single garage & off road parking | En suite shower room | Attractive rear garden | Call Connells!
"* UNEXPECTEDLY AVAILABLE * in a highly sought after residential location, This extended, modernised 1930's period property offers fantastic family accommodation, The property has a large south facing garden, downstairs cloakroom, multiple reception rooms all with a greater further potential."
" Convenient central location a superb 3 bedroom Penthouse Apartment with two en-suite shower rooms, fine views across the River Wye, rooftop garden with Cathedral views. Internal inspection highly recommended."
"This is a wonderful opportunity to own an immaculately presented penthouse apartment in the centre of the City of Hereford Located in Hereford city centre, with stunning views over the river and cathedral grounds. This two storey pent house apartment, boasting underfloor heating and garden terrace."
" A Spacious Detached 4 Bedroom House, situated in a peaceful cul-de-sac just off the desirable area of Aylestone Hill, Hereford. Entrance Hall – Sitting Room – Kitchen/Breakfast Room – Dining Room – Conservatory – Snug – Utility Room – Downstairs WC &..."
"Situated in a highly sought-after location a superb detached house with 4 bedrooms, 1 en-suite, 2 Reception rooms, kitchen/diner, garage, off-road parking. Must be viewed. "
"'Situated in the popular location of Breinton Lane and to the west of central Hereford, an established detached family home which is centrally heated and double glazed, with four bedrooms, off-road parking and a good sized rear garden.'"
"Situated on the popular Kings Acre Road, close to countryside, is this four bedroom detached property. A kitchen/breakfast room, utility, lounge, dining room, four bedrooms - two of which are on the ground floor and three with en-suite. A garage and gated driveway with room for multiple vehicles."
"'Situated in a highly sought after residential location, off Penn Grove Road, to the north of Hereford City centre, a superbly presented three bedroom detached family home which is centrally heated and double glazed with off-road parking, garage and gardens.'"
"Set in this sought-after area of the city on Aylestone Hill, an exclusive development of residential apartments built in 2007 by the highly respected builders I E Developments Ltd. This gated development in its prime location offers spacious accommodation, individually designed and oozin..."
"Occupying a convenient City location, a 1930’s family house, extensively refurbished with double glazing, central heating, off road parking, garaging and numerous outbuildings/offices"
The Good Estate Agent is proud to offer to the market this lovely 4 bedroom detached property with fantastic gardens situated on Ross Road! Viewing Highly Recommended
"A large kitchen dining area and separate study, the Manford 4 bedroom home has plenty of space for the family."
"ANDREW MORRIS are proud to present this stunning, four-bedroom, three reception room, detached family home beautifully positioned on the north edge of the city. | HALL | LIVING ROOM | DINING ROOM | KITCHEN BREAKFAST ROOM | STUDY/HOME OFFICE | UTILITY | CLOAKROOM WC | FOUR BEDROOMS | EN-SUITE | B..."
"Our Harwood homes at Hereford Point are selling fast - so don't miss your chance to secure this energy efficient, new family home!"
" A Beautifully Presented Detached 5 Bedroom House, with garage, driveway and private gardens, all situated in a popular residential area close to countryside on the outskirts of Hereford City. Entrance Hall – Sitting Room – Kitchen/Breakfast Room – Dining Room – Conser..."
"Situated on Ross Road, a detached 1930's style property set back from the road. Featuring off road parking for four cars, a garage, rear lane access to a workshop, kitchen diner, conservatory, large lounge and private garden. In need of some modernisation; but would make an ideal home."
"Located on this sought after modern, select development on the edge of Holmer, is this four bedroom detached house. The property enjoys a fine rural outlook and benefits from three reception rooms, a garage, utility room, en suite shower room, downstairs Wc, central heating and double glazing. ..."
" Outskirts of the city an impressive 4 bedroom detached house with 4 reception rooms, kitchen, utility, en-suite shower room, private rear garden, double garage. Ideal family home."
OUSTANDING INVESTMENT YIELDING NEAR 7% NET! Fully licensed and tenanted high quality HMO within walking distance of the city centre.
"Need to sell your home? We'll handle everything, including the fees, when you buy the Burns with our Assisted Move scheme!"
Growing families will feel right at home in the spacious Trusdale with its four bedrooms and practical ground floor layout.
"** INVESTORS LOOK NO FURTHER ** A Fantastic opportunity has become available to own a FREEHOLD, beautiful, ""Victorian Style"" Semi Detached property. Located near the heart of Hereford City Centre, Offering a total of Five / Six bedrooms and a further potential to further develop."
"The Point is located at the top of the leafy suburb of Aylestone Hill being a landmark development only a short distance from the City centre. The property boasts spacious accommodation over three floors including open plan kitchen, living, dining space, top floor master suite with balcony to ..."
"'Situated to the north of Hereford City in the popular residential location of Holmer a well presented modern four bedroom detached family home with kitchen/dining room, sitting room, separate utility, en-suite to the master bedroom, off road parking for three cars and enclosed rear garden'"
"Situated in a popular residential location, this ground floor three bedroom Maisonette is a fantastic investment, as well as great opportunity for first time buyers to get onto the property ladder. Comprising three bedrooms, outdoor space and further potential throughout.We highly recommend viewing"
Families or couples looking for practical and generous living space will find all they need in the well proportioned 4 bedroom Midford.
" An immaculate detached family home in a sought-after residential location with 4 bedrooms, en-suite, open-plan kitchen/dining/family room, downstairs WC, garage & garden - MUST BE VIEWED!! "
" Highly sought-after location a spacious 5 bedroom family semi-detached house with 4 reception rooms, kitchen, cloakroom, double garage, ample parking, extensive side and rear gardens. Must be viewed. "
"A new development of bespoke detached bungalows, situated on Ross Road in Hereford."
"Detached Home within North Hereford City | Extended with 4 Bedrooms & Dressing Room | Lounge, Kitchen Diner & Snug Space | Private Gardens | Immaculate & Modern | Detached Garage & Off Road Parking"
"'Set to the south of the city in a riverside location, a five bedroom, three storey house, two reception rooms, kitchen and utility. Conveniently situated close to Hereford City Centre'"
This beautiful detached bungalow is situated in the popular residential area of Aylestone Hill. Contemporary home with far-reaching views in a sought-after residential location this is one you wouldn't want to miss. So call now to book an early viewing to avoid disappointment.
" Situated in popular residential location a 4 bedroom detached house with views across Hereford, very large gardens, detached garage and driveway. Viewing highly recommended. "
"Offering a luxurious top floor MASTER SUITE, with larger bedrooms on the first floor perfect for guests, the Morris really does offer plenty of space for the whole family."
" On the outskirts of the city a deceptively spacious detached dormer bungalow with 4/5 bedrooms, large gardens and ample parking, countryside views to the rear. Ideal for family or retirement. Must be viewed! "
An immaculate extended 4 bedroom detached bungalow situated on Ross Road in Hereford. Must be viewed!
"'Located on the northern outskirts of Hereford, a historic dwelling with 'contemporary' single storey extension to the rear, which is centrally heated and double glazed with parking and an attractive garden.'"
'A quite exceptional apartment which occupies the whole of the ground floor of this landmark Grade II Listed residence which is located just to the east of the city centre.' 
"'Set in a cul-de-sac on the eastern outskirts of Hereford in a highly sought residential location, a well presented four bedroom detached house which is provided with gas central heating and double glazing, with off-road parking, garage and rear garden.'"
A predominantly level area of pastureland with good access extending to approximately 8.69 acres in this prominent location.
" >Superb development site within easy reach of the City with Detailed Planning Consent for 10 Apartments, 8 Parking spaces. All main services available. "
" A Beautifully Presented Detached 4 Double Bedroom House, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac at the heart of the ever popular Hampton Dene district in Hereford. Entrance Hall – Kitchen – Sitting Room – Study/Dining Room – Downstairs WC – Under-Stairs Storage – ..."
EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - FULLY TENANTED AND LICENSED HMO! Beautiful six bedroom property which has recently benefited from full renovation.
"Situated behind electric gates, a three double bedroom property with conservatory, separate dining room, double garage with self-contained one bedroom annex on first floor. With private gardens backing on to a lake and off road parking for at least 5 cars."
" A Spacious Detached 3 Double Bedroom Family Home, located off the Roman Road in North Hereford, with great travel connections. Porch – Entrance Hall – Kitchen/Dining Room – Sitting Room – Conservatory – Utility Room – Downstairs WC – Storage – ..."
" Attractive semi-detached Country Cottage in lovely rural surroundings just 1 miles north of Hereford, oak fitted kitchen, conservatory, 3 bedrooms, en-suite, long garden (180ft long) and office & store. "
" Highly sought-after location an impressive 3 bedroom extended semi-detached with a superb kitchen/diner, good sized rear garden, ideal family home. MUST BE VIEWED! "
"Offered For Sale With Tenants In Situ, A well presented three bedroom end terraced house offering ideal family accommodation. The property benefits from no onward chain, two reception rooms, good sized rear garden and to fully appreciate this property we highly recommend a viewing."
"A period detached property enjoying a wealth of character, being in immaculate order throughout and enjoying substantial gardens backing onto the quarry at Tupsley, which is ideal for those who love open spaces, has the advantage of full gas fired central heating, double glazing, four bed..."
" Highly sought-after location a spacious 4/5 bedroom semi-detached house with a large kitchen/diner, private rear garden, ideal family home. Must be viewed!! "
"An Immaculately Presented, Detached Family Home Located in a Private Cul De Sac Overlooking a Green | 4 Bedrooms, 1 Ensuite | Living Room | Dining Room | Modern Kitchen | Conservatory | Family Bathroom | Integral Garage | Off Road Parking | South Facing Rear Garden | Viewing Highly Recommended"
"No.1 - 'The East Wing' A newly completed 4-bedroomed town house with its own entrance, originally part of the main Estate house with exceptionally large terrace, garden and magnificent views. 141.86 sq m 1527 sq ft"
"A very well presented detached property, recently completed and enjoying a cul de sac position. The property benefits from an en suite shower room off the main bedroom, a lovely kitchen/ dining area with integrated appliances, a downstairs Wc, Utility room, central heating and double glazing. ..."
"Four bedroom townhouse conversion with great terrace and magnificent views in small country Estate, close to Hereford City Centre"
" Outskirts of city an impressive 4 bedroom detached house with modern kitchen/diner, garage, ample parking, ideal family home. Must be viewed!!! "
A most impressive Victorian semi detached residence retaining many original features directly overlooking the River Wye.
" A Detached 4 Bedroom Family Home, nestled in the corner of a popular cul-de-sac just a stone’s throw from the Herefordshire Colleges and within walking distance of the City Centre. Entrance Hall – Sitting Room – Dining Room – Kitchen – Downstairs WC – Stor..."
"'Set to the north west of Hereford City in the popular district of Kings Acre an extended three bedroom semi detached family home with superb kitchen/breakfast room, off road parking, garage and good sized enclosed rear garden'"
"Situated off the popular Kings Acre Road, a three bedroom semi-detached property. Featuring off road parking and garage, landscaped gardens, kitchen/breakfast, snug, formal lounge, downstairs wc and utility. Viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate the potential in this ideal family home."
" A Beautifully Presented 3 Bedroom Detached House, with excellently maintained front & rear gardens and a selection of downstairs reception rooms; located in the popular area of Holmer, Hereford. Entrance Hall – Kitchen/Dining Room – Pantry – Sitting Room – Conservator..."
"'An individual well appointed detached residence which is centrally heated and double glazed with driveway, garage and gardens.'"
"With a play area nearby, this traditional home is perfect for family life."
"Located on Hinton road south of Hereford City Centre, a 3 bedroomed extended bungalow which has been renovated throughout to a high standard. The property benefits from open dining/lounge area, kitchen, 3 bedrooms and shower room. "
" Stunning Penthouse Apartment in a landmark Grade II Listed building, 3 bedrooms, en-suite, study, over 1500 sq ft., recently comprehensively renovated, designated parking, private garden. "
"Situated on Portland Street, a Grade II listed, four double bedroom, mid terrace property. This well presented character property briefly comprises of downstairs W.C. & utility area, private walled garden and off-road parking. Viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate what is on offer."
LARGE SEMI DETACHED 3 bedroom stunning new build property on the unique development of Holmer House Farm on the outskirts of HEREFORD CITY CENTRE. ENERGY EFFICIENT - on average you could SAVE over £3100 a year on energy bills!DISCOVER YOUR DREAM HOME for 2023 today ...
" Extended detached house in popular residential location with 3/4 bedrooms, large attic, gas central heating, good sized garden, garage. A lovely family home. Must be viewed. NO ONWARD CHAIN. "
"'Located in a highly sought after residential district to the east of central Hereford, a three bedroom inner terrace property, with two reception rooms, conservatory, off-road parking and garden.'"
" Popular edge of city location a spacious 4 bedroom detached house with luxury kitchen/breakfast room, en-suite shower-room, detached double garage. Ideal family home. "
"Tucked away in a peaceful cul-de-sac, this well presented three/four bedroom dormer bungalow is offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN! Benefiting from garage and off road parking. The property also has a fantastic further potential insode and out."
" Outskirts of the city a spacious 4 bedroom family house with 3 reception rooms, en-suite shower room, private rear garden, garage. Must be viewed. "
"The Lawrence is one of our larger 3 bed homes for sale, with a corner position style WEST FACING GARDEN and a dual aspect sociable lounge."
"A lovely three bedroom semi detached property located in this sought after area. The property benefits from gas central heating, double glazing, a downstairs wc, utility room, two main reception rooms with traditional features, plentiful off road parking, garage and lovely gardens with rural outl..."
"This exceptional house has been completely updated by the current owners, with an almost no expense spared approach and now truly represents spacious modernity and open plan style! Viewing of this property is the only way to fully appreciate what is being offered. Please be aware that the asking ..."
"SOUGHT AFTER RESIDENTIAL LOCATION WITH AMENITIES CLOSE BY. This is a well maintained detached house that offers flexible accommodation of either two bedrooms, two reception rooms or three bedrooms, one of which would then be downstairs and living room across the front of the property. Furthe..."
"This Beautiful three bedroom semi-detached property is located in the popular residential location of Tupsley, Hereford. Benefiting from great interior and exterior space, open plan entertaining areas, south facing garden, modernised throughout, yet with a great further potential."
"A spacious 2 Bedroom Ground Floor Apartment with large wrap around decked terrace and garden areas, adjoining open countryside with lovely views."
" Excellent detached house in popular location with 4 bedrooms, gas central heating, double glazing, good sized rear garden, garage, parking. Must be viewed. "
"A much altered and extended 3 bedroom family home set along a quiet road just away from Whitecross Road. The property itself briefly comprises; Entrance Porch, Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, impressive wooden Conservatory, Shower Room with WC and large Garage with Utility space."
A Detached 4 Bedroom Family Home Location the Popular Residential Area of Kings Acre | Living Room | Dining Room | Kitchen | Cloakroom | Garage | Off Road Parking | Gas Heating | Enclosed Rear Garden | In Need of Some Modernisation | Viewing Highly Recommended
Exceptional country house conversion in prime rural location with outstanding views across the Hereford city borders. Easy access into the city.
"'Situated in a highly sought after Belmont residential district and to the south of central Hereford, a well presented detached home which is centrally heated and double glazed, with four bedrooms, off-road parking and enclosed rear garden.'"
"Located in the popular residential area of Holmer, a beautifully presented 3 bedroomed semi detached property which provides accommodation over 3 floors. The property benefits from lounge, kitchen/dining space which opening to utility, 2 double bedrooms with family bathroom and the second floo..."
A superb third floor three bedroom apartment in a convenient city centre location overlooking the River Wye and adjacent parks
"'Situated to the south of Hereford in the popular residential location of Belmont a four bedroom detached family home which would benefit from some upgrading with off road parking, garage and enclosed rear garden'"
"This lovely link-detached home is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Situated on the southern outskirts of the City in the popular residential area of Belmont, with great local amenities. Being well presented throughout this is one you don't want to miss. Call now to book an early viewing!!"
" Situated on the outskirts of the city a spacious 4 bedroom detached residence with 2 large reception rooms, breakfast kitchen, good sized corner plot, ideal for family or retirement. Must be viewed!"
"The Makenzie is our largest 3 bed home at Hereford Point, offering space across 3 flexible floors and a luxurious master suite with en suite on the top floor!"
"Reduce your energy bills by thousands with an energy efficient new build home just like the Makenzie available at Hereford Point,"
"With 3 bedrooms and a sociable kitchen diner, the semi-detached Gosford is perfect if you're looking for a little extra space."
"Well-presented accommodation | CLICK HERE for more information on this well-presented, detached, three bedroom bungalow located 1½ miles east of Hereford city centre. | Hall | Lounge | Conservatory | Kitchen | Three Bedrooms | En-Suite Cloakroom WC | Bathroom | Driveway Parking | Garage | Rear G..."
" Stunning first floor apartment, purpose built for over 50's, exclusive residential development, 3 bedrooms, 2 en-suite, garage, covered balcony, lovely communal gardens. Viewing advised. "
"***MUST BE VIEWED*** A beautifully renovated and highly spacious four bedroom, Victorian townhouse having a generously sized rear garden. Wealth of nearby amenities and being located just over 1 mile north of Hereford city centre.   | ENTRANCE HALL | LIVING ROOM | OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN DINING ROOM |..."
"ANDREW MORRIS offer for sale this spaciously planned, semi-detached house having two receptions and three bedrooms located 1.5 miles NE of Hereford city centre. | HALL | LIVING ROOM | DINING ROOM | CONSERVATORY | KITCHEN | THREE BEDROOMS | BATHROOM | GARDENS | PARKING | GARAGE |"
" A Modern and Fully Licensed 5 Bedroom House of Multiple Occupation, currently being run as a successful business and available with No Onward Chain. This fully compliant and licensed, 5 bedroom HMO, is located in a great location near the City Centre, perfect for working professionals. Entr..."
"RETIRE IN STYLE TO THIS SPACIOUS APARTMENT - WITH BALCONY VIEWS OVER GARDENS & POND. (Over 50's) Located in the popular residential area of Belmont, set within the grounds of Belmont Abbey. This surprisingly spacious first-floor apartment features gas central heating, double glazing, communal..."
"Situated to the North side of Hereford this wonderful semi-detached home has been finished to the good standard throughout. Positioned close to local schools, transport links and local amenities this is the perfect home for first time buyers who are looking to get onto the property ladder."
"A detached, three bedroomed family home in an ideal location with nearby schools and amenities. Featuring lounge, separate dining room, conservatory, downstairs wc and family shower room, garden accessible through the garage and rear double gates."
" A Stylish and Beautifully Presented 2 Double Bedroom Executive Apartment, with a contemporary open plan style and boasting lovely elevated riverside views, near to the City Centre of Hereford and all Offered With No Onward Chain. Entrance Hall – Open Plan Kitchen/Dining/Sitting Room &n..."
"Situated in a cul de sac position, This Three bedroom semi-detached home is offerd for sale with an onward chain agreed. Comprising large gardens, views over the North Of Hereford City, multiple reception rooms, off road parking with garage and with a fantastic further potential!"
Detached | Four Bedrooms | Living Room | Kitchen/Dining Room | Family Bathroom | En-Suite Shower Room | WC | Rear Garden | Double Glazing | Gas Central Heating | Freehold | EPC Rating C Set within the popular Saxongate development is this immaculately presented family home offering spacious livi...
"A new development of bespoke detached bungalows, situated on Ross Road in Hereford.  "
'Located on the western outskirts of Hereford and adjoining fields to the rear an established detached three bedroom home with generous rear garden.'
"Act fast to make the most of our £7,000 CASHBACK offer, helping make your new home more affordable right from the start."
"Pleasantly located in a most sought after residential district of the city, only 0.25 miles northeast of Hereford City, a 3 bedroomed semi detached property giving a purchaser the opportunity to very much make their own mark. "
Don't miss out - we only have 2 Kilburn homes remaining at Hereford Point in 2023! Get in touch to secure yours today.
"Reserve now to receive FLOORING THROUGHOUT & £7,000 CASHBACK to use however you need to help you get moving to the Kilburn at Hereford Point."
Beautifully Presented 3 Bedroom Family Home | Popular Residential Area to the North of Hereford City | Ground Floor Extension | Open Plan Kitchen / Dining Area | Garage & Off Road Parking | Attractive Rear Garden | Gas Heating
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! Situated North of Hereford City Centre is this 5 bedroom semi-detached house, which offers highly spacious and well-presented accommodation over three storeys. Further features include, driveway parking, enclosed rear garden and flexible living. The property would make an ide..."
"Riverview Court was built by Perfection Homes Limited which comprises 25 luxury apartments. Being in close proximity to the Hereford Cathedral, The Mappa Mundi Museum and The Bishops Palace & Cloisters The main feature of the apartment is the southerly facing aspect with easterly facing 5 ft p..."
LARGE SEMI DETACHED 2 bedroom stunning new build property on the unique development of Holmer House Farm on the outskirts of HEREFORD CITY CENTRE. ENERGY EFFICIENT - on average you could SAVE over £3100 a year on energy bills!DISCOVER YOUR DREAM HOME for 2023 today ...
" Great family house within easy reach of the city centre, 4 good-sized bedrooms, gas central heating, double glazing, gas central heating, large rear garden."
"'Situated to the north of central Hereford in the popular Bobblestock residential district, a four bedroom detached home, with off-road parking and an enclosed rear garden.'"
"Situated in the Eign Hill area of Hereford, a three bed semi detached property with off road parking, single garage and a South facing landscaped garden. Conveniently located one a half miles to Hereford city centre."
The Good Estate Agent is proud to bring this fantastic three/four bedroom property to the market!
"Situated 100 yards from Belmont Park, a beautifully presented three bedroom detached property. Featuring off road parking and garage with utility area. Occupying a corner position with an enclosed garden. Three bedrooms, one with en-suite."
"NO CHAIN Trivett Hicks is pleased to offer this spacious four bedroom detached house with garage and large workshop/studio. The property is situated to the southern side of Hereford city. The accommodation briefly comprises of entrance hall, living room, fitted kitchen/dining a..."
"'Situated to the north-east of Hereford City centre, an extended three bedroom semi-detached property which occupies a corner plot, with the potential to extended (subject to planning).'"
"This is a unique opportunity for applicants to purchase a ground floor apartment, situated within the hear of Hereord City centre. The property benefits from two/three bedroom accommodation with family bathroom along with one shower room en-suite together with a highly bespoke-designed kitchen..."
"'Situated to the south of Hereford city a five bedroom semi detached family home with two reception rooms, en-suite to the principal bedroom, gas central heating and enclosed rear garden'"
"DESIGN OPTIONS AVAILABLE | an opportunity to purchase a ground-floor apartment offering spacious three bedroom accommodation located within the city centre. Currently being converted, there is the opportunity for design input for finishing touches | Lobby | Hall | Two Principal Bedrooms, one wit..."
" A Spacious Modern 4 Bedroom Town House, offering generous living space set across 3 storeys and with private garden, garage and off-road parking, set in a quiet residential area of Holmer, North Hereford and Offered With No Onward Chain. Entrance Hall – Kitchen/Dining Room – Stud..."
"VICTORIAN HOUSE WITH THE MODERN TOUCH. A lovely example of a three bedroom Victorian house in a popular residential area within walking distance of the City Centre. There are stairs to an attic room, upstairs family bathroom, a recently added downstairs cloakroom, two reception rooms, extende..."
"A PROPERTY TO SUIT FIRST TIME BUYERS, INVESTMENT BUYERS & BUYERS DOWNSIZING. An immaculately presented and spacious three bedroom semi detached house located on the popular Northern edge of Hereford. Countryside walks are close by and on a nice evening you can take a stroll to The Secret Gard..."
"A two bedroom detached bungalow located in this sought after area. The property benefits from central heating, double glazing, a lovely garden room, a garage and generous gardens. In need of modernisation, this property offers a lovely blank canvass for anyone looking to move to this premier loca..."
" Outskirts of city a spacious detached bungalow with 2 reception rooms, fitted kitchen, 2 double bedrooms, garage, attractive gardens. Ideal for retirement! "
"ANDREW MORRIS present this three-bedroom, two reception, detached bungalow which offers the opportunity for updating. Conveniently located less than 1 mile from the city centre near to a variety of amenities. | PORCH | HALL | LIVING & DINING ROOM | SITTING ROOM | KITCHEN | CONSERVATORY | THREE B..."
" Stunning Victorian property situated in popular Whitecross residential area with 2 bedrooms, 2 reception rooms, converted cellar, Gas central heating, double glazing, recently refurbished throughout. Viewing essential!! "
"A luxury two double bedroom apartment located in the centre of the city. The property benefits from an En Suite shower room, a main bathroom, open plan living area with fully integrated appliances including a built in cooker and hob with hood over, dishwasher, washing machine and fridge / freeze..."
A Well Presented Detached Family Home in a Cul De Sac Location just South of Hereford City Centre | Living Room | Kitchen/ Breakfast Room | Second Reception Room/ Bedroom 4 | Dining Room | 3 Bedrooms | Family Bathroom | Enclosed Rear Garden | Off Road Parking | Gas Heating | Double Glazing | Cloa...
"Exclusively designed for the over 60s, this is a stunning new development of one and two bedroom retirement apartments located close to the city."
"Exclusively for the over 60's William Grange by McCarthy and Stone is a fabulous new retirement development just a 10-minute walk from the city centre, offering 20-one bed and 34 two-bed apartments. Apartment 50 offers 2 bedroom accommodation and is situated on the second floor with sou..."
"Exclusively for the over 60's William Grange by McCarthy and Stone is a fabulous new retirement development just a 10-minute walk from the city centre, offering 20-one bed and 34 two-bed apartments. Apartment 36 offers 2 bedroom accommodation and is situated on the first floor with south facing o..."
This wonderful detached family home is positioned in a popular lower Bullingham area. Offering large rooms throughout and off road parking to the front this is the perfect home for growing families to enjoy so call now to book an early viewing to avoid disappointment.
"Situated within a City Centre Location. An extended, semi-detached home with approved planning permission to further extend is offered for sale. Overlooking the local ""widemarsh common"". Multiple reception rooms throughout, large rear garden and conveniently positioned. We highly recommend a viewing"
"ANDREW MORRIS are delighted to market this three bedroom, semi-detached family house offering spacious accommodation that would benefit from modernising. Situated in a cul-de-sac position located just 1 mile west of Hereford city centre.  | ENTRANCE HALL | LIVING ROOM | DINING ROOM | KITCHEN | U..."
"A traditional three bedroom extended semi-detached house located in this established area. Benefiting from a superb, extended kitchen with utility room, central heating and double glazing. Upstairs there are three bedrooms, one being en-suite with a family bathroom and downstairs there are two re..."
A Well Presented Mid Terrace House | Kitchen/ Dining Room | Utility Room | Cloakroom Living Room | 2/3 Bedrooms | Bathroom | Courtyard Garden | Parking | Garage | Popular Residential Area | Viewing Recommended | No Onward Chain
"A freehold building plot with consent for the construction of a detached dwelling of 1492 sq ft with garage, gardens and rural views. Accessed via an existing small rural development, the plot sits to the rear of the car park for Graftonbury Mews and adjacent to 11 Graftonbury Mews, bounded by fa..."
"Whether you are looking for a starter home, investment property, city bolt-hole, rental or maybe a holiday home, this special barn conversion on the western outskirts of Hereford city will be just the ticket."
"A very well presented and spacious property which has been substantially extended to offer a ground floor bedroom or extra reception with a shower room. The property also benefits from extended dining area, gas central heating and double glazing. Directions: Leave the city West on Westfaling ..."
"This single plot is for sale with full planning permission for a 3 bedroom detached dwelling measuring 1275 sqft, located in a sought after location with countryside views."
" Popular residential location, semi-detached Victorian house with 2 bedrooms, attic & cellar room, gas central heating, double glazing. Viewing advised. No onward chain! "
"Situated on Greyfriars Avenue, a three bedroom semi-detached property. In need of renovation this would make an ideal development project. A new kitchen has been fitted, but the potential opportunities available are endless. Please contact branch for full details."
ANDREW MORRIS park home department offer to the market this lovely new home boasting stunning 180-degree countryside views.  | HALL | LIVING & DINING ROOM | KITCHEN | TWO BEDROOMS | TWO BATHROOMS | GARDENS | PARKING |
BRAND NEW Park Home (42'x20') | Residential development | Over 45s | Pet friendly | Fully furnished | Small development | Countryside views | Bus stop at park entrance | Town facilities nearby | Decking | Premium plots | Part exchange available
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! A beautifully presented three bedroom house that has been refurbished by the current owners and offers ideal family living, located in the popular area of Whitecross. The property further benefits from a large enclosed rear garden and a newly installed heating system. An earl..."
"A traditional three bedroom semi detached house located to the North West of the city. The property which is in need of modernisation benefits from central heating, double glazing, good sized gardens, a downstairs wc and plentiful off road parking. Directions: Leave the city on the A49 Northbo..."
"Recently converted first floor 2 bedroom apartment with balcony, lovely countryside views, communal gardens and allocated car parking"
'A well presented first floor apartment with French door and balcony enjoying the outlook over the allotments'
"Trivett Hicks is pleased to offer this superb extended three bedroom property, which situated to the north of Hereford in this popular residential area. The home is close local amenities of Hereford city, which is less than one mile away and within walking distance of the local Co-op store. "
" Popular residential location a 3 bedroom detached house with en-suite, garage, off road parking, garden. No onward chain. "
"Located in a popular area within walking distance of Hereford City Centre, a three bedroomed town house, providing accommodation over three floors which includes a recently refitted kitchen to create open plan kitchen/dining room, three bedrooms, en-suite off the master, off road parking and g..."
New Two Bedroom Flat offered to the market
"'Situated to the north of Hereford city in a well established residential location a three bedroom mid terraced property with the added benefit of gas central heating and double glazing, cellar and courtyard rear garden'"
"Situated in a popular residential location, this deceptively spacious 4 bedroom 3 storey town house offers an ideal family home. The property is offered for sale with no onward chain and benefits from an en-suite master bedroom, fitted kitchen and garage. The property in brief offers; fitted kitc..."
"The Good Estate Agent is proud to bring to bring this beautiful 3 bedroom semi detached property in Queensway, Hereford "
A Well Presented Mid Terrace House | 3 Bedrooms plus Cellar Room | Living Room | Dining Room | Kitchen with Utility Area | Partially Converted Cellar | Family Bathroom | Gas Heating | Double Glazing | Enclosed Rear Garden | Viewing Recommended | No Onward Chain
" Extended semi-detached house in popular location with large ground floor space, 3 Bedrooms,gas central heating, double glazing, garage & gardens. "
"'Situated to the west of central Hereford, a well presented end of terraced home which is in excellent decorative order through out, centrally heated and double glazed with an enclosed rear garden.'"
End of Terrace home close to Hereford City | 3 Bedrooms | Off Road Parking & Garage | Wrap Around Gardens | Sold with No Onward Chain
"Exclusively for the over 60's William Grange by McCarthy and Stone is a fabulous new retirement development just a 10-minute walk from the city centre, offering 20-one bed and 34 two-bed apartments. Apartment 31 offers 2 bedroom accommodation and is south facing situated on the first floor."
ANDREW MORRIS are delighted to market this two bedroom period property. Offering well-presented accommodation throughout after recent modernisation. Located 1 mile west of the city centre in a popular district of Hereford.    | ENTRANCE HALL | LIVING ROOM | DINING ROOM | KITCHEN | GROUND-FLOOR WC...
"The Good Estate Agent is proud to bring to the market this lovely 3/4 bedroom terraced property situated in Whitecross, Hereford. "
"This three bedroom, Semi-Detached home is a fantastic opportunity for first time buyers! With a modern fitted kitchen, low maintenance garden to the rear. There are three bedrooms and family bathroom upstairs. With a single garage, parking to the front of the property and well presented throughout."
BRAND NEW Park Home (42'x20') | Residential development | Over 45s | Pet friendly | Fully furnished | Small development | Countryside views | Bus stop at park entrance | Town facilities nearby | Home available now | Part exchange available
"ANDREW MORRIS offer to the market this stunning, two-bedroom, detached park home located on the executive Green Crize park home site offering the perfect blend of country living with modern conveniences. | ENTRANCE HALL | LIVING ROOM | KITCHEN / DINER | TWO BEDROOMS | EN-SUITE | SHOWER ROOM | PA..."
" Within easy reach of the city an impressive 2 bedroom house with 2 reception rooms, kitchen, downstairs WC, useful cellar and loft room, attractive rear garden. Must be viewed! "
"NEW HOME: If you are looking for low maintenance bungalow with rural living, look no further than this fully residential, fully furnished park home for the over 45's."
"A Well Presented, Semi Detached Family Home Located just South of Hereford City Centre | 2 Reception Rooms | Extended Kitchen/ Dining Room | Utility Room | 3 Bedrooms | Family Bathroom | Enclosed Rear Garden | Off Road Parking | Gas Heating | Double Glazing | Viewing Recommended"
" Popular residential location a detached 2 bedroom bungalow with gas central heating, solar panels, double glazing, easy to maintain gardens, ideal for retirement. No onward chain."
CASH BUYER INCENTIVE If you are a cash buyer and purchase this property we will instruct you with one of our panel of solicitors and pay their fee! Terms & Conditions apply - contact us for more information
"Investors only! 1 of 5 modern three bedroom semi detached family homes, located in an exclusive development within walking distance of the City Centre. With accommodation spread over three floors the property is well suited to a family or a professional couple. This would also make an ideal Buy t..."
Attractive Period Detached Property | Sought After Location on the Edge of the City | Good Schooling Nearby | Two Double Bedrooms | Potential to Extend (subject to permission) | Large Garden | Period Features | Sold with No Onward Chain
" Popular residential location a 3 bedroom semi-detached house with gas central heating, double glazing, parking, ideal for first time buyer. Viewing advised! "
"ANDREW MORRIS offer for sale this three bedroom, semi-detached home located 2 miles west of Hereford city centre. The home offers the opportunity for some updating with parking and garage. | HALL | LIVING ROOM | KITCHEN | DINING ROOM | THREE BEDROOMS | BATHROOM | GARDENS | PARKING | GARAGE |"
"THREE STOREY TOWN HOUSE | a highly spacious, three storey, mid terrace town house occupies a sought-after position fronting onto Venns Lane less than 1 mile north-east of Hereford city centre. Offering flexible accommodation with lovely views from the top floor and benefiting from off road parkin..."
"A beautiful semi-detached home which is located in a popular and well established residential area. Located with excellent local amenities, buses and schooling all nearby this lovely family home is one you don't want to miss. Call now to book an early viewing to avoid disappointment."
" Outskirts of city a spacious 3 bedroom semi-detached house with gas central heating, double glazing, private rear garden, off road parking, garage. Ideal family home. "
" Mid-terraced house in sought-after residential location with 3 bedrooms, gas central heating, double glazing, off road parking, enclosed rear garden, off-road parking. Viewing advised."
"A Well Presented, Mid Terrace House Located in the Popular Residential Area of Kings Acre | Modern Kitchen | Living Room | Conservatory | 3 Bedrooms | Family Bathroom | Gas Heating | Double Glazing | Communal Parking | Garage to Rear of Property | Low Maintenance Rear Garden | Viewing Recommended"
"A well-presented semi-detached home which is in need of updating but could be made into something special. Located in the North Side of the City Centre and positioned close to the local schools, transport links and amenities this is the perfect home for first time buyers and growing families."
'A modern centrally located end of terrace three bedroom home which is provided with gas central heating and double glazing.'
" Popular residential location a spacious 3 bedroom end terraced house with 2 reception rooms, fitted kitchen, ideal family home, no onward chain. Must be viewed!! "
"ANDREW MORRIS present this brand new, detached park home situated on an executive site offering stunning countryside views whilst located just 1 mile from amenities on Holme Lacy Road.   | ENTRANCE HALL | LOUNGE / DINER | KITCHEN | TWO BEDROOMS | EN-SUITE | BATHROOM | GARDENS | PARKING |"
BRAND NEW Park Home (40'x20') | Residential development | Over 45s | Pet friendly | Fully furnished | Small development | Countryside views | Bus stop at park entrance | Town facilities nearby | Home available now | Part exchange available
"'Located to the south of Hereford City centre, a three bedroom semi-detached home which is centrally heated and double glazed, with off-road parking and enclosed rear garden.'"
" A Modern 3 Bedroom Semi-Detached House, situated in a quiet-cul-de-sac in the popular area of Saxon Gate, Hereford. Offered With No Onward Chain. Entrance Hall – Sitting/Dining Room – Kitchen – Downstairs WC – Under-Stairs Closet – 2 Double Bedrooms – Sing..."
"The Good Estate Agent is proud to bring to the market this lovely 3 bedroom semi detached property situated in Hoarwithy Road, Hereford. "
" Within easy reach of the city a deceptively spacious end terraced house with 3 reception rooms, kitchen, cloaks, cellar and 2 double bedrooms, private rear garden. Ideal for first time buyers. "
"Located along Edgar Street, along the fringe of the city, with only 5 minutes walk to Hereford City itself, a substantial 3 bedroomed end of terraced property, currently being used as an investment property, having the benefit of an alarm system which is hardwired to the mains, double glazing ..."
"Forming part of a small exclusive courtyard development of historic former riverside warehousing, an outstanding three bedroom townhouse with communal gardens and a lovely location adjacent to the River Wye"
"In a highly sought after and established residential area, a spacious semi-detached town house within easy walking distance of the city centre."
"Situated in the heart of the Bobblestock area, Hereford. This Semi-Detached Two Bedroom Bungalow is immediately available for viewings. Comprising garage and off road parking, an additional conservatory/reception room, newly fitted kitchen and south facing rear garden."
" Excellent semi-detached house in mature residential locality. 3 bedrooms, lounge, dining room, good-size garden, gas central heating and double-glazing. Ideal family house. "
Three Bedroomed Terrace Home | City Centre Location | Rear Garden | Permit Parking | Spacious Living Accommodation | Period Features | Ideal for First Time Buyers or Investors
"Trivett Hicks is pleased to offer this three bedroom Victorian style terrace home. The property is situated in the heart of Hereford city centre and has been improved to include decoration and carpets throughout. The accommodation briefly comprises of; living room, dining room, fitted..."
The Good Estate Agent is proud to bring to the market this 3 bedroom terraced property in Edgar Street Hereford. 
"ANDREW MORRIS are offering for sale this well-presented, three bedroom home which is located 2 miles SW of the city centre. The property boasts spacious accommodation with a garage and driveway to the rear. | HALL | LIVING ROOM | DINING ROOM | KITCHEN | CLOAKROOM WC | THREE BEDROOMS | SHOWER ROO..."
" Elegant ground floor apartment close to the city centre with 2 bedrooms, gas central heating, communal gardens, allocated parking. Viewing advised."
This wonderful semi-detached family home is situated in a popular residence to the South side of the City Centre. This great home is well presented and offers great size rooms throughout making this the perfect home for growing families and first time buyers.
"This two bedroom mid-terrace home is pleasantly located in a cul-de-sac in a well-established residential area about a mile and a half northwest of the Cathedral City of Hereford. Constructed in the 1970s, the property has replacement double-glazing and gas central heating,"
"'Situated to the south of central Hereford in the Redhill residential district, a two bedroom semi-detached bungalow which is centrally heated, with off-road parking, garage and enclosed rear garden.'"
"Located in a popular residential area, a three bedroomed terraced property, which has been updated to a high standard throughout and benefits from 2 reception rooms, kitchen, 3 bedrooms, bathroom and a good size garden. Viewing is highly recommended."
"Trivett Hicks is pleased to offer this well presented two bedroom house with character and period features. The property is situated on the Grandstand Road, the area has many amenities nearby and is approximately one mile from Hereford city centre. The home has recently had a gas boiler fitted ..."
"The Good Estate Agent is proud to bring to the market this 2 bedroom terraced property in Grandstand Road, Hereford. "
"The Good Estate Agent is proud to bring to the market this 2 bedroom end terrace property situated in Priory Place, Hereford. "
"*Reserve before the 31st March and build your own £750 offer towards white goods, legal fees, flooring, ring security package* The Swallow is a two bedroom semi-detached home available to purchase at a 40% share for £106,000 and a rent of £364.38pcm and a minimum deposit required of £5300."
"The Good Estate Agent is proud to bring to the market this 2 bedroom terraced property in Grandstand Road, Hereford."
Trivett Hicks is pleased to offer this well presented two bedroom house with character and period features. The proeprty is situated on the Grandstand Road. The area has many amenities nearby and is approximately one mile from Hereford city centre. The accommodation briefly includes living roo...
"Located in St James this property, offered with no onward chain, is ideally located to benefit from city living with amenities nearby including shops, the duck pond, the Castle Hotel, Left Bank restaruant and the St George playing fields."
" Semi-detached house in a convenient location with 2 good sized bedrooms, large bathroom, double glazing, gas central heating, excellent parking, large garden."
"Within easy reach of Hereford City Centre, a well presented two bedroom terraced house with loft room and cellar, gas central heating & good sized rear garden. Must be viewed to fully appreciate."
"Situated close to St Pauls's and Bishops schools, a three bedroom mid-terrace property. Set back from the road the property offers a lounge, dining room, kitchen with access to the garden. Rear garden with storage shed and access to a parking area."
" A Beautifully Presented 3 Bedroom Terrace Home, located approx. 2 miles south of Hereford City Centre, offering well maintained front & rear gardens, modern Kitchen/Diner and good storage. Open Porch – Entrance Hall – Sitting Room – Kitchen/Dining Room – Pantry &ndash..."
"Trivett Hicks is pleased to offer this two bedroom cottage style residence situated in Priory Place with planning permission to convert into a four bedroom home. The accommodation currently offers living room, dining room, kitchen to the ground floor. To the first floor two bedrooms and a bathr..."
" Overlooking the River Wye a stunning 2nd floor apartment with 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, allocated parking. No onward chain - Viewing highly recommended. "
"A period three bedroom terraced property which benefits from recently fitted double glazing, central heating, two reception rooms, a downstairs bathroom and gardens. Directions: Turning left off A49 Edgar St into Canonmoor St, turn left into Moorfield St and Walmer st. is on your right hand s..."
"Situated down a private lane. a two bedroom mid terrace property. Featuring a long south facing garden, separate allotment and shed. Inside; two bedrooms, attic conversion into storage area, newly refitted kitchen and lounge/diner. Viewing is recommended to fully appreciate this beautiful home."
Situated on Grandison Rise approx. 2.1 miles north of Hereford city centre is this 3 bedroom terraced house.
"A light, spacious and well presented apartment | Located in a sought after position within walking distance of Hereford city centre | Separate Kitchen & Lounge Diner | 2 Bedrooms & Bathroom | Allocated Parking & Communal Grounds"
"The Good Estate Agent is proud to bring to the market this 2 bedroom semi detached property in Polton Terrace, Hereford. "
"This superb two storey penthouse apartment, boasting underfloor heating, a large rooftop balcony with views overlooking Hereford and NO ONWARD CHAIN. It briefly comprises of a secure allocated car parking space, bicycle lockup, secure bin storage and benefits from lift access from the ground floor"
" An immaculately presented 2 bedroom end of terrace house in popular residential location with garden, garage, and parking. Viewing advised."
" Convenient central location an impressive over 60's retirement apartment with spacious lounge/dining room, one double bedroom, excellent decorative order. No onward chain! "
" Outskirts of city a spacious terraced house with 3 good sized bedrooms, lounge, kitchen/diner, cloakroom, ideal family home. Viewing essential. "
"ANDREW MORRIS offer for sale this two bedroom, mid-terrace townhouse located on the eastern fringe of the city centre.  | PORCH | LIVING ROOM | DINING ROOM | KITCHEN | TWO BEDROOMS | SHOWER ROOM | CELLAR | SHARED COURTYARD GARDEN |"
" Superb third floor apartment within easy reach of the city with 2 bedrooms, pleasant outlook, exclusive retirement complex, extensive on-site amenities. Viewing advised."
"A well presented two bedroom mid terraced house is situated in a popular residential location in North West Hereford.The property comprises of entrance hall, living room, kitchen/diner, rear porch, bathroom and two bedrooms.Additional benefits include gas heating, rear garden and..."
"Williams Estate Agents offer this very well presented, two bedroom, modern terraced house in Belmont. Double glazed, centrally heated, modern kitchen and bathroom, rear garden with decked area and feature wooden covered pergola. Viewing recommended! EPC - D ( CHECK OUT THE VIDEO TOUR) Located..."
"A pleasingly spacious two-bedroom apartment featuring remarkable views of the river and Hereford Cathedral. This lovely top-floor apartment features high ceilings throughout the accommodation and includes a welcoming hallway, an open-plan kitchen/living/dining room, two double bedrooms and a bat..."
"AN OPPORTUNITY TO BUY A FREEHOLD DETACHED COACH HOUSE. This is a fine example of a two double bedroom detached coach house that offers a large living room, kitchen with space for a table, your own area of outside space, carport and parking. ALL OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN, BOOK YOUR VIEW..."
" A Charming 2 Bedroom Victorian Cottage, full of character features and including off-road parking, set back from the road in Lower Bullingham, Hereford. Entry Lobby – Downstairs WC – Utility Closet – Sitting Room – Kitchen – Under-Stairs Storage – 2 Bedroo..."
"This mid-terrace home is positioned one mile south of Hereford's city centre. Nearby are a wealth of amenities to include Asda superstore, choice of further convenience stores and takeaway food outlets, public house, church and a regular bus service to the city centre."
" Modern terraced house in popular residential location, 2 bedrooms, gas central heating, double glazing, parking, garden. "
An End of Terrace House in Need of Modernisation and Updating | 3 Bedrooms | Living Room | Dining Room | Kitchen | Utility Room | Bathroom with Separate WC | Enclosed Rear Garden | On Street Parking | Gas Heating | Double Glazing | No Onward Chain
"FOR SALE BY AUCTION ON 9th February at 12:00 £185,000 PLUS A FLYING FREEHOLD FORMER PLACE OF WORSHIP"
Bungalow | Mid Terraced | Two Bedrooms | Living/Dining Room | Kitchen | Shower Room | Courtyard | Off Road Parking | No Onward Chain | Double Glazing | EPC TBC Set in a small and quiet cul de sac to the west of the city centre this terraced bungalow is offered on to the market with no onward cha...
"Located in the popular location of bobblestock, a two bedroom mid terraced property which benefits from kitchen, lounge-dining room, conservatory and allocated parking space."
" Located in a popular location a 2 bedroom apartment with gas central heating, off road parking, garage, garden. Ideal for investment for first time buyer. "
" Convenient city centre location a spacious duplex apartment with open plan living room/kitchen, 2 bedrooms, outside terrace enjoying fine views, covered parking space, ideal for FTB or investment. "
"Trivett Hicks is pleased to offer this generous two bedroom town house situated in Hereford city. The property has recently had brand new carpets, underlay, new vinyl flooring to the kitchen, bathroom and cloakroom. The residence has also just been decorated throughout. The accommodation offer..."
"This two bedroomed mid terraced house is pleasantly located in a well established residential area approximately 2 miles northwest of Hereford City and has the benefit of kitchen, lounge/dining room, double glazing and gas central heating, garden and detached single garage at the rear. "
" Retirement bungalow on exclusive development with 2 bedrooms, electric heating, double glazing, site manager. Over 60's."
Two bedroom first floor apartment | located in a popular position within walking distance of the city | Telephone entry system & private hallway | Allocated secure parking | Open plan living room & two bedrooms with built in wardrobes | Currently tenanted but available to all
"*NOW AVAILABLE TO VIEW* This two bedroom mid terraced is home is offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN and re decorated throughout. Comprising two bedrooms, bathroom, kitchen, lounge dining space and a rear garden with allocated off road parking, we highly recommend viewing!"
"Trivett Hicks is pleased to offer this generous two bedroom town house situated in Hereford city. The property has been recently decorated throughout and offers spacious accommodation with some character features. The accommodation offers in more detail, living room/diner, fitted kitchen to the..."
Situated to the South side of the river this semi-detached home is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN and is in need of work throughout but is a very spacious inside and out. Call Connells now to book an early viewing to avoid disappointment.
" 2 bedroom apartment with fitted kitchen, gas central heating, garden, allocated parking space. No onward chain. Ideal for investment. "
" Highly sought-after location a well maintained retirement apartment with 2 bedrooms, lounge, breakfast-kitchen, gas central heating, double glazing. Must be viewed!! "
" Popular residential location a one bedroom end terrace house with good sized rear garden, gas central heating, double glazing. Ideal for first time buyer or investment. No onward chain"
"'Located near to Bobblestock's amenities, an inner terrace house with two well proportioned bedrooms which is in need of some refitting and upgrading, with rear garden and garage.'"
This well presented back to back one bedroom house is located in a popular residential area on the Southern fringes of Hereford City and within walking distance of local amenities.
"An Exclusive Development of4 Apartments with Individual RoofGardens at 55 Commercial Street (Formerly A Natwest Bank) Hereford, HR1 2DJ Management Company Ground Rent/ Maintain Costs tba. ServicesMains water and drainage, and mains electricity with individual electric heating systems withe..."
" Popular location close to local amenities an elegant Victorian upper floor apartment with 2 bedrooms, garage and off-road parking. Viewing highly recommended."
"Conveniently located being 1.5 miles from Hereford, a two bedroom, mid terrace property. A low maintenance garden, verandah, storage sheds and inside featuring fitted kitchen/diner, lounge and front garden."
"Set just to the east of the city centre an attractively presented, well proportioned, purpose built, first floor, two bedroom apartment which is provided with gas central heating and double glazing. The property has a private garden area to the rear together with a garage"
" SIMPLY STUNNING! Take a look at this SPACIOUS and IMMACULATELY PRESENTED, TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR FLAT in Hampton Dene, Hereford. With ALLOCATED PARKING, AMPLE BUILT-IN STORAGE, MODERN FITTED KITCHEN & BATHROOM in this SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION. Don't delay, VIEW NOW! Located in thi..."
" Highly sought-after location a charming top floor apartment with large living space and separate kitchen, 2 bedrooms, wealth of character, ideal for 1st time buyers! "
" A Beautifully Presented 1 Bedroom End-Terrace House, with off-road parking and private front gardens, all set in the popular area of Bobblestock, Hereford. Open Plan Ground Floor: Kitchen/Dining/Sitting Room – Pantry Cupboard Storage – Double Bedroom – Boiler Cupboard/Wardr..."
"A very well presented two double bedroom middle terraced home which benefits from double glazing, recently fitted bathroom, storage heaters and gardens with hardstanding on front garden. Located to the South West of the city with excellent local facilities in nearby Belmont. Directions: Leav..."
The Good Estate Agent is excited to offer this fantastic & spacious three bedroom property.
"NO CHAIN Trivett Hicks is pleased to offer this two bedroom well presented apartment situated and ideally located for the city of Hereford, which provides many amenities. The accommodation in brief comprises hall, open plan living room/fitted kitchen with integrated appliance's, two..."
"'Set within the prestigious Rose Garden community a purpose built development which offers a wealth of amenities and facilities, a well proportioned second floor one bedroom apartment with private balcony'"
"Trivett Hicks are pleased to offer a rare opportunity to acquire a fabulous building plot, with permission granted for two one bedroom semi-detached properties. (subject to conditions). The plot is located in the popular residential area of Whitecross. (Planning Number: DCC060778/F). Det..."
"Trivett Hicks are pleased to offer this one bedroom home, which is situated in the area of Lower Bullingham, south of Hereford city. The property would benefit from some improvement. The accommodation briefly comprises of entrance hall, open plan living room, fitted kitchen all to the g..."
"A very well presented two bedroom detached park home set on this popular residential development, to the North West of the city. The property benefits from central heating, double glazing, a lovely kitchen/ breakfast room, recently fitted boiler, off road parking and gardens with off road parking..."
"'Located in a cul-de-sac to the west of central Hereford, a well presented two bedroom first floor flat, which is centrally heated and double glazed with parking and garden.'"
3 BED HOMES AVAILABLE FOR SHARED OWNERHIP - READY FOR THE SUMMER!
"IDEAL FIRST TIME OR INVESTMENT PURCHASE! This well presented, first floor one bedroom apartment sits in the popular area of St James and is within walking distance of the City centre. Further features include, original windows and one allocated parking space. SOLD WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"Great buy to let or first time buyer opportunity. This Well-presented, Two Bedroom first floor apartment benefits from an open plan Kitchen, Living & Dining Room, Shower Room, allocated parking space, private Garden area and 101 years left remaining on the lease plus no charge to extend the..."
"A two bedroom detached park home set on this popular residential development, to the North West of the city. The property benefits from central heating, double glazing, a new kitchen, boiler and shower room, off road parking and gardens. The property is subject to usual site rules.Over 50's O..."
"City Centre - Available NOW This well-presented one bedroom top floor apartment is ideally situated within the heart of Hereford City, a stones throw away from a wide range of shops, restaurants, bars, as well as Hereford County Hospital."
"City CentreThis well-presented one bedroom first floor apartment is ideally situated within the heart of Hereford City, a stones throw away from a wide range of shops, restaurants, bars, as well as Hereford County Hospital."
Top Floor Apartment | Beautifully Presented | One Bedroom | Outstanding Views | Parking | Open Plan Living | Walking Distance to Hereford City Centre | Sold with No Onward Chain
"'A third floor, purpose built retirement apartment in central location and in a position from which a westerly view is enjoyed. The property accommodation includes a living room, fitted kitchen, double bedroom and bathroom room along with ample storage. Communal garden areas and shared parkin..."
The Good Estate Agent is proud to offer this great one bedroom apartment to the market. Viewing is highly recommended!
Conveniently situated in City Centre location | Modern purpose-built Duplex Apartment | 2 bedrooms & open-plan living | Private Balcony & Roof top views | Door-entry phone system and gated secure entrance with Lift | Good investment or first purchase.
"A two bedroom Park Home measuring at 28"" x 20"" (8.53m x 6.09m) offering retirement accommodation on a popular site located just 2 miles west of Hereford's city centre.  | LOUNGE DINER | KITCHEN BREAKFAST ROOM | TWO BEDROOMS | BATHROOM | GARDENS | PARKING |"
"'Located on the established Brook Farm Court retirement development, a ground floor two bedroom apartment which is presented in good order throughout, with modern kitchen and wet room.'"
"Within the grounds of former small country house estate EXCEPTIONAL SMALL BUILDING PLOT with long frontage to the private driveway of the original Estate. The Gatehouse, Graftonbury Court, Grafton Lane, Hereford HR2 8FA. Any house to be built on this rather unique shaped plot wi..."
"Building plot formerly Graftonbury Gate House, for sale with outline planning for a 2 bedroom detached dwelling. Ideally lends itself to a self-build"
" First floor flat in convenient location with one bedroom, gas central heating, double glazing. No onward chain."
"A Recently Converted Modern First Floor Apartment, set within an iconic building in Hereford City Centre. The central location offers easy access to shops, restaurants, hospital and transport links such as the Bus and Railway Station. All Offered With No Onward Chain. Entrance Hall – Open Plan..."
" Sold via Secure Sale Online Bidding – Terms & Conditions Apply – Starting Bid: £80,000 A Recently Converted Modern First Floor Apartment, set within an iconic building in Hereford City Centre. The central location offers easy access to shops, restaurants, hospital and trans..."
"Offers Invited on this Retirement accommodation for over 55's, within close proximity to Hereford City Centre. A well presented one bedroom ground floor apartment with no onward chain. The property comprises of entrance hall with airing cupboard, bedroom, bathroom, lounge, and modern kitchen. Do..."
Reversionary FREEHOLD INTEREST ONLY. Subject to long Leases of three separately owned flats
