Summary
"Move in for SPRING with PART EXCHANGE! Includes LUXURY FLOORING and a LANDSCAPED GARDEN! Plot 7 The Mackintosh Garden Room is a DETACHED FAMILY HOME offering 1,980 SQUARE FEET of living space and an INTEGRATED DOUBLE GARAGE.The downstairs space comprises a light and spacious OPEN PLAN KITCHEN and..."
"Amazing opportunity to purchase a private estate. 5 Bedroom home with a 2 bedroom annex, agricultural outbuilding. Vast amounts of land with much potential for many uses. Council tax Band: H EPC Band: D"
Two luxury properties designed with uncompromising quality and meticulously detailed for an exquisite living experience.
"Set in approximately one acre of garden grounds, viewing comes highly recommended for this six bedroom, one and a half storey villa along with a separate two bedroom bungalow located approximately four miles from the city centre. Ideal for the growing family or as a bed and breakfast/rental prope..."
"Excellent opportunity to purchase 4 serviced apartments in immaculate condition close to the city Centre of Inverness. Currently run as successful holiday lets these would be Ideal for Investors or someone looking for a new business venture 
"
Stunning five bedroom home for sale on the edge of the city of Inverness
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this detached country property. The Ranch has amazing views, and has a bright spacious rooms, with a large glass frontage and set in approximately one acre of land with shared access. The layout of the house opens to amazing space perfect for a growing family."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a B Listed five bedroom detached villa set in approximately 0.88 acres of garden grounds on Caulfield Road North in the popular Cradlehall district of Inverness. The property offers many pleasing features including a modern kitchen diner with built in appliances, a ..."
"The Lawrie Grand is a fantastic family home with INTEGRATED GARAGE, offering nearly 2,300 SQUARE FEET of living space over THREE STOREYS. The downstairs area comprises a light and spacious OPEN PLAN DESIGNER KITCHEN, dining and family area which leads into the garden room, with CATHEDRAL STYLE WI..."
"TAILORED INCENTIVES AVAILABLE! The Lawrie Grand with a SOUTH WEST FACING GARDEN is a fantastic family home with INTEGRATED GARAGE, offering nearly 2,300 SQUARE FEET of living space over THREE STOREYS. The downstairs area comprises a light and spacious OPEN PLAN DESIGNER KITCHEN, dining and family..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this five bedroom traditional property with extensive grounds in a sought after area of Inverness, with excellent views across the City & down to the firth.
Boasting spacious accommodation across two floors with private access road & parking, enclosed garden, lar..."
"CLOSING DATE SET FOR WEDNESDAY, 14 December 2022 AT 12 NOON. A secluded house in a sheltered south facing setting with beautiful elevated views to the Moray Firth."
"*Part Exchange Available and Luxury Flooring Package Available*
Exciting opportunity to purchase a new build 5-bedroom detached family home in a beautiful new development located just three miles from the centre of the Highland Capital, Inverness."
LUXURY FLOORING INCLUDED! The beautifully designed Leonardo Garden Room with SOUTH WEST FACING GARDEN is a welcoming detached family home offering almost 1900 SQUARE FEET OF LIVING SPACE with a SEPARATE DOUBLE GARAGE. The downstairs area comprises a light and spacious OPEN PLAN DESIGNER KITCHEN a...
"A seven bedroom, semi-detached villa that holds potential to be run as a bed and breakfast, located in the popular, conservation area of Crown in Inverness."
"A substantial, detached bungalow in a delightful, private setting, with stunning, well-tended garden."
"This generously proportioned family home is positioned in a sought after area within Milton of Leys. This five bedroom property with detached double garage enjoys spacious accommodation, two en-suites a large rear garden and would be ideal for a growing family.
"
"The Lawrie Garden Room is a DETACHED FAMILY HOME with INTEGRATED GARAGE, offering 1,850 SQUARE FEET of living space. The downstairs space comprises a light and spacious OPEN PLAN KITCHEN and dining area which leads into the STATEMENT GARDEN ROOM, with floor to ceiling CATHEDRAL STYLE WINDOWS and ..."
"The Hutton Garden Room is a DETACHED family home with INTEGRATED GARAGE, offering nearly 1,800 SQUARE FEET of living space.
The contemporary design comprises a spacious OPEN PLAN KITCHEN & DINING area which leads into the garden room, with CATHEDRAL STYLE WINDOWS and access to the garden via FREN..."
"The Elliot Garden Room is a DETACHED FAMILY HOME with 1,640 SQUARE FEET of living space and an INTEGRATED GARAGE. The downstairs space comprises a light and spacious OPEN PLAN KITCHEN and dining area which leads into the garden room, with striking CATHEDRAL STYLE WINDOWS overlooking the garden. T..."
"Introducing The Botanic Collection, Drummond Hill, Inverness; A beautiful avenue comprising six mews houses with garage and private gardens."
"Eight bedroom house for sale, Inverness city"
"Spacious five-bedroom detached bungalow situated in the desirable area of Milton of Leys, Inverness. "
"An opportunity to purchase a large four bedroom detached villa built by Robertson Homes to their Everett Garden room design that was completed in 2021. The property offers many pleasing features including a Jack and Jill en-suite shower room, a fitted kitchen with built in appliances and an en-su..."
The Corran is lovely new home offering open plan lounge/dining room with French doors opening to rear garden patio. Front facing kitchen by Ashley Ann. Fitted wardrobes to bedrooms 1 & 2. WC on ground floor. Turfed garden. 10 year NHBC warranty.
"A modern three bedroomed, mid-terrace villa located in the popular Scorguie area of the city. It is fully double glazed, has gas central heating, gardens and a garage."
"Viewing comes highly recommended for this detached one and a half storey stunning family home located in the sought after Lochardil area of the city. The property benefitting from five bedrooms, has been beautifully finished to a high standard and only by viewing will one appreciate the accommod..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this four bedroom detached home in sought after area of Crown, Inverness. Accommodation comprises ~ Enclosed entrance porch with front door leading to the hall, off which is the main living room with open fire , Parque flooring and a large bay window providing..."
"The Corner House features open-plan living/kitchen/dining area, separate utility room and WC. Three double bedrooms with fitted wardrobes and study room or alternatively a fourth bedroom."
"The Gardener at Scotia's sought after Highwood, Croy development is a spacious 3 bedroom detached house featuring a contemporary open plan ground floor with French doors opening to your rear garden. "
Extended Two Storey Semi-Detached Villa
"Discover PART EXCHANGE & £11,849 PAID LBTT OR £19,249 TOWARDS MORTGAGE, DEPOSIT OR BILLS. What's more you can get FREE FLOORING WORTH £4,546! The Balloch is a beautifully presented 4 bedroom detached home with a large open-plan kitchen/dining/family area with French doors leading onto the rear ga..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a truly stunning family home. This impressive 3 bedroom detached stone built villa has been previously extended, offering spacious accommodation with a flexible layout."
"Fantastic development opportunity located in the much-sought-after Island Bank Road. This property, which overlooks the beautiful Ness Islands and River Ness, spans approx half an acre and currently houses a three-bedroom property with outbuildings."
"This spacious, five bedroom, detached property is located in the highly popular village of Balloch, close to excellent facilities and within easy reach of Inverness City centre, the Highland and Islands University and Inverness Airport."
Well Proportioned Detached 5 Bedroom Villa Set in Highly Sought After Location
"A rare opportunity to purchase a four bedroom detached villa located in the popular Lochardil district of Inverness. The property offers many pleasing features including a fitted kitchen with breakfast bar, two modern shower rooms and a sun room. The property also benefits from gas radiator centr..."
"The Clemente Garden Room is a DETACHED FAMILY HOME with INTEGRATED GARAGE, offering 1,326 SQUARE FEET of living space. The downstairs space comprises a light and spacious OPEN PLAN DESIGNER KITCHEN and dining area which leads into the statement GARDEN ROOM, with floor to ceiling CATHEDRAL STYLE W..."
"Excellent opportunity to purchase a very unique 4 bedroom family home with separate Studio Apartment, double garage and extensive living area in the sought after Drummond area of Inverness
"
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a spacious  dour bedroom unique  detached family home built in the 1800's in a prime position in Inverness.
"
This 3 Bedroom Executive Town House Was Built By Robertson Homes In Their Exclusive Great Glen Development. The Property Offers A Private Garden And Is Filled With Character Throughout.
"This detached house offers accommodation to include: Ground Floor - Entrance Vestibule, Hall, Living Room,Kitchen/Family/Dining Room, Utility Room, Two Bedrooms and Bathroom with WC. First Floor - Landing, Bedroom with Walk in Wardrobe, One further Bedroom and Shower Room with WC."
Fantastic opportunity to purchase a substantial detached villa in the popular Haugh area of Inverness within walking distance to the city centre. Having been recently decorated throughout and newly flooring fitted this property would make a comfortable family home but it has been previously run ...
Extended 2 Storey Semi-Detached Villa
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase an immaculate 4 bedroom family villa with study, situated in the established Ness Castle development in Inverness."
"Did you know THIS HOME COMES WITH UPGRADES WORTH £3,699 included throughout? Move with PART EXCHANGE & £6,349 LBTT PAID OR A £16,499 MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION! This new 4 BEDROOM property in Inverness is a great family home. Downstairs, an entrance hallway leads you to the lounge with the OPEN-PLAN k..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this nearly new four bedroom detached home in the ever popular Ness Castle area of Inverness. Accommodation comprises ~ Entrance hall,off which is a good sized bright living room in neutral decor. Further down the hall is an open plan kitchen/diner with French ..."
"Viewing comes highly recommended for this immaculate, four bed detached villa recently built by Springfield Properties to their ""Arden"" design. The property sits within a private cul-de-sac and only by viewing will one appreciate the accommodation this family home has to offer. "
"Delighted to present this substantial 3 Bedroom property in the much-sought-after Tornagrain Village. This high-spec home, was built in 2018 in a stunning new sustainable development between Inverness and Nairn."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a stunningly modern 4 bedroom detached family home built by Barratts in 2022 to their Dunbar design in the sought after Ness Castle devolpment of Inverness. 
"
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a thriving 6 bed guest house with excellent reviews in the heart of Inverness.
"
New show home now open! The Aspen presents exceptional living over 3 levels in prestigious location. Luxury open plan kitchen/family room with French doors to garden. Bedroom 1 offers en suite & separate dressing room. Lounge with Juliet balcony on 1st floor. 3 bedrooms & bathroom on top floor.
"Beautiful, 4-bedroom detached house in popular area."
The Moorhen situated on the second floor apartment features contemporary open plan living/kitchen/dining area set within the tree-lined grounds of Drummond hill.
"The Alder offers flexible living at desirable Ness Side. En suite bedroom & utility room with garden access on ground floor. 1st floor offers open plan Ashley Ann kitchen/diner & lounge with Juliet balcony. On 3rd floor is bedroom 2 with Juliet balcony, bedroom 3 & bathroom"
The Sandpiper with breath-taking views of the Inverness landscape presents contemporary living with all of the luxuries you would expect living within this extraordinary setting.
"Nestled within the tree-lined ground of Drummond Hill this two bedroom ground floor apartment boosts open plan living/kitchen/dining, family bathroom and en suite to principal bedroom."
"Excellent opportunity to purchase this luxurious 3 bedroom townhouse in a highly desirable location in Inverness which is currently being used as a successful Holiday Let.
"
"LBTT PAID WORTH 5,100 AND COMPLIMENTARY FLOORING! The Cornell is a DETACHED FAMILY HOME, offering 1,158 SQUARE FEET of living space. The downstairs area comprises a spacious OPEN PLAN DESIGNER KITCHEN and dining area, with access to the garden via FRENCH DOORS. This large, light, open plan space ..."
"This spacious family home offers versatile accommodation making it an ideal property for a variety of buyers. Quietly located at Drumchardine, Murellan is 8 miles from Inverness which makes for a very short commute. Viewing comes highly recommended.
"
The Pintail is a spacious first floor apartment featuring modern open plan living/kitchen/dining area set within the tree-lined grounds of Drummond hill.
The Tweed features a luxury open plan Ashley Ann kitchen/diner with breakfast bar and Bosch appliances. Utility area off kitchen. WC. En suite shower room to main bedroom. Vanity units to en suite & family bathroom. Perfect home for growing family in a desirable location.
The Goosander apartment within The Birdhouse Collection presents contemporary living with all of the luxuries you would expect living within this extraordinary setting.
"Introducing The Birdhouse Collection, Drummond Hill, Inverness; One exceptional place to live. 12 luxury apartments."
This 4 Bedroom Semi Detached House Is Located Close To Inverness City Centre And Is An Ideal Family Home Or Potential B and B.
"Deceptively Spacious, Detached 3 Bedroom Bungalow set in Generous Sized Garden Grounds."
*** DEVELOPMENT POTENTIAL *** Large parcel of land extending to approximately 1.75 acres. Potential development site for multiple properties (subject to Local Authority consent)
"Pend house is a three bedroom mid terrace mews house with open-plan living, kitchen, dining area. Three double bedroom with family bathroom."
The Calder offers a well appointed open plan Ashley Ann kitchen with integrated appliances including fridge freezer. French doors to rear garden. Separate lounge. Downstairs WC. Bedroom 1 boasts en suite shower room. Fitted wardrobes. Vanity units in en suite & bathroom. Turfed gardens.
"Spacious 4-bedroom family home in the popular Milton of Leys area. This property is conveniently situated close to shops, schools, sports facilities and all amenities. Milton of Leys is connected to all the major link roads in and out of Inverness and is close to the trails of Daviot woods."
"****£6,000 BELOW HOME REPORT VALUATION!!!****
This Extended 4 Bed Property Is Located In The Popular, Established Culloden Area And Offers Spacious Rooms And A Good Sized Garden. "
"MOVE IN FOR MAY. Spacious 3 bedroom family home with open plan kitchen / dining area, utility room, sunroom, family bathroom and en-suite in bedroom 1. This home comes complete with integrated kitchen appliances, fitted wardrobes and turfed gardens. Sunroom available on selected plots."
"Spacious 3 bedroom family home with open plan kitchen / dining area, utility room, family bathroom and en-suite in bedroom 1. This home comes complete with integrated kitchen appliances, fitted wardrobes, turfed gardens and choice of paint colour for each room. "
"Three-bedroom detached bungalow on a corner plot, situated in the popular Inshes area of Inverness"
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this four bedroom cottage just outside of Inverness in the exclusive area of Milton of Culloden. Spacious accommodation with driveway parking, encl garden and dbl garage. This property will appeal to a wide variety of purchasers; viewing is highly recommended. ..."
"This beautifully presented three-bedroom townhouse was built by Robertson Homes approximately 3 years ago. Situated in this historic building on the West side of the city, the townhouse is located within the stunning Great Glen Hall building enjoying contemporary open plan living, high ceilings a..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious 3-bedroom/2 bathroom bungalow in immaculate, walk-in condition. Close to all amenities, this character property oozes charm and is finished to a high standard with tasteful interiors."
A rare opportunity to purchase a two bedroomed semi-detached cottage located on the shores of Clachnaharry. This charming property has been extended to provide a spacious family home with stunning outlook across the Beauly Firth to North Kessock. 
"Delighted to bring to market this spacious family home in the much-sought-after Lochardil area of Inverness. Close to primary and secondary schools, main bus routes and road links this property is ideal for a working family."
The Elm features a contemporary open plan kitchen/dining room with French doors opening to patio. Luxury kitchen by Ashley Ann includes a selection of Bosch appliances. Lounge located to the front creates a lovely space to relax and unwind. Bedroom 1 benefits from fitted wardrobe & en suite
"Stunning 2 bedroom 2 bathroom in the much sought after Hedgefield House executive development just under a mile from the city centre, in leafy surroundings In gorgeous walk in condition through out and ready to enjoy from day one as a home, holiday let or a Highland holiday retreat"
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this four bedroom detached home in the sought after area of Slackbuie , Inverness. Accommodation comprises ~ Entrance hall of which is a bright living room with neutral decor. Further along the hall is a handy downstairs w.c. and beyond that is a large kitchen ..."
"Attractive 4 bedroom detached 1 ½ storey family home with garage, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in the established sought after Culduthel area of Inverness, within walking distance of the City Centre. The home offers generously proportioned accommodation with an abundance of natural light. The ..."
"*****NEW PRICE - £15,000 BELOW HOME REPORT VALUATION!****** Early viewing is recommended for this immaculately presented detached family home, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought-after Westhill district of Inverness. The property which benefits from generous accommodation throughout..."
"Have a home to sell? We have PART EXCHANGE XTRA AVAILABLE OR YOU COULD CHOOSE A £13,649 DEPOSIT BOOST! This popular 3 bedroom home is just a short cycle from Inverness city centre & offers plenty of space for a growing family. Downstairs, you will find a good-sized lounge and an abundance of stor..."
"Early viewing is recommended on this three bedroom extended Bungalow in the popular Westhill area of Inverness. Close to all amenities, primary and secondary schools and the beautiful walks of Culloden Forest this property will appeal to all age groups."
"Fabulous opportunity to purchase a 3 bedroom (one en-suite) detached bungalow with garage and carport, situated on a corner site in a quiet cul-de-sac, in the popular Balloch area on the east side of Inverness."
Detached 2 / 3 Bedroom Set in Good Sized Garden Grounds within a Highly Desirable Residential Location
"A spacious four-bedroom detached bungalow, with a single garage, utility area, and driveway parking for multiple cars."
"******VIEWINGS SUSPENDED****** This modern and contemporary home enjoys a unique position within the popular Milton of Leys district of Inverness, backing onto open farmland and enjoying open views towards the Moray Firth and beyond. Decorated in neutral tones throughout, this detached family hom..."
"Get FREE FLOORING WORTH £3,194 OR £2,849 PAID LBTT at this this 3 bedroom home in Inverness, which is ideal for those looking to join or move up the property ladder. Downstairs there is an open-plan kitchen/dining and a separate WC and utility space. Upstairs, the main bedroom features an en suit..."
Fantastic opportunity to purchase this large unique three bedroom bungalow in sought after location of Inverness. Accommodation comprises~ The entrance hallway leads down to a large open living/dining room featuring a vaulted ceiling. With dual aspect windows in the living area and a modern fir...
Spacious detached villa in the popular area of Stratton. Walk in condition with integral garage and enclosed gardens to the rear . Council Tax Band: E EPC Band: B
"PART EXCHANGE WITH FREE FLOORING AND LBTT PAID or get a 5% DEPOSIT BOOST on this energy-efficient new home at Culloden West. Just a short drive from Inverness city centre, the Craigend is a fantastic 3 bedroom semi-detached home with parking space and a modern open plan kitchen/dining room with f..."
"This is a stylish 3 bedroom semi-detached home features open-plan living, kitchen, dining area with study and WC. The first floor comprises three bedrooms and family bathroom."
90 Nevis Park is a four-bedroomed detached villa located in the Leachkin district of Inverness.
Modern four bedroom family home for sale in Inverness
"The Brasini is a FAMILY HOME, offering 975 SQUARE FEET of living space. The spacious entrance hall gives direct access to a well-lit lounge, a large kitchen/dining area, and a WC. The lounge offers DUAL ASPECT LARGE WINDOWS - allowing light to flood in - the open plan kitchen/diner features a des..."
"Get PART EXCHANGE & £2,079 PAID LBTT OR CHOOSE A £12,549 DEPOSIT BOOST when you move into this 3 bedroom home in Inverness. What's more you will get FREE FLOORING WORTH £2,800. Downstairs there is an open-plan kitchen/dining and a separate WC and utility space with access to the south facing rear..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a spacious 3 bedroomed detached bungalow that sits on a sizeable corner plot in the popular holm area of Inverness. This property has an open plan lounge/diner/kitchen area overlooking the rear garden. There a 3 spacious bedrooms, the main bedroom has a walk in w..."
Fantastic three bedroom detached bungalow in the highly desirable Moray Park development in Culloden.
"Move with exciting offers such as PART EXCHANGE & £2,079 PAID LBTT OR A £12,449 DEPOSIT BOOST! Personalise your home for 2023 and reserve with FREE FLOORING WORTH £2,800! Book an appointment and start your new home journey at Ness Castle, next to the South Loch Ness walking trail. This 3 bed home..."
Flooring included* The Torrin offers an open plan Ashley Ann kitchen/dining room with French doors to patio in turfed garden. Separate lounge. Downstairs WC. En suite shower room to main bedroom. Fitted wardrobes to bedrooms 1 & 2. Located in brand new phase.
"Rare opportunity to purchase a Victorian semi detached villa in a popular area of Inverness. With 2 public rooms, large kitchen dining area, 4 bedrooms and 2 bathrooms this property would make an ideal family home. This property has in the past been an Hmo so could with the relevant permission be..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase an extended one and a half storey detached villa in the semi rural scattered community of Lentran. On the first side of the property, a modern, country-style kitchen welcomes you into the property and leads onto the central hallway. Council Tax - D"
A mid-terrace house in the heart of a much-acclaimed new Highland development
"This 3 bedroom home in Inverness, is ideal for those looking to join or move up the property ladder. Downstairs there is an open-plan kitchen/dining with access to the south facing back garden and a separate WC and utility space. Upstairs, the main bedroom features an en suite, 2 further bedrooms..."
"The Alexander is a 3 bedroom FAMILY HOME with a WEST FACING GARDEN in a PRIME PLOT POSITION, offering 895 SQUARE FEET of living space. The downstairs area comprises a spacious OPEN PLAN DESIGNER KITCHEN and dining area, with access to the garden via FRENCH DOORS. This large, light, open plan spac..."
"The Alexander is a 3 bedroom FAMILY HOME, offering 895 SQUARE FEET of living space.
The downstairs area comprises a spacious OPEN PLAN DESIGNER KITCHEN and dining area, with access to the garden via FRENCH DOORS. This large, light, open plan space features a designer kitchen with INTEGRATED APPLI..."
"Get £1,939 PAID LBTT OR CHOOSE PAID FLOORING WORTH £2,828 when you move into this 3 bedroom home in Inverness, which is ideal for those looking to join or move up the property ladder. Downstairs there is an open-plan kitchen/dining and a separate WC and utility space. Upstairs, the main bedroom f..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this three bedroom semi -detached home in the sought after modern development of Ness Castle , Inverness. Accommodation comprises ~ Entrance hall, off which is the main living room, next to which is a spacious open plan kitchen/diner with French doors onto the ..."
"The Alexander is a MID-TERRACE FAMILY HOME, offering 877 SQUARE FEET of living space.
The downstairs area comprises a spacious OPEN PLAN DESIGNER KITCHEN and dining area, with access to the garden via FRENCH DOORS. This large, light, open plan space features a designer kitchen with INTEGRATED APP..."
"HUGE SAVINGS WITH LBTT OR FLOORING PAID at this 3 bed home at Culloden West. Make the move into an energy-efficient new home in Inverness, perfect for those looking to join or move up the property ladder. Downstairs, you will find a sizeable lounge, open-plan kitchen with plenty of space for a di..."
"The Annan features an open plan luxury Ashley Ann kitchen/dining room with French doors opening to patio in rear garden, front aspect lounge, downstairs cloakroom & understair storage, and 2 double bedrooms with fitted wardrobes. Turfed gardens. 10 year NHBC warranty."
"UP TO 5% DEPOSIT MATCH! The Alexander is a 3 bedroom FAMILY HOME with SOUTH WEST facing garden, offering 895 SQUARE FEET of living space. The downstairs area comprises a spacious OPEN PLAN DESIGNER KITCHEN and dining area, with access to the garden via FRENCH DOORS. This large, light, open plan s..."
"Viewing comes highly recommended on this semi-detached bungalow. Set in the popular Inshes area and close to all amenities, this property is in walk-in condition and provides spacious accommodation with generous lounge and dining room with cosy woodburning stove and 3 double bedrooms."
"This immaculate semi detached house offers comfortable accommodation to include lounge, kitchen diner, cloaks w/c on ground floor. Top floor offers access to three double bedrooms and shower room w/c. The property has oil fired central heating. Driveway to side. Well maintained south facing garden."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a four bed, semi-detached house a short distance from the heart of Inverness. A central hall welcomes you into the property, and a spacious lounge with a large, front aspect window draws you in first. Council Tax - E EPC - D"
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a two bedroomed detached bungalow in a popular area close to the city centre. With a spacious lounge, good sized dining room, modern kitchen with recently updated boiler, newly fitted shower room and two double bedrooms this property will appeal to a wide range ..."
"Rare opportunity to purchase this traditional end of terrace 3-Bedroom cottage in the much-sought-after Crown area of Inverness. This character property is in immaculate condition and is within a short walk of Inverness city centre and Kingsmills with all amenities, restaurants, cafes and parks."
Fantastic opportunity to purchase a spacious detached bungalow located in the popular Kinmylies area of Inverness.
"Located in the popular Lochardil district of Inverness, this detached bungalow enjoys two public rooms and two double bedrooms. This house would be ideal for a variety of buyers and must be viewed to be fully appreciated.
"
"A substantial, two-bedroomed semi-detached house, located just a few minutes’ walk from the city centre."
"The Alexander is a MID-TERRACE FAMILY HOME, offering 877 SQUARE FEET of living space. The downstairs area comprises a spacious OPEN PLAN DESIGNER KITCHEN and dining area, with access to the garden via FRENCH DOORS. This large, light, open plan space features a designer kitchen with INTEGRATED APP..."
"This desirable, three-bedroom, semi-detached villa is situated in the new sought-after Leys Green development in Milton of Leys, Inverness, close to excellent facilities and within easy reach of the City Centre, Raigmore Hospital and the UHI campus. "
"NEW REDUCED PRICE NOW £10,000 BELOW VALUATION. Fantastic opportunity to purchase this immaculate family home. With modern finishes and tasteful decor throughout this property is sure to appeal to a wide range of potential buyers. This property is available for immediate entry if required."
"A well-proportioned, three bedroomed, semi-detached villa that benefits from extensive rear gardens, gas central heating, double glazing and driveway."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this three bedroom detached home in popular slackbuie area of Inverness. Accommodation comprises ~ Entrance hall , off which is a small room that that can be used for storage or home office with the potential to become a downstairs Shower room. Through to the..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a new build 3-bedroom, mid terrace family home in a beautiful new development located just three miles from the centre of the Highland Capital, Inverness."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a stunning 3 bedroom terraced home in the new popular Mains of Culduthel area
"
"Choose FREE FLOORING WORTH £2,500 OR £1,499 PAID LBTT at this 3 bedroom home in Inverness if you are looking to join or move up the property ladder. Downstairs there is a cosy lounge with a modern kitchen/dining with access to the back garden and a separate WC and utility room. Upstairs, there is..."
"Two bedroom, SECOND FLOOR apartment offering 752 SQUARE FEET of living space. The OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/LIVING AREA with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES opens out onto a SOUTH WEST FACING BALCONY with VIEWS OVER LOCH NESS. There are two double bedrooms including the primary bedroom with EN-SUITE and FITTED WAR..."
"Excellent opportunity to purchase a beautiful 3 bedroom semi detached house in the sought after Ness Castle area of Inverness
"
Two bedroom FIRST FLOOR apartment offering 752 SQUARE FEET of living space. The OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/LIVING AREA with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES opens out onto a SOUTH WEST BALCONY with VIEWS OVER LOCH NESS. There are two double bedrooms including the primary bedroom with EN-SUITE and FITTED WARDROBES. T...
"A three bedroomed semi-detached villa with off-street parking, a detached garage and has gas central heating."
Well Proportioned 2 Bedroom Ground Floor Apartment with Superb Views across Moray & Beauly Firths
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a four bedroom, mid terraced townhouse in the heart of Inverness. An entrance vestibule and central hall welcome you into the property, and the large lounge draws you in first. Council Tax - E EPC - D"
"This bright, two-bedroom, end terraced property forms part of the new Maples at Ness Side development on the edge of the city, close to an excellent range of facilities and within easy reach of the City Centre."
Superb first floor one bedroom retirement apartment within the sought after Oakwood Court development in the Crown area of Inverness with excellent amenities within walking distance. Benefiting from a modern fitted kitchen and a walk-out balcony accessed from the living room.
Well Proportioned 2 Bedroom Semi Detached Villa with Garden Grounds to Front & Rear.
"This three bedroomed detached villa is located just a ten minute walk from Inverness city centre and offers many pleasing features including gas central heating, a detached garage and off-road parking."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a two bedroom semi-detached bungalow located in the popular Cradlehall district of Inverness. The property offers many pleasing features including a conservatory with views over Inverness towards the Moray Firth, mountains and beyond. It also benefits from double gl..."
"UP TO 5% DEPOSIT MATCH! Two bedroom GROUND FLOOR apartment with 718 SQUARE FEET of living space with OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/LIVING area. SOUTH WEST FACING PRIVATE PATIO. TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, master bedroom with EN-SUITE and FITTED WARDROBES, , the family bathroom with PREMIUM SANITARYWARE and a storag..."
"This deceptively spacious family home enjoys bright and well presented accommodation throughout. Viewing is highly recommended for this property which enjoys views across the city, off-street resident parking and generous rear garden.
"
"A charming 2 bedroom semi detached house, only around a 15 minute walk from Inverness city centre and Railway station. With spacious kitchen, separate utility room and a large bathroom with bath suite and separate shower cubicle. A fantastic home or a very lucrative holiday let investment"
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase an extended 3 bedroomed bungalow in the popular Highfield area of Inverness. With a spacious lounge, modern kitchen, stylish family bathroom and 3 bedrooms, one of which has ensuite shower room this property will appeal to a wide range of potential buyers. This p..."
"A traditional steading with adjacent land close to Inverness with development potential (subject to planning being obtained), enjoying stunning views north and north west over the Beauly Firth to the Black Isle and Ben Wyvis."
"This charming two bedroom end-terrace cottage is situated in the highly desirable Culduthel area of the city, close to excellent facilities and within walking distance of the City Centre."
"Delighted to bring to market this immaculate 2-Bedroom/2 bathroom contemporary terraced house in a quiet cul-de-sac in Athol Place, Wester Inshes. Close to Inshes parks and woodland walks this lovely home is an ideal first-time buy."
Fabulous Semi-Detached House
Fantastic opportunity to purchase an immaculate two bedroom first floor flat in the sought after Milton of Leys area of Inverness. 
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase an immaculate two bedroom top floor flat in the desirable Culloden West development.  This property is in walk-in condition with neutral decor and bright, spacious rooms. The property would make an ideal first time buy or investment opportunity"
"This semi-detached bungalow sits in a quiet residential location and appreciates easily maintained garden grounds to front and rear with driveway parking and garage to the side. The nicely proportioned property comprises lounge/diner, kitchen, two bedrooms and shower room and benefits from double..."
Semi Detached Villa with 2 Bedrooms and a Box Room Set in Easily Maintained Garden Grounds with Detached Garage
2 Bedroom Ground Floor Flat
"**VIEWINGS SUSPENDED** A deceptively spacious, two bedroomed semi-detached villa located in the popular Crown area that has a garden and off-street parking."
"****CLOSING DATE SET - TUESDAY 4TH APRIL 2023 AT 12 NOON****** Early viewing comes recommended for this two-bedroom end-terraced bungalow, located within walking distance of the city centre. The well-proportioned bungalow retains some traditional charm including sash and case windows and high cei..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a two bedroomed semi detached bungalow within a popular area of Inverness. With a spacious lounge, modern kitchen, two double bedrooms both with fitted storage, family bathroom and detached garage this property will appeal to a wide range of potential buyers. Con..."
"*BELOW VALUATION* This stylish and contemporary ground floor cottage flat is located in the modern development of Fairview. Built only 1 year ago and immaculately presented throughout, this attractive property would be ideal for first time buyers, as a buy to let or as an Air BnB.
"
"This top floor two bedroomed apartment located within walking distance to the city centre, offers many pleasing features including double glazing, an en-suite shower room and a parking space."
"Are you looking for an immaculate property that is in truly walk in condition? Then look no further, Rothes Place is the property for you. With a welcoming hallway , large lounge, breakfasting kitchen, 2 double bedrooms and family bathroom this property will appeal to a wide range of potential bu..."
New to the market with Monster Moves this 3/4 bedroom detached cottage in the Merkinch area in the city of Inverness. The property is in need of some renovation and has potential to be a lovely family home with off street parking and private rear garden. Close to all amenities and minutes wa...
"This well presented end-terraced property is located in the popular Milton of Leys area of Inverness. This modern and stylish property enjoys bright and open plan living and would be ideal for a variety of buyers including first time buyers, buy to let investors or use as an Air BnB.
"
"AMAZING RESULTS! Estate Agents offer to the market this charming terraced bungalow occupying a splendid setting at the head of Kinmyies Way within a quiet well established development of modern housing. The accommodation comprises of: Vestibule, hallway, lounge, 2 double bedrooms and bat..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this two bedroom ground floor flat in the popular Inshes/ Milton of Leys area of Inverness. Accommodation comprises ~ Entrance hall with space for coats and shoes, off which is the living room to the front a peaceful room in neutral decor with attractive wood..."
"Early viewing is recommended on this 3-bedroom/2 bathroom, mid-terraced family home. Fitted with a new designer kitchen and offering spacious living throughout this property would suit a growing family."
"Located in the popular and sought after Milton Leys area of Inverness, this spacious two bed first floor flat is offered for sale, ideal for the first time buyer or as a buy to let investment property. Gas central heating. Double glazed. Own entrance. Parking. Walking distance to local ameniti..."
"Excellent opportunity to purchase a stunning 2-bedroom flat in the city centre of Inverness, currently ran as a holiday let business this would suit investors or first time buyers alike.
"
"Located in the popular and sought after area of Dalneigh, this two bed semi detached house offers anyone looking for a starter home requiring a degree of modernisation. The property which has off road parking, also has a large garden and timber shed/external storage. "
"Quaint and deceptively spacious two bedroom semi-detached cottage, in walk-in condition, situated in the City of Inverness, within walking distance of all local amenities. The home has been freshly painted throughout in neutral tones and has new carpets. There is garden ground to the front and ..."
"This two-bedroom, end-terraced property is located in the established residential area of Hilton, close to excellent facilities and within easy reach of Inverness City Centre, Raigmore Hospital and the UHI."
"*** SPACIOUS RETIREMENT FLAT *** Well proportioned 2 bedroom first floor flat within Balloan Fields Village. This property is restricted to those aged 55 and over, those who have retired early on medical or those dependent on the health care system."
Fantastic opportunity to purchase a 2 bedroom ground floor flat situated within the popular Wester Inshes development of Inverness.
Buy-to-Let Opportunity | Tenant Currently Situated | 3 Bedroom Maisonette Flat | Great Condition | Large & Spacious Rooms | Inverness Town Centre Location
"Excently opportunity to purchase a fully renovated 2-bedroom apartment, 5 minutes from the City Centre of Inverness
"
Fantastic opportunity to purchase this three bed room terraced home in Smithton Inverness. Accommodation comprises ~ Spacious living room with wood flooring and electric fireplace. Separate Dining room leading into a modern fitted kitchen with electric hob and breakfast bar. There is back doo...
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this mid terrace three bedroom property in the popular Inverness area of Dalneigh with in walking distance all all local amenities, primary and secondary schools."
Opportunity to purchase a three bedroom property with communal gardens and storage shed. Within walking distance to the City Centre. Council Tax Band: C EPC: D
Fantastic opportunity to purchase a beautifully presented two bedroom first floor apartment in the heart of the City Centre. Recently redecorated to an exceptional standard. Property comprises; Keyfob access into the communal entrance with access to the first floor via the stairs or elevator. Upo...
This two bedroom end of terrace house with generous sized gardens offers an ideal first time home or investment purchase. Council Tax Band: C EPC Band: D 
A two bedroom semi-detached bungalow with a parking space and garden grounds.
"This attractive one bedroom, ground-floor, B listed apartment enjoys a central position in the highly desirable Crown area of Inverness. In immaculate condition throughout, the apartment is close to excellent facilities and is within easy walking distance of the City Centre."
"This two bedroom, ground-floor apartment is ideally located in the heart of the City Centre of Inverness. In good condition, the property benefits from double glazing and electric heating. Within walking distance to the City Centre, the property represents an ideal purchase for the first-time buy..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a well presented three bedroom, end terrace villa is situated close to Inverness City Centre. Council Tax: C EPC: C"
"Great opportunity to purchase a spacious three bedroomed flat in the popular Dalneigh area of Inverness. With a spacious lounge, large kitchen, 3 good sized bedrooms and a family bathroom this property will appeal to a wide range of potential buyers. Contact the office today to book your property..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bed, semi-detached house in the popular Dalneigh area of Inverness. This property is of non-traditional construction; however, our mortgage partners can advise on mortgage options. Council Tax Band - B EPC - F "
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious three bedroom property located within walking distance of Inverness city centre. Close to all local amenities and public transport links, shops & schools."
"Excellent opportunity to purchase a plot of land in a lovely, peaceful setting. Rarely available, the plot extends to approximately 0.36 acre and is situated in well-established grounds in Balnafettack, Scorguie, on the west side of Inverness."
This immaculate first floor flat is a superb investment located within the popular residential area of Inshes Wood.
"Perfect opportunity to buy a plot of land in a fantastic location. Rarely available, the plot extends to 0.27 of an acre and is well spaced from neighbouring properties. There is full planning permission in place for a large detached bungalow. "
"This charming first floor flat enjoys an abundance of character and is conveniently located within walking distance of the city centre. Very well presented and decorated in neutral tones throughout, this property is in walk-in condition and would be ideal as a first time buy, buy to let or Air..."
"*****GREAT NEW FIXED PRICE BELOW VALUATION*****
This 2 Bedroom First Floor Property Is Located Within Inverness City Centre and Is an Ideal Investment Opportunity. With 2 double bedrooms, the main bedroom having ensuite shower room, spacious lounge, dining kitchen and a family bathroom this prope..."
"A two bedroomed, first floor flat with communal garden, located within walking distance of the city centre."
"Independent retirement living, with peace of mind, is enjoyed from this 2 bedroom first floor apartment built by McCarthy & Stone and designed for modern retirement. It is contained within a purpose built three storey terraced complex of age restricted apartments, surrounded by well manicured c..."
"This spacious, first floor apartment is situated in a residential area of the City, close to the City Centre, the Highlands and Islands University campus, Raigmore Hospital and the Airport. In good condition throughout, the property benefits from double glazing and electric heating."
"This two bedroom ground floor flat is located in the popular Scorguie area of Inverness. Decorated in neutral tones, this bright property would appeal to a variety of buyers including first time buyers, buy-to-let investors and those looking for an Air BnB.
"
"Located in the popular area of Culloden close to local amenities, first floor flat offers a great opportunity for a buy to let investment or ideal for the first time buyer. Accommodation comprises two bedrooms, kitchen, lounge/diner and bathroom. Electric heating. Double glazed."
"Glashan Court is a new development offering a range of attractive apartments ideally located in the City Centre. The properties are offered for sale through the LIFT Scheme, administered by the Scottish Office, designed to assist first time buyers to get on the property ladder."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a sizable building plot at Daviot, a semi rural location within easy commuting distance to Inverness. Daviot is about 8 kilometres (5 miles) south east of the city of Inverness, next to the A9, the main road to Inverness."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a well appointed 2 bedroom first floor flat, in the established Inshes Wood area of Inverness. The rooms are well proportioned and have been freshly painted throughout making an ideal purchase for any first time buyer, or investment opportunity."
"Great opportunity to purchase a spacious second floor flat in a popular area within Inverness. With 2 double bedrooms both with fitted storage, large lounge, spacious kitchen and family bathroom this property will appeal to a wide range of potential buyers."
Ground Floor 1 Bedroom Flat Located in the Popular Inshes Area of the City.
"Viewing is recommended on this immaculate, quality-finished 1-bed ground floor flat. Set in the Inshes area of Inverness this property is close to all amenities and a short walk from Fairways golf course."
"Located in the popular Leachkin area of Inverness, this one-bedroom fourplex is an ideal purchase for a first-time buyer or buy to let investor. The property which offers well-proportioned accommodation, benefits from a private rear garden and semi-detached garage with parking. Early viewing is r..."
A great two-bedroom apartment with a private entrance and some lovely views.
"This one bedroom, first floor apartment is located within a courtyard development in the Ballifeary area of the City, within easy reach of both the City Centre and local amenities. This deceptively spacious property which benefits from double glazing, gas fired central heating and security entry ..."
"Excellent opportunity to purchase an immaculate 3 bedroom flat close to the City Centre.
"
1 Bedroom modern apartment located in the city centre of Inverness. Ideal property purchase for investors and first time buyers alike. Council Tax Band : B EPC Band : C
"Fantastic opportunity for a first-time buyer to purchase a one bedroom home within a one and a half storey fourplex situated in the sought after Lochardil area of Inverness. The home benefits from an enclosed garden to the front and a shared driveway to the side of the property, providing off st..."
"Excellent opportunity to purchase a 1 bedroom apartment in excellent condition close to the city centre
"
"Located in the popular Murray Terrace, this two bed first floor flat offers anyone looking for a property to rent out or ideally for the first time buyer. Benefitting from electric storage heating, the flat is double glazed and has shared parking. "
First Floor One Bedroom Apartment with Lovely Outlook Representing an Excellent Opportunity for a Retired Person or Couple
"An opportunity to purchase a two bedroom ground floor apartment located within walking distance of the city centre. The property comprises of an open plan lounge/kitchen/diner, two bedrooms and a bathroom. The apartment features double glazed windows, electric heating and has communal off road pa..."
"This plot enjoys an enviable position within the grounds of the former Hilton House and is conveniently close to local amenities and within easy walking distance of Inverness City Centre. Purchase of the plot provides a unique opportunity for one to construct a home to their own specification, g..."
"This attractive, one bedroom apartment is located in the highly popular Crown area of the City, within easy walking distance of excellent facilities and the City Centre. "
"Located within the McCarthy Stone development, this spacious, one bed first floor flat offers anyone over the age of 60, the opportunity to secure a comfortable flat within a safe secure environment. The property overlooks the canal and communal grounds and viewing comes recommended. "
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a good sized 2 bedroomed ground floor flat in a central location. With a good sized lounge that is open the kitchen, 2 double bedrooms, a shower room and 2 storage cupboards this property would make an ideal first home or investment property. This property is on ..."
2 Bedroom 1st Floor Flat
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this mid floor two bedroom maisonette in Raigmore, Inverness. Accommodation comprises ~ Hallway leading to a large living room with dual aspect windows, a modern kitchen with ample wood effect wall and base units for storage with dark contrasting worktops. On..."
"Excellent opportunity to purchase a modern one bedroom flat in Altan Place Culloden
"
"Well Proportioned 2 Bedroom, Top Floor Maisonette Enjoying Views to the Moray Firth & Black Isle Beyond"
"An opportunity to purchase a ground floor one bedroom apartment located within walking distance of the city centre. The property offers many pleasing features including a fitted kitchen with built in oven, hob and extractor fan, gas radiator heating and a modern shower room. The apartment also fe..."
Top Floor Flat in 3 Storey End Terraced Block
Fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious 2 Bedroom Flat which Is Located In The Popular Hilton Area Of Inverness . This property has spacious rooms throughout and would make an Ideal First Home Or Investment Opportunity. 
"A pleasant, one bedroomed, first floor flat located in the popular area of Smithton that will suit a variety of potential purchasers. It has electric heating, double glazing and an allocated parking space."
"A two bedroomed ground floor flat located in the established Bught area of the city. It is fully double glazed, has electric heating and communal gardens."
"Great opportunity to to purchase a two bedroomed upper maisonette in the popular Hilton area of Inverness . With a modern kitchen, spacious lounge, 2 good sized bedrooms and family bathroom this property will appeal to first time buyers and investors. "
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom, top floor flat located with single end of terraced garage in a residential area within walking distance of the River Ness and Inverness City Centre. Council Tax: B EPC: E"
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase an upper floor flat in a great location, close to the city centre, the river Ness and many local amenities."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase this two bedroom top floor flat near the centre of Inverness. Accommodation comprises ~ Spacious Living/dining area, a bright modern kitchen with large window overlooking Bught Park. Family bathroom with bath and over bath shower. A large double bedroom with..."
The purchase of this piece of land offers the buyer the unique opportunity to own a strip of land and the foreshore along the Beauly Firth.
Fabulous opportunity to purchase a top floor studio flat in the highly desirable Crown area of Inverness. The property is immaculately presented offering neutral decor throughout.
"This attractive, one bedroom, ground floor apartment is located in the highly popular Crown area of the City, within easy walking distance of excellent facilities and the City Centre. The apartment is set within a private retirement housing complex which is operated by Hanover Housing Association..."
"Delighted to bring to market this immaculate 1-Bedroom/ground-floor flat in the popular Smithton/Culloden area of Inverness. This compact, well-proportioned apartment is located in a quiet Cul-de-sac with a nice outlook and is close to all amenities and the wonderful walks of Culloden Forest."
Fantastic opportunity to purchase a one bedroom property in the popular Culloden area. This ground floor flat has previously been tastefully renovated throughout to a high standard and offers accommodation which would be the perfect first home or a fantastic buy to let property
"Perfect opportunity to buy a plot of land in the popular residential area of Scorguie. Rarely available, this plot extends to approx. 0.07 acres (283m sq) and is close to a wide range of amenities. There is planning permission in principle for the erection of a detached dwelling house."
Opportunity to purchase a one bedroom apartment within walking distance to the City Centre. Ideal first time purchase or investment property. Council Tax Band: B EPC Band: D
