Summary
"A well maintained 2 bedroom mid townhouse in popular location close to shops, schools and major road links. The property benefits from electric storage/panel heating, UPVC double glazing, neutral decoration, floor coverings. The accommodation briefly comprises, entrance hall, 13' lounge with pati..."
"The site, with it's two frontages, extends to some 5.33 acres (2.16 hectares), upon which stand an array of single storey and multi storey buildings comprising a gross internal area of approximately 194,705 sq ft. The multi storey buildings are of substantial brick construction with steel frame..."
"A distinguished country home of the Victorian period, spanning over approximately 12,000 sq ft and nestled within 2.5 acres of glorious gardens. Holmewood is a landmark family home occupying a private position with stunning interior blending seamlessly with modern and classic design."
PROMINENT BUILT TO RENT / POTENTIAL PBSA SCHEME (STPP) LOCATED IN THE HEART OF LEICESTER.
"A PROMINENT RESIDENTIAL OPPORTUNITY LOCATED IN THE HEART OF LEICESTER. - 0.4 Acres – Freehold with the benefit of vacant possession.
- The site lies at the edge of the Central Shopping Core in Leicester. - The site is located within walking distance of the main transport hubs in Leicester: Haym..."
"A complex of 12 fantastically developed apartments that have been built by a reputable local builder have come to market exclusively with Your-Move Blaby. Meadow View is an exciting 12 apartment complex in the heart of Glen Parva, a stones throw from some of the best schools in the ar..."
"This large, four-bedroomed, detached family bungalow is nestled in half an acre of land, with a converted loft space and opportunities to suit all those wish list plans and ideas"
A rare developmnent opportunity in the sought after district of Evington (LE5). Full planning permission has been granted for the development of 9 dwellings which consists of 6 semi detached houses and 3 detached houses.
"A simply stunning, individually designed contemporary home completed in 2005. Awarded second place of Building of the Year, Pro-Con Leicestershire Awards 2005. Regency Ashlar white cast stone blocks with aluminium curtain walling and green tinted glass. Built to an extremely high speci..."
A unique opportunity to acquire a large former residence and care home with considerable development potential for conversion back to a single dwelling or commercial use as a property of individual living units (subject to the necessary planning consents).
"Incredibly finished and full of modern elegance set alongside the original design, this stunning seven/eight-bedroom family home with an independent annex on the prestigious London Road and round the corner from Knighton Road is a real find"
"We are very pleased to be offering this unique block of 10 flats in the popular area of Clarendon Park, currently generating £60588 per annum! This well-presented property comes with 10 individual 1 bedroom flats with an exotic communal rear garden and on street parking. All flats a..."
"Kerb appeal is not misplaced, and those first impressions when pulling onto the substantial, gated driveway do not disappoint. With more than ample parking, soak up the surroundings on your approach to this modern family residence"
"This lovely period home sits back from the road within its private driveway and nearly an acre plot. Drive down Gartree Road, turning onto Stoughton Drive South with its substantial properties, to find this four-bedroomed"
Insane FREEHOLD Investment Opportunity - 5 apartments including a duplex and fully leased commercial space in a prime area!!
"A unique courtyard development site which extends to some 0.26 acres (0.11 hectares), upon which currently comprises an array of buildings and yard space. A permanent right of way approaches the site via the arch on the Welford Road elevation. Planning consent has been granted for the demolition ..."
"Are you looking for a classically Victorian, spacious and versatile family home with huge plot? Then come take a look at the Old Vicarage, in the sought-after suburb of Enderby"
"Are you looking for a bespoke-designed, move-in-ready, luxurious, detached property? On one of the most prestigious roads in the Leicester area? Finished to a modern standard, this home is a real find"
"A stunning 4000 square foot new build home in this leafy backwater with real 'wow' factor and five generous bedrooms plus five reception area's currently under construction in this highly regarded private road location which is perfectly located for commuting, situated on the edge of the Charn..."
"A handsome, Victorian residence built in 1860, nestled within a peaceful, leafy enclave of approximately 0.58 acres within one Leicester’s most prestigious addresses. Boasting over 2,100 square feet of accommodation with a wealth of period charm and character with outbuildings extending to 979 sq..."
"Having been fully refurbished in recent years, a truly stunning four bedroom, three bathroom detached Victorian family home offering stylish accommodation over three floors, boasting superb gardens of approximately half an acre to include an original coach house thought suitable for conversion to..."
"Positioned on a magnificent plot of approximately one third of an acre, a superbly extended three-storey family home, having been meticulously presented by the current owners. The spacious accommodation over three floors provides three reception rooms, five bedrooms and three bathrooms. ..."
"This large, Seven-bedroomed, detached family home has been fully refurbished to the highest of standards. Woodfield Road is tucked quietly into the heart of ever-popular suburb of Oadby. This property sits proudly in the area and"
"Existing Bungalow and Outline Planning Permission of up to 8 dwellings. Located in the town of Syston, Leicestershire. Freehold of the property is offered for sale by Private Treaty as a whole."
"Stunning executive four bedroom detached family home on Spencefield Lane in Evington. Situated on a large plot with planning permission granted for life, the property offers three reception rooms, office, kitchen, four bedrooms and a bathroom, as well as an annexe."
"ENERGY BILLS PAID for a year * Flooring, appliances & turf included * Save £3,100 on your annual utility bills with this energy efficient home, complete with GARAGE * Open kitchen / dining area *"
"A delightfully presented modern 2 bedroom first floor maisonette style apartment situated in popular over 55's small development. The property is well maintained and tastefully decorated with full gas central heating, UPVC double glazing, assisted care monitoring. The accommodation comprises hall..."
"Belvoir are privileged to be able to offer a freehold block of seven apartments, currently generating £53064 per annum! The property briefly comprises of secure communal entrance, seven individual flats, off road parking to the front and rear of the property and a communal rear garden."
"This property has been extensively extended and fully renovated, with the current owners living here for several happy years. Park on the private in-and-out driveway and take a peek inside"
"8 BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE with off road parking & rear garden with heated pool. Inside is dining, living & a kitchen area with a bathroom. The first floor has 4 bedrooms & a family bathroom. The second floor is complete with two bedrooms. The annexe has a lounge, office, 2 bedrooms & shower room"
A truly magnificent seven bedroomed Victorian home on the renowned St. Marys Road in Stoneygate boasting extensive accommodation together with generou...
"An attractive and spacious detached family home with four to five bedrooms, providing scope for further extension (subject to the necessary planning consents). The property is positioned on one of the largest, south-facing plots on this prestigious and renowned tree-lined road on the outskirts of..."
"Brooklyn is a lovely four-bedroom, detached family home situated on one of Oadby's most sought after residential addresses"
"Residential development opportunity in the popular town of Syston comprising, a four bedroomed detached bungalow with a sizable plot to the rear with outline planning for 5 Dwellings."
"This large, four-bedroomed, detached family home sits on what is believed to be one of the largest plots on Stoughton Road. It is surrounded by gardens on 3 sides, is filled with natural light all day long and has been loved by the current owners"
"Rumour has it that a secret tunnel connects the house to nearby Kirby Castle...
The Old White House began life in the late 15th Century and remains a significant part of village history"
"FOR SALE BY INFORMAL TENDER BASED ON A GUIDE OF £850,000 A great development opportunity to purchase The Mount in Cosby, an imposing three storey detached house occupying a plot extending to approximately one acre. The Mount requires extensive modernisation and would make a stunning family ho..."
"This is the something special you have been waiting for. This 1920's built home is surrounded by panoramic views from every room and is filled with character throughout. Situated on approximately a third of an acre plot with a large driveway, this really is not one to be missed."
Very well presented and spacious five bedroom detached home offering plentiful living accommodation in addition to being situated in a sought after location. Only five years of age could this be the new family home you've been searching for?
"VIEWINGS TO BE HELD SATURDAY 25TH FEBRUARY - APPOINTMENT ONLY. A Stunning, seven bedroom, 1850's Victorian, detached house situated in the desirable conservation area of Stoneygate, Leicester. 'Church House' was formerly under the ownership of the Congregational Church."
The Manor House is a truly stunning Grade II listed property that combines handsome Tudor character with all the advantages of contemporary features. Built in the 1400's this timeless beauty has been tastefully nurtured and enhanced to bring comfort and present-time style to a property with a ric...
"A STUNNINGLY APPOINTED & EXTENDED FIVE BED SEMI DETACHED VICTORIAN VILLA WITH APP TO CONVERT COACH HOUSE TO A TWO BED DWELLING - OFFERED AT A GUIDE PRICE OF £800,000 TO £850,000. 'Fairview' was architecturally designed by Isaac Barradale and built in 1881, being superbly situated within the fashi..."
"OFFERED AT A GUIDE PRICE OF £800,000 TO £850,000. Situated on this popular Stoneygate road, a fantastic, three-storey Victorian semi-detached residence by renowned architect Isaac Barradale, boasting a wealth of original features, having been renovated by the current owners over the past..."
"A DELIGHTFULLY APPOINTED & EXTENDED DETACHED SEVEN BED VICTORIAN PROPERTY built in 1853 'Church House' and the former meeting rooms for the Congregational Church. This impressive property is superbly situated within the sought after & highly desirable Conservation Area of Stoneygate, being well s..."
"Seen as a rare addition to the market is this imposing five bedroom detached home situated at a prestigious location on a private section of Lutterworth Road in LE2. The property is positioned on a large plot, is brimming with character and charm throughout, and would make the perfect forever ho..."
"A fantastic, individually designed and immaculately presented detached four bedroom family home, offering truly spacious accommodation on a beautiful, deep plot in this quiet cul-de-sac location."
"A sensational *2055 Sq. Ft five / six-bedroom detached family home occupying a sizeable and mature plot located in the opulent Kirby Fields area of the highly regarded village of Kirby Muxloe. A much-loved family home for nearly twenty five years, this substantial property offers a un..."
"The Cropston is an executive family home with double integral garage, two dressing areas to bedroom 1, and a spacious living areas including a stunning open-plan kitchen / family room and a dedicated study. Completed by a DOUBLE GARAGE and off road parking."
"A stunning and locally listed, detached family home, positioned on a magnificent plot. The property has been meticulously upgraded by the current owners, offering sleek and stylish accommodation throughout whilst retaining much of the original character."
"This wonderful extended detached family home occupies a fabulous plot and has ample potential for further development, particularly to the side elevation - subject to the relevant local planning consents. The current owners have full architectural drawings for a double storey side extension. Step..."
"We are delighted to market this substantial detached family home. The property is immaculately presented by the current owners and offers light and spacious accommodation. There are a plethora of impressive features throughout, a generous driveway, a triple garage and a superbly landscaped garden."
"A buy to let investment opportunity available for this block of three self contained flats in a excellent three storey period conversion, plus an additional two bedroom converted cottage style property. The flats area made up of one three bedroom with three shower rooms, and two two bedrooms w..."
"Tastefully finished to an extremely high standard, with loads of high-end features, this detached seven-bedroom family home is a real find. This place has to be seen to be believed. It has been lovingly renovated and lived in by the current owners"
"Belvoir have the privilege to market this block of flats with a shop unit also available with the property. The proerty is in a great location as it is within walking distance to the Leicester Royal Infirmary and Leicester University, also benefits from being close to the Queens Road amen..."
"Kings are delighted to offer for sale this new build five bedroom house in Oadby, Leicester. Call Kings on to arranage a viewing."
"The Draper an executive family home has an open-plan kitchen, dining and family area with two sets of French doors, a living room with stunning bay window as well as a utility room & cloakroom. Upstairs there 3 en-suites. "
"Located off a private road just off Manor Road, a substantial four bedroom, three bathroom detached family home positioned on a superb plot, offering tremendous opportunity to extend to both the side and rear (subject to the necessary consents)."
"This large, four-bedroomed, detached red brick family home is nestled behind beautiful original brick walls and iron railings and an L-shaped country-style garden. It has the best of both worlds"
Individually built brand new home nestled at the top of a private drive in the heart of Blaby. The property has been tastefully and thoughtfully built with the modern family at the forefront of the design and build process. The owners have left some items unfinished to allow the buyer to put thei...
"A fine period property of discernible grandeur occupying gated grounds in excess of 1/3 of an acre. The Old Rectory is a wonderful family home full of character with original features including joinery, floors, service bells and an open fire. The property is offered to the market with no ..."
"This is an attractive 1930s semi-detached property set back from the road and located in the heart of Evington, a popular residential suburb of Leicester. The property has been extensively expanded by the current owners to create an impressive, spacious family home, ideal for extended families."
"The Bosworth is an executive family home benefiting from extensive living accommodation across 3 floors, including 5 double bedrooms, 2 en-suites, & dressing area to bed 1, an open-plan kitchen and family area. Completed by a DOUBLE GARAGE."
"Kings are delighted to offer for sale this five bedroom detached home in Oadby, Leicester.Call Kings on to arranage a viewing."
An EXCEPTIONAL and SPACIOUS five-bedroom property on one of Oadbys most prestigious streets.
"An extremely handsome, redeveloped and refurbished 1930’s detached family home retaining a wealth of character including high ceilings, whilst boasting spacious accommodation with a large open-plan living kitchen and five bedrooms, plus a purpose-built, self contained annexe."
"Stunning Period Double Fronted Detached Home dating back to 1800's with
Sep 1 Double Bed Annex in Grounds, 4 Beds in Main House, 3 reception Rooms,
Open Plan Dining/Kitchen, En suite to Master, ORP, Front and Rear
Gardens, No Chain"
"We are absolutely delighted to offer for this superb detached home located in a popular residential road in the heart of Stoneygate, a sought-after suburb of Leicester."
"A stunning & completely refurbished semi-detached property located in a highly prestigious area which sits on the Evington/Stoneygate border of Leicester. The property benefits from eight bedrooms, four bathrooms & three reception rooms with the main lounge having bi-folding doors onto the garden."
"Offered to the market for the first time in almost 50 years and positioned on a lovely, deep plot within the Kirby Fields conservation area, a spacious, extended four bedroom detached family home, providing scope for redevelopment if so desired (subject to the necessary planning consents). No upw..."
LUXURY UPGRADED KITCHEN INCLUDED with HIGH-END APPLIANCES | TREE-LINED CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION and DOUBLE GARAGE | Downstairs you'll find a handy HOME OFFICE and a LARGE LOUNGE that leads through to your SEPARATE DINING ROOM and the upgraded OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with QUARTZ WORKTOPS and FRENCH DOORS out...
"Kings are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached new build in Oadby, Leicester. Call Kings on to arranage a viewing."
"A fantastic, three/four bedroom detached property offering superb, open plan living space and high quality fittings throughout, having been built and designed in a contemporary style, offered to the market with no onward chain."
"***GUIDE PRICE OF £700,000*** **TWO SEPARATE PROPERTIES - TWO SEPARATE TITLES FOR ONE PRICE**"
"Victorian Detached Family Home | Driveway, Garage and Good Size Garden | Three Double Bedrooms | Bathroom & En-Suite | Three Reception Rooms | Downstairs Wc | Home Office | Walking Distance Of Blaby Village"
"This EXCEPTIONAL property has abundant space throughout, with a stunning KITCHEN DINER that has light streaming in from the French Doors."
Impossible to be so close to city amenities and yet such a peaceful private rear garden? Not this superb detached SIX BEDROOM DETACHED Home....book a viewing to see for yourself!
"INDIVIDUAL FAMILY RESIDENCE - Welcome to Meadway, a detached four double-bedroom bungalow, sitting on approximately 0.85 of an acre, it has all the makings of the perfect family home. The property can be found setback on Glenfield's desired Groby Road."
"Oadby Estates are proud to present to the market this large 4 bedroom detached property located on the desired setting of The Yews, Oadby - LE2. The ground floor of the property consists of an entrance hall, large L-shaped lounge/diner, kitchen/diner, conservatory and ground floor shower room. Th..."
"A substantial and most attractive detached family residence occupying arguably one of the most sought after residential positions on the outskirts of Leicester city. Set within a stone's throw of County Hall, Glenfield Hospital and the A50, this perfectly placed family home offers deceptively sp..."
"The Cottesmore is an executive family home with a SPACIOUS ENTRANCE HALLWAY, which leads to the formal DINING ROOM and large LIVING ROOM. The kitchen / family room is at the rear of the property with FRENCH DOORS and roof lights."
Are you looking for a versatile and spacious three-bedroomed detached bungalow for your next home? Then this is the place for you
"Excellent five bedroom detached home on Barons Close in Kirby Muxloe, Leicester. Spacious accommodation offers open-plan living, dining and kitchen, living room, study, five bedrooms and two bathrooms, making for a lovely family home. Barons Close is located nearby amenities, schools and road links."
"Upon parking on the walled, gated driveway, make your way indoors, past the manicured front garden, through the porch and front door, into the well-proportioned, refined entrance hall with stunning original features including heated tiled floor"
"A FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY comprising of a lounge, dining room, third reception room, kitchen/diner, utility room & cloakroom downstairs. Upstairs are four double bedrooms, one with en-suite & a family bathroom. The property benefits from a garage, off road parking & a landscaped rear garden"
"This is a rare and very impressive four bedroom, executive detached house in a highly desired area of Birstall. Offering over 2,100 sq feet of living space, this generous home presents extended living space to the ground floor, boasting three reception rooms, an open plan kitchen diner, utility r..."
"The Cadeby is an executive home featuring an open-plan kitchen / family area, a dining area, study & living room. There's a family bathroom to the first floor, while bedrooms 1 & 2 have shower en-suites. Completed by a DOUBLE GARAGE."
"Kings are delighted to offer for sale this five bedroom detached home in Oadby, Leicester Call Kings on to arranage a viewing."
"Located on the outskirts of Leicester city centre in sought-after Evington, an area that’s popular with families, is this significantly extended 1930s semi-detached home. Nicely presented by the current owners, the property offers extensive accommodation over three floors. There are a number of g..."
"A stunning, beautifully extended five bedroom family home, positioned on a good-sized plot in the sought after location of Evington, thought suitable for further substantial extensions (subject to necessary planning consent)."
"Dating back to the 19th century, Brooklands Farm, now semi-detached is full of character and is available to the open market with no upward chain. Located on the outskirts of this most sought after conservation village, this well proportioned farmhouse offers three floors of accommodation which i..."
"This immaculate home has seen a programme of impressive renovation and improvement over the course of August 2019 until August 2022. This traditional bay fronted, detached family home has undergone a series of upgrades in every aspect of the renovation. The accommodation is centred around an impr..."
"Investment opportunity to purchase a freehold block of 3 individual flats with a rental income of £33420 per annum. Property comprises of ground floor studio flat, ground floor two bedroom flat and five bedroom duplex flat with communal garden & off road parking. "
"We are proud to present this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £650,000 - £695,000*"
"Nestled away amongst the leafy and highly regarded streets of the opulent Kirby Fields area of the village, lies this unique four double bedroom detached split level bungalow which occupies a generous and private plot within a quiet cul-de-sac. The property offers deceptively spacious an..."
"A newly constructed six bedroomed detached family home situated on Hinckley Road on the border of Leicester Forest East and Kirby Muxloe. The property benefits from having a 10 year structural warranty, gas fired central heating and UPVC double glazing. The accommodation comprises of en..."
This is a beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home in one of Birstall's most desired locations This individually designed house offers generous living space throughout and boasts a delightful landscaped rear garden with a tree lined aspect that can be enjoyed all year ro...
"A substantial character Farmhouse situated in the heart of this sought after Charnwood village with stunning open views to front aspect. This lovely home retains many character features to include cottage style doors, exposed beams, original fireplaces and stripped and varnished wooden floorin..."
A very well presented two bedroom first floor apartment with its own private entrance. This property could be bought to either live in or let out and is ready to move into. The light and airy accommodation is located to the first floor and in brief consists of an open plan styled livi...
"‘Hidden amongst established trees, a potential gem of a home.’ This property built in 1966, is a spacious four bedroomed detached bungalow with massive potential for future extensions or remodelling"
"A four / five bedroomed detached period home situated in a highly sought after and desirable location within Western Park. The well proportioned family home retains a wealth of period features and is approached via an entrance porch, entrance hallway, sitting room, lounge room leading to open log..."
Substantial four bedroom detached family home with extensive rear gardens and driveway for several cars.  Having the benefit of planning for a four bedroom detached house which will be known as No. 86 and a large single garage in front of No. 88 (plans are attached to photographs)
"For Sale by Public Auction on 26/04/2023; Description:
A level site of approximately 1,467.5 sqm with planning permission for a large detached 3 storey property of approximately 7,500 sqft with potentially 3 reception rooms and 9 bedrooms. Site Area:
1,467.5 sqm (0.36 acres) app..."
"A great opportunity for the discerning purchaser to acquire this stunning four/five bedroom
detached residence set on one of the most sought after locations within just one mile of Bradgate Park. BROUGHT TO THE MARKET WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN"
"Newton Fallowell Oadby are delighted to offer For Sale this superbly presented and stylishly modernised FIVE BEDROOM AND THREE BATHROOM EXTENDED DETACHED FAMILY HOME having undergone a complete refurbishment to provide spacious, light and nicely proportioned accommodation throughout. Located a..."
***CORNER PLOT - BEAUTIFUL HOME*** Situated in the desirable and sought after area of STONEYGATE is this spacious 4 Bedroom DETACHED family home. Having been meticulously extended by the current owners and offering modern accommodation throughout along with ample parking space to the fro...
An exemplary six bedroom Victorian villa on the border of highly desirable Stoneygate/Clarendon Park boasting generous period styled accommodation ove...
"This is a unique opportunity to acquire a beautifully presented, extended five bedroom detached home, which occupies an oversized and the largest plot within the desired area of Hallam Fields, Birstall. The property has planning permission granted for an extension of the double garage to the side..."
"This particularly attractive David Wilson-built EXECUTIVE DETACHED home has a bright and airy feel throughout and occupies a CORNER PLOT with SCOPE FOR EXTENSION to side or rear, with accommodation including FOUR BEDROOMS and THREE RECEPTION ROOMS."
"MOST SPACIOUS DETACHED FAMILY HOME CLOSE TO GLENFIELD HOSPITAL. NO UPWARD CHAIN. Well presented, spacious and versatile accommodation. Porch, Hall, Cloaks/WC, Lounge, Family Room, Study, Dining Room, fitted Kitchen, Utility Room, Landing, four double Bedrooms, En-Suite and Family Bathroom."
"This stunning property is located in the popular Oadby town, close to well-regarded schools and useful local amenities. It features six spacious bedrooms with the master bedroom benefiting from an en-suite and a gorgeous view of the lawned rear garden and patio area. Contact us to arrange a viewing."
"*NEW PRICE* *OPEN HOUSE* - SAT. 15th APRIL 11:00am - 13:00. PLEASE CALL THE BLABY OFFICE TO BOOK AN IDIVIDUAL VIEWING SLOT WITHIN THESE TIMES. Being offered to the market with no onwards chain, this truly exceptional example of a five bedroom detached home is nestled away on a private ..."
EXTENDED AND WELL PRESENTED DETACHED FAMILY HOME | 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS | CONTEMPORARY BATHROOM & SHOWER ROOM | CUL-DE-SAC POSITION | SOLAR PANELS - VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED
"MOST SPACIOUS, VERSATILE BUNGALOW ! Larger plot in sought after area, ample car standing, lovely gardens. Flexible, well presented, extended accommodation, brimming with features and fittings. Fantastic open plan Family Living/Dining Area, six Bedrooms, four Shower Rooms, Study. A must view."
"A substantial six-bedroomed detached home, that has been recently modernised and situated in a small development just off Uppingham Road, with ease of access to all local amenities"
"A FOUR BEDROOM BUNGALOW offering a lounge, dining room, third reception room, two kitchens, four bedrooms, one with en-suite and a family bathroom downstairs. A further reception room can be found upstairs. To the front is a driveway for multiple cars and to the rear is an easy to maintain garden."
"A truly stunning, refurbished and extended, detached bungalow positioned on a superb, manicured plot. The house has been meticulously presented by the current owners to include a refitted kitchen and bathrooms and the installation of solar renewables with additional battery packs, making internal..."
"The Stonethwaite is a stunning 5-bedroom home spread across three storeys. It's impressive open plan kitchen and dining area comes equipped with a convenient kitchen island and two sets of French doors that overlook the private garden, making it a beautiful and bright space for the family to e..."
This beautifully converted five bedroom cottage is truly English and rural in character
"Hideaway is a spacious detached bungalow situated along a private drive with a plot size of approximately a third of an acre. The property benefits from three reception rooms, three double bedrooms and two shower rooms. Large driveway, office space and wraparound gardens."
"A stone’s throw from Uppingham Road, is Bramley Orchard. The stylish and luxurious bungalow sits back from the road behind beautifully established hedges and borders"
"A PARTICULARLY ATTRACTIVE Art Deco style detached home occupying a CORNER PLOT with SPACIOUS accommodation. It retains much of its original CHARACTER and CHARM with scope for improvement, sub to relevant permissions."
"Beautifully refurbished throughout to a high specification this stunning detached property is perfectly positioned within the heart of Narborough. Boasting a new Worcester central heating system, windows, doors and upgraded electrics. If a ready made home is what you have been searching for then ..."
"In the heart of Knighton. When you pull up outside and park on the walled, gravelled driveway alongside the garage, first impressions of this impressive family home with all its red-brick splendour will take your breath away…"
Signature Homes of Midlands are delighted to be marketing this beautifully renovated three bedroom semi-detached character property bordering Stoneygate and South Knighton. This stunning property has been extended and boasts original features making it the perfect family home.
"We are proud to present this Six Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £600,000 - £650,000*"
"This large, three-bedroomed, detached family home is nestled in its large plot in Oadby, with attached garage and storage to suit all those wish list plans and ideas"
"Nestled in the heart of Oadby is this five bedroom detached family home with the chance to bring your development and renovation ideas to life. Available now and benefits from off road parking, garage, five good sized bedrooms, two reception rooms, kitchen/breakfast room and two bathrooms."
"Residing upon a generously sized corner plot within a highly sought after position in Kirby Muxloe comes offered for sale this Victorian Five Bedroom Detached house. A fantastic property full of features, that has in the past been extended, will make for a lovely family home once repairs and reno..."
"We are delighted to present for sale this substantial five bedroom detached family home, brought to you exclusively by William H Brown. Situated in the sought after location of Oadby, we believe the property would be the ideal investment for a large family."
A rare opportunity presents its to purchase a versatile commercial premises conveniently located on Cyprus Road in Aylestone. The property comprises of a commercial warehouse with yard to the front and a separate storage yard located adjacent to a pair of semi-detached houses providing an opportu...
"FIVE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY. Offering off road parking to the front & garden to the rear. Inside you will find a lounge, kitchen, dining room, third reception room & bedroom with en-suite. Upstairs you have four bedrooms, en-suite & a family bathroom. SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION"
"Are you looking for a traditional, spacious, versatile, family home, with a fabulous large garden, located within a very desirable area? This home will tick many boxes!"
"EXECUTIVE STYLE DETACHED HOME - A perfect example of modern family living comes in the shape of this substantial, detached four-bedroom home, ideally located on Anstey's desired Bradgate Road. The property has the major additional benefit of being available with no onward chain. One of only three..."
FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED house for sale in the HEART of STONEYGATE. This beautifully presented property has been recently refurbished and the result is a truly impressive home perfect for a growing or established family. Each of the bedrooms are spacious and there is a beautiful family bathroom.
An attractive traditional detached house available with NO UPWARD CHAIN with a PLEASANT ASPECT to the rear overlooking a bowls green. The home would benefit from improvement throughout yet provides SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION.
"A stunning and largely extended, four bedroom, two bathroom detached family home with a fantastic showcase living kitchen and vaulted ceilings, positioned on a slip road just off Uppingham Road, opposite Spencefield Lane."
An investment opportunity to purchase a mixture of 6 one bedroom flats and studios. Some are currently tenanted. A great opportunity for someone looking for their next investment.
"HMO EIGHT SHARE STUDENT LET ACCOMOODATION 2022/23 | A HANDSOME FOUR STOREY VICTORIAN VILLA Superbly situated in the popular WEST END city suburb of Leicester being well served for De Montfort University, Railway Station, the city centre & the popular Braunstone Gate with an array of everyday loca..."
"UPGRADES INCLUDE: Flooring, landscaped gardens, heated towel rails, wardrobes in bed 1 & 2 and upgraded kitchen with quartz. Detached family home arranged across three floors. Discover the open plan live-in kitchen dining and family room with French doors. Master bedroom with ensuite and dres..."
"SPACIOUS THREE-STOREY HOME | This Emerson features a large OPEN-PLAN FAMILY KITCHEN with FRENCH DOORS to your garden, a SEPARATE DINING ROOM and a SPACIOUS LOUNGE. Upstairs, there are FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS and a SINGLE BEDROOM with the main bedroom featuring its own EN SUITE. A DOUBLE DETACHED GAR..."
"Within this highly sought after Charnwood village, we are happy to offer to the market this five bedroom detached family home. A property that offers great living space married with very well sized bedrooms makes this house a property that must be viewed to fully appreciate. The property boasts E..."
"GUIDE PRICE £600,000-£625,000 Situated in a family friendly cul de sac location, fall in love with this executive detached home occupying a prominent corner position within the sought after village of Groby. The gas centrally heated and double glazed layout in more details comprises of a..."
"Situated on a substantial plot of just under a quarter of an acre, a spacious four bedroom, two bathroom detached family home, thought suitable for extension (subject to the necessary planning consents)."
"An immaculately presented spacious detached family home with all the character of a traditional house, generous sized plot and a fully modernised interior with brand new open plan kitchen with appliances, carpets throughout, two contemporary bathrooms and offered for sale with immediate vacant po..."
"A unique and executive detached home situated within a highly regarded development in Countesthorpe. This modern and spacious property has beautifully appointed accommodation briefly comprising: Entrance hallway, Living room, Sitting / dining room, Dining kitchen, Ground floor w/c. First Floor: F..."
Individually designed established four bedroomed detached residence situated in this highly prestigious location in the heart of the sought after suburb of Glenfield. This fabulous home retains many character features and the well presented accommodation briefly comprises to the ground floor r...
This mid terrace home is now available for sale with no onward chain on Percy Road in Aylestone
"LARGE DETACHED HOME with FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS | Downstairs you'll find a HOME OFFICE, a separate DINING ROOM or SECOND RECEPTION ROOM, a spacious LOUNGE and the heart of the home, the KITCHEN-DINER, with French doors out to your garden. Upstairs there are FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS  with the main bedro..."
"A particularly attractive EDWARDIAN three-storey SEMI-DETACHED house with PERIOD FEATURES. The property has a bright and airy feel with well proportioned accommodation including a stylish rear garden, cellar and stunning SUN LOUNGE/dining room with open aspect to MODERN KITCHEN breakfast room."
Beautifully presented detached family residence occupies a generous plot with potential for further extension - subject to local planning consents. Nestled within a sought after tree lined road and beautifully presented throughout believe an internal viewing is essential to truly appreciate. Ente...
A STUNNING DETACHED home providing SPACIOUS accommodation. The newly fitted breakfast kitchen enjoys an abundance of light streaming down onto the breakfast island. Also benefitting from FOUR BEDROOMS and two reception rooms.
"EXTENSIVE PLOT & MODERN PROPERTY - Ticking all the boxes is this extensive, modern five-bedroom Dorma bungalow, tucked away at the bottom of Groby's desired Jonathan Close. It enjoys an extensive outdoor space, perfect for a keen gardener and the property itself is large enough to cater to family..."
"Fair-Way Properties is pleased to offer this well presented 3 storey 5 bed detached property located in the highly sought after location of Anstey. Downstairs the property briefly comprises of an entrance hallway with downstairs WC, a spacious lounge benefitting from a gas fire, a large kitchen /..."
"DETACHED CHARACTER HOME | Excellent Potential | LARGE PLOT (0.26 acres/1050SqM) | Lounge, Dining Room | BEAUTIFUL BREAKFAST KITCHEN | Conservatory | MODERN BATHROOM & 2 WCs - Viewing a MUST !"
"This stunning modern Eco-friendly home can be discovered just off Lutterworth Road via a beautifully landscaped private access approaching a secure-gated entrance, which leads into an exclusive and quiet cul-de-sac of only four architect designed homes"
"A four bedroomed detached family home situated in a popular and convenient location within Bushby. With the benefit of gas fired central heating and UPVC double glazing the accommodation comprises, entrance porch, entrance hall with parquet flooring, cloaks/w.c, snug, triple aspect sitting room, ..."
NO CHAIN - Nestled in a quiet cul de sac on one of the most sought-after roads on the ever popular Pastures development in Narborough. This executive detached family home is offered for sale with FULL PLANNING PERMISSION for a large wrap-around extension which will create an internal floor area i...
"SUBSTANTIAL HOME & PLOT - Enjoy the many wonders this substantial, five-bedroom detached home has to offer. Perfect for large families, the main feature is perhaps the extensive rear garden. The property can be found on Groby's highly desired Castell Drive."
"This stunning detached dormer bungalow is situated in a very popular location. The accomodation comprises of an entrance hallway, large open plan kitchen/living/diner, five bedrooms, shower room, two ensuites and utility room. Outside there is a garage and off road parking."
"It is rare for a property like this one to come to the market in such a popular location. Not only is the home based in Kirby Muxloe, but the property is one of the best plots on the street"
"LARGE FAMILY HOME
COME INSIDE and have a look at this WONDERFUL three storey detached FAMILY home, that has been LOVED, well LOOKED after and UPGRADED too. This HOME comes with a TANDEM garage and a DRIVEWAY, all BEDROOMS are DOUBLE'S, TWO EN-SUITES plus a family bathroom and a DOWNSTAIRS WC, a s..."
"Occupying a unique setting in the heart of Stoneygate, only a short walk from cafes, culture, shops and restaurants, this Victorian villa occupies a grand spot on St Johns Road"
"A traditional (1940's) 5 bedroom, 2 bathroom detached family home situated in much sought after non-estate location close to excellent schools, shopping and major road links. The property has been carefully maintained and much improved by the current owners and benefits from full gas central heat..."
"A fantastic and superbly renovated detached family home, having been styled in a contemporary fashion throughout by the current owners and offering FOUR/FIVE BEDROOMS within the main house as well as a self-contained ONE BEDROOM ANNEXE and WORKSHOP, offering an EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY for working f..."
A beautiful and stunning Grade II Listed home in the heart of old Enderby Village boasting spacious accommodation and set on a good sized plot. Upon entry through an inner lobby with feature stained glass window and through tall double wooden doors is the open plan Lounge Dining area with beam...
"Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this spacious and stylishly improved FIVE BEDROOM & THREE BATHROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME occupying a larger than average plot within a quiet cul-de-sac position on the popular Grange Development, Oadby LE2.  The property offers a promine..."
"Extend your living into the garden through the bifold doors from the kitchen/dining/living area with, distinctive double height ceilings too."
"The Philosopher has four bedrooms - one of which benefits from an en suite shower room - an open-plan kitchen, dining and family area, a separate living room and a study. Completed by a single garage."
"Settled in the popular suburb of Hamilton, we offer a fantastic sized family home boasting 5 double bedrooms fit for a large family. Hamilton is a brilliant area with excellent road links and all amenities. This executive home has ample parking, a large immaculate garden and fantastic primary suite"
Kings are pleased to market this beautifully presented 5 Bedroom Detached House in the very sought after Hamilton area. Call KINGS now to arrange your viewing!!! 
"An exceptional property with an ABUNDANCE OF SPACE throughout and period features. Benefitting from THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, stunning kitchen diner, FIVE BEDROOMS, two bathrooms & shower room."
This three bedroom house is located in a prime location. This would make a perfect investment or your first home. Call now and book a viewing and not miss this fantastic opportunity
"A unique and spacious skilfully extended five double bedroomed detached family residence lying in this popular location with exceptional rear gardens, gas centrally heated and double glazed, the well-arranged internal accommodation comprises entrance into storm porch, entrance hallway, separate W..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this six bedroom, detached property located in the popular residential area of Oadby. Complete with Annex and two en suites, internal viewing of this accommodation is highly recommended."
An exceptionally well presented and spacious five bedroom detached property which offers generous size accommodation throughout and would make the perfect family home
"This executive detached family home has been significantly extended and superbly finished both inside and out. The highly spacious property sits on the ever popular 'Pastures Development' in Narborough and has accommodation briefly comprising: Entrance, Large living room, Two further reception ro..."
"EXTENSIVE FAMILY HOME - Fancy life on one of Groby's most desired streets? This five-bedroom detached property is now for sale on Groby's highly sought-after Beaumont Green, offering a brand-new en-suite with the Master bedroom."
"With a STUNNING OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN DINING ROOM, this particularly attractive THREE-STOREY FOUR-BEDROOM VICTORIAN VILLA has a stylish theme and retains much of its ORIGINAL CHARACTER with a wealth of PERIOD FEATURES and an established REAR GARDEN."
"Located within walking distance of the village centre, a spacious detached four bedroom family home on a generous plot, offered to the market for the first time since being built, thought suitable for further extension and renovation (subject to necessary planning)."
"This exquisite and imposing extended detached four bedroom family home is situated on a cul-de-sac and is set within the much sought after village of Kirby Muxloe. The accommodation comprises of main entrance hall, lounge, extended rear living area with kitchen, diner and sitting area, ground flo..."
"TAKE A LOOK AT THIS AMAZING FAMILY HOME! As you enter, a welcoming hallway provides access to a spacious living room, a handy downsrairs WC, a dining room and a large kitchen. Off of the kitchen is a utility space, providiing that much needed area to sotre your white goods. To the rear of the ..."
Offers invited on this excellent home
"Newton Fallowell Oadby are delighted to bring to market this charming and characterful 1930's built SIX BEDROOM DETACHED HOME SET OVER THREE FLOORS, located along the Knighton Village stretch of Welford Road offering stunning views of the medieval tower and spire of St Mary Magdalen's Church.&..."
"Having been thoughtfully extended and finished to a high specification throughout, this 5/6 bedroom semi-detached home is located within the ever popular area of LE5. Accommodation is arranged over three floors and comprises in brief; Entrance porch, leading to spacious entrance hall, ..."
"In simply stunning condition throughout and featuring a high specification finish this executive detached family home is now available for sale on Somerville Close in Syston. The property on the ground floor comprises entrance hallway, study room, W.C, lounge room, kitchen diner, utility room and..."
"A spacious four double bedroomed modern detached residence situated in this popular cul-de-sac position offering well-arranged internal family accommodation, gas central heating and double glazing with intruder alarm system. The accommodation comprises entrance into main hallway, cloaks storage,..."
"A fine example of an Edwardian home built in 1903, the current occupiers have owned for over 46 years. This magnificent property has a wealth of character and original features to include high skirting boards, coving, ceiling roses, picture rails, open fires and sash windows. The accomm..."
"An exceptional example of a four bedroom detached bungalow including master en suite, extended open plan kitchen/living/dining space, impressive plot with substantial rear garden, and sought after location in the heart of Oadby. Tastefully renovated throughout you will not want to miss out!"
This executive four bedroom detached property is situated on the sought after location of Lutterworth Road. Viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate everything this home has to offer. Immaculately presented throughout and commanding a large plot including a large driveway.
"A beautifully extended family home located in Oadby. The property briefly comprises 2 reception rooms, kitchen, bedroom/study, en-suite, 4 further bedrooms, en-suite & family bathroom. Externally, ample parking to the front for 6-8 cars and a rear enclosed garden with a private and sunny outlook. "
** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION JUST BEYOND SPENCEFIELD LANE ** A substantial detached family home occupying a generous plot within this much sought-after location. The property sits at the end of a cul-de-sac just off Hereward Drive off the main A47/Uppingham Road enjoying a mature wooded green separa...
"A substantial detached family home offering plenty of living space set over two floors. This unique detached family home is a must view to appreciated the size, space, scope to extend and location it offers. The property comprises on an entrance hallway, a spacious family living room, an open..."
A UNIQUE RESIDENTIAL OR POTENTIAL BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY has presented itself in South Wigston to purchase this 4 bedroom bungalow along with a HUGE plot. The land found on this private estate is home to numerous protected trees and the boundary stretches all the way out up to where the roa...
"VIEWINGS TO BE HELD 25/02/2023 APPOINTMENT ONLY! An extensive four bedroom, detached property. Double glazed throughout, situated in a desirable location close by to local well-regarded schools and amenities. Please contact us for more information!"
"Sell My Home are pleased to present to the market this unique detached three bedroom bungalow with an extensive and impressively presented rear garden. As you enter the property, you will find yourself in the lounge area with the sun room directly ahead to the rear of the property. To th..."
"Situated on a private drive alongside one other property with views over open countryside, Woodlands is a spacious 3/4 bedroom property that offers over 1700 sq.ft of accommodation and occupying a plot of approximately .23 ac"
"Sell your home with our Movemaker scheme - estate agent fees paid | IMPRESSIVE open-plan kitchen with dining area, family area and FRENCH DOORS onto the garden. SEPARATE dining room, SPACIOUS lounge, utility room, EN SUITE main bedroom, 3 further double bedrooms & family bathroom. Offers flexibil..."
"Positioned in a quiet residential area, this charming house has been carefully and stylishly designed to satisfy the demands of twenty-first century living while incorporating the best of traditional design"
"This particularly attractive TRADITIONAL DETACHED property is located within a sought-after CUL-DE-SAC position, close to BEAUCHAMP COLLEGE."
"This superb detached family home forms part of a small development and sits at the bottom of a quiet residential cul-de-sac located in the highly popular area of Clarendon Park, just on the outskirts of Leicester city centre. Being a well-presented family home and offering spacious accommodation,..."
"Don't miss this one! New to the market is this stunning, detached, five bedroom, family home in the ever-popular area of Hamilton in LE5. Immaculately presented throughout, and with accommodation over three floors, the property benefits from five double bedrooms, three bathrooms, a large rear ga..."
"Totally transformed and completely renovated, from a dated house to a fabulous contemporary abode, this refurbished detached home would make an ideal for growing families and is situated in the sought after location of West End and conveniently positioned for easy access into the City Centre. Ext..."
Newton Fallowell Oadby are delighted to offer For Sale this FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED PERIOD PROPERTY having traditional features throughout with spacious and well proportioned accommodation set within a stunning character home.  The location benefits from easy access to Clarendon Park and St...
Stoughton Road is a distinctively beautiful four-bedroom semi-detached family home situated on one of Oadby's most sought after residential addresses
"Offered to the market with no onwards chain is this imposing four bedroom detached house situated on the ever popular Scraptoft Lane. Benefitting from an extensive driveway and established rear garden as well as excellent transport links, Scraptoft lane has accommodation arranged over..."
This six bedroom house would make an ideal family home for anyone looking for a spacious property There is further opportunity for working from home with a converted outbuilding outside. The property also benefits from a garage and is situated opposite the canal. Viewing is highly recommended.
Kings are please to market this well presented 6 Bedroom Detached House For Sale in the sought after Hamilton Area on Saxthorpe Road. This property is currently a HMO (House Of Multiple Occupation) with full licence in place and currently all 6 rooms are LET. Call KINGS on to book ...
"BM Estates are very pleased to offer this well-presented and roomy detached bungalow with versatile accommodation on a lovely plot and in a great location. The home is accessible through a large entrance hall at the central point of the property. On the eastern side of the property, there are thr..."
"Occupying a generous corner plot of approx. 0.17 acres, this FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME offers scope and potential to improve, extend and add value to a delightful property: Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this spacious and well proportioned home located on the desi..."
*REDUCED PRICE* A great opportunity to purchase this well maintained and extended detached family home located within a popular and sought after suburb of Evington.
"This is a generous four double bedroom, semi detached house situated in a highly desired area of Birstall. This tastefully extended home benefits from recent upgrades to key rooms mainly to the impressive kitchen diner, utility room, and some bedrooms. The property occupies a sizeable plot and of..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this stunning four bedroom, detached property located on the new Barratt Homes Development in the heart of Wigston. Featuring an open-plan kitchen with dining area, a spacious lounge, four double bedrooms with the main bedroom featuring an en suite, plus bathroom."
"** UNEXPECTEDLY RE-OFFERED FOR SALE ** A stunning former David Wilson show home built to a Holden design, with many upgrades to include a higher specification kitchen and utility, larger conservatory, hard wired sound system with ceiling speakers, upgraded bathroom and en suite to name just a..."
"Significantly extended to the side and rear, fall in love with this much improved four bedroom detached home occupying a sought after position along the popular Fosse Way, ideal for growing families in search of more space. The gas centrally heated, re-wired and insulated accommodation includes a..."
See the link to the 4D tour! Stunningly situated and beautifully presented - this four double bedroom detached property boasts well over 2000sq foot of usable space and is placed perfectly within the ever popular 'Woodbank'. You will walk in to be greeted by an individually ...
"BM Estates are offering a rare opportunity to purchase this magnificent five / six bedroom detached house in the highly desirable area of North Evington. This property is situated on a large corner plot off Kitchener Road, just a stone’s throw away from the popular Green Lane Road. The loca..."
"INCENTIVES WORTH £39,000* - DON'T MISS OUT | £26,000 CONTRIBUTION | UPGRADED KITCHEN and FLOORING WORTH £13,000 INCLUDED | SOUTH-WEST-FACING GARDEN | Downstairs you'll find your HOME OFFICE or playroom, a SPACIOUS LOUNGE with French doors out to your garden and a cleverly designed KITCHEN-DINER. ..."
"The Draycott features an open-plan kitchen, dining and family room with integrated appliances, plus separate utility room with plumbing for washing machine and dryer. This home has a master suite with designer ensuite and double shower."
Plot 196 * Faces large OPEN GREEN space * West facing garden * Garage with private driveway * OPEN PLAN kitchen / dining  / family * Feature island unit to kitchen * Generous lounge & separate study *
"INCENTIVES WORTH £36,850* | This Holden features an OPEN-PLAN FAMILY KITCHEN with FRENCH DOORS to your garden, a BAY-FRONTED LOUNGE and a STUDY. Upstairs, there are FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS with the main bedroom featuring its own EN SUITE. A DETACHED GARAGE with parking for TWO CARS completes this lo..."
"Individually Built Detached 4 Bed Dormer Style home on a large plot, set back from the road. 2 Owners Since Built in 1956, Garage and ORP, Versatile Living, Lounge, Kitchen Dining Room, Utility, 2 bathrooms, Private Rear Gardens"
"A beautifully presented bay fronted property, bordering Evington Valley and Stoneygate, this property is set within a short distance of local schooling, leisure and recreation facilities and many fashionable eateries, specialist shopping and bars. Ground Rent :0 Property ..."
"Viewing is highly recommended to appreciate the size and position of this lovely five bedroom detached home. Situated on an enviable plot and set back from the road, it offers spacious accommodation to include entrance hall, living room, garden room, breakfast kitchen, five bedrooms, family ba..."
"Available to the market with no onwards chain, this excellent example of a six bedroom detached house is located within the ever popular 'Gates' development of Birstall. The property benefits from underfloor heating throughout the ground floor and air conditioning in one of the upstair..."
"A PRIME POSITIONED HOME WITH A VIEW * | This Holden features an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN-DINER with a FULLY-GLAZED BAY and FRENCH DOORS to your SOUTHERLY-FACING garden, a BAY-FRONTED LOUNGE and a STUDY. Upstairs, there are FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS with the main bedroom featuring its own EN SUITE. A DETACHED..."
"Downstairs you'll find a HOME OFFICE or playroom, a spacious LOUNGE with FRENCH DOORS and the heart of the home, the KITCHEN-DINER, that's cleverly separated by a half wall. The kitchen-diner also has French doors out to your garden. Upstairs there is plenty of space with FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS. Th..."
"INCENTIVES WORTH £37,600* - DON'T MISS OUT | £25,000 CONTRIBUTION plus an UPGRADED KITCHEN AND FLOORING WORTH £12,600 | SOUTH-FACING GARDEN and CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION | Downstairs you'll find your spacious BAY-FRONTED LOUNGE, a HOME OFFICE or snug and the impressive heart of the home, the KITCHEN-DI..."
"A spacious family home with 4 bedrooms, sprawling kitchen/dining/family room and separate study or play room."
"House to sell? Sell your home with our Movemaker scheme - estate agent fees paid | IMPRESSIVE detached home with open-plan kitchen/breakfast and DUAL ASPECT lounge, both with FRENCH DOORS onto the garden. STUDY, SEPARATE dining room, EN SUITE main bedroom, 3 further DOUBLE bedrooms & family bathr..."
"The accomodation comprises of a porch leading to a large hallway, a bay fronted lounge, dining room, kitchen, with three bedrooms, and family bathroom. Outside there is an integral garage, ample off road parking and a large garden."
Presenting this FIVE BEDROOM semi-detached family home in EVINGTON with a lovely rear garden.
"This particularly attractive TRADITIONAL SEMI-DETACHED property retains some ORIGINAL FEATURES with a blend of modern touches, a STUNNING OPEN-PLAN LIVING KITCHEN DINING ROOM, stylish family bathroom, attractive rear garden and ample OFF-ROAD PARKING."
"A SUBSTANTIAL THREE STOREY PROPERTY Superbly situated in the popular WEST END city suburb of Leicester being well served for De Montfort University, Railway Station, the city centre & the popular Braunstone Gate with an array of everyday local amenities. This spacious student accommodation would ..."
"Offered for sale within this highly sought after location comes this detached, three bedroom bungalow in need of repair and modernisation however, this also offers a potential for further development as the property resides upon a generous plot. Any further development would be subject to necessa..."
"Boasting a floor space of over 1730 square ft this well presented, detached home is perfect for families in need of more space. The accommodation briefly consists of entrance hall, wc, lounge, kitchen, dining room and a utility room to the ground floor. To the first floor is a spacious master be..."
Immaculate family home which offers as much downstairs living space as a family could ever need. Not only is there a flexible family space but a separate office for all those families who have at least one person working from home. In addition to the excellent living space the location of the pro...
A rare opportunity to purchase this unique bungalow situated in a desirable private location whilst being close to local amenities. The property is well presented throughout and benefits from a double garage and is being offered to the market with no onward chain. Call now to view.
"For Sale by Public Auction on 26/04/2023; Description:
A detached property of approximately 1,646 sqft on a site area of 0.18 acres. The property has 2 bedrooms, large garden, garage, double glazing and gas central heating. There is potential to extend the property or for complete redev..."
"BACK ON THE MARKET! A beautifully presented and very well appointed family home in a desirable location.The property enjoys a good size rear garden and benefits from four well proportioned bedrooms and a stunning living kitchen, the kitchen fittings were an upgrade."
"Occupying a generous plot on the revered Saintbury Road, this thoughtfully extended four bedroom detached home is available to the market. Accommodation is arranged over two floors and comprises in brief; Entrance hall, lounge with feature fireplace to the front aspect, leading to part..."
"The Sherford is a beautiful 4-bedroom home with plenty of living space across 3 floors. The whole family can relax together in the spacious lounge or the contemporary open-plan kitchen and dining area, which has a wonderful view through French doors onto the garden.  Upstairs on th..."
"An attractive Victorian three-storey villa boasting spacious accommodation and beautiful original features, positioned on a leafy and quiet tree-lined Victorian road in the heart of the fashionable suburb of Stoneygate."
"Located on a corner plot in Oadby is this brilliant flexible detached family home. The property comprises; a large open plan living kitchen, lounge, a downstairs bedroom with its own living area, wc, hallway and porch to the ground floor. To the first floor there are three bedrooms, family bat..."
"This attractive four bedroomed house, situated in a pleasant cul-de-sac in the highly sought-after area of Oadby, is available for immediate occupancy as a family home as well as having the potential for future development. Offered for sale in good decorative order with gas central heating and U..."
"Seths are delighted to offer this 3/4 bedroom mid-terraced property in the popular location of Leicester. The property briefly comprises; an entrance hallway, front reception room (currently used as a bedroom), lounge, kitchen, lobby and bathroom, first floor landing leading to three bedrooms. Th..."
"A superb opportunity to purchase a fabulous traditional detached family home, which retains many original features, whilst having some modern and complementary living designs. The property is set on a generous plot, which could be further extended subject to relevant planning regulations. This fa..."
Occupying a most fabulous plot this non estate detached family home must be viewed to truly appreciate. Set back from the road and greatly improved by the current owner this wonderful property offers well proportioned and flexible accommodation. On approach to the home you will be greeted with a ...
An IMMACULATELY PRESENTED and EXTENDED 1930s semi-detached home benefitting from character features with a modern twist. The home includes a BEAUTIFUL open plan living kitchen dining room with snug area and FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS with a principal en-suite.
"Rarely available to the market and located on the sought after Saintbury Road is set on a substantial plot prominently located in Glenfield, this executive extended house offers expansive living accommodation. Benefitting from an all essential open plan Living Kitchen Diner with a further..."
"Enjoying a conservatory to the rear, fall in love with this four bedroom detached home perfect for growing families in search of more space and must be viewed in person to be fully appreciated. Enjoying gas fired central heating and double glazing throughout, the accommodation briefly comprises a..."
An investment opportunity to purchase a mixture of 5 one bedroom flats and studios. Some are currently tenanted. A great opportunity for someone looking for their next investment.
"This bay fronted property situated in a highly desirable location. The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, two reception rooms, breakfast kitchen and w.c. with four bedrooms and two bathrooms upstairs. Outside there is off road parking leading to garage and a large rear garden."
Established extended four bedroom detached family home situated in this sought after location offering easy access to all local amenities and the Leicester City Centre itself. The property has been extended with great care and attention to both the ground floor and first floor to provide spaci...
"Bursting with character and an array of original features, this Grade II listed three/four bedroom semi-detached cottage was once three separate properties that now interconnect to form a unique family home. The accommodation comprises of: Entrance hall, two separate reception rooms, a triple-asp..."
"INCENTIVES WORTH £37,600* - DON'T MISS OUT | £25,000 CONTRIBUTION | READY TO MOVE INTO | UPGRADED KITCHEN & FLOORING PACKAGE WORTH £12,600 | Downstairs you’ll find your SPACIOUS KITCHEN-DINER with a fully glazed pod and FRENCH DOORS out to your garden, a stylish BAY-FRONTED LOUNGE to relax in and..."
"Occupying a desirable location situated within walking distance to local amenities and schooling, this enlarged five bedroom detached home perfect for growing families. The extended accommodation includes an entrance porch and hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility room and a second lounge/p..."
"Set in the ever popular town of Syston this stunning, contemporary, fully refurbished detached family home boasts from the extensive use of high quality fixtures and fittings throughout and is a must view for potential buyers. Centred around a fantastic 26ft dining kitchen is a spacious lounge, ..."
Beautifully presented extended four bedroom detached home situated in this highly sought after location offering easy access to all local facilities. The property has been maintained with great care and attention to create an excellent fusion of character and contemporary living and the well p...
Energy bills contribution * Private cul-de-sac * Corner position with green OPEN SPACE to front * 2 bedrooms with en suite * Large master bedrooms with dressing area & fitted wardrobes *
"Nestled within a delightful Cul-De-Sac this fabulous double fronted detached family home is situated within walking distance to the highly sought after Badgerbrook Primary School. Extended and offering wonderful, well proportioned accommodation throughout nest believe an internal viewing is essen..."
An extremely well presented and versatile four / five bedroom detached dormer-bungalow located in the highly desirable village of Kirby Muxloe. The property has been completely redesigned internally and now boasts contemporary and versatile accommodation which is both sizeable and decep...
Occupying a generous plot and positioned within a highly sought after location stands this extended detached family residence. With an in and out driveway and double garage this great property offers fabulous accommodation and ample scope for further extension or development - subject to the rele...
"NO CHAIN - An executive detached family home with SIX bedrooms and THREE reception rooms situated on the ever popular 'PASTURES' development in Narborough. The highly spacious accommodation briefly comprises: Porch, Hallway, Living room, Dining room, Conservatory, Study, Kitchen, Ground floor w/c..."
"A fantastic, five bedroom detached family home, having been cleverly extended and superbly refurbished by the current owners, offering contemporary living over a spacious two floors to include a stunning living kitchen backing onto beautiful west facing gardens in a quiet cul-de-sac in the heart ..."
"A fantastic, well presented detached modern David Wilson built five bedroom family home enjoying a cul-de-sac location and presented in good decorative order throughout."
QUITE SIMPLY A SPLENDID EXTENDED FAMILY HOUSE IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION. An amazing 4 bedroom detached family house on a particularly good sized plot with potential for further extension subject to usual consent. The property has been extended and comprehensively improved by the current owners fea...
"A substantial and attractive Grade II listed home situated at the heart of this sought after village. The property is perfectly positioned for ease of access to excellent transport links nearby and local amenities. The property has an abundance of character throughout including latch doors, tiled..."
An exceptionally well presented four bedroom detached family property located on the desirable Forest House Lane in Leicester Forest East. This David Wilson 'Holden' build offers well proportioned and generous family living. The property occupies a sought after position overlooking a gr...
"INCENTIVES WORTH £36,400* - DON'T MISS OUT | £24,000 CONTRIBUTION | FLOORING AND UPGRADED KITCHEN WORTH £12,400 | SOUTH-WEST-FACING GARDEN| Downstairs you’ll find your SPACIOUS KITCHEN-DINER with a FAMILY area, perfect for entertaining family and friends, a BAY-FRONTED LOUNGE and a STUDY, an idea..."
"*SOLD WITH NO CHAIN* BM Estates is pleased to present this three-bedroom semi-detached home in the highly desirable Rushey Mead area. The property requires renovation throughout but would make a great investment or a family home. The property briefly comprises an entrance hall, a lounge, a k..."
"OVERLOOKING GREEN SPACE and FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS | Downstairs you’ll find your SPACIOUS KITCHEN-DINER with a FAMILY area, perfect for entertaining family and friends, a BAY-FRONTED LOUNGE and a STUDY, an ideal space for working from home. Upstairs you’ll find four double bedrooms, with the main b..."
"A semi-detached property comprising of a porch and hallway, lounge, kitchen/dining room, two utility rooms and a downstairs WC. Upstairs the property hosts four bedrooms and a bathroom, the second floor is an attic room. Outside is a spacious rear garden, driveway and garage."
"Stunning extended four bedroom semi-detached home on Valentine Road in Leicester. Offering two reception rooms, large kitchen, utility, downstairs WC, four bedrooms and two bathrooms, as well as a garage and front & rear garden, the property is the ideal family home. Valentine Road is located nea..."
"With a front porch and glazed pod to the rear, The Severn has an impressive exterior. Step inside to find a generous entrance hall, spacious lounge, study, downstairs cloakroom and open-plan kitchen, dining and family area, with the added benefit of a separate utility room.  The co..."
Kings are delighted to market this fantastic 5 bedroom semi-detached home for sale on Barbara Avenue in the very sought after Humberstone area. CALL KINGS NOW TO ARRANGE YOUR VIEWING !!!
"Totally transformed and completely renovated, from a tired home to a fabulous contemporary abode, this refurbished detached home must be viewed in person to be truly appreciated. Extended across the rear, the accommodation in more details comprises of an entrance porch and hall, contemporary open..."
"Stunning five bedroom detached home on Monterey Court in Humberstone, Leicester. Accommodation is presented immaculately over three floors offering two reception rooms, kitchen, utility, five bedrooms and three bathrooms, making for the perfect family home. Monterey Court is located nearby amenit..."
"Oadby Estates are delighted to bring this sought after Three Bedroom Detached family home to the sale market on the desired location of Holme Drive, Oadby. In brief: The ground floor of the property consists of Porch, Entrance, Lounge, Diner, Kitchen/Diner, Utility Room and Ground Floor Shower ro..."
"A DELIGHTFULLY APPOINTED THREE STOREY FOUR BED MODERN TOWN HOUSE, situated within an exclusive private gated development & located in the highly regarded leafy suburb of Stoneygate. The property is well served for renowned public and private schooling, Leicester City Centre, Leicester University ..."
"A spectacular much improved and extended 5 bedroom detached family home situated in most sought after residential location close to The Hall County Primary school, excellent amenities, shops, major road links and open countryside. The property benefits from full gas central heating, UPVC double g..."
"An opportunity to acquire four flats with a double garage, located within this fantastic Victorian building in the heart of the popular suburb of West End, Leicester."
"Spencers is delighted to present this four bed detached family home, located in the charming and very desired area of Syston. This property not only benefits from having a completely private low maintenances garden but also a well sized front facing lounge and adjoining dinning space. In brief th..."
"Situated in a private gated estate this four bedroom three story modern town house is located in the desirable location of Stoneygate. The accommodation comprises of main entrance hall, kitchen and diner, ground floor, WC, landing to living room bedroom with ensuite shower, access to balcony, fur..."
"Oadby Estates are delighted to present to the market this well presented 5 Bedroom Semi Detached family home located on Glen Road, in Oadby, Leicester. In brief; the ground floor of the property consists of entrance hall, lounge, secondary reception, kitchen/diner, along with a ground floor show..."
A spacious Four-bedroom home located in the popular area of Leicester Forest East on a sought-after development with great commuter links and access to local amenities including the recently extended Fosse Shopping Park. This home has a modern open plan Kitchen Dining Room with box bay overloo...
"***OPEN TO OFFERS*** This four bedroom Link Detached property is located on the sought after UPPINGHAM ROAD and is offered to the market with NO CHAIN. Situated on a good sized plot, the property provides ample parking space to the front along with accommodation which spreads over three ..."
This stunning executive detached family home is situated within the sought after Thorpe Meadows development in Countesthorpe. Presented for sale in immaculate condition this wonderful property must be viewed internally to truly appreciate. Entering into the hallway you will be greeted with a tast...
MOTIVATED SELLERS | Four Double Bedrooms | 26ft Lounge | 17ft Kitchen | High Specification throughout | Master Ensuite | Large Rear Garden | Driveway & Garage | Planning for further extension | Must be seen
"Superb six bedroom semi-detached home on Valentine Road in Evington, Leicester. Accommodation is presented over three floors including two reception rooms, kitchen, six bedrooms and three bathrooms, as well as a garage and off-street parking. Valentine Road is located nearby amenities, schools an..."
"Designed with modern day family living in mind, the Bicton features an open plan kitchen/living/dining area to socialise."
Escape from the hub of your home the Master bedroom benefiting from a dressing area and designer ensuite.
"Kings are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached home in Oadby, Leicester.Call Kings on to arranage a viewing."
"The Scrivener has four bedrooms - one of which has an en suite - a well-equipped family bathroom, an open-plan kitchen, dining and family area, and a separate living room. "
"Four bedroom detached home features a large kitchen with family and breakfast areas and a glazed bay leading to the garden. There is a separate dining room, a study and spacious lounge, perfect for relaxing with the family. The first floor has four delightful double bedrooms, with an en suite to ..."
"Seths are pleased to market this Two Bedroom semi detached house, conveniently located in the Beaumont Leys area. The accommodation comprises of a lounge, kitchen, conservatory, two bedrooms and a bathroom. The property benefits from a garden to the rear, gas central heating and double glazed win..."
"Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to market For Sale this TRADITIONAL THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW situated on the desirable and popular Woodfield Road, Oadby LE2 being offered with the benefit of No Upward Chain.  Occupying a generous plot with potential to extend (STPP), the propert..."
"An impressive EXECUTIVE DETACHED four-bedroom family home located on the popular OADBY GRANGE DEVELOPMENT. Close to local schooling, transport links and Oadby town centre."
"EXCEPTIONAL EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED HOME 4/5 BEDS, 3 BATHS, INCREDIBLE OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINER, GYM, UTILITY, FINISHED TO AN EXCELLENT STANDARD THROUGHOUT - VIEWING A MUST!"
Situated on a GENEROUS PLOT is this IMPRESSIVE and SPACIOUS detached bungalow within a cul-de-sac position. Viewing is highly recommended.
"Are you looking for a large family home in LE5? Seen as a rare addition to the market is this four bedroom, semi-detached home, with an abundance of downstairs reception space and so much potential for further extension... This property needs to be viewed to be fully appreciated! Entering into a..."
"An attractive and EXTENDED traditional DETACHED home retaining SOME PERIOD FEATURES. Entrance hall, lounge dining room, L-shaped kitchen breakfast room, study. First floor with FOUR BEDROOMS, bathroom & shower room. Front and rear gardens, driveway, garage"
"This bay fronted property situated in a highly desirable location. The accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, two reception rooms and a kitchen/diner with five bedrooms, one with shower room and bathroom to the first floor. Outside there is ample off road parking with a large rear garden."
"A well appointed 1960's four bedroom detached house situated in the highly sought after suburb of Oadby, offered with No Upwards Chain"
"TAKE A LOOK AT THIS FANTASTICALLY SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME FOUND JUST OFF GYPSY LANE! On the ground floor are 2 large reception rooms to the front and a large kitchen diner at the back with ample cupboard space, an integrated oven and hob. Round off the downstairs accommodation is another room tha..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire this beautiful & deceptively spacious detached bungalow, accessed via a private, gated driveway & set on a generous plot with land to all four sides. An internal viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate all this home has to offer. On approach you will see a ..."
A deceptively spacious and very well presented detached property located in the ever popular Birstall which would make the perfect family home
"Extended 3 bedroom bungalow with scope for further extension & improvement. Set back from the road on a large, beautifully landscaped plot in an excellent village location with easy access to motorways, Railway stations, local schools & amenities."
"Four bedroom detached family home located on Forest House Lane in Leicester Forest East, offering two reception rooms, kitchen diner, four bedrooms and two bathrooms. The property is located nearby amenities, schools and road links the M1 and M69."
"An immaculately presented family home, located on the edge of Wigston with lovely countryside views to the front. Hall * Lounge * Study * Dining Kitchen * Utility * Cloakroom *Four Bedrooms * Master En-Suite * Bathroom * Garage * Rear Garden."
"Kings are pleased to offer for sale this stunning 5 bedroom detached home on Aldfield Green in the very sought after Hamilton, LE5 area. CALL KINGS NOW to arrange your viewing !!!"
Set back from the road is this attractive traditional detached bungalow offering VERSATILE living accommodation with some PERIOD FEATURES and occupying a GENEROUS SIZE PLOT with potential for extension or alteration if required.
A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME OCCUPYING A HUGE PLOT THAT HAS BEEN DECORATED IMPECCABLY! The opulent hallway provides access to the cosy sitting room illuminated by a large bay window to the front. On the opposite side is the large study which is a great space for those needing to work from home. To ...
"4 YEAR OLD BARRATT HOME. Set within a popular NEW HOMES development off the SOMERSET AVENUE, within close proximity to LOCAL SCHOOLS, shops, parks, the city centre and BEAUMONT LEYS shopping centre. This FAMILY HOME comes with a GREAT SIZE PLOT. Facing large open green to the front is an EXCEP..."
"Offered to the market with no onwards chain, is this truly individual three bedroom bungalow occupying a generous plot within the village of Whetstone. Having been substantially extended the Bungalow has accommodation arranged over the ground floor and comprises in brief; Spacious Entr..."
"We are delighted to introduce to the market this four bedroom detached home. This spacious property offers itself as an excellent family home, with an open plan kitchen diner with French doors to a well-kept garden ideal for entertaining family and friends."
"An executive and extended detached house located in the sought-after village of Kirby Muxloe offering local shops, schools, public houses, amenities, a golf course, and even a castle! Upon entry there in an entrance porch leading into the entrance hall with stairs off and access to the downsta..."
An exceptionally presented five bedroom extended semi detached house which has been refurbished internally to a high standard with the owner paying lots of attention to detail to the decor. This House must be viewed internally to fully appreciate the high specification an layout of th...
"Nest would like to welcome you to this beautiful, spacious family home, which has only had one owner since new, sits on a larger than average plot & is situated on a lovely cul de sac. Through the front door into the welcoming entrance hall there are stairs that rise up to the first floor & d..."
"SPACIOUS HEAVILY EXTENDED FAMILY HOME ! Sought after location, ample car standing, private rear garden. Three super Reception Rooms, Stunning contemporary extended Kitchen - really must be seen, Utility Room, four good Bedrooms, Bathroom and En-Suite. Garage with Utility Area. A superb opportunity !"
"A spacious two bedroom first floor apartment located on the corner of Fosse Road North and Glenfield Road. The property is offered to investment purchasers, with a tenant in situ on an assured shorthold tenancy agreement until 01/09/23 and is achieving a rental of £600pcm."
"This four bedroom detached bungalow has been extended by the current owners, creating a fantastic property that must be viewed to be appreciated. With extensive living accommodation there are numerous possibilities, making it a flexible home to suit many family needs !"
"A four bedroom detached property in the popular area of Hamilton. The accommodation comprises of a entrance hall, lounge, studio/office, kitchen/diner, utility and WC to the ground floor with four bedrooms, one with ensuite and a family bathroom. Outside there is off road parking and a rear garden."
This spacious four bedroom detached property is well presented throughout and would make an ideal family home. The property is ideally located for motorway links and benefits from a double garage. Call now to arrange your viewing on 
"DETACHED FAMILY HOME | 4 BEDS, BATHROOM | 2 LARGE RECEPTION ROOMS, REFITTED KITCHEN, CONSERVATORY | CLKS/WC, GARAGE, GARDENS - VIEWING RECOMMENDED"
"EXECUTIVE STYLE DETACHED HOME - Enjoy life in this perfect example of a modern family home, ideally located at the top of a desired Glenfield Cul-De-Sac. The property is offered to the market with no onward chain & ideal for a family in need of a bit more space."
"*YOU COULD SAVE UP TO £3,100 A YEAR ON YOUR ENERGY BILLS WITH A NEW MORRIS HOME* The standout appearance of The Cranleigh is matched only by its superb interior, with its thoughtfully designed OPEN PLAN dining area and luxurious family room including BI-FOLD, complete with 4 SPACIOUS BEDROOMS."
"In The Beamish, an open-plan kitchen and dining area and a separate lounge ensure there's plenty of space for everyone. The home also has the added benefit of an extra family room, which is ideal whether you want another area relax or space for the perfect home office.  Make the mo..."
"This perfect 4 bedroom detached home is located in the highly popular area in Glenfield, Leicester. Situated in a great location in close proximity to a range of amenities including nearby schools, supermarkets, leisure facilities, pubs and restaurants. The transport links for commuters are excel..."
"A SUPERBLY PRESENTED, EXECUTIVE DETACHED HOME with highly spacious and well appointed accommodation briefly comprising: Entrance hallway, Living room, Dining kitchen, Second reception room, W/C. First Floor: Four double bedrooms, En suite to the master and a Family bathroom. Outside: Enclosed rea..."
"The Aspen is a 4 Bed Detached House with double detached garage. Comprising of a large Kitchen Dining Family area at the back of the property, separate lounge, study and 4 large bedrooms to the first floor. Ensuite shower room to the master & a separate family bathroom. Qualit..."
"The Reedmaker has four bedrooms - one of which benefits from an en-suite shower room - a stylish family bathroom, an open-plan kitchen and dining area, and a separate living room. Completed by a Single Garage and off road parking."
"EXTENDED FAMILY HOME - Located on one of Groby's most desired cul-de-sacs can be found this extended, spacious five-bedroom detached property. Offered to the market with no onward chain, it has everything to suit modern family living."
"A large detached bungalow occupying a generous plot within this highly regarded and much sought after location between Queniborough and Syston. The property itself offers flexible and versatile accommodation which benefits from gas central heating and uPVC double glazing, off road parking and ga..."
"Proudly occupying a generous plot in the sought after South Leicestershire village of Whetstone stands this wonderful executive extended detached family home, set in a cul de sac location. Set over two floors and beautifully presented, nest advise an internal viewing is essential to truly appreci..."
"Kings are pleased to offer for sale this stunning 4 bedroom detached home on Carnaby Close in the very sought after Hamilton, LE5 area. CALL KINGS NOW to arrange your viewing !!!"
"An exquisitely presented four bedroom detached property build by David Wilson in 2019. With over 8 years NHBC guarantee left, this property is in prime condition for the next owners. Finished beautifully by its current proprietors, this home benefits from off road parking, a garage to..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a LARGE DETACHED individual property in a highly popular location. This property comprises; SIX BEDROOMS, LARGE LOUNGE, SITTING ROOM, LARGE KITCHEN DINER, MODERN DOWNSTAIRS SHOWER ROOM, Spacious Hallway, Porch, LARGE GARDEN, Bathroom, separate WC, GARAGE and Drivew..."
"This well-presented detached family home is located in a popular location with access to a wide range of amenities with restaurants, bars, shops, doctors and several local schools to cater to all ages are all on hand, There are also good road and public transport links. The accommodation c..."
"A spacious detached family home located on the popular Wigston Meadows Estate. This lovely property comprises; spacious lounge, dining room, breakfast kitchen, utility room, downstairs WC and hall way to the ground floor. To the first floor there is a huge master suite which has a large double ..."
A great opportunity to purchase this four bedroom detached property located in the popular residential area of Oadby. This property is complete with off road parking and a well-proportioned rear garden.
"Spacious EXTENDED, four-bedroom DETACHED family home in the popular residential suburb of EVINGTON. Close to popular schooling and local amenities."
"Leaders are proud to offer for sale this deceptively large five bedroom detached property located on Main Street in Humberstone. There is an abundance of local amenities nearby, schools and the property provides easy access to the city centre of Leicester. In brief, the beautifully presented prop..."
"DETACHED home with IMPRESSIVE open plan kitchen and dining/family area with flooring throughout. FRENCH DOORS open onto the west-facing garden. Spacious lounge, utility, HOME OFFICE, EN SUITE main bedroom, 3 further DOUBLE bedrooms & family bathroom. GARAGE & private driveway parking for 2 cars.
..."
"OPEN HOUSE - Saturday 8th April 14:00 - 15:00, contact us for details. William H Brown bring to the market via OPEN HOUSE ON SATURDAY, 8TH APRIL BETWEEN 2.00PM & 3.00PM, THIS FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE. FOR FURTHER INFORMATION, PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM ON "
"An incredibly rare visitor to the open market and available for the first time since 1956, an ideal renovation project in the form of a three bedroom detached house situated on an extensive plot in the heart of the Knighton suburb"
"A spectacular four/five bedroom extended semi-detached family property which has been modernised and presented to an incredible standard located in the highly regarded Leicestershire village of Kirby Muxloe. The property, which has undergone internal restoration and been redesigned to o..."
"Offering spacious and well proportioned accommodation throughout, this FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME has the potential to extend (STPP) and is located within a desirable and popular location on Vandyke Road, Oadby, Leicester LE2: Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this we..."
"Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this modernised and spacious THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW occupying a generous and private plot set along a cul-de-sac within the popular village of Thurnby, Leicester LE7. The property has a well proportioned feel with good ..."
Great Family Home
"Purplebricks are Extremely Proud to Present Bovinger Road, via Open House Extremely Well Presented Four Bedroom Detached Family Home Located on arguably one of Humberstone's most sought after Roads, this family home is sure to fulfil all of your memories and wishes. To the front, you will have..."
"A large detached home on the ever popular Colchester Road, LE5 with planning permission granted to extend further. Benefits include a large private garden, two receptions rooms, three good size bedrooms, BRAND NEW KITCHEN & secure driveway parking & garage. Close to hospitals & local amenities."
"A four bedroom semi-detached house in need of modernisation located on South Knighton Road. This property has been extended and offers a wealth of potential to create your ideal family home. Upon entering the property, you are greeted by a spacious hallway that leads to a lounge and open plan..."
"A beautifully presented and well appointed four bedroom semi detached family home located in a popular location to the east of the city. The property has been substantially extended and comprises of an entrance hall, well proportioned lounge/dining room, stylish breakfast kitchen with a range of ..."
"This EXCEPTIONAL property has an ABUNDANCE OF SPACE throughout, with a stunning rear reception room with light flooding in from the BEAUTIFUL GARDEN."
"Nestled within a sought after and quiet cul-de-sac location sits this beautifully presented three bedroom detached home, on a larger than average wrap around plot. This superb family home is set over two floors and comprises of; an entrance hallway, lounge, open plan kitchen diner with windows to..."
Property Description  This attractive four-bedroomed corner plot house is situated in a pleasant cul-de-sac in the highly sought-after area of Oadby. Offered for sale in good decorative order with gas central heating and Upvc double glazing. The house has recently been renovated. &nb...
"A four bedroom end terraced family home in a popular location. The property comprises of lounge, dining room, kitchen and cloakroom on the ground floor. To the first floor can be found four bedrooms, one with en-suite and a family bathroom. To the rear of the property is an easy to maintain yard."
A unique opportunity to purchase a FIVE BEDROOM residential property with a SHOP on the lower level.
"William. is delighted to offer this immaculately presented, four-bedroom, two-bathroom detached family home to market. Owned from new by the existing vendors, this fantastic family home is set on a private driveway located off Cork Lane, in the ever-popular suburb of Glen Parva. The prop..."
"Ideal for growing families, walk in and be surprised by this four/five bedroom detached home situated on the outskirts of Groby. The gas centrally heated accommodation includes an entrance porch and hall, ground floor wc, lounge, dining room, playroom/office, breakfast kitchen and utility. Upstai..."
"**NO CHAIN - Currently rented at £800pcm** Seths are proud to market this Three Bedroom mid terraced house, conveniently located in the Aylestone area. The accommodation comprises of a lounge, dining room, kitchen, two bedrooms with an extra dressing room / bedroom 3 and a bathroom. The ..."
"This four bedroom detached property is situated on the popular location of Elliot Close in Whetstone. The property has everything you need for a family home with potential for further extension (subject to planning) and a south facing garden. Call now to arrange your viewing,"
"A spacious detached house located in one of the most sought after villages, Kirby Muxloe, offering amenities, transport links, primary school and a Golf Course. This home overlooks countryside and a short distance to Kirby Muxloe Castle, rarely available on the open market. Upon..."
"An extended, four bedroom family home in need of some upgrading, located on this quiet road, just off Chapel Lane."
A fantastic FOUR-BEDROOM detached family home in a sought-after area of OADBY. Close to LAUNDE PRIMARY SCHOOL and MANOR HIGH SCHOOL. The property is for sale with NO UPWARDS CHAIN.
"A four bedroom detached property situated in Oadby, Leicestershire. This property is close by to well regarded local schools, and local amenities. The property itself is well presented and modern which will make it an ideal family home. Please contact us for more information!"
Close to sought after schooling is this STYLISHLY APPOINTED and EXTENDED semi-detached family home with a spacious rear garden and accommodation throughout.
"Occupying a family friendly cul de sac position, fall in love with this enlarged five bedroom bay fronted semi-detached house situated in the ever-so popular Tudor Drive positioned conveniently within catchment for Launde Primary School. Significantly extended, the gas centrally heated layout inc..."
"Located on Averil Road, off Colchester Road, LE5 this extended bay fronted 5/6 bedroom semi-detached house is the former home of the famous Jon Lord a Musician/composer from the band known as Deep Purple. This immaculately presented property with flexible living accommodation comprises: Entrance ..."
"***LARGE MODERN 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME*** This delightful 4-bedroom home is located in the highly desirable, quiet village of Ratby, Leicestershire, offering an abundance of character. The area provides a good range of close local amenities including several pubs,..."
A stylishly appointed THREE-BEDROOM DETACHED family home with solar panels (4KW) INCORPORATING A BUILDING PLOT WITH PLANNING CONSENT FOR A TWO-BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW AND A DOUBLE GARAGE.
"THIS GARDEN MUST BE SEEN TO BE BELIEVED! Extremely well presented and unassuming on approach, this forever home is bound to wow anyone who's lucky enough to step into this phenomenal family home. Masterfully designed and constructed from the ground up, this amazing home simply must be seen in p..."
"Set within a quiet cul de sac in the ever-popular town of Syston. This well presented, executive detached family home is a must view for potential buyers. The accommodation briefly consists of, entrance hall, a spacious lounge, dining room, breakfast kitchen, wc and a utility to the ground floor...."
"MODERN & SPACIOUS
This LOVED and well maintained FOUR bedroom TRADITIONAL BAY FRONTED SEMI- detached FAMILY HOME, set in the Desirable location of HUMBERSTONE, close to BUS ROUTES, LOCAL primary and secondary schools, shops PLUS the GENERAL HOSPITAL making this the perfect home to BUY with lots o..."
"This stunning detached bungalow is situated in a very popular location. The accomodation comprises of an entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen/breakfast room, conservatory, three bedrooms and family bathroom to the ground floor, to the first floor a further bedroom. Outside there is ample space."
"For Sale by Public Auction on 26/04/2023; Description:
A large well presented 4 storey palisaded villa with cellar totalling approximately 2,282 sqft. The property has been converted to a HMO and has 10 bedrooms, 3 bathrooms/shower rooms, gas central heating, double glazing and fire alarm..."
"Having undergone a recent programme of refurbishment, this wonderful example of a four/five bedroom semi-detached house is available to the market, situated on arguably Wigstons most coveted road. Thoughtfully finished to the highest of specifications whilst maintaining its original ch..."
"FOUR-DOUBLE BEDROOMS - A contemporary, spacious four-bedroom detached home, ideally located in this quiet pocket of Anstey via a private road. The property has four double bedrooms, two of which have en-suite shower rooms. It also enjoys a high spec interior on show throughout."
"HMO SIX SHARE STUDENT LET ACCOMODATION 2022/23 | A SUBSTANTIAL THREE STOREY PROPERTY Superbly situated in the popular WEST END city suburb of Leicester being well served for De Montfort University, Railway Station, the city centre & the popular Braunstone Gate with an array of everyday local amen..."
"A spacious, four bedroom, period semi-detached property located on this prime residential street, in need of modernisation and thought suitable for renovation and extension (subject to the necessary planning consent)."
"For sale on 27 April 2023 The National Property Auction will be broadcast live on our website and open to remote bidding online, on the phone and by proxy. Registration for bidding will close at 5pm the day before the auction. The auction will commence at 10:00."
"Having undergone an extensive renovation programme in recent years, this spacious home is perfectly designed with both family life and entertaining in mind"
"*** BUY TO LET BUYERS ONLY *** We are pleased to present to the market, with no onwards chain, a nicely presented and spacious HMO seven bedroom (the seventh bedroom located on the ground floor, formally was a reception room), Victorian style villa which is currently tenanted and has a..."
"Step inside and take a look at this stunning, four bedroom semi-detached home that is full of character, period features, well proportioned rooms, landscaped gardens and is only a stones throw from Western Park"
"Well presented 6 bed semi-detached family home located in Leicester. *Offers in Excess of £450,000 - £475,000* Consisting of: Open plan kitchen / dining room Spacious living room with sliding doors leading out into rear garden Second reception ..."
A truly stunning four/five bedroom 1930's semi detached house which has been meticulously modernised to accommodate modern day living with the added benefit of an annexe currently configured as a home gym
"Flooring and landscaped rear garden included. The 4 bedroom Bolsover features an open-plan kitchen, dining and family room with integrated appliances, plus separate utility room with plumbing for washing machine and dryer. This home has a master suite with dressing area and a designer ensuite wit..."
"Boasting a full width extension to the rear, fall in love with this much improved four bedroom detached property offering an exciting and rare opportunity for those in search of a family home in Syston which enjoys a desirable position. Boasting gas central heating, the well proportioned accommod..."
Kings are pleased to offer for sale a lovely presented extended 5 bedroom semi detached home on Hartfield Road in the very sought after LE5 area. CALL KINGS NOW TO ARRANGE YOUR VIEWING !!!
"Kings are delighted to offer for sale this excellent four bedroom detached family home on Monterey Court in the very sought after Humberstone, Leicester. Call Kings to arrange a viewing !!!"
"Occupying a generous plot, this detached home offers flexible living with the potential (STPP) to develop further. An entrance porch allows for coat and shoe storage and leads into the open and welcoming entrance hall. To the left there is the essential ground floor cloaks with low level..."
"OPEN-PLAN DREAM - Step inside this stunning, high-spec, open-plan four-bedroom detached home, ideally located on the popular Bradgate Heights development. The current owners have opened up the downstairs to provide the dream open-plan living space. The house is perfect for a family with four bedr..."
"Offering spacious and well proportioned accommodation this SIX BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME WITH SELF CONTAINED ANNEX is an ideal extended family property set within a popular and well established residential area close to Oadby Town Centre, Leicester LE2: Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to o..."
A generous FOUR-BEDROOM DETACHED corner plot property situated in a highly SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION in Oadby. Viewing of the property is essential.
"A well appointed 4 bedroom, 2 bathroom, 3 reception room detached family home in sought after cul-de-sac location close to excellent local amenities and major transport links. The property, built in 1987 has been considerably improved by the current owners providing spacious extended family-sized..."
"A SUBSTANTIAL FIVE BEDROOM, FIVE EN-SUITE LICENCED HMO OFFERING ACCOMMODATION OVER THREE FLOORS WITH AN APPROXIMATE GROSS RENTAL INCOME OF £39,000 PER ANNUM. The property, which is currently licensed for up to ten occupants but would equally make a sensational period family dwelling, ha..."
"Having been occupied by the same owners since 1982, fall in love with this four bedroom detached property offering an exciting and rare opportunity for those in search of a family home in Syston which enjoys a desirable cul de sac position. Boasting gas central heating, the accommodation includes..."
"Key Worker scheme - towards your deposit (up to £21,000) OR sell your home with our Part Exchange scheme | Impressive OPEN PLAN kitchen with FRENCH DOORS to the west-facing garden, spacious lounge, FLOORING INCLUDED, handy UTILITY ROOM, 4 double bedrooms, including EN SUITE main bedroom and famil..."
"DETACHED home with OPEN PLAN KITCHEN and 2 sets of FRENCH DOORS onto the south-facing garden. Spacious lounge with flooring throughout. SEPARATE dining room, EN SUITE main bedroom, 2 further DOUBLE bedrooms, single bedroom or HOME OFFICE & family bathroom. GARAGE &private driveway parking for 2 c..."
"Deceptively spacious and prestigiously placed! Look at the virtual tour! Situated by the local open green space and park, this three bedroom detached bungalow has been generously extended and is presented in fantastic condition. You will walk in to discover three bedrooms of..."
"Oadby Estates are delighted to bring this sought after Four Bedroom Detached family home to the sale market on the desired cul-de-sac of Quinton Rise, Oadby. In brief; The ground floor of the property consists of Welcoming Hallway, Extensive Family Lounge, Dining Room, Office, Kitchen/Diner, Grou..."
A fine example of a four bedroom Victorian terraced home bursting with character and nestled just a minute's walk from the bustling Queens Road. Exten...
"Positioned on a wide corner plot this very well presented detached bungalow which is conveniently situated on Uppingham Road, Evington benefits from having Upvc double glazing & a gas fired central heating system with combination boiler. The accommodation comprises of Porch, entrance hallway, lou..."
"An IMMACULATLEY presented FOUR bedroom family home, not only comes with a MASTER BEDROOM and en-suite, THREE reception rooms and a BEAUTIFUL enclosed PRIVATE garden It also has a downstairs wc, OFF ROAD PARKING and garage, plus SPACIOUS bedrooms and a BESPOKE kitchen.... A must view to appreciat..."
"5 Bed Detached Home | Lounge, Conservatory | Open Plan Dining Kitchen | Clks/WC | 2 En Suites, Family Bathroom | Cul-De-Sac Position"
"NO CHAIN! A SUPERBLY PRESENTED AND DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS detached family home on the ever popular Pastures development in Narborough. The property has been maintained to an EXCELLENT STANDARD and has accommodation briefly comprising: Entrance hallway, Living room, Dining kitchen, Utility, Conserva..."
"Impressive OPEN PLAN kitchen with FRENCH DOORS to the west-facing garden, spacious lounge, handy UTILITY ROOM, 4 double bedrooms, including EN SUITE main bedroom and family bathroom. Integral garage and parking for 2 cars.
Plot 101 | The Hale | Wigston Meadows
Wigston Meadows is just a 5-minute d..."
Extend your living into the garden through the glass-walled bay from the kitchen/dining/living area.
"£10,000 DEPOSIT BOOST offer * Appliances included * Open space to front aspect * Private road * En suite & wardrobes to master bedroom * Remarkable open plan kitchen/dining/family *"
"Superb three bedroom semi-detached home on Chorley Wood Road in Evington, Leicester. Offering two reception rooms, kitchen, conservatory, three bedrooms and a bathroom, the property has potential to be the perfect family home. Chorley Wood Road is located close to amenities, schools and road links."
"Looking for a home you can just place your furniture in and start living? Then this is the one! EweMove are thrilled to bring to market an opportunity to acquire a fantastic Freehold 4 bedroom detached home with open plan kitchen diner, ensuite, downstairs w/c, garden, garage & driveway."
"Beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home situated in the heart of the sought after residential development of Bradgate Heights offering easy access to all local amenities and Glenfield Hospital. This lovely home benefits from a recently fitted kitchen, family bathroom and en-sui..."
"Located in the sought after area of Humberstone with easy access to Leicester City, this Redrow home has three years remaining on the builders NHBC and is offered to the market with no upward chain. Upon entry there is an entrance hall with stairs off and access to the downstairs WC, Living Ro..."
A very well presented four bedroom detached family property occupying a central cul-de-sac position within the convenient and desirable village of Kirby Muxloe. Located on a quiet cul-de-sac within close proximity of the village centre lies this stunning family detached with accommodatio...
FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED home with OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING FAMILY area and a SEPARATE LOUNGE and an EN-SUITE MASTER BEDROOM.
"This is a beautifully presented, and recently enhanced four bedroom link detached house set within one of Birstall's most desirable roads. This stylish home boasts a superb open plan kitchen diner with family living space, complemented by a cosy lounge, ground floor WC, appealing family bathroom,..."
"Boasting a 30ft integral garage, walk in and be surprised by this four bedroomed detached home ideal for growing families being within walking distance to local schooling as well as being within close proximity to Thurmaston Shopping Centre. The gas centrally heated layout includes an entrance po..."
"A stunning three bedroom, detached bungalow. Situated in Stoneygate, Leicester. This highly sought after area is one and a half miles from the city centre, even closer to the train station, close to local schools and shops. Call us now to book a viewing!"
"Offered to the market within the ever popular village of Littlethorpe, this traditional four bedroom detached house benefits from its set back position and recently fitted kitchen. Accommodation is arranged over two floors and comprises in brief; Entrance hall, with access to downstair..."
"An impeccably presented, three bedroom detached property sitting in an elevated position within this exclusive development, within walking distance of Anstey village centre and just a short drive from the heart of Bradgate Park."
"*** £450,000 - £425,000 guide price *** *** £450,000 - £425,000 guide price *** This spacious four bedroom end of terrace house is located within a popular area and has been carefully converted from two properties in to one large family home. The owne..."
"William H Brown are delighted to present for sale this well-presented link-detached family home, complete with four spacious bedrooms. The property located in the desirable area of Oadby, Leicester offers closeness to local amenities and highly regarded schools. Call us now to arrange a viewing!"
"Oadby Estates are proud to present to the sales market this 3 Bedroom Semi Detached property on Evington Drive, Evington. The property consists of an Entrance Hall, Lounge/Diner, Kitchen. On the first floor the property has 3 Bedrooms and Family Bathroom. The property also benefits from double gl..."
"Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this modern and spacious FOUR BEDROOM AND TWO BATHROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME situated on a popular development within the Hamilton area of Leicester LE5. The property is within walking distance of local schools, shops and amenities with excel..."
"Are you looking for a family home in a fantastic suburban location? Set in a quiet cul de sac location in the popular town of Syston this immaculately presented, executive detached family home is a must view for potential buyers! Downstairs accommodation consists of, entrance hall, a large, spac..."
"A spacious detached property presented as an ideal family home. The property is situated just off of Ashton Green Road and comprises: A lounge, dining room, conservatory, kitchen, wc, upstairs is four bedrooms and a bathroom. Outside is a generous rear garden, driveway and garage !"
"An attractive period end terrace retaining some ORIGINAL FEATURES and providing versatile well proportioned accommodation to include FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS and THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, with further scope for extension to the rear, subject to relevant planning permissions."
"*** POPULAR LOCATION *** End terraced house situated in this popular area of Belgrave. Briefly the accommodation comprises of a lounge/diner, kitchen, four bedrooms and a downstairs shower room and an upstairs bathroom. The property benefits from a garage, gas fired central heating, doub..."
"STUNNING RENOVATED HOME ! Sought-after residential Village, great access and amenities. Full of high-quality features and fittings. Hall, Snug/Play Room, Utility Room, Cloaks/WC, Office, Kitchen/Living Area, Landing, four good Bedrooms, En-Suite and Family Bathroom. Ample car standing, gardens."
"Stunning newly-renovated four bedroom detached home on Buckfast Close in Evington, Leicester. Accommodation offers a living room, kitchen with dining space, four bedrooms and a bathroom, as well as a utility, garage, off-street parking and rear garden. Buckfast Close is located nearby amenities, ..."
DETACHED FAMILY HOME | 0.25 ACRE (995 SQM) PLOT | 3 BEDROOMS | THROUGH LOUNGE | SUN LOUNGE | BATHROOM & SHOWROOM | VIEWING A MUST
"A truly stunning five bedroom, three storey, semi-detached house nestled at the bottom of a quiet cu-de-sac situated in the highly sought after suburb of Evington, offered with No Upwards Chain"
"Great Family Space On Offer! - With a view to die for! Don't miss out with this fantastic sized four bed detached home over three floors which has versatile living comprising, entrance hall, dining room, fitted kitchen diner, utility, down stairs wc, study, first floor landing you will find a ..."
"Kings are delighted to offer for sale this superb two/three bedroom mid-terraced property on Constance Road in North Evington, Leicester. CALL KINGS NOW to arrange your viewing !!!"
A wonderfully presented semi detached house retaining many original features but with modern creature comforts. Within the highly regarded Stoneygate area offering ease of access to the Leicester city centre and nearby Oadby facilities together with the motorway network with the ring road running...
Spacious six bedroom three storey detached property within walking distance of Anstey village centre. With field views to the front and offered with no onward chain an early viewing is highly recommended to appreciate this great family home. 
"Nest are thrilled to offer this beautiful, family home for sale which the added benefit non upward chain. Upon entering the home, the hallway has a light and airy feel. This provides access into the reception rooms, kitchen and also downstairs W/C. The spacious lounge/dining r..."
"Tucked away in a cul de sac overlooking open green space on the sought after David Wilson area in Leicester Forest East. Locally benefiting from primary schools, shops, amenities, countryside walks and easy access to major road networks and Leicester city centre. Upon entry..."
*TWO PROPERTIES* BM Estates are very pleased to offer this superb semi-commercial property situated in the Fosse area of Leicester. The property would make an ideal investment opportunity with high demand for ground floor commercial use and first floor to be converted into flats STPP (Subject ...
"Perfect for growing families, walk in and be surprised by this four bedroom detached home having been occupied by the same family since 1987 and is available with no upward chain. The gas centrally heated layout includes an entrance hall, ground floor wc, lounge, formal dining room, conservatory ..."
"Situated on a highly sought after road within Wigston Magna is this immaculately presented and extended detached family home. The home offers modern and contemporary living space within a traditional style property. This spacious family home is conveniently located for local shopping, schools an..."
"This substantial and Imposing four bedroom detached family home is offered in superb decorative condition with the property only being four years old. Occupying a generous plot, the accommodation itself is spacious and versatile especially as the property has a refitted kitchen/diner with plenty ..."
"Occupying a large plot & positioned perfectly at the top of a private cul-de-sac, you will find a spacious four bedroom, detached family home, enjoying a deceptive and beautifully presented interior."
"Guide Price £425,000 - £450,000 Prepare to be wowed by this 1800's Victorian detached family home, bosting with a beautiful extension from the current owners, original features & character, this home is hidden away down a shared driveaway & occupies a generous plot, nest recommend an internal vie..."
"**NO CHAIN - Extended Detached Bungalow - Substantial Plot - Three Bedrooms - Spacious Lounge - Kitchen/Diner - Refitted Shower Room - Sought After Spot** Here is a RARE opportunity to purchase a detached bungalow, with excellent existing accommodation, but also offering genuine scope and potent..."
"Situated at the top of a Cul de sac is this beautifully presented detached family home. The home offers a more then ample living space within a traditional style property. This family home is conveniently located for local shopping, schools and amenities with excellent road links to the city, Fo..."
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY. The front of the property has a driveway with a garden to the rear complete with fully functioning outbuilding. Inside you will find a lounge, kitchen/diner, second reception room & utility room . Upstairs you have three bedrooms and a family bathroom."
"A four bedroomed semi-detached property requiring modernisation with outline planning consent for development of the rear garden, to provide a single detached dwelling. Located on this ever popular road and enjoying views over the fields to the front elevation, as well as easy access to both Cou..."
"Located on a popular development in Hamilton, this deceptively spacious four bedroom detached property built by Bellway in 2018 offers just under 1,400sqft of accommodation. The ground floor benefits from two reception rooms, a large entertaining kitchen and separate Utility/ WC . To the first..."
"Positioned on a substantial plot of approximately 0.18 acres on a quiet cul-de-sac, a spacious three bedroom detached bungalow offering tremendous scope for remodelling or further extension (subject to the necessary planning consents)."
This EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY has an abundance of space throughout. The living kitchen dining area is stunning with the light from the BI-FOLD DOORS streaming down onto the island breakfast bar.
A charming three bedroom detached bungalow on the highly sought after Avenue Road on the Stoneygate/Clarendon Park border. Spacious living accommodati...
This semi-detached property is well presented throughout and situated on the sought after location of Leicester Road in Glen Parva. Viewing is highly recommended to appreciate the property to arrange a viewing please call 
Beautifully presented detached and extended family home located at the head of a quiet cul-de-sac close to Leicester General Hospital. 
"Totally transformed and completely renovated, from a dated house to a fabulous contemporary abode, this refurbished detached property is perfect for growing families being within walking distance to local schooling and must be viewed in person to be truly appreciated. Extended across the rear and..."
"Fair-Way Properties are pleased to present a 3 bedroom detached dormer bungalow located on the sought-after Gates Estate in Birstall. Downstairs the property briefly comprises of a porch, hall, living room, dining room, sun room, kitchen, utility room, WC, shower room and integral garage. There a..."
Are you looking for a property with character that you can make your own mark on? This gorgeous four bedroom semi detached home could be the one!
"Executive modern four bedroom detached family home situated in heart of this popular residential development offering easy access to all local amenities. The gas centrally heated and double glazed accommodation briefly comprises to the ground floor entrance hall, lounge, study, cloakroom/utili..."
"Offered to the market with no upward chain is this upper ground floor apartment located at Hendon Grange, which is an over 55's retirement complex. The accommodation comprises of: Entrance hallway, lounge/diner, fitted kitchen, two bedrooms and bathroom. In 2021 the current occupier had new carpe..."
"A spacious and modern four double bedroom link-detached family home. Located on the popular Hallam Fields Estate in Birstall, this property has everything a family needs spanning across its two-story living accommodation"
"This delightful Victorian mid-terrace property, just offered to the market, is located in the popular area of Knighton in Leicester and is a spacious four bedroom family home with the immaculate accommodation arranged over three floors."
"Excellent four bedroom detached home on Treetops Close in Humberstone, Leicester. Accommodation offers two reception rooms, kitchen, utility, four bedrooms and two bathrooms, as well as off-street parking, single garage and front & rear gardens. Treetops Close is located nearby amenities, schools..."
"JUST RELEASED. .Plot 156, The Wigston - An open plan kitchen with dining area & spacious lounge to the ground floor. Large master bedroom with en suite, a single bedroom and family bathroom. A large private terrace is accessible from the first floor landing and provides plenty of space for entert..."
"JUST RELEASED. .Plot 166, The Wigston - An open plan kitchen with dining area & spacious lounge to the ground floor. Large master bedroom with en suite, a single bedroom and family bathroom. A large private terrace is accessible from the first floor landing and provides plenty of space for entert..."
"£6,000 MORTGAGE CONTRIBUTION. END TERRACE. WATERSIDE VIEWS. .Plot 95 - END-TERRACE - The Melton is the perfect home for everyone, from first time buyers to families. The ground floor features a spacious kitchen and dining room with breakfast bar; great for keeping an eye on the children while you..."
Three bedroom semi detached property located on a spacious corner plot in the highly desirable neighbourhood of Rushey Mead. This property has a lot of potential and is offered with no onward chain. Garage plus off road parking. Full video tour available. Contact us to arrange a viewing.
"A very well presented four-bedroom detached family home which occupies a quiet cul-de-sac position within the popular village of Thurnby. This sensational home, which is around six years old, offers contemporary living and enjoys a pleasant position benefiting from open views to the sid..."
Great location tucked at the head of a small drive off Burnham Drive this four bedroom detached property with double garage would make the perfect family home. The property offers great potential and an early viewing is highly recommended to appreciate.
"SAVE OVER £25,000 including £16,000 deposit BOOST OR sell your home with our Part Exchange scheme| Impressive UPGRADED OPEN PLAN kitchen with FRENCH DOORS to the south-facing garden, FLOORING INCLUDED spacious lounge, handy UTILITY ROOM, 4 double bedrooms, including EN SUITE main bedroom and an U..."
"FIVE / SIX BEDROOMS, THREE BATHROOMS AND OPEN VIEWS! A highly spacious detached modern home situated in the ever popular village of Narborough. The well appointed and flexible accommodation is arranged over three floors and briefly comprises: Entrance hallway, Living room, Dining kitchen, Utility..."
"*YOU COULD SAVE UP TO £3,100 A YEAR ON YOUR ENERGY BILLS WITH A NEW MORRIS HOME* Beautiful OPEN PLAN kitchen with FRENCH DOORS leading onto the GARDEN, UTILITY ROOM leading through to downstairs WC and integral SINGLE GARAGE. EN SUITE to master bedroom with fitted wardrobes. "
"A superbly presented and extended detached house located in one of the most sought after villages, Kirby Muxloe, offering spacious accommodation with a good sized non overlooked mature garden. Further development potential could be explored subject to the relevant permissions. Upon entry to th..."
"Your Move are thrilled to bring to the market this 4 bedroom detached property ideally located in the popular village of Kirby Muxloe! This property has a spacious downstairs accommodation, off street parking as well as a garage. Upstairs there are 4 good sized bedrooms, and a family bathroom. Th..."
"Family homes like this do not come to the market often. This sizeable three bedroom family property occupies a desired cul de sac location in Birstall. The generous extended living space is spread over two levels and offers flexible living space to the ground floor, complemented by three double b..."
"WATERSIDE VIEWS. MID TERRACE. .Plot 98 - MID-TERRACE - The Melton is the perfect home for everyone, from first time buyers to families. The ground floor features a spacious kitchen and dining room with breakfast bar; great for keeping an eye on the children while you cook. On the opposite side of..."
"A four bedroomed detached family home conveniently situated close to Abbey Lane. The property benefits from gas fired central heating and UPVC double glazing and comprises, entrance hall way, cloaks / w.c, dining kitchen and sitting room. First floor landing, master bedroom with en-suite shower r..."
"Situated in the sought after New Lubbesthorpe area with easy access to main road networks including M1/M69, local amenities and local schools this home has 7 years remaining on the builders NHBC. Upon entry there's an entrance hall with stairs off, personnel door to the gara..."
This immaculate four bedroom detached property is situated in a cul-de-sac location and would make an ideal family home. In the catchment area of Glenhills primary school the property offers everything you need for family living and viewing is highly recommended. Call to view.
"Occupying a tucked away cul de sac position on the fringes of Thurmaston, walk in and be surprised by this four bedroomed detached bungalow perfect for families. Benefiting from gas central heating, the layout includes an entrance hall, lounge with feature bay window, inner hallway, open plan L-s..."
"Affitto proudly present to the market this stunning FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE with GARAGE situated in a highly-desired area of Hamilton, Leicester. "
"WATERSIDE VIEWS. MID TERARCE. .Plot 99 - MID-TERRACE - The Melton is the perfect home for everyone, from first time buyers to families. The ground floor features a spacious kitchen and dining room with breakfast bar; great for keeping an eye on the children while you cook. On the opposite side of..."
"This is an impressive and tastefully extended, four bedroom semi detached house set within the heart of the village of Birstall. This generous home has undergone a significant upgrade and extension and now boasts a fantastic kitchen diner with family living space, separate lounge diner, utility r..."
"A three bedroom traditional detached family home occupying a sizeable plot and being advertised with NO UPWARDS SALES CHAIN located in the esteemed village of Kirby Muxloe. Occupying a good sized plot, this detached home has great potential for further expansion and extension to the sid..."
Get on to the property style in this modern two bedroom home within the sought after area of Hamilton. Ideal for either first time buyers or investors the property is sold with no onwards chain
"This is a beautifully presented, three bedroom, detached bungalow set within the 'Gates' area of Birstall. This fully refurbished and tastefully extended property boasts a highly appealing open plan kitchen diner, generous lounge diner and three double bedrooms. The property also boasts an immacu..."
"A traditional 1930's bay front much extended 4 bedroom semi-detached family home in prime non-estate location close to excellent amenities, shops, schools and major road links. The property benefits from full gas central heating (5yr old boiler), double glazing, splendid kitchen and bathrooms. Th..."
"Well-presented four bedroom detached family house with SOUTH-FACING gardens set in a quiet cul-de-sac location. The property has excellent access to the A45/M1 motorway network, Leicester city centre and the beautiful Charnwood Forest. 
"
"SAVE OVER £9,000 on upgrades! DETACHED home with SPACIOUS lounge, modern UPGRADED kitchen. FLOORING INCLUDED. SEPARATE dining room with FRENCH DOORS onto the SOUTH-EAST facing garden, three EN SUITE bedrooms, a further DOUBLE bedroom, 2 single bedrooms and a dedicated HOME OFFICE. DETACHED GARAGE..."
"SAVE OVER £9,000 on upgrades | DETACHED home with SPACIOUS lounge, modern UPGRADED kitchen. FLOORING INCLUDED. SEPARATE dining room with FRENCH DOORS onto the SOUTH-EAST facing garden, three EN SUITE bedrooms, a further DOUBLE bedroom, 2 single bedrooms and a dedicated HOME OFFICE. SINGLE GARAGE ..."
"SAVE OVER £17,000 including £8,499 Stamp Duty paid. DETACHED home with SPACIOUS lounge, modern UPGRADED kitchen. FLOORING INCLUDED, SEPARATE dining room with FRENCH DOORS onto the SOUTH-EAST facing garden, three EN SUITE bedrooms, a further DOUBLE bedroom, 2 single bedrooms and a dedicated HOME O..."
"SAVE OVER £24,000, including £15,000 moving cost contribution | DETACHED home with SPACIOUS lounge, modern UPGRADED kitchen. FLOORING INCLUDED. SEPARATE dining room with FRENCH DOORS onto the SOUTH-WEST facing garden, three EN SUITE bedrooms, a further DOUBLE bedroom, 2 single bedrooms and a dedi..."
"READY TO MOVE INTO | £28,129 worth of savings including £19,000 moving cost contribution | DETACHED home with SPACIOUS lounge, UPGRADED modern kitchen and UPGRADED flooring package. SEPARATE dining room with FRENCH DOORS onto the SOUTH-WEST facing garden, three EN SUITE bedrooms, a further DOUBLE..."
Plot 179 * 12 months ENERGY BILLS contribution * Desirable corner position * Spacious bedrooms * En suite & fitted wardrobes to master bedroom * Open plan kitchen / dining *
"A beautifully presented detached family home with spacious and flexible accommodation arranged over two floors. The property has been updated and maintained to an excellent standard by the current vendors and has accommodation briefly comprising: Entrance porch, Hallway, Living room, Dining room ..."
"Featuring a MODERN kitchen, a dining room with FRENCH doors onto the SOUTH-facing garden and a SPACIOUS lounge. There are FOUR double bedrooms, including THREE with EN SUITE, two single bedrooms and a dedicated HOME OFFICE. Single garage and 2 parking spaces.
Plot 104 | The Fircroft | Wigston Mea..."
Hunters are delighted to offer to market this amazing extended family home that offers contemporary living space set over two floors and presented in immaculate condition throughout. This stunning home is set within a traditional style home but has been modernised to an exceptional standard by th...
An attractive Grade II Listed cottage located in the heart of the ever popular Syston which retains an abundance of charm and character throughout
"A spacious period terraced house within close proximity to the city centre and Victoria park on a popular residential area. The property was formerly part of a residential care home, but retained many original features. It is now in need of modernisation and would make a fabulous family home."
"Representing a rare and exciting opportunity, this three/four bedroom detached bungalow is situated in a popular residential location within walking distance to local schooling and demands an internal inspection to be fully appreciated. This flexible gas centrally heated bungalow features an entr..."
"An absolutely immaculate bungalow located on Hortons Close in Glen Parva. This modern bungalow is offered for sale with no upward sale chain. With a quality feel throughout this bungalow comprises; THREE bedrooms, a modern breakfast kitchen, stunning four piece bathroom, spacious hallway, lou..."
"This 4 bed property comprises of lounge dining, room, two En-suites, family bathroom, kitchen, W.C, off road parking and courtyard style garden. Perfect family home close to local amenities."
"UNIQUE THATCHED COTTAGE - Enjoy life in this beautiful Grade II listed three-bedroom thatched cottage which is immaculately presented throughout. Located in the large village of Groby in the county of Leicestershire, the property offers easy access to local amenities including shops and schools, ..."
"We are delighted to bring to the market this beautiful six bedroom extended semi-detached home in the popular and sought after location of Oadby, Leicester."
"Seths are pleased to offer this stunning FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE, situated in the Thurcaston area, the property is situated closely to local schools and amenities. The accommodation comprises of : entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, cloakroom, utility room, downstairs w/c, four bedrooms wit..."
"EXTENDED DETACHED BUNGALOW | NO UPWARD CHAIN | 3 BEDS, 1 BATH | 2 RECEPTION RMS | KITCHEN | GARDENS, GARAGE - VIEWING RECOMMENDED"
"A beautifully presented five bedroom, three storey traditional residence having been extensively upgraded and modernised retaining many original character features lying at the centre of Syston village. With double glazing and gas central heating the property comprises entrance hall, cellar conv..."
"Hortons are pleased to present for sale, this stunning four-bedroom link detached property, located in the popular area of Groby"
This exceptional property with abundant space throughout has a beautiful wrap-around landscaped rear garden and THREE good-sized bedrooms. Viewing is HIGHLY recommended.
"EXTENDED, DETACHED BUNGALOW | 3 Bedrooms | GFCH & DG | Desirable Location| SPACIOUS LOUNGE/DINER | Tandem Garage | LARGE CONSERVATORY | NO UPWARD CHAIN - VIEWING A MUST ! - Call Agent to View"
"A five bedroom, semi-detached home. Situated in Oadby, Leicestershire. This property had been recently renovated and is an absolute must see! contact us for more information!"
"Occupying a corner position with open views to the front, fall in love with this four bedroom executive detached home enjoying the use of a driveway and garage. Situated on the popular Taylor Wimpey Liberty Gardens development on the outskirts of Syston, the double glazed and gas centrally heated..."
"William H Brown are delight to present for sale this stunning, newly renovated semi-detached family home with four spacious bedrooms, modern and contemporary living spaces and multi-use annex in the garden, located in the popular location of Wigston, Leicester. Call us now to arrange a viewing!!!"
"Don't miss out on this one! With a large living area, spacious dining room, separate kitchen, utility area, and a downstairs shower room, there is plenty of space on offer downstairs. The property has so much potential and has ample storage space throughout. Upstairs you'll find 3 good sized do..."
"Well proportioned detached family home occupying a prestigious position along the main road. The accommodation comprises porch, entrance hall, lounge, extended dining room, kitchen, three bedrooms, shower room, rear garden, ample off road parking and detached garage. This is a must see property!"
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring this unique and quirky four bedroom detached bungalow with a separate annexe to the market! This beautiful dorma bungalow has many benefits, including a separate annexe which was completed last summer, a big conservatory, large private garden leading on to an ..."
"Signature Homes of Midlands are delighted to be marketing this completely renovated and extended three bedroom semi-detached property in the popular location of Evington, close to a number of local schools and amenities as well as great transport links to Leicester City Centre. Call us now to view!"
"NO UPWARD CHAIN
We give you this THREE DOUBE bedroom, SPACIOUS LOUNGE plus a KITCHN/DINER, four piece FAMILY bathroom, downstairs wc and a large GARDEN, with a driveway for THREE cars FAMILY HOME. The CURRENT owners have PLANNING PERMISSION granted since AUGUST 2020 to transform this BEAUTIFUL h..."
"The accommodation is set over three floors offering spacious accommodation. Comprising of entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen/diner, lounge and conservatory, five bedrooms, ensuite to the master, family bathroom, shower room, off road parking and garage."
"A BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME FINISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD THROUGHOUT! After entering via the spacious porch, a light and airy hallway provides access to all of the downstairs accomodation. A large lounge greets you on the left illuminated by a large bay window and leads you towards the back of the p..."
"Modern Detached Family Home | Four DOUBLE Bedrooms | Two En-Suite, Plus Family Bathroom | Gas Central Heating, Boiler Fitted 2020 | Re-Fitted Bathrooms | Two Reception Rooms | Integral Garage | No Chain"
GetAnOffer are offering this ATTRACTIVELY PRICED PROPERTY from a MOTIVATED seller to buyers that are in a position to purchase relatively quickly. This property has been PRICED to ENCOURAGE a QUICK SALE. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property for sale: Spacious Detached House Located...
"Being Sold by YOPA Online Auction. Starting Bids from £400,000. Buy it now option available Please call or visit YOPA Online Auctions for more information"
A fabulous and stylish extended three bedroom semi detached house which must be viewed internally to fully appreciate the presentation and nice standard of the decor. The property is ready to move into and would a great family home to live in. Externally to the rear garden you are trea...
A great opportunity to purchase this beautifully renovated 3 bed semi-detached family home. The property offers spacious and is well presented throughout and also has scope for extension (subject to planning). Parking is provided off road and a garage at the rear. Early viewing recommended.
Beautifully presented character detached three bedroom cottage situated in the heart of the highly popular Evington village which offers a excellent selection of local facilities. The property has been maintained and improved with great care and attention by the present owners to provide an ex...
Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this well presented and extended FOUR BEDROOM AND TWO BATHROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME situated within the popular Oadby area of Leicester LE2.  The property is close to many well regarded schools with shops and amenities in close pro...
"So much space! A fantastically sized 6 bedroom character property on a fantastic road! With no less than 6 bedrooms, this property is one of the biggest of its type that you will find in the area. With fantastic curb appeal and a brilliant driveway with room for multiple car..."
"FAMILY HOME IN OADBY!? QUICK BOOK A VIEWING!!! This four-bedroom, detached family home is available but not for long! Well-presented rear garden complete with patio and BBQ area and well sized and naturally lit lounge diner are perfect for entertaining and for cosy nights in! Located a very sho..."
"Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this SPACIOUS AND EXTENDED THREE/FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME set within a quiet cul-de-sac on the Grange Development, Oadby, Leicester LE2.  The property is ideal for growing families being close to well regarded schools along wit..."
"This immaculately presented FOUR bedroom DETACHED property is located on the Oadby Grange Estate and has TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, fitted kitchen, garage and off-road Parking."
An immaculately presented three bedroom detached house positioned at the very bottom of a quiet cul-de-sac situated in the popular suburb of Oadby
"***SIX BEDROOM VILLA LOCATED WITHIN THE HIGHLY POPULAR WESTCOTES AREA OF LEICESTER OFFERED TO MARKET FOR A GUIDE PRICE OF £400,000***"
This beautifully presented two bedroom terrace is fresh on the market!
"Occupying a good size plot, this property benefits from having a kitchen, utility, dining room, conservatory, cloakroom, four bedrooms one with ensuite and family bathroom. Outside to the rear is a good size garden and to the front a drive leading to single garage."
"A beautifully positioned detached four bedroom family home located on the edge of this desirable village. Set back from the road and enjoying a broad frontage with open countryside views to the front, the property is offered with no upward chain and lends itself to further enhancement, personalis..."
"INCENTIVES WORTH £29,000 INCLUDED* - DON'T MISS OUT! | OPTIONAL 4TH BEDROOM | This Ingleby features an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN-DINER with FRENCH DOORS to your garden and a GOOD-SIZED LOUNGE. Upstairs, there are TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS with the main bedroom featuring its own EN SUITE and a SINGLE BEDROOM. T..."
"READY TO MOVE INTO & TOP SCEPCIFICATION - SAVE OVER £31,000 including £12,000 deposit BOOST | DETACHED home with SPACIOUS lounge, UPGRADED PEARL modern kitchen.2 FLOORING INCLUDED. SEPARATE dining room with FRENCH DOORS onto the SOUTH-WEST facing garden, three EN SUITE bedrooms with wardrobes in ..."
"Featuring a MODERN kitchen, a dining room with FRENCH doors onto the SOUTH-facing garden and a SPACIOUS lounge. There are FOUR double bedrooms, including THREE with EN SUITE, two single bedrooms and a dedicated HOME OFFICE. Single garage and 2 parking spaces.
Plot 105 | The Fircroft | Wigston Mea..."
Situated on a GENEROUS SIZE PLOT is this CHARMING PERIOD semi-detached family home close to Blaby Town Centre and Fosse Retail Park. Enjoying a good size rear garden and THREE BEDROOMS.
"We are delighted to offer for sale this attractive 1930s extended semi-detached property set in a thriving residential village, which is highly sought-after by families, on the outskirts of Leicester. Offering wonderfully spacious accommodation and retaining a number of traditional features, incl..."
"Charming Character 4 Bedroom Art Deco Bespoke Design home known as the Sunhouse, with features throughout & landing with circular window and balcony, circular garden room to the rear, garage, 2 reception rooms, kitchen, Utility, Western Park Area"
"Detached bungalow in EVINGTON, Leicester, LE5. Located on Ethel Road & close to all amenities, places of worship & a ten minute drive into Leicester town centre. Three bedrooms, kitchen/diner, lounge, large driveway, garage & scope to EXTEND into loft or to rear. FULL D/G, GCH & PRIVATE rear garden!"
"Situated in the popular suburb of North Evington is this heavily extended family home. In close proximity to a range of local shops, amenities and Leicester General Hospital. Benefitting from its own self-contained downstairs bedroom, complete with an en-suite, storage, seperate hand basin and it..."
** EXTENDED FAMILY HOME ** Situated in the highly desired town location of Wigston on a generous plot is this well presented 4 bedroom detached family home. Boasting from generously sized rooms throughout. This property is sure to be the envy of guests due to the sociable flow to the ground floor...
"Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this traditional THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME located within the pleasant and desirable village of Stoughton, Leicestershire LE2.  The property offers many character features with spacious and well proportioned space througho..."
Superb three bedroom modern detached bungalow in sought after location. Offering spacious accommodation and presented to a high standard an internal viewing is considered essential to appreciate the style and layout of this lovely home.
"HOLE IN ONE FAMILY HOME IN STONEYGATE? Calling all golfers! Stunning three bedroom family home, found in the heart of Stoneygate, arguably one of Leicester's more sought after locations, this home would be perfect for any family! Deceptively spacious complete with a generous front office/play r..."
"This EXTENDED FOUR DOUBLE bedroom detached JELSON BUILD set in the popular GATES ESTATE of Birstall which comes with a BEAUTIFUL mature rear GARDEN with plenty of POTENTIAL, GARAGE & CARPORT , off road parking plus SPACIOUS LOUNGE and dining room, KITCHEN and not forgetting the BATHROOM this IS ..."
"A THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW. Offering driveway to the front of the property and large garden with outbuilding to the rear. Inside you will find a lounge, dining room, kitchen, conservatory, three double bedrooms, one with en-suite and family wet room"
"NO CHAIN - Situated on the highly regarded 'Poets' development in Narborough, this deceptively spacious property has flexible and very well appointed accommodation arranged over two floors briefly comprising: Large entrance hallway, Living room, Modern dining kitchen, Two ground floor bedrooms, a..."
"Four bedroomed extended semi-detached property located in Birstall, having a driveway and a good size rear garden with lawn, patio area, greenhouse and concrete shed."
"This is a very well presented and extended, four bedroom detached house in Birstall. This deceptively spacious property on the 'Gates' development offers generous living space throughout and has been carefully designed to consider an array of living styles. In brief the ground floor..."
Occupying a spacious and prominent frontage this EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH ANNEXE offers nicely presented and well proportioned accommodation throughout being situated within a quiet and established residential area being in easy reach of Evington Village: Newton Fallowell ...
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring this spacious, three bedroom semi-detached family home to the market! WITH NO CHAIN! Situated between Highfields and Evington, this is a perfect location being local to all amenities, places of worship, city centre, train station and excellent transport links...."
"Spencers is delighted to present this three bed detached Bungalow, located in the charming and desired area of Thurmaston. This property benefits from not one but two, four season conservatories. In brief the property comprises of three double bedrooms, one of which is en-suite, a mobility consc..."
"Making an ideal family home as well as being immaculately presented with this extended and improved five bedroom detached house within a prime position in this highly favourable village. The property is close to primary and secondary schools and briefly benefits from an Entrance Hall, Living/Dini..."
"Amongst wonderful COUNTRYSIDE SURROUNDS just 15 minutes' drive from Leicester City Centre, The Daphne boasts THREE FLOORS of living space, an OPEN-PLAN kitchen / dining / living area with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden. "
"With No Upward chain, Spencers are delighted to offer this brilliant three-bedroom end terrace property, perfect for a first time buyer, investor or a family home. This home is in a prime location with schools, amenities, leisure centre and parks within walking distance. The property in brief com..."
"OVERLOOKING GREEN OPEN SPACE | OPEN-PLAN kitchen with dining area, DUAL ASPECT lounge, 4 DOUBLE bedrooms including EN SUITE main bedroom, family bathroom & top floor shower room.  Garage and parking for 2 cars. Plot 38 | The Hesketh | City Heights City Heights is in a fantastic location, just 1..."
"Located on the New Lubbesthorpe development with easy access to the countryside, Fosse Shopping Park, schools, local amenities & major road networks including M1/M69. This home has 4 years remaining NHBC and is immaculately presented with lovely views over open green space. Upon ..."
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, this excellent example of a four bedroom detached home is situated within the Stoneygate/Evington border and occupies a commanding position within the street. The street features a number of different housing types, and this property is one of the larg..."
"Hunters are delighted to offer to market this stunning example of a modern detached bungalow, which offers contemporary living space throughout for years to come. This superb detached home comprises of an entrance hallway with cupboard housing the central heating boiler and underfloor heating sys..."
"An extended 5 bedroomed , 3 bathroom, 3 storey family detached house. Gas central heating, PVCu double glazed, tandem carport, 2 reception rooms, self contained annex, 3 car driveway and enclosed rear garden. Ideally located close to all local amenities and accessible from commutin..."
Located on a corner plot with views over green space and countryside walks on your doorstep this immaculate four double bedroom detached home is offered for sale with approximately 9 years remaining on the builders NHBC warranty. Upon entry there is an entrance hall with upgraded polished...
"Hunters are delighted to offer to market this executive style detached family home, that is nestled within a sought after cul-de-sac within the very popular Thorpe Astley residential development. This well presented home comprises of a porch, an entrance hallway with cloakroom, a spacious liv..."
"This very well presented, four bedroom detached family home is located in the sought after village of Glenfield, being well served for an array of everyday local amenities, renowned schooling, with easy access to the city centre, Fosse Park, Meridian and the M1/M69 Motorway networks and Bradgate ..."
"Occupying a highly desirable cul de sac position in the ever popular village of Kirby Muxloe, fall in love with this individual detached bungalow having been occupied by the same family for over 50 years. Having a larger than normal lawned garden with fruit trees to the rear as well as boasting a..."
"Nest are delighted to offer for sale this exceptional four bedroom detached home. Entering the property, there is a good sized porch with composite front door. Into the welcoming entrance hall the stairs rise to the first floor and there is the ground floor WC, fitted with low level WC and w..."
Situated within a quiet cul-de-sac offering privacy and space this FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME provides nicely presented and well proportioned accommodation throughout being ideal for those looking to upsize within the popular Hamilton area of Leicester LE5: Newton Fallowell Oadby are pl...
"SOUTHERLY-FACING GARDEN | DETACHED HOME WITH GARAGE | Downstairs you'll find your LOUNGE that is perfect for ENTERTAINING, a downstairs W.C and the heart of the home, the OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with FAMILY and DINING areas. There's also a handy utility room cupboard. Upstairs there are TWO DOUBLE BEDR..."
"Significantly extended, walk in and be surprised by this three/four bedroomed semi detached family home perfect for growing families in search of more space. Boasting an upgraded central heating boiler, the layout includes an entrance porch and hall, lounge, further reception space ideal for use ..."
"Kings are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom home in Oadby, Leicester. Call Kings on to arranage a viewing."
A spacious THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM home of the HIGHEST STANDARD with FULL LENGTH LOUNGE and OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING AREA. Also boasts a large EN-SUITE to the master bedroom.
"Located just 15 minutes' drive from Leicester City Centre. The Orchid is a three-bedroom home with lots to offer, including an OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area, separate lounge with BAY WINDOW and private EN-SUITE to bedroom 1. "
"*** EXCELLENT CONDITION - MUST SEE - EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED *** A rare opportunity to purchase this wonderfully presented extended semi detached property situated in the popular Birstall area. The accommodation comprises, entrance porch, entrance hall, LOUNGE, STUDY ROOM / OFFICE ROOM , ..."
"Being sold with no onwards chain, this four bedroom detached house has undergone a significant programme of renovations throughout, and now offers modern living throughout. Accommodation is arranged over two floors and comprises in brief; Spacious entrance hall, the ground floor offers..."
A particularly attractive three bedroom detached bungalow situated on a quiet cul-de-sac in the heart of Oadby offering immense potential for reconfiguration and extension with the added benefit of No Upwards Chain
Newton Fallowell Oadby are delighted to offer For Sale this superbly presented and fully modernised TRADITIONAL THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME occupying a large prominent corner plot within the desirable Knighton area of Leicester LE2.  The property is well situated for highly regarded ...
"A semi detached property located to the south of the city of Leicester with internal accommodation briefly comprising; open plan lounge, dining room, kitchen, study & a bathroom on the ground floor. Upstairs are four bedrooms and a shower room. Externally there is a rear garden & garage"
"Situated off the popular Glenfield Road and conveniently positioned for easy access into the City Centre, fall in love with this characterful three bedroom detached home situated within walking distance to local schooling, ideal for growing families. Boasting incredible potential for further exte..."
"Fair-Way Properties are pleased to present this extended 4 bedroom semi-detached house located on the sought-after Gates Estate in Birstall. Downstairs the property briefly comprises of a porch, hall, 2 interlinked reception rooms, and a kitchen. Upstairs there are 3 double bedrooms, 1 large sing..."
Located in the highly popular area of Clarendon Park in Leicester and just offered to the market is this ideal investment opportunity. The spacious mid-terrace property is currently fully occupied as student accommodation with scope to increase the current rental income. The property is arranged ...
"SOUTH-EAST-FACING GARDEN | Downstairs you'll find your LOUNGE that is perfect for ENTERTAINING, a downstairs W.C and the heart of the home, the OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with FAMILY and DINING areas. There's also a handy utility room cupboard. Upstairs there are TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and two single bedroom..."
"Four bedroom detached home features a contemporary open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors leading to the garden. Spacious lounge, perfect for the family to relax in. Main bedroom with en suite, a further double bedroom, two airy single bedrooms and a modern family-sized bathroom to share. Sing..."
"A well-presented two double bedroom detached bungalow located in the highly sought-after village of Kirby Muxloe. The property, which has a car port and garage, has well-appointed accommodation comprising in brief of; porch, a spacious entrance hall, an extended lounge diner, breakfast ..."
This stunning and substantially extended four bedroom detached family home occupies an attractive plot within a sought after Cul-de-Sac position. The accommodation has been significantly improved by the current owners including a superb refitted kitchen that sits open plan to a fabulous conservat...
"Just offered to the market is this deceptively spacious, double fronted three-bedroom house situated in the highly sought-after residential area of Clarendon Park on the outskirts of Leicester City Centre. Currently a house of multiple occupancy and an ideal investment opportunity with scope to i..."
"Fantastic Four! A brilliant four bedroom detached property with so much going for it. Comprising a spacious porch and hall, WC, lounge, dining room, kitchen, conservatory and garage to the ground floor. Upstairs - four fantastically proportioned bedrooms with an en suite to ..."
"Here we have a charming and spacious 5 bedroom semi-detached property located in the highly sought-after area of Oadby, Leicester, Leicestershire. The exterior of the property offers a small garden with shrubs and plants and a driveway for one car.  The property is set ove..."
"Benefiting from 3 double bedrooms, The Ford floods with natural light via French doors into the kitchen diner, perfect for socialising."
"From the impressive wood cladding that enhances the roofline to the decorative door cornice that adds elegance to the entrance, The Warwick has an authentic aura that underlines the sense of quality and craftsmanship that is evident throughout. Yet practicality will also be at the hear..."
"*£300 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS YOUR MONTHLY MORTGAGE PAYMENTS FOR 12 MONTHS ON PLOT 48* The Knutsford is a fantastic family home complemented by fine architecture and a modern and spacious interior with an OPEN PLAN kitchen/diner, handy UTILITY, SPACIOUS LOUNGE, 3 BEDROOMS, complete with SINGLE GARAGE "
Four Bedroom Extended Detached | Current Gas & Electric Certificates | Countryside Views | Large lounge/dining room | Re-Fitted Kitchen | Driveway & Garage | No Chain | Viewing Essential
"A spacious, FOUR BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM Victorian villa located close to the city centre, thought suitable for a LARGE FAMILY or an INVESTOR BUYER and offered with NO UPWARD CHAIN."
"Aston & Co are delighted to offer to the market this immaculately presented detached home set in the ever popular town of Syston. The accommodation briefly consists of, entrance hall, wc, a refitted kitchen-diner and a spacious lounge to the ground floor. To the first floor is a master bedroom wi..."
"A spacious detached family home situated close to local amenities. The accommodation includes a separate dining area, kitchen with separate utility room, three bedrooms upstairs with a bathroom and separate toilet. Garage and off road parking."
Immaculately presented five bedroom detached family home nestled at the top of a cul de sac offering extended and spacious accommodation throughout. Viewing is essential to appreciate this lovely home. 
"The accommodation comprises of a lounge, dining room, kitchen and W.C to the ground floor. First floor comprises of three double bedrooms and family bathroom. Second floor: one double bedrooms and bathroom. To the outside features low maintenance courtyard style garden and on street parking."
"This exquisite extended four bedroom semi detached home is presented to an immaculate standard throughout and pleasantly situated within the highly desirable location Off Oadby Road, Wigston. The accommodation comprises entrance porch, main entrance hall, spacious living room, conservatory, styli..."
"Situated in this highly sought-after position in Evington can be found this well presented and EXTENDED, semi detached house. This property is sure to tick many of the right boxes for anyone looking for their next family home including, a modern and extended kitchen diner with a range of integrat..."
"A deceptively spacious four bedroom terrace property situated in a sought-after location within easy reach of excellent local amenities including shops, schools and places of Worship. The property also benefits from two reception rooms, kitchen, four bedrooms and ensuite and family bathroom."
This four bedroom detached property is situated in the sought after location of Whetstone and would make an ideal family home. The property still benefits from its NHBC warranty and viewing is highly recommended to appreciate the living accommodation on offer.
"This three bedroom detached property in Leicester Forest East is something not be missed! Offered to the market chain free, and freshly decorated, the property comes with a generous plot including a garage and plenty of off-road parking! In brief, the property benefits from a large, modern, fami..."
"**NO CHAIN - EXCELLENT CONDITION** Seths are delighted to bring to market this well presented 3 Bedroom Mid Terraced House located in the popular area of HAMILTON. Situated closely to many local amenities, this would make an ideal first time buy or investment. Viewings by appt only"
"SUBSTANTIAL HOME Most spacious & versatile three-storey, five bedroom home in popular location. Potential investment opportunity. Reception Room/Office, Hall, Sitting Room, fitted Kitchen, Bathroom, over two further floors - five bedrooms and two Shower Rooms. Rear garden. Gas Central Heating."
"A lovely MODERN and WELL PRESENTED semi-detached family home in OADBY. Offering spacious living accommodation over three floors to include FOUR BEDROOM, MODERN KITCHEN DINER, OFF-ROAD PARKING and a delightful REAR GARDEN. This is a property not to miss out on!"
"Situated just a short distance from the Oadby parade, this ATTRACTIVE THREE STOREY period terrace has WELL PROPORTIONED accommodation including five bedrooms, principal en-suite and three reception rooms. Outside enjoys a lovely low maintenance generous size rear garden."
"PERFECT FAMILY HOME - The perfect example of a modern family home comes in the shape of this spacious, much-loved four-bedroom detached home, ideally located on Glenfield's desired Barley Close. The family bathroom certainly provides the wow factor with an ample driveway providing off-road parking."
"A spacious FOUR BEDROOM family home set within a CUL-DE-SAC location, close to local amenities."
"A THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY. Offering off street parking to the front of the property and garden to the rear. Inside you will find an open plan lounge, kitchen, cloakroom and conservatory downstairs. Upstairs you have three bedrooms and a family bathroom."
A recently REFURBISHED detached three-bedroom extended BUNGALOW in the popular residential suburb of OADBY.
"A beautifully presented, double fronted family home located in a popular residential area. The property has generous living accommodation and is in show home condition. Internal viewing is recommended to appreciate the quality of the accommodation on offer"
"Four bedroom detached family home in a popular location comprising of lounge, dining room/study, kitchen, utility room & cloakroom downstairs with four bedrooms, two with en-suite & a bathroom upstairs. The property further benefits from a garage, off road parking & rear garden. No Upper Chain"
"Available with NO UPWARD CHAIN, this ATTRACTIVE traditional detached bungalow would benefit from some improvements yet provides SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION with ample scope for alteration, sub, to relevant building regulations."
This exceptional CHARACTER property is situated in the Westcotes area within walking distance of local amenities.
"DOUBLE GARAGE - Enjoy the space on offer within this spacious four-bedroom semi-detached home, enjoying an impressive plot size & a perfect location on Groby's desired Markfield Road."
Kings are proud to present this 3/4 bed semi detached house on the very popular Kitchener Road. Please call Kings today to arrange your viewing on .
"GUIDE PRICE: £375,000 TO £400,000 | A DELIGHTFULLY APPOINTED FOUR BED DETACHED PROPERTY Superbly situated within a quiet cul-de-sac location off Carisbrooke Road in the sought after city suburb of South Knighton, being well served for renowned local schooling, Leicester City Centre, the Universit..."
William H Brown proudly presents this immaculately presented three bedroom detached dormer bungalow situated in a sought after location in Oadby leicestershire.
"The Solway is an impressive 3-bedroom home with plenty of living space spread across three perfectly laid-out floors. On the ground floor youâ��ll find a spacious lounge and a separate open-plan kitchen and dining area with French doors providing attractive views of the garden. In summer, you ..."
"Within short distance to the village centre, being within this highly regarded part of Groby in a Cul De Sac comes offered for sale this very well presented two bedroom detached bungalow. Benefiting internally from an Entrance Porch, Entrance Hall, Living/Dining Room, Conservatory, Kitchen/Breakf..."
"Kings are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom detached bungalow on Lyncroft Leys, Scraptoft. Call Kings to arrange a viewing now!!!"
"A spacious property offered with no chain in Aylestone, a suburb of Leicester with great walking routes and access to the city centre. The accommodation comprises of an open plan kitchen/living/dining area, downstairs cloakroom and conservatory with four bedrooms and a washroom upstairs."
Situated on an EXTENSIVE PLOT this DETACHED BUNGALOW is situated in a cul-de-sac location.
"This three story property offers an open kitchen, WC & garage on the ground floor with a garden to the rear. On the first floor you will find a lounge, bedroom & shower room, To the second floor is a bathroom & two further bedrooms, with the master bedroom having an en-suite and balcony."
"Superb three bedroom semi-detached home on Gough Road in North Evington, Leicester. Accommodation offers two reception rooms, kitchen, three bedrooms and two bathrooms, making for the perfect family home. Gough Road is located nearby amenities, schools and road links."
"An extended and versatile five bedroom semi-detached family property located in the Westcotes area of the city being sold with NO UPWARDS SALES CHAIN. This deceptive property, which offers tremendous potential, has been extended to both the side and the rear providing generous family li..."
This charming two double bedroom semi-detached bungalow occupies a plot in close proximity and within easy walking distance to Wigston Magna and its wide range of shops and amenities. The accommodation itself has been very well maintained and includes a spacious living room with French...
"Belvoir are proud to present to the market this four bedroom detached home on Hemlock Close with no chain. The end of cul-de-sac property benefits from a spacious driveway and a double garage as well as a private rear garden. It has been recently renovated throughout with new flooring, fresh p..."
"*Offers in Excess of £375,000 - £400,000* A wonderful 4 bedroom bungalow in Leicester. Comprised of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Bright and spacious living room with space for dining Well-appointed modern kitchen with wall and base units <..."
BM Estates are very pleased to offer this lovely four-bedroom semi-detached property in the high-demand area of Syston. Located on a quiet cul-de-sac this four-bedroomed semi-detached home is being offered to the market in an immaculate condition throughout and would make the perfect family home....
"Offered with No Upward Chain, this spacious and well proportioned FIVE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY is an ideal first time buy or extended family home being located along the popular Ash Tree Road, Oadby, Leicester LE2: Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this well located p..."
"Kick off those muddy boots, dry off the dog and unwind in your dream family home. A luxurious 4 bed, 3 storey detached home in the most desirable spot in Anstey. Bags of character and charm sit alongside all of the modern amenities a busy family needs."
"Immaculately presented three bedroom penthouse apartment situated in the Cultural Quarter in Leicester City Centre. It is ideally located within walking distance of The Highcross with an array of shopping and leisure facilities, the Curve Theatre as well as great transport links with bus and t..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000 *** GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000 *** A beautifully presented three bedroom detached house which has been redecorated to a high specification and is ready to move into. The deceptively spacious accommodation in br..."
"FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME with an easy to maintain garden. Once inside, the main hallway leads to the lounge, kitchen & cloakroom. To the first floor you will have three bedrooms and a family bathroom with the main bedroom and en-suite on the top floor. VERY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION"
"A spacious four bedroom, semi-detached family home. Situated in a very sought after area in Leicester which is located conveniently nearby to religious centres, highly regarded schools and amenities. Please contact us for more information!"
"Occupying a larger than normal plot, walk in and be surprised by this four bedroom detached home perfect for growing families in search of more space. Benefiting from gas central heating, oak doors, CCTV and double glazing throughout, the well proportioned layout includes an entrance hall, lounge..."
Great detached bungalow just arrived to the market!
" Welcome to your dream home! This stunning 3 bedroom detached property has been fantastically looked after by its current owners and is situated in a highly popular location just off Anstey Lane. The perfect family home, it boasts a utility room and downstairs WC, as well as an extended and well..."
"A generously sized, three bedroom detached bungalow in a sought-after, quiet location in Oadby, Leicestershire. This property is exclusively marketed by William H Brown and would make for an ideal retirement home or investment!"
"This four bedroom detached property is situated in the sought after location of Whetstone and would make an ideal family home. The property has a kitchen/diner, utility and downstairs cloakroom and still benefits from its NHBC warranty. Viewing is highly recommended."
"EXTENDED DETACHED BUNGALOW | 3 BEDROOMS | CUL-DE-SAC POSITION | SPACIOUS AND WELL PRESENTED | 2 SHOWER ROOMS | GARAGE, GARDENS | VIEWING RECOMMENDED"
"Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this well presented and nicely proportioned FOUR BEDROOM MID TOWNHOUSE located along the desirable Gorse Lane being within easy reach of Oadby Town Centre, Leicester LE2. The property has a light and spacious feel being an ideal first time b..."
"Excellent four bedroom detached home on Hemlock Close in Narborough, Leicester. The property is newly-renovated, offering a living room, dining room, kitchen, four bedrooms and a bathroom, as well as front & rear garden, off-street parking and a double garage. Hemlock Close is located nearby amen..."
"Oadby Estates are pleased to offer this well presented and light property situated in a popular area of Oadby, on the very sought-after Gorse Lane. The popular location is one of the most sought-after roads in the area as it is within close walking distance to many local amenities and falls withi..."
"A spacious dormer bungalow located in the popular residential area of Thurmaston. Comprising of a entrance hall, WC, open plan living/kitchen/diner, four bedrooms and a family bathroom. Outside there is off road parking to the front and a private rear garden."
Situated on a LARGE PLOT is this BEAUTIFUL detached bungalow located in a HIGHLY DESIRABLE location. Benefitting from TWO BEDROOMS and an attractive landscaped rear garden.
"Occupying a tucked away position along a private driveway off the popular Barkby Road, this four bedroomed detached bungalow is offered to the market with no upward chain and enjoys the use of a driveway and single garage. Benefiting from gas central heating, the accommodation is in need of moder..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000 New to the market this three bedroom detached bungalow situated on a corner plot and is offered with no upward chain. The property is located in the highly regarded and sought after village of Kirby Muxloe. This well-appointed accommodation internally ..."
"This spacious extended detached family home is situated in the established Rushey Mead district of Leicester. The area provides a wide range of close local amenities and leisure facilities, there is also reputable schooling and a regularly serviced bus route leading into Leicester City ..."
"Available with NO UPWARD CHAIN, this detached property provides well-proportioned accommodation with fabulous scope for an extension to the side or rear (subject to planning)."
"INCENTIVES WORTH £24,300 INCLUDED - DON'T MISS OUT* | This Hadley features an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN-DINER with FRENCH DOORS to your garden, a GOOD-SIZED lounge and a UTILITY ROOM. Upstairs, there are TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS with the main bedroom featuring its own EN SUITE and a SINGLE BEDROOM that could ..."
A spacious FIVE BEDROOM extended SEMI-DETACHED property in the popular residential suburb of OADBY - close to local schooling and amenities. NO UPWARDS CHAIN.
"CHARACTERFUL FAMILY HOME - Enjoy life in this extended, characterful yet modern detached home, located on Ratby's highly desired Church Lane. Arguably the main feature is the size of the three bedrooms on offer, all ample double rooms and one enjoys a cracking en-suite shower room."
"A well presented and deceptively spacious two / three bedroom detached bungalow which has accommodation comprising porch, hall, spacious lounge diner, conservatory, kitchen, two double bedrooms, dining room / bedroom three, bathroom and separate WC. Outside the house benefits from ample off road ..."
"*** BUY TO LET BUYERS ONLY *** We welcome for sale with no chain, this freehold terraced property is being sold as one title deed and contains three flats made up of 2, two bedroom flats which are both fully occupied until July 2024 and 1, one bedroom flat which is occupied until July ..."
"The Spinner, is a 3-bedroom home that extends across three floors and features an open-plan kitchen, living and dining area, two en suite shower rooms and a stylish family bathroom. Completed by a Single Garage and off road parking."
"OPEN-PLAN kitchen with FRENCH DOORS to the garden.  En suite main bedroom and 2 further double bedrooms. Offering flexibility - turn bedroom 4 into a HOME OFFICE. Single garage & driveway parking.
Plot 155 | The Haversham | Wigston Meadows
Wigston Meadows is just a 5-minute drive from Wigston tow..."
This fantastic EXTENDED three-bedroom DETACHED BUNGALOW is in a sought-after part of OADBY. Close to local amenities and BUS LINKS.
"Superb four bedroom semi-detached home on Uppingham Road in Leicester. Offering two reception rooms, kitchen, utility, four bedrooms and a bathroom, the property is the ideal family home and is located nearby amenities, schools and road links."
"Well-presented 4 bedroom detached house located in Thorpe Astley, Braunstone. Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hall Bright and spacious living room Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Utility room for essential appliances Large dining room<..."
*NO CHAIN* A beautiful five bedroom detached property recently refurbished to a modern style in the sought after village of Blaby. The property has been fully re-decorated including new kitchen and bathroom fitted and new flooring throughout. The accommodat...
Beautifully presented detached family home conveniently located close to motorway access and Beaumont Shopping Centre. 
"Occupying a generous plot and sold with No Upward Chain, this TRADITIONAL THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME has been extended to offer spacious living accommodation ideal for a first time buyer or growing family within the popular Evington Village area of Leicester LE5: Newton Fallowell Oadby a..."
"Hunters are delighted to offer to market this well presented detached home on the sought after little hill estate in Wigston with close by local shops, schools and amenities. This beautiful detached home comprises of an entrance porch, a hallway, an open plan living area with double doors leading..."
"DETACHED HOME with UTILITY ROOM | Downstairs you'll find your bright DUAL-ASPECT LOUNGE your OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with family area with French doors out to the garden and a handy utility room. Upstairs there are TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, with the main bedroom benefitting from its own EN SUITE, there's a ..."
"Designed with modern day living in mind, the Blaby features an open plan kitchen/living/dining area to socialise."
"SIX BEDROOM THREE STORY DOUBLE BAY FRONTED TERRACED, which is currently been rented out. This is a must see property and an IDEAL INVESTMENT to anyone in looking to extend their rental portfolio. Offering six bedrooms, two bathrooms and a kitchen, there is also NO UPPER CHAIN"
"Enjoying the use of a driveway, garage and an electric vehicle charger, fall in love with this Barratt's constructed executive four double bedroomed link-detached family home still under the NHBC warranty and boasts efficient and contemporary living accommodation across three floors. Featuring co..."
"Seths are delighted to market this EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE situated closely to local schools and amenities. This property would make an ideal family home, in brief the ground floor comprises of an entrance hallway, THROUGH LOUNGE / DINER, kitchen, utility room, DOWNSTAIRS SHOWER..."
Overlooking open countryside this stunning four double-bedroom home has been upgraded and is offered with many additional extras! Upon entry there is a hall leading to the beautiful open plan Living Kitchen Diner with upgraded Gold package Kitchen and double doors leading to the recently ...
Plot 198 * Prominent CORNER position * Located next to vast OPEN GREEN space * Three spacious DOUBLE bedrooms with EN SUITE to master bedroom * Garage with private driveway parking for 2 cars * Excellent location for Leicester city commuters *
"A brilliant four bedroomed detached house located on The Pastures in Narborough. Well presented throughout this spacious property comprises; lounge, breakfast kitchen, garden room, downstairs WC, utility room, four bedrooms, family bathroom, en-suite to master, integrated garage, driveway and r..."
"Situated within a quiet cul de sac on the ever popular Pastures development in Narborough, this very well presented detached family home has accommodation briefly comprising: Entrance hallway, Living room, Dining room, Conservatory, Refitted kitchen, Utility, Ground floor w/c, First Floor: Four b..."
"A spacious detached family home situated off Uppingham Road, with accommodation including three bedrooms, lounge/dining room, kitchen, WC downstarirs and family bathroom with seperate WC. Garage, off road parking and rear garden."
Situated within the heart of Enderby stands this traditional terrace home. Requiring renovations this great property is an ideal investment buy and even brings to first time buyers the affordable step on the ladder they are looking for. The downstairs accommodation comprises of two separate recep...
"PERFECT FAMILY HOME - Enjoy life in this spacious, secluded four-double bedroom detached home, enjoying an end plot location on Groby's desired Percival Way. The house enjoys a host of benefits, with two en-suites, three reception rooms, and four double bedrooms, it really was designed with the f..."
"A spacious detached family home laid out over three floors, with accommodation including four bedrooms, three bathrooms, lounge, conservatory, kitchen/diner utility room and downstairs cloakroom. Garage, off road parking and an enclosed rear garden."
"Stunning detached home with garage and parking located in modern development in Barkbythorpe. The well presented home comprises in brief, lounge, kitchen/diner, downstairs WC, three bedrooms with en-suite to master and separate three piece family bathroom. Viewing is imperative to appreciate the ..."
"Modern Delights! - This beautifully presented family detached home situated in sought after location has well appointed accommodation comprising, entrance hall, down stairs wc, lounge, fitted dining kitchen, utility, first floor landing, four good sized bedrooms, master benefits from en-suite ..."
"MODERN FAMILY HOME
A well-presented MODERN, EXTENDED FAMILY home set in the popular area of NORTH EVINGTON, within walking distance to THE LOCAL PRIMARY and SECONDARY schools, shops, bus routes and GENERAL HOSPITAL too. This HOME COMES with THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, modern BREAKFAST/KITCHEN, three ..."
"***BEAUTIFUL EXTENDED 4 BEDROOM DORMER BUNGALOW HOME*** This super modern and recently renovated 4 bedroom dormer bungalow is situated on a large plot within the popular area of Birstall, Leicester and is within easy reach of major road networks, Fosse Park and local s..."
"Delightful four bedroom semi detached family home in the poplar location of Oadby. The current accommodation provides an entrance hall with porch, lounge, diner, kitchen, downstairs shower room, four bedrooms and a family bathroom. Rear outbuilding providing additional family space."
"A small porch beneath the front gable of The Nene makes for a welcoming entrance to this majestic family home. The ground floor is full of light, with both the open-plan kitchen and dining area and the lounge having windows that overlook the front and back gardens. In summer you can throw open..."
"With a STYLISH theme throughout, this ATTRACTIVE traditional detached property provides WELL PROPORTIONED accommodation to include three bedrooms and two reception rooms."
"Accommodation comprises of Lounge, Study, Kitchen/Dinner, downstairs Bedroom, Utility Room and Downstairs Wet Room. Upstairs comprises of Two Bedrooms, one with En-Suite. Outside comprises of a low maintenance garden, Shed and access to Garage and side of property."
"This is a beautifully extended three/ four bedroom, semi detached bungalow, situated in a quiet cul de sac, near Watermead Country Park in Birstall. This property is presented to an excellent standard throughout and benefits from a stylish loft conversion that really needs to be seen to appreciat..."
"Kings are pleased to market this magnificent extended 3 bedroom detached house in the very sought after Oadby, LE2 area. Call KINGS today on to book your viewing."
"This generous two-bedroom detached bungalow is located in a cul-de-sac on the desirable Gates estate in Birstall. The property boasts a bright hallway, modern kitchen, lounge diner, two double bedrooms, a stylish shower room and separate WC. The bungalow sits on a generous corner plot with low ma..."
"A spacious five bedroom, three bathroom end terraced home in the highly popular Spinney Hill area with a courtyard garden complementing the recently r..."
"SUPERB, BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THREE-BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED home situated within ever-popular SYSTON. NO UPWARD CHAIN and benefiting from a light, spacious feel throughout and boasting AMPLE PARKING & EXTREMELY GENEROUS REAR GARDEN."
NO CHAIN! This beautifully presented four bedroom detached property has been refurbished to an EXCELLENT standard throughout. The property is situated in the heart of Narborough village close to local amenities and within walking distance of the train station. The property briefly comprises: Entr...
"Modern Three Bedroom Detached | Living/Kitchen/Diner | New System Boiler Fitted November 2022 | Replaced Oak Internal Doors | Quality Re-Fitted Kitchen | Re-Fitted Bathroom, En-Suite & Cloak Room | Front & Rear Garden | Garage"
"This lovely detached home has much to offer. Located in Leicester, it boasts four bedrooms, three bathrooms and an attractive layout. It also offers ample off- road parking. This is the perfect opportunity for any home hunter. Viewing advised, we don't anticipate the property being on the market..."
"This property has been maintained to an exceptional standard by the current vendors and has well appointed and spacious accommodation briefly comprising: Hallway, Downstairs cloakroom, Living room, L-shaped dining kitchen, Study / Utility. To the first floor: FOUR BEDROOMS and a Family bathroom. ..."
"Well appointed modern detached family home situated on this small and select residential development offering easy access of the extensive facilities of Anstey Town Centre. The well planned centrally heated and double glazed accommodation briefly comprises to the ground floor entrance hall, lo..."
This modern four bedroom DETACHED home is perfect for any growing family. Built within the last 10 years by Linden Homes. This stunning property is available now with a large rear garden and detached garage. 
"Situated in this quiet cul-de-sac location and positioned just off the Barkby Road in Syston, HOMEMOVE Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home. Call now to arrange a viewing.
"
"Keywest are delighted to offer for sale this truly stunning three bedroom, three storey end terrace property, situated in this well regarded and highly sought after residential location. The property, which has been substantially improved by the current owners, comprises entrance hall, ground fl..."
"Investment opportunity to purchase two, three bedroom apartments in a prime rental location. Both apartments are currently rented out and do require a degree of cosmetic attention. A monthly income of £800 per apartment could be achievable. The location offers easy access to local schooling..."
"***WOW!*** Seths are delighted to bring to market this stunning and meticulously refurbished 5 BEDROOM End Terraced House located in HIGHFIELDS within close proximity to schools, shops and places of worship. The property offers spacious family accommodation over three floors an..."
"Rathods are delighted to present this extremely well presented three bedroom semi detached house situated on a highly desirable residential area of Rushey Mead. The property is located near to local shops, schools and has public transport facilities to the City Center."
"Offered with No Upward Chain and situated within a neighbourly close, this THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH DOUBLE GARAGE has nicely presented and well proportioned accommodation throughout with potential to improve: Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this spacious proper..."
Superb modern detached property on this sort after Whetstone development. With a fantastic layout this really is the best of modern living with a good size lounge and a great family living kitchen. An early viewing is highly recommended to appreciate the style and layout of this lovely family ...
"Connells are delighted to market this detached three bedroom spacious bungalow in the heart of Oadby. Sat on a generous plot, the property comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, three double bedrooms and family bathroom. Ideally situated for Oadby’s highly regarded schools and bus links."
This three bedroom detached property is situated in the sought after location of New Lubbesthorpe and still benefits from the NHBC Certificate. The property is well presented throughout and has a large kitchen/diner ideal for entertaining and a garage. Call now to view 
"***BUYER INCENTIVE AVAILABLE *** A very well presented three bedroom detached family home located in the desirable New Lubbesthorpe development which is close to the M1/M69 motorway connections. This attractive detached, has well appointed accommodation comprising in brief of; ..."
"THIS PROPERTY IS OUTSTANDING - EPC RATING A. Having been significantly extended and upgraded by the current vendors, the flexible and very well appointed accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance, Living room, Fabulous OPEN PLAN LIVING KITCHEN, Utility, Playroom / office. First Floor: Four good s..."
"EXTENDED DETACHED HOME - Enjoying the spacious living accommodation on offer start to finish in this three-bedroom detached home, boasting an open-plan kitchen and extended lounge diner to the rear. The property is situated on the highly desired Amesbury road in Wigston Magna."
This particularly attractive BAY-FRONTED SEMI-DETACHED property has been EXTENDED to the rear with a STYLISH FITTED KITCHEN and a large OPEN-PLAN lounge dining room in excess of 34 feet. The property also benefits from a generous size SOUTH-FACING REAR GARDEN and would make a great family home.
"A really well presented 7 year old three bedroom detached family home originally built by Messrs Davidsons Homes on the fringe of this popular village to the West of the city centre and well served by good schools, shops, major road links and open countryside including Bradgate Park. Offered for ..."
"This four bedroom detached property is located in the popular village of Whetstone. Ideal for family living with a large lounge, kitchen/diner, downstairs wc and utility room. Garden, off road parking and garage. Call now to view."
"A BEAUTIFULLY MAINTAINED period property in the popular residential suburb of WIGSTON - THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, extended kitchen, THREE BEDROOMS, shower room and a GENEROUS SIZED REAR GARDEN."
A fantastic three-bedroom DETACHED BUNGALOW with a double garage in a very quiet CUL-DE-SAC with well-presented and well-proportioned accommodation throughout.
"Occupying a larger than normal corner plot in a popular location with the potential for extension subject to necessary planning consent, this two double bedroomed detached bungalow is situated in a sought after residential location and within walking distance of local amenities and bus routes. Be..."
"Offered to the market with no upward chain this extended and spacious three storey, four bedroom home benefits from a sizeable garden. Located Off Narborough Road South which benefits from local transport, close to major road networks, Leicester City centre and Fosse Shopping Park. Upon entry ..."
"A FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED located in Glenfield with a driveway and garage to the front and a garden to the rear. Inside can be found lounge/dining room, sun room and kitchen downstairs with the four bedrooms and a family bathroom upstairs"
***360 TOUR OF A STUNNING GARDEN*** Looking for stunning outdoor space? This three bedroom detached house situated in the ever popular village of Cosby has the Idyllic garden you have been searching for! Benefitting from a spacious conservatory creating a stunning open space...
"A 3 storey home for making memories. Perfect for bringing the outdoors in through the glass bay, with patio doors to the turfed garden which is not overlooked."
"Extended Detached Family Home | Four Decent Size Bedrooms | Upvc Double Glazed Windows | Upvc Fascias & Soffits | Gas Central Heating | Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen | Downstairs wc, Utility Room | Garage"
"Enjoying a lovely backdrop that resides upon a recently completed development is this immaculate, well presented, three-bedroom detached house. A lovely home that offers an Entrance Hall, WC, Living/Dining/Kitchen, First Floor Landing, Three Bedrooms, En-Suite to Main Bedroom and a Family Bathroo..."
Extended Detached Home | Three/Four Bedrooms | Good Size Plot | Easy Access To City Centre | Driveway | Double Garage Or Work Space | Upvc Double Glazed | Viewing Essential
"A spacious four bedroom house which could make a great family home to live in. To appreciate the accommodation on offer please kindly arrange an internal viewing. The accommodation in brief comprises of an entrance area, WC, a spacious living room/ dining area which has an open feel t..."
"DETACHED 3 bedroom home featuring a dual aspect lounge with French doors opening onto the SOUTH-EAST facing rear garden. OPEN-PLAN kitchen with breakfast area and a SPACIOUS dining room complete the ground floor. The first floor offers two DOUBLE bedrooms with EN SUITE to the main bedroom, a sing..."
"***NO CHAIN*** A 3 Bedroom Extended Semi - Detached House located in the sought after area of HUMBERSTONE. Situated within close proximity to an array of amenities on UPPINGHAM ROAD, this property would make an ideal family home. In brief the property comprises of an entrance hallway, lo..."
"IDEAL FIRST HOME WITH A MUST-SEE BEDROOM | Downstairs you'll find your BAY-FRONTED LOUNGE and your modern KITCHEN-DINER, with French doors out to your garden. On the first floor there are two DOUBLE BEDROOMS and the family bathroom. On the top floor is your own private haven, with a LARGE MAIN BE..."
"IDEAL FIRST HOME with THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS | Downstairs you'll find your BAY-FRONTED LOUNGE and your modern KITCHEN-DINER, with French doors out to your garden. On the first floor there are two DOUBLE BEDROOMS and the family bathroom. On the top floor is your own private haven, with a LARGE MAIN..."
Nestled into a popular cul de sac in the sought after village of Countesthorpe stands this well presented link detached family home. Extended to the rear with delightful views this great property is offered for sale without an upward chain. On approach to the home you will be greeted with a drive...
This excellent THREE BEDROOM detached family home is located on the Oadby Grange estate in a CUL-DE-SAC position.
"Located within a popular location being ideal for a family and also conveniently positioned for access to major roads and motorway access comes offered for sale this well presented four-bedroom detached house. A lovely, well-kept home that benefits in brief of an Entrance Hall, WC, Living Room th..."
"STUNNING DETACHED HOME - Enjoying the wow factor from start to finish is this spacious three-bedroom modern detached home, boasting an open-plan kitchen diner extension to the rear. The property can be found in a quiet cul-de-sac in the highly desired village of Groby."
"LOTS OF SPACE!! This well presented individually designed home is located on the corner of what was one of the largest shoe factories in Europe and was built in 1891. Flexible accommodation over four floors makes this a brilliant family home or an ideal home for professionals looking for space,..."
Immaculate detached family home occupying a delightful corner position within the highly sought after area of Whetstone. Within a few minutes walk to the local outstanding Primary School this fabulous home was constructed by David Wilson five years ago. Benefitting from many upgrades at the time ...
"Looking for a spacious and luxurious 4 bed detached house in the beautiful area of Glenfield, Leicester? Look no further! Our stunning property boasts an integral garage, 2 bathrooms, a utility room, and a host of other features that are sure to impress. With four spacious bedrooms, there&..."
"Traditional two bedroom detached bungalow built on this popular sought-after development.  Lounge, dining room, breakfast kitchen, parking and garden."
"Located in a quiet cul de sac, in the sought after village of Blaby, this well presented three bedroom detached bungalow is awaiting a new owner to call it their own. On entrance through the front door you are greeted with a large porch area with enough space to keep your shoes and hang coats. An..."
"This is an two bedroom detached bungalow in the desired 'Gates' area of Birstall. This appealing property is situated in a quiet cul de sac location and benefits from the potential to add an extension to the side and rear (STPP). In brief the original layout comprises of an entrance hall, lounge ..."
This attractive bay fronted villa located on the desirable and sought-after Central Avenue in the heart of Wigston is the perfect home for a growing family. The property has been well maintained and decorated to an excellent standard throughout resulting in a stylishly appointed period home with ...
Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this modern and nicely proportioned THREE/FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME having been extended to offer well presented space throughout with potential to extend further being located within the Evington/Stoneygate area of Leicester LE2. ...
"A beautiful three bedroom detached family home in Whetstone, benefitting from a KITCHEN DINER, downstairs WC, UTILITY ROOM, garage, master bedroom with ENSUITE and a family bathroom"
"A spacious terrace property situated in a highly sought-after location close to local amenities. The accommodation includes three reception rooms, a modern kitchen & shower room, utility room and downstairs w.c., three bedrooms and an attic room !"
A wonderful three bedroom property presented to the highest of standards with spacious accommodation arranged over three floors and also has the benefit of a detached garage which many of this build on the development lack
Highly sought after STONEYGATE location. An ATTRACTIVE THREE BEDROOM semi-detached home enjoying CHARACTER FEATURES THROUGHOUT and a landscape rear garden.
"Extended spacious four bedroom semi detached family home standing with extensive gardens to rear with open aspect situated in this popular location within easy access of local facilities, the Fosse Park Shopping Centre and the M1/M69 road network. The well planned centrally heated accommodatio..."
"A well presented five bedroom semi-detached family home located within the village centre of Kirby Muxloe. The property, which benefits from a loft conversion, has well appointed, deceptive and versatile accommodation comprising in brief of; entrance hall, a through lounge diner, kitche..."
This three bedroom property in LE4 has local amenities such as a shopping & leisure centre and easy access to Motorway Links and would make a great family home. This amazing property has a conservatory and also comes with parking and a garage!
"A well presented semi-detached property situated in a desirable location, with accommodation including spacious lounge, snug, kitchen, dining area, utility room, three bedrooms and a bathroom. Off road parking and an easily maintained rear garden. Council tax band B."
"We are delighted to introduce to the market this three bedroom semi detached dorma bungalow. This size property offers its self as an excellent family home. It has a driveway, car port & garage. The garden is very generous with lots to offer. Call to view"
"An extended semi-detached property situated in a highly sought-after area, with accommodation including a through lounge/diner, kitchen, downstairs shower room, timber conservatory, three bedrooms and a bathroom. Off road parking and rear garden.."
"Four bedroom, detached property benefiting from an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, utility, cloakroom, four bedrooms, en-suite, family bathroom. Outside there is off road parking, garden area with artificial grass and decked area."
"A beautifully presented and extended family home which has been substantially improved by the current owners and within a short walk into Wigston shopping centre. The property boasts three bedrooms, two reception rooms, an extended kitchen, utility, downstairs WC. Internal viewing recommended"
"Stunning three bedroom detached home on Newton Close in Wigston, Leicester. With off-street parking and a garage, internal accommodation offers a living room, kitchen, utility, three bedrooms and two bathrooms, making for a perfect family home. Newton Close is located nearby amenities, schools an..."
"Being offered to the market for the first time since it was built, this truly individual two bedroom detached property is situated just off Wintersdale Road and has been finished to the highest of specifications throughout. Accommodation is arranged over two floors and comprises in bri..."
A spacious three bedroom detached home located in the popular area of Leicester Forest East on a sought-after development with great commuter links and access to local amenities including the recently extended Fosse Shopping Park. This home is set on a corner plot and is being sold with n...
We are pleased to offer for sale this well appointed three bedroom established semi-detached home standing on a good sized plot to side and rear ideally suited for development(STP) situated in this highly popular location within walking distance of Masjid Muadh ibn Jabal Mosque. The property h...
"A four bedroom, semi-detached property. Situated in a very sought after location in Oadby, Leicestershire. This must see, call us now to book a viewing!"
"Purplebricks are Extremely Excited to present Sandford Road, Syston. THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FOREVER HOME! Deceptively generous, brilliantly extended family home with on street parking.
Inside you will have an Open Plan Lounge / Diner/ Conservatory over 40 Ft in length, cloakroom WC and Ki..."
"Close to local amenities. The accommodation comprises: lounge/diner, separate dining room, kitchen to the ground floor, with three bedrooms and a bathroom upstairs. Outside comprises of both Garage and off road parking and a Rear Garden."
"Offered to the market with no upward chain this Detached home is located in the sought after Leicester Forest East with easy access to major road networks, local amenities, local schools, Leicester City and Fosse Shopping Park. Located on a corner plot with ample off road parkin..."
A spacious SEMI-DETACHED family home in the popular area of OADBY with FOUR BEDROOMS. Close to DESIRABLE LOCAL SCHOOLING.
Stunning canal views
"BM Estates are very pleased to offer for sale this superb and individual semi-detached house located in the popular city suburb of Evington on the fringes of Evington village. The property, which is immaculately presented throughout offers truly spacious and versatile living accommodation providi..."
"The modern family home you've been searching for! New to the market is this impressive three bedroom, semi-detached home, ideally located in Humberstone, LE5. Entering into a hallway, downstairs accommodation benefits from a well-decorated living room, modern fitted kitchen-diner with French do..."
"BM Estates is delighted to offer for sale this superbly situated family home on Cordery Rd, Evington Village. The family home briefly comprises of an entrance hall, a living room on your left, dining room, kitchen and a rear garden. The first floor consists of four good-sized rooms and a family ..."
"*** BUY TO LET BUYERS ONLY *** A nicely presented and spacious HMO six bedroom (fifth bedroom located on the ground floor, formally was a reception room), mid terraced house which is currently tenanted as a corporate let for £1979.5/ per mth (£23754pa) (annual increase 5%)...."
"Offered with the benefit of No Upward Chain and having access to a private residents park to the rear, this FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME SET OVER THREE FLOORS having recently been redecorated with new carpet, is an ideal first time buyer opportunity located within the popular and in demand ..."
"Rathods are delighted to present this STUNNING & WELL PRESENTED three bedroom Extended Semi detached house situated on a highly desirable residential area off Melton Road. The property is located near to local shops, schools and has public transport facilities to the City Center."
This three bedroom detached property is in the sought after location of Whetstone. The property is well presented throughout and would make a lovely home. Call now to view .
Kings are pleased to market this lovely extended corner plot 3 bedroom semi detached house on Mervyn Road in the very sought after Evington area. CALL KINGS NOW TO ARRANGE YOUR VIEWING !!!
This EXCEPTIONAL RENOVATED property has ABUNDANCE of space throughout with a BEAUTIFUL open plan living kitchen dining room with the light streaming through the bi-fold doors.
"SUBSTANTIAL SEMI-DETACHED - Enjoy the wealth of accommodation on offer within this extended, substantial four-bedroom semi-detached family home. Ideally located in the highly desired village of Glenfield, it should have all the space you require."
"A three bedroom detached property situated on Ashton close, Oadby, Leicestershire. This property would be well suited for a family due to being nearby to local schools. It is an absolute must see! Contact us now to book a viewing!"
"AN ATTRACTIVE & WELL PRESENTED SIX SHARE HMO STUDENT PROPERTY Superbly situated in the thriving West End city suburb of Leicester, being well served for De Montfort University, City Centre & the fashionable Braunstone Gate with its array of everyday local amenities, shops, bars & restaurants. The..."
"Purplebricks are Proud to present Empingham Drive, Syston via Open House THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME
Beautifully presented family home with driveway and garage providing off road parking.
To the Rear you will have a Private Garden with enclosed walls comprised mainly of Laid Lawn and Slab..."
"Are you in the market for a family home in LE5? Situated just off Scraptoft Lane, in one of Leicester's most desirable locations, this four bedroom semi-detached home has all the space you and your family could possibly wish for... Downstairs accommodation benefits from an entrance hallway, larg..."
"This stunning, detached, three-bedroom, family home has been lovingly and impressively renovated and extended. Boasting a bright and spacious rear extension which creates a huge Kitchen/Breakfast Room and Office Space! "
"Occupying a GOOD SIZE PLOT, this traditional attractive detached home has been EXTENDED to provide a well proportioned family home and is located in a PLEASANT CUL-DE-SAC."
"FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME. Offers off road parking, garage and rear garden. Inside you will have a cloakroom, lounge, dining room, study and kitchen downstairs with the four bedrooms and bathroom upstairs. SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION"
"IMMACULATELY PRESENTED SEMI DETACHED HOME WITH ANNEX. Set in the popular suburb of Hamilton this immaculately presented, extended home with gated access at the end of a quiet close is a must view for potential buyers. The accommodation briefly consists of, entrance hall, lounge, dining kitchen, ..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a three-bedroom semi detached corner property, having been previously extended this property offers masses of opportunity for further development STPP. Available now with off road parking and a single garage"
"This traditional three bedroom semi-detached property has just come onto the market and is ideal for first time buyers and growing families. The property consists of living room, kitchen diner with living space, utility, downstairs WC as well as three bedrooms and family bathroom. Call us to view."
"Offered with No Upward Chain this much improved three storey four bedroom semi detached family home is situated in the highly desirable location of Oadby. The accommodation comprises of main entrance porch, lounge, extended dining room with garden room, fitted kitchen, ground floor utility and WC..."
"Residing upon a recently completed development is this immaculate, well presented, three bedroom detached house. A lovely home that offers an Entrance Hall, WC, Living/Dining/Kitchen, First Floor Landing, Three Bedrooms, En-Suite to Main Bedroom and a Family Bathroom. To the outside there is a re..."
"Enjoying a larger than average south facing garden to the rear, walk in and be surprised by this four bedroom detached house situated in an established Syston location within walking distance to the many amenities available in the Town centre and would make for a fantastic family home. The enviab..."
The Linnet is a 3 Bed Detached property with a single detached garage comprising of a separate Kitchen and a large Lounge/Diner with 3 good sized bedrooms on the first floor. An ensuite to the master and a separate family bathroom. Quality and value from a very old established fam...
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED AND EXTENDED detached home with three bedrooms. The property, which has been exceptionally maintained, has spacious accommodation briefly comprising: Entrance hallway, Large Living Room, Separate Dining Room and Breakfast Kitchen, W/C. First Floor: Landing, Three bedrooms an..."
Detached Bungalow | Three Bedrooms | Conservatory | Gas Central Heating | Upvc Double Glazed | Double Garage | Front & Rear Garden | No Chain
Offered to the market with no upward chain this three bedroom detached house has a sizeable garden. Upon entry there is an entrance hall with stairs off to the first floor. At the front of the property there is a Dining room leading through double doors to the Living room which has a feature f...
"This three bedroom detached property is situated in the sought after location of Chaucer Street in Narborough. Situated on a large plot with an in and out driveway and a large idyllic rear garden, viewing is highly recommended. To arrange your viewing call now on "
This very well presented three bedroom detached family home occupies a generous plot on the sought after 'Poets' development. The plot offers scope for substantial extension including to both sides and to the rear of the home subject to planning. The accommodation itself has been very ...
"Three bedroom semi detached home featuring an open plan kitchen family and dining area to the ground floor. Cosy formal sitting room is to the first floor. All bedrooms are doubles, with the master and bedroom two on the second floor each with their own stylish ensuite shower room."
"Here we have a very well sized, detached 4-bedroom home in Thurmaston. The 4 double bedrooms are generously sized and all come with newly fitted built in wardrobes. The property also benefits from multiple large, high ceiling living spaces and is ideal for a first time buyer or family looking for..."
Kings are pleased to market this lovely 3 bedroom semi detached house for sale on Chestnut Avenue in the very sought LE5 area. CALL KINGS NOW TO ARRANGE A VIEWING ON !!!
Superb detached bungalow located on a deceptively large plot in this sought after cul de sac location. Presented to a good standard throughout and offering flexible living accommodation with a fantastic conservatory overlooking the rear garden an early viewing is highly recommended to apprecia...
"Situated conveniently to Queens road, Clarendon Park and access to the city is this well presented semi-detached family home, which benefits from having owned solar panels and the scope to extend to the rear. This lovely family home comprises of an entrance hallway, a bay fronted living room..."
"This well presented, three bedroom detached home is situated perfectly for catchment to the highly regarded and rated schools within this popular village. A lovely house that benefits in brief of an Entrance Porch, Entrance Hall, Living Room, Dining Room, Conservatory, Kitchen, First Floor Landin..."
"This bay fronted property is situated in a desirable location. The family home comprises of three bedrooms, modern family bathroom, large open plan lounge/diner, modern kitchen, downstairs WC, utility, single garage and a large south facing private garden. Potential to extend,"
"The 3-bedroom Lea is designed to make the absolute most of every square inch. The spacious lounge benefits from a beautiful bay window, and the combined kitchen and dining area opens into a separate utility room and cloakroom. French doors in the kitchen give you the option to step outside int..."
"An ideal opportunity to purchase this lovely example of a three bedroom traditional semi-detached property located in a highly prestigious area of Evington, Leicester, LE5. Located off Spencefield Lane this property has been designed with family in mind."
"Nestled within a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought after village of Countesthorpe, is this lovely detached family home. The extended detached home comprises of an entrance hall, a living room, an open plan modern style fitted kitchen-dining room with double glazed French doors opening into the spaci..."
A BEAUTIFUL and EXTENDED semi-detached family home providing SPACIOUS accommodation and a lovely rear garden.
"As you walk through the front door and into the hallway of The Douglas, youâ��ll soon discover the unique shape of this attractive home offers lots of room, with an open-plan kitchen and dining area and good-sized lounge providing plenty of living space. French doors in the dining area open on..."
"3 bed detached family home, located in popular part of Oadby, benefiting from open plan living/dining room, fully fitted kitchen, fitted bathroom, double glazing, built-in wardrobes, detached garage and rear garden. No Chain. Early viewing strongly advised. "
"A Five bedroom detached property, situated in the popular location of Wigston, Leicester. Offering an additional downstairs WC & shower room along with this property location it is an absolute must see! Please contact us for more information"
This stunning traditional and extended family home is nestled into a tree lined and highly sought after road in Countesthorpe. Beautifully improved and maintained and finished off with stylish yet sympathetic decor this fabulous property occupies a wonderful plot with an extensive south facing re...
"Situated on a popular residential street is this well presented, modern, extended family home. With a large garden plot there is also future scope for even further expansion"
"SellMyHome are proud to present to market this fantastic four bedroom, semi detached family home located in a highly sought after residential area. The property briefly comprises an enclosed porch, welcoming hallway leading to a separate reception room with bay window to front, additiona..."
"Yopa offers to the market this well presented three bedroom semi-detached family home. The property is situated in the popular suburb of North Evington, boasting off road parking, full double glazing, conservatory, a low maintenance garden & garage. All amenities are within with walking distance"
Well presented character three double bed roomed Dutch style 1950's semi detached home situated on a good sized plot nicely positioned in a popular cul-de-sac location in the heart of the sought after suburb of Old Aylestone which offers its own community atmosphere including local schooling a...
"deceptively spacious and occupying a double width plot, this four bedroom townhouse is situated with then ever popular location of Hamilton. The property benefits from off road parking and four spacious bedrooms and has full accommodation comprising in brief; entrance hall, fully fitte..."
"THREE BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY. The front of the property has a large driveway with a good sized garden to the rear. Inside you will find a lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility room and conservatory downstairs. Upstairs you have three bedrooms and a family bathroom"
"Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME situated on a quiet cul-de-sac within the popular village of Thurnby, Leicester LE7, having potential to extend (STPP).  There are schools, shops and amenities within easy reach along with excelle..."
"Stunning three bedroom semi-detached home located on a large plot on The Portwey, off Uppingham Road in Leicester. Offering large front driveway and a double garage, inside you will find two reception rooms, extended kitchen, utility, downstairs WC, three bedrooms, bathroom and a converted loft s..."
"Built by award wining developer Messrs. Davidsons, fall in love with this contemporary three bedroom family home occupying a family friendly cul de sac position on the outskirts of Lubbesthorpe. Having the remainder of the 10 years builders warranty, this property will be perfect for the discerni..."
"Hunters are delighted to offer to market this immaculately presented detached home that is nestled within the heart of Wigston and close by to local shops, schools and amenities. This beautiful detached home comprises of an entrance porch, a hallway, an open plan living-dining room with partition..."
This four bedroom detached property located within Aylestone would be the perfect family home!
"Are you looking for a family home with off road parking in Belgrave? Your search could be over with this impressive, well-presented three bedroom semi-detached property on Scarborough Road.... Entering into a large hallway, downstairs accommodation also benefits from a large living area, separat..."
"This attractive bay fronted residence offers a wealth of generously proportioned accommodation across three floors. This spacious town house is in Westcotes, located just outside of Leicester City Centre and offers lots of potential for an investment or a charming character home for an individual..."
Kings are pleased to market this newly refurbished 3 bedroom Detached Bungalow on Marston Road in the very sought after LE4 area. CALL KINGS NOW ON !!!
"FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY. Offering off road parking to the front with garage/workshop and garden to the rear. Inside you will find a lounge, kitchen/diner and a conservatory downstairs. Upstairs you have four bedrooms and a family bathroom"
"A beautifully presented detached property situated off Hungarton Boulevard, with accommodation comprising of an entrance porch, lounge/diner, modern open plan kitchen/diner, three bedrooms and a modern bathroom. Outside is a detached garage, ample off road parking and a well maintained rear garden"
"£10,000 moving cost contribution | OPEN-PLAN lounge/dining room and upgraded modern kitchen with French doors onto a SOUTH-WEST garden. Flooring included throughout. THREE double bedrooms, including EN SUITE main bedroom. Offering flexibility - turn bedroom 4 into a HOME OFFICE. Parking for 2 car..."
"Unique ‘curved' home featuring 3 double bedrooms, with master boasting its own designer ensuite."
12 months ENERGY BILLS contribution * SOUTH facing garden * Spacious DOUBLE bedrooms * En suite to master bedroom * Stylish OPEN kitchen / dining with separate utility * Show Home available *
"Beautifully balanced both inside and out, the four bedroom Woodhouse combines a relaxing environment with a practical three storey living space. Step inside and you'll see how the balance continues throughout, with an open plan kitchen/dining room, separate lounge, laundry cupboard..."
"Seths are pleased to present this well presented extended semi detached property situated near Catherine Street, Belgrave. The accommodation comprises, entrance hall, through lounge, kitchen/diner, downstairs w/c, three bedrooms and a shower room. The property benefits from double glazing through..."
"OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £325,000 GUIDE PRICE £325000 - £350000 Take a look at this beautiful family home set over 3 floors allowing for spacious rooms with multiple uses making this home adaptable to its owner! Upon entry after leaving your car in the car port on the side of t..."
"4 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME | GFCH & DG | LOUNGE, DINING KITCHEN | FAMILY ROOM/BED 5 | BATHROOM & WET ROOM | GARAGE, GARDENS"
"An immaculately presented, three bedroom detached property, sitting on an unusually large plot, offering spacious accommodation with excellent parking and a garage."
"Located in the heart of Birstall within close access to an extensive range of amenities is this beautifully presented bay fronted home offering spacious and well arranged accommodation comprising entrance porch, hallway, lounge with bay window, modern kitchen opening to a large living dining spac..."
"A well presented, three bedroom detached dormer bungalow boasting deceptively spacious living space located in this sought after area of Groby close to majestic woodland walks and the charming village centre. The property is also advertised with the added benefit of NO UPWARDS SALES CHAIN. "
"Extended to the side and rear, walk in and be surprised by this three bedroom semi detached home situated within close proximity to local amenities, recreational areas and schools with good road links to Birstall, Leicester City Centre and the popular Abbey Park. An ideal family home, the gas cen..."
"The Dove is a traditional-looking home designed for contemporary living. The modern open-plan kitchen and dining area benefits from having French doors that open onto the garden, creating a light and airy living space inside with plenty of opportunities for al fresco dining during those warmer..."
"This is a traditional three-bedroom semi-detached house in the ever popular area of Humberstone. The property presents balanced living space over two levels and offers significant scope to extend to the rear (STPP) In brief this property comprises of hall, kitchen, dining room, lounge, landing, t..."
"***DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS 4 BED END-TERRACE PROPERTY IN EVER POPULAR UPPINHAM ROAD AREA (LE5)*** Locate on Haynes Rd (off Uppingham Road) the Property benefits from 2 spacious receptions room, large kitchen, 2 bathrooms and 4 bedrooms over 3 Storey's. The accommodation comprises: Entrance Hall, F..."
This wonderful detached family home is situated within a sought after Cul-De-Sac. Located in the delightful village of Whetstone the property has been beautifully maintained throughout and is presented for sale in immaculate condition by the current owner. Approaching the home you will be greeted...
"Hunters are delighted to offer to market this immaculately presented, traditional style extended family home that offers contemporary living for years to come. This spacious family home is nestled with in a quiet road in the heart of Wigston and comprises of an entrance hallway, an open plan livi..."
"Located within a HIGHLY DESIRABLE CUL-DE-SAC is this SPACIOUS detached bungalow, which would benefit from some improvements yet available with NO UPWARD CHAIN."
"Seths are pleased to present this extended mid town house located in the popular Rushey Mead area. Briefly the accommodation comprises of a entrance porch, lounge, kitchen, two double bedrooms and a bathroom. The property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating, rear garden and a single..."
"An impressive semi-detached family home located in Evington Village, just off Stoughton Lane and Main Street. The property briefly comprises; lounge, bespoke dining kitchen and conservatory, 3 bedrooms and a family bathroom. Outside, a beautifully landscaped rear garden and garage to separate block."
Standing in a sought after location this stunning detached family home has been thoroughly improved by the current owners. Presented to the market in immaculate condition with tasteful decor you do not want to miss out on the opportunity to own this wonderful property. Entering into the hallway y...
"A traditionally styled & extended semi-detached house which is situated in an established & popular area & is, in the agents opinion, well placed for access to local amenities. Accommodation includes a lounge, dining room, kitchen/diner with utility, down stairs WC, three bedrooms & a bathroom."
"Situated within a quiet cul de sac and backing onto 'The Great Central Way', (which provides access to 'Everards Meadows), this well appointed family is offered for sale with NO CHAIN! The accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance hallway, Living room, Dining room, CONSERVATORY, Kitchen, Ground f..."
"OVERLOOKING OPEN SPACE with a SOUTH-FACING GARDEN | Downstairs you'll find your BAY-FRONTED LOUNGE and your modern KITCHEN-DINER, with French doors out to your garden. On the first floor there are two DOUBLE BEDROOMS and the family bathroom. On the top floor is your own private haven, with a LARG..."
"SOUTH-FACING GARDEN | OVERLOOKING OPEN SPACE | Downstairs you'll find your BAY-FRONTED LOUNGE and your modern KITCHEN-DINER, with French doors out to your garden. On the first floor there are two DOUBLE BEDROOMS and the family bathroom. On the top floor is your own private haven, with a LARGE MAI..."
"*YOU COULD SAVE UP TO £3,100 A YEAR ON YOUR ENERGY BILLS WITH A NEW MORRIS HOME* A STYLISH 3 bedroom home for the growing family, The Dalton brings modern living to the forefront through its contemporary interior, SPACIOUS LAYOUT and HIGH SPECIFICATION."
"Enjoying a set back position and extended to the rear, fall in love with this three bedroomed detached home perfect for growing families being situated within walking distance of Stafford Leys Primary School. Upper chain complete"
Two Storey Extended Semi Detached Home | Re-Fitted Kitchen | Four Bedrooms | En-Suite & Family Shower Room | Double Tandem Garage | Upvc Double Glazed | No Chain | Blinds/Shutters Included In Sale
"Nest are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented and maintained detached bungalow, situated off of Burnham Drive in Whetstone, being sold with the particular advantage of having no upward chain. Entrance to this property is via a composite front door into a porch, with a d..."
" A beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached home is now available for sale in Enderby. The property comprises an entrance hallway, living room and extended living kitchen diner space with bifold doors and a downstairs WC. Upstairs comprises three bedrooms and a modern family bathroom. T..."
"Make A House Your Home! - Situated in this popular residential area you will find this family detached home which has accommodation comprising, entrance hall, lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen, utility, down stairs wc, first floor landing, four bedrooms, master beneftis from en-suite and a f..."
"This spacious three bedroom detached home is situated in a quiet cul de sac in highly sought-after area of Littethorpe. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance porch, hallway, living room, , fitted kitchen, conservatory, downstairs WC, three double bedrooms and family bathroom. There are gar..."
"Set on a generous plot in the popular town of Syston this spacious, extended, detached bungalow does require some modernisation but offers great potential. The accommodation briefly consists of, porch, entrance hall, lounge, kitchen-diner, dining room, conservatory, bathroom and two good size dou..."
"Open House are delighted to welcome to the market this attractive, detached three-bedroom property, located in Birstall, Leicester. Situated on a large corner plot, the front garden is framed by low hedging and planting with an adjoining block-paved driveway leading to the garage. Bi (cont.)"
Three Bedroom Extended Detached | Gas Central Heating. Combination Boiler | Upvc Double Glazed | Downstairs wc | Conservatory | Open Countryside Views | Garage | No Chain
"A three bedroom mid terrace in a popular area with a modern kitchen and cellar this huge property would make an ideal family home. The layout consists of large open plan lounge/dining room, kitchen & wet room downstairs with three bedrooms and a WC upstairs. A must view property"
"Offered to the market with no onward chain, this three bedroom semi-detached house is conveniently located within the ever popular location of Evington. Benefitting from stunning field views to the front aspect, this ideal family home has accommodation arranged over two floors that co..."
A stunning example of an end of terraced property that has undergone substantial refurbishment and restoration by the current owners to a high standard. The property is ideally located close to London Road with its many amenities and close links to the city centre. Internally the property comp...
"Offered to the market, this three bedroom semi-detached house is located within the ever popular Rushey Mead. Accommodation is arranged over two floors and comprises in brief; Spacious entrance hall, through lounge/diner with patio doors leading to the rear garden, and recently re-fitt..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this Residential development with planning consent for the demolition of present dwelling and  the erection of two detached dwellings, a four bed detached and a three bed detached, situated on good sized plots in the heart of the sought after suburb of Gle..."
"A Large 3 bedroom detached home situated within a cul-de-sac setting, is being offered with NO CHAIN. The property is located just a short walk away from both local primary and secondary schools and park. The City Centre, outer ring roads and local shopping complex are also only a short drive awa..."
"A well presented detached 2 bedroom bungalow in prime residential cul-de-sac position close to village amenities such as shops, schools and transport links. The property benefits from full gas central heating, UPVC double glazed doors and windows, pvc fascia, cavity wall insulation, modern kitche..."
"A THREE-BEDROOM semi-detached family home in the popular and desirable OADBY area. The property has plenty of scope for EXTENSION, subject to obtaining the relevant planning permissions."
"A well presented THREE BEDROOM DETACHED house located in the sought after area of HAMILTON. In brief the property comprises of an entrance porch, entrance hallway, through lounge, kitchen / diner, cloakroom, three bedrooms, MASTER BEDROOM WITH EN-SUITE and a bathroom. This property furt..."
Extended Semi Detached Home | Large Modern Living/Kitchen | Downstairs wc | Garage Conversion | Three Bedrooms | Bathroom | Good Size Rear Garden | Viewing Essential
Your Move Blaby are delighted to offer this 3 bedroomed semi detached property. Incorporating A GRANNY FLAT and extended downstairs accommodation. Inspection of this property is highly recommended to fully appreciate the space that is on offer. 
"Three bedroom, semi-detached home | Highly popular location | Private rear garden | Off-road parking | Three piece bathroom suite | No onward chain | Please contact Taylors to arrange your visit!"
"Situated in a highly sought after area within Wigston is this three bed detached family home, that offers plenty of living space. This lovely family home is conveniently located for local shopping, schools and amenities with excellent road links to the city, Fosse park retail shopping centre and ..."
"A DELIGHTFULLY PRESENTED & EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY situated in within the sought after city suburb of West Knighton, being well served for renowned local schooling, Leicester University, Wigston Town Centre, Oadby and the fashionable Queens Road shopping parade in neighbouring Clarendon P..."
"A STUNNING, EXTENDED FAMILY HOME THAT IS SURE TO TICK ALL OF YOUR BOXES! This home has been impeccably decorated throughout recently and this is immediately obvious upon entering the lounge from the welcoming hallway. A large window to the front illuminates this space whilst a door at the rear..."
"Occupying a pleasant position on the edge of this sought after development, this larger than average three bedroom semi-detached home sits adjacent to wildlife area and farmers' fields in a tucked away position having canopy car port and low maintenance gardens. The property itself benefits from..."
"Often requested and rarely available - this prestigiously placed four bedroom detached property is perfect for the family looking for that next move. You will walk in to be greeted by an entrance hall, with a living room, dining room, kitchen, utility, WC and conservatory to the ground..."
"A three bedroom end town house located in a quiet cul-de-sac in Thurmaston, LE4. This generous home is within walking distance to the local primary school and convenience shops, public houses, lifestyle amenities, countryside walks and travel links and all nothing easy reach. Viewings are advised!"
"SAVE OVER £19,000 including £15,000 DEPOSIT BOOST| SPACIOUS 4 bedroom home with OPEN-PLAN UPGRADED kitchen and dining area. FRENCH DOORS onto the garden, EN SUITE main bedroom, a further DOUBLE bedroom, airy single bedroom & UPGRADED family bathroom. Offering flexibility - turn bedroom 4 into a H..."
The Swift is a 3 bed detached house with a single detched garage. Comprising of a large Kitchen/Diner and separate lounge to the ground floor. 3 bedrooms to the first floor with ensuite shower room to the master and a separate family bathroom. Quality and value from a very old est...
"HomeMove Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this superbly presented three-bedroom semi-detached property located in the ever-popular area of Goodwood to the east of Leicester city centre.
"
"*£300 CONTRIBUTION TOWARDS YOUR MONTHLY MORTGAGE PAYMENTS FOR 12 MONTHS ON PLOT 64* A STYLISH 3 bedroom home for the growing family, The Dalton brings modern living to the forefront through its contemporary interior, SPACIOUS LAYOUT and HIGH SPECIFICATION."
"A generously sized new build family home located in the sought-after area of Humberstone. The property is part of a Grade II listed building and briefly comprises an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen & dining area, WC, master bedroom with en-suite, 2 further bedrooms, bathroom and car parking. "
"Located on the New Lubbesthorpe development with easy access to local countryside, Fosse Shopping Park, schools, local amenities & major road networks including M1/M69. This home has 8 years remaining NHBC and is immaculately presented with a corner plot setting allowing a light and a..."
"William H Brown are delighted to offer for sale this semi detached home comprising of entrance hallway, lounge, fitted kitchen/diner, three bedrooms and a family bathroom. To the front of the property is off road parking. To the rear of the property is an easy to maintain garden."
A GREAT NEXT PURCHASE with this FOUR BEDROOM terrace home benefiting from RENOVATION THROUGHOUT and close to amenities.
"Extended family home with ground floor annex and private wet room. Unique corner plot with two enclosed gardens. Four double bedrooms, two bathrooms and shower room. "
"This three bedroom semi-detached property is well presented throughout and is situated in the sought after location of Glen Parva. The property has a large driveway and garage and viewing is highly recommended. Call to arrange your viewing,"
This immaculately presented Three bedroom detached property is situated in the sought after location of Blaby. The property also benefits from planning permission to extend - please see agents note. Viewing is highly recommended to appreciate the accommodation on offer. Please call .
"Situated within a sought after residential area this significantly extended four bedroom semi-detached family home offers spacious and versatile living accommodation. The property has obviously been very well maintained throughout but does offer scope to add value through either modernisation, re..."
"Nestled on a lovely plot, with open views to the rear this beautiful, detached family home really should be viewed to truly appreciate all it has to offer, On entering you are greeted with stairs that lead up to the first floor and doors into the downstairs rooms. The lounge diner is a fabulo..."
"BM Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this three-bedroom semi-detached family home. The property is situated on a generous plot in this very popular location in Wigston and within walking distance to the beautiful Knighton Park. The property in brief comprises of Entrance Hall, Lounge..."
A great opportunity to purchase this spacious and well presented family home located within a popular and sought after area offering easy access to Leicester City Centre and all local amenities.
Hortons are pleased to offer for sale this two bedroom Victorian terrace property in the popular LE3 area with NO CHAIN and conveniently located within a short walk from many amenities
" Spencers have on the market this lovely three-bedroom semi - detached home in a highly sought after area of Evington. Plenty of amenities, local shops, schools, parks and mosques within walking distance and excellent transport links. Potential to extend to the side and rear subject to plan..."
"This impressive FOUR BEDROOM, semi-detached, family home, is located perfectly to take advantage of Oadby's brilliant schooling and amenities. The property has been lovingly EXTENDED by the current owners who have substantially improved the property."
"A detached family home occupying a corner plot in a desirable location. The accommodation comprising: entrance hall, lounge, dining room, conservatory, kitchen, downstairs cloakroom, three bedrooms and a bathroom. Garage, off road parking and gardens to the front and rear !"
"Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME offered with the benefit of no upward chain being located within the popular Aylestone area of Leicester LE2.  The property is close to schools, shops and amenities with excellent road link..."
"CHAIN-FREE BUNGALOW - Enjoy life on this quiet, desired Groby street with a two-bedroom detached bungalow offered to the market with no onward chain. It would be perfect for somebody looking to downsize."
"***NO UPWARD CHAIN***Purple Bricks are proud to present this four bedroom semi-detached property. Situated in the popular town of Oadby, Leicester, making for an ideal family home, first time purchase or investment. The property comprises of two entrances, the first to the left upon looking at t..."
"The simple layout of The Teme offers the utmost in convenient family living, with an welcoming hallway that leads straight upstairs to the first floor. On the left of the hallway is a spacious lounge, while to the right is the open-plan kitchen and dining area, which has French doors opening o..."
"No Chain! Set within an exclusive gated development in Syston, this four bedroom mid town house provides a perfect opportunity for families in search of more space. The layout is arranged over three floors, including an entrance hall, guest wc, full width modernised kitchen diner and a partially ..."
"Situated in the brilliant area of Wigston magna. Spencer’s have on the market this spacious four bedroom substantially extended family home on a corner plot. The property in brief comprises of; A spacious, light and airy lounge, refitted kitchen in excellent condition, downstairs wet room, ..."
"Are you looking for a modern family home? This three bedroom, three-storey property is extremely well presented and ready to move in! Entering into a spacious hallway, downstairs accommodation benefits from a large living and dining area, separate modern kitchen, and a downstairs WC. Moving up ..."
"This four bedroom extended detached property is being offered to the market with no onward chain. The property benefits from an en-suite to the master, kitchen and commands a corner plot. In Need of Renovation. Call now to arrange your viewing."
"Stylish, modern & sat in a prominent position in the lovely village of Blaby, this beautiful home has come to the market in show home condition & nest advise an early viewing to avoid disappointment. On entering into the welcoming hall you instantly feel at home, the owners have cleverly add..."
"This three bedroom property is situated on a large plot and is filled with character, including original cast iron fireplaces and high ceilings throughout. The property boasts spacious living accommodation throughout and an idyllic rear garden. Call now to arrange a viewing."
"A modern 4 bedroom detached 90's family home in cul-de-sac location and offered for sale with no upward chain. The property benefits from full gas central heating, regularly serviced, UPVC double glazed windows, doors and conservatory, pvc fascia, seamless gutters. The accommodation briefly comp..."
"Nestled within a sought after and quiet location on the very popular Wigston Meadows residential area of Wigston, you will find this spacious detached family home. This superb family home is set over two floors and comprises of; an entrance hallway, lounge/diner with windows to front and rear asp..."
"Cleverley extended four bedroom family sized semi-detached house situated within a cul de sac located in the desirable Little Hill Estate in Wigston. Featuring an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, conservatory, fitted kitchen with built-in appliances, utility room, four bedrooms, well-appointed..."
"Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this TWO/THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW available with No Upward Chain being located along a quiet cul-de-sac within Evington, Leicester LE5.  The property offers flexible space and is situated close to places of worship along with hig..."
"Oadby Estates are delighted to bring this well presented Three Bedroom Detached family home to the sale market on Gregory Way, Wigston. The ground floor of the property consists of a Welcoming Entrance Hall, Family Lounge, Modern Kitchen/Diner and guest W.C. The property's first floor consist..."
A very well presented three bedroom semi detached house situated in the popular suburb of Oadby providing convenient access to OFSTED rated OUTSTANDING schools
"THREE BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY. Offering off road parking to the rear with garage. Inside you will find a lounge, dining room, kitchen and a conservatory downstairs. Upstairs you have three bedrooms and a family bathroom."
"Nestled on a no through road just off the ever popular Abbey Road, this truly beautiful Victorian, three storey, family home, with many original features has been lovingly looked after & improved by the current owner, is offered for sale in pristine condition & really should be viewed internally..."
A CHARMING detached bungalow offered with NO UPWARD CHAIN. Benefitting from a GOOD SIZE PLOT with TWO BEDROOMS and a beautifully maintained rear garden.
"A well presented three-bedroom with loft area, semi-detached family home. The property is ideal for families and people of all ages who are looking for a home that they can move straight into and enjoy! It offers SOLAR PANELS meaning lower energy bills and easy commute to the City Centre, as well..."
"Offered to the market with no onwards chain, this excellent example of a four bedroom semi-detached house is nestled away on a private cul-de-sac shared with just two other dwellings. Accommodation is arranged over two floors and comprises in brief; Entrance hall, spacious lounge with ..."
"Offering a larger than normal driveway and a particularly private garden to the rear not overlooked from beyond, this traditional bay fronted three bedroom semi detached property has benefitted from the addition of a side extension and conservatory. The gas centrally heated accommodation in brief..."
"A three bedroomed semi detached house situated in a sought after location off Uppingham Road. With UPVC double glazing and gas fired central heating the two storey accommodation is approached via an entrance hallway, kitchen and through lounge / diner. First floor three bedrooms, bathroom and sep..."
"Situated on a GOOD-SIZED PLOT is this PERIOD family home, close to local schooling and shopping facilities in WIGSTON."
"Having undergone a significant programme of refurbishment throughout, this two bedroom detached bungalow has been thoughtfully finished to offer modern living over a single storey. Accommodation comprises in brief; entry to an open plan living/dining space featuring a recently fitted ..."
"A particularly spacious detached 3 bedroom bungalow with exceptionally large rear garden in quiet residential location close to an excellent range of local amenities, including shops, schools, regular public transport and major road links. The property built in 1970's offers tremendous scope for ..."
"*For Sale by Auction on 22/09/2022Freehold investment producing £26,440.08 per annum. Ground floor retail unit, ground floor one bedroom self contained flat and two bedroom self contained flat on the first floor. Ideal investment opportunity."
"Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this 2016 built THREE BEDROOM MODERN DETACHED FAMILY HOME having recently been updated being situated within a quiet cul-de-sac position close to the village of Thurnby, Leicester LE7.  The property offers the perfect first time buyer o..."
Situated in this highly sought after cul-de-sac location HOMEMOVE Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this beautifully presented and extended three-bedroom semi detached bungalow which has been thoughtfully extended by its present owners and offers good sized flexible family living acc...
"*GUIDE - £325,000 - £340,000* This modern residence offers stunning show home interiors throughout! Having been lovingly maintained by the current owners from new and having approximately 6 years remaining of the NHBC warranty, this contemporary property would make the perfect family home. With m..."
"A beautifully presented, three-bedroomed, semi-detached home, situated in one of the most sought-after locations in Scraptoft"
This spacious semi-detached property comprising of a hallway leading to the lounge with bay window and kitchen/diner. Upstairs hosts three bedrooms and a family shower room. Outside includes a driveway and garage to the rear of the property and rear garden.
"An ATTRACTIVE traditional semi-detached property providing ample scope for EXTENSION to the side or rear, subject to relevant planning permissions and currently provides WELL PROPORTIONED accommodation."
"Hunters are delighted to offer to market this superbly presented modern detached home situated on the very popular and sought after location of Wigston Meadows new build residential development. On entering this fabulous family home, you are presented with hallway with built-in storage cupboa..."
"Well appointed and presented modern three bedroom detached family home situated in the heart of this sought after residential development offering easy access to the local shopping, schooling and leisure facilities. The well planned central heated and double glazed accommodation briefly compri..."
A 1930's double bay fronted DETACHED BUNGALOW on a generous sized plot.
"Presented in beautiful condition throughout, a well appointed four bedroom link-detached house situated in the popular suburb of Hamilton built by award winning Bellway Homes in 2004"
This fabulous palisaded end of terrace cottage dates back to 1812 and is nestled within the sought after village of Littlethorpe. Presented to the market without an upward chain Emmanuel Cottage has been improved by the current owner yet retains its charm and character. With well appointed accomm...
"Deceptively spacious four bedroom extended semi detached home benefitting from gas central heating, upvc double glazing, kitchen and bathrooms. The accommodation briefly comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, sitting room, utility room, shower room, upstairs there are four bedrooms a..."
Beautiful detached family home situated within the highly sought after New Lubbesthorpe Development. Constructed by David Wilson Homes in 2018 this wonderful property has been well maintained and is presented for sale in great condition. On approach to the home you will be impressed with the deli...
This three Bedroom spacious property is immaculately presented throughout and still benefits from an NHBC certificate. The property has a large kitchen/dining area ideal for entertaining and an en-suite to the master. Viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate the accommodation on offer.
"A semi-detached property located just off the A6030 and within walking distance to Spinney Hill Park. The property comprises: An entrance hallway, wc and shower room, dining room, lounge, kitchen, three bedrooms and a bathroom. Outside is a split level garden, a driveway and a garage !"
"Larger than it looks! Book a viewing on this exceptional three-bedroom detached home with a garage. Stunningly decorated, with a splendid garden to match."
What will you offer on this extended house?
"A three bedroom end house which has front and rear gardens. The property could make a lovely family home to live in or if preferred be bought to let out. The accommodation in brief comprises of an entrance area, WC, and a living room which has access to a kitchen. To the first floor a..."
"Perfect for growing families, fall in love with this extended three bedroom bay fronted semi detached home situated on the outskirts of Enderby, conveniently positioned for access to major road links. Boasting an upgraded central heating boiler fitted in 2022, the layout includes an entrance hall..."
"Extended to the side and rear, fall in love with this enlarged four bedroom detached home perfect for growing families in search of more space and must be viewed in person to be fully appreciated. Benefiting from an upgraded central heating boiler, the accommodation includes an entrance hall, wc,..."
"*** Guide Price £325,000 - £340,000 *** Guide Price £325,000 - £340,000 *** A beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached home which has been refurbished throughout to a lovely standard and is ready for a buyer to move into. This traditional 1..."
"SHOW HOME STANDARD - Enjoy life inside this stunning, three-story semi-detached home, ideally located on the popular New Lubbesthorpe development, with plenty of NHBC warranty outstanding."
"A well presented three storey, four bedroom property which would make the perfect family home or potential investment opportunity. Internal viewings are highly recommended to appreciate the generous accommodation on offer"
"Aston & Co are delighted to offer to the market this spacious, well presented family home set in the ever popular town of Syston. The accommodation briefly consists of, entrance hall, lounge, kitchen-diner, conservatory and a wc to the ground floor. To the first floor are three bedrooms and a sho..."
"Signature Homes of Midlands are delighted to be marketing this three bedroom detached property in the popular location of the Wigston Meadows estate, perfect for growing families and first-time buyers alike. This really isn't one to miss so don't miss out and call us today to arrange a viewing!"
"Connells are pleased to present this three bedroom family home in the popular location of Oadby, within walking distance to local amenities & outstanding schools of Oadby. The property benefits from off road parking, garage, front & rear gardens, downstairs WC, kitchen, lounge/diner & bathroom."
"FANTASTIC EXTENDED SEMI ! Sought after residential area and in First Class condition. Lovely private rear garden. Hall, Cloaks/WC, spacious Lounge, Study Area, open plan Family Kitchen/Diner, Landing, three good Bedrooms and re-fitted Bathroom. Drive and car standing, Garage."
This wonderful three bedroom detached family home was built by David Wilson Homes in 2018 and is part of the New Lubbesthorpe development. Well presented and maintained throughout the accommodation is both spacious and impressive. This double fronted property has a well proportioned lo...
"A traditional double bay fronted 3 bedroom detached family home in popular residential non-estate location with rear gardens of approx 150'. The property briefly comprises of full gas central heating (combi), UPVC double glazing, new electric consumer unit and is offered for sale with no upward c..."
"Kings are delighted to market this stunning extended 3 bedroom semi detached home for sale on Birkby Close in the very sought after Hamilton, LE5 area. CALL KINGS NOW TO ARRANGE YOUR VIEWING !!!"
"A beautifully presented example of an extended 1960's Calverley detached bungalow which has been completely remodernised just a couple of years ago and is situated on a generous corner plot. The bungalow benefits from full gas central heating, UPVC double glazing, pvc fascia, a splendid modern ki..."
"IMMACULATE BUNGALOW - Move straight in and enjoy the stylish interior on display throughout this three-bedroom detached bungalow, ideally located in this desired part of Glenfield. The stunning open-plan living kitchen is undoubtedly the highlight."
"A generously proportioned and recently fully modernised 2 bedroom detached bungalow in popular non-estate location. The property benefits from full gas central heating, UPVC double glazing, rewired, cavity wall insulation and remodelled kitchen & shower room. The spacious accommodation features ..."
Stunning Four Bedroom Semi-Detached Family Home Based In LE3!
"***SIMPLY STUNNING*** Haart Leicester are pleased to welcome to the market this stunning Bungalow situated in Thurmaston. Presented in immaculate condition throughout this wonderful property benefits from ample off road parking, a detached single garage and a beautiful rear garden"
We take great pleasure in offering for sale this beautifully presented spacious two double bedroom Duplex apartment forming part of this magnificent converted Grade II listed School House standing in fabulous landscaped gardens incorporating parking and garage situated in the heart of the soug...
"An ATTRACTIVE traditional DETACHED home retaining much of its ORIGINAL CHARACTER with various PERIOD FEATURES and provides well proportioned accommodation. Avail with NO CHAIN and potential for alteration or extension, sub to consent."
Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this well presented and nicely proportioned THREE BEDROOM TRADITIONAL SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME having the potential to extend (STPP) being located within the popular Thurnby Lodge area of Leicester LE5.  The property is close to school...
Positioned on an enviable corner plot within the sought after South Leicestershire village of Blaby is this Jelson built three bedroom detached home
"Extended to the rear and offered with no upward chain, fall in love with this traditional three bedroom semi detached property perfect for growing families. Benefiting from gas central heating, the accommodation offers period features combined with a contemporary finish throughout with the layout..."
"Deceptively spacious mid terrace with a great deal of potential. The accommodation consists of a ground floor and four stories providing 5 bedrooms, a bathroom and shower room. Outside has a courtyard to rear."
"Spencers is delighted to present this three bed semi-detached Dormer Bungalow, located in the charming and very desired area of Syston. This property not only benefits from being subject to pristine refurbishment throughout the property but also to the rear at the end of the garden in a detached ..."
Spencers are delighted to offer a unique opportunity to own this converted three self-contained apartments. The home is currently being rented as three separate flats as a freehold making it perfect for investors. The apartments will be sold as one and fully tenanted. In brief the gro...
"A particularly spacious 3 bedroom detached bungalow on a good sized corner plot and well set back from the road. The property benefits from full gas central heating, UPVC double glazing, upgraded electrical consumer unit, modern kitchen and bathroom. the accommodation briefly comprises of porch, ..."
"MODERN DETACHED HOME - Enjoy life in this modern three-bedroom detached home, ideally located in this desired part of Blaby. Benefitting from an en-suite to the master bedroom, a garage & driveway for off-road parking, it's perfect for a young family."
"Built in the 1960's this truly delightful two bedroom detached bungalow is situated on a fabulous plot, with lots of potential for the new owner to extend up into the loft or garage if desired. Step through the front door into the porch with another door into the entrance hall. This is an amazin..."
"**Recently Renovated** This three bedroom property has recently had complete renovation throughout, creating a very well presented and modern family home. Situated on a large plot this property has heaps of potential for future growth via extension work. There is a large open plan living space m..."
"A semi-detached property with driveway, garage and spacious garden ideal as a family home. Local bus stops provide public transport access into the town centre. Entering into the hallway the property comprises a dining room, kitchen, large lounge, three bedrooms and a bathroom upstairs."
"A lovely SPACIOUS family home enjoying a GOOD SIZE mature rear garden. Benefitting from a lounge, BREAKFAST KITCHEN and FOUR BEDROOMS. Close to popular schooling. OPEN TO OFFERS & NO UPWARD CHAIN."
"William H Brown are delighted to present for sale this three bedroom semi-detached property available on the very popular street of Severn Road in Oadby. We believe the property would make an ideal first time buy, investment or family home. Call us now to arrange a viewing!!!!!!"
"William H Brown are delighted to present for sale this spacious three-bedroom semi-detached family home, located in the desirable area of Evington, Leicester. Contact us now for an exclusive viewing tour!"
A modern THREE BEDROOM semi-detached family home in the popular residential suburb of OADBY.
"Offered to the market with no upward chain, fall in love with this three bedroom detached bungalow occupying a convenient position within the heart of this popular south Leicestershire village. The gas centrally heated accommodation in more detail briefly comprises of an entrance hall, lounge din..."
"An extremely well presented four bedroom detached property set over three floors in a fantastic, private, family-friendly location. With a larger than average driveway and frontage, this property is hard to miss and does have curb-appeal in abundance. You will easily fit 2/3 vehicles ..."
"Quality doesn't have to be complicated. Sometimes, the simplest things have an undeniable elegance and charm, as you'll discover in the beautifully laid out Letchworth. Simple lines make the most of the space, while inspired designs let the life and light flow freely through the heart of ..."
"SAVE £6,985 ON UPGRADES | Part Exchange available! |  DETACHED 3 bedroom home, DUAL ASPECT lounge, open plan UPGRADED kitchen with FRENCH DOORS to the garden. FLOORING INCLUDED. EN SUITE main bedroom, further double bedroom, single bedroom & UPGRADED family bathroom. 2 parking spaces.
Plot 301 | ..."
"Newton Fallowell Oadby are pleased to offer For Sale this THREE BEDROOM TRADITIONAL SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME occupying a generous size plot within a quiet cul-de-sac position close to Evington, Leicester LE5.  The property is located close to well regarded schools with shops and amenitie..."
"Brand new to the Birstall property market is this delightful, two-bedroom bungalow, located on the highly desirable Ambergate Drive. With spacious rooms, a light-filled conservatory overlooking the garden, driveway parking and a large garage/workshop to suit your needs, this property is not (cont.)"
"A stunning three bedroom detached home nestled at the top of a private driveway located in the popular area of Whetstone. Presented to show home standard throughout, viewing is essential to appreciate the quality of accommodation on offer which includes a fabulous living kitchen with central i..."
"Offered for sale with the benefit of no onward chain, this traditional three bedroom semi detached house is located on a sought after road within Birstall. The property is sure to appeal to families looking to purchase a well proportioned family home to update and put their own mark on. With a po..."
"A substantially extended four bedroom semi detached house offered for sale in excellent decorative order and with spacious accommodation that is sure to appeal to growing families. There is a large entrance hall, well proportioned lounge, separate dining room/sitting room, kitchen with adjacent s..."
Kings are delighted to offer for sale this superb three bedroom semi-detached home on The Roundway in the popular area of Thurmaston in Leicester. Call Kings to arrange a viewing.
"3 bedroom detached bungalow for sale, in this prime location with easy access to motorways and Fosse Park shopping area. The property has recently been completely modernised throughout, comprising of three bedrooms, living room, kitchen diner, a conservatory to the rear and a separate summer hous..."
"Are you looking for something ready to move in to in the Abbey Lane area of LE4? Don't miss out on this recently refurbished three bedroom semi-detached home with so much potential! Entering into a porch and entrance hallway, downstairs accommodation also includes a large, open plan, living and ..."
"Enjoying the use of an extension to the rear, this three bedroom semi detached home would make a fabulous starter home being conveniently positioned for major road links or family home being situated within walking distance of local schools. Benefiting from gas central heating and double glazing ..."
"***NO CHAIN!! INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** REQUIRES UPGRADING This 3 Bedroom Terraced house is located in the sought after area of HIGHFIELDS close to schools and local amenities. In brief the property comprises of 3 Bedrooms, Lounge, Reception Room, Kitchen/Diner and Upstairs Sho..."
"Your-Move Blaby are proud to bring to market this beautiful 3 bedroom semi detached property on Masefield Avenue, Enderby. The property has been extremely well cared for and the current vendor has owned the property for an extensive amount of time. You will walk in to a hal..."
"EXECUTIVE TOWN HOUSE - Enjoy the modern accommodation on offer across three stories within this stunning generously sized three-bedroom Davidsons Town House, ideally located in the desired community of New Lubbesthorpe."
"Superb four bedroom end-terrace home in North Evington, Leicester. Accommodation offers two reception rooms, kitchen, four bedrooms and two bathrooms, making it the perfect family home. The property is located nearby amenities, schools and road links."
"Hunters are delighted to offer this well presented and spacious semi-detached family home. The property is situated on the popular Little Hill Estate within Wigston and is close by to local shops, schools and amenities with good public transport links. Internally the family home comprises of ..."
This Four bedroom mid-terraced town house located in the city centre comes with three bathrooms of which one is an en-suite. The property also comes with two reception rooms. Kitchen/dinner to basement level. There is a rear garden and on street permit parking. 
"This is a very well presented, three bedroom semi detached house set within the 'Gates' area of Birstall. This home boasts a generous corner plot which offers significant scope to extend to the side and rear (STPP). Internally the original layout offers a lounge diner, kitchen, hallway and storm..."
"Discreetly positioned to the heart of leafy Stoneygate is a beautifully appointed and generously proportioned (1025sq ft) two double bedroom top floor apartment presented in a light and contemporary manner offered with no forward chain, stunning communal gardens and allocated parking."
"Kings are delighted to offer for sale this new three bedroom house in Oadby, Leicester. Call Kings on to arranage a viewing."
"NO CHAIN! A deceptively spacious, and very well presented detached three bedroomed family home in a sought after location! The flexible accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance hallway, Large 'L' shaped living / dining room, Breakfast kitchen, Ground floor bedrooms and a W.c. To the first floor ..."
"The Tailor is an attractive 3-bedroom family home, with OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN AND DINING area, FRONT-FACING living room, ELEGANT FRENCH DOORS onto enclosed rear garden, EN SUITE to master bedroom. Completed by a SINGLE GARAGE."
"Located close to the centre of this highly favourable village upon a cul de sac position comes offered for sale this very well presented and spacious two bedroom detached bungalow. The property is entered via an Entrance Porch then onto an Entrance Hall, Living Room, Kitchen through to Lounge are..."
"A beautifully presented and very spacious TWO DOUBLE BEDOOM retirement apartment, with direct PATIO access from both the living room and principle bedroom. Further benefitting from a DUAL ASPECT lounge, WALK-IN WARDROBE and ENSUITE to bedroom one, and built in wardrobes to bedroom two."
"Presented in simply stunning condition throughout this modern town house is now available for sale on Hallaton Drive which is situated in the ever sought after Charnwood town of Syston. The property is arranged over three levels and the ground floor comprises entrance hallway, bedroom, en-suite, ..."
"A spacious and well presented three bedroom semi detached family home offering potential for extension (stpp) situated on the ever popular ""gates"" development within the favoured North Leicestershire village of Birstall. Benefits include a three car driveway, car port, garage and south facing garden"
"This beautiful home is a well presented 3 Bedroom town house spread over 3 floors. This home is situated on Abbey Park Road, just opposite Abbey Park. Guide price £315,000 - £320,000. Call us now to arrange a viewing"
Well maintained extended three/four bedroom semi detached home set in the heart of this popular residential development situated in the highly sought after Leicestershire village with the highly rated Brookvale Learning Campus. The well planned centrally heated and double glazed accommodation ...
"An attractive period family home situated close to Blaby village centre offering charm and character in abundance. Having spacious accommodation throughout as well as a generous sized rear garden, this property is ready for a new owner to put their stamp on it. Early viewing is highly recommen..."
"***NO UPWARD CHAIN***Purple Bricks are proud to present this three bedroom semi-detached property. Situated in the popular town of Oadby, Leicester, making for an ideal first time purchase, investment or the perfect family home. The property is within a few minutes walk of the local health centr..."
"Perfectly positioned within short walking distance of Merton Primary School, this extended four bedroom semi detached property has been occupied by the same owners in over 40 years and is ideal for a growing family in search of their forever home. The gas centrally heated layout includes an entra..."
"A stunning, extended home with three double bedrooms and main Ensuite. This home is spacious and offers ample living space. Upon entry there is an entrance hall with stairs off, leading to the spacious Living room with feature fireplace and bay window. Through to the open plan and extended Kit..."
"SHOW HOME STANDARD - Prepare for the 'Wow Factor' from start to finish within this immaculate, vastly upgraded two-bedroom detached bungalow. Offered to the market with no onward chain, the property can be found in the heart of the highly desired village of Glenfield."
