Summary
"A two bedroomed ground floor apartment positioned in this popular Uphill location just off Burton Road. The property has internal accommodation to comprise of Communal Entrance Hall, Inner Hallway leading to two Bedrooms, Bathroom and an Open Plan Kitchen Diner with Lounge Area and double doors t..."
"A rare and exciting opportunity to purchase The Dower House, Canwick, Lincoln. The Dower House today has been occupied by the current owner since 1999 who has over the years acquired all of the apartments. The house has been extensively refurbished to the highest standard retaining the original c..."
"11 APARTMENTS FOR SALE - IDYLLIC WATERSIDE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY One The Brayford consists of 100 apartments and is located close to The Hilton, Holiday Inn and many restaurants on the Brayford Pool. Six of the 11 apartments benefit from water views and there is a restricti..."
"An opportunity to acquire this mixed commercial and residential investment property situated on the High Street, a short distance from the main city centre. The property comprises 3 shops and 5 flats; all fully let. The property has potential for redevelopment to the rear into an additional 12 fl..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - An impressive semi-detached family residence located in this prime Uphill area of Lincoln and close to the Bailgate and Cathedral Quarter, as well as Lincoln City Centre. The property is set back from the road on an elevated plot, with a driveway providing ample off road parkin..."
"An extremely spacious apartment in the historic Bailgate area of Lincoln, in a highly desirable newly renovated development."
"GUIDE PRICE: £850,000 - £900,000 One of the most prominent residences in the Cathedral Quarter, this stunning home has been meticulously renovated and modernised by the current owners to create a fine home just meters from the stunning Lincoln Cathedral. NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** This spacious nine bedroom, seven bathroom property is a fantastic investment opportunity and boasts a prime location, being situated in Lincoln City Centre with access to a vast range of local amenities. Early, internal viewing is strongly recommended to avoid disappointment."
A contemporary and substantial two bedroom home with stunning views over Uphill Lincoln.
"An outstanding four storey five bedroom townhouse, occupying a prime residential location within the heart of Lincoln's famous Bailgate quarter. This early 18th Century Grade II Listed home is tastefully decorated throughout whilst offering a wealth of charm and character. The propert..."
A handsome four-bedroom Victorian home in a prime Lincoln setting with a view of the cathedral
"INDIVIDUAL ARCHITECT DESIGNED HOME - APPROX 3400 SQ FT - 5/6 BEDROOMS - 4 BATHROOMS - AMAZING VIEWS - PRIME CITY LOCATION - WALKING DISTANCE TO CATHEDRAL, CASTLE AND BAILGATE - SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION OVER THREE FLOORS - STUNNING 38'10 OPEN PLAN LIVING AREA - FEATURE OAK STAIRCASE WITH GLASS BALUS..."
"* 360 TOUR ONLINE AND PHYSICAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE * Situated in the Conservation Area of the Uphill part of Lincoln, directly neighbouring Bishops Palace and Cathedral this End Town House dating back to the 1850s enjoys elevated views over the city. "
"NEW PRICE! An outstanding and very substantial family residence (GIFA 4,100 sq.ft./381 m2 sts), being the largest of the Colosseum properties currently on the market, located in premium uphill Lincoln opposite Bishop Grosseteste University only a short very pleasant 0.5 mile walk from the histori..."
"An impressive gated development arranged in a classical Georgian style crescent with six bedrooms, parking, garden and garage in a private cobbled street."
"An excellent detached family home situated in this particularly sought after location within the Uphill area of Lincoln and positioned on the corner of Mainwaring Road and Lea Road. The spacious and well presented living accommodation briefly comprises of Main Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room ..."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS! Currently let and achieving circa £56,000 per annum this prestigious town house offers accommodation over four floors and approaching 3000 square feet."
"2,900 sq ft! 5 BEDROOMS & 4 BATHROOMS! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this substinal residence located within this ever popular residential location and positioned only a short stroll away from Hartsholme country park. Accommodation benefits from gas central heating, uPVC double ..."
"A beautiful, detached family home, with planning permission granted for the construction of an additional detached garage and garden store. White Arches is a beautiful Art Deco style home, ideally positioned upon a generous corner plot in a sought-after residential area of Lincoln, cl..."
"***DREAM FAMILY HOME*** Constructed by renowned local builders, Riva in 2007 this EXECUTIVE FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM detached family home is presented to an impeccable standard and benefits from HIGH SPECIFICATION fixture and fittings throughout. SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN WITH OWNED SOLAR PANELS!! Linc..."
"Former Gospel Hall, Long Leys Road, Lincoln LN1 1EQ
Guide Price: £650,000"
"This executive residence was completed in 2016 and finished with high specification fixtures and presented with immaculate contemporary interiors throughout. Over 3 floors, the property measures approximately 3,000 sq. ft. of elegant living accommodation which includes 5 bedrooms and 4 bathrooms...."
"The Post House is an impressive Detached Residence, pleasantly situated within the highly desirable 'Uphill' area of Lincoln. The property is within a short walk of Lincoln County Hospital, The famous Lincoln Cathedral and the attractions of the Bailgate, as well as excellent Schooling such as Li..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £625,000 - £650,000*** A rare opportunity to buy a bungalow on Hall Drive in Canwick with the best views over Lincoln city and Cathedral. This could be purchased and renovated throughout or it could be a development project. There are so many options with thi..."
A rare development land opportunity in a sought after location. The land comprises two building plots with planning permission for a pair of 4-storey semi-detached houses with garaging. We believe that there is the potential for one larger dwelling (subject to planning permission) and ...
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A detached bungalow located in this popular and established residential area to the South of Lincoln. The property is situated in a pleasant corner position with gardens to the front, side and rear. The internal accommodation briefly comprises of Entrance Porch, Lounge Diner, ..."
"This absolutely stunning ground floor apartment enjoys a riverside location just a short walk from Lincoln’s lively City Centre, a fantastic opportunity for a first time buyer or young professional who is looking for a low maintenance home they can lock up and leave anytime. NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"Spacious Executive Detached Home located in the sought after residential area of North Hykeham close to excellent local amenities and Schooling. This extensive property boast spacious and well maintained living accommodation, briefly comprising; Entrance Hallway, Home Office, Living R..."
"This wonderful and individually designed 5 bedroom home, that not only comes with a 1/2 acre paddock but also beautiful countywide views, right on your doorstep. Check out our presenter led tour and buyers guide for this home.
"
"** IMMACULATE, EXECUTIVE DETACHED HOME IN PRIME LOCATION ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented and spacious 4 bedroom detached family home which is located in the popular residential area of North Hykeham. Internally the property (cont.)"
Full Planning For 18 Residential Dwellings - Land for sale within Lincoln City in an area with a new hive of activity. The land fronts Boultham Park Road and is situated on the old Victory Public House site. The land has Full Planning Permission granted under Application Number: 2022/0352/FUL. Th...
"GUIDE PRICE £575,000 - £600,000 Purplebricks are delighted to offer to the market this exclusive, luxury family home situated off Station Road, Waddington. Being built with the usual charm and character of the well renowned local developer, there is a light and spacious flow throughout the hous..."
"A beautiful detached family home extending to approximately 2,800sqft with stunning open field views. Daleview Meadows is pleasantly situated along a private lane with direct access to open countryside, whilst further benefiting from being within a short walking distance to the excelle..."
"A spacious Detached Bungalow situated in a particular sought-after Uphill position within a quiet cul-de-sac located just off Lee Road. The property is within close proximity to Lincoln Cathedral, the Bailgate and Cathedral Quarter. The well-presented and spacious living accommodation briefly com..."
"An extensive family home enjoying an established plot of approximately 1/3 acre. Measuring over 2,000 sq. ft. of accommodation, the property boasts 4 double bedrooms, 3 reception rooms and 2 bathrooms. There is a 23ft1 lounge with dual aspect windows, dining room, conservatory, family room, utili..."
"A fantastic individual detached family home situated on Brant Road and with easy access to Lincoln City Centre. The property was designed and built to a high specification by the current owners, boasting an impressive Open Plan Living Dining Kitchen with bi-fold leading to the rear garden. This..."
"** GORGEOUS INDIVIDUALLY BUILT AND DESIGNED FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE ON EXTENSIVE PLOT ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented, spacious and individually built and designed four bedroom detached house on Station Road, in the ever popular area (cont.)"
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND F We are delighted to offer to the market this stunning 5-bedroom detached house on Leys Close in North Hykeham. The property presents a well-adapted layout, offering spacious and comfortable accommodation throughout, making it an ideal ..."
"NEW BUILD!! A spacious detached chalet bungalow, in the heart of this small development of high quality homes, built by Robert Howell Construction Services, developers of high quality homes in both Lincolnshire and Yorkshire. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, sitting room, stunning living..."
Residential Development Site For Sale - We are pleased to offer for sale this exciting residential development opportunity situated on the southern fringe of Lincoln City Centre and having the benefit of Full Planning Consent for the construction of 9 three-storey three bedroomed townhouses with ...
"85 MONKS ROAD, LINCOLN, LN2 5HR
11 EN-SUITE BEDROOM HMO INVESTMENT
PRICE: £525,000 FREEHOLD"
"This is a beautiful example of a larger than average, extended and completely refurbished four bedroomed detached family home, positioned in a sought after location to the North of the City of Lincoln. The property offers modern and stylish living accommodation to comprise of Entrance Porch, bay..."
"This is an immaculately presented and extended three bedroomed detached bungalow located in a prime uphill location and being close to the Cathedral Quarter and Bailgate Area. The property has living accommodation to comprise of Entrance Porch, Inner Hallway, three Bedrooms, En-Suite and Dressing..."
"Welcome to East Village, North Hykeham by locally renowned developer Tennyson Homes."
Spacious detached bungalow - Situated on a large & elevated plot approx 0.25 acre - Highly desirable residential crescent - Undergone a full scheme of renovation & refurbishment - 25ft Kitchen / Dining Room with recently fitted Katie Brown Kitchen
"Built in 2021 by Tennyson Homes, this modern family home has been tastefully decorated and upgraded by it's current owners. Situated on the entrance to the new East Village development, the property benefits from a private gated driveway and 6ft stone walls for ultimate plot privacy.h"
"Sought after location with woodland/lake side views - Around 2,083 sq ft of flexible accommodation - Nestling in around 0.24 of an acre plot - Small copse of woodland as part of rear garden - Great roads links to and away from Lincoln - No onward chain"
"An opportunity to aquire a development site in uphill Lincoln which has planning permission for development. The property has planning for the erection of 2 two-storey buildings to accommodate 4 flats, erection of a single storey building to accommodate 1 flat with associated car parki..."
"This impressive property was formerly The Fircroft Hotel and is two properties knocked into one. It offers a purchaser a multitude of options such as converting to flats, separating to two dwellings or simply enjoying on residence which is circa 5000 square foot. For sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"An opportunity to acquire a development site in uphill Lincoln which has planning permission for development. The property has planning for the erection of 2 two-storey buildings to accommodate 4 flats, erection of a single storey building to accommodate 1 flat with associated car..."
"Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this semi-detached property which is located in a pleasant cul-de-sac position and offers excellent potential to improve and further extend. Having had one owner since new. Accommodation briefly comprises entrance hallway, ground floor bathroom, 22f..."
"THIS HOME HAS IT ALL! Watch the video tour with commentary to fully appreciate the versatile and well presented, spacious accommodation of this family home which also has a garden office and gym which is within walking distance of the West Common."
This is a rare opportunity to purchase a four bedroomed Victorian semi-detached house with a potential development opportunity of two building plots to the rear. A Pre-Planning Application was made which had a positive outcome and a subsequent formal Planning Application will submitted in Januar...
**PRIVATE SALE** Crofts estate agents are delighted to offer for sale this absolutely superb detached privately owned lodge which is located on the ever popular Tattershall lakes holiday resort. Being a truly unique property with this having full residency meaning you can stay here 52 weeks of ...
"YOU CAN HAVE IT ALL. This period family home has adaptable living accommodation with something extra by way of the open plan kitchen living space, conservatory, garden room & home office. Watch the video tour"
"This superb detached family home is located in the sought after Forest Park area of Lincoln, enjoying a quiet location but easy access to a wealth of amenities, schools, transport links and much more. A picture perfect home ready to just move into with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"An opportunity to acquire an imposing 11 bedroom student investment property adjacent to Lincoln University Technical College. Fully let with a current rent of £55,000 pa excl"
"A truly stunning detached executive family home positioned in this prime location of Forest Park, close to the historic Cathedral and University City of Lincoln. The property has spacious and immaculately presented living accommodation throughout to comprise of Reception Hallway, Large L-shaped..."
"Burnett & Lee are bringing this considerable 9 bed `Suis Generis` HMO. With 9 Bedrooms (5 of which are en suite), two Kitchens, New boiler and heating system, pantry area, communal lounge. Parking for 7 vehicles approximately. This investment opportunity delivers 50K plus incomes a year."
"A fantastically designed family home located on the popular and highly sought-after St. George's Development which is within easy reach of a range of highly reputable schools, improving transport links and other amenities including the west common. The accommodation has been improved t..."
"A spacious four bed detached family home enjoying a non estate position within North Hykeham. The property has accommodation comprising; entrance hallway, downstairs W.C, utility room, kitchen/diner, lounge, sitting room/office, games room, and conservatory. To the first floor are four bedrooms,..."
A beautifully presented three storey mid terraced house situated in the heart of the Lincoln Bailgate and being close to the Cathedral Quarter and famous Steep Hill. This impressive period property boasts many original features and has spacious and well presented living accommodation which brief...
"Starkey&Brown are delighted to represent this stunning lakeside residence situated 10 minutes drive from Lincoln city centre. The homes comes with a stunning garden which boasts a beautiful lakeside setting, whilst other external qualities includes a double garage and driveway parking. The groun..."
"A stunning four double bed extended detached family home finished to a high standard throughout, in a sought after location on Doddington Road. With accommodation including; extension to create open plan living, fully rendered to all sides, uPVC double glazed windows throughout, high specificati..."
"This is a larger than average, non-estate detached family home located in the popular village of Waddington, which gives easy access to a wide range of local facilities and schooling. The internal accommodation briefly comprises of Reception Hallway, Inner Hallway, WC, Sitting Room, Study, Loung..."
"#NO ONWARD CHAIN#
A spacious, extended detached family home positioned in this prime location of Forest Park, close to the historic Cathedral and University City of Lincoln, enjoying stunning open aspect field views to the rear including views of Lincoln Cathedral. The property has spacious and ..."
"Located on an exclusive development just South of Lincoln's lively City Centre, this superb detached home is ideal for the growing family. Available to purchase with NO ONWARD CHAIN, early viewing is advised"
Located within easy walk of the Uphill area and enjoying elevated views over the city this semi detached house has been enhanced with a two storey extension to the rear.
"A rare opportunity to purchase this large mid-terraced house which has been converted into four self-contained flats. The flats are over three storeys, to the ground floor there are two 1 bedroom flats, a luxury 2 bedroom flat to the first floor which has just been completely renovated to a high ..."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS! £45,384 per annum HMO LICENCED PROPERTY - EIGHT BEDROOM ALL EN SUITE "
"An amazing opportunity to take ownership of a captivating detached home with plenty of very distinctive features, in a move-in-ready condition. With five bedrooms, three bathrooms and three reception rooms, all beautifully appointed - this property truly is a dream home.
"
*ONLINE 360 TOUR AND PHYSICAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE* Immaculately presented and finished to a very high specification throughout this four bedroom detached house
"A beautiful character home, located in a prime uphill area of Lincoln. This bay fronted end of terrace property has been sympathetically renovated to high standard throughout, creating an excellent space of contemporary modern living whilst retaining a warm homely feel. The Entran..."
Dating back to the 19th century is this semi detached home boasting accommodation over 3 floors and a sizeable basement. The property enjoys south common views and has a large rear garden with potential to develop the land subject to the appropriate planning permission being granted. Internally t...
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A two bedroomed mid-terraced house situated just off Brant Road, to the South of the City of Lincoln and having easy access to Lincoln City Centre and North Hykeham. Internally, the property has living accommodation to briefly comprise of Porch, Hallway, Kitchen, Lounge and Firs..."
"An excellent semi-detached chalet bungalow situated in this prime Uphill location just off Queensway. The property has been updated and has undergone a comprehensive scheme of refurbishment by the current owner and offers spacious living accommodation to briefly comprise of Entrance Hall, approx...."
"**NEW BUILD HOME AVAILABLE NOW** Beautiful individual new build home, built in Brick with slate roof tiling, heritage style hardwood windows and Double Garage. This spacious and extremely well finished new build home offers light and spacious living accommodation briefly comprising, E..."
"**NEW BUILD HOME AVAILABLE NOW** A beautiful individual new build home, built in Brick with slate roof tiling, heritage style hardwood windows and Double Garage. This spacious and extremely well finished new build home offers light and spacious living accommodation briefly comprising,..."
"Extended six bedroom detached home situated in a cul-de-sac within the ever popular North Hykeham area. Internally comprising of an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen with day room/diner, utility & WC. Six bedrooms, master with ensuite and a family bathroom. double garage, driveway parking and ga..."
FOUR BEDROOMS / EXECUTIVE FAMILY HOME / DOUBLE GARAGE & DRIVEWAY / ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN / POPULAR LOCATION / MODERN THROUGHOUT  
*** A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED AND EXTREMELY LARGE HOME BEING PERFECT FOR ALL THE FAMILY *** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this IMMACULATE 4 bedroom detached executive home which is modern throughout and offers FANTASTIC living space to suit a large family. 
"A well presented four bedroom family home situated in a highly sought after village location, enjoying front and rear gardens, ample off road parking, double garage and local access to a wide range of amenities. Call now to arrange a viewing!"
"4 bedroom detached family home comprises of 3 reception rooms, 2 bathrooms, conservatory, and utility room. Being within walking distance of the Ofsted rated 'Outstanding' LSST Priory Senior School. Outside the property benefits from gardens to the front and rear, the driveway provides ample off ..."
"This is a beautiful example of an immaculate detached family home positioned within a private stone walled modern development. The property has been greatly improved by the current owners and offers modern, stylish contemporary living accommodation. Call today to view"
"Pygott & Crone are proud to present this spacious & executive detached family home which is ideally situated within the ever-popular residential area of Boultham Park. The well maintained internal accommodation comprises: welcoming Entrance Hallway, Lounge, Kitchen, Pantry, Ut..."
"* * OPEN HOUSE BETWEEN 11AM - 12PM SATURDAY 15TH APRIL 2023 * * Call to register your interest!! Detached House situated in a cul de sac position within easy access of the city centre, walking distance of LSST Priory School and South Common."
***SUBSTANTIAL DETACHED FAMILY HOME*** Offering fantastic floor space is this well presented four bedroom detached family home which is positioned down a quiet cul-de-sac in the ever popular village location of Bracebridge Heath. North Kesteven District Council-Band E.
"This spacious 1930's 3 bedroom detached property is currently undergoing a full scheme of refurbishment, being extended and remodelled to create the perfect family bungalow. The property is situated in the ever popular area of North Hykeham. The property is further..."
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** This spacious four bedroom, three bathroom property boasts a prime location, being situated in Lincoln's uphill Cathedral Quarter with access to a vast range of local amenities. Early, internal viewing is strongly recommended to avoid disappointment."
"This absolutely stunning four bedroom detached house enjoys a non estate position on Brant Road, sitting pretty in a fantastic sized plot this is a perfect upsize opportunity for the growing family. Do not miss your opportunity to view"
An impressive and modern three bedroomed middle town house situated in a pleasant secluded position within the heart of the historic Cathedral City of Lincoln and enjoying a private gated residence. The property has spacious living accommodation with excellent views and an abundance of natural li...
"*** SITUATED ON A FANTASTIC PLOT WITH A LARGE DETACHED BARN AND FURTHER OUTBUILDINGS *** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £425,000 Kinetic Estate Agents are excited to offer for sale with NO CHAIN this Beautiful 4 Bedroom Detached Cottage situated off School Lane, North Hykeham. The propert (cont.)"
***SPECTACULAR PENTHOUSE APARTMENT WITH PANORAMIC VIEWS & THREE ENSUITES*** Offering approximately 1400 sqft of pristine accommodation is this executive 9th floor penthouse apartment which boasts jaw dropping skyline scenery of Lincoln. Lincoln City District Council-Band F.
"**Guide Price £400,000 - £425,000** This spacious detached family home is located in the highly desirable Bracebridge Heath area of Lincoln close to shops, supermarkets, excellent schooling and much more. NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"A beautifully presented four bed detached family home, situated on Euston Close, within the desirable location of Forest Park. The current sellers have recently upgraded the property to include new kitchen, new en-suite, new carpets, gas combi boiler, and radiators all completed in 2021."
"Guide Price £400,000 - £425000 Situated in a cul de sac position is this Detached Family Home offering Four Double Bedrooms and Double Garage within the popular village of Bracebridge Heath. The property offers spacious and well presented accommodation throughout comprising, to the ground floor..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000 - SELLERS OPEN TO SERIOUS OFFERS"
"Purplebricks are delighted to offer for sale this fine example of an executive four bedroom detached family home, situated in the very popular and sought after location of Bracebridge Heath which lies South of the historic Cathedral and University City of Lincoln. The property is conveniently po..."
"GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £250,000 Enjoying a premium location in the heart of Lincoln City Centre, this beautifully presented character property is the ideal home for the young professional who wants everything on their doorstep. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, viewing is highly recommended"
"An opportunity to acquire a substantial 8 bedroom student investment property, 0.5 miles from Lincoln University City Campus. Let with a current rent of £36,000 pa excl (scope to increase upon conversion). Planning for conversion of ground floor to 1 x 2 bed flat & a 1 bed flat."
"EXTENDED & BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FAMILY HOME! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this deceptively spacious extended detached family home located in a pleasant cul-de-sac position within the ever popular Carlton Centre area of Lincoln, within walking distance of a wide variety of exce..."
"A fine, 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom bijou property in a STUNNING LOCATION with 4 parking spaces, a separate, SELF CONTAINED ANNEX in the garden (curently producing £750pcm) stands in a quiet street of an award-winning 1980s residential development beside the Fossdyke canal within a 10 minute walk..."
A unique opportunity to purchase this spacious four bedroomed detached bungalow on a corner plot with an impressive detached pool house extension to the rear of the garage offering a high specification swimming pool area with a shower room/changing room and two sets of double doors overlooking th...
"** EXTENSIVE, SPACIOUS AND EXTENDED DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN PRIME NORTH HYKEHAM LOCATION ** ** OFFERS OVER £390,000 ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented and spacious four bedroom detached family home on Newark Road in a prime location (cont.)"
***TRADITIONAL BAY FRONTED SEMI-DETACHED WITH INCREDIBLE EXTENSION*** PRIME UPHILL LOCATION! This simply stunning three bedroom period home has been extended and improved to offer an incredible opportunity for families to move up the property ladder. LINCOLN CITY COUNCIL-BAND C.
"***GUIDE PRICE £390,000 - £400,000*** A stunning four bedroom detached family home with driveway and garage. Accommodation comprises entrance hall, spacious lounge with feature fire place, kitchen diner with integrated AEG applicances and French doors onto the garden. There..."
"A individual Four Bedroom Detached Bungalow occupying a generous plot within this popular residential location. Internally, the accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Conservatory, Utility, WC, Bathroom and Four Bedrooms. Its also worth noting th..."
***LUXURIOUS TOP FLOOR PENTHOUSE APARTMENT WITH UNDERFLOOR HEATING*** Enjoy stylish City Centre living with this spacious penthouse apartment which benefits from three bedrooms & three ensuites and stunning panoramic views of Lincoln. Lincoln City District Council-Band F.
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - This is a three bedroomed, larger than average, mid-terraced cottage of character located in the prime village location of Canwick, just off Hall Drive. The property is approached via a shared driveway which gives access to the property's off road parking for two vehicles and D..."
†Home Exchange is available on selected homes only. Acceptance is at our sole discretion and not all properties are suitable. We reserve the right to refuse to agree to Home Exchange of your current home and we are under no obligation to give reasons why. Home Exchange ...
"Apartment 607, a Luxury Sixth Floor, Penthouse Apartment, with two parking spaces is located in One The Brayford which boasts elevated views over The Brayford Marina and City of Lincoln. Upon entering One The Brayford you are greeted by a Concierge in the stunning reception area wher..."
"This is a beautiful and well presented four bedroomed detached family home positioned in the sought after location of North Hykeham, to the South of the City of Lincoln. The property has been improved by the current owners and offers living accommodation to comprise of Inner Hallway, bay fronted..."
Situated in a cul de sac position within the sought after village of Waddington is this Four/Five Bedroom Detached Home offering modern accommodation throughout. The property boasts flexible and spacious living accommodation and is truly a property not to be missed. Call today to view.
"***EXTENDED AND IMPECCABLY PRESENTED FAMILY HOME PRESENTED TO THE HIGHEST OF STANDARDS*** This impeccably presented circa 2,500sqft, 5/6 bedroom property would make a superb family home. With 5 double bedrooms, two bathrooms, impeccable high-spec kitchen-diner and a wealth of living space this ho..."
"£250 A Month Mortgage Contribution And Flooring, call to find out more...
The Knightley - a flexible home with space for your family to grow.
On entering this impressive, double fronted home, you are met with a spacious hallway space that feeds to the right into a spacious family ro..."
"£250 A Month Mortgage Contribution And Flooring, call to find out more...The Knightley - a flexible home with space for your family to grow.
On entering this impressive, double fronted home, you are met with a spacious hallway space that feeds to the right into a spacious family room..."
"£200 A Month Mortgage Contribution And Flooring, call to find out more...
The Knightley - a flexible home with space for your family to grow.
On entering this impressive, double fronted home, you are met with a spacious hallway space that feeds to the right into a spacious family ro..."
"** GORGEOUS, WELL PRESENTED AND SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE WITH LARGE ATTIC SPACE ** ** OFFERS OVER £375000 ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented and spacious FOUR bedroom terraced house on Albert Crescent in the ever popular W (cont.)"
"A modern detached family home enjoying a large than average corner plot position within the highly sought-after location of North Hykeham. The property offers spacious and immaculately presented living accommodation throughout comprising entrance hall, bay fronted living room with double doors i..."
This contemporary three-bedroom home in the heart of uphill Lincoln is not one to be missed.
"A wonderful opportunity to purchase on the highly sought after Stonefield Avenue close to the historic Bailgate quarter of the City. With planning granted for extension and remodelling, this spacious detached property gives a fantastic opportunity to create a wonderful family home on one of the m..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000*** Bairstow Eves are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully renovated three bedroom detached bungalow benefitting from a corner position, wrap around plot and a double garage with electric roller door. Property comprises, ..."
"City Centre Penthouse, No Onward Chain, Two Bedrooms, 23ft Lounge Diner, Two Balconies."
"A well presented detached bungalow situated within this popular residential location to the South of Lincoln. The internal accommodation briefly comprises of Main Entrance Hall, Lounge, Conservatory, Dining Room, Fitted Kitchen, Utility Room, Separate WC, three Bedrooms, En-Suite to the Principa..."
"A fantastic semi detached Victorian villa, in an excellent area with accommodation comprising: Three Bedrooms, Family Bathroom, Kitchen Breakfast Room, Lounge and Conservatory. Front and rear gardens including an outside entertaining area and garage."
"Student Housing Lincoln are pleased to offer this excellent investment opportunity at 13 Albert Crescent, Lincoln. The property is fully let for both the 22/23 and 23/24 academic year generating £40,035 gross rent for the 23/24 academic year representing a 10.67% gross rental yield."
"This spacious detached family home built in 2016 by David Wilson homes, having one occupier since built, boasts 4 spacious bedrooms and 2 bathrooms. Ground floor accommodation comprises a bay fronted lounge, study area measuring 11'9"" x 10'8"" and an open plan kitchen diner with a stylish fitted k..."
We offer to the market a 2/3 bedroom detached house with versatile accommodation spread over three floors located in a highly sought after central residential area of Lincoln. The property has a low maintenance garden and driveway allowing off road parking for multiple vehicles. NO CHAIN is offer...
"***GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000*** Bairstow Eves are proud to present this exemplary three/four bedroom house. Beaming with character, this property is situated in the highly sought after North Hykeham and boasts garage, private garden and spacious accommodation. "
"This is a stunning Grade ll listed property nestled ideally in the sought after St Johns Village, Bracebridge Heath. offering great space internally that boasts luxury and style that oozes character throughout"
"MIXED-USE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - Located on Burton Road, Lincoln consisting of a ground floor commercial unit(approx. 1684 sq. ft.) and has most recently been used as a doctors surgery however it would lend itself to a number of varied uses. The property also boasts two first floor, self conta..."
"Located in Lincoln's popular West End is this period family home. Accommodation stretches over 3 floors and measures over 1,700 sq ft. The home was refurbished by the current owners and improved with a loft conversion, rewiring, plumbing and plastering throughout. The ground floor boasts 2 recept..."
"** WELL PRESENTED, AND SPACIOUS DETACHED, EXTENDED BUNGALOW WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented, extended and spacious four bedroom detached bungalow on Benson Crescent, in the ever popular area of Doddington Park, South (cont.)"
"MODERN MOVER! The owners of this home have lovingly modernised it over the years, most recently with a new bathroom. Take a look at the video tour to see the standard and work done."
"*** AN EXTENDED FAMILY HOME *** Kinetic estate agents are delighted to offer for sale this extended 4 bedroom executive detached family home located within the desirable development of Lakeside in Waddington. Internally, the accommodation of this immaculate and substantial home (cont.)"
LIVE THE LIFESTYLE! Take a look at the video walk through and photos of this beautifully presented home and then come to see it to fully appreciate the presentation and styling of this wonderful home.
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - MOVE STRAIGHT IN! This newly refurbished and remodelled 3 bedroom home is situated in a prime Uphill location, within walking distance to the Cathedral Quarter, Bailgate and also being a close to Castle Academy School and Mount Street Academy.
"
"GUIDE PRICE £365,000 - £375,000 / 4/5 BEDROOMS / DETACHED / PERFECT FAMILY HOME / VASTLY EXTENDED / MODERN THROUGHOUT / AMPLE PARKING & GARAGE "
"*** NEWLY REFURBISHED DOUBLE BAY FRONTED HOME IN AN UPHILL LOCATION *** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £365,000 Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN this beautifully refurbished 3 bedroom double bay fronted detached family home situated within a popul (cont.)"
"SPACIOUS, PRIVATE AND READY TO MOVE INTO FAMILY HOME!!! This four bedroom detached property sits on a generous plot in the sought after location of North Hykeham. This beauty of a family home offers ready to move into interior, spacious accommodation, ample parking, private rear garden and local ..."
"A modern detached family home, ideally located within a sought after residential area close to excellent local amenities and schooling. This spacious detached property offers immaculately presented living accommodation briefly comprising; Entrance Hallway, Living Room, Dining Room, Ki..."
Fully refurbished and remodelled detached bungalow - Popular residential area - No onward chain - Detached garage and large driveway - Generous lawned gardens
"This is an extended and modern detached four bedroomed family home located in Lower Waddington, just off Brant Road, to the South of the City of Lincoln. The property has internal accommodation to comprise of Entrance Porch, Inner Hallway, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Utility Room, WC, converte..."
Three bedroom detached bungalow in sought after location on NETTLEHAM FIELDS. Beautifully presented throughout. Occupying a generous plot with detached double garage! *CLICK ON OUR 360 VIRTUAL TOUR*
"GREAT INVESTMENT!! £20,800 GROSS INCOME PER ANNUM!! Located within the desirable North Hykeham area of Lincoln, within walking distance of North Hykeham train station and a wide variety of amenities is this superb investment opportunity on Station Road. This extended, detached freehold prop..."
"This impressive traditional semi-detached house is located on Newark road in Lincoln, near to the border with North Hykeham and is conveniently situated for nearby amenities. Contact Yopa.co.uk for a viewing 24/7."
"SPACIOUS, PRIVATE AND IMPECCABLE FAMILY HOME WITH STUNNING VIEWS TO THE FRONT ASPECT!!! This four double bedroom 6 years old detached property is positioned beautifully in the sought after village of Waddington with the added bonus of being opposite a quaint and scenic nature reserve. This immacu..."
†Home Exchange is available on selected homes only. Acceptance is at our sole discretion and not all properties are suitable. We reserve the right to refuse to agree to Home Exchange of your current home and we are under no obligation to give reasons why. Home Exchange may no...
"A rare opportunity to purchase this 1920s three bedroomed detached family home positioned on one of Lincoln's most sought after roads. Available to the market for the first time in 55 years, the property is within easy walking distance of the Cathedral Quarter and Bailgate shops. Retaining many o..."
"Well Presented Detached House situated in a convenient position for Lincoln city centre, West Common and the A46 Lincoln Bypass."
"An impressive 3 bedroom detached bungalow, situated on an idyllic address and within easy reach of a wealth of amenities. The property has been expertly extended and undergone a programme of full refurbishment. Internal accommodation comprises lounge diner, 3 double bedrooms with a master bedroom..."
"This spacious detached family home is located in the highly desirable North Hykeham area of Lincoln close to shops, supermarkets, excellent schooling and much more. Call to view today"
"***** No Onward Chain ***** An Immaculate Four Bedroom Detached House on a corner plot within the popular Manor Farm development, and in walking distance of the Manor Farm Academy. Built in 2020 the current owners chose the upgraded package to include the high end fixtures and fittings througho..."
"Gas and electricity bills have soared – and they aren’t getting cheaper anytime soon. So if you could SAVE MORE THAN £2,000 A YEAR*…. Wouldn’t this be the best time to move? Our new ‘net zero carbon’ homes in North Hykeham, Lincolnshire cost at least 60% less to run than a similar sized house bu..."
"OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £350,000 *** THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME SITUATED ON A FANTASTIC PLOT *** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this 4 bedroom versatile detached home which is perfect for someone looking to add their own stamp to a property. The property (cont.)"
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 Pygott and Crone are pleased to present this outstanding Executive Detached Bungalow ideally located in a sought-after position within North Hykeham. The property is presented to a good standard throughout with spacious & flexi..."
"Being Sold by YOPA Online Auction. Starting Bids from £350,000. Buy it now option available Please call or visit YOPA Online Auctions for more information."
"This is a stunning Four bedroom detached property located in the highly desirable location of Bracebridge Heath. Close to shops, supermarkets excellent schooling and much more"
"** STUNNING, RENOVATED AND EXTENDED THREE/FOUR BEDROOM LINK DETACHED HOUSE IN POPULAR LOCATION WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** ** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £350,000 ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this immaculately presented, and renovated three/four bedroom link d (cont.)"
A beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home benefitting from a generous plot within the sought after location of North Hykeham and generous accommodation with ample off road parking. Early and internal viewing is highly recommended to appreciate this property in full!
A unique opportunity to secure an extended and wonderfully spacious semi-detached home as well as a building plot with full approved planning for a separate two bedroom detached bungalow adjacent to the current property. A cracker of an opportunity to develop a new property whilst residing in an ...
"SPACE IN ABUNDANCE WITH THIS 6 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME!! This detached family home makes a fantastic next step up the ladder for those growing families. With expansive and ready to move into living throughout as well as established and expansive full wrap around gardens, two garages and ampl..."
"A two bedroom townhouse situated within a desirable Uphill position within the City of Lincoln for sale with No Onward Chain. Internally, the accommodation briefly comprises: Lounge, Kitchen Dining Room, Downstairs WC, first floor landing and Two Bedrooms, both of which benefit from E..."
A deceptively spacious extended Detached Bungalow which is tastefully presented throughout and has been modernised by the current vendors to create flexible and well planned accommodation with further scope to extend if the purchaser desire's (subject to planning). The internal accommo...
"Semi-Detached House, UPHILL, 4 Bedrooms, Ensuite to Master Bedroom, Family Bathroom, Large Rear Garden, Driveway Parking. No Onward Chain"
"City Centre Apartment Living....Welcome to Thorngate House and this stunning Penthouse Apartment ideally located in the heart of Lincoln's City Centre. Boasting spectacular views of the world-renowned medieval Cathedral, built in the Early Gothic style and the centrepiece of the City. ..."
"COMING SOON AT ROMAN GATE- A modern four bedroom detached home ideal for growing families with an EXCELLENT SPECIFICATION and DESIGNER furnishings. Accommodation includes Kitchen-dining, utility, lounge, cloakroom, hall, four bedrooms with ensuite and family bathroom. CALL NOW FOR MORE INFORMATION"
"This is a completely refurbished and extended four bedroomed detached bungalow located to the South of Lincoln, just off Brant Road. The property has been greatly improved by the current owners and offers internal accommodation to comprise of Kitchen Diner with a range of integral appliances, In..."
"*EXPANSIVE 5 BED DETACHED* SPACIOUS AND READY TO MOVE INTO FAMILY HOME READY TO MAKE YOUR OWN!!! This five bedroom detached property sits on a generous plot in the sought after location of North Hykeham. This spacious family home offers ready to move into accommodation with a fantastic flow, ampl..."
This attractive well-presented Detached 5-bedroom home is nestled in a sought-after area and is well-placed for easy access to local amenities whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive and beautifully proportioned property offers a gas central heating system and double...
"Student Housing Lincoln are pleased to offer this excellent investment opportunity at The Junxion, Lincoln. The apartment comprises of 6 en-suite bedrooms and is fully let generating £33,934 gross rent per annum for the current and 23/24 academic year."
"A spacious and extended five bed detached family home, situated within the popular location of North Hykeham. The property benefits from three reception rooms, two bathrooms, and generous rear garden."
"This is a four bedroomed detached family home located in lower Waddington, just off Brant Road, to the South of the City of Lincoln. The property has internal accommodation to comprise of a Covered Entrance, Inner Hallway, WC, Lounge, Dining Room, modern fitted Kitchen Diner and First Floor Land..."
"** IMMACULATELY PRESENTED FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE WITH CONVERTED GARAGE AND NO ONWARD CHAIN** ** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £340,000 ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented, and spacious four bedroom detached house on Calder Road, in the ever (cont.)"
"**NEW BUILD HOME AVAILABLE NOW** *PART EXCHANGE CONSIDERED* *£1,00 Legal Fees Paid *£3,500 cash back incentive for choice of flooring Plot 48 St Johns village is beautiful individual new build home, built in Brick with slate roof tiling, heritage style ha..."
This attractive 4 bedroom Terraced family home is nestled in the desired location of Lincoln. This is a very desired location with easy access to plenty of local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links. This impressiv...
"FLAWLESS AND READY TO MOVE INTO FAMILY HOME!!! This four bedroom detached property sits on a generous plot in the sought after location of North Hykeham. This beauty of a family home offers ready to move into and tasteful interior, spacious accommodation, ample parking, private rear garden and lo..."
"**NEW BUILD HOME AVAILABLE NOW** * PART EXCHANGE CONSIDERED * *£1,00 Legal Fees Paid *£3,500 cash back incentive for choice of flooring Plot 50 St Johns village is beautiful individual new build home, built in Ancaster Stone with slate roof tiling and heri..."
"Pygott & Crone are proud to present this spacious & executive detached bungalow which is ideally situated within the ever-popular residential area of Boultham Park. The well maintained internal accommodation comprises: Welcoming Porch leading to Entrance Hallway, Lounge, Three..."
"** EXTENDED WELL PRESENTED FAMILY HOME IN POPULAR LOCATION WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented and extended four bedroom detached house on Bolton Avenue, in the ever popular area of North Hykeham. Internally, the p (cont.)"
"A brand new ancaster stone build four bed detached family home, with fully fitted kitchen, diner and bifold doors to the rear, spacious lounge, ensuite to master bedroom, rear garden with patio area and off-road parking. This property is available for immediate occupation."
Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this attractive detached family home located in a pleasant cul-de-sac position just off Doddington Road and within easy walking distance to a wide range of amenities. The property benefits from gas central heating (new boiler 2021) and uPVC double glazi...
"A spacious detached bungalow enjoying a generous plot, set within the very popular development of Nettleham Fields which has good access to local amenities and transport routes. Offering well presented living accommodation throughout comprising; Entrance Hallway, 16ft Living Room, Three DOUBLE ..."
"A well presented and EXTENDED three double bedroom detached house, situated within the popular location of North Hykeham. Contact Yopa.co.uk for a viewing 24/7."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this established three bedroom semi-detached home situated in a popular residential area in North Hykeham, with the added benefit of outlined planning permission for the erection of a detached three bedroom dwelling situated to the rear within the generous plot."
"An impressive and extended four double bedroom detached family home, situated at the bottom of a cul-de-sac to the south of the city of Lincoln."
*CURRENT TENANTS HAVE SIGNED RENEWAL UNTIL AUGUST 2024!* A tastefully upgraded SIX BEDROOM HMO producing immediate income. Mr Investa are pleased to bring to the market this fantastic buy-to-let investment opportunity located close to the University of Lincoln & the city centre. Income for the 20...
"This property's price is reduced for over 60s as a lifetime lease purchase under our Home for Life Plan. Discounts range from 8.5% to 59% depending on age, personal circumstances and property criteria. The price shown is based on our average discount."
FULLY REFURBISHED ON A CORNER PLOT! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this recently refurbished detached property standing on a generous sized corner plot on the northern outskirts of Lincoln. The property has recently undergone a full scheme of renovation works and has spacious accommo...
"***LUXURIOUS PENTHOUSE WITH BREATHTAKING CATHEDRAL VIEWS*** Offering over 1100 sqft of tasteful, stylish accommodation is this executive 9th floor Penthouse which offers sweeping views of Lincoln's skyline throughout! A must view! Lincoln City District Council-Band E."
"A spacious detached family home located within the popular location of North Hykeham. Offering well presented living accommodation throughout comprising entrance hall, living room, large 26ft modern fitted kitchen / diner, conservatory with four first floor bedrooms, En-suite shower room to main..."
"Situated within the Bailgate of Lincoln is this Grade II listed townhouse with internal accommodation briefly comprising; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, dining & utility room, first & second floor landing, three bedrooms, a shower room & bathroom. Externally there is off road parking & rear garden."
Situated in this cul-de-sac location of Laburnum Close in the sought after location of North Hykeham. Starkey&Brown are delighted to offer for sale this 3 bedroom semi-detached dormer style property with a building plot with outlined planning permission for a single storey dwelling. Planning appl...
"EXTENDED BUNGALOW WITH ANNEXE! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this extended, detached four bedroom bungalow which offers spacious living throughout and self contained one bedroom annexe. Located within the ever popular village of Bracebridge Heath, this property backs onto open f..."
"***WONDERFUL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*** This extremely spacious semi-detached property has the ability to be a six bedroom lettable HMO and return an investment of circa £28,000 per annum. Currently four let rooms. Call for more information. Lincoln City District Council-Band B."
"** CALLING ALL FIRST TIME BUYERS AND INVESTMENT PURCHASERS - NO ONWARD CHAIN ** ** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £175,000 ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented perfect first time buy/investment two bedroom semi detached on Elvington Close, on Dod (cont.)"
"A seven bedroomed house of multiple occupancy (HMO) situated in the City Centre location on Monks Road. The property is currently fully let and generating a rental income of approx. £346.66 pcm per room (inclusive of bills). The property living accommodation to comprise of Reception Hallway,..."
"Three bedroom detached family home within a mature residential area of Lincoln. Comprising of an entrance hall, living room, kitchen, dining room, sunroom, utility with WC, three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Integral garage, driveway parking and an enclosed South facing rear garden. No chain."
"A well presented, spacious and modern four bedroomed detached family home situated within this popular cul-de-sac location, just off Hykeham Road, being close to local schooling and having easy access to Lincoln City Centre and North Hykeham. The property benefits from a converted Garage which i..."
"An impressive Grade II listed character townhouse situated in one of Lincoln's most prestige locations benefitting from three bedrooms, two reception rooms and available with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"*** IMMACULATLEY PRESENTED *** *** OFFERS OVER £325,000 *** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented 4 bedroom detached home located in the location of Waddington. Internally, the property briefly comprises; Entrance Hall, Lounge (cont.)"
"A spacious modern detached family home located in a sought-after residential area on the northern outskirts of the city of Lincoln. Offering well presented and spacious living accommodation comprising; entrance hall, living room, study/family room, 20ft kitchen / dining room, utility room & down..."
Pygott and Crone are pleased to present this Outstanding Executive Detached Bungalow ideally located in a sought-after position within the vibrant Cathedral City of Lincoln. The property is presented to a good standard throughout with spacious well-planned accommodation comprising; ...
"Burnett & Lee are introducing this considerably extended bungalow. The property consists of a multitude of 3 reception rooms, a Kitchen / Breakfast room, two log burners, three double bedrooms. An extended garden with complete irrigation system, polytunnel, summer house, greenhouse and workshop."
"This fully refurbished 4-bedroom family home offers a newly fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, newly installed windows and doors, a recently replaced gas boiler system and a full refresh throughout - the perfect, low-maintenance family home in a quiet cul-de-sac location!"
"*** GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000 *** This attractive five bedroom detached family home is situated within a desirable residential location and is well-placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport ..."
Newton Fallowel are pleased to offer for sale this 8 Bedroom HMO property situated on Monks Road to the east side of the city centre. 
"** LARGE EXTENDED DETACHED BUNGALOW ON LARGE CLIFF FACING PLOT ** *** OFFERS OVER £320,000 ***** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this very spacious and extended detached bungalow on Hollywell Road, just off Brant Road. Internally, the property br (cont.)"
"This fantastic detached home has a huge amount to offer it's new owners. Offering a dual-aspect living room, a double garage to the rear with power and lighting, side and rear gardens, four well-proportioned bedrooms and multiple bathrooms, there is so much to love. This home is an excellent find..."
Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this surprisingly spacious detached bungalow which has recently undergone a comprehensive scheme of improvement works and stands upon a larger than average plot within this popular residential area on Astwick Road. Accommodation benefits from gas ce...
"This well presented four bedroom detached family home for sale is situated in the desirable city of Lincoln which offers a private driveway, garage, many amenities and several transport links to Lincoln City Centre. Early internal viewing is highly recommended to avoid disappointment!"
"This is an extended four bedroomed detached family home positioned in a quiet cul-de-sac location to the South of Lincoln, being within close proximity to a wide range of local amenities and also having easy access into North Hykeham and Lincoln City Centre. The property has internal accommodati..."
"This superb 4-bedroom property set over two storeys and with a detached garage and 2 allocated parking spaces, offers masses of space to make your own. Enter the hallway to find a downstairs cloakroom, staircase and store cupboard to right. To the left is the bright, roomy living area ..."
"This delightful 3 bedroom Bungalow is being sold with NO CHAIN. Comprising 3 bedrooms with lounge, dining area and conservatory, having an extra WC, utility and garage it really is quite versatile. Situated in the ever popular North Hykeham, close to the A46 and excellent local amenities, it is a..."
Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this spacious town house located within the highly regarded Roman Wharf area of Lincoln located adjacent to the Fosse Dyke canal offering a pleasant and short walks to the Brayford and Lincoln city centre. Accommodation would benefit from a scheme ...
"An impressive and extended detached bungalow, benefitting from four double bedrooms, situated on Hawthorn Avenue, off Brant Road."
"Built in 1902, this stunning period family home boasts high ceilings, traditional features and spacious, flexible accommodation throughout and is an absolute must view to fully appreciate it. Located centrally to the beautiful & historic city of Lincoln is this Five Bedroom Victori..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a licenced five bedroomed house of multiple occupancy. The property is currently let for the remaining academic year with an income of £24,632 per annum (inclusive of bills until the 31st July 2023) and also the upcoming academic year with an income of £28..."
"Semi detached house situated on a large non estate plot close to the City Centre of Lincoln with internal accommodation briefly comprising; entrance hall, wet room, lounge, sitting room, playroom, kitchen/diner, first floor landing, four double bedrooms, master en suite and a family bathroom."
"ATTENTION ALL! SPACIOUS DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH A DOUBLE GARAGE AND A STUNNING PLOT! If you are looking for a bungalow with generous floor space, stunning front, rear and side gardens, an INTEGRAL DOUBLE GARAGE. Then this is a property WORTH A LOOK AND IS ONE YOU DON'T WANT TO MISS OUT ON!! CALL T..."
"Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this spacious detached bungalow located in a pleasant end of lane position with woodland to the rear and adjacent to a wide range of amenities to include schools, Hykeham train station, supermarket, doctors surgery and many other shops and take away..."
"This superbly presented and extended 4 bedroom detached family home, is positioned on a great sized corner plot, being conveniently located close to excellent local amenities, schools, road and public transport links. Families will love the versatile and well planned accomm..."
EXTENDED AND BEAUTIFULLY REFURBISHED! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this superb detached bungalow which has recently been extended and undergone a comprehensive scheme of improvements works and offering spacious and high specification living accommodation throughout. Accommodati...
"Situated in the highly sought after village of Waddington is this three double bedroom detached family home, benefitting from front and rear gardens, two driveways and a double garage. Early and internal viewing is highly recommended to appreciate this property in full!"
"Situated in the sought after location of Doddington Park Starkey&Brown are delighted to offer for sale this extended 3/4 bedroom detached bungalow. The property was originally built as a 3 bedroom, but has had a side extension allowing for a fourth bedroom or alternatively a home office. Acco..."
***OPEN DAY*** ON THE 25th OF MARCH  VIEWINGS BETWEEN 11AM and 4PM BOOK YOUR VIEWING TIMES IN EARLY WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN This attractive 4 bedroom detached home is nestled in a sought-after area and is well placed for easy access to local amenities whilst having excellent tran...
"*** THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME *** Kinetic estate agents are delighted to offer for sale this modern three storey 4 bedroom detached family home situated in the popular location of North Hykeham. Internally, the property briefly comprises; Entrance Hall, Lounge, WC, Open plan Kitc (cont.)"
"Three bedroom detached family home situated on the ever popular Doddington Road to the South of the cathedral city of Lincoln. Comprising of an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility with toilet, three bedrooms, bathroom and WC. Garage, driveway, south facing rear garden. No chain."
"Located in a sought after non-estate position on the very popular Doddington Road is this detached chalet style property. The property would benefit from a scheme of modernisation works, however offers fantastic potential to create the most wonderful family home and has accommodation which briefl..."
"A three bedroomed semi-detached house situated in this quiet cul de sac location and on a corner plot. Located within the sought after area of Uphill Lincoln, just off Broadway and within walking distance to the Bailgate and historic Cathedral Quarter. Internally the property offers living accomm..."
"£200 A Month Mortgage Contribution And Flooring - PLUS an exclusive £5,000 cash gift you move in before the end of March... call to find out more...This superb 4-bedroom property set over two storeys and with its' own allocated parking space, offers masses of space to make your own..."
"Being sold with NO CHAIN this extended 3 bedroom bungalow is located in the popular North Hykeham area close to all local amenities with good access to lincoln and the A46. The accommodation comprises 3 bedrooms, 3 reception rooms, kitchen and bathroom. Having garage, parking and low maintenance ..."
"GREAT PRICE! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this deceptively spacious family home which is located within the popular Doddington Park area of Lincoln and withing a short walking distance to a wide range of local amenities. Accommodation briefly comprises spacious entrance hallway, gr..."
"*Guide Price £300,000 - £320,000* This is a stunning example of a Four bedroom detached family home nestled brilliantly in North Hykeham, providing great space internally and being close to local amenities making this a great family home"
"A spacious extended semi detached family home tucked away at the end of a cul-de-sac, within a popular residential area on the outskirts of Lincoln's City Centre. With well presented living accommodation throughout comprising; Entrance porch, entrance hall, W.C, 18ft living room, fitted kitchen ..."
"Burnett & Lee are presenting this 4 bedroom detached property located on the fringe of the popular area of Birchwood, Lincoln. Delivering a private cul-de-sac location offering private position. With parking for multiple cars this home offers a highly desired family setting."
"Starkey&Brown are delighted to offer for sale this detached property enjoying a generous size plot. The property is immaculately presented throughout and briefly comprises a lounge, dining room, modern stylish kitchen with a range of integral appliances and ambient lighting and a conservatory..."
THREE BEDROOMS / DETACHED / POPULAR LOCATION / DRIVEWAY & GARAGE / ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN / OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER 
Pygott and Crone are pleased to present this outstanding Detached Bungalow ideally located in a sought-after position within the vibrant Cathedral City of Lincoln. The property is presented to a good standard throughout with spacious well-planned accommodation comprising; Entrance H...
"*Guide Price £300,000-£325,000* unique superbly situated property within the ever popular Bailgate quarter of Lincoln, briefly comprises of two bedrooms, kitchen/dining room, living room, shower room and WC. Outside the property benefits from a garden with alfresco dining patio area."
"A much improved, four bed detached family home, briefly comprising: entrance hall, study/office, lounge/diner, kitchen, utility room, downstairs WC, four double bedrooms, en suite to the master bedroom and family bathroom. Externally, the property benefits from front and rear gardens."
"A well presented four bed detached family home situated in the popular location of North Hykeham. The current owner has converted the garage, to create a further reception room, which could be used as a playroom/office/ or snug. With accommodation comprising; entrance hallway, lounge, reception..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £320,000 *** A beautifully presented three bedroom modern semi detached family home with driveway and garage. This property must be viewed early to avoid disappointment. In a fabulous cul-de-sac location in the sought after Uphill area. Accommodati..."
"Guide Price £300,000 - £325,000Walters are pleased to offer this well presented three bedroom detached chalet bungalow located in the Lower Waddington area of Lincoln which provides easy access to local amenities such as shops, doctors surgery, hairdressers, schooling and good local transport lin..."
"** WELL PRESENTED AND SPACIOUS EXTENDED TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH ATTIC ROOM ** *** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £214,500 *** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present this well presented and spacious EXTENDED two bedroom semi detached house on Meadow Lane, in the ever p (cont.)"
Three Storey Town House situated in a city centre position boasting off road parking for two vehicles.
"*** MODERN DETACHED HOME ON A GOOD SIZED PLOT *** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented modern 3 bed detached house situated in a sought after location south of Lincoln. Internally, the property briefly comprises; Entrance Hall, WC, L (cont.)"
NO ONWARD CHAIN / THREE BEDROOMS / DETACHED / LARGER THAN AVERAGE PLOT / DRIVEWAY & GARAGE / LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN 
***MODERN TOWNHOUSE LOCATED IN SECURE GATED DEVELOPMENT*** A beautifully presented and flexible three storey family home located uphill close to Lincoln's prestigious Cathedral quarter. Benefitting from gated entry system and allocated parking. A MUST VIEW! Lincoln City District Council- Band D.
"This 3 bedroom 1930's detached home is positioned on a 0.54 acre non estate plot (sts) in the ever-popular area of North Hykeham. Due to the size of the plot the property could easily lend itself to be developed further, subject to planning. The property is further..."
***GUIDE PRICE *** £315 000 - £330 000 *** VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED *** A charming and stylish two / three-bedroom family home. Offering spacious family accommodation which is wonderfully modern with features such as the contemporary kitchen with two modern reception r...
"A well presented period three bedroom semi-detached house, situated to the south of the city, within walking distance to local amenities. Contact Yopa.co.uk for a viewing 24/7."
"PREPARE TO FALL IN LOVE with this FLAWLESS, SPACIOUS AND IMPECCABLY PRESENTED FAMILY HOME! This 3 bedroom detached home has been enhanced and excelled in an unbelievable amount of ways and is complimented by its desirable positioning in North Hykeham, the single garage and generous gardens just a..."
"This is a great example of a bay fronted, three bedroomed detached family home located to the South of Lincoln, just off Boultham Park Road. The property has internal accommodation to comprise of Entrance Porch, Inner Hallway, bay fronted Lounge, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Utility Room, WC and Firs..."
"*VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE* Located in this prestigious development with a waterfront setting, a stunning duplex apartment with two bedrooms and balcony giving panoramic views across the city."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS! CURRENTLY LET AND ACHIEVING £37,386.96 PER ANNUM. Three Storey End Terraced House situated in a city centre position. The accommodation comprises Entrance Hall, Living Kitchen, Utility Room, Five Rooms all with Ensuite Facilities and on the Second Floor the Sixth Roo..."
"Situated in this popular location with views to the front over Boultham park is this substantial Detached Family Home with Double Garage and a useful outbuilding. The property offers spacious and flexible accommodation throughout comprising, to the ground floor, good size Entrance Hall, W.C, Uti..."
"Three bedroom detached property located on the outskirts of the Cathedral city of Lincoln being close to numerous amenities, road links and railway station. The property offers versatile accommodation with further development subject to the appropriate planning being obtained. VIEWINGS ARE ..."
"Spacious three bedroom detached bungalow sat on a corner plot located in the popular area of Doddington Park. The property comprises of entrance hall, lounge / dining room, kitchen, two double bedrooms and one single bedroom / office / snug, family bathroom and a separate cloakroom / utility, do..."
A spacious and well presented four bedroom property situated in a highly sought after residential area within close proximity of the amenities of Lincoln City Centre. Early and internal viewing is highly recommended to appreciate this property in full. Call now to arrange a viewing!
"ATTENTION INVESTORS! - VIDEO VIEWING AND PHYSICAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE Previously achieving around £32,000 per annum this five bedroom property is located within five minutes walk of the Castle Square and Cathredral. "
"Bay fronted, Six bedroom HMO, located in Lincoln's highly sought-after West End Area. Only a short walk to the town centre and Lincoln University.  The property is currently fully let and achieving £415pppm. The property offers two double bedrooms, lounge, kitchen, shower room and W..."
William H Brown are pleased to present this stunning grade II listed stone build semi detached property in the ever so popular village of Bracebridge Heath.
"Three bedroom detached bungalow situated in North Hykeham with a prime position in a quiet cul-de-sac. Comprising of an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, three bedrooms, four piece bathroom and a conservatory. Pleasant and private gardens, driveway parking and a single garage. No onward chain."
Three Bedroom Semi-Detached family home situated on the ever popular Hykeham Road benefitting from local amenities and schooling nearby. Good sized plot with a garden outbuilding. Must view to truly appreciate the full extent of all that this property offers.
"A well presented and EXTENDED four bed family detached home, situated within the popular village location of Waddington."
"A well presented detached family home, benefitting from four double bedrooms, and located within the popular location of North Hykeham."
"A well-presented four bedroomed detached family home situated just off Malham Drive and within easy access to the A46 Bypass and Lincoln City Centre. The property is well-positioned within this quiet cul de sac location and has internal living accommodation briefly comprising of Entrance Hallway,..."
"OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £290,000 Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented 3 bedroom detached family home on Cornwood Close which is situated just off Hawthorn Road, North of Lincoln City. Internally the property briefly comprises of Entrance Hall (cont.)"
THREE BEDROOMS / DETACHED / MODERN THROUGHOUT / DRIVEWAY / ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN / POPULAR LOCATION / 
"A VERSATILE, BESPOKE BUILT, SPACIOUS, NON-ESTATE POSITIONED, 3 BEDROOM DORMER STYLE BUNGALOW. ON AN EXPANSIVE PLOT, WITH HUGE DEVELOPMENT SCOPE BOTH INTERNALLY AND EXTERNALLY – POTENTIALLY, THE PERFECT “MOVE IN AND UPDATE ROOM BY ROOM PROJECT”. WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN, THIS IS..."
"** LARGE DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH CONVERTED GARAGE IN POPULAR LOCATION ** *** SELLERS ARE PURCHASING A NEW BUILD AND ESTIMATED COMPLETION DATE APPROX APRIL TO JUNE 2023 **** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented, and converted three/four bedr (cont.)"
"A well presented and EXTENDED four bedroom detached house, situated within the highly sought after location of Bracebridge Heath which boasts excellent schooling great local amenities and transport links."
"Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this very well presented detached family home located in a pleasant cul-de-sac position in Waddington. Accommodation briefly comprises entrance hallway, ground floor WC, 16'6"" lounge, separate dining room, uPVC conservatory with French door..."
"Guide Price £290,000 - £300,000 Having recently undergone an extensive schedule of work, this three bedroom detached house offers a purchaser the chance to enjoy the perfect traditional home with a modern twist. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, viewing is highly recommended"
FOUR BEDROOMS / DETACHED / DRIVEWAY & GARAGE / PERFECT FAMILY HOME / POPULAR LOCATION / ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN 
THIS CRACKING 2 BED DETACHED BUNGALOW IN ONE OF NORTH HYKEHAM'S MOST SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION IS NOW AVAILABLE!!! This 2 bedroom bungalow is presented to the highest of standards with immaculate internal and external space and is a wonderful place to call home. With gardens to the front and rear and...
"A spacious modern detached family home located on a popular development within the sought-after location of North Hykeham. With well presented living accommodation throughout comprising entrance hall, living room, family room (part converted garage) 21ft kitchen / diner, utility room and W.C to ..."
"A well presented and spacious four double bedroom detached family home, situated within the popular location of North Hykeham."
"***GUIDE PRICE £290,000 - £300,000*** Fantastic opportunity to purchase a detached bungalow with garage on a large plot in the highly sought after North Hykeham. Property comprises entrance hall with storage, Lounge with electric fire and wood surround, Dining r..."
FOUR BEDROOMS / SEMI-DETACHED / PERFECT FAMILY HOME / POPULAR LOCATION / DRIVEWAY & GARAGE / ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN 
"This well presented detached dormer bungalow with gardens backing onto open land, enjoys a village-style location just a couple of miles from central Lincoln. Including off-street parking and a detached single garage, the property offers a kitchen, ground-floor bathroom and separate firs..."
"A Traditional Five Bedroomed Bay-Fronted Terraced Property, positioned in this prime Uphill location on Mount Street, just off Burton Road. The property would make an ideal family home and the spacious accommodation set over three floors must be viewed to be appreciated. The internal accommodati..."
"A deceptively spacious and extended three bedroomed detached bungalow with a dormer to the first floor. The property is situated within this sought after location, to the South of the City of Lincoln, just off Boultham Park Road and with easy access to Lincoln City Centre and Boultham Park. The..."
Property features Modern Detached House Four Bedrooms Gas Central Heating Double Glazing Ground Floor Shower Room En-Suite & Family Bathroom Two Reception Rooms EPC Grade D Property Description Modern detached house situated in the Doddington Park area of Lincoln. ...
"A perfect three bedroom 'Barker Build' detached family home in a highly sought after area that boasts well-proportioned rooms throughout, an extended kitchen and has potential to extend and create a fourth bedroom (STP). The ground floor has an ideal flow throughout and includes Entra..."
"This is a modern two/three bedroomed, three storey, town house located in the Uphill Area of Lincoln, just off Burton Road. The property has stylish and modern living accommodation to briefly comprise Ground Floor Entrance Hallway, Utility Room, Bathroom, Bedroom One with En-Suite and Bedroom Tw..."
"EXTENDED BUNGALOW WITH SOLAR PANELS! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this very well presented and surprisingly spacious detached bungalow located within the ever popular North Hykeham area of Lincoln. Accommodation benefits from gas central heating, uPVC double glazing and solar panel..."
"This is a modern three bedroomed link detached house located to the North of Lincoln on the Roman Gate Development and built by the renowned local builders, Taylor Lindsey. The property has internal accommodation to comprise of Reception Hallway, bay fronted Lounge, modern fitted Dining Kitchen, ..."
TWO BEDROOMS / CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION / DRIVEWAY & GARAGE / LARGER THAN AVERAGE PLOT / NEW KITCHEN 
"GUIDE PRICE £280,000 - £300,000 This is a stunning example of a Two bedroom well presented apartment located in the centre of the popular city of Lincoln. This Two bedroom apartment is a perfect investment, a commuting family and even a downsizer"
"A spacious modern detached family home, enjoying a larger than average private plot, situated in the popular location of North Hykeham. With well presented living accommodation throughout comprising; entrance hallway, living room, 18ft fitted kitchen/diner with patio doors out to rear garden, ut..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - This is a three bedroomed, bay fronted, 1970's style detached family home located to the North of Lincoln on Hawthorn Road. The property requires modernisation and has internal accommodation to comprise of Open Porch, Inner Hallway, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen and First Floor L..."
"** THE PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT **** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** ** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £175,000 ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented, and spacious two bedroom mid terrace property on Caesar Road, in the ever popular area of North Hy (cont.)"
"An extended family home in this popular location offering superb access to local shops, schools and into the city centre."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN!! 37 Jaguar Drive is a spacious three bedroom detached bungalow with dormer office, complete with large living/dining room, breakfast kitchen and integral garage. Boasting well maintained front and rear garden spaces, the property is well situated to use the services and ameni..."
"Built in 2020, this modern and well presented 3 bedroom detached family home is situated on the Greetwell Fields residential development, close to Carlton Boulevard. Buyers will love the south facing rear garden, which is a real suntrap.
"
"If you are on a search for a charming modern home, with a twist of county-living style – this is a property for you. This stylish three-bedroom semi-detached house is situated in a quiet and peaceful cul-de-sac, in the Uphill area of the city of Lincoln. Property offers spacious and appe..."
"Four Bedrooms - Semi Detached - Lounge & Dining Room -Cloakroom WC - Ensuite - Enclosed Garden - Detached Garage - No Upward Chain Perfect for families or professionals Manor Farm is located within North Hykeham to the south side of the Cathedral city of Lincoln, highly regarded for it's good ..."
"This is a modern three bedroomed mid-town house located in the popular Roman Wharf Development, to the West of the Historic Cathedral and University City of Lincoln. The property has modern living accommodation to comprise of Inner Hallway, WC, bay fronted Lounge, Dining Area, Kitchen and First ..."
"Three bedroom detached bungalow situated on a corner plot of a mature and well established cul-de-sac, within the ever popular location of Doddington Park. This property benefits from a long driveway, front and rear gardens, and a double garage. No onward chain. "
"This bungalow offers good sized plot and spacious rooms, whilst also boasting a modern styled kitchen/dining area. Early and internal viewing is highly recommended to truly appreciate the accommodation this property has to offer"
"Situated in a PRIME central position, benefiting from BEAUTIFUL river views and being close to South Park and Lincoln High Street, this STUNNING four bedroom mid-terrace property is offered for sale. Recently REFURBISHED, it offers uPVC double glazing throughout, recently installed gas central h..."
***PERFECT MOVE UP THE PROPERTY LADDER*** This spacious and well appointed four bedroom detached property is sat down a quiet cul-de-sac location backing onto woodlands and offers a perfect opportunity to move up the property ladder. Lincoln City Council-Band C.
"***EXCLUSIVE TOP FLOOR PENTHOUSE WITH CATHEDRAL VIEWS*** Nestled in the heart of Lincoln City Centre is this spacious, modern top floor penthouse apartment. Secure, gated development with allocated parking! Benefitting from being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN! Lincoln City District Council-Band C."
"GUIDE PRICE £275,000 - £300,000Walters are pleased to offer this spacious three bedroom detached bungalow ideally situated in a cul-de-sac position in the sought after area of Bracebridge Heath which provides easy access to a host of local amenities and is on bus routes for  Lincoln City Centre. ..."
"A spacious semi detached dorma bungalow with three ground floor bedrooms, upstairs 4th bedroom, large attic area, two receptions rooms, shower room and modern kitchen. Outside there is ample off road parking and low maintenance enclosed rear garden."
"A three to four bedroomed modern detached house situated just off Brant Road and having easy access to Lincoln City Centre, the Brant Road Shopping Centre and local primary schooling. Internally the property has flexible living accommodation to briefly comprise of Hallway, Lounge, Dining Room, Ki..."
"The Glaston - a stunning 2 bedroom semi-detached bungalow. It's not just the two well proportioned bedrooms and conveniently placed allocated parking spaces that make this home so desirable. The stylish, modern living room drawing in lots of natural light also adds to the highly dist..."
THREE BEDROOMS / DETACHED / MODERN THROUGHOUT / AMPLE PARKING & GARAGE / PERFECT FAMILY HOME / ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN 
"GUIDE PRICE £270,000 - £290,000 This is a stunning example of a Two bedroom well presented apartment located in the centre of the popular city of Lincoln. This Two bedroom apartment is a perfect investment, a commuting family and even a downsizer"
This extended detached home is offered for sale with no onward chain. Located in the popular area of North Hykeham is this 3 bedrooms property which requires a programme of modernisation. Having had only 1 owner since new the property enjoys a corner plot position. Accommodation briefly comprises...
** IMMACULATELY PRESENTED AND SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE IN QUIET CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this immaculately presented and move in ready three bedroom three storey detached house on Pavilion Gardens in the ever popular ar (cont.)
"THREE STOREY GLORY! With the accommodation located over the three floors and offering 4 bedrooms complimented by two ensuite shower rooms and a further family bathroom along with a refitted breakfast kitchen and lounge, this is one to see."
"A spacious detached bungalow enjoying a large corner plot position, located within the popular residential area of 'Doddington Park' on the outskirts of Lincoln. With living accommodation comprising; Entrance hall, living room, kitchen opening to dining room, garden room, three bedrooms and bath..."
"** LAST REMAINING PLOT** Pridea `New Homes` division, are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom town house in a sought after location on Alexandra Terrace. It is accessed via Yarborough Road and its location is ideally situated for both the Bailgate/Cathedral and City Centre/Brayford areas."
DETACHED BUNGALOW ON A HUGE PLOT! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this detached bungalow which is located in a quiet cul-de-sac position within the popular Glebe Park area of Lincoln and standing on a surprisingly large plot. The property offers fantastic potential for remodelling...
THREE BEDROOMS / DETACHED / TWO SINGLE GARAGES / DRIVEWAY / ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN / POPULAR LOCATION / THREE RECEPTION ROOMS / SOLAR PANELS   
"This spacious 4 bedroom detached house is located in the southern outskirts of Lincoln. Accommodation briefly comprises entrance hall, downstairs WC, 2 reception rooms and kitchen with a range of fitted units. Rising to the first floor there are 4 bedrooms and a 3 piece family bathroom. Externall..."
"A SPACIOUS DETACHED house in Lincoln, perfect for FIRST TIME BUYERS and GROWING FAMILIES. Call to enquire! Bettermove are proud to present this 3 bedroom detached house in Lincoln. The property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating throughout and has off str..."
"A modern Semi Detached family home, ideally located within the sought after area of North Hykeham, close to excellent local amenities and Schooling. The property boasts spacious living accommodation comprising; Entrance Hallway, WC, Study or Bedroom four, Kitchen/Diner with French d..."
***EXTENDED DETACHED BUNGALOW LOCATED IN A HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER AREA*** This spacious detached bungalow is nestled down a glorious cul-de-sac location on Glebe Park and is the perfect purchase for buyers looking to downsize without compromising floor space. Lincoln City District Council-Band C
A superb Family Home situated within the highly sought after village of Waddington which boasts great local amenities and transport links. This Four Bedroom Semi-Detached House is presented to a high standard and offers light and spacious living accommodation briefly comprising; Entran...
"NO ONWARD CHAIN!  A four bedroom semi-detached family residence, in need of a comprehensive scheme of refurbishment/update situated in popular residential area of the City. Accommodation comprises; hall, lounge with open plan dining area, breakfast kitchen, landing, four bedrooms and family ..."
READY MADE INVESTMENT Pygott & Crone are delighted to offer for sale this spacious bay fronted home located in a superb central location close to the City Centre. The property itself is split into 3 Apartments which are currently let and achieving the following income:
"Well presented THREE BEDROOM Link-Detached House, located In the highly sort after St Georges estate to the West side of Lincoln city."
***THE PERFECT MOVE FOR GROWING FAMILIES*** This spacious three bedroom detached property has been extended and enhanced on the ground floor to offer plenty of space for families who enjoy entertaining. Positioned in a glorious cul-de-sac position. BOOK YOUR VIEWING NOW!
Bay fronted Mid Terraced House situated in a city centre location. 
"This is a beautiful example of an extended three bedroom semi-detached family home located to the South of Lincoln and being close to Hartsholme County Park. The property has been greatly improved by the current owners and offers living accommodation to comprise of Inner Hallway, bay fronted Din..."
"A recently renovated semi detached house enjoying a generous plot conveniently located in a highly sought after residential location in Lincoln, close to North Hykeham. With spacious living accommodation comprises entrance hall, living room opening into dining room which in turn opens into a n..."
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 to £280,000...........This beautifully presented four bedroom, three storey property is located on the highly desirable Manor Farm development in North Hykeham and offers a versatile home which is ready to just move into. Call us to arrange your viewing"
"**OPEN HOUSE DAY SATURDAY 8TH APRIL 10AM-12:30PM** Enjoying a desirable position within the sought after village of Bracebridge Heath is this modern detached family home. The property boasts spacious and well presented accommodation to comprise; entrance hallway, lounge, dining room, attractiv..."
"A well-presented three bedroom detached family home comprising of: entrance hall, cloakroom, generous lounge, kitchen/diner, three bedrooms to the first floor with en suite to master and family bathroom, generous driveway, front garden with low maintenance rear garden and detached single garage."
"A detached family home situated in the historical Cathedral City of Lincoln with spacious and well apppinted internal accommodation briefly comprising; entrance hall, downstairs WC, lounge, kitchen / diner, first floor landing, three bedrooms and a family bathroom."
"A three bedroom family home in a desirable location boasting off road parking, three bedrooms and a south facing garden. Viewings are highly recommended!"
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £280,000 This is a stunning example of a Two bedroom well presented apartment located in the centre of the popular city of Lincoln. This Two bedroom apartment is a perfect investment, a commuting family and even a downsizer"
***EXTENDED & BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED SEMI-DETACHED*** This property would make the perfect next move up the property ladder for growing families. Offering and tasteful and ready to move into accommodation throughout and situated in the ever popular location of Bracebridge Heath. North Kesteven...
"Student Housing Lincoln presents this fantastic investment opportunity or residential option with this charming 6-bedroom HMO property located in the sought-after Sincil Bank neighbourhood, just a stone's throw from the vibrant heart of Lincoln's city centre."
"Two Double Bedrooms - Extended, Detached Bungalow - Large Lounge - Conservatory - Two Driveways - Gated Garden - Double Garage - Cosmetic Updating Required - No Upward Chain Perfect for Investors, 1st Time Buyers & Retirees The property is located only 5 minutes from Lincoln Town Centre, close..."
"A stunning bay fronted character property with accommodation over three floors, presented to a high standard throughout, located in a sought after location on the southern outskirts of Lincoln's City Centre. Immaculate from top to bottom, this characterful home has been lovingly improved and car..."
"Available with no onward chain is this well presented four bedroom semi detached home located in the ever popular area of North Hykeham which provides easy access to local schools, shops and major transport links. The ground floor accommodation comprises of a spacious open plan kitchen/dining are..."
"GUIDE PRICE £220,000 - £240,000 A fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom semi-detached property, with off road parking and a good sized garden. Ideally located close to the City of Lincoln, this is the perfect home for a prospective buyer to put their own stamp on...call to view today!"
"This extended semi-detached bungalow is located in the northern outskirts on Lincoln in a cul-de-sac secluded position. Boasting 4 bedrooms, an open plan kitchen diner and a recently refurbished bathroom. Outside the property comes with a lawned rear garden and parking for many vehicles to the fr..."
 This attractive 3-bedroom  home is nestled in a sought-after area and is well placed for easy access to local amenities whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive and beautifully proportioned property offers a gas central heating system and double glazing throughout...
"ATTENTION INVESTORS! HMO LICENCED PROPERTY! CURRENTLY ACHIEVING 9% YIELD WITH £24,120 PER ANNUM. "
"This is a wonderful example of a detached Three bedroom Bungalow positioned in the sought after village of Bracebridge Heath. If you are somebody looking to downsize, or even looking for an upsize, this could be the one for you!"
"Two bedroom detached bungalow making for an ideal renovation project, situated within a popular mature residential area. Internally comprising of an entrance porch, hallway, living room, kitchen, dining room, two bedrooms and a family bathroom. Driveway parking, attractive gardens and garage. No ..."
"A well presented three double bedroom detached family house, situated on a generous plot, with driveway, and garage, within the popular location of North Hykeham. Contact Yopa.co.uk for a viewing 24/7."
"** EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED WITH LARGER THAN AVERAGE REAR GARDEN ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented, spacious and extended three bedroom semi detached house on Matlock Drive in North Hykeham. The property internally brief (cont.)"
"Modern and contemporary 3-bedroom semi detached property, situated on the outskirts of Lincon City Centre."
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £270,000Walters are pleased to offer this well presented three bedroom detached bungalow in the this popular Lakelands area of Lincoln which is to the south west  of the city."
"** GUIDE PRICE £260,000-£270,000 ** Well proportioned family sized home in a highly sought after location, close to a number of amenities which is being sold with no onward chain. The accommodation has a flexible layout with scope to create an open plan kitchen dining room,..."
Well presented and extended four bedroom detached house located in the popular brant road area. Only a short walk from local amenities.
"ATTENTION INVESTORS .... LICENSED HMO SITUATED CLOSE TO THE CITY CENTRE OF LINCOLN... Accommodation is set over three floors and briefly comprises entrance hall, kitchen diner, utility room, bathroom ,shower room and six bedrooms."
"A HOME OF MULTIPLE OCCUPANCY - INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - A five lettable bedroomed mid-terraced house situated on Carholme Road and well located for Lincoln City Centre and Lincoln University. The property has recently been redecorated throughout and has two modern Bathrooms (one on each floor), ..."
"A three bedroomed semi-detached property positioned in this popular location to the South of Lincoln, close to a range of local facilities and amenities. The property has modern stylish living accommodation, which has been greatly improved by the current owners, to comprise of Inner Hallway, Unde..."
"HMO INVESTMENT PROPERTY, 6 Bedrooms, Semi Detached, FULLY LET, Kitchen & Separate Living Room, TWO SHOWER ROOMS."
"Enjoy the best of modern living in this popular three-bedroom home which benefits from a stylish open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors leading into the garden. The Hatfield's bright front aspect living room, separate utility room, handy storage cupboard and downstairs WC make this a great home."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! This is a 1960's two bedroom detached bungalow situated in a popular residential area to the south of the City. The well presented accommodation comprises; entrance hall, sitting room, dining room, kitchen, conservatory, two bedrooms and attractively appointed bathroom. There are..."
"Extended 4/5 BEDROOM HOUSE, Kitchen/Dining Room, Lounge, CONSERVATORY, Garden, NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this very well presented and spacious family home originally built by Beal Homes and located within this popular residential development in Waddington. The property benefits from uPVC double glazing, gas central heating and air conditioning and has acco..."
"Situated in a popular and quiet residential location is this well presented three bedroom link-detached house, with off street parking and garage. The property has been well maintained by the current owner offering space and charm in abundance. Call to arrange your viewing today."
***STUNNING EXTENDED BAY FRONTED SEMI-DETACHED*** This impeccably presented and larger than average three bedroom semi-detached property would make a superb first time buy or move up the property ladder for the growing family. MOVE IN READY! BOOK YOUR VIEWING NOW! *Freehold/Lincoln City Council B...
Fantastic investment with 9.7% - 10.6% yield and a flexible C4 certificate in prime West Parade location... A five (let-able) bedroom terraced house in the popular West Parade area close to the University. Currently let for £2225 PCM (inc bills) until 31st July 2023. Let for &pou...
"GUIDE PRICE £250,000 - £270,000 We are delighted to offer for sale this fantastic 3/4 bedroom rental opportunity within the heart of the City of Lincoln being sold with No Onward Chain and fully furnished. The property has previously been let to multiple occupants"
This attractive 4 bedroom semi-detached home is nestled in a quiet cul-de-sac in a sought-after area and is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive and beautifully proportio...
*FOR SALE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN* This bay fronted 3 bedroom property is located within a prime uphill position within walking distance of Lincoln Cathedral. The ground floor comprises two reception rooms which includes a bay fronted lounge. Furthermore there is a kitchen and ground floor bathroom ...
This extensively renovated traditional bungalow is situated towards the end of Redhill Drive within the popular village of Bracebridge heath. Being approached over a freshly cast concrete driveway providing offstreet parking for numerous vehicles whilst the pathway leads round the bungalow. 
NO ONWARD CHAIN / DETACHED / THREE BEDROOMS / DRIVEWAY & GARAGE / POPULAR LOCATION / EASY TO MAINTAIN REAR GARDEN 
"** SPACIOUS AND EXTENDED DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this spacious three bedroom detached extended bungalow on Hawthorn Avenue in the ever popular of Brant Road in Lincoln with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Internally, t (cont.)"
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! TWO APARTMENTS!! 6.72% GROSS YIELD!! Starkey&Brown are delighted to offer for sale this recently refurbished property which has recently undergone a comprehensive scheme of improvement works and being sold with tenants in situ. To the ground floor there is a spacious one d...
"***** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, THREE EN-SUITES *****
An immaculately presented and spacious three bedroom, three storey semi-detached house, situated in the popular Glebe Park residential area to the North of the city of Lincoln. Perfect for a first time buy, investment or as a rental opportunity."
"** WELL PRESENTED AND MODERN THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION ** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £250,000 Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented three bedroom detached house on Tacitus Way, in the ever popular Manor Farm area of Nor (cont.)"
"Guide Price £250,000 to £265,000 Pygott and Crone are pleased to present this outstanding detached bungalow ideally located in a sought-after location within the vibrant Cathedral City of Lincoln. The property is presented to a good standard throughout with sp..."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS! HMO LICENCED PROPERTY! CURRENTLY ACHIEVING 9% YIELD WITH £24,120 PER ANNUM. Built to a high specification with four double bedrooms, two en suites and further shower room with accommodation over three floors this end town house is part of a small exclusive developmen..."
Three bedroom semi-detached house located in the popular area of North Hykeham. Close to local amenities and schools.
"A spacious and well appointed semi detached property with internal accommodation briefly comprising; entrance porch and hall, downstairs WC, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility room, first floor landing, three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Externally there is off road parking and a rear garden."
"This is a stunning semi detached house finished to a high standard throughout, This property is an ideal family home or even as a downsize. located in a popular residential area on the outskirts of Lincoln's City Centre, close to local amenities and a short walk away from Lincolns city centre"
"**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** Five bedroom HMO situated in Uphill Lincoln. This spacious semi detached house is located on Vere Street, just off Newport, to the north side of the city. "
"A spacious, well presented two bedroom detached bungalow with a front and rear garden, off street parking with space for two cars and a garage. The property further benefits from nearby local amenities such as schools, shops, eateries and transport links that travel into the City Centre."
THREE BEDROOMS / DETACHED / POPULAR LOCATION / GARAGE & DRIVEWAY / ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN / MODERN KITCHEN 
Newton Fallowell are pleased to offer for sale this two bedroom detached bungalow situated in the sought after Uphill area of Lincoln. 
"Two/three bedroom detached bungalow situated within this very popular, mature area located off Skellingthorpe Road. With easy access to local amenities and commuting routes, such as the A46. Benefits from an upstairs bedroom or office area, a south facing garden, conservatory, utility room and ga..."
For sale with No Onward Chain is this Bay Fronted Mid Terraced House situated within walking distance of city centre amenities. 
"SPACIOUS AND BEAUTIFULLY POSITONED FAMILY HOME WITH NO ONWARDS CHAIN!! This 3 double bedroom detached home offers 3 double sized bedrooms, bright and airy kitchen-diner, family lounge, family bathroom, two ensuite shower rooms, utility room, ample off street parking and a private rear garden. ONE..."
"A spacious Detached Bungalow located within this popular residential location to the South of Lincoln. The internal accommodation briefly comprises of Entrance Porch, Main Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen Diner, Three good sized Bedrooms and Family Bathroom. Outside there is a block paved Driveway ..."
"Two bedroom bungalow situated within this mature and well established residential area. Comprising of an entrance hall, two double bedrooms, shower room, lounge, and kitchen. Single garage, driveway parking, front and a private rear garden overlooking the fields. SOLD WITH NO CHAIN. The propert..."
"INVESTMENT PURCHASE, 3 self contained apartments, CONVERTED End Terrace, 1 x 2 bed & 2 x 1 bed, CENTRAL LOCATION"
"***** NO ONWARD CHAIN *****
A rare opportunity to purchase this two bedroom detached bungalow with lake views, and situated on Rochester Drive off Skellingthorpe Road."
"THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE, Low Maintenance SECLUDED GARDEN, GARAGE and Driveway Parking, LOUNGE with separate DINING AREA, FITTED KITCHEN and SHOWER ROOM."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! This is a two bedroom detached bungalow situated on Boultham Park Road to the south of the city. The accommodation comprises entrance porch, hall, lounge, two bedrooms, kitchen, utility, shower room, bathroom and conservatory. GIFA is approximately 900 sq.ft, The property occu..."
"** LARGE MID TERRACED HOUSE IN NEED OF MODERNISATION WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present to market this 3 bedroom terraced property on Belmont Street , just off Monks Road, which offers character throughout and is in need of modernisation. Si (cont.)"
"Three bedroom, three storey town house situated within a popular residential location, just off Newark Road in North Hykeham. Comprising internally of an entrance hall, cloakroom, integral garage, kitchen diner, lounge, family bathroom, three bedrooms and two ensuites. Sold with no onward chain."
"Purplebricks are delighted to offer for sale this well presented and spacious three bed terraced house situated within the popular location of North Hykeham. With accommodation comprising; entrance hall, lounge, dining room and kitchen. To the first floor are three bedrooms, master with built i..."
"SEMI-DETACHED HOME WITH HOME OFFICE/GYM! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this very well-presented semi-detached property located within this popular residential location on the northern outskirts of Lincoln. Accommodation briefly comprises entrance hallway, ground floor WC, 14'7"" loun..."
This attractive 3-bedroom home is nestled in a sought-after area and is well placed for easy access to local amenities whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive and beautifully proportioned property offers a gas central heating system and double glazing throughout...
"This is a 3 BEDROOMED EXECUTIVE PENTHOUSE APARTMENT positioned in a popular UPHILL AREA OF LINCOLN and within close proximity to the BAILGATE. The property has accommodation to comprise of Communal Entrance Hallway, Inner Hallway with spiral staircase to the Master Bedroom with En-Suite facilitie..."
"#NO ONWARD CHAIN# A prestigious luxury penthouse apartment on a sought after development enjoying stunning panoramic city and countryside views, with the added benefit of a generous roof terrace and conveniently situated for Lincoln City Centre, within the 'Uphill' Cathedral Quarter and with no..."
"***THE IDEAL MOVE UP THE PROPERTY LADDER*** This recently constructed three bedroom end of terrace property is spread across three floors to offer flexible, versatile living. The property benefits from 10 year NHBC warranty. West Lindsey District Council-Band B."
"GUIDE PRICE £240,000 - £250,000 / NO ONWARD CHAIN / THREE BEDROOMS / DETACHED / CUL-DE_SAC LOCATION / DRIVEWAY & GARAGE "
"Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this spacious detached family home located in the pleasant cul-de-sac position within the popular Doddington Park area of Lincoln. Accommodation benefits from gas central heating and uPVC double glazing and briefly comprises entrance hallway, 14'4"" with..."
"Three bedroom end terrace in the popular uphill area. Located only a short walk from local shops, doctors and Lincoln's famous Cathedral."
Pygott & Crone are delighted to bring to market this well maintained Detached Bungalow which is nicely positioned within the sought after North Hykeham area. The property itself is situated close to many amenities that North Hykeham has to offer as well as easy access to the City Centre and A...
"A five bedroomed house of multiple occupancy (HMO) situated in the City Centre on Monks Road. The property is currently fully let and generating a rental income of approx. £1,600pcm. The property has internal accommodation to comprise of Reception Hallway, Lounge, Ground Floor Bedroom, WC, K..."
NO ONWARD CHAIN / TWO BEDROOMS / DETACHED / IN NEED OF MODERNISATION / CORNER PLOT / DRIVEWAY & GARAGE /
This attractive 1-bedroom Link detached home is nestled in a sought-after area and is well placed for easy access to local amenities whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive and beautifully proportioned property offers an electric heating system and double glazing thr...
PERFECT FAMILY HOME OR INVESTMENT! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this very well maintained bay fronted townhouse located within the ever popular west end area of Lincoln. The property benefits from upvc double glazing and modern gas central heating system and has spacious accommodat...
"Three bedroom detached bungalow tucked neatly into the corner of a mature and well established cul-de-sac within the ever popular location of Doddington Park.This property benefits from a long driveway, well maintained gardens and a garage. No onward chain. The property has local amenities only..."
"This three bedroom detached bungalow is located in a sought after residential area to the South of Lincoln City Centre, close to a wealth of local amenities, bus services and transport links, this is a perfect downsize opportunity. NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"** WELL PRESENTED AND SPACIOUS THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE ** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £240,000 Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented and spacious three bedroom townhouse on Tiber Road, in the ever popular area of North Hykeham. Inter (cont.)"
"Located within this desirable residential area on the northern outskirts of Lincoln is this very well-presented semi-detached property on Wolsey Way. Accommodation briefly comprises entrance hallway, ground floor WC, 14'7"" lounge, 15'4"" kitchen diner with French doors leading to the rear garden, ..."
 A charming three-bedroom home. Offering spacious family accommodation which is a fantastic size with open lounge diner with a good size kitchen. Occupying a lovely plot with inviting private south-west facing garden to the rear and off-road parking to the front including drivew...
"*** AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING FOR AT LEAST 5 VEHICLES *** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this 3 bedroom semi detached property located in the popular Boultham Park area. Internally the accommodation comprises; Entrance Hall, Bay fronted Lounge, Dining Room l (cont.)"
This attractive 3-bedroom  family home is nestled in a sought-after area and is well placed for easy access to local amenities whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive and beautifully proportioned property offers a gas central heating system and double glazing through...
"A larger than average mid terraced house with PLANNING PERMISSION for a loft conversion, located just off Rasen Lane and within a short walk of Lincoln Bailgate and the Historic Cathedral Quarter. Internally this property is wider than similar properties in the area giving larger accommodation t..."
"GUIDE PRICE £240,000 - £260,000 We are extremely pleased to offer for sale this 4 bedroom mid-terrace in an very good living condition, in a fantastic location, within a walking distance to the city centre and University of Lincoln. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
Spacious & modern semi detached house - Three bedrooms - Car port and driveway - Enclosed rear gardens - Easy reach of the City Centre & University
"Located in the popular Boultham Park area is this 3 bedroom semi detached home boasting spacious accommodation with feature characteristics. Accommodation comprises bay fronted lounge, good size dining room leading onto a modern galleried Wren kitchen with integral appliances, utility room and do..."
"The perfect downsize and an ideal place to call home, this three bedroom detached bungalow is situated in a popular residential location close to a plethora and local amenities and is being sold with no onward chain. The property benefits from a corner plot with gardens to front, side and rear an..."
Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this delightful bay fronted semi-detached bungalow which stands upon a generous sized plot within the popular Boultham Park area of Lincoln. Accommodation benefits from gas central heating and uPVC double glazing and briefly comprises spacious entra...
"** IMMACULATELY PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £237,500 Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this beautifully presented three bedroom detached house on Calder Road, in the ever popular area off Brant Road. Internal (cont.)"
DO NOT MISS OUT ON THIS EXCELLENT THREE BEDROOM PROPERTY IN POPULAR LOCATION CLOSE TO THE CITY CENTRE OF LINCOLN. THE PROPERTY IS NOW EMPTY AND BEING SOLD WITH NO CHAIN. A SPACIOUS PROPERTY WITH FANTASTIC POTENTIAL FOR INVESTMENT. *CLICK ON OUR INTERACTIVE VIRTUAL 360 TOUR*
"A well-presented, extended two bedroomed detached bungalow positioned in this popular location within North Hykeham, close to a wide range of local facilities including schools, shops and public houses. The property has internal accommodation to comprise of an Extended Dining Room, two well-appoi..."
"A well presented detached bungalow situated in this pleasant non-estate position within the ever popular village of Bracebridge Heath and being within close proximity to a wide range of amenities available within the village. The internal accommodation briefly comprises of Entrance Porch, Main E..."
"** WELL PRESENTED AND SPACIOUS DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented, and spacious detached bungalow on Alconbury Close, in the ever popular area of Doddington Park. Internally, the property briefly (cont.)"
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A highly sought after and well presented, two bedroomed, second floor retirement apartment situated in the McCarthy and Stone Retirement Development of Avalon Court, to the North of the City of Lincoln and being close to the Bailgate and Lincoln City Centre. Internally the prop..."
"GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £250,000 Located in the ever popular residential area of Glebe Park, this extended three bedroom semi detached property offers the perfect home for the growing family. Call to view today"
"This is an extended three bedroomed semi-detached house situated in a popular location to the South of Lincoln, just off Boultham Park Road. The property has internal living accommodation to comprise of Inner Hallway, bay fronted Lounge, modern fitted Dining Kitchen which leads to the Garden Roo..."
"A spacious Victorian terraced property located within a highly sought after uphill location within the city of Lincoln. The property has living accommodation comprising; Entrance hallway, living room (potential 3rd bedroom), dining/living room with patio doors out to rear garden, kitchen/diner, ..."
"A superb extended Family Home situated within this highly sought after area which boasts great local amenities, schools and transport links. This spacious three Bedroom Semi-Detached House is presented to a high standard and offers light and spacious living accommodation briefly compr..."
***** FABULOUS FIRST-TIME BUYER OPPORTUNITY ***** This attractive well-presented 2-bedroom home is nestled in the sought-after area of uphill Lincoln and is well placed for easy access to local amenities whilst having excellent transport links. This proper...
"*** WELL PRESENTED AND EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE IN POPULAR LOCATION *** OFFFERS IN EXCESS OF £230,000 Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this EXTENDED three bedroom Semi Detached House situated within easy walking distance of local shops, pu (cont.)"
"We are proud to offer this Three Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £230,000 - £255,000*"
Well Presented Three Storey modern Townhouse situated in a city centre position but having the added benefit of Riverside and country side views. 
"Pygott and Crone are delighted to present this Semi Detached home situated within the highly sought after location of Bracebridge Heath which boasts excellent schooling, great local amenities and transport links. This extended three Bedroom Semi Detached House is presented to a good s..."
"A spacious and extended three bedroomed semi-detached house situated in this quite cul de sac location, just off Wolsey Way, to the north of the City of Lincoln. The property is within easy access to Lincoln City Centre, the A46 and the Eastern Bypass. Internally the property offers living accomm..."
"IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR FIRST TIME BUY - This is a three bedroomed mid-terraced property located to the South of Lincoln City Centre, just off the High Street. The property is currently let for £800 per calendar month. The accommodation briefly comprises of Shared Entrance Passage, ..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A modern two bedroomed mid-town house situated in the popular and convenient Roman Wharf Development, to the West of Lincoln City Centre. The property is close to the Fossdyke Canal, with its canal paths leading into the City Centre and the surrounding countryside. The property ..."
"This modernised semi-detached house would make an excellent first time buy or family home, offering extremely well-presented living accommodation comprising; Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen Diner, with Three Bedrooms and Bathroom to the first floor.The property is ideally situated in the sought af..."
This is a Brilliant example of a spacious Three bedroom Semi detached family home. Situated in an ideal location at the head of a Cul De Sac in the popular village of Bracebridge Heath
"A beautifully appointed THREE BEDROOM detached house, benefitting from a delightful location. uPVC double glazing, gas central heating with recently fitted boiler and being sold with no onward chain. "
"***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED DETACHED BUNGALOW*** This pristine, spacious detached bungalow is the ideal purchase for any buyers looking to downsize or move up the property ladder. Ready to move into throughout and benefitting from being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Lincoln City District Council-Band C."
*VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE* Located in this prestigious water front development this two bedroom luxury apartment with balcony giving panoramic views across the city. 
"*NEW PRICE!! DON'T MISS OUT ON THIS FAMILY HOME WITH AN ABUNDANCE OF SPACE, LAKE VIEWS AND NO ONWARDS CHAIN!! This 3 bedroom, 3 storey end of terrace home offers 3 generously sized bedrooms, kitchen, lounge-diner, family bathroom, ensuite to master and a tiered rear garden with lake views. BRIGH..."
"A well presented three bedroom semi-detached house, situated within the popular location of Bracebridge Heath.
Recently upgraded garden 2022.
Contact Yopa.co.uk for a viewing 24/7."
"Greatly improved and modernised by the current vendor. Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this detached bungalow on Somerville Close benefitting from 2 double bedrooms, 16'10"" lounge, spacious kitchen and refitted bathroom. We are advised by the vendor that in 2016 the property has had b..."
"Two bedroom detached bungalow, situated on a corner plot within the ever popular location of North Hykeham. Benefitting from being sold with no onward chain this property comprises of an entrance hall, two double bedrooms, bathroom, lounge, spacious kitchen. Off road parking, gardens to the front..."
"DO NOT MISS OUT ON THIS SPACIOUS AND IMMACULATE HOME IN A QUAINT LOCATION! ** GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £240,000** This 3 bedroom semi-detached home offers 3 generously sized bedrooms, stunning bespoke kitchen-diner, family lounge, shower room, garage and generous gardens. This fully ele..."
"A three bedroomed mid-terraced cottage of character located on Oakleigh Terrace, which lies adjacent to the West Common and close to Lincoln City Centre. The property has internal accommodation to comprise of Inner Hallway with stairs to the First Floor Landing, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Rear..."
"DUPLEX APARTMENT WITH STUNNING CATHEDRAL VIEWS! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this top floor duplex apartment which offers spacious living accommodation and located within easy walking distance of Lincoln Cathedral, Lincoln Castle and the Bailgate area. Accommodation briefly com..."
"PREPARE TO FALL IN LOVE WITH THIS SPACIOUS AND IMMACULATE HOME IN A DESIRABLE LOCATION! This 3 bedroom semi-detached home offers 3 generously sized bedrooms, modern kitchen-diner, family lounge, conservatory, modern shower room, garage and a low maintenance rear garden. HIGHEST OF STANDARDS THROU..."
"ARE YOU LOOKING FOR A DETACHED BUNGALOW that offers AN ABUNDANCE OF SPACE, QUAINT LOCATION, NO ONWARDS CHAIN and so much more. This fantastic bungalow sits on a lovely quaint close which is within a stones throw to a wealth of amenities and beautiful river side walks. Offers an abundance of space..."
"Guide £230,000 - £250,000**NO CHAIN** This semi-detached dorma style bungalow provides generous sized accommodation to fit a plethora of potential buyers needs. The property is offered to market with no chain, and a viewing is a must to fully appreciate the accommodation on offer"
THREE BEDROOMS / SEMI-DETACHED / MODERN THROUGHOUT / EXTENDED / PERFECT FAMILY HOME / DRIVEWAY / ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN 
"NO UPWARD CHAIN We are delighted to present to the market this three bedroom semi detached house. Conveniently situated in the sought after area of North Hykeham, being located less than five miles of the historical city of Lincoln. North Hykeham has a wealth of local amenities includ..."
"This is a great example of a Three bedroom semi detached, in the ever popular area of North Hykeham, close to local amenities and within a short walking distance to North Hykeham train station"
LARGE GARDEN AND AMAZING POTENTIAL! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this spacious bay fronted semi-detached property located in a pleasant cul-de-sac position and benefitting from a larger than average garden and offering excellent potential to turn into a beautiful family home. Accom...
"Guide Price £225,000 - £250,000 Occupying a substantial plot of circa 0.25 acres in a popular location, this three bedroom detached bungalow could be the perfect project for anyone looking to roll up their sleeves and get stuck in"
"*** SOLAR PANELS WHICH ARE OWNED AND BRINGING IN APPROX £500 PER ANNUM *** OFFERS OVER £225,000 Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this 3 bedroom detached property located in the sought after location of North Hykeham. Internally the property briefly (cont.)"
"A spacious modern semi detached house located down a private lane in the heart of the sought after location of North Hykeham. With well presented living accommodation comprising, entrance hall, ground floor double bedroom, fitted kitchen, 21ft living / dining room with patio doors out to garden,..."
This is a wonderful Three bedroom terraced property that is an ideal first time buy or even as an investment. This property offers spacious accommodation inside and outside while also offering great location just a short walk from shops and amenities
THREE BEDROOMS / SEMI-DETACHED / PERFECT FAMILY HOME / MODERN THROUGHOUT / DRIVEWAY / LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN 
This attractive 3-bedroom home is nestled in a sought-after area and is well placed for easy access to local amenities whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive and beautifully proportioned property offers a gas central heating system and double glazing throughout. ...
"***FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*** A traditional double bay fronted mid-terraced property which has the potential to have five let rooms and annual investment return of circa £24,000. Located in the heart of Lincoln's West End close to the University. Lincoln City District Council-Band B."
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** William H Brown are pleased to present this three bedroom terrace on the ever so popular location of the Bailgate, uphill Lincoln. Early and internal viewing is highly recommended to appreciate this property and its location in full."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this Grade II listed cottage located in the sought after area of Nettleham Road, within walking distance to the Bailgate and Cathedral Quarter. There is also easy access to Lincoln City Centre. The property is situated on a corner plot and benefits from secure ..."
***** NO CHAIN ***** This attractive well-presented detached 3-bedroom family home is nestled in a sought-after area and is well placed for easy access to local amenities whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive and beautifully proportioned property offers a gas central heat...
TWO BEDROOMS / DETACHED / LARGE CORNER PLOT / DRIVEWAY & GARAGE / POPULAR LOCATION / NO ONWARD CHAIN 
"***THE PERFECT NEXT MOVE UP THE PROPERTY LADDER*** Offering fantastic, flowing floor space is this extended three bedroom semi-detached property which benefits from a corner plot position and would make a fantastic next move up the property ladder. Lincoln City District Council-Band B."
"***HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION. REFURBISHMENT OPPORTUNITY*** Being sold via modern method of auction, terms & conditions apply. A wonderful opportunity to purchase a spacious detached bungalow in a very desirable location close to Lincoln City Centre. PUT YOUR OWN STAMP ON THINGS! Lincoln Ci..."
***IMPECCABLY PRESENTED DETACHED BUNGALOW*** This fully refurbished two bedroom detached bungalow comes to the market offering a perfect downsize and is ready to move straight into. Located on the ever popular Glebe Park. Lincoln City District Council-Band C.
"Pygott and Crone are delighted to present this outstanding family home which has been modernised throughout. The property boasts well-appointed living accommodation comprising; Entrance Hallway, Lounge, Dining Room, Modern Fitted Kitchen, Utility Room and WC. The first fl..."
**CASH BUYERS**A fantastic opportunity to acquire a contemporary and spacious executive apartment in one of Lincoln's most sought after and award winning developments looking out over the Brayford.
No Forward Chain - A large Three Bedroom Semi-Detached Home within walking distance to lots of amenities and regular public transport. The property has a large private rear garden which back onto a field and benefit from outbuilding & store. There is a block paved drive providing ...
** WELL PRESENTED AND EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE IN POPULAR LOCATION ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented and extended three bedroom semi detached house on Broughton Gardens in the popular Brant Road area of Lincoln. Int (cont.)
"Two Double Bedrooms - Modern Semi Detached Bungalow - Lounge - Conservatory - Large Driveway - Garage - Enclosed Garden - Immaculate Throughout - No Upward Chain Perfect for Investors, 1st Time Buyers & Retirees The property is located only 5 minutes from Lincoln Town Centre, close to shops, ..."
"A well presented and extended semi-detached bungalow situated within this popular residential location, to the South of the City of Lincoln. The internal living accommodation briefly comprises of Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, two Bedrooms and Shower Room. Outside to the front the..."
"A unique detached bungalow, which was originally a gamekeepers lodge, offers an abundance of character and is ideally positioned between Lincoln and North Hykeham. With living accommodation comprising; Entrance hall, living / dining room, kitchen, shower/wet room, and two bedrooms. Outside the ..."
** IMMACULATELY PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this immaculately presented and spacious three bedroom semi detached house WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN on Garrick Close just off Brant Road in the popul (cont.)
"Pygott and Crone are delighted to present this spacious & outstanding family home which has been modernised throughout. The property boasts well-appointed living accommodation comprising; Entrance Hallway, Lounge, Dining Room/Bedroom four, Modern Fitted Kitchen with Breakfast Bar..."
"Enjoying a cul de sac position within the highly desirable Doddington Park suburb of Lincoln is this deceptive 3 bedroom semi detached house offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The full accommodation comprises; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen diner and conservatory. To the first floor are thr..."
"Three bedroom semi-detached home occupying a generous plot within an established cul-de-sac in the Doddington Park area. Comprising internally of an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, conservatory and kitchen, three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Driveway parking, gardens and a detached garage."
"Ready made investment opportunity! Tenants in situ until September 2024 £650pcm.
This three bedroom three storey property on the Carlton Centre in Lincoln is a perfect place for those looking for a family home with the modern twist of having living space over three levels. NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"***GUIDE PRICE £220,000 - £230,000*** Character property with bay fronted window and cellar in the highly sought after uphill location with access to the Bailgate and Cathedral Quarter. Property comprises entrance hall, Lounge with bay fronted window, feature fir..."
THREE BEDROOMS / END TERRACE / MODERN THROUGHOUT / LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN / GARAGE / PERFECT FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS 
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY/HOME OF MULTIPLE OCCUPANCY! A four bedroomed mid terraced home of multiple occupancy located within a short walk from Lincoln University and Lincoln City Centre. The property is currently fully let for the 2022/23 academic year, with an annual income of approx. £20,880..."
"Charming 2-bed detached house on Moor Street, Lincoln in need of modernisation, with garage and parking, close to city centre amenities. *CLICK ON OUR INTERACTIVE VIRTUAL 360 TOUR*"
DETACHED / ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN / POPULAR LOCATION / TWO BEDROOMS / DRIVEWAY & GARAGE / 
"This is a larger than average and extended three bedroomed end terraced property located to the North of Lincoln City Centre, just off Burton Road. The property has been improved by the current owner and offers internal accommodation to comprise of a modern Kitchen Diner, bay fronted Lounge with..."
"Three bedroom semi-detached house situated in the popular North Hykeham area of Lincoln. With two double and one single bedrooms, large lounge/dining room, fitted kitchen (please see description) and beautiful landscaped front and rear gardens. Off road parking for a number of vehicles and availa..."
"£220,000 to £230,000 (Guide Price) Three bedroom link-detached family home occupying a corner plot position within the popular Hartsholme residential area. Comprising internally of an entrance hall with WC, spacious kitchen diner, lounge, three bedrooms, master with ensuite and a family..."
A spacious detached bungalow situated within close proximity of the local amenities and benefiting from a particularly generous corner plot with ample off road parking for numerous vehicles with dual access. The property is being sold with no onward chain.
CASH INVESTORS ONLY -CITY CENTRE APARTMENT WITH TENANTS IN SITU UNTIL AUGUST 2022!Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this second floor apartment located within the popular Witham Wharf development in Lincoln. This property has the benefit of a tenancy in place until March 2022 with the t...
"A three bedroomed semi-detached bay fronted house positioned in this popular village of Bracebridge Heath. The village has a wide range of amenities including schools, shops and public houses. There is also easy access into Lincoln City Centre and Grantham. The property has slightly dated interna..."
SPACIOUS BUNGALOW WITH BAGS OF POTENTIAL INTERNALLY AND EXTERNALLY!! This 3 Bed Detached bungalow is In need of some modernisation but is sat on a wonderful plot positioned in the heart of North Hykeham offering fantastic floor space and so much potential. BOOK YOUR VIEWING NOW!!!! (Freehold / No...
"DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY - A rare opportunity to purchase this extended end terraced house situated in a prime Uphill location and being close to the Lincoln Bailgate and Historic Cathedral Quarter, whilst also having easy access of Lincoln City Centre. The property is partially renovated with ex..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this extended 2 bedroom detached bungalow. The property has been well maintained throughout and comprises of a 13'6"" x 14'0"" lounge diner with feature electric fireplace with wood effect laminate flooring, kitchen with a range of eye and ..."
"This is a well presented-three bedroom terrace house, very pleasantly located overlooking the neighbouring school grounds. Olive Street is located in what is a popular uphill area of Lincoln between Burton Road and Newport, with a good range of shopping facilities on Burton Road. Accommodation c..."
"**IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** Walshe's Property is delighted to bring this six bedroomed end-terrace HMO property to the market, located on Winn Street in Lincoln. Internally, the property offers a spacious lounge, kitchen, six bedrooms & three bathrooms. Externally, the prop..."
** WELL PRESENTED AND SPACIOUS SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN A CUL DE SAC LOCATION** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented and spacious three bedroom semi detached family home situated in a cul de sac location on Winniffe Gardens in the ever popul (cont.)
"** RECENTLY RENOVATED AND IMMACULATELY PRESENTED TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW ** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £215,000 Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this recently renovated and well presented two bedroom detached bungalow on Blyton Road in the ever popular are (cont.)"
"** WELL PRESENTED AND SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** ** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £215,000 ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented and spacious three bedroom semi detached bungalow on Redwood Drive, Just of (cont.)"
***SPACIOUS PERIOD HOME OFFERING BAGS OF FURTHER POTENTIAL*** A unique and characterful cottage offering generous floor space and perfect for any buyers looking to put their own stamp on things. Located close to Lincoln City Centre.
"**DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented and spacious three bedroom detached bungalow on Thorsby Close in the ever popular of Brant Road in Lincoln. Internally, the property briefly co (cont.)"
"** IMMACULATELY PRESENTED AND MOVE IN READY WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented three bedroom semi detached house on Lupin Road, in the ever popular area of Glebe Park just off Wolsey Way. Internally, the property (cont.)"
"PERFECT FIRST HOME OR INVESTMENT BUY! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this immaculately presented modern end town house located in a courtyard position within the ever popular village of Bracebridge Heath. Accommodation briefly comprises impressive 26'2"" open plan living area with Fre..."
***HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION*** This spacious three bedroom semi-detached property is an ideal purchase for any first time buyers/growing families looking to put their own stamp on things. Positioned down a lovely cul-de-sac. BOOK YOUR VIEWING NOW! Lincoln City District Council-Band B.
"*** OFFERS IN EXCESS £210,000 *** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale with NO CHAIN this 2 bed detached bungalow situated in this non-estate position in the popular location of North Hykeham. With accommodation comprising; Entrance Hall, Good sized Lounge/dine (cont.)"
"** DETACHED AND EXTENDED BUNGALOW WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN IN POPULAR LOCATION ** *** OFFERS AROUND £210,000 *** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present with spacious AND EXTENDED two bedroom detached bungalow on Hawkshead Grove, off Searby Road in the ever popular uphill ar (cont.)"
"An opportunity to purchase an apartment in one of the most outstanding conversions in Bracebridge Heath, located in the former St John’s Grade II Listed chapel. Situated on the ground floor, the apartment boasts spacious accommodation with open plan living dining kitchen, good sized family ..."
"A chain free city centre, fourth floor apartment in the popular Thorngate House development which has recently undergone a period of modernisation by the current vendor and is ready to be moved in too and enjoyed by the purchaser and comes with the added benefit of secure gated parking. "
"Enjoying a central location just a short walk from Lincoln City Centre, this three bedroom, three storey property is offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Call today to view"
NO ONWARD CHAIN / TWO BEDROOMS / DETACHED / POPULAR LOCATION / CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES / ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN /
"This 2 bedroom period property is located within walking distance to Lincoln Cathedral. Offered for sale with no onward chain the property comes with well presented accommodation throughout. Spreading over 2 floors the ground floor comprises lounge to front aspect, dining room which leads onto 11..."
"Offered with No Onward Chain. Move straight in! This great sized detached bungalow is situated in the ever popular Glebe Park/Nettleham Fields Development in Lincoln. The property is positioned close to a fantastic range of shops, cafes, takeaway restaurants, su..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £210,000 - £220,000*** Looking for a fantastic three bedroom semi-detached house with development potential in the highly sought after Boultham Park? Property comprises entrance porch, hall with storage and W/C, Lounge with bay window, Dining room..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - This is a three bedroomed detached bungalow located to the South of the City of Lincoln. The property does required full modernisation inside and out and has internal accommodation to comprise of Inner Hallway, Kitchen, Dining Area, Lounge, WC, Bathroom and three Bedrooms. Out..."
***SUPERB INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY***TRADITIONAL TERRACED PROPERTY WITH BASEMENT FLAT*** Looking for your next investment? Potential to split into separate apartments!! NO ONWARD CHAIN! Lincoln City District Council-Band A.
***PERFECT FOR GROWING FAMILIES*** Positioned close to a wealth of local amenities and central for schools is this spacious bay fronted semi-detached property which is sat on a very expansive plot offering further potential perfect for buyers looking to move up the property ladder. Lincoln City D...
***SUPERB FIRST TIME BUY OR MOVE UP THE PROPERTY LADDER*** A modern and impeccably presented three bedroom semi-detached property located close to a wealth of local amenities and benefitting from an Ensuite & Garage. Lincoln City District Council-Band B.
"** WELL PRESENTED 2/3 BED DETACHED HOUSE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented three bedroom detached dormer bungalow on Hawthorn Avenue, just off Brant Road. Internally, the property briefly comprises of Entrance H (cont.)"
"*** GUIDE PRICE £210,000 - £220,000*** Looking for an investment? A four bedroom terraced house in the popular West Parade area close to the University. Currently let for £1800 PCM (inc bills) until 14th July 2023. Let for £1900 PCM (inc bills) from 1..."
Pygott & Crone are delighted to bring to market this recently modernised End of Terrace residence situated within the popular North Hykeham area which boats good local amenities whilst maintaining excellent access to the A46 bypass and the City Centre. This superb property has well...
"OPEN HOUSE - Friday 7th April 13:30 - 14:30, contact us for details. ** COMING SOON ** William H Brown are delighted to present to the market this substantial three bedroom townhouse situated in a quiet waterfront location and benefiting from a host of local amenities within walking distan..."
"** SPACIOUS SEMI DETACHED HOUSE IN POPULAR LOCATION ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented three bedroom semi detached house on Moorland Avenue in a popular area of Lincoln. Internally, the property briefly comprises of Entrance Hallway, (cont.)"
"Located within the popular Brant Road area of Lincoln is this spacious detached bungalow on Broughton Gardens. Accommodation benefits from gas central heating and uPVC double glazing and briefly comprises spacious entrance hallway, 18'7"" lounge diner with sliding patio door overlooking t..."
"Semi-detached 3 Bedroom House, Rear Garden, Driveway Parking with Carport, Lounge, Dining Area, Fitted Kitchen, Bathroom, Gas Central Heating. CLOSE TO AMENITIES"
"** PERFECT FOR THE GROWING FAMILY, FIRST TIME BUYERS OR SOMEONE RENTAL INVESTMENT ** ** OFFERS IN EXCESS £210,000 *** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented and spacious three/four bedroom semi detached house on Orchid Road in the ever popul (cont.)"
"Open plan living on the ground floor, a hideaway bedroom with the second floor all to itself, the Moseley is a new home with great options. Young families, first-time buyers and professionals who have their eye on a potential home office, will enjoy making this flexible home their own."
"PERFECT FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS located on the prestigious development of ROMAN GATE. EXCELLENT SPECIFICATION AND QUALITY BUILD by Award Winning Taylor Lindsey Homes. Accommodation includes Lounge, Kitchen, Hall, Wc, Two Double Bedrooms and Bathroom. Enclosed rear Garden and Driveway. **CALL NOW** "
Pygott & Crone are delighted to present to the market this chain-free detached bungalow in a superb sought after location with a good size plot to both front and rear which is ready to be moved in to and enjoyed. The Bungalow offers flexible accommodation throughout with the intern...
"The 3 bedroom property has recently been redecorated and has a new kitchen and bathroom. The property consists of 3 bedrooms and bathroom to the first floor and kitchen, lounge, dining room and conservatory to the ground floor. Situated in the popular location just off Skellingthorpe Road it has..."
NO ONWARD CHAIN/ IN NEED OF MODERNISATION / DRIVEWAY & GARAGE / CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES / 
"This well presented three bedroom semi detached house is located in a popular residential area just South of Lincoln City Centre, offering spacious and well appointed accommodation throughout, this is the perfect upsize for the growing family. Arrange your viewing today"
"This well presented property is located in the popular uphill area of Lincoln, currently used as a 4 bed let, this could be an ideal investment opportunity for anyone looking to add a fully licenced property to their portfolio"
This attractive well-presented 3-bedroom semi-detached property is nestled in a sought-after area and is well-placed for easy access to local amenities whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive and beautifully proportioned property offers a gas central heating system and do...
"** SPACIOUS DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH BAGS OF POTENTIAL AND NO ONWARD CHAIN ** ** OFFERS AROUND £200,000 ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this spacious three bedroom detached bungalow on Hollywell Road in the ever popular of Brant Road in Lincoln with NO (cont.)"
"*ATTRACTIVELY PRICED INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY* Convenient & Unique Location Backing onto Lincoln Castle! Tenanted for immediate income and now advertised for the 2023/24 academic year. Ideal location for Bishop Grosseteste University. Mr Investa present this superb FOUR BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM invest..."
The business offers an established retail fish and chip shop in an excellent location and is a modern premises with high quality fixtures and fittings. The property is situated in a modern retail area with frontage onto Grantham Road. The property adjoins a Tesco Express and has ...
"Ref:MF0078 - Guide price £200,000 - £210,000 I am delighted to bring to market this absolutely stunning example of a three bedroom semi-detached property.  This property ticks all the boxes, with spacious living room leading through into the beautiful mod..."
"***FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*** A traditional mid-terraced property which is spread over three floors and had four lettable rooms generating an income of circa £18,000 per annum. Located close to Lincoln University. Lincoln City District Council-Band A."
"City Centre Apartment Living....Welcome to Thorngate House and this stunning 4th Floor Apartment ideally located in the heart of Lincoln City Centre with allocated parking space. Here you will find a mix of space and style in the form of a quality Fitted Kitchen, Living/Dining Room op..."
"*ATTRACTIVELY PRICED INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY* Mr Investa present this fantastic FOUR BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM investment property positioned in a popular CUL-DE-SAC location convenient for Lincoln City Centre and the University of Lincoln. FURNITURE INCLUDED."
"Guide Price: £200,000 The freehold interest in a 22 acre residential development site comprising over 300 houses, let to Persimmon Homes Limited for 920 years from 5th August 2013. No ground rent but potential for individual Freehold sales"
"An opportunity to acquire a 6 bedroom student investment property, 0.5 miles from Lincoln University City Campus. Fully let with a current rent of £22,000 pa excl"
"Detached two bedroom bungalow benefiting from no onwards chain, close to a wide range of amenities such as a supermarket, parks, shops and a social club. Early viewing is essential, call now to arrange a viewing!"
"Situated in the popular Thorngate house and offering a city centre position this TWO DOUBLE bedroom 1st floor apartment is enhanced by residents parking, a large balcony and NO CHAIN, this is a must be seen home."
"This three storey mid town house offers elevated views over the city, is located near the Arboretum Park and a few minutes walk from the Uphill Area of Lincoln City."
"This is a beautifully presented two bedroomed end terraced cottage positioned in this popular Uphill location, close to Burton Road. The property has been greatly improved by the current owner and offers internal accommodation to comprise of Lounge, modern fitted Kitchen Diner, Inner Hallway, Bat..."
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** This two double bedroom cottage boasts a prime location, being situated in the Bailgate area with access to a vast range of local amenities. Early, internal viewing is strongly recommended to avoid disappointment."
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** This two double bedroom cottage boasts a prime location, being situated on Bailgate in Lincoln's Historic cathedral quarter with access to a vast range of local amenities. Early, internal viewing is strongly recommended to avoid disappointment."
"A traditional 3 bedroom bay fronted terraced house in the prestigious and popular Uphill area of Lincoln. The property is currently used as a house of multiple occupancy with 2 rooms let, but could be sold with vacant possession and whilst it requires some modernisation, would make a great first ..."
"Well Presented Detached Bungalow situated in a cul de sac position within the popular Glebe Park area to the North of Lincoln City Centre. The accommodation comprises Entrance Porch, Lounge, Inner Hallway, Kitchen, Shower Room and Two Bedrooms. Outside there is an enclosed low maintenance gard..."
**CASH BUYERS** A fantastic opportunity to acquire a contemporary and spacious executive apartment in one of Lincoln's most sought after and award winning developments looking out over the Brayford.
"This three bedroom property offers spacious accommodation and ample storage space throughout as-well as having plenty of potential, allowing the new buyers to put their own stamp on the property! Situated in a prime location, just a short distance to all local amenities and nearby schooling. To..."
"HMO INVESTMENT PROPERTY, 5 Bedrooms, Semi Detached, Open Plan Kitchen / Living, TWO SHOWER ROOMS."
***PERFECT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*** This modern and contemporary SIXTH FLOOR apartment is located right in the heart of Lincoln City Centre and close to Lincoln University making this a wonderful addition to the investment portfolio. Lincoln City Council- Band C.
"Three bedroom starter home making for an ideal first time buy or investment purchase, well positioned within a cul-de-sac within a popular residential area. This property has been modernised to a high standard, comprising of an Entrance hall, WC, kitchen/diner, living Room, three Bedrooms and a f..."
"Pygott and Crone are delighted to present this spacious two Bedroom townhouse is situated just a short and pleasant walk from Lincoln's City Centre. The accommodation briefly comprises: Living & Dining Room, Downstairs WC, fitted Kitchen with excellent storage options. The first fl..."
Student Housing Lincoln are pleased to offer this 4 bedroom HMO property located in the High Street area. This represents an excellent investment opportunity with additional scope to increase the rental return by installing a 5th bedroom via a loft conversion.
"FOOD OUTLET AND FOUR BED FAMILY HOME! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this very well presented mixed residential and commercial premises which has been the home and successful business premises of the same family for almost 70 years, offering a wide variety of potential uses subje..."
"Having recently been redecorated and re-carpeted throughout, this 2 bedroom bungalow is situated in the ever popular Roman Wharf area, a stones throw from the town centre, but also offering great links to the A46 bypass. Having NO CHAIN, the accommodation consists of Lounge, Kitchen, 2 bedrooms ..."
"** WELL PRESENTED AND SPACIOUS END TERRACED HOUSE IN POPULAR LOCATION ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented and spacious three bedroom end terraced house on Wells Drive, in the popular location of Bracebridge Heath. Internally, the prop (cont.)"
"Guide Price £190,000 - £210,000 A spacious semi detached house located in a popular area just South of Lincoln City Centre within walking distance of amenities, schooling and much more. NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"Three bedroom semi-detached home, situated in North Hykeham, making for an ideal investment or first time buyer purchase. Comprising of an entrance hall, WC, lounge, dining room, kitchen, three bedrooms and a bathroom. Front and rear gardens, off road parking. No chain."
"** THREE BEDROOM BUNGALOW WITH BAGS OF POTENTIAL AND NO ONWARD CHAIN ** *** OFFERS AROUND £190,000 *** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, this 3 bedroom DETACHED bungalow on Pine Close, in the popular Brant Road area of Lincoln. "
"This is a spacious Two bedroom terraced house located in the highly sought after location of Bracebridge Heath. This property offers great space internally but generous land to the rear, offering great potential to any buyer"
"A stunning 3 bedroom end of terrace house with a spacious garden, located in a popular residential area on the outskirts of Lincolns city centre. Perfect for first time buyers, second time buyers, or perhaps someone looking to downsize. This property is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"This well presented, four bed let property is being sold with tenants in situ until August 2024 making it a perfect buy to let opportunity for any investor looking to add to their portfolio. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, viewing is highly recommended"
"This immaculate three bedroom property enjoys a quiet location in the heart of Lincoln's West End area, offering a picture perfect home ready for a new purchaser to just move in and relax. NO ONWARD CHAIN"
We are delighted to bring to market this Semi-detached 3 Bedroom property with spacious internal accommodation and endless potential internally and externally. With modernisation needed this is a property ready to get working on and make your own. This is one you do not want to miss out on!! Book...
***ATTENTION FIRST TIME BUYERS & INVESTORS*** Ideally located close to Lincoln City Centre and a wealth of local amenities is this three bedroom detached property which offers way more than meets the eye and offers bags of potential! BEING SOLD WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN.
" Purplebricks are delighted to offer for sale this spacious two bedroom luxury apartment over looking the Brayford in the heart of Lincoln city. Accommodation comprises entrance hall, light and airy open plan kitchen diner/living area with stunning kitchen and built in appliances. There are tw..."
"A bay front mid terraced house situated within close proximity of Lincoln City Centre. The property offers accommodation which briefly comprises of Entrance Passage, Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, 23ft Dining Kitchen and First Floor Landing leading to three Bedrooms and Shower Room. Outsid..."
***SPACIOUS SEMI-DETACHED ON A CORNER PLOT WITH A GARAGE*** This spacious three bedroom semi-detached property is perfect for any first time buyers/growing families wanting to put their own stamp on things. Lincoln City District Council-Band A.
"Being offered for sale with NO CHAIN this 3 bedroom semi, has lots of potential. Situated close to all amenities including schools, doctors and shops and only a few minutes from Lincoln Town Centre its also close to Hartsholme Country Park and access is good for the A46 Bypass. "
Within walking distance of the city centre and uphill areas this three storey terraced house situated at the top of Arboretum Avenue enjoys views extending over the Lincoln Gap. 
"This is a bay fronted, three bedroom mid terrace situated in the uphill residential are of the City close to the castle & cathedral district. Accommodation comprises; lounge, dining room, kitchen, bathroom and two bedrooms. There is an enclosed courtyard garden to the rear with paved patio and ga..."
Modern Mid Townhouse situated on the North side of Lincoln city with easy access to the Burton Road area which boasts good aeminities. 
Being sold with tenants in situ until July 2023 this property is an ideal investment opportunity earning £1305pcm. Situated in the ever popular West End of Lincoln it offers flexible living accommodation over 2 floors. 
"No onward chain. A well presented two bed detached bungalow situated within a popular residential area on the outskirts of Lincoln. With accommodation comprising; entrance porch, lounge, kitchen, two bedrooms, and bathroom. Outside there is a generous driveway providing off street parking for ..."
"** PERFECT STARTER HOME WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this great sized perfect starter home on Bramble Court in the ever popular village of Bracebridge Heath. Internally, the property comprises of Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, F (cont.)"
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A bay fronted mid-terraced house situated just off Lincoln High Street and being within close proximity to Lincoln City Centre. The spacious three storey living accommodation briefly comprises of Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Utility Area and WC. The First Floor Landing leads ..."
William H Brown are delighted to present this exceptionally presented two bedroom mid terraced property in the ever popular and sought after Bailgate area of Lincoln. Offering local proximity within walking distance to a vast range of local amenities this property is ideally located for city living.
"An extended three/four bedroomed semi-detached house situated within this popular location and is within walking distance of the Birchwood Shopping Centre and local primary schooling. Internally the property requires modernisation and has living accommodation briefly comprising of Hall, Lounge, D..."
"Three Bedroom Bay Fronted Terraced House situated in Uphill Lincoln near to Burton Road and the Cathedral Quarter. The accommodation benefits from gas central heating and double glazing and comprises: Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Lobby, Bathroom and three Bedrooms to the first floor. Ou..."
"CORPORATE TENANCY COMMENCING 1ST APRIL 2023 FOR FIVE YEARS - INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY ONLY - This is a completely refurbished three bedroomed, three storey, end town house located just off Monks Road and close to Lincoln City Centre. The property has been greatly improved by the current owners and..."
Prime Uphill location - Ground Floor Apartment - Parking space - Well presented - No onward chain
"***** NO ONWARD CHAIN *****
A three bedroom terraced house, situated within the popular location of Doddington Park.
Contact Yopa.co.uk for a viewing 24/7"
"** TERRACED HOUSE WITH HEAPS OF POTENTIAL AND VIEWS OVER LINCOLN ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this spacious, three bedroom terraced property on Alexandra Terrace, in the ever popular central area in Lincoln. Internally, this three storey property o (cont.)"
Pygott and Crone are delighted to present this three Bedroom terraced home located on the popular Mill Road which is within easy reach of Lincoln’s historic city centre and Cathedral Quarter which is being sold with the added benefit of having No Onward Chain and provides the perfect purcha...
This is a rare opportunity for somebody to purchase this terraced house in a prime location in the uphill part of Lincoln with full planning reference 2021/0663/FUL for Four studio apartments
REFURBISHMENT & DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY*** Full planning granted 14/10/2021. Reference 2021/0663/FUL for 4x Studios. 
"This is a brilliant example of a 3/4 bedroom terraced property located perfectly in the heart of the popular city of Lincoln. This Property is perfect as an investment opportunity, or perhaps even as your next family home. NO CHAIN"
"PERFECT INVESTMENT PROPERTY This well presented Three Bedroom (Four Lettable), Two Reception Room Bay Fronted Terraced Home is the perfect investment property. The property is currently empty however not many homes at this price point can offer such a high yield when fully let. <..."
"Situated within the northern outskirts of Lincoln, Starkey&Brown are delighted to offer for sale with no onward chain is this 3 bedroom semi-detached home. Accommodation briefly comprises a welcoming entrance hallway, lounge, separate dining room with French doors leading onto the rear garden and..."
"This One bedroom apartment/flat is a wonderful opportunity to live in the popular city of Lincolns city centre, offering great location and spacious accommodation. If you're a first time buyer, or even an investor this one is for you"
"A three bedroom semi-detached house, situated on a generous plot within the ever popular glebe park on the suburbs to the north of the city centre.
The property is very close to the A46 bypass providing easy access to both Lincoln, and Newark.
Contact yopa.co.uk for a viewing 24/7."
"GUIDE PRICE £180,000 - £200,000 This two bedroom semi detached house is located in the highly sought after Bracebridge Heath area of Lincoln close to plenty of amenities, transport links and much more. An ideal step onto the property ladder or investment property, viewing is highly recommended"
"**READY MADE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - TWO SELF CONTAINED FLATS** GUIDE PRICE £180,000 - £190,000 A huge opportunity for investors in a popular central location within a short distance of Lincoln Hospital, Lincoln College and the improving city centre which is bei..."
"A semi detached bungalow enjoying a generous plot within the popular residential area of Glebe Park on the northern outskirts of Lincoln. With living accommodation comprising entrance hall, kitchen, side uPVC porch, living/dining room, two bedrooms, shower room and garden room. Outside there i..."
"This spacious semi detached house enjoys a quiet position in a popular residential location just North of Lincoln City Centre. With living accommodation comprising: entrance hall, living room, dining room, kitchen, conservatory, downstairs W.C, three bedrooms and family bathroom. Outside ther..."
"Well presented three bedroom semi detached property, close to the city centre. With pleasant garden to the rear and driveway. *CLICK ON THE 360 VIRTUAL TOUR*"
"***GUIDE PRICE £180,000 - £190,000*** A three bedroom semi-detached family home with generous gardens. Accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge diner and kitchen. There is a conservatory with views over the garden, utility area and downstairs WC. To the fir..."
"A well-presented Three-Storey modern Town House, situated in the City Centre of the historic Cathedral and University City of Lincoln. The property benefits from a secure gated entrance and allocated parking. Flexible living accommodation briefly comprising of; Entrance Ha..."
"***FOR SALE VIA MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION, TERMS & CONDITIONS APPLY*** We are delighted to bring to market this Semi-detached 3 Bedroom Dorma Bungalow with spacious internal accommodation and endless potential internally and externally and the luxury of NO ONWARDS CHAIN!! With modernisation ne..."
"Made for sale with no onward chain is this period property located within the Monks Road area of Lincoln city centre. Situated a short 30 minute walk to the main commercial High Street area, the home boasts 3 spacious bedrooms and comes with well maintained interiors. The ground floor comprises o..."
NO ONWARD CHAIN! This modern build mid terraced property is situated in a popular residential area on the edge of the city of Lincoln. The property's location offers good access to the city centre and the Cathedral quarter as well as major roads out of the city. The accommodation comprises: f...
"A well-presented two bedroomed end town house situated within this popular Uphill Area of Lincoln, just off Greetwell Road and being within close proximity to Lincoln City Centre, Bailgate Area and the Cathedral Quarter. The property benefits from gas central heating, UPVC double glazing and offe..."
"Student Housing Lincoln are pleased to offer this excellent investment opportunity on Kirkby Street, Lincoln. The HMO property comprises 3 large bedrooms and is fully let for the current and 23/24 academic year."
"** WELL PRESENTED PERFECT STARTER HOME IN QUIET CUL DE SAC LOCATION ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented two bedroom semi detached house on Akeman Drive in the ever popular area of Bracebridge Heath. Internally, the property comprises (cont.)"
"This spacious and well presented bungalow is in the sought after location of Doddington Park.  The property is well positioned to provide easy and convenient access to an excellent range of local amenities, shops, schools, supermarkets, road, rail and public transport links within the h..."
"A spacious bay fronted end terrace enjoying a waterside position overlooking the canal, within the sought after 'West End' of Lincoln. With well presented living accommodation comprising; Entrance, bay fronted living room, kitchen / diner, downstairs bathroom, two first floor DOUBLE bedrooms and..."
"Situated in the highly sought after Birchwood area is this two bedroom semi-detached home benefitting from generous utility/storage room, two double bedrooms, private driveway providing off road parking and local access to a range of amenities. Call now to arrange a viewing!"
"***** No Onward Chain *****
CONTACT Yopa.co.uk for a viewing. A three bed semi-detached house situated to the south of the city, within walking distance to local amenities."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN !! A modern two bedroom town house situated in the popular St George's Park and being convenient for the A46 bypass, A57 and Lincoln City Centre. The property offers the following accommodation: entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen/diner with a range of appliances and patio d..."
INVESTORS ONLY / DRIVEWAY / REAR GARDEN / CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION / CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES 
***IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR MOVE UP THE PROPERTY LADDER*** This extended and well presented three bedroom mid-terraced property offers spacious accommodation throughout and is located close to a wealth of local amenities. Benefitting from Off Street Parking. Lincoln City District Council-Band B.
"Situated in a popular and sought after uphill area within the historical cathedral city of Lincoln is this well presented one bedroom semi-detached home. Internal accommodation briefly comprises: entrance hall, lounge/kitchen, downstairs WC, one double bedroom and a bathroom."
"Newton Fallowell are pleased to offer this two bedroom, two storey apartment situated in a popular residential area in the centre of Lincoln. Close to local shops, doctors and university."
This three bedroom property is located in an extremely popular residential area just South of Lincoln City centre within walking distance of a wealth of amenities and close to fantastic transport links. NO ONWARD CHAIN
"Three bedroom terraced house located just off the high street on the modern and popular development of Anchor Quay. Well situated being within walking distance to the city centre, shops, University and Lincoln train station. No onward chain."
"A spacious mid terraced family home in this popular residential location on the outskirts of the City of Lincoln. The property offers well presented living accommodation throughout comprising; Entrance Hall, Modern Fitted Breakfast / Kitchen, Living Room opening into a Family/Garden Room extensi..."
Pygott & Crone are delighted to present to the market this fantastic two bedroom Duplex apartment within the popular Beaumont Court Development located in the heart of the Cathedral City of Lincoln. The spacious apartment is accessed by the second floor of the building and briefly ...
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! This is a two bedroom semi-detached bungalow, renovated by the current owner to provide a modern kitchen and bathroom.. The accommodation comprise, entrance porch, lounge, kitchen, bathroom and two bedrooms, There is off street parking to the frontage with landscaped garden a..."
"#NO ONWARD CHAIN#
A spacious extended semi detached house located in this popular residential area on the northern outskirts of the city of Lincoln The property has well presented and spacious living accommodation comprising, entrance hall, 19ft living room, modern fitted kitchen, dining room an..."
"** PERFECT TWO BEDROOM STARTER HOME IN POPULAR LOCATION ** *** OFFERS OVER £170,000 *** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented and spacious two bedroom end terraced house on Dunkirk Road in a popular uphill location. Internally, the (cont.)"
"Enjoying an Uphill location is this 2 bedroom mid terrace property. Being well maintained by the current owner, the property comes with gas central heating and uPVC double glazing throughout. The ground floor boasts a lounge and dining room, whilst having kitchen overlooking the rear garden. Risi..."
"WELL PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM TERRACE PROPERTY, IDEAL LOCATION, JUST A SHORT WALK TO THE CITY CENTRE. A MUST VIEW TO FULLY APPRECIATE! *CLICK ON OUR INTERACTVIE VIRTUAL 360 TOUR*"
This three bedroom property close to Lincoln City Centre has a full HMO Licence to be used as a 4 bedroom let (granted 22nd March 2019) and offers a fantastic opportunity for an investor
"** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £170,000 ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented 2 bedroom semi detached house on Foxglove Way off Calder Road, in the ever popular Brant Road area of the city. Internally the property briefly comprises of Entrance (cont.)"
A particularly well presented two bedroom semi-detached home situated in a popular residential location in the Brant Road area of the city. Early internal viewing is highly recommended to appreciate this property in full.
"GUIDE PRICE £179,000 - £180,000 This three bedroom semi detached house is in a popular residential area to the North of Lincoln's City Centre, close to shops, schools and much more this could be an ideal family home"
"Situated in a sought after location just South of Lincoln City Centre, this three bedroom end of terrace house could be a perfect step on the ladder for a first time buyer or a great addition to a portfolio for a buy to let investor. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, early viewing is advised"
"A well presented two bed semi-detached house situated on a generous corner plot, and within walking distance of Lincolns town centre. Benefitting from NO ONWARD CHAIN, with accommodation comprising; entrance hallway, living opening to kitchen / dining room. To the first floor are two bedrooms, a..."
A traditional bay-front terraced home within a stone’s throw of the City Centre which has proved a solid investment for the owner over a number of years; coming to the market chain free and ready to be enjoyed by the next purchaser. Accessed via a shared passage way the accommoda...
"A Semi-Detached House located in this popular Uphill location just off Greetwell Road to the North of Lincoln. The internal accommodation briefly comprises of Entrance Porch, Lounge, Dining Kitchen, First Floor Landing leading to Two Bedrooms, En-suite and Family Bathroom. Outside there are Garde..."
"This is a well presented three bedroomed mid terraced house located to the South of Lincoln. The accommodation comprises of shared Entrance Passage, bay fronted Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Bathroom and First Floor Landing leading to three Bedrooms. Outside there is a small walled garden and an ..."
**********NO CHAIN********** This attractive 3-bedroom home is not one to miss out on. This is a very desired location with easy access to plenty of local shops and amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive...
FULLY REFURBISHED THROUGHOUT / DRIVEWAY & GARAGE / PERFECT FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS / POPULAR LOCATION / 
"GUIDE PICE £170,000 - £180,000 This extended two bedroom property is in a sought after location close to amenities, transport services and much more. The property is well presented throughout and has extra ground floor living space ideal for a young family"
A four bedroomed bay fronted mid terraced house situated within a short walk of Lincoln High Street and a range of local shops and facilities. The property is also well located for Lincoln University. The property has accommodation over three storeys and is in need of some modernisation. With liv...
"*** LANDLORDS ONLY *** A Most Desirable Extended Semi Detached Home In a Highly Sought-After Residential Location. Provides a spacious living/dining room, well fitted kitchen, conservatory, bathroom & 3 bedrooms. Also has off street parking & detached single garage. Gardens front & rear."
"Being offered for sale with NO CHAIN this 2 bedroom semi detached house is located just to the south of the City. Being close to all amenities including, shops, schools and Hartsholme Park it has lots to offer. The property would benefit from modernisation and would be an ideal first time buy. "
***NEW RELEASE - TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME***. Situated on the desired Roman Gate development and built by Award Winning Taylor Lindsey Homes. *THIS HOME IS OFFERED AS PART OF OUR LOW COST HOMES PROGRAMME AND SOLD AT 80% OF MARKET VALUE. TERMS AND CONDITIONS APPLY. ENQUIRE TODAY.
NO ONWARD CHAIN - A beautifully presented two double bedroomed First Floor Apartment situated in this highly sought after luxury Retirement Development by McCarthy and Stone. The Development is well located within the uphill area of Lincoln and being close to the Bailgate and Cathedral Quarter. ...
Offered for sale with no chain and enjoying a cul de sac location within this popular development.
Offering an excellent first time or investment purchase is this Two Bedroom Coach House with Garage on this popular modern development.
"Pygott & Crone are delighted to be marketing this ready-made investment with a history of proven rental potential the vendor advises that currently its returning an excess of £16,000 per annum. The property is currently being let to professionals and is in good order throughout. "
"This charming two-bedroom terrace property near Lincoln features a dressing room/nursery, ample storage, modern bathroom, spacious kitchen, enclosed rear garden, and on-street parking. *CLICK ON OUR INTERACTIVE VIRTUAL 360 TOUR*"
"This two bedroom mid-terraced home with tenants currently in situ benefits from a highly sought after village location, lounge and dining room, off road parking for several cars and front and rear gardens. Early internal viewing is highly recommended to avoid disappointment."
** WELL PRESENTED AND SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented and spacious two bedroom semi detached house on Beech Street just off Newark Road. Internally the property briefly comprises of Entra (cont.)
Well presented semi detached bungalow - Close to Lincoln City Centre - Two bedrooms - Garage and off road parking - No onward chain
A modern two-bedroom apartment in a desired private location. This property has stunning views over the canal and is only a 5-minute walk into the city center! This property is for an investor. Offering spacious accommodation that is open plan throughout. This property has a...
"** THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE IN POPULAR LOCATION ** ** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £165,000 ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this spacious THREE bedroom semi detached house on Hackthorn Place in the ever popular Ermine East area of Lincoln. Int (cont.)"
"THREE BEDROOM Terraced House, situated close to Lincoln City centre and within walking distance of amenities such as schools, doctors and supermarkets."
"Welcoming a 3 bedroom terraced house, situated within a great location offering close range to a wide range of amenities as well as excellent road and transport links. The property itself offers a bright and spacious layout including a lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen and 3 generously sized ..."
A beautifully presented traditional three bedroom bay fronted property which would make an ideal first time buy and is located close to Lincoln City Centre. Ready to move straight into! Book your viewing now! Lincoln City District Council-Band A.
ATTENTION INVESTORS AND FIRST TIME BUYERS! CHARMING THREE BEDROOM MID TERRACE CLOSE TO THE CITY CENTRE. A MUST VIEW! *CLICK ON OUR INTERACTIVE VIRTUAL 360 TOUR*
"***GUIDE PRICE £160,000 - £170,000*** Looking for an investment property within walking distance from the city centre? Look no further... A three storey four lettable room end terraced house on Sincil Bank. Currently let to students for £1500 pcm (inc bills..."
***ATTENTION FIRST TIME BUYERS AND INVESTORS*** A fantastic opportunity to get onto the property ladder with this spacious three bedroom semi-detached property which is located in a highly sought after location off Brant Road close to a wealth of amenities. NO ONWARD CHAIN. *Freehold-Lincoln Cit...
"Guide Price £160,000 - £180,000 This three bedroom bay fronted property is located just a stone's throw from the hustle and bustle of Lincoln's lively city centre with a wide range of local amenities including shops, schooling and retail outlets"
"A modernised and improved Two Bedroom Apartment located within the centre of the Cathedral City of Lincoln which is ideal for a range of buyers including first time buyers, investors & home movers alike and is a short distance away from a range of amenities as well as Lincoln's improving tran..."
"A superb First Floor Two Bedroom Apartment situated in the prestigious Cathedral Heights gated development in the popular village of Bracebridge Heath. This spacious apartment offers modern accommodation comprising, Entrance Hall, Open Plan Living / Dining Room with Large Kitchen Area. There are..."
"Rental Investment Property which is currently Fully let and managed until August 2023 at £250 per week. The property is also Fully let and managed the following year to August 2024 at £270 per week. 2 Double Bedrooms, Lounge, Fitted Kitchen and downstairs Bathroom. EPC Rating C. No Onward Chain."
"An opportunity to acquire a student investment property providing 4 bedrooms and communal lounge/kitchen and bathroom. Fully let and producing £17,000 per annum excl"
"Extended and well presented two bedroom end of terrace property in a popular area, boasting no onwards chain. Early viewing is highly recommended."
"Bay Fronted Mid Terrace House situated just off the High Street, close to a range of local amenities and just a short walk from the Centre of Lincoln. "
"IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! - Exclusive 4th floor apartment. Sought after location along The Brayford. NEXT TO THE UNIVERSITY. Concierge service, secure gated PARKING SPACE. The property is being sold with NO CHAIN!"
"AMAZING POTENTIAL!! Starkey&Brown are delighted to offer this surprisingly spacious and charming end townhouse located within easy walking distance of Lincoln City centre. The property offers spacious rooms, high ceilings, a wealth of original features and offers amazing potential to create a..."
"Two bedroom second floor apartment within the purpose built over 55's retirement development, Minster Court of Bracebridge Heath. Including a modern kitchen, wet room and master bedroom with walk in wardrobe. This property is sold with vacant possession and no onward chain."
"Burnett & Lee are presenting this beautifully presented 2 double bedroom property, with refitted 4 peice bathroom, landscaped front and rear gardens, home office with power, lighting and heating, off road parking for multiple vehicles. This cul de sac position is a perfect family home. !!Book now!!"
"A particularly spacious three bedroom family home situated in a popular residential location and offering a particularly generous garden to the rear, off road parking to the front, double glazing and gas central heating. Early and internal viewing is highly recommended to appreciate this property."
"A spacious semi detached house enjoying a larger than average corner plot, located in this popular residential area on the northern outskirts of the city of Lincoln The property has well presented living accommodation comprising, entrance hall with under stairs storage, large living / dining roo..."
"This is a well presented Two Bedroom Modern Semi-Detached House positioned in this popular Uphill location on Nettleham Fields, just off Wolsey Way. The property has Gardens to the front and rear and a Driveway to the side providing off road parking and giving vehicular access to a Garage. The ..."
"FIVE MINUTES WALK TO THE BAILGATE! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this very well presented ground floor apartment located only a few minutes walk from Lincoln's historic Bailgate area. The property is located within an excellently maintained gated courtyard, with secure elec..."
"Pridea Sales are pleased to present this three bedroom, three storey property in a popular location in the historic city of Lincoln. The property has a unique blend of traditional features and modern upgrades, making it an attractive proposition for any purchaser. Call today to organise a viewing."
* ATTENTION INVESTORS * Currently let and achieving £8100 per annum this top floor apartment is located in this popular city centre development and walking distance of the High Street and University. 
"A detached bungalow situated in this popular residential location to the south of Lincoln. The internal accommodation briefly comprises of Entrance Porch, Main Entrance Hall, Lounge Diner, Breakfast Kitchen, two Bedrooms and Bathroom. Outside there are gardens to both the front and rear, driveway..."
"No Onward Chain! A highly sought after and well-presented one bedroomed second floor apartment situated in the McCarthy and Stone Retirement Development of Avalon Court, to the North of the City of Lincoln. Being within close proximity to the Bailgate and has easy access into the City Centre. The..."
"A two bedroomed semi-detached house situated in a cul-de-sac location within the popular uphill area of Glebe Park and having easy access to Lincoln City Centre, the A46 Bypass, Lincoln Eastern Bypass and Lincoln Hospital. Internally, the property offers living accommodation to briefly comprise ..."
Two bedroom semi-detached house with private parking and enclosed rear garden. Located close to Lincoln's City Centre
"** WELL PRESENTED AND SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this well presented and spacious three bedroom terraced house in the ever popular area of Foster Street. Internally, the property comprises of Entrance Hallway (cont.)"
THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM Bay Fronted Terraced situated within walking distance of the City Centre. Currently tenanted and achieving £775 PCM.
"*** Parking for at least 3 vehicles as well as a carport and garage *** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this 1 Bedroom Semi Detached Bungalow situated in the sought after Doddington Park area. Internally the property briefly comprises; Lounge, Kitchen/Dine (cont.)"
"IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - This is a two bedroomed semi-detached terraced house located in a prime uphill location, just off Burton Road. The property is currently let at £675 per calendar month and is being sold with the tenant in situ. Internally, the accommodation briefly comprises ..."
ATTENTION INVESTORS ** LET FOR THE NEXT ACADEMIC YEAR TO ACHIEVE £1212 PCM ** Two bedroom terraced house located close to Lincoln City Centre and the University. NO ONWARD CHAIN.
"A luxury first floor apartment finished to a high standard in the sought after water front development of Brayford Wharf North with internal accommodation briefly comprising; entrance hall, open plan lounge / kitchen / diner with integrated appliances, one double bedroom and a bathroom."
"Situated in the highly sought after City Centre of Lincoln is this modern one bedroom apartment which briefly comprises: kitchen/living area, a double bedroom and bathroom. Call now to arrange a viewing and appreciate this property in full!"
"An ideal opportunity to purchase this first floor apartment available at a retirement development where maintaining the independence of residents is the primary focus. Weekly service cleans, Lift access, visitor guest suite, communal gardens and an on-site restaurant are key features."
***ATTENTION FIRST TIME BUYERS*** Being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this spacious and impeccably presented two bedroom mid-terraced property which benefits from a SOUTH FACING rear garden and is the ideal purchase for buyers looking to get on the property ladder. Lincoln City District Council-Ba...
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, 3 Bedroom House, CURRENTLY LET at £587.50 PCM, 2 Reception Rooms, SHOWER ROOM, LARGE GARDEN, NO ONWARD CHAIN"
***PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT*** Located right in the heart of Lincoln's ever popular West End is this traditional period terraced property which is the perfect purchase for any buyers looking to put their own stamp on things. NO ONWARD CHAIN. Lincoln City-Band A.
"Burnett & Lee are presenting this 3 to 4 bedroom property based in the catchment area of LSST academy. This extended 3 bedroom property offers re fitted downstairs shower room and addition 4th bedroom or 3rd reception room, This property is a perfect FTB or investment opportunity. VACANT POSSESSION."
"A spacious semi-detached house located in a popular residential area to the south of the city of Lincoln. With internal accommodation briefly comprising; Entrance hall, living / dining room, kitchen utility area, first floor landing leading to two double bedrooms and family bathroom. Outside t..."
"GUIDE PRICE £150,000 - £170,000 This three bedroom bay fronted is located just a stone throw from the hustle and bustle of Lincolns city centre. This property offers great space internally with Three double bedrooms with a potential Fourth"
ATTENTION INVESTORS - CURRENTLY LET AND ACHIEVING £7560 PER ANNUM 
"LARGE GARDEN AND GREAT VIEWS! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this surprisingly spacious 3 storey town town house located only a short walk away from Lincoln city centre. Accommodation is spread over 3 floors and briefly comprises entrance hallway to the ground floor level, lounge..."
"GUIDE PRICE £150,000 - £170,000 Situated in the popular area of Bracebridge Heath, just a short drive from Lincoln city centre, this two bedroom Terraced house offers not just a great location but great internal space, making this a perfect first time buy"
"GUIDE PRICE - £150,000 - £160,000 - This well presented two bedroom semi detached house is located in a popular residential area just South of Lincoln City Centre with excellent amenities, transport links and much more. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. ANNUAL INCOME APPROX. £9,600P.A GIVING AN APPROX. YIELD OF 6.4% A fantastic opportunity to purchase a 3 bedroom mid terraced house located just off Lincoln High Street within a short walk of a local range con shops and facilities, the city centre, train station an..."
"GUIDE PRICE - £150,000 - £170,000 -Offered for sale with no onward chain and with TENANTS IN SITU is this period city centre terraced property. Currently achieving £750pcm and returning £9,000pa. Accommodation briefly comprises lounge, dining room, downstairs WC, kitchen,..."
"City centre semi detached house laid out with three bedrooms has a cul de sac position within a few minutes walk of Lincoln University, Brayford Wharf, the High Street and bars and restaurants. The property benefits from upvc double glazing, gas central heating and is offered for sale with no chain."
DESIRABLE UPHILL LOCATION Two bedroom first floor apartment located in this extremely sought after location off Greetwell Road being close to Lincolns County Hospital and the Bailgate area. Available for an investment purchase with tenants in situ until July 2023 offering a gross 6% yield. No chain.
"No Onward Chain. This well presented two double bedroom semi-detached bungalow is situated in the ever popular residential area of Boultham Park. The bungalow is well served with an excellent choice of local amenities, schools and road and public transport links.
"
"This semi detached house laid out with three bedrooms has a central city location within a few minutes walk of Brayford Wharf, the High Street and Lincoln University. "
"*Guide Price £150,000 - £160,000* Situated in the popular area of Bracebridge Heath, just a short drive from Lincoln city centre, this two bedroom semi-detached house occupies a quiet position, making this a perfect first time buy, or even as a downsize"
"Situated in a city centre cul de sac is this Three Storey, THREE BEDROOM End Terraced House for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS! Pygott and Crone are delighted to present this excellent investment opportunity. The Owner has advised us that the property has historic use as a House of Multiple Occupancy. It currently has four Lettable Rooms with an income of £12,600 per annum(..."
Two bedroom terraced house located in the popular uphill area of Lincoln. This fantastic property is only a 5 minute walk to Lincoln's famous Cathedral Quarter.
"***GUIDE PRICE £150,000 - £160,000*** A three bedroom mid terraced house with two reception rooms. Currently rented out for £750 pcm. Located in easy reach of the city centre. Accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge, reception room two and a kitchen. ..."
Pygott and Crone are pleased to offer this rare opportunity to purchase this one bedroom apartment for over 60s situated on the Ground Floor of this retirement living development constructed and managed by McCarthy & Stone. Brilliantly located within the highly sought after uphill...
"This is a beautiful example of a completely refurbished Three Bedroom End-Terraced Property, positioned in this popular location to the south of Lincoln, just off the High Street. The property has internal accommodation to comprise of; Lounge, Inner Hallway, Sitting Room, Kitchen Area, Inner Hall..."
"An impressive top floor apartment with spectacular Cathedral views, within close proximity of Lincoln City Centre. The accommodation comprises of a spacious open plan lounge/kitchen/diner with character beams, two double bedrooms, bathroom and utility room. The building also benefits from a lift ..."
"No Onward Chain...Welcome to the beautiful Minster Court. This purpose built over 55's retirement development offers a peaceful setting within easy reach of various local amenities via a shorted and gated walkway. The First-Floor south facing leasehold apartment has Entrance Hallway, B..."
"This spacious 2nd floor apartment at the ever popular retirement village of Minster Court in Bracebridge Heath is offered for sale with No Chain. The apartment benefits from gas central heating, 2 bedrooms, bathroom, fully fitted kitchen and lounge. The gated complex has communal gardens, ample ..."
"An upper floor, chain free apartment within a highly sought after Over 55s development which boasts a fantastic sense of community and has been redecorated and improved by the current vendor to ensure the property is ready to be moved in too and enjoyed by the next owner. Minster Court..."
"DELIGHTFUL TOWN HOUSE WITH OFF STREET PARKING! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this immaculately presented end town house which has rarely available off street parking and useful brick built outbuilding. Accommodation briefly comprises entrance lobby, lounge, separate dining room, 10'..."
"TOWN HOUSE WITH PARKING! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this surprisingly spacious bay fronted town house which benefits from spacious living accommodation throughout and rarely available off street parking. Accommodation briefly comprises entrance lobby, impressive 26'10"" lounge din..."
"AMAZING INVESTMENT, Fully Let AGREED from August 2023 at £15k PA, 2 x Double Ensuite Beds, Lounge, Kitchen and Diner. Completely renovated, New Gas Central Heating System. Fully Furnished EPC Rating C"
Second floor two-bedroom apartment - Sheltered retirement development - On-site duty manager - Communal gardens - Car-park
"Ref:MF0078 - Guide price £145,000 - £155,000 I am delighted to bring to market this absolutely stunning terrace house located just south of Lincoln city centre.  This property boasts flexible accommodation incorporating 2/3 bedrooms, two bathrooms and sep..."
"A three bedroomed, bay fronted, mid-terraced house situated to the South of the City. The internal accommodation briefly comprises of Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Bathroom and First Floor Landing leading to three Bedrooms. Outside there is a front forecourt, shared passageway an..."
"We are proud to present this superb apartment, in the Grade II Listed converted former mill building, Crown Mill. The property is offered to market with no chain, and houses two double bedrooms along with an abundance of space. Certainly not one to be missed. Call today for your viewing!"
"**INVESTMENT ONLY - TENANT IN SITU - 5.1% GROSS YIELD** Two bedroom home situated in a prime uphill location just off Burton Road making for an ideal investment opportunity. Comprising internally of a lounge, kitchen diner, two bedrooms and a bathroom. No onward chain."
"This three bedroom semi detached property which renovations though out making it a perfect investment opportunity. Located close to a range of local amenities such a Sainsburys, Aldi and Starbucks, local schools close by and easy access to the city centre. The accommodation briefly comprises ..."
"Guide Price £140,000 - £150,000 Situated in a popular residential area within the historical cathedral city of Lincoln is this well- appointed two bedroom semi-detached family home. With driveway parking and enclosed rear garden, this is a fantastic property for a first time buyer or investor"
"** TWO BEDROOM GRADE II LISTED END TERRACE HOUSE IN NEED OF MODERNISATION - PRIME LOCATION ** ** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this two bedroom four storey GRADE II LISTED end terraced house on Lindum Road, in a prime location within (cont.)"
"Offered for sale with No Chain this mid terraced property located off the High Street has three bedrooms, two reception rooms, fitted kitchen with integrated dishwasher, eye level double oven and five ring gas hob and a spacious bathroom."
"***** NO ONWARD CHAIN *****
A well presented two bedroom quarter house, making this property an ideal first time buy or investment opportunity.
The property is situated within walking distance to local amenities."
"Bay Fronted TWO BEDROOM Mid Terraced House within walking distance of the city centre, train station and the university."
"THREE BEDROOM Terraced Property which is within walking distance of Lincoln city centre and the train station. The ground floor of the property comprises Entrance, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen and Bathroom. Upstairs there are Three Bedrooms. Outside is an Enclosed Rear Garden. "
"***GUIDE PRICE £140,000 - £150,000*** A three-story period property with bay fronted window and high ceilings throughout in central Lincoln with no onward chain. A viewing is highly advised to appreciate the space and location on offer... Property briefly compris..."
***ATTENTION FIRST TIME BUYERS & INVESTORS*** Being sold via Modern Method of Auction-Terms & Conditions Apply. Located uphill Lincoln is this two bedroom mid-terraced property which is perfect for buyers looking to put their own stamp on things. Lincoln City District Council-Band A.
"This is a wonderful example of a Two bedroom Terraced property offering great location and great internal and external space. If you are a first time buyer, looking for an investment or even looking for a downsize this could be for you"
A spacious mid terraced property spread across two floors. This perfect family home or investment property would benefit from modernisation to truly transform this home again. Within a 15mins walk from the town centre Lincoln
NO ONWARD CHAIN / FOR SALE VIA MODERN AUCTION / THREE BEDROOMS / IN NEED OF REFURBISHMENT / GARDEN AND GARAGE 
"Two bedroom traditional bay fronted terraced home located just off Lincoln High Street, within walking distance of a sought after primary school and local amenities. The property also benefits from NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"THREE BEDROOM Bay Fronted Mid Terraced House situated in a cul de sac position within walking distance of the City Centre, Lincoln University and the Train Station."
"£140,000 REPRESENTS 80% SHARED OWNERSHIP - NO ONWARD CHAIN - A modern first floor, two bedroomed, retirement apartment situated in the sought after development of Olsen Court, to the North of the City of Lincoln just off Carlton Boulevard and being close to a local range of shops and facilit..."
"A three bedroomed bay fronted mid terraced house situated just off Monk Road and within a short walk to a local range of shops and Lincoln Arboretum. The property is within easy distance to Lincoln City Centre. Internally the property offers living accommodation briefly comprising of Hallway, Lou..."
** Virtual Viewing Available ** No Onward Chain. City centre Ground Floor Apartment
"* * No Onward Chain * * Newton Fallowell are pleased to offer for sale this first floor apartment, located in this popular city centre development and walking distance of the High Street and University. "
"A modern ground floor apartment located in this pleasant waterside setting and being within close proximity to Lincoln City Centre. The internal accommodation briefly comprises of Entrance Hall, approx. 20ft Lounge Diner, Kitchen, two Bedrooms and Bathroom. The property is currently let on an ..."
"A well presented two bedroomed bay fronted mid-terraced house situated just off Monks Road and having easy access to Lincoln City Centre and Lincoln Arboretum. Internally the property has accommodation to comprise of Hallway, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen and First Floor Landing leading to two Be..."
"THREE STOREY TOWN HOUSE! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer this spacious and well presented cottage style town house located within the St. Catherines area of Lincoln. The accommodation briefly comprises 13ft lounge, 10ft4 kitchen with door leading to rear garden, 2 double bedrooms and spaci..."
"A spacius Two Bedroom Second Floor Apartment located within a popular over 55's development. The property is idealy posistioned in an sought after location close to a whole host of amenities and excellant transport links. The property benefits from a secured entrance, communal areas, ..."
"** PERFECT FOR A FIRST TIME BUYER/INVESTOR ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present to market this two bedroom terraced property on Frederick Street, just off Monks Road, which offers charm and character throughout. Situated in a very popular street of Lincoln this Vi (cont.)"
"INVESMENT OPPORTUNITY - This is a three bedroomed terraced house located to the South of Lincoln, just off the High Street. All three of the bedrooms are currently let until 31st July 2023 generating an income of £800 per calendar month. The property has internal accommodation to comprise ..."
"OR SALE BY AUCTION: terms and conditions apply.Walshe's Property are pleased to offer to auction this four bedroom terraced property to the market, located near the centre in the popular city of Lincoln. Internally, on the ground floor the property offers a communal lounge/diner, fitted kitchen, ..."
"NEW PRICE!! A good size first floor apartment within attractive, well located block of twenty one homes for the over 55’s age group, built for and managed by Lace Housing a locally based provider of housing, care and support services for older people in Lincoln. Lace Housing offers a wide..."
"Two bedroom first floor apartment situated within walking distance to the city centre and benefitting from allocated parking for one vehicle. Comprising internally of an entrance hall, open plan lounge / kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom. Sold with no onward chain."
OPEN TO OFFERS - RECENTLY REDECORATED AND NEWLY FITTED CARPETS - NO ONWARD CHAIN - This is a fantastic one bedroom top floor executive retirement apartment situated in this prime Uphill location just off Newport and within a short walk of the Bailgate and Cathedral Quarter. The apartment is situ...
Bay Fronted Mid Terraced House situated within walking distance of the city centre and train station. NO ONWARD CHAIN. 
"We are proud to offer this Three Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.GUIDE PRICE - £130,000-140,000"
***DOWNSIZE CLOSE TO THE CITY CENTRE*** Being sold via Modern Method of Auction-Terms & Conditions Apply. A neat & tidy one bedroom end of terrace Bungalow benefitting with Off Street Parking and ideal for buyers looking to put their own stamp on things. Lincoln City District Council-Band A.
"A three bedroom, three storey terraced property enjoying a central location within walking distance to the amenities of the City of Lincoln. Internally, the property briefly comprises of a Lounge, Kitchen/Diner, Utility Area, Downstairs Bathroom. First Floor Landing, Two Be..."
"Located in the City Centre this end terraced house has been extended and also has a useful loftroom with accommodation now comprising of lounge, dining room, kitchen, 15ft breakfast room, pantry and 9ft 4 piece bathroom to the ground floor, two double bedrooms to the first floor and a loft room."
"This two DOUBLE bedroom property is situated in a popular residential location and is an ideal opportunity for a first time buyer or investor who would like to put their own stamp on a property. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, early viewing is advised"
A modern two-bedroom apartment in a desired location. This property is perfect for a first-time buyer or investor. Offering spacious accommodation that is open plan throughout. This property has allocated parking via the private car park. Arranged over one floor this property is ...
This stunning two bedroom larger than average apartment is situated in the popular Carlton Boulevard area with a wealth of local amenities. Currently tenanted with a rental income of £650 PCM until May 2023 this would be a perfect buy to let or first time purchase. Call to view
"Guide Price £130,000 - £150,000 This is an excellent example of a 2/3 bedroom terrace property situated in the heart of the popular city of Lincoln. This property is sold with a tenant in situ and is a perfect opportunity for a landlord to expand their portfolio. NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"*** This property is for sale by Modern Method of Auction and viewer/bidder information will be shared with the Auctioneer, IAM-Sold. A non-refundable Reservation Fee of 4.2% of the purchase price inc VAT, subject to a minimum of £6,000 inc VAT is payable by the winning bidder *** "
Well presented two bedroom apartment with field views and located within walking distance of local amenities.
" A well maintained Three Bedroom Terrace House located just off Lincoln High Street presenting an excellent first time or investment purchase. The property offers well presented accommodation throughout comprising, Entrance Hall, Living Room, Dining Room with window to rear garden, Kitchen, Util..."
**Virtual Viewing Available** Offered for sale with NO CHAIN this second floor apartment situated close to the city centre. 
"A mid-terraced house situated within close proximity of Lincoln City Centre and a range of shops and facilities on the High Street. The internal accommodation briefly comprises of Entrance Hall, Front Reception Room (currently being utilised as a Bedroom), Sitting Room, Fitted Kitchen leading to..."
"This one double bedroom home briefly comprises: entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, one double bedroom and a wet room. Externally, the property benefits from a gravel driveway to the front and a patio area with wooden shed to the rear. An early and internal viewing is highly recommended."
"***GUIDE PRICE £125,000 - £135,000*** A two bedroom period property in the heart of the highly sought after West Parade, offering fantastic ammenities on the door step. Bailgate, City Centre and transport links are easily accessible from St. Faiths Street. This ..."
"Welcome to St Claires Court, Birchwood, Lincoln... This superbly presented and spacious 1 bedroom over 55's warden controlled retirement bungalow is offered for sale with no onward chain, so you can move straight in.
"
"A well-presented first floor retirement apartment for the over 55s. Ferguson House is situated just off Skellingthorpe Road and within close proximity to Hartsholme Country Park and has easy access into Lincoln City Centre. The internal accommodation briefly comprises of Main Entrance Hall, Loung..."
"Situated in a popular and sought after area within the historical cathedral city of Lincoln is this well appointed two bedroom ground floor apartment benefiting from an ensuite to the master, open plan kitchen/lounge with fitted appliances and a variety of local amenities and transport links."
"This is a three bedroomed mid-terraced house located to the South of Lincoln and having easy access to a wide range of amenities on the High Street and in Lincoln City Centre itself. The property is currently let and is generating a rental income of £660 per calendar month. Internally, the..."
"A three bed mid-terraced home with lounge, kitchen, WC, three double bedrooms and a family bathroom. Externally is a front garden with a lawned area and driveway space for two cars. To the rear of the property is a spacious enclosed garden with a graveled area, patio and various plants and trees."
* PHYSICAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE * For sale with No Onward Chain. Mid Terraced House situated in a city centre location. 
THREE BEDROOMS / MID-TERRACE / IN NEED OF MODERNISATION / NO ONWARD CHAIN / DRIVEWAY / CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES 
City centre Terraced House offering Two/Three Bedroom accommodation.
"Well Presented Three Bedroom Mid-Terraced house situated in a city centre position and currently tenanted. The accommodation comprises Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Rear Lobby Downstairs Bathroom, First Floor Landing and Three Bedrooms. Outside there is an enclosed rear gar..."
"This two bedroom bay fronted property is located just a short walk away from Lincoln City Centre and offers spacious accommodation throughout ideal for a first time buyer or investor. Viewings available by appointment, call today"
"THREE Bedroom Mid Terrace House, walking distance of amenities and the city centre. "
Bay Fronted Mid Terraced House situated in a city centre position. 
***** FIRST TIME BUYER &  IINVESTORS ***** This attractive 3-bedroom home is nestled in a sought-after area and is well placed for easy access to local amenities whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive and beautifully proportioned property offers a gas central...
***ATTENTION FIRST TIME BUYERS & INVESTORS*** Being sold via modern method of auction. Terms & conditions apply. An extended two bedroom semi-detached property located down a quiet cul-de-sac in the ever popular location of Glebe Park. Lincoln City District Council-Band B.
*ATTENTION INVESTORS * Currently let and achieving £8100 per annum. Available with its own PRIVATE ENTRANCE and PARKING SPACE this ground floor apartment is offered for sale with NO CHAIN.
* * ATTENTION INVESTORS * * Currently let and achieving £8100 per annum. This second floor apartment is located in a city centre development with lift access to the accommodation. 
"Mid Terraced House in a city centre location, currently tenanted and for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The accommodation comprises Lounge, Inner Hall, Dining Room with French doors to the rear garden and upstairs there is TWO BEDROOMS & the bathroom. The property benefits from Gas Combi Central H..."
*VIDEO VIEWING AND PHYSICAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE* Available with its own PRIVATE ENTRANCE and PARKING SPACE this ground floor apartment is offered for sale with no chain. 
** Virtual Viewing Available** Newton Fallowell are pleased to offer for sale this two bedroom ground floor apartment that is situated close to the city centre.
* ATTENTION INVESTORS! * Offered for sale with no chain and previously let achieving £6840 per annum this modern city centre apartment is a great investment.
"65% SHARED OWNERSHIP, 2 Double Bedrooms, Lounge, Kitchen/Dining Room, Large Garden, Driveway parking, Downstairs WC, Family Bathroom. Immaculately presented throughout."
***** investment opportunity ***** This attractive well-presented Terraced 2-bedroom property is nestled in a sought-after area and is well placed for easy access to local amenities whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive and beautifully proportioned property offe...
"***GUIDE PRICE £120,000 - £130,000*** A two bedroom terraced house with a GARAGE. Currently rented for £510 pcm. An early viewing is advised to avoid disappointment. Accommdation comprises entrance hall, lounge with views over the garden, kitchen. "
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY 2 Bedroom semi-detached house. Currently let at £650 pcm. Lounge, fitted kitchen, 2 double bedrooms and upstairs bathroom. Large garden. Close to City Centre"
"We are proud to present this second floor flat, located close to Lincoln city centre, University of Lincoln and the Bailgate Quarter. The property is great for those wanting an open living space in a prime location. Call us today to book a viewing."
"This is an excellent example of a two bedroomed terraced house situated in a prime location, just off the High Street within the popular City of Lincoln. Perfect for first time buyers, investors, or perhaps someone looking to downsize"
"HOME OF MULTIPLE OCCUPANCY - A three letable bedroom Ground Floor Flat situated along Monks Road and within walking distance of Lincoln City Centre, whilst also being within close proximity to a range of local shops along Monks Road and Lincoln Arboretum. The property is currently being used as a..."
"Ready made investment or great first time buy! 63 Queen Street is a traditional and spacious 2 bedroom extended end terraced home, situated in this popular and well located area close to Lincoln High Street, City Centre and Sincil Bank. Offered with..."
"A two bedroomed mid terraced property located to the south of Lincoln City Centre. The property is currently let and generating a rental income of £600pcm. The property has internal accommodation to comprise of Lounge, Inner Hallway, Kitchen, Ground Floor Bathroom and First Floor Landing lea..."
"A two bedroom top floor apartment offering lots of space and light. Currently tenanted and selling with tenants in situ making an ideal investment. Rental amount is £750 PCM. Accommodation comprises entrance hall, open plan lounge/diner and kitchen with integrated appliances. T..."
"Opportunity to purchase a two bedroom apartment with a tenant in situ at St. Catherine Mews. Property to be sold subject to existing tenancy which is producing £7,200.00 PA"
"A three bedroomed mid-terraced house located to the South of Lincoln City Centre, just off the High Street. The property has been let out, however, it is being sold with Vacant Possession upon Completion. The accommodation briefly comprises of Shared Entrance Passage, Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dinin..."
"GUIDE PRICE £120,000 - £130,000 This lovely three bedroom terraced house is located just South of Lincoln City Centre and is the ideal place to start for a first time buyer or could make a great investment. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, early viewing is advised"
"Pridea Sales and Lettings are pleased to offer this one bedroom apartment located close to Lincoln city centre, University of Lincoln and the Bailgate Quarter. The property is ideal for those wishing to live in a central location, with all of Lincoln`s prime amenities closeby. "
"This is a two bedroomed mid-terraced property located just off the High Street. The internal accommodation comprises of a Shared Entrance, Inner Hallway, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen and First Floor Landing leading to two Bedrooms and Bathroom. Outside there is a yard to the rear with outbuildi..."
"** TWO BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE IN POPULAR LOCATION ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this spacious two bedroom terraced house on Milton Street, just off Newark Road in Lincoln. Internally the property briefly comprises of Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, T (cont.)"
"** Guide Price: £120,000 - £140,000 ** This three bedroom bay fronted property is located just a stone's throw from the hustle and bustle of Lincoln's lively city centre. Modernisation is required throughout, making this ideal for any purchaser looking to put their own mark on a property. NO CHAIN"
***SUPERB INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*** This modern upper floor apartment sits conveniently close to Lincoln City Centre and is being sold with tenants in situ making this a fantastic next addition to the investment portfolio. Benefitting from a balcony and allocated parking. NO ONWARD CHAIN! Lincoln...
*VIDEO VIEWING AND PHYSICAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE* Offered for sale with no chain this second floor apartment is located in a city centre development with lift access to the accommodation.
OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN AND SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU. This 2 bedroom end terraced property is located on Monks Road in Lincoln city centre. Currently being sold with tenants in situ and achieving a monthly rental of £685 per calendar month. Accommodation briefly comprises lou...
* VIDEO VIEWINGS AND PHYSICAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE * Located in the the city centre within easy walking distance of the High Street.
* NO ONWARD CHAIN * A modern 2 bedroom maisonette property. The property further benefits from an allocated parking space. 
"Three bedroom, terraced house located in the city centre of Lincoln. "
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - 6.5% GROSS YIELD - TENANT IN SITU Modern first floor two bedroom apartment located within the popular Manor Farm estate in North Hykeham benefiting from access to a wide range of local amenities. Sold with no onward chain.
"*Guide Price £115,000 - £125,000* This is a wonderful opportunity to buy a brilliant 2 bedroom terraced house in a fantastic location in the heart of Lincolns City centre, and within walking distance to the university of Lincoln"
"If you are seeking a straightforward development project in the heart of Lincoln, this property should be at the top of your list. Featuring 2 attractive bedrooms, 2 bathrooms and 2 beautifully featured reception rooms, along with wonderful kerb appeal, this terraced home has a great deal to off..."
***NO ONWARD CHAIN** Three bedroom terraced property within walking distance of Lincoln town centre and many amenities.
"ATTRACTIVELY PRICED - LEASEHOLD 109 YRS, £1000 P/A FOR GROUND RENT AND SERVICE CHARGES - COUNCIL TAX BAND B - No Chain - Ground Floor Apartment - En-Suite To Master - Prime Location - Close To Local Amenities - Local Road & Transport Links - Parking Space Included - Double Glazing & Electri..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** This terraced house in a central location with many amenities nearby. Accommodation comprises of three bedrooms, bathroom, dining room, kitchen and a lounge. The property is an ideal first time buy or investment."
"** TWO BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE IN NEED OF MODERNISATION WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** *** OIRO £115,000 *** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present for sale this spacious two bedroom terraced house on Boundary Street, just off Newark Road in Lincoln. Internally the prop (cont.)"
"An opportunity to acquire a three bedroom mid-terraced student investment property 1 mile from Lincoln University City Campus, fully let and producing £12,000 per annum excl"
"We are delighted to bring to market this 3 bedroom terraced property in the ever popular location of Sincil Bank in the historic city centre of Lincoln. Offered to market with NO CHAIN, this is not one to be missed. Call today."
"** MID TERRACED HOUSE IN NEED OF MODERNISATION WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to present to market this 3 bedroom end terraced property on St. Rumbold Street , just off Monks Road, which is in need of modernisation. Situated in a very popular stree (cont.)"
"*** NO CHAIN *** Mid Town House situated in the popular area of North Hykeham. The accommodation briefly comprises ground floor double bedroom with fitted wardrobes, downstairs shower room, and fitted under stairs cupboard with washing machine. Stairs leading to first floor of open plan kitche..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A two/three bedroomed mid terraced house (Bedroom 3 is accessed off Bedroom 1) situated just off Lincoln High Street and within walking distance of the City Centre and a wide range of shops and amenities. Internally, the property requires some updating and has living accommodati..."
"2 Bedroom Apartment, 2 Double Bedrooms, ENSUITE SHOWER ROOM, Further Bathroom, OPEN PLAN LIVING Kitchen/Living"
"Burnett & Lee are presenting two,2nd floor, two bedroom apartments in the highly sought after Sobraon heights, just of Burton road, Lincoln. With secure parking to the rear of the property and curfew private park, Both are perfect for both couples and investors. viewings strictly by appointment."
"A two double bedroomed modern First Floor Apartment which is located close to Lincoln City Centre and having easy access to the Train Station, Bus Station and a wide range of local amenities. Internally the property offers living accommodation to comprise of Entrance Hall, Open Plan Kitchen and L..."
"If you are looking for your first home or buy to let investment then look no further than this well presented two bedroom Victorian terrace home located within a short walk of Lincoln High Street, train station and local universities . The ground floor accommodation comprises of a lounge to the f..."
Situated in a popular central and sought after position within the historical Cathedral City of Lincoln is this well appointed two bedroom apartment benefitting from stunning views of the Lincoln Cathedral and close to a wide range of local amenities and excellent transport links. Tenants In Situ
***FOR SALE VIA MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION*** This superb end of terrace property is located close to Lincoln City Centre and would make an ideal first time buy or investment for any buyers looking to put their own stamp on things. NO ONWARD CHAIN. Lincoln City District Council-Band A.
"GUIDE PRICE £110,000 - £120,000 This is a stunning Two bedroom second floor flat, located in the sought after area of Bracebridge, not just offering a spacious interior but also offering great location, just a short walk away from Lincolns city centre"
"Tenants in Situ...Situated in a popular and sought after uphill area within the historical cathedral city of Lincoln is this well appointed two bedroom ground floor apartment benefiting from allocated parking, en suite to the master and a good size open plan kitchen / lounge / diner."
PROPERTY BEING SOLD WITH TENNAT IN STIU - MORE PHOTOS AVAILABLE ON REQUESTCity Centre Apartment with views over the Historic Cathedral and University City of Lincoln.
"***GUIDE PRICE £110,000 - £115,000 *** A three bedroom terraced house located on Baggholme Road off Monks Road in Lincoln. This property is an ideal investment for someone looking to rent it straight out as it has tenants already in paying £625 PCM on a rolling contra..."
**Virtual Viewing Available** Newton Fallowell are pleased to offer this two bedroom End Terraced House in the Sincil Bank area of the city centre.
"****This property is for sale by Modern Method of Auction and viewer/bidder information will be shared with the Auctioneer, IAM-Sold. A non-refundable Reservation Fee of 4.2% of the purchase price inc VAT, subject to a minimum of £6,000 inc VAT is payable by the winning bidder **** "
"An opportunity to acquire a student investment property providing 4 bedrooms and communal lounge/kitchen and bathroom. Fully let and producing £12,000 per annum excl"
"This is a Ground Floor One Bedroom City Apartment with fantastic views over the South Common. The property has internal accommodation to comprise of Communal Entrance Area, Inner Hallway, Bedroom, Bathroom and Open Plan Living Kitchen. Outside there is an allocated parking space. The property i..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £110,000-£120,000** Presenting as a fantastic opportunity for investment or a first time buy, is this two bedroom flat situated in a highly sought after location close to Lincoln City Centre providing access to a wide range of local amenities and transport links around Lincoln."
"Brand new 2-bedroom semi-detached house in the Abbey View development, available through shared ownership in Bourne. The price represents purchasing a 50% share of the property"
"**NEW PRICE, MOTIVATED SELLER** We are delighted to present to market this modern duplex apartment in a sought after uphill area of Lincoln city. The layout of the property is unique and allows for a personal interpretation, so call now to view."
"Sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £105,000This 3-bed terrace property close to Lincoln city centre offers a lounge, kitchen-diner, downstairs bathroom, enclosed rear garden with storage, on-street parking and is an i..."
"Opportunity to purchase a two bedroom apartment with a tenant in situ at St. Catherine Mews in Lincoln. Property to be sold subject to existing tenancy which is producing £7,200 PA"
"A two bedroomed ground floor apartment set within a former school conversion with gated entrance and communal yard. The property is located close to the City Centre of Lincoln and also within easy access to a range of local shops, amenities and the South Common. The property offers accommodation ..."
"A well-presented and spacious two-bedroom apartment, perfect for first time buyers and investors alike. Located within close proximity to the city centre with local shops and amenities"
" A traditional terrace house situated in a popular location for families, first time buyers and buy to let investors. Two reception rooms, kitchen and downstairs bathroom, 2/3 bedrooms as bedroom three of bed two. Rear garden. A virtual viewing is available online before visiting strictly ap..."
"This is a charming 3-bedroom terrace property located in a prime location, just a stone's throw away from the bustling Lincoln city centre. The property boasts a good size lounge, a kitchen-diner, and a convenient downstairs bathroom. The property also features an enclosed rear garden..."
Ground floor split level apartment with two double bedrooms. No chain.
"An opportunity to acquire this land in the uphill area of Lincoln, close to the Cathedral. "
"** READY MADE INVESTMENT - NEW TENANCY IN PLACE ** We are delighted to bring to the market this fantastic investment property. This modern ground floor apartment is superbly presented and offers generous and accommodation.
"
"***FOR SALE VIA MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION, TERMS & CONDITIONS APPLY*** DO NOT MISS OUT!! NO ONWARDS CHAIN!! This property offers a brilliant opportunity to secure the fantastic first time buy, investment or step up the property ladder with a home that is spacious throughout and offers a genero..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £100,000 - £110,000 *** CALLING ALL INVESTORS A two bedroom ground floor apartment located on Spencer Court in Lincoln. Rented for £565pcm. Accommodation comprises kitchen with gas hob, open plan living room / dining room and a bathroom with ..."
"**This property is for sale by Modern Method of Auction and viewer/bidder information will be shared with the Auctioneer, IAM-Sold. A non-refundable Reservation Fee of 4.2% of the purchase price inc VAT, subject to a minimum of £6,000 inc VAT is payable by the winning bidder ** "
SPACIOUS APARTMENT WITH SOUTH FACING VIEWS! Starkey&Brown are pleased to offer for sale this well presented and spacious second floor apartment located within the popular Monks Road area of Lincoln and in an elevated position with south facing views over local rooftops and the countryside be...
"*** GUIDE PRICE £100,000 - £110,000 *** Ground floor two bedroom apartment comprising of a large living room, contained kitchen, main bathroom with overhead shower, two bedrooms, one with an ensuite shower room, and allocated parking. The apartment itself is jus..."
"This is a brilliant example of a Two bedroom apartment located ideally, within walking distance to the popular city of Lincoln. This apartment is in an elevated position offering great views and provides high spec throughout"
"NO CHAIN, 3 double bedrooms, Great rental opportunity, Good transport links, Close to Lincoln hotspots, Searches available upfront"
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, Currently Let for £650pcm, SECOND FLOOR FLAT, 1 Bedroom, Central WATERFRONT Location, NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"*** SOLD WITH TENANT IN SITU***  Newton Fallowell are pleased to offer for sale this FIRST FLOOR FLAT in an attractive area of North East Lincoln. Only a short distance from local shops, doctors and schools. Accommodation comprising of Entrance Hall & Stairs, Lounge/Diner, Double Bed..."
Sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £95.000. ATTENTION INVESTORS! TENANTS IN SITU. UNIQUE 1 BEDROOM APARTMENT. A MUST VIEW TO APPRECIATE! *CLICK ON OUR INTERACTIVE VIRTUAL 360 TOUR*
"This cozy apartment is perfect for investors as it's currently tenanted. It has a lounge, a modern kitchen with integrated appliances and plenty of storage space, a comfortable bedroom, and an elegant bathroom with a shower. The apartment is bright and well-ventilated, making it a comfortable..."
EPC Rating - B William H Brown are delighted to offer for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN this one bedroom apartment ideal for an investment or first time buy.
"We are delighted to offer for sale this superb two bedroom apartment in sought after city central location, close to the waterfront, and a short walk to a host of local amenities. Briefly comprising of open plan kitchen - living area, two bedrooms and bathroom. The property is fully double..."
Sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £95.000Two bedroom 1st floor apartment in fantastic central waterfront location. Excellent investment opportunity. * Click on our interactive virtual 360 tour*
"A one bedroom apartment with allocated parking space. Accommodation comprises hallway, open plan kitchen and lounge, bedroom and bathroom. Ideal for an investment or first time home. No upward chain. Lease from 07/08/2007- 108 years remaining on the lease. Ground rent- 204...."
Kinetic Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale the land adjacent to 11 Mill Lane Lincoln LN5 7QN. Currently there are some existing garages which following demolition there are plans for a 3 storey detached building which will accommodate 3 self contained 1 bed apartments. 
"An opportunity to acquire a student investment property providing 2 bedrooms located 0.4 miles from Lincoln University city campus. Fully let and producing £10,000 per annum excl"
**** 75% of market value for affordable housing ***** This attractive 1-bedroom home is nestled in a sought-after area and is well placed for easy access to local amenities whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive and beautifully proportioned property offers a gas centr...
Sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £90.000. ATTENTION INVESTORS! TENANTS IN SITU. UNIQUE 1 BEDROOM APARTMENT. A MUST VIEW TO APPRECIATE! *CLICK ON OUR INTERACTIVE VIRTUAL 360 TOUR*
"PUBLIC NOTICE 39 Shakespeare Street LN5 8JS We are acting in the sale of the above property and have received an offer of £84,000. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange of contracts takes place A p..."
Pygott & Crone are delighted to present to the market this fantastic one bedroom apartment within the popular Beaumont Court Development located within the heart of the Cathedral City of Lincoln. The apartment briefly comprises: Open Plan Living/Dining/Bedroom area with feature win...
"GUIDE PRICE £90,000 - £100,000*ATTENTION INVESTORS*Walters are pleased to offer this two-bedroom terraced home providing easy access to Lincoln City Centre which is being sold with no onward chain."
"Located in the popular St George's Park area of Lincoln, this two bedroom property is offered for sale on a 50% SHARED OWNERSHIP basis - an ideal way to get onto the property ladder! NO ONWARD CHAIN"
Sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £85.000. ATTENTION INVESTORS! TENANTS IN SITU. UNIQUE 1 BEDROOM APARTMENT. A MUST VIEW TO APPRECIATE! *CLICK ON OUR INTERACTIVE VIRTUAL 360 TOUR*
"Situated in a popular and sought after uphill area within the historical cathedral city of Lincoln is this one bedroom ground floor flat comprising: open plan kitchen/lounge, bedroom and bathroom. Early and internal viewing is highly recommended to appreciate this property and its location."
***FOR SALE VIA MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION-TERMS & CONDITIONS APPLY*** An absolutely incredible opportunity for any buyers looking for their next project. Offering a wealth of potential to transform this property and create a fantastic rental property to add to your investment portfolio. This T...
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** This two bedroom apartment with no onward chain provides local access to a range of amenities and benefits from en suite to master and a generous lounge, making it the ideal first time buy or investment opportunity."
"OPEN HOUSE - Friday 7th April 10:30 - 11:30, contact us for details. ** FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** A two bedroom end-terraced home situated in a sought after location and benefitting from two double bedrooms, loft space, local access to a vast range of ameniti..."
"A brilliant opportunity to purchase this SHARED OWNERSHIP home ideally positioned within the highly sought after location of North Hykeham The property is accessed via a footpath and enters into an Entrance Hallway, Spacious Lounge Diner, fitted Kitchen and ground floor WC. The first f..."
"This two bedroom top floor flat is located in Lincoln City Centre, being sold with tenants in situ this could be an ideal investment property for any buy to let investor looking to add to their portfolio"
"An opportunity to acquire a four bedroom student investment property which is 0.6 miles from Lincoln University City Campus. Fully let with a current rent of £8,000 pa excl"
"We are proud to present this ground floor flat in a purpose built block, located in Lincoln City Centre within walking distance to a host of local amenities, including schooling, shops and much more. The property is currently being rented at £450 per calendar month. Call today to view."
"21 Riverside Drive, Lincoln, LN5 7PB We are acting in the sale of the above property and have received an offer of £77,500 on the above property. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before exchange of contracts takes place"
"One bedroom park home positioned on a sought after, private corner plot with garage, driveway and low maintenance gardens. Sited on a quiet, pet friendly, adults only, well -maintained, fully residential park near shops, lovely parks and lakes"
An opportunity to acquire a freehold 2 bedroom mid-terraced property close to Lincoln University City Campus.
"GUIDE PRICE £60,000 - £70,000 FULLY FURNISHED GROUND FLOOR Studio apartment, available to Cash Buying investors only.SOLD WITH SITTING TENANT £595pcm"
"Guide Price £55,000 - £65,000 Studio apartment in the heart of Lincoln just a 17 minute walk from Lincoln University available to cash buying investors only"
"*NO CHAIN* *READY TO GO PARKHOME* *OVER 50's COMMUNITY* If you are looking for a low maintenance home that offers security, a community feel, ready to move into accommodation and a wealth of local amenities then this is THE ONE FOR YOU!! A wide range off features and benefits that really need to ..."
"Guide Price £50,000 - £60,000 Offered to the market is this Studio apartment, available to Cash Buying investors only. Potential rental Income £575pcm"
"Guide Price £50,000 - £60,000 Offered to the market is this Studio apartment, available to Cash Buying investors only. Rental Income £575pcm"
"GUIDE PRICE £50,000 - £70,000 Offered to the market is this Studio apartment, available to Cash Buying investors only"
"Guide Price £50,000- £60,000 Offered to the market is this Studio apartment, available to Cash Buying investors only. Rental Income £563pcm"
"Guide Price £45,000 - £55,000 This studio apartment in Fitzwilliam Place is an excellent investment opportunity, currently let until September 2023 with a rental income of £625 pcm and also benefitting from a PARKING SPACE. CASH BUYERS ONLY"
