Summary
"- One Bedroom ground floor apartment
- Stunning double height windows
- Feature Living / kitchen room & Island
- 57m2 / 613 sq feet
- Allocated parking"
Fully occupied 64 bedroom HMO on Smithdown Lane.
Development located in the established and dynamic rental market of Liverpool City Centre. Sought-after residential location in the heart of the Ropewalks area known as a cultural hub full of independent retail and leisure. The overall scheme in which the apartments are set comprises 32 apartment...
"Seldom does a property of such quality, style and imagination come to the market, and we are absolutely delighted to have been selected to showcase this award-winning property.This magnificent home was constructed in 2015 and the RIBA awards jury at the time, commented“the ..."
An outstanding contemporary home in one of the North West's most exclusive residential areas.
"An outstanding property with leisure facilities, situated in a highly desirable location within Formby village."
"Property Portfolio consisting of 34 properties across 8 developments in Liverpool and Luton. The residential stock is being sold at 7.5% yield NET Rent PA circa £157,000. Queensland Place is a student only development being sold at 9% yield, NET Rent PA circa £18,000. Enquire today fo..."
WATCH OUR VIDEO TOUR to whet your appetite. We are sure you will want to see this particular gem in person. Our MATTERPORT 360 (degree) Virtual Tour IS AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST.This property is LUXURY personified. Located on one of the area's most prestigious addresses.You approach...
"AN EXTREMELY RARE & UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY!! To purchase Lady Green Farm and Fisheries. Conveniently situated off the A565 with direct links to M57 & M58. The Farm has been dramatically upgraded and developed by the current owners over a number of years, and offers huge potential for furthe..."
"Originally constructed in 1845 as a girl’s school and a part of the village for 200 years, in the conservation area but not a listed building this stunning Manor comes with plenty of history, character and still has lots of potential. The right buyer will have limitless options, this could ..."
"Discreet Listing - A Stunning executive family home positioned on the much sought-after Menlove avenue, in the eminent leafy suburb of Woolton in South Liverpool ACCOMMODATION IN BRIEF - 4,612 sqft - Entrance hall - Formal reception - Dining room - Open plan ki..."
 INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! We are delighted to bring to the market this stunning purpose built unbroken block of 8 executive apartments located in one of the most sought after areas of Maghull. This is a perfect property that could be a welcomed addition to an investor’s property portfoli...
"We are delighted to announce the exclusive marketing of this whole top floor of 10 penthouse apartments with river views in one of Liverpool’s most ambitious and striking residential developments on Water Street, Liverpool, L2. ( MOTIVATED VENDOR !! ) COMPLETION DATE September 21"
NESTLED IN THE NATIONAL TRUST......Entwistle Green are delighted to offer a very rare opportunity to purchase this spacious detached property situated on a unique and stunning plot of aproximately 1.8 acres surrounded by National Trust land and within easy reach of Formby coastline. The property ...
"A UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY!! To purchase in one of Formby’s most prestigious locations, occupying a private setting off Victoria Road, accessed via a long gated driveway. Welcome to your new lifestyle, with the National Trust and Formby Golf Course on your doorstep. A Leisure complex, a n..."
**** EXTREMELY RARE OPPORTUNITY**** Colette Gunter Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this truly outstanding period family home which occupies a large plot extending to approximately one acre with mature extensive gardens to three sides. This is just one of a hand full of uni...
"Lyons Estates are delighted to bring to market this stunning property located in very desirable Poplar Ave, L23. This property is truly a hidden gem. The bespoke design, opulence and standard of accommodation need to be witness in person to be appreciated. This extensive property sits on a half..."
"Discreet Listing - This is a very rare opportunity to purchase and combine two period properties. A large semi-detached early Victorian home that shares a courtyard with a Mews house, in the highly desirable area of Woolton in South Liverpool. Fortuitously both properties h..."
A fantastic opportunity to create an outstanding home in a very exclusive location close to Formby beach.
"Move Residential are proud to introduce to you this exquisite five bedroom detached Victorian villa, standing proudly on a quiet and secluded spot, situated within the highly sought after and affluent suburb of Grassendale Park, L19. This breath taking Grade II listed property was built c.1840 ..."
"'Ormiston', a Grade II listed classical villa residing within mature, established and extensive grounds offering a total of three park plots."
Impressive six bedroom detached home with indoor swimming pool and stunning garden in the heart of Woolton
"'Turn-Key Home' all furniture will be included in the sale. Occupying a commanding position, settled behind electronic gates at the end of a private drive is this magnificent four-bedroom, four bathroom detached family home. Constructed in 2018 using only the finest quality materials the prope..."
Colette Gunter Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this individually designed detached gated residence which is tucked away in an exclusive cul-de-sac location off Victoria Road.  The property occupies an enviable position and is set within established gardens on this wes...
"Welcome to ‘West View’, an attractive post-war property which has been extended and renovated to make a substantial home over two levels with an integral double garage on a wonderfully private and sizable plot in a highly desirable road in the ever-popular Formby. Literall..."
Have you been looking for a four-bedroom family home in L20? Venmore estate agents are proud to present this great opportunity to the market.
*EWS1 certified* *Two double bedrooms* *Bathroom and en-suite* *27th floor* *Approx 828 sq ft* *Iconic development* *24-hour concierge service* *Stunning views* *3D virtual tour & floorplans available* *No chain involved*
WATCH OUR VIDEO TOURWatendlath is a charming home with attractive kerb appeal.You can not help but admire the prettiness from the moment you arrive. The attractive canopied entrance sets the tone for what waits beyond the sturdy oak door.The accommodation flows effortlessl...
The existing property on site comprises a late Victorian detached house of traditional brick construction with tiled roof which has been converted into 4 apartments. The apartments have not been occupied for approximately 4 years and are therefore in an un-refurbished condition. There is a la...
"A sizable, five-bedroom home in a semi-rural location with approx. 4 acres of land and many possibilities, this property has a lot to offer. Fully remodelled for modern living, it offers spacious accommodation throughout with a large, ground floor extension which is currently being used as a hair..."
"Full Planning Permission for 11 Detached Houses in an exclusive Countryside Setting6x Four bedroom Detached. 5x Three bedroom DetachedTotal Development Gross Internal Floor Area (over two floors) approx - 1,449 sq.m 15,592 sq.ft Unconditional Offers: The seller is seeking unconditional "
"A wonderful opportunity to purchase this tastefully extended four bedroom detached family residence, located on Riverside View an established spot nestled within the ever popular and established Fulwood Park. "
Colette Gunter Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market Newton House which is a uniquely designed detached residence which occupies an enviable position with the advantage of a large southerly facing rear garden. The property offers well planned and spacious family accommodation an...
"A rare opportunity has arisen within the market to purchase this executive four bedroom detached residence, perfectly located on Riverside View, a quiet road situated within the private grounds of Fulwood Park, L17. This architectural gem has recently undergone an extensive scheme of renovation a..."
"A STUNNING property that is ideal for the discreet and discerning homeowner. The property is set back from the road and approached along a GATED and TREE-LINED driveway, ensuring PRIVACY for the new owners.This DETACHED dwelling offers circa 3,900 sq ft and enjoys a mature plot measurin..."
"The subject property was built in 1860's and comprises a significant detached dwelling of traditional construction with stone facing and multi-pitch slate roof. Internally the property comprises a central entrance which leads to differing rooms used for lounges, wc's and kitchens. The first flo..."
This stunning Grade II listed townhouse style home has undergone a full head-to-toe renovation by its current owners and has been finished to an impeccable standard throughout. This property is absolutely stunning and oozes character and charm throughout. Located on one of the most s...
"Introducing Beechlyn, North Mossley Hill Road, L18 8BJ Entwistle Green are beyond honoured to present to the market, this fine example of a 19th century Victorian property built in 1860 filled with history, character and a unique identity which has been carefully created over centurie..."
Located in one of the most prestigious locations within Blundellsands. This substantial detached chalet bungalow features flexible living space throughout.  neighboring West Lancashire gold club featuring astonishing views of the course.  The property is nicely derived into two se...
"Discreet Listing - A super opportunity to purchase a grade II listed, very grand, 5 bedroom, Victorian home, in a leafy road within the highly desirable area of Woolton, South Liverpool. Retaining many original features, it covers three floors and offers an extra, lower-ground floor a..."
"A number of period features have been retained throughout the property and In brief, the accommodation comprises of entrance porch opening into vestibule entrance, you are then greeted by a stunning and elegant reception hallway with a beautiful sweeping return staircase leading to the upper floo..."
"This fantastic detached property set within one of the most popular locations in Blundellsands is ideal for families and really isnt one to miss! Situated in a quite cul-de-sac location whilst being close to a multitude of amenities; a short drive away you will find plenty of shops, ba..."
"A rare opportunity has arisen within the sales market to purchase this executive three bedroom duplex penthouse apartment, situated within the heart of one of South Liverpool's most affluent and prestigious suburbs, Calderstones, L18. Unrivalled in excellence, this magnificent property is f..."
"*HMO PROPERTY** **14 BEDROOMS**FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY**CALL THE OFFICE ASAP FOR FURTHER DETAILS** Located in the leafy suburb of Aigburth, L17, is this impressive 14 bedroom semi-detached Victorian period style property, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed..."
***Viewing of the property is highly advised to appreciate the size of accommodation on offer*** Located in one of the most prestigious locations within Blundellsands. This substantial detached family house features flexible living space throughout. Situated behind double electric gates...
"**Unprecedented Luxury - High Specification New Build Home - 6 Bedroom Detached Family Home - Sought After Sandfield Park - Over 2,600 SQFT! Hewitt Adams is proud to be marketing agents for this luxurious development in the HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER Sandfield Park, West Derby within the fabulo..."
"Karen Parks Sales and Lettings are delighted to offer the opportunity to purchase this four bedroom, detached residence with indoor pool located in a secluded and private position - but still only a stones throw away from the Nature Reserve and pinewoods. The house briefly comprises of: to the gr..."
"As agents Sutton Kersh are delighted to advertise to the open sales market this substantial grade ll listed Georgian Town House situated in this popular and desirable Georgian Quarter location. The property has many original features retained including tall skirting, architraves, ornate coving's ..."
"Looking for your dream home in the heart of L23? Venmore estate agents, are delighted to present this unique, four-bedroom detached home."
"Unveiled by Queen Elizabeth in May 1984 as Barratt's ""house of the future"", this unique 5/6 bedroom detached house is set in the furthest corner of a quiet cul-de-sac and provides excellent living space with quality fitments, tasteful décor throughout and gardens which wrap around the entire hou..."
Rare & Exclusive - Top (Fourth) Floor Duplex Penthouse In Highly Sought After Albert Dock EPC Grade -F Council Tax band - G One of the THREE original penthouse duplex suites situated within The Colonnades on the prestigious GRADE ONE listed waterfront develop...
"Occupying a prime spot on Redcliffe Avenue in the desirable suburb of Gateacre, L25, is this modern four bedroom detached residence, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Enjoying a clean and contemporary design throughout, this generously sized and impeccab..."
"Entwistle Green are delighted to bring to the market this amazing opportunity to purchase this five bedroom detached property in the heart of the popular Elm Avenue. To the ground floor, the property briefly compromises a spacious living room, a dining room, a family room, an office, downstairs W..."
"Behind impressive electric wooden gates, all will be revealed!Seldom do you find such an example of contemporary living with an added touch of glamour, set within the tranquil leafy environment of Freshfield.This modern three-storey detached property is discretely located within ..."
"Standing proudly on Woolton Road within the heart of the highly desirable suburb of, L25, is this magnificent five bedroom detached family residence, arriving exclusively at the sales market courtesy of award winning agents- Move Residential. Enjoying generous proportions and a thoughtful ergonom..."
"A rare opportunity has arisen within the sales market to purchase this individually designed art deco style four bedroom detached residence, perfectly located on Barchester Drive in the affluent suburb of Aigburth, L17. This property gem was designed by local architect, Ken Worral, who has parti..."
"Located within the iconic Colonnades building in Liverpool's Albert Dock, L3, is this executive three bedroom apartment, welcomed exclusively to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Set within a prestigious Grade II listed building, the property showcases its histo..."
"***NO CHAIN*** James Kristian are pleased to offer this very rare opportunity FOR SALE, this delightful substantially extended three bedroom bungalow which is located in one of the most sought after areas in Blundellsands. The property occupies a large plot and is immaculately presented over..."
"Standing proudly on Menlove Avenue, one of South Liverpool's most sought after locations, is this fabulous four bedroom extended detached residence, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Unrivalled in excellence, this charming home enjoys generous living..."
"Hunters are proud to market this investment opportunity nearby Sefton Park & Princes Park. This building compromises 6 apartments, of which we are selling 5, plus the freehold which is held on its own title. The block includes 5 separate apartments which are a mixture of 2x two bedro..."
"A semi detached house converted into flats, for sale by Private Treaty. The property is in a good residential area and is an idal investment opportunity. This property achieves rent of £43,440 pa. "
"We are delighted to offer this outstanding Grade II listed detached house which has been fully refurbished throughout and is ready for the new owners to move straight in. The property is located on a large plot, which was formerly known locally as being the site of Rushtons Nurseries. "
"This distinctive home is an escape from the ordinary, an elegant and beautifully preserved former rectory set in a conservation area amongst mature landscaped gardens. This enchanting, 4 bed detached home is lovingly presented to an exquisite standard and offers a wealth of family living space wh..."
"Clive Watkin are delighted to bring to the market an exclusive development offering luxurious and sustainable living; The Sand Dunes consists of just 7, 4 bedroom detached family homes in the desirable location of Blundellsands. The properties will offer sensational views across the sand dunes a..."
***LOOKING FOR A PROPERTY WITH ALL THE PERKS OF COUNTRYSIDE LIVING? LOOK NO FURTHER THAN THIS EXCLUSIVE DETACHED HOME!!***
"***WATCH OUR VIDEO TOUR***Holmfield Park is a private CUL-DE-SAC of bespoke built properties with no two properties being the same.This property was constructed 27 years ago, and the vendor's goal was to create a SUBSTANTIAL family home. This DETACHED property exceeds 3,700 sq ft..."
"Alpha-move are delighted to offer an outstanding opportunity with this fantastic four bedroom detached property situated on a substantial plot in Old Meadow, Knowsley Village L34. With gated access and a tree lined perimeter, this prestigious home caters for the private family life, but within a ..."
"Clive Watkin are delighted to bring to the market an exclusive development offering luxurious and sustainable living; The Sand Dunes consists of a collection of, 4 bedroom detached family homes in the desirable location of Blundellsands. The properties will offer sensational views across the san..."
"Abode are delighted to bring to market this huge 6 bedroom detached property located on Queens Drive in L18. Comprising of an entrance hall, lounge, sitting room, open plan kitchen with dining area all opening onto a substantial rear garden. There is a utility room and ground floor Bathroom and s..."
" Host family gatherings and garden parties in your own private woodland-style garden setting this Summer. Enveloped in verdant seclusion within an exclusive gated community, this incredible 4-bedroom family home is a quiet escape from the busyness of work and school. 
"
"- Three Bedroom Penthouse
- Liverpool City Centre Location
- Two terraces City & South view to Strand & Liver Building - 1513 sqft
- Recently fully renovated throughout
- Parking Space Included
"
"- Three Bedroom Penthouse
- Situated in Liverpool City Centre
- Two river facing terraces - 1555 sq ft
- Recently fully renovated throughout
- Parking Space Included
"
*** STUNNING 5-BEDROOM DETACHED COTTAGE *** OOZING WITH CHARACTER AND HISTORY *** FULLY RENOVATED AND RESTORED TO THE HIGHEST STANDARD *** UNIQUE UPSIDE DOWN LIVING *** IDEAL FAMILY HOME IN SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION *** 5 BEDROOMS *** COSY FRONT LOUNGE *** BRIGHT AND SPACIOUS THROUGHOUT *** LOTS OF N...
"NO UPWARD CHAIN....Colette Gunter Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this stunning detached true bungalow which has recently undergone a programme of renovation to a high standard by the current owners,  which is perfect if you are seeking a home that you can literally just wal..."
"Standing proudly on Barchester Drive in the highly desirable and affluent suburb of Aigburth, L17, is this individually designed five/six-bedroom detached family residence, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. This imposing property enjoys a prime position ..."
"Karen Parks @ Berkeley Shaw is delighted to offer for sale this STUNNING 6 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME which was formerly a convent and is accessed via a private road. The property is situated within close proximity to local schools, transport routes and Formby Pinewoods and beach. "
"** Perfect Family Home ** Full Of Character & Charm With Original Features Retained ** Original 1930's Front Door ** No Onward Chain ** Highly Sought After Mossley Hill Postcode, L18 ** Close To Excellent Schools & Amenities ** Modern Kitchen & Diner ** Extremely Well Maintained Rear Garden With ..."
Looking for a detached home just a short walk from Otterspool Promenade? Venmores Estate Agents are delighted to present to the sales market this five/six-bedroom detached home on Barchester Drive.
"We have an opportunity for you to acquire a delightful 4 BEDROOMED DETACHED HOUSE in the heart of Blundellsands, close to Crosby beach and train stations. The property comprises, to the ground floor, hall, lounge, rear lounge / dining area, fabulous kitchen, office / utility, downstairs..."
"** Lovely, Characterful Family Home ** Highly Sought After Area Of Mossley Hill L18 ** Stunning Front And Rear Gardens ** Log Burner In Reception Room ** Summer House In Garden Providing Entertaining Space ** Two Bathrooms And Downstairs W.C ** Loft Bedroom With En-suite Facilities ** Beautiful ..."
"Standing proudly on a large corner plot on Booker Avenue in the desirable suburb of Allerton, L18, is this impressive five bedroom detached residence, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Enjoying a tasteful design and generous living accommodation set over..."
A rare and exciting opportunity has arisen to purchase this stunning four storey Grade ll Listed Georgian Town House. This beautiful home was built in 1825 and located in arguably one of the most sought after locations in the city! Being within walking distance of Liverpool City centre...
OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN.....Colette Gunter Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this 1920's detached true bungalow which occupies an enviable position on this southerly facing plot which extends to approximately 0.4 of an acre.  The property has been well maintained througho...
A rare opportunity to purchase a stunning Georgian townhouse in one of the most sought after Streets in the city! Situated in the heart of the beautiful Georgian Quarter. The property underwent complete restoration and refurbishment in 2015 resulting in accommodation finished to the high...
****** PHASE TWO COMING SOON ****** Clive Watkin are excited to be working with this excellent local developer to bring to the market the second and final phase of ‘The Sand Dunes’ an exclusive development in the desirable location of Blundellsands. The development offers ...
"Derby Cottage is a large, detached cottage set in grounds extending to 2.6 acres. Potential for development of the site subject to planning. Accommodation comprises orangery, store/office, kitchen, utility, dining room, family room, lounge, 3 bedrooms and bathroom. 1598ft workshop and large garden."
"Set in a fantastic position this Executive Five Bedroom Detached home provides excellent living space completed to a high standard with quality fitments, tasteful décor and character features throughout. Perfect for growing families, this attractive property has a great deal to offer. Entering t..."
"BERKELEY SHAW is delighted to present to the market this outstanding family home which is filled with period features. The SEVEN BEDROOM semi-detached property is situated in the popular area of CROSBY and is convenient for local amenities including schools, shops, bars, restaurants and transport..."
" Move Residential is delighted to showcase for sale this outstanding, first floor apartment which is situated within the iconic Colonnades building which is located on Liverpool's world famous Albert Dock in the City Centre. The apartment, which forms part of a prestigious Grade II listed buildi..."
"Rarely does an opportunity come along at such a sought-after address in Blundellsands, for a plot with planning potential to build a prestige detached home. This fabulous plot measures around a quarter of an acre and will easily facilitate the build of a property with up to 8500 square feet of li..."
"Standing proudly on the ever sought after and affluent Menlove Avenue in Calderstones, L18, is this fabulous four/five bedroom detached family residence, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Available for sale with no onward chain, the property is spaciou..."
"- Three Bedroom Penthouse
- Situated in Liverpool City Centre
- Two roof terraces facing river and north strand views
- 1387 sq ft - Recently fully renovated throughout
- Parking Space Included"
"A great opportunity to purchase a detached property, with land and a triple stable block, situated in a semi-rural location, with good access to the motorway network. This beautiful home was built in the 1930s and has been lovingly updated by the current Vendors, resulting in a welcoming family ..."
"Knowsley Villages tucked away ""Devonshire Barn"" with it's gated access and oversized plot is an eye catching barn conversion that offers its owners that ""move to the countryside"" feel. Set in an easily commutable location this beauty is a must see for the most discerning of buyers.  ..."
"Discover your dream home in a prime location, nestled within the highly desirable Knowsley Village area.  This meticulously maintained and upgraded four-bedroom detached family home, situated on a premium corner plot, offers the perfect balance of semi-rural serenity and modern convenienc..."
"Sellect Homes are delighted to bring to the sales market this substantial, four-bedroom, detached property situated in a prime residential location off Rockbourne Avenue L25 boasting superb front and rear gardens and double garage."
"Set in a sought after location this executive four bedroom detached home provides excellent living space completed to a high standard with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a lovely loun..."
"This stunning penthouse apartment, optimally situated with Calderstones Park and the shops and restaurants of Allerton Road within strolling distance, has been meticulously renovated by the existing owners to exacting standards. "
"Arnold & Phillips are delighted to bring to market an exciting opportunity to purchase this generously proportioned four-bedroom detached executive family home, nestled attractively within an exclusive development of eight unique new build properties, located within a private and secure gated com..."
"***RARE OPPORTUNITY - INCREDIBLY SPACIOUS CHARACTER FAMILY HOME - PRESENTED TO THE HIGHEST STANDARD*** NO CHAIN **** Combining original features with modern conveniences. Neutrally decorated and READY TO MOVE STRAIGHT IN. Featuring light, bright and airy rooms throughout, including: contemporary ..."
"****WATCH OUR VIDEO TOUR TO WHET YOUR APPETITE**** Abode are delighted to offer for sale this truly stunning SIX bedroom double fronted EDWARDIAN family home situated in a highly sought after Blundellsands location. With Crosby beach just a short walk away, as well as a number of top qua..."
" Lyons Estates are delighted to offer FOR SALE this one bedroom flat located on second floor. It is situated within walking distance to local supermarkets, restaurants, a college and train/bus stations. You will also find yourself local to family-friendly spots such as parks, a swimming bat..."
"What a proposition! One of the very few building plots available, located in one of the most desirable spots in Formby. We are talking “hen's teeth”, particularly when you consider this lovely plot has a WEST facing rear garden.The FREEHOLD plot itself is approximately 21m x..."
"Charming and truly one-of-a-kind 4/5 bed Georgian terrace townhouse in the heart of the Liverpool L1 postcode!  Absolutely perfect for a couple or family wanting not just a spacious property, but also something totally unique and it is a treasure trove of period features scattered th..."
This detached architect designed home oozing many quirky features throughout is ideally located in a secluded area of Blundellsands and really must be seen. This beautiful property is a short walk from Crosby Beach making the location absolutely perfect. A short drive away you will fin...
"Located in the leafy and historical suburb of Woolton, L25 is this impressive five bedroom detached residence brought exclusively to the sales market by Move Residential. Situated on the highly regarded Rockbourne Avenue, this striking family home is approached via a smart decorative granite cobb..."
NEW INSTRUCTION - MOTIVATED SELLER | FANTASTIC DETACHED FAMILY HOME | FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS | SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION
"Offers in excess of £700,000. Priced to sell. The vendors will only consider those who are in an immediate position to purchase.  Welcome Home!!! This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase one of the largest remaining single dwellings located right in the heart of the G..."
"Entwistle Green are delighted to introduce for sale this exclusive up to six bedroom detached family home. Nestled in a private, gated community in Melling, close to local Primary schools, shops, transport links and amenities as well as rural countryside. The ground floor briefly comprises of ent..."
"Abode are pleased to present this large FOUR BEDROOM detached family home located in a very sought-after area in Blundellsands, just a stone throw away from Crosby beach and Hall Road train station. This well presented property briefly comprises; Porch, entrance hall, lounge, rear loung..."
"*****ONE OF A KIND**** Seldom does a property of such quality, style and imagination come to the market. Abode are delighted to offer for sale this stunning NEW BUILD four bedroom DETACHED family home situated in a highly sought after Blundellsands location. With a range of amen..."
"Standing proudly on Tower Way in the affluent suburb of Woolton Park, L25, is this outstanding five bedroom detached residence, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Styled and updated with meticulous attention to detail, this stunning home is set on an expa..."
"Karen Parks Sales and Lettings are delighted to bring to market this three bedroom detached true bungalow, located in a much sought after location. The property is just a short stroll away from Formby Nature Reserve, Formby Golf Club, the train station and within close proximity of shops and loca..."
OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN....Colette Gunter Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this spacious detached true bungalow which has undergone a full programme of renovation by the present owners and has been completed to an exacting standard....no stone has been left unturned and inter...
"Yopa is proudly presenting this stunning five bedroom detached bungalow to the market in this highly sort after location. Popular with families due to the excellent schools, green space, transport links for both road and rail. Viewings are highly recommended and strictly by appointment only"
Perfectly located in the popular Calderstones Park area and situated in a cul de sac sits this fantastic four bedroom detached house. This beautiful executive family home has generous sized living space throughout the property with newly fitted double glazed windows and new fitted kitchen. EPC C.
"Entwistle Green are delighted to introduce for sale this immaculately presented and extended, five bedroom semi detached Victorian family home. Situated in a quiet residential location of Crosby, close to Crosby village and walking distance from local shops, schools, transport links and amenities..."
" A new and exciting opportunity has arisen within the sales market to purchase this executive three bedroom duplex apartment, arriving exclusively at the sales market courtesy of award winning agents, Move Residential. Situated within the prestigious 'Forty Pits' development located in t..."
"A new and exciting opportunity has arisen within the sales market to purchase this executive three bedroom duplex apartment, arriving exclusively at the sales market courtesy of award winning agents, Move Residential. Situated within the prestigious 'Forty Pits' development located in the..."
"MODERN... SLEEK... MOVE IN READY… Whitegates are proud to market this substantial detached family residence which provides both spacious living and sleeping accommodation. Sitting on an immense plot. Boasting five bedrooms, one bathroom and one en-suite shower room, with the ground floor ..."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to bring to market this fantastic property located in the Georgian Quarter of Liverpool which has been converted into four self contained flats. Each unit has a slightly different configuration but briefly comprises of 1 or 2 bedrooms, living/kitchen area, bathroom. Int..."
"** STUNNING NEWLEY RENOVATED PROPERTY ** Set within a sought-after area of leafy Childwall, South Liverpool, is this beautiful 4 bedroomed extended detached property, an ideal home for growing families."
"This extended and much improved DETACHED HOME will tick a lot of boxes for a lot of people.As can be seen from the carefully prepared FLOOR PLAN, there is a wealth of accommodation that will be suited to a host of buyers, from those with a large family to those seeking MULTI-GENERA..."
"Green Lane is one of Liverpool's more desirable addresses and sits within the heart of this established, leafy and affluent south Liverpool suburb. The surrounding area is known for its excellent amenities and close proximity to the beautiful Calderstones Park. "
"Welcome to this stunning Five bedroom detached family home! Set in a fantastic position on Clarendon Road off Woolton Road this executive property provides excellent living space completed to a high standard with all NEW quality fitments, original features and tasteful décor throughout. Enteri..."
"DETACHED EXECUTIVE RESIDENCE, IN QUIET SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT IN SEFTON VILLAGE, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, MASTER WITH ENSUITE, THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, BEAUTIFUL CONSERVATORY, WALLED GARDENS TO THE REAR, DRIVEWAY FOR A NUMBER OF CARS AND DOUBLE GARAGE. ONE NOT TO BE MISSED! This beautifully present..."
"The Cutler is a 4-bedroom home that features an integral garage, en suite to bedroom 1, a contemporary family bathroom, an open-plan kitchen, dining and family area, and a spacious living room."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to bring to the market this four bedroom, detached family residence situated in the highly desirable location of Grassendale, with stunning views over the River Mersey to the front of the property. The property has undergone recent refurbishment, with beautiful new floo..."
"Set in a fantastic position this delightful four bedroom detached property provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises beautiful entrance hallway, to the left there is a living ..."
** Significant Semi Detached Character House ** Stunning Original Character Features Throughout ** Several Thousand Square Foot Of Floor Area Spread Over Three Levels ** Sympathetically Modernised Throughout ** Contemporary Kitchen & Bathrooms To A High Specification ** Detached Self Contained Ou...
"An impressive double fronted Edwardian detached residence situated within this delightful setting and enveloped by established, mature and beautiful gardens."
"Purplebricks are delighted to welcome this extremely unique 4 bed detached property, once the iconic former village bank, to the market. Located in the sought after coastal village of Hightown, the house is a short walk to the beach and Hightown train station with direct links to Liverpool City C..."
"Entwistle Green are delighted to introduce for sale this delightful four bedroom detached family home. Situated in the highly desirable location of Blundellsands, close to Crosby beach and Hall Road train station. The property briefly comprises of entrance porch and hallway, downstairs wc, lounge..."
"Wow - what a place! North Wall are over the moon to present this fantastic detached cottage right in the heart of Knowsley Village, in the conservation area of the Derby Estate. ‘10 The Cottages’ on Tithebarn Road occupies approximately 0.4 acres of land and has been extended to create a huge fou..."
"WOW, THIS IS SIMPLY STUNNING…………ONE OF A KIND (New Build Property, still under construction) No expense spared has gone into this beautiful detached family home. A credit to the developer and one not to be missed, this residence has been built to offer sheer luxury inside. Beech Cour..."
"- New Residential Development - Book your viewing today
- 3 Bedroom Apartment - Panoramic Super Terrace
- Reserve your Apartment today
- 0.2 Miles from Brunswick Train Station - For more Information Contact Logic Estates today"
"A rare opportunity has arisen within the sales market to purchase this executive two bedroom first floor apartment, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. This meticulously designed and sumptuous apartment is set within a stunning 19th Century Victorian Villa..."
"LETS TALK ABOUT THE ELEPHANT IN THE ROOM... intrigued?? AMAZING HOUSE... THE PROPERTY THAT KEEPS GIVING... A truly exceptional family residence, boasting extensive accommodation and situated in the highly sought after area of West Derby within walking distance to Top-rated..."
"Discreet Listing - Positioned in a leafy road in the much sought-after area of Woolton, this is an historic home dating back to the mid 1800’s. Once stables, it is now a unique, three-bedroom home covering two floors with a studio/workshop, and off-road parking. ACC..."
"NO CHAIN, Freehold, Recently Extended and Renovated Throughout, Modern and Chic Family Home, Integrated Miele Appliances, 4000 sq. ft. South Facing Rear Garden, 200 sq. ft. Garage and 3 Car Driveway, Open Plan Kitchen/Living"
"An imposing individually built four bedroom detached property situated with open aspects at the front on the prestige area of Ormskirk Road in Knowsley Village.  Close to all local amenities including local shops, schools, public transport routes and with excellent motorway access.  ..."
"Seldom does a property like this come to the market...This DETACHED BUNGALOW rests on a SUBSTANTIAL PLOT measuring 0.28 of an ACRE with a sunny SOUTH-FACING rear aspect.The accommodation itself is very spacious, and the layout works very well, take a look at the FLOORPLAN and see..."
"This wonderful five bedroom detached residence, idyllically located within the heart of the desirable suburb of Woolton, L25, has arrived at the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Located on Church Road, the property is exceptionally well presented throughout and boasts ..."
*SIX BEDROOMS* *PERIOD PROPERTY* *SEMI DETACHED* *FOUR STOREY* *VICTORIAN STYLE* *NO CHAIN* Introducing an astounding opportunity in the form of a six bedroom period property in the heart of reputable Cressington L19 Liverpool Merseyside. Entwistle Green are delighted to be able...
"Karen Parks @Berkeley Shaw are delighted to offer for sale this 2/3 bedroomed spacious and bright detached true bungalow. The property is situated on a quiet cul-de-sac road within close proximity to Formby Village, Local Schools and Formby Nature reserve. The accommodation comprises: porch, en..."
Beautifully presented detached bungalow*4 bedrooms*1 Bathroom and separate shower room*Large garden to the front and rear*Off road parking*Separate workshop area to the rear*Approximately 0.65 acres*Suitable for a variety of uses subject to necessary planning consents*convenient for M58 network a...
A substantial detached dwelling constructed by Rawsthorne offering well-appointed accommodation set out over two floors. The property sits within a substantial plot and will provide as prospective with an exciting redevelopment and refurbishment opportunity. 
"This much loved two-bed, detached bungalow has been cleverly modified creating spacious living accommodation and would be ideal for someone looking to downsize. It is located in a desirable and sought after part of Formby, close to local shops and transport links. Woodland walks and easy access t..."
"An attractive opportunity to purchase this substantial double fronted 1930's detached residence, which has been significantly extended allowing for spacious accommodation set out over two floors. "
Unique opportunity! Venmore estate agents are proud to present this beautiful six-bedroom townhouse a short walk from Crosby Marina and the coastal park.
Luxury eco apartments available below market value in Liverpool city centre.A22
A stunning 3 bed apartment with views to wow and luxury facilities in the heart of Liverpool
"**GUIDE PRICE £625,000** Brought to the market with an exciting and original design, North End Manor is one of two four bed detached homes appointed with an exclusive development just off Gerrards Lane, L26. **CALL FOR FURTHER INFORMATION**"
"Sellect Homes are delighted to bring to the sales market this four bedroom detached residence located on Childwall Park Avenue, one of Liverpool's premier suburbs, the area boasts a stunning variety of amenities including shopping facilities, bars, restaurants and transport links."
Karen Parks Sales and Lettings are delighted to bring to market this recently extended and fully refurbished three bedroom detached bungalow. Every detail has been thought of during the renovation of this property and offers versatile living for both couples or a family. The property briefly comp...
"Interior inspection is highly recommended to fully appreciate this stunning three double bedroom detached true bungalow which has recently been re-designed, extended and fully renovated to a very high standard by the current owner. The transformation of this bungalow is truly amazing, resultin..."
"Standing proudly on Rimsdale Close in the desirable suburb of Aigburth, L17, is this outstanding five bedroom, three storey extended detached property, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Enjoying a prime position on the Close, the property boasts pictures..."
This large detached family home set in a quiet cul de sac location in Blundellsands boasts bags of space throughout and benefits from a spacious corner plot. Situated in a conservation area in one of the most popular spots in Blundellsands but also a short distance from plenty of local...
"We are proud to present this Five Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £600,000 - £650,000*"
This stunning detached property set in an extremely sought after location behind electric gates really does have the wow factor and is being sold with no-ongoing chain. Located in the ever popular area of Blundellsands allowing for complete tranquillity but also near to plenty of local...
NO UPWARD CHAIN...Colette Gunter Estate Agents are pleased to present to the market this deceptively spacious detached dormer style house.  This immaculately presented property has been tastefully extended offering a classic and conventional design which would appeal to a wide variety buy...
"A semi detached house, converted into six flats for sale by Private Treaty. The proeprty is located in a good residential area and is an ideal investment opportunity. "
"**GUIDE PRICE £600,000** Weston House is an exceptional detached barn conversion that is located in a remarkable position just off a quiet country lane within L26.**CALL FOR FURTHER INFORMATION**"
"On instructions FromStrettons ReceiversB. Tobin & P. JospehCASH PURCHASE ONLY.Please note there is NO BUILDING COMPLETION CERTIFICATE, and the is NO NEW HOME WARRANTY.DETACHED property set within a GATED community in RURAL West L..."
"*DESIRABLE LOATION**EXTENDED* *DRIVEWAY**GARAGE**ATTIC ROOM* Entwistle green is overjoyed and very proud to bring to the market a rare opportunity to purchase this beautiful, four bedroom extended yet traditional semi detached property, ideally located on Woolacombe Road in the highly..."
" NO CHAIN / HUGE POTENTIAL - DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH A SITE THAT EXTENDS TO ALMOST AN ACRE! LYONS ESTATES are pleased to offer FOR SALE this 9 bedroom detached property. Situated in an extremely sought after location of Southport Road, Lydiate, being a 5 minute drive away from Maghull Town ..."
"A wonderful opportunity to purchase this impeccably presented and tastefully extended detached family residence, situated in the highly sought after and established location within Woolton, being served by a wealth of amenities and surrounded by plentiful green space. "
"Located within the highly desirable suburb of Calderstones, L18, is this stunning three bedroom semi detached family home, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Situated on Beech Lane, this executive property is exceptionally presented throughout and enjoys ..."
"Jones and Chapman are extremely delighted to offer for sale a rare opportunity to purchase this beautifully proportioned and presented family residence, situated in a popular residential location of Mossley Hill served by a wealth of local amenities and set within the fringes of Sefton Park."
"Perfectly located on Calder Grange in the affluent suburb of Calderstones, L18, is this fantastic four bedroom detached residence, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. This stunning family home is tastefully designed throughout and enjoys generous living pr..."
"Arnold & Phillips are delighted to bring to market this beautiful four-bedroom barn conversion, situated within a generous plot along the highly sought-after Eager Lane in Lydiate. The property has been sympathetically restored and presented to an extremely high standard and now provides every am..."
"Standing proudly on Cresttor Road in the desirable residential area of Woolton, L25, is this outstanding four bedroom extended semi detached property, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Available for sale with no onward chain, the property has recently un..."
A rare opportunity to purchase this unique penthouse apartment situated on the fifth floor of this unique development. The development occupies a prominent position close to the Albert Dock Complex which is home to the Tate Gallery and an excellent choice of stylish bars and restaurants and Liver...
"Viewing is essential to fully appreciate this immaculately presented four double bedroom detached family home which offers spacious and versatile accommodation with potential to extend to the front, side and rear (architect drawings are available). This delightful property is situated in a sou..."
"This handsome double fronted, five bed detached home rests in what is our opinion the best plot on this much sought after development benefitting from a large garden and settled adjacent to Maghull Moss Side Cricket Ground. The property affords a floor plan spanning two inviting levels with over ..."
"Stylish city living apartments offering investors 7% rental income with low prices from £89,995. Exceptional buy to let opportunity located in Liverpool city centre. Investors can enjoy an 7% rental income. Low entry prices still available in this centrally located residential development. A925"
Grosvenor Waterford are delighted to offer for sale a truly stunning six bedroom detached residence situated on a most sought after exclusive gated development in Melling. The accommodation has been finished to the standard you would expect of a premier property and boast four en suites with the ...
"FOR SALE VIA AUCTION: Terms and conditions apply. We are pleased to offer for sale via online auction this substantial double fronted building, occupying both 505 and 507 Smithdown Road. The property is being sold with tenants in situ, to the ground floor there is a successful local restaurant..."
"Colette Gunter Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this immaculately presented four double bedroom detached property which offers impressive and deceptively spacious and versatile accommodation, which could easily be adapted to suit changing family needs. This stunning residence, built..."
"ABODE are offering to the market this GREAT SIZE 4 BEDROOM SEMI DEATCHED FAMILY HOME which occupies a prime position on Menlove Avenue. Briefly comprising of an impressive entrance hall, ground floor wc. lounge, sitting room, dining room, kitchen, utility room and garage all to the ground floor. ..."
***RARE OPPORTUNITY*** Colette Gunter Estate Agents are delighted to offer this exciting and rare opportunity to build your own dream home.  This prime building plot which extends to approximately 1.2 acres has the benefit of full planning permission  for a substantial four bedroom d...
"Situated on Woolton Road in the desirable L25 suburb is this fantastic four bedroom detached bungalow, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Set on an expansive plot, the property offers scope for redevelopment, enjoys generous living proportions and very we..."
"DETACHED EXECUTIVE RESIDENCE, SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION THROUGHOUT, CORNER PLOT, SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION, FIVE BEDROOMS, LARGE LOUNGE, SPACIOUS FAMILY ROOM WITH KITCHEN, DINING AND LIVING SPACE. ENCLOSED GARDENS. GARAGE AND LARGE DRIVEWAY. NO ONWARD CHAIN. This detached executive residence sits on a..."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to bring to the market this prestigious duplex penthouse apartment. Accessed via a communal entrance with secure intercom. The apartment is located over two levels comprising; a welcoming entrance hall, W.C, a dining area, an attractive formal lounge and a modern kitche..."
"New to the market with Strike this delightful six-bedroom family home in sought-after Liverpool 18. Set in a sought-after part of leafy south Liverpool, is this truly stunning & deceptively spacious, mid-terrace Victorian property. Offering an abundance of space, charm, and chara..."
"4 Bedroom Detached property for sale in Hightown, Liverpool, Merseyside."
"Stapleton Derby are delighted to offer for sale this large, individual character family home situated down a quiet country lane and surrounded by open countryside. Sitting on a large plot surrounded by gardens and then open fields beyond, the spacious versatile accommodation makes this a fantasti..."
"FABULOUS LOCATION! Situated at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac, just off the ever popular Freshfield Road, Entwistle Green are delighted to offer this private detached property which is in close proximity of Formby High School, excellent primary schools, Formby Village, Formby train station and lo..."
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £590,000 - £650,000*"
"Karen Parks sales and lettings are delighted to bring to market this three bedroom, extended link-detached bungalow. The property is situated in a sought after location just a short stroll away from Formby pinewoods and nature reserve. It is also conveniently located near to shops, cafes and tran..."
"Set behind gates you will find this individually designed DOUBLE-FRONTED DETACHED HOUSE that offers a wealth of opportunity.The property rests on a generous PLOT of 0.14 of an ACRE with a sunny WEST-facing rear aspect. The internal FLOOR AREA covers an impressive 2,200 sq ft.As y..."
*** LUXURY 3-BEDROOM DUPLEX APARTMENT *** LOCATED IN THE PRIVATE GROUNDS OF YE PRIORY COURT *** BOASTS A BRIGHT AND SPACIOUS LIVING ROOM/DINER *** 3 LARGE DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** ENSUITE TO MASTER BEDROOM *** JACK & JILL EN-SUITE TO 2 OTHER BEDROOMS *** 3 W/CS *** CHARACTERISTIC & ORIGINAL FE...
"A TRANQUIL and ESTABLISHED location. The variety of trees softens the landscape and attracts an array of wildlife, which certainly makes this CUL-DE-SAC coveted.Furthermore, the property is just moments away from the PINEWOODS and BEACH, which is undoubtedly appealing.This house ..."
"The stunning views over open fields will be one of the big attractions of this delightful property.Set at the head of a private road, this modern detached family home offers four bedrooms, one with an ensuite shower room, a large lounge with a conservatory off, together with a study or ..."
"Introducing this fine example of lavish luxury located in the prestigious Allerton Priory. Ye Priory Court is the epitome of elegance with period characteristics, manicured grounds and vast space which wows. A beautiful and secluded private road takes you on a journey to give you the most s..."
"A quality detached house on a highly sought after residential cul-de-sac location. Short stroll to the Village, excellent school catchment area. Neutrally decorated throughout and ready to move straight in. Comprising:"
"A rare and exciting opportunity has arisen to purchase this double fronted five bedroom semi-detached Victorian house which offers spacious and versatile accommodation over three floors, including three entertaining rooms, five double bedrooms, study and an extensive west facing rear garden. T..."
"Situated on Carnatic Road and in an executive gated community with an enviable location close to the bustling cafe cultures of Lark Lane and Allerton Road is this fantastic modern Town House. Offering accommodation over three floors, and located where you can enjoy the more sophisticated side of ..."
"Located on Gallant Close, a quiet-cul-de-sac situated within the heart of Woolton Village, L25, is this well presented four bedroom detached family home, provides generous living proportions throughout. Boasting an attractive frontage, you are greeted into the home to a welcoming entrance hallway..."
"** Beautiful, Elegant Family Home ** Highly Sought After Mossley Hill Location In L18 ** Six Well Proportioned Bedrooms ** No Chain ** Three Sizeable Reception Rooms ** Full Of Character And Charm ** Stunning Read Gardens and Views From Balcony ** Close To Beautiful Parks And Excellent Schools **..."
"L8 Apartments offers 1 and 2-bedroom buy to let investments with 7% rental returns. Apartments are available from£139,995 and will generate high rental incomeand capital growth. A6"
** Beautifully Presented Family Home ** Open Plan Kitchen/Diner ** Two Reception Rooms & Study ** Well Manicured Front & Rear Gardens ** Extremely Well Presented Throughout ** Well Proportioned Bedrooms ** Perfect For Families ** Close To Excellent Schools & Amenities ** Walking Distance To Local...
"Combining style, space, practicality and with a definite sense of style too, the Ledsham is a home very much designed with the needs of contemporary family life in mind. The expansive kitchen/dining room perhaps characterises best the Ledsham's pragmatism and flexibility, with its ..."
"Beautifully balanced design means that despite its substantial, five bedroom size, Those who desire a home built for 21st century living yet still have an appreciation for traditional aesthetics are sure to fall in love with The Hampstead 5. As part of our esteemed Heritage Collection, the fronta..."
"Fabulous location! Situated just off Victoria Road, Entwistle Green are delighted to offer this spacious, four-bedroom, detached Bungalow which offers the unique addition of an annex which benefits it’ own entrance. To the main Bungalow there is an Entrance Hallway, lounge, open ..."
The Leamington Lifestyle is a 3 BEDROOM DETACHED home with SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/FAMILY AREA and a LARGE SEPARATE LOUNGE. An EN-SUITE to EVERY BEDROOM and a walk-in wardrobe to the master
"Stunning family home nestled in one of the most exclusive and desirable areas on Childwall Park Avenue, close to great local amenities, road links, train station and close proximity to some of the most fought over schools including, Childwall C of E Primary School, Mosspits and Blue Coats Seconda..."
Colette Gunter Estate Agents are pleased to present to the market this FOUR bedroom detached house which occupies a pleasant position in this much sought after location and with the advantage of an extensive rear garden.  The property offers thoughtfully extended and immaculately presente...
"Entwistle Green are delighted to introduce for sale this delightful, four bedroom detached family home. Situated in the highly desirable location in Maghull, close to local schools, train station, shops, and amenities. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall, spacious lounge, kitchen dine..."
"Interior inspection is highly recommended to fully appreciate this beautifully presented four double bedroom extended detached house which offers deceptively spacious and versatile family accommodation, including a spacious and bright kitchen open to a dining area, two ensuites plus a Family B..."
Impressive FIVE BEDROOM executive home over THREE STORIES. OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/FAMILY/DINING area with a SEPARATE LOUNGE. Master bedroom includes DRESSING ROOM and EN-SUITE while the second floor has a SHOWER ROOM next to bedrooms 4 and 5.
** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY ** Located in the heart of Old Maghull and close to all local amenities. We are delighted to offer for sale this portfolio of five two-bedroom maisonette properties all of which are currently let on individual AST's. The properties are located on the first floor above a...
Sutton Kersh are delighted to be given the opportunity to market this stunning semi-detached five-bedroom family home located on the cusp of the ever popular and historic Sefton Park. This character rich property has been cared for immaculately by the current owners and has original features res...
"Located on Halkyn Avenue, directly off Ullet Road in the desirable and leafy suburb of Sefton Park, L17, is this truly stunning Seven bedroom terraced property, arriving proudly at the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Jones and Chapman"
Beautifully presented four-bedroom detached home in the heart of Childwall with a stunning extended open-plan kitchen / living area
"Move Residential is pleased to offer for sale this delightful four bedroom semi detached family home, perfectly located on Gwydrin Road in the desirable suburb of Calderstones, L18. Available for sale with no onward chain, the property is in need of some modernisation and offers a profusion of po..."
"New Residential Development Book your viewing today
3 Bed 2 Bath Apartment
13th Floor Panoramic Views
Reserve your Apartment today
0.2 Miles from Brunswick Train Station For more Information Contact Logic Estates today"
"Move Residential is delighted to offer for sale this stunning three bedroom detached bungalow, standing proudly on Gateacre Park Drive in Woolton, L25. Exuding style and sophistication, this impressively spacious property has recently undergone an extensive scheme of renovation throughout and is ..."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to offer for sale this stunning four bedroom detached property full of original features, in a sought after area of West Derby. This perfect family home offers well planned accommodation over two floors and in brief comprises of the following, A welcoming hallway, two ..."
"This 5 bedroom detached cottage is located in the highly sought-after village of Hightown. The property is positioned in a highly desirable location with a private, gated driveway, just a stones throw from the dunes and shoreline. Boasting a large open-plan layout, this home is perfect for contem..."
** No Onward Chain! ** Fantastic Opportunity To Refurbish & Extend ** Stunning Period Features Retained ** Mature Gardens To Front & Rear ** Driveway Parking & Large Detached Garage ** Highly Sought After South Liverpool Location ** Surrounded By Quality Local Schools ** Minutes From Calderstones...
"Set within a much sought after private development , this stunning extended five bedroom detached home provides excellent living space completed to a high standard. Perfect for families, this delightful property has a great deal to offer. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation w..."
An exquisite four bedroom large detached family home with gated horseshoe drive. Located in the much sought after Knowsley Village area. 
"A rare opportunity to purchase this generous semi detached Victorian Villa, nestled between both Sefton Park and Princes Park whilst being served by a wealth of amenities locally. The property boasts well proportioned accommodation set over four floors, being in need of modernisation throughout."
"A deceptively large 3/4 bedroom house set in a large plot with a spacious interior and easy potential for extension. Recently installed boiler and central heating system, three new bathrooms and modernised kitchen accentuate this bright and spacious family home. Whilst offering No Onward Chain."
"8% rental return is on these brand-new, fully completed apartments in North Liverpool. This is an amazing return on a residential investment to give you the highest rental income in the city. B851"
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to bring to the market this exquisite semi-detached family home. In brief the property comprises from the ground floor; a large hallway with feature staircase and solid hardwood flooring, a spacious reception room providing open planned living into a seperate office spa..."
"Crosby Gardens is a stylish, boutique development of three houses and five apartments, just at the junction of Hicks Road and Park Road, Waterloo. A popular area, close to travel links and roads taking you to Liverpool city centre and the motorway network. We are proud to present a truly con..."
"Standing proudly on Woolton Road in the affluent area of Woolton, L25, is this stunning four bedroom semi detached family home, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Enjoying an elegant design throughout, the property perfectly blends both contemporary and t..."
Set in a fantastic position this beautiful three bedroom semi detached home provides excellent living space completed to a high standard with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises a spacious entrance hallw...
This is a great opportunity to acquire a fully tenanted block of 5 apartments within a grade 2 listed building.
STEP BACK... AND APPRECIATE... WOW... WORDS CANNOT DESCRIBE THIS PROPERTY... SITUATED IN THE HEART OF KNOWSLEY VILLAGE... Whitegates are excited to bring to the market this stunning architecturally designed detached house. The property has been built and finished...
FOUR DOUBLE-BEDROOM DETACHED home with a huge OPEN PLAN LIVING AREA stretching width of property as well as a SEPARATE LOUNGE. The first floor includes TWO EN-SUITE BEDROOMS.
The Oxford Lifestyle is a 3 BEDROOM DETACHED home with an EN-SUITE to each BEDROOM along with a WALK-IN DRESSING ROOM to the master BEDROOM. Ground floor boasts an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM along with SEPARATE UTILITY and CLOAKS ROOM as well as a SEPARATE LOUNGE and INTEGRAL GARAGE.
"Welcome to your dream home! This imposing EXTENDED DETACHED HOUSE offers luxury living, boasting 2,500sq.ft. of living space and sitting on a large corner plot of 0.18 of an acre. With three spacious bedrooms and THREE MODERN BATHROOMS, this home is perfect for families looking for both comfor..."
"AN IMPRESSIVE 4 BED DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH CINEMA ROOM - This truly stunning home is situated in a highly sought after L37 location. With a range of amenities in close proximity such as shops, supermarkets, excellent transport links and a number of top-quality schools in the area, Liverpool Ro..."
Detached property in a  well established area served by a wealth of amenity including the popular shopping at the nearby Allerton Road and Woolton Road which between them offer a wide choice of local and superstore shopping. The area is renowned for its selection of schoo...
"Karen Parks Sales and Lettings are delighted to bring to market this four bedroom, detached double fronted property. The house is located on a large corner plot with gardens spanning round the property. The property briefly comprises of: to the ground floor - hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen..."
"Ball & Percival are delighted to offer this immaculately presented three bedroom detached house which offers bright, spacious and versatile open plan family living."
"LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION!! Entwistle Green are delighted to bring to market this attractive four-bedroom home. This fantastic property is located down a desirable cul-de-sac and is a perfect family home……. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall, three reception rooms, ope..."
"- New Residential Development - 3 Bedroom Apartment
- Located on 8th Floor
- Panoramic Terrace
- 1528 sq t
-0.2 Miles from Brunswick Train Station
- Reserve your Apartment today
"
"Situated on the top floor of the highly sought-after Manolis Yard development, nestled between bustling Bold Street and thriving Seel Street, this duplex apartment is a truly beautiful home with unrivalled panoramic views across the city`s skyline."
"A fabulous completely renovated four bed family home now available for sale. Imagine a private lounge, plus a huge open plan family room and kitchen. Four bedrooms with a superb family bathroom, superb garden space , and an integral garage. Be the first to see this wonderful home. Call now."
** Beautiful Well Manicured Rear Garden ** Perfect For Families ** Driveway ** Highly Sought After Location In Mossley Hill L18 Converted Loft Space ** Well Proportioned Bedrooms ** Welcoming Hallway ** Close To Excellent Schools & Amenities ** Modern Bathroom ** Plenty Of Storage Space **
Venmore Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this stunning and beautifully finished three bedroom detached bungalow on the borders of Woolton Village.
"***ONE OF A KIND*** Are you looking for a beautiful 4 bedroom semi detached home in a popular location with an IMMACULATE FINISH THROUGHOUT. ABODE HIGHLY RECOMMENDS viewings as this property will not be available for long!!! Briefly comprising of a porch, entrance hall, lounge, dinin..."
"*** ARE YOU LOOKING FOR YOUR PERFECT FOREVER HOME?.... LOOK NO FURTHER *** STUNNING EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME *** CORNER PLOT *** QUIET L25 CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION *** CLOSE PROXIMITY TO LOCAL SHOPS, SCHOOLS, TRANSPORT LINKS & ALL AMENITIES *** INTERNAL VIEWING RECOMMENDED ***"
"We are delighted to bring the market a substantial semi detached Victorian family house, situated on this popular residential road, part of a conservation area located nearby to the delightful 235 acre Sefton Park. With a host of original features this spacious accommodation with excellent ro..."
"NO CHAIN. Set in a sought after location this delightful four bedroom semi-detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a front facing sitting/f..."
"The Avondale is a four bedroom detached family home. Downstairs you'll find a spacious open plan kitchen/diner with a bay window, creating an ideal social space. There is a handy utility room adjoining the kitchen with extra storage space. The triple aspect lounge is a great place to relax in the..."
"'Unusually good at what we do' - Three Bedroom Semi Detached House
- Two Reception Rooms
- Kitchen/Diner
- Rear Garden
- Driveway & Garage
- Double Glazed - Centrally Heated
- Excellent Transport Links
"
"Set in a fantastic position this delightful five bedroom home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a sitting room, a w.c. A front facing dining room lea..."
"***CHECK OUT THE VIDEO TOUR*** ***1.7 ACRES WITH BARNS, STABLES AND OUTBUILDINGS*** ***NO CHAIN*** North Wall are thrilled to market this truly exceptional and unique extended semi detached cottage in this wonderful semi-rural location. 'Peets Cottage' is set within a stunning location which..."
"** No Chain ** Set in a fantastic position this delightful four bedroom detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a spacious lounge which has ..."
"* Luxury Penthouse Apartments
* 2 bedrooms
* Private Terraces
* Open Plan Living
* Spectacular City, Dock or River Views
* High Specification Kitchen and Bathrooms
* Prices range from £430,000 - £585,000
* Sizes vary from 1270 - 1711 sq ft"
"Colette Gunter Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this beautiful three/four bedroom detached true bungalow which sits on a generous plot well back from the road and offers deceptively spacious and versatile accommodation, including a spacious and bright entertaining room open to a d..."
"Greenco Property Group are delighted to present this idyllic, three bedroom detached bungalow situated just off Menlove Avenue in the highly desirable area of Woolton. "
"Standing proudly in the prestigious sought-after suburb of Roby, L36, is this truly stunning four bedroom detached family residence. Set over two floors and finished to an impeccable standard, the property boasts its sizeable plot sitting on charming grounds, set off Roby Road. Upon en..."
"Four bedroom semi detached house in sought after cul de sac of Grassendale, L19"
The hub of your new home is the open-plan kitchen with dining and family areas. A glazed bay into the garden lets light flood in and really adds a wow factor. Tuck away the less glamourous bits in your handy utility. The lounge with attractive bay window is a great place to relax and a study is p...
"Move Residential is pleased to offer for sale this well presented four bedroom extended semi detached family home, ideally located on Melbreck Road in the popular suburb of Mossley Hill, L18. Recently renovated throughout to a very high standard, this generously sized home is set on an expansive ..."
"Move Residential is delighted to introduce to the sales market this substantial four bedroom semi detached property, situated within the highly desirable community of Childwall, L16. Located on Childwall Park Avenue, this wonderfully presented property enjoys generous proportions and is finished ..."
Sutton Kersh are delighted to offer for sale this bespoke and beautifully presented extended semi-detached family home situated in the highly sought after location boasting many attractive original features and offering ergonomic accommodation over two floors. The property briefly comprises to th...
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Situated in the heart of Liverpool City Centre, is this fantastic top-floor 3-bedroom penthouse apartment, an ideal home for professionals and investors. The accommodation is bright and spacious throughout, where modern meets homely. The apartment is situated on t..."
"This BUNGALOW occupies a PRIME LOCATION on a DESIRABLE PLOT which enjoys a SOUTH facing aspect.The property is just a short WALK to the VILLAGE, and the overall plot is 0.19 acre on a FREEHOLD title.This property has been a much-loved home for over 30 years and is ready for the n..."
"This DETACHED HOUSE has been a much-loved home for over 28 years and is now ready for a new FAMILY to enjoy the property.The accommodation is bright, spacious and flows well. The ENTRANCE PORCH is substantial and leads through to the HALL. The LOUNGE enjoys a dual aspect with doors into..."
Looking for a spacious family home in the heart of Mossley Hill? Venmores Estate Agents are delighted to present to the sales market this substantial four-bedroom semi-detached home on Tullimore Road.
"A rare opportunity has arisen within the sales market to purchase this wonderful two bedroom detached bungalow, perfectly located on Darby Road in the desirable suburb of Grassendale, L19. Available for sale with no onward chain, the property has been exceptionally well maintained over the years ..."
"A spaciouse, bespoke, and immaculately proesented three-bedroom home nestled in a highly sought-after location. This is a bungalow that has been completely renovated and set out over two floors. one the ground floor you are greeted with a spaciouse Hallway and oak staircase, there are&nbs..."
"Hunters are proud to bring to the market this family home, located in Woolton Village and near Reynolds Park, just off Church Road & Quarry St on Linkstor Road. The property has been designed with an open plan feel in mind, where everything flows. From the living room, into the dining ro..."
"Perfectly located on 'Stonecrop', a quiet cul-de-sac situated in the heart of the coveted suburb of Calderstones, L18, is this fantastic four bedroom detached residence, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. In brief, the property comprises; a welc..."
"*** STUNNING DETACHED HOME IN THE HEART OF WOOLTON VILLAGE *** 4 BEDROOMS, 2 BATHROOMS, 1 EN-SUITE *** ATTRACTIVE QUIET CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION *** 2 RECEPTION ROOMS *** FITTED KITCHEN *** INSULATED CONSERVATORY *** DOWNSTAIRS W/C *** BRIGHT ENTRANCE HALL *** DOUBLE GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY WITH SPACE FOR..."
** No Chain ** Prestigious City Centre Development ** Extremely Well Presented Throughout ** Stunning Views Across Liverpool & Beyond ** Modern Fitted Kitchen With Integrated Appliances ** Fully Tiled Bathrooms With Contemporary Fixtures & Fittings ** Communal Roof Terrace With Views Of Albert Do...
Looking for a detached bungalow in the heart of Aigburth? Venmores Estate Agents are delighted to present to the sales market this substantial three-bedroom detached bungalow in Westbury Close.
"In a much SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION stands this welcoming, DETACHED family home with THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS. With a GATED DRIVEWAY and GARAGE, a UTILITY ROM and DOWNSTAIRS WC, this impressive property is suited to busy family life. Work at home in the OFFICE/STUDY and enjoy the SPACIOUS LIVING on offer."
"Brand-new eco development in Liverpool city centre with 7%rental return and fantastic prices starting from just £90,000. A34"
"Sutton Kersh are proud to offer for sale this stunning five bedroom extended detached family home! The sprawling property has been tastefully styled by its current owners and offers a fantastic standard of living. In brief, the property internally comprises; entrance hallway, three living rooms, ..."
"FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME featuring TWO EN-SUITE BEDROOMS, SEPARATE LOUNGE AND SNUG, OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM and an INTEGRAL DOUBLE GARAGE."
FOR SALE BY AUCTION: terms and conditions apply. We are delighted to welcome to the market this wonderful eight bedroom terraced property. Located in Kelvin Grove which is accessed from High Park St behind the newly regenerated Welsh Streets and within walking distance of historic Princes Park...
STUNNING EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM family home is not to be missed for sure!! With contemporary upgrades including an open plan kitchen/dining/seating area and separate utility room and WC. To the front of the house there is a front lounge. Upstairs there are FOUR bedrooms and modern bathroom. The ...
"For Sale By Online Auction. Starting Bids £499,950. Terms and Conditions Apply. We are delighted to welcome to the market this wonderful eight bedroom terraced property. Located in Kelvin Grove which is accessed from High Park St behind the newly regenerated Welsh Streets and wit..."
"The Bradgate is a DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM HOME. You'll discover a light and spacious lounge with a BAY WINDOW. The open plan kitchen offers dining and family areas with FRENCH DOORS THAT OPEN ONTO THE REAR GARDEN, ensuring a light and bright home all year round. If you're looking to WORK FROM HOME,..."
"This fabulous, three bed detached true bungalow has been extended to the rear and developed throughout, and now provides a wonderful space for modern day living! The open plan kitchen / dining and living room being the hub of the property with brand new fixtures and sliding patio doors leading ou..."
***WATCH OUR VIDEO TOUR to whet your appetite*** Abode are delighted to offer for sale this IMPRESSIVE four bedroom double fronted detached property situated in a much sought after L17 location. With Otterspool promenade just a short walk away as well as other local amenities in close proximi...
"This brand new, 4 bedroom detached home offers almost 2000 sq ft of immaculate living space and enjoys a privileged plot at the end of a long private drive. The design of the property has been borne from a desire to successfully mix the practical with the luxurious with the floor plan providing a..."
"Ball & Percival are privileged to offer for sale 'Doga Yazlik' (nature's house), a home of impeccable quality. This stunning, extended four bedroom semi-detached residence exhibits an exemplary finish throughout, with only the highest specification of fixtures and fittings implemented. The re..."
Sellect Homes are delighted to offer for sale this true five bedroom detached property situated in the very sought after area of L25. 
"*** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*** Six self contained apartments within a multiple dwellings property.
Fully tenanted with a monthly income of £2,375.01. Apartment 1 - £360
Apartment 2 - £411.67
Apartment 3 - £390.00
Apartment 4 - £411.67
Apartment 5 - £411.67
Apartment 6 - £390.00 The property ha..."
"** BEAUTIFUL DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Set within a sought-after area of leafy South Liverpool, on a quiet road, is this well-presented four-bedroom detached property, an ideal home for growing families. The accommodation is bright and spacious throughout, whe..."
"Get excellent offers on apartments in Liverpool City Centre. These fully complete and tenanted, buy to let apartments are ideally located and provide investor with 6% rental returns. A1083"
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to offer for sale this delightfully presented and substantial four bedroom mid terraced family home. In brief the property comprises of a vestibule entrance with lead light detailed glazing, leading through into a generous welcoming reception hallway with stairs rising..."
"Standing proudly on Menlove Avenue in Calderstones, L18, is this charming five bedroom mid terrace family home. Rich with charm and character, this wonderful property is exceptionally well presented throughout and enjoys generous living proportions. Boasting an attractive frontage, you are gree..."
"Enjoying a prime position on one of South Liverpool's most sought after locations is this fantastic four bedroom extended semi detached property, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Located on Menlove Avenue, the property boasts a substantial frontage ..."
"This stunning double-fronted family home boasting bags of character really does have the wow factor and isn't one to miss. Located in the heart of Waterloo; within walking distance are plenty of shops, bars, restaurants and transport links. There are also plenty of good schools within..."
"UNIQUE, STUNNING FEATURES (some original), EXTENDED SPACIOUS FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM PROPERTY, TWO/THREE LIVING SPACES, (over two floors) OPEN PLAN KITCHEN BREAKFAST/MORNING AREA, SEPERATE DINING ROOM, FAMILY BATHROOM AND A SEPERATE SHOWER ROOM AND MUCH MORE. This rare opportunity gives buyers the..."
Karen Parks Sales and Lettings are delighted to bring to market this three bedroom immaculately presented and deceptively spacious detached dormer bungalow. The property would be perfect for either a family or a couple looking to downsize that still wish for space for family to stay. The property...
"Sutton Kersh are extremely delighted to offer for sale this stunning and beautifully proportioned four bedroom semi-detached family residence. Situated in the highly sought after and popular residential location within Mossley Hill, being served by a wealth of amenities and surrounded by plenty ..."
"Sutton Kersh are pleased to introduce to the market this duplex two bedroom apartment with the entrance on 19th floor down to 18th floor. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall, master bedroom with en-suite, second bedroom and heading down the stairway there is the open plan lounge/diner..."
Four Bedroom Family Home 
"3 Bed semi detached home in a very sought after area. The property provides spacious living accomodation with 2 reception rooms and large breakfast kitchen, 3 bedrooms and luxury bathroom. Outside to the front a good sized block paved driveway and integral garage, to the rear a large lawned garden."
"Investor Exclusive: Historic buy to let opportunity open to investors only, located in Liverpool city centre commercial district. Refurbished properties available from £139,995 with rental income.B884"
"This stunning four bedroom extended semi detached family home located on Caithness Road in Allerton, L18, will provide the perfect future home for any family looking to upsize in one of South Liverpool's most sought after suburbs. Having recently been extended and renovated throughout to an e..."
" Crosby Gardens is a stylish, boutique development of three houses and five apartments, just at the junction of Hicks Road and Park Road, Waterloo. A popular area, close to travel links and roads taking you to Liverpool city centre and the motorway network. We are proud to present a tru..."
Sutton Kersh are delighted to market this amazing detached extended bungalow situated on a large plot tucked away in a Cul-De-Sac location that is not directly overlooked. The property has been heavily extended by the current owners and needs to be viewed to appreciate what is on offer. The prope...
Sutton Kersh are delighted to market this amazing Detached True Bungalow situated on a large corner plot tucked away in a Cul-De-Sac location that is not directly overlooked with open woodland to the rear elevation. The property has been heavily extended by the current owners and could be extend...
"This attractive spacious four bedroom townhouse style property is being sold with no on-going chain and is set in a tranquil yet central location in Blundellsands. Within walking distance are plenty of shops, bars, restaurants and transport links including Blundellsands & Crosby Tr..."
*** LUXURY FAMILY HOME WITH SEPARATE TWO BEDROOM ANNEXE***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED!!!*** Set in a fantastic position this delightful five bedroom detached house provides excellent living space completed to a high standard with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Viewing is a must!
"Located within the highly regarded and affluent suburb of Calderstones, L18, is this wonderful three bedroom extended semi detached property, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Standing proudly on Green Lane, the property occupies an expansive plot and in..."
"VACANT POSSESSION! READY TO MOVE IN! NO ONWARD CHAIN! *PREMIUM WATERFRONT LUXURY PENTHOUSE APARTMENT WITH PRIVATE BALCONY & PARKING* Mr Investa are pleased to present this magnificent and unique opportunity to purchase this THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM, CORNER POSITIONED apartment locate..."
"- Three bedroom duplex apartment
- Southside corner unit
- Located on floors 2 and 3 - 1932 sqft
- Views of Liverpool's iconic waterfront including the Liver Building - Entrance via kitchen lounge situated on duplex
- Buy this exact apartment today"
"**GUIDE PRICE £475,000** A rare opportunity to acquire a single storey dwelling in this area, Cherry Barn is one of two bungalows individually designed with the modern homeowner in mind and promises light filled, spacious interiors to meet the exacting standards of even the most discer..."
Colette Gunter Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this stunning detached family house which occupies a pleasant elevated position and is set within good sized landscaped gardens. The property which was newly constructed in 2015 has a highly efficient energy rating (EPC rating...
"The current vendor has owned this DETACHED PROPERTY for seven years, during that period the current owners have undertaken extensive UPGRADING WORKS, including:-- Replacement windows and French doors, including a Rock front door- New condensing boiler and system-related equipment..."
"Located on the highly desirable Beechbank Road in the desirable suburb of Mossley Hill, L18, is this stunning five bedroom mid terrace family home, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Boasting a wealth of style, charm and character - the property perfectly..."
"Enjoying a prime position on Barnside Court, a quiet cul-de-sac situated within the desirable and sought after suburb of Childwall, L16, is this lovely four bedroom detached family home, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Occupying an impressively spaci..."
DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM home with OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/LIVING AREA and a SEPARATE LOUNGE. Also boasts a SEPARATE UTILITY and an EN-SUITE to the master bedroom.
Whitegates Woolton are delighted to have the opportunity to list this truly impressive four bed semi-detached family home spread over three floors benefiting from extensive refurbishment.
"This property has been a FAMILY HOME for OVER 30 YEARS, and the current owners made alterations so PARENTS could COHABIT.The FLOOR AREA covers an impressive 1,800 sq ft and rests on a proportionate PLOT covering 0.17 of an acre.The entrance hall leads to the bright and airy DUAL ..."
Looking for a family home in the heart of Allerton? Venmores Estate Agents are delighted to present to the sales market this extended four-bedroom semi-detached home on Meredale Road.
"An immaculate and spacious four bedroom detached property situated in a cul de sac location in a popular area.  The property has been decorated to an extremely high standard and is a credit to its current owners.  Close to local shops, schools, public transport routes and with excell..."
*Available Immediately with No Onwards Chain* 4 Bedroom Detached Bungalow going under the hammer soon. This property is an ideal investment opportunity with potential to add value. It benefits from both a front & rear garden with a spacious lounge as well as off-street parking for 2 cars.
MODERN... SLEEK... EXTENDED BEAUTIFUL HOME.... CONSIDERABLE SIZE... Whitegates are proud to bring to the market this substantial semi-detached residence which provides both spacious living and sleeping accommodation. Boasting SIX bedrooms and three bathrooms the property is well equip...
"**Castle Green Homes, Award Winning HBF 5 Star Home Builder, Orchard Place, Thornton COMING SOON!** EARLYBIRD RESERVATIONS BEING TAKEN! First Phase plot and price details now available, call and register your interest today! About The Salisbury Family space forms the heart ..."
"NO CHAIN, Karen Parks@ Berkeley Shaw, a rare opportunity to purchased a three bedroomed detached bungalow on a popular location with full planning permission to extend if required. The current accommodation comprises: hall, lounge, conservatory, fitted kitchen/breakfast room (with Bosch applianc..."
"Introducing the Baxter, a beautiful new home featuring an integral garage, an open-plan kitchen / dining area with French doors to the rear garden, plus an en suite to bedroom 1. "
"Enjoying a prime position on the corner of Aigburth Road and Aigburth Hall Avenue, is this two bedroom detached bungalow, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Set on a large plot, he property offers an abundance of potential throughout and is in need of som..."
"A well appointed semi detached property situated on the tree lined section of Queens Drive, offering well proportioned accommodation over two floors in addition to a plot of good size affording mature and established gardens."
Sutton Kersh are pleased to offer for sale this Extended Three Bedroom Semi Detached property in a sought after area of West Derby close to transport links and local amenities. This fantastic home is ready to move into and in brief the property comprises of the following attributes:- Ground flo...
"Located on Henley Road in the highly desirable suburb of Mossley Hill, L18, stands this lovely four bedroom extended semi detached family home, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Finished in a clean and contemporary decor, the property boasts generous liv..."
Are you searching for a perfect family home bursting with charm and original features? This stunning five bedroom semi-detached home located in the popular postcode of L19 is brought to the sales market by Venmore Estate Agents.
"Are you looking for a DETACHED BUNGALOW? Maybe something in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC with a SOUTH-facing rear garden? Well, look no further, we have just the property...Constructed in 1989, this true bungalow offers well-planned, generous accommodation, just take a look at the FLOOR PLAN and ..."
"This stunning ground floor apartment is ideal for any buyers looking for a sea view apartment in a sought after location. Located right on the coastline, Burbo Point is one of the most superior apartment complex in the area and situated in a fantastic spot. The beach is literally on y..."
"Set in a popular location this delightful five bedroom semi detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a lovely lounge which has a front facing..."
"*Guide Price: £450,000 +. Public Auction : Thursday, 16 February 2023 at , Virtual Livestream Online Auction GET READY TO BID BY VISITING THE AUCTIONEERS WEBSITE GUIDE PRICES & RESERVE PRICES Guide Price
An indication of the seller’s current minimum acceptable price at au..."
"Located on Fulwood Road in the ever popular and sought after suburb of Aigburth, L17, stands this wonderfully presented three bedroom extended semi detached family home. Set on an impressively spacious plot, the property has been tastefully designed throughout and is very well maintained. This st..."
"WE'RE GONNA ROCK DOWN TO... AYSGARTH AVENUE!... A HOUSE AND A HALF... A HOUSE FOR ALL THE FAMILY... An amazing home offering space to grow... First the hallway greets you and leads you through to the front reception room, then through to the dining room/playroom. "
***WATCH OUR VIDEO TOUR to whet your appetite*** ABODE are delighted to offer for sale this OUTSTANDING 3 bedroom semi detached property situated in the prestigious South Liverpool suburb of Childwall. Located on a sought after road off Dunbabin Road and Childwall Priory Road with excellent t...
"Abode are pleased to present this EXTENDED FOUR Bedroom semi-detached house in the heart of Crosby. A complete credit to the current owners, this contemporary family home offers complete open plan living, separate ground floor study with access to utility room and WC. This could be used as a gue..."
"This stunning four bedroom character property set within central Crosby boasts bags of space and period features throughout. Located within walking distance to plenty of local amenities such as bars, restaurants and shops just to name a few. This property is also situated perfectly to..."
"Set in a fantastic position this attractive four bedroom semi-detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a lovely lounge which has a front facin..."
"EXCLUSIVE DOUBLE FRONTED HOME IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION, THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, FOUR BEDROOMS- MASTER WITH AN ENSUITE, DRESSING ROOM AND CLOSET, BLOCK PAVED DRIVEWAY, GARAGE AND MUCH LARGER THAN EXPECTED GARDENS TO THE REAR AND SIDE. NO CHAIN. This beautifully designed home has been the subject ..."
"Set in a fantastic position this attractive four bedroom semi-detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance porch, hallway, a lovely lounge which has a fron..."
" LYONS ESTATES are pleased to offer FOR SALE this FOUR bedroom detached family home in L10. Located in the popular residential area of Fazakerley, situated a short commute from the City Centre and is a popular residential location due to its major road and motorway network links and its range of..."
"- New Residential Development - 3 Bedroom Apartment
- Located on 9th Floor
- River and City Views
- 1313 sqft
- 0.2 Miles from Brunswick Train Station
- Reserve your Apartment today"
"Standing proudly on Childwall Road in the highly desirable residential area of Wavertree, L15, is this stunning three bedroom extended semi detached family home, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Offering generous and well presented living accommodation,..."
"A wonderful opportunity to purchase this tastefully extended and beautifully positioned semi detached family residence, situated in a highly sought after and popular residential location of Woolton, being served by a wealth of amenities and surrounded by open green space, close to Woolton Village."
"Karen Parks Sales and Lettings are delighted to bring to market this spacious four bedroom, detached family home. The property is located just a short stroll away from both Primary and High schools making it a perfect family home. It is also conveniently situated within walking distance of Formby..."
"Reeds Rains are delighted to offer to the open sales market this stunning four-bedroom semi-detached family home, situated on the ever-popular Alder Road in West Derby. This property has huge potential which stems from the wealth of space on offer throughout - internal inspection is a must to see..."
"Abode are delighted to offer for sale this attractive extended semi-detached family residence situated within the popular residential location of Allerton - Vicarage Close L18. The property briefly comprises to a ground floor; a welcoming reception hall, a formal lounge, two sitting room..."
High Capital Growth Investments: Residential apartments located in a high capital growth zone where up to 24% appreciation is projected by 2024. Also earn 7% rental returns in Liverpool city centre in a multi-income opportunity. A14
"Entwistle Green are overjoyed to bring to the market this fabulous Edwardian terraced property. Boasting many original features this property will make the perfect family home. The accommodation briefly comprises of a vestibule, an entrance hallway, spacious bay fronted lounge, dining room, ..."
"DETACHED EXECUTIVE STYLE FAMILY HOME, COMPLETELY RENOVATED BY THE CURRENT VENDORS TO A HIGH STANDARD THROUGHOUT. SPACIOUS, VERSATILE ACCOMMODATION. FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS WITH THE MASTER BEING ON ITS OWN FLOOR WITH ROLL TOP BATH. TWO LARGE RECEPTION ROOMS. KITCHEN/DINER WITH BI FLOD DOORS TO THE G..."
"****RARE OPPORTUNITY**** Abode are delighted to offer for sale this spacious FIVE bedroom DETACHED family home situated on a large corner plot (with potential to extend) within a highly sought after and secluded L23 cul-de-sac. With a range of amenities in close proximity such as shops, ..."
Impressive four-bedroom detached family home with ample living space. Situated in the suburb of Huyton with Roby on a quiet cul-de-sac
** Spacious Bungalow In A Highly Sought After Area Of Woolton ** Generously Sized Plot ** Two Driveways ** Well Manicured Front & Rear Gardens ** Family Bathroom ** Garage ** Conservatory ** Spacious Reception Room ** Three Well Proportioned Bedrooms **
"Located in the popular community of Aigburth, L17, is this impressive four bedroom semi detached property welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Situated on Latrigg Road, this delightful home is set over three floors and is very well presented throughout, off..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this extended semi detached property. Situated in a highly sought after location just off Aigburth Road, Liverpool."
"We have an opportunity for you to acquire a 4 BEDROOMED, SEMI DETACHED house in the heart of Crosby. the property is a short walk to the local amenities of bars, restaurants and of course the very popular schools. The property comprises of entrance hall, 2 reception rooms, sun room, kitc..."
"ONLY 25% DEPOSIT REQUIRED! Offering an incredibly high 6% projected NET rental return, the development hosts world-class facilities; including a rooftop terrace, gym, museum, and commercial spaces. A797"
"Are you looking for a PERFECT FAMILY home? Would your preference be a TURN-KEY property? Well look no further, we have just the property for you...This property has been a much-loved family home for over 27 years, and during the last couple of years, there has been extensive work to cre..."
"Sutton Kersh are extremely excited to present to market this substantial 4-bedroom residence in the heart of the ever-popular Grassendale, L19. The property boasts both a sizeable front and back garden as well as an attached garage. Having recently been modernised the owners have taken great care..."
"We are proud to offer this Eight Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £450,000 - £500,000*"
***DETACHED FAMILY HOME CLOSE TO BEACH AND COSTAL WALKS *** This attractive family home is situated close to transport links and walking distance to BEACH AND COSTAL WALKS. If you are looking for a quiet area to settle in but still having the benefit of good transport links HIGHTOWN is...
"** Beautifully Furnished and Well Presented Throughout ** Lovely, Extended Family Home ** Sought After Area In Mossley Hill ** Bright and Spacious Extended Kitchen/Living Area ** No Onward Chain ** Quiet Cul-De-Sac Location ** Open Plan Kitchen/Diner ** Spacious Parking Area In Front and Large R..."
"A wonderful opportunity to offer for sale a unique purchase of this beautifully proportioned and positioned end town house, overlooking Calderstones Park, being served by a wealth of amenities and surrounded by plentiful green space. "
Fantastic opportunity to purchase 26 acres in green belt in Aintree with the potential for future development subject to planning from Sefton Council.west
A traditional pre-war semi detached dwelling with impressive elevations consisting of pebble dash render covering and relieved bay windows under a tiled roof. 
"View the floor plans for a uniqueassortment of Liverpool City Centre studio, 1, 2 and3-bed apartments, providingbreath-taking waterfront views, and prices from just £129,950! A796"
"The Tamerton is a SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM HOME, ideal for families. The ground floor has a generous lounge with FRENCH DOORS LEADING TO THE REAR GARDEN and a modern fitted kitchen with breakfast area and utility room. A SEPARATE DINING ROOM, and a study are also on the ground floor. Upstairs are th..."
"The Tamerton is a spacious four bedroom home, ideal for families. The ground floor has a generous lounge with French doors leading to the rear garden and a modern fitted kitchen with breakfast area and utility room. A separate dining room, and a study are also on the ground floor. Upstairs are th..."
"Standing proudly in the prestigious sought-after suburb of Roby, L36, is this truly stunning five bedroom detached family residence. Set over three floors and finished to an impeccable standard, the property boasts its sizeable plot sitting on charming grounds overlooking Bowring Park Golf Course."
"Strike are pleased to offer for sale this beautifully presented semi detached property situated within this popular and established residential location. Harthill Avenue, Allerton, is minutes walk from Calderstones Park and the popular Allerton Road offering independent shops and restaurants. The..."
A truly immaculate and thoughtfully extended three bedroomed semi detached family home that is a credit to the current owners Offering spacious family accommodation that is decorated and fitted to the highest of standards throughout.
Brimming with character and charm!! City Residential are proud to bring to the market this beautifully presented one bedroom apartment situated within the Grade I Listed development... The Colonnades. The Colonnades is considered to be the most exclusive and prestigious developm...
"- Four bedroom semi detached house
- Three reception rooms
- Down stairs WC
- Fitted kitchen - Drive way
- Large rear garden - Excellent transport links
- Local amenties "
"An opportunity to acquire a delightful four bedroom period, semi detached, family home. The property is within easy reach of Crosby Village, on the edge of Blundellsands, with good access to local transport links, schools and other amenities. This well presented, extended ac..."
"Abode are delighted to offer for sale this truly stunning THREE bedroom SEMI DETACHED family residence situated on a large corner plot within a highly sought after L23 location. With a range of amenities in close proximity such as shops, supermarkets, excellent transport links and a number of top..."
"Sutton Kersh are extremely delighted to offer for sale this impeccably presented and beautifully proportioned four bedroom semi detached family residence. Entering into the property there is a vestibule, a welcoming reception hall, a front reception room, a separate dining room further into the ..."
3D TOUR AVAILABLE* Looking for a substantial family home? Venmores Estate Agents are delighted to present to the sales market this three/four bedroom semi-detached home on Shenley Road.
"** Unprecedented Luxury & Attention To Detail - High Specification Apartment - Luxurious Conversion of Alder House - Sought After Sandfield Park In West Derby - State Of The Art Kitchen & Bathrooms - 1,410 SQFT** Hewitt Adams is proud to be marketing agents for this impressive developmen..."
"Fantastic large family home with added living space on Lydiate Lane, L25."
*** STUNNING PERIOD PROPERTY *** DOUBLE FRONTED TERRACE *** 3 BEDROOMS *** LOCATED IN THE HEART OF WOOLTON VILLAGE *** SPACIOUS LIVING OVER FOUR FLOORS *** ORIGINAL FEATURES THROUGHOUT *** GRADE 2 LISTED *** LOG BURNING FIREPLACE *** OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER *** 3 W/Cs *** SIDE ACCESS *** TASTEFUL...
"Located on Brodie Avenue in the ever popular suburb of Allerton, L18, is this wonderful three bedroom extended semi detached family home, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Enjoying a clean and contemporary design whilst boasting generous living proportio..."
This stunning ground floor apartment in the prestigious Burbo Point is situated perfectly and is ideal for buyers looking for a high spec apartment. Located right on the ever popular Burbo Bank meaning Crosby Beach is right on your doorstep. Within the locality are also plenty of shop...
"- Two bedroom duplex apartment
- River View
- Located on floors 4 and 5 - 1701 sqft
- Views of Liverpool's iconic waterfront - Entrance via kitchen & dining room
- Buy this exact apartment today"
"Set in a popular location this delightful four bedroom detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a lovely lounge which has a front facing aspec..."
"Sutton Kersh are pleased to be given the opportunity to market this detached four bedroom modern family home found in Childwall, Liverpool. In brief the Castletown Close comprises from the ground floor, a hallway, spacious front lounge, dining room, fully integrated kitchen, downstairs W.C and f..."
"****WATCH OUR VIDEO TOUR TO WHET YOUR APPEITITE***** Abode are delighted to offer for sale this truly stunning FIVE bedroom family home situated in a highly sought after and secluded L23 location. With a range of amenities in close proximity such as shops, supermarkets, excellent transpo..."
"** Spacious, Modern Family Home ** Open Plan Kitchen Living Dining Room ** Two Shower Rooms ** Excellent Transport Links ** Close To Woolton and Allerton Road ** Close To Popular Schools ** Well Maintained Sizeable Front And Rear Garden ** Sizeable Rooms ** Bright and Spacious Throughout **"
"A delightful pre-war semi detached property enjoying a fabulous position on the corner of Brodie Avenue and Ravenstone Road allowing for a larger than average plot providing mature, established and well maintained gardens."
"Brought to the market by Whitegates Woolton, we present this well proportioned contemporary family home situated within L25 district, benefiting from four bed accommodation."
"New to the market this lovely 4 bedroom, 3 storeys townhouse is situated in a sought-after development in Liverpool L3.  Having 3 double bedrooms and a further single bedroom, this is an ideal family home with great access to the city centre and the famous Liverpool Waterfront..."
"Sutton Kersh have the pleasure of bringing to the market this three bedroom, well presented, link-detached family home. In brief the property comprises; on the ground floor, a welcoming entrance hall, modern kitchen with range style cooker, family living room complimented by a bay window and sep..."
Beautifully presented and extremely spacious four-bedroom detached home situated on a quiet cul-de-sac in Halewood
Looking for a family home in the heart of Mossley Hill? Venmores Estate Agents are delighted to present to the sales market this three bedroom semi-detached home on Brodie Avenue.
"This stunning door-to-door semi-detached property is located in a quiet location which benefits from beautiful, undisturbed views. Located in Thornton, this family home is situated brilliantly for access to Crosby, Formby and motorway links. Within the locality are also plenty of ..."
"Located on Wembley Road in the popular residential area of Mossley Hill, L18, is this attractive three bedroom semi detached family home. An ideal purchase for growing families looking to buy in one of South Liverpool's most sought after suburbs, this wonderful property briefly comprises; a p..."
"CANAL PROPERTY, 4 Bedrooms, 3 Bathrooms plus downstairs WC, Over 1500 sq ft, 4 car drive, Double Garage, Utility Room, Freehold "
"New Home! Brought to the market Venmore Estate Agents is this stunning newly built detached home in Stoneycroft Crescent, L13."
Two properties on one plot! Set out a generous plot and benefitting from a further one bedroom detached bungalow in the grounds is this fantastic five bedroom semi-detached villa.
"***YOUR CHANCE TO OWN A PIECE OF HISTORY - FORMER GIRLS' SCHOOL, BUILT IN 1888*** Converted to a home in 2002 by the current owners. An abundance of original features can be found throughout, such as: beams, fireplace, stonework and doors. Situated within delightful and historic Sefton Village, w..."
"Entwistle Green are delighted to offer this spacious, beautifully presented three-bedroom apartment situated on the first floor of the historic Wapping Quay development. The development boasts original features and is situated on the water front, within walking distance of the famous Albert Dock ..."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to offer for sale this beautiful semi-detached family residence situated within this affluent and leafy South Liverpool suburb. The property offers generous accommodation over two floors comprising; A welcoming reception hall, an attractive formal lounge, an extended ..."
"Enjoying a prime position on Halewood Close, a delightful cul-de-sac situated within the popular L25 postcode, is this fabulous three bedroom extended semi detached property, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. The property is finished to an exceptionally ..."
"Request your FREE Info Pack! Located 1 minute from Liverpool One, these desirable apartments are only a short walk from Liverpool Central Station and Liverpool Lime Street. A795"
Brought to the market by Venmore Estate Agents is this impressive and recently renovated four bedroom semi detached family home.
"We are delighted to welcome to the market this fabulous four bedroom detached property located in Knowsley Village. In brief the property comprises of entrance porch, entrance hall, w/c, living room, sitting room, conservatory, kitchen/dining room and lean too/utility to the ground floor. To the ..."
"THE GREEN, GREEN GRASS OF HOME!... VILLAGE LOCATION... NO ONGOING CHAIN... Your dream home awaits! Enjoying an enviable location in the heart of West Derby Village, a short walk from excellent primary and secondary schools. An immaculately presented semi detached hom..."
"Move Residential is pleased to offer for sale this lovely three bedroom mid terrace coach house, perfectly located on North Mossley Hill Road in the desirable L18 suburb. Set within the stunning grounds of ' Mossley Hill Mansions' the property boasts a wealth of charm and character, and i..."
"This beautiful three bedroom semi detached character property located on Woolton Road, L25, has arrived at the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, An ideal future home for a family looking to buy in one of South Liverpool's most sought after locations, this charming home is set on an e..."
"Entwistle Green are delighted to offer this stylish, spacious and beautifully presented three-bedroom apartment situated on the top floor in the sought after Wapping Quay development. With a high specification throughout, this impressive apartment is located in this historic water front developme..."
"STUNNING FAMILY HOME!!! Property Perspective are delighted to be able to present to you this beautifully presented and maintained 4 bedroom detached house, situated in the popular area of Childwall. Benefiting from spacious living accommodation set over 2 floors, private cul-de-sac plot position ..."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to present to the market this three bed detached family residence set in a quiet cul de sac in the popular borough of Woolton. The ground floor of the property briefly comprises, a porch, reception hall, large open plan living room leading to the dining room with access..."
"Welcome to South Ferry Quay, a stunning 4-bedroom townhouse situated in the sought-after development of Liverpool, L3 4EE. This spacious property offers over 4 floors of luxurious living space, perfect for those seeking a comfortable and convenient lifestyle. As you enter the property, you wil..."
"View the floor plans for a uniqueassortment of Liverpool City Centre Manhattan, 1, 2 and3-bed apartments, providingbreath-taking waterfront views, and prices from just £129,995! B790"
"Brought to the market benefiting from enhanced living accommodation, Whitegates Woolton offer this five bed detached family home in L26 postcode."
"A beautiful opportunity to purchase this well proportioned and beautifully positioned semi detached family residence, situated in a highly sought after and popular residential location. Nestled within the fringes of Calderstones Park."
*** BEAUTIFUL DETACHED HOME *** NO CHAIN *** 4 BEDROOM *** LARGE OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER *** COSY FRONT LOUNGE *** PRIVATE REAR GARDEN *** GARAGE *** DRIVEWAY WITH SPACE FOR 2 CARS *** LARGE MASTER BEDROOM WITH EN-SUITE ***SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION *** IN THE CATCHMENT AREA FOR REPUTABLE SCHOOLS ***
"This delightful FOUR-BEDROOM detached house was built in 2015 to a HIGH SPECIFICATION and is situated in a PEACEFUL MODERN estate, which is fast becoming a family favourite, close to local amenities such as shops, schools and access to the Pinewoods and Beach beyond.This property is the..."
"Ball & Percival are pleased to offer for sale this superbly appointed and versatile three bedroom detached bungalow. This flexible property is within a short distance to the local amenities of Formby, boasting easy access to popular transport and commuter links."
"NO UPWARD CHAIN... This extended four bedroom detached house which requires modernisation, offers spacious and versatile family accommodation with potential to extend to the rear (subject to the usual planning consents) and enjoys a good size enclosed rear garden.  The property is situate..."
WOW... TAKE A SNEAK PEAK AT YOUR FUTURE FAMILY HOME... OUTSTANDING QUALITY... BRIGHT AND ELEGANT...
"The Harlech embodies all that the New Heritage Collection stands for, combining the finest in 21st Century living, with traditional British design.About the DevelopmentNestling on the edges of the world-famous city of Liverpool, but in a distinct and characterful to..."
Luxury eco apartments available below market value in Liverpool city centre.A26
"Prices start from just £129,995 for these chic apartments that connect the Baltic Triangle with Liverpool One, offering incredible waterside living, and high 6% rental returns. A794"
"Nestled away in the leafy location of Clifton Avenue is this beautifully presented four bedroom detached property, this immaculate home would be suitable for a family, being close to woodlands and great schools within the vicinity.The property wont be on long so please be quick to arrange a viewing!"
"***QUIET CUL-DE-SAC POSTION CLOSE TO FORMBY VILLAGE *** Abode are delighted to offer for sale this truly stunning FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED DORMA BUNGALOW situated within a large plot at the end of Davenham Road. CLOSE TO FORMBY VILLAGE with its range of amenities such as shops, superma..."
"THE WOW FACTOR... BEAUTIFUL GARDENS... Whitegates are proud to bring to the market this stunning FIVE bedroom detached property offering bright and spacious accommodation, ideally located off Twickenham Drive in Huyton. Offered with No Chain and situated in a quiet cul d..."
"Set in a fantastic position this delightful three bedroom semi detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a lovely lounge which has a front fac..."
A truly impressive four bedroom family home that offers deceptively spacious and thoughtfully extended modern open plan kitchen/dining/ sitting accommodation that is decorated and fitted to an exceptionally high standard Complete with a large rear garden and bespoke outside entertaining areas
"""This stunning 4 bedroom detached house is situated on the highly sought-after Chestnut Walk, in the heart of Liverpool. The property boasts a spacious and modern layout, featuring a large open-plan living and dining area, a fully-fitted kitchen with high-end appliances, and four generously ..."
*** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED DETACHED PROPERTY *** NO CHAIN *** FRONT AND SIDE DRIVEWAY WITH SPACE FOR MULTIPLE CARS *** STUNNING REAR GARDEN WITH PATIO AREA *** IMMACULATE REAR CONSERVATORY *** 4 SPACIOUS BEDROOMS *** CHARACTERISTIC KITCHEN DINER *** 10 MINUTE WALK TO THE SOUGHT-AFTER AREA OF WOOLT...
"*FOUR BEDROOMS* *DETACHED* *END PLOT* *THREE BATHROOMS* *GARAGE* Entwistle Green are delighted to offer this fantastic property to the market in L15, Liverpool Merseyside perfect for versatile family living. This great detached four bedroom leasehold property sits in Charnley D..."
"Spacious, immaculately presented 4 bedroom detached family home in the prominent and desirable location of Stonehaven Close, L16."
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, DETACHED EXECUTIVE RESIDENCE. FIVE GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS, MASTER WITH ENSUITE. TWO RECEPTION ROOMS. LARGE KITCHEN/DINER ACROSS THE REAR. UTILITY AND GROUND FLOOR WC. PERFECT FAMILY HOME. ENCLOSED LOW MAINTENANCE GARDEN. OFF ROAD PARKING FOR A NUMBER OF CARS. NO CHAIN. Havin..."
"- Three bedroom duplex apartment
- Southside corner unit
- Located on floors 6 and 7 - 1749 sqft
- Views of Liverpool's iconic - Entrance via kitchen lounge situated on duplex
- Buy this exact apartment today"
** Development Of 16 Luxury New Build Apartments ** Now Completed ** High Level Of Specification Throughout ** Quality Fitted Kitchens With Bosch Appliances ** Contemporary Master Bathroom & En-suite To Master Bedroom ** Allocated & Gated Off Street Parking ** Communal Gardens & Stones Throw From...
Are you searching for the perfect family home with fantastic local schooling? This extended three bedroom semi-detached home located on Melbreck Road L18 is offered to the sales market by Venmore Estate Agents.
"Set in a fantastic position this delightful four bedroom semi detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance porch, hallway, a front facing family room, a si..."
"Located on Dunbabin Road in a highly desirable suburban location of L15, is this stunning three bedroom semi detached family home, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. The property has been tastefully designed with meticulous attention to detail and boasts ..."
NO UPWARD CHAIN....Colette Gunter Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this attractive detached true bungalow which has undergone a full programme of renovation by the current owners and offers cleverly re-designed accommodation. Interior inspection is essential to fully apprec...
"***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED!!!***
**EXCELLENT LOCATION** Set in a fantastic position this delightful four bedroom house provides excellent living space completed to a high standard with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Perfect for families this delightful property has a great deal to..."
Brought to the market by Venmores is this stunning three bedroom semi detached family home situated in a highly sought after location.
"****WATCH OUR VIDEO TOUR TO WHET YOUR APPETITE**** Abode are delighted to offer for sale this superbly presented and extended three bedroom DETACHED family home situated in a highly sought after L23 location. With a range of amenities in close proximity such as shops, supermarkets, excel..."
"- Two bedroom duplex apartment
- River facing unit
- Located on floors 1 and 2 - 1701 sqft
- Views of Liverpool's iconic waterfront including the Liver Building - Entrance via kitchen lounge situated on duplex
- Buy this exact apartment today"
"Reeds Rains are delighted to present to the open sales market this stunning four bedroom executive detached home, situated on a quiet cul-de-sac in the heart of West Derby! The property occupies a commanding plot a benefits from a wealth of space both inside and out - internal viewings are a must..."
"This property offers a GREAT LOCATION and PERFECT ORIENTATION, just a short walk to the VILLAGE and enjoying a SOUTH-facing rear garden.The property is very well-maintained and will appeal to a variety of buyers. Whether you are upsizing or downsizing, come and take a look at this CHAIN..."
"Fabulous Manhattans, one and two-bedroom apartments in a prime Liverpool location. Benefit from 7% rental yields and significant growth with this unmissable investment opportunity. A49"
*** STUNNING DETACHED HOME *** NO CHAIN *** 4 BEDROOMS *** LARGE OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER *** 2 RECEPTION ROOMS *** SIZEABLE DRIVEWAY WITH SPACE FOR MULTIPLE CARS *** DOUBLE GARAGE *** EN-SUITE TO MASTER BEDROOM *** PRIVATE REAR GARDEN *** HIGH SPECIFICATION THROUGHOUT ***
"Move Residential is pleased to offer for sale this recently refurbished six bedroom HMO property, located on Lawrence Road in Wavertree, L15. This impressively spacious property would prove to be an ideal purchase for an investor looking to expand their portfolio and is currently achieving an att..."
** Well Presented Spacious Family Home ** Through Lounge ** Beautiful Back Garden with Lawn & Patio Area ** Front Garden And Garage ** Wooden Floors Throughout ** Good Transport Links ** Close Proximity To Allerton Road ** Well Decorated Shower Room and Downstairs W.C. ** Fitted Bedroom Furnitur...
Looking for a family home in a popular location? Venmores Estate Agents are delighted to present to the sales market this extended three bedroom semi-detached home on Varley Road.
"Situated on Fulwood Road in the heart of the desirable suburb of Aigburth, L17, is this exceptionally well presented and generously sized three bedroom semi detached property, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Set on a large plot, the property boasts an ..."
"This stunning ground floor duplex apartment situated in a Grade II listed building facing the marina really is something special. Set in the Waterloo area, within the locality are plenty of shops, bars, restaurants and transport links including Waterloo Train Station. Crosby Marina is ..."
"Move Residential are delighted to be the agent of choice to showcase this fabulous three bedroom duplex apartment, perfectly located on Parkfield Road in the heart of the leafy desirable suburb of Sefton Park, L17. This enviable property is immaculately presented and appointed to an exceptionally..."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to offer for sale this beautiful four bedroom semi-detached family residence. The property briefly compirses; a hallway, two reception rooms. Downstairs also benefits from a wet room, access into the garage internally and a fantastic sized kitchen/morning room that has..."
Marshall Property are delighted to offer for sale this unique opportunity to purchase a BRAND NEW detached bungalow situated in the prestigious Litherland Park area. 
"This beautifully presented 4 Bedroom detached property sits on a well maintained development with close links to the M62 for easy commuting. With  detached garage, and landscaped garden this property is a MUST SEE!"
"* 3 Bedroom Duplex Apartment
* Views over Liverpool' Iconic Skyline
* 1728 sq ft
* Floor Levels 10 & 11
* Located in the Tobacco Warehouse
* 24 hour concierge
"
"The unrivalled6%projected rental return allows you to start earning an annual rental income from £7,797. Enquire today to receive our inciteful info pack! A793"
"- Two bedroom unique individually designed bungalow
- Private patio - Two car spaces & (electric charge point)
- Living room / Kitchen opens to Patio
- 80m2 / 860 sq ft"
"Looking for a detached home in one of South Liverpool's most desirable locations? Venmore Estate Agents are delighted to present to the sales market, this three bedroom detached home."
"GENERALly speaking, you would not get everything you want out of your search for a new home... WELL, HERE IT IS... THE ONE YOU HAVE WAITED FOR... A fabulous, much loved home with room to grow and create memories! Offering an impressive floor space this house really does sh..."
"Standing proudly on Brodie Avenue in the desirable suburb of Allerton, L19, is this wonderful four bedroom semi detached family residence, welcomed to the market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Set on a large plot, the property is available for sale with no onward chain and enjoys..."
"A wonderful opportunity to purchase this generous and tastefully extended semi detached family residence. Situated in a highly sought after and popular location within Childwall, nestled within a quiet cul-de-sac position, the property offers a wealth of local amenities and open green space."
"If only the right way will do... this is the BRYCEWAY... the house for you... SPACIOUS... BRIGHT AND AIRY... AMAZING LOCATION... A fabulous, executive style detached house located in a much sought after area of West Derby. The house offers everything you need. Surroun..."
*FOUR BEDROOMS* *DETACHED* * NO CHAIN* *GARAGE* *CONSERVATORY* Entwistle Green are happy to be offering this fantastic opportunity to purchase this four bedroom detached property for sale in Wavertree L15 Liverpool Merseyside. The property has endless potential offering spa...
"Set within the idyllic, beautifully manicured grounds of Ye Priory Court in Woolton, L25, is this stunning three bedroom duplex apartment arriving at the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Offering the ultimate in apartment living, this wonderful property offers a wealt..."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to offer for sale a rare opportunity to purchase this luxury penthouse apartment. Offering views towards Calderstones Park. The accommodation in brief comprises, communal hallways with staircase rising to the upper floor, a welcoming reception hall, an attractive and s..."
Looking for a detached family home? Venmores Estate Agents are delighted to present to the sales market this stunning four bedroom detached home on Earle Avenue.
"Venmore Commercial are delighted to announce the 'Liverpool Lodge' Guest House. Situated on Sheil road, the property comprises of 6 bedrooms, sleeping 17."
"Two bed semi detached home set on generous plot extending to 3.67 acres (1.48 ha) OTA with various outbuildings and glasshouses. Set in a delightful semi-rural location, only a short distance from Maghull, Liverpool and major motorway networks making it an ideal location for a commuters or those ..."
X1 Sales presents this Stunning floor to ceiling windows with views towards the City and Anglican Cathedral. Cash buyer please! 
Entwistle Green are overjoyed to offer for sale this luxury penthouse apartment. Offering stunning views over Calderstones Park and set within leafy surroundings. Light floods the penthouse with an abundance of windows and skylights. The apartment is extremely spacious throughout and has many att...
"Bluerow Homes are pleased to welcome to the market this excusive third floor apartment which boasts over 1400 Square feet, situated in the wonderful Grade II Listed Tower Building. Perfectly located in the Historic Down Town area of the City with the Royal Liver Buildings adjacent and S..."
"Set in a fantastic position this delightful six bedroom home provides excellent living space completed to a high standard with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance porch, hallway, a sitting room whi..."
"View the floor plans for a uniqueassortment of Liverpool City Centre Manhattan, 1, 2 and3-bed apartments, providingbreath-taking waterfront views, and prices from just £129,995! A792"
***THREE STOREY DETACHED HOUSE*** ***FULLY RENOVATED TO PROVIDE SIX BEDROOMS ALL WITH EN SUITES*** ***CHECK OUT THE FLOORPLAN*** North Wall are excited to present this fantastic detached house to the market. Ideal for a large family or for someone wanting to start a serviced accommodation bu...
"Cameron Mackenzie are delighted to offer for sale this beautiful character property situated in semi-rural location with the motorway network and amenities just a short drive away. The accommodation briefly comprises of open canopy porch, entrance hall, two reception rooms, dining kitchen, (cont.)"
"Abode are pleased to present this MODERN FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE situated on a corner plot. The accommodation comprises: Porch, hallway, ground floor W.C. lounge with conservatory, dining room, fitted kitchen and separate utility room. To the first floor there are four bedrooms, two..."
"6 Bedrooms, Amazing Investment Opportunity, High Yield, NO CHAIN, FREEHOLD, Hotel/Guest House/B&B, 6 Bedrooms, Sleeps 17, Close to Liverpool City Centre, Great Transport Links"
"- Four bedroom end terrace house
- 0.1m from Crosby beach - Well presented throughout - Double fronted - Excellent local amenteies - Excellent transport links"
"SHOW APARTMENTS OPEN!
TITANIC SIZED, WATERFRONT APARTMENTS
* Ultimate in 'Dockside Living'
* Dual aspect, duplex - 2 & 3 Bed Apartments & Penthouses
* Unesco World Heritage status
* Waterside & City views
* Original Features
"
"This three storey, detached four bedroom home includes an open plan kitchen with french doors onto the garden. A spacious lounge, cloakroom and handy storage space complete the ground floor. On the first floor you'll find an en suite main bedroom, a further double bedroom and a family bathroom. ..."
**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY**THREE INDIVIDUAL PROPERTIES - TWO ONE BED FLATS AND A TWO BED DUPLEX WITH GARDEN**LOYAL LONG TERM TENANTS IN SITU** Call for further information.
"An opportunity to purchase this recently refurbished and beautifully positioned semi detached residence, occupying a generous corner plot along Vitoria Road as it meets with the corner of Carnatic Road in this ever popular, leafy and established suburb of Aigburth."
Are you searching for an ideal family home in the heart of Childwall? Located on Childwall Valley rouns and offered for sale by Venmore Estate Agents is this well presented three bedroom semi-detached home.
"**BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME** LYONS ESTATES are pleased to offer FOR SALE this stunning four bedroom end terraced property in the very sought after location of Brighton-Le-Sands. Situated within a very short walking distance of Crosby and Waterloo, therefore providing a great selection of local ..."
"***FANTASTIC, EXTENDED FAMILY HOME - NEUTRALLY DECORATED AND READY TO MOVE IN*** Extended and presented to a high standard by the current owners, this fabulous semi detached family house is situated in a quiet, established and ever popular residential location. Within walking distance to local sc..."
"Arnold & Phillips are pleased to bring to market an exciting opportunity to acquire this beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home, situated along the highly regarded Southport Road in Ormskirk, West Lancs. Ideally positioned this vibrant property resides within close proximity ..."
"Set in a popular location this delightful five bedroom home provides excellent living space completed to a high standard with quality fitments, tasteful décor and bi-spoke wall panelling throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a..."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to offer for sale this 4 bedroom victorian terraced residence, set in the ever-desirable Aigburth, L17. In brief, the property comprises of: Formal front lounge with striking bay windows & feature fireplace, a secondary reception room with a gorgeous exposed brick w..."
"Stylish and bursting with character, Sutton Kersh are proud to present this semi-detached property situated within the highly regarded area of Mossley Hill. The property has retained much of its original character and charm and offers well-proportioned and bright accommodation over two floors. Up..."
"Grosvenor Waterford are delighted to offer for Sale this three bedroom three storey townhouse, located on the popular Brookhaven Estate in Kirkby. The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hall, dining kitchen with new kitchen fitted in 2022, downstairs w.c. and garage to the ground floor wit..."
"- Two bedroom duplex apartment
- South City View
- Located on floors 11 and 12
- 1873 sqft
- Views of Liverpool's iconic waterfront - Entrance via kitchen and dining room
- Buy this exact apartment today"
"This spacious three bedroom end town house is situated in a popular residential area of Blundellsands. Set over three floors, the accommodation briefly comprises of: To the ground floor:- Porch, Entrance Hall, Double Bedroom, Shower Room, Fitted Kitchen/Utility Room, Office/Reception Room, conse..."
"INTRODUCING THIS SPECTACULAR FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED EXTENDED FAMILY HOME IN THE HEART OF HALEWOOD. Entwistle Green are more than delighted to offer to the market, this immaculately presented four bedroom detached property with a garage for sale in a highly sought after part of L26 Hale..."
"This stunning, extended family home is ideal for any buyers wishing to live in a hugely popular location close to the seafront. Located in Brighton-le-sands; within walking distance are plenty of shops, bars, restaurants and transport links. There are also a handful of good schools wi..."
"Located only a short walk from the desirable Crosby village within close proximity to schools, shops and restaurants, lies this tastefully presented 3 bedroom semi-detached family home presented over two floors. The property is briefly comprising of an inviting entrance hallway, front ..."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to offer for sale this well planned and presented detached family home. To the ground floor the reception hallway benefits from a cloakroom/wc and access into a generous lounge, with interconnecting access into the formal dining room and fitted family kitchen, with uti..."
If you are looking for a stunning 3 bedroom Townhouse overlooking the Marina Harbour and close proximity to the Albert Dock and Liverpool One then you need to read on............................
"Entwistle green are delighted to bring onto the market this extended, four bedroom, detached, beautifully and immaculately presented property in the ever popular area of L16. The surrounding area offers a fantastic variety of amenities making this an ideal purchase for a variety of buy..."
A truly immaculate three bedroom detached family home. The property boasts high end and quality fittings throughout With open plan kitchen/ living space in addition to a good size lounge The master bedroom enjoys en-suite facilities Inspection is essential.
Venmore Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the sales market this beautifully presented and extended five bedroom semi-detached property.
"Standing proudly on Netherton Road in the highly desirable suburb of Mossley Hill, L18, is this beautifully presented and generously sized three bedroom semi detached family home, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Boasting a wealth of style, charm and ch..."
"Move Residential is delighted to offer for sale this fabulous three bedroom traditional semi detached family home, ideally located on Selworthy Green in the popular and desirable residential area of Childwall, L16. Lovingly maintained by the properties current owners, this substantial home is ver..."
"The Cutler is a beautiful new home benefiting from an integral garage, an open-plan kitchen/dining/family area with French doors to the rear garden, integrated appliances and an en suite to bedroom 1. "
"Park View – Apartment 5 - £389,995 Park View is a collection of nine luxury apartments in what is regarded as one of the most prestigious locations in Liverpool. A short walk to the popular Allerton Manor golf course, with its array of restaurants, bars and the renowned nine hole..."
"The Oakham is built with the family firmly in mind, every aspect perfectly planned to cater for your needs. Open-plan kitchen/diner with integrated appliances* Light enhancing Skylight windows & French doors Separate utility room Spacious living room with feature bay window Master b..."
"Park View – Apartment 2 - £389,995 Park View is a collection of nine luxury apartments in what is regarded as one of the most prestigious locations in Liverpool. A short walk to the popular Allerton Manor golf course, with its array of restaurants, bars and the renowned nine hole..."
"WOW FACTOR.... If your looking for a ""Key Turn Ready"" family home then look no further! Set behind its own electric gates, Whitegates are delighted to bring to the market with NO CHAIN this STUNNING TWO BEDROOM detached family home set within one of L23's most sought after lo..."
"Move Residential is pleased to offer for sale this beautiful two bedroom luxury apartment, situated within the highly desirable Grade II Listed Colonnades building which is located in in the heart of Liverpool's Royal Albert Dock. Offering the ultimate in City Centre living, the property is ..."
"The Lymington, a stylish 4 bedroom family home. Open-plan kitchen/diner with integrated appliances* Light enhancing Skylight windows & French doors Spacious separate living room with feature bay window Master bedroom with luxury en-suite Three further well-proportioned bedrooms ..."
******* IDEAL INVESTMENT - CURRENTLY TENANTED ******* LYONS ESTATES are pleased to bring to the market this THREE BEDROOM apartment in the popular location of L20. The property is in walking distance to Bootle Strand Shopping Centre and has great transport links and close to local amenities. ...
"Arnold & Phillips are delighted to bring to market this beautifully proportioned and distinctive three-bedroom character property, residing within the beautiful ‘Old School’ building situated on School Lane in Melling. Approached via a private driveway, off-road parking is provided..."
"Four bedroom semi-detached property in need of some modernisation in highly desirable suburb of Calderstones, L18."
"*****RARE OPPORTUNITY***** Abode are delighted to offer for sale this UNIQUE Victorian FOUR bedroom Detached family home situated on a large corner plot within a highly sought after L22 location. As well as the house, the property also offers a Detached Coach House and three Do..."
"We are proud to present this Three Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £380,000 - £420,000*"
Beautifully Presented Three Bedroom Semi Detached Family Home 
"Representing a unique opportunity to acquire a move-in ready semi-detached property on the outskirts of Liverpool city centre, this home is ideal for any house hunter looking for a stress-free move into a highly desirable location. With no modernisation required, this attractive home will provid..."
"We are proud to present this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £380,000 - £400,000*"
"A truly suburb addition to the market! This fantastic family home is situated on the corner of a desirable cul-de-sac setting making this perfect for any family. Having been extended by our current sellers, the spacious interior has well-proportioned rooms throughout and offers excellent open pla..."
"FOR SALE BY Modern Method Auction. Guide price £380,000 + reservation fee. This great investment opportunity occupies just under 0.5 acres of land right next to Allsopp High School and is a short distance from Queens Drive. The property boasts 9 bedrooms, 7 reception..."
"*THREE BEDROOMS* *END PLOT* *STUNNING VIEWS* *CONSERVATORY* *DOWNSTAIRS WC* *BREAKFAST KITCHEN* Entwistle Green are happy to be offering this fantastic property in the form of a three bedroom semi-detached property for sale in L25 Woolton, Liverpool Merseyside for sale. The prope..."
"STUNNING THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE, FULLY REFURBISHED THROUGHOUT TO AN EXCEPTIONAL STANDARD, OPEN PLAN KITCHEN / BREAKFAST AREA, SEPARATE LOUNGE, MODERN BATHROOM AND BEDROOMS, MEDIA WALLS IN EACH ROOM, CONVERTED DETACHED GARAGE CURRENTLY USED AS A UTILITY ROOM (WITH W/C), ARTIFICIAL GRASS TO T..."
"Situated on Whitehedge Road in the popular suburb of Garston, L19, is this impressive five bedroom semi detached family home welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Jones and Chapman"
A deceptively spacious three bedroomed semi detached house enjoying a corner position within one of the areas most desirable locations Boasting two large reception rooms and a fitted kitchen which offers access to a conservatory With a detached garage to the rear Internal inspection is essential
"The Reedmaker is a beautiful new 4 bedroom detached home featuring a detached single garage, open-plan kitchen/dining area with utility room and French doors to the rear garden plus two en-suites to bedroom 1 & 2. "
Ball & Percival are delighted to offer for sale this newly constructed and beautifully crafted four bedroom detached family home.
"RARE OPPORTUNITY - A fantastic detached family home in a quiet and sought after cul-de-sac location. Excellent school catchment area. Walking distance to local shops. The property is freehold and sold with no ongoing chain. Lounge, dining room open to conservatory, cloakroom/W.C. four b..."
** COMPLETED AND READY FOR OCCUPATION ** NEW DEVELOPMENT ** SITE VIEWINGS NOW AVAILABLE ** FREEHOLD ** Spacious and stunning FOUR bedroom DETACHED home with integral garage. Set within a cul de sac location on the new Spencers Lane Development in Melling! Call to book your viewing today!
Venmore Estat Agents are delighted to offer for sale this newly constructed and beautifully crafted four bedroom detached family home.
Venmore Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this newly constructed and beautifully crafted four bedroom detached family home.
"This four bedroom home has extensive living space that excels at every turn, from the pleasing proportions of every room and the excellent use of space, to the luxurious finishing touches that complete this special home. Comfort, style and practicality always fit together harmoniously ..."
OFFERED WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN.....Colette Gunter Estate Agents are pleased to present to the market this well planned detached house which would appeal to a wide variety of buyers.  Situated within a small development in this popular residential location which is convenient for local prima...
"This delightful FOUR-BEDROOM detached house was built in 2015 to a HIGH SPECIFICATION and is situated in a PEACEFUL MODERN estate, which is fast becoming a family favourite, close to local amenities such as shops, schools and access to the Pinewoods and Beach beyond."
"'Unusually good at what we do'
* Two Bedroom Semi Detached
* Driveway
* Rear Garden
* Double Glazed and Centrally Heated
* Well Presented Throughout
* Downstairs W/C
* Excellent Local Amenities & Transport Links
* No Chain!
"
"ONLY 25% DEPOSIT REQUIRED! Offering an incredibly high 6% projected NET rental return, the development hosts world-class facilities; including a rooftop terrace, gym, museum, and commercial spaces. A791"
Are you searchin for an ideal family home in the heart of Aigburth? This well presented four bedroom town house located on Marlcroft Drive L17 is brought to the sales market by Venmore Estate Agents.
Well presented three-bedroom semi-detached home with a beautiful and expansive two-tier garden situated in a sought after location in Childwall
"This fantastic, 3 bed detached family home is situated in a sought-after part of Hightown and within easy walking distance of the local Village amenities. Large windows are a feature of this property which create a bright and airy living space which could be ideal for a growing family. With a goo..."
"An exciting opportunity to purchase this generous and attractive mid terraced property situated in a highly sought after popular residential location within Mossley Hill, being served by a wealth of amenities and offering versatile and attractive accommodation set over three floors. "
"An attractive opportunity to purchase this beautifully positioned and presented semi detached family residence, situated in a highly sought after and popular residential location within Mossley Hill, being served by a wealth of amenities and surrounded by open green space. "
"**GUIDE PRICE £375,000** South Barn, one of two semi-detached homes on the development individually designed with the modern homeowner in mind and promises light filled, spacious interiors to meet the exacting standards of even the most discerning home buyers.**CALL FOR MORE INFORMATION**"
"This beautiful four bedroom detached family home located on Holly Bank Avenue, L14, will provide a fantastic future home for anyone looking to upsize in one of Liverpool's most popular locations. Beautifully presented throughout and enjoying generous living proportions throughout - this charm..."
RARE OPPORTUNITY! ***WATCH OUR VIDEO TOUR AND TAKE A LOOK INSIDE THIS BEAUTIFUL FOUR STOREY FAMILY HOME**** Rarely does such a property come to the market. Abode are delighted to offer for sale this superbly presented and spacious FOUR bedroom town house situated in a highly sou...
Wonderfully presented 3 bedroom detached house located in Liverpool Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Spacious and cosy living room Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Generously sized master bedroom and en-suite bathroom Three add...
"Move Residential is delighted to offer for sale this recently refurbished four bedroom extended semi detached property, located on Shanklin Road in Wavertree, L15. An ideal purchase for a growing family, the property is very well presented throughout and enjoys generous living proportions. In br..."
"Marshall Property are delighted to offer to the market this large semi detached house, currently theres 3 one bedroom flats and 1 two bedroom flat, Located in a prime location on Limedale Road, Mossley Hill L18. The four apartments all offer a bedroom, lounge, kitchen and bathrooms to each."
"Sutton Kersh are privileged to bring to market this stunning Semi Detached House, built over three floors by Redrow Homes. The property occupies a cul-de-sac position on the sought after Regency Park development with West Derby. The accommodation; offered with no chain involved comprises: entra..."
Lyons Estates are pleased to offer for sale this beautiful three bedroom FAMILY home located in the sought after area of L23. The front of the property offers a double driveway for two cars and attractive garden. Upon entering the property you are welcomed into a bright and spacious entrance h...
"This characterful four bedroom mid terrace family home, located on the ever sough after Rose Lane in Mossley Hill, L18, has arrived at the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Set over three floors on an impressively spacious plot, the property is very well presented throu..."
"****RARE OPPORTUNITY**** Abode are delighted to offer for sale this truly stunning FOUR bedroom DETACHED family home situated in a highly sought after L23 location. With a range of amenities in close proximity such as shops, supermarkets, excellent transport links and a number of top qua..."
"This stunning, spacious door to door semi-detached property boasts bags of character and is ideal for any families wishing to take the next step up. Situated in a great location close to plenty of local amenities; within the vicinity are shops, bars and restaurants. There are also a ha..."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to present to market this 3 bedroom semi detached residence in the ever popular Grassendale, L19. With striking original features throughout, this is a fantastic opportunity for buyers to get their hands on a well cared for home on the highly sought after Allangate Road..."
"******NO ONGOING CHAIN****** Abode are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom extended family home situated in a highly sought after L18 location. With a range of amenities in close proximity such as shops, supermarkets, excellent transport links and a number of top quality schoo..."
BROADen your horizons and move to the GREENer side of the ROAD... AMAZING MAKEOVER... A BATHROOM FOR ALL... LOCATION... LOCATION... LOCATION... NO ONGOING CHAIN... Access cannot be denied to any location when you are literally a stone’s throw from motorway ...
"***WATCH OUR VIDEO TOUR to whet your appetite*** Are you looking for a STUNNING NEWLY BUILT FAMILY HOME. With a popular Aigburth location and sought after amenities including Sefton Park nearby, this FREEHOLD property will not be available for long. This IMMACULATE 3 bedroom DETACHED..."
"** AVAILABLE NOW ** RESERVE IN JANUARY & RECEIVE NEW FLOORING ** New development! 8 Detached houses, set within a cul de sac setting, located off Spencers Lane in Melling."
"**NO CHAIN ** Abode are pleased to present this EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM SEMIE DETACHED HOUSE WITH SOUTH FACING GARDEN. Situated in the popular, residential location of Maghull, close to local shops, schools, transport links and amenities. The property comprises; Entrance porch, h..."
** **FULLY AVAILABLE** No Onward Chain ** Accomodation Arranged Over Three Floors ** Period Features Retained Throughout ** Modern Fitted Kitchen With Feature Belfast Sink ** Fully Tiled Family Bathroom & En-suite To Loft Bedroom ** Landscaped Back Garden With Patio & Raised Lawn ** Off Stre...
MODERN... SLEEK... HOME.... CONSIDERABLE SIZE...
"Move Residential is delighted to introduce to the sales market this recently refurbished two bedroom detached bungalow, located in the highly popular community of Gateacre, L25. Situated on Gateacre Park Drive, the property occupies an elevated plot and is approached via a smartly flagged drivewa..."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to offer for sale this semi detached family residence. The property offers a wealth of character and charm with the accommodation comprising; an porch, a welcoming reception hall which sets a precedent for the remainder of the property, an attractive formal lounge, gen..."
Set in a fantastic position on Smithford Walk this delightful four bedroom detached home provides excellent living space completed to high standard with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Perfect for families. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation comprising of entra...
Immaculately presented detached family home with large rear garden in a popular residential area
"Whitegates Woolton have the pleasure of showcasing this much improved and extended three bed semi-detached home, offering sizeable accommodation over two floors in ever popular Woolton Village."
"Churcher Estates are excited to present this extended three bedroom newly renovated property to the open market, finished to a high standard throughout creating a fantastic family home. Set in an extremely rural location surrounded by fields and countryside. Available immediately with NO CHAIN "
"Beautiful three bedroom traditional family home in the sought after area of Garston, L19."
"This generously sized DETACHED HOUSE boasts FOUR BEDROOMS and is situated in a highly desirable location, on the DOORSTEP of the PINEWOODS and BEACH beyond.From the moment you cross the threshold, you will appreciate the front-facing LOUNGE, which enjoys a warm and pleasant west-facing ..."
"ONLY 25% DEPOSIT REQUIRED! Offering an incredibly high 6% projected NET rental return, the development hosts world-class facilities; including a rooftop terrace, gym, museum, and commercial spaces. A790"
"The Milliner is a stunning new home boasting a detached single garage, a generous open-plan kitchen/dining/family area with integrated appliances, a dual-aspect living room with French doors to the rear garden, and an en suite. "
"Abode are delighted to offer for sale this extended 4 bedroom terraced property situated in the prestigious South Liverpool suburb of Allerton. With Sefton Park nearby as well as excellent transport links, a choice of bars & restaurants and a range of top quality schools in the area, Plattsville ..."
Kuavo are delighted to offer for sale this truly stunning seven-bedroom family home situated in a highly sought after L23 location.
"Entwistle Green is proud to present this extended three bed semi-detached property with a great deal to offer in the prime location of Woolton, L25. The house is situated within walking distance from Woolton Village where you will find amenities in abundance as well as great schoolin..."
A stunning 3-4 bedroom Coach House built by the present vendor and offering an exceptionally high standard of family accommodation. Boasting open-plan modern living space with a bespoke kitchen and unique central island divider. Too many features to list and demanding immediate internal inspection
"Yopa proudly presents this fantastic four-bedroom detached home with a garage in this highly sought-after location. Popular with families due to local amenities, green space, and transport links. Viewings are highly recommended and strictly by appointment only"
"Are you searching for an ideal investment opportunity? This spacious semi detached property has been converted into five, one bedroom apartments. The property is currently generating a gross rental income of £27,240 per annum."
"This stunning four bedroom family home set in a popular location of Crosby has been finished to a lovely standard throughout. Within walking distance are plenty of shops, bars, restaurants and transport links. This property is also situated in a great spot for local schools. "
"This FOUR BEDROOM detached house represents a true BLANK CANVAS for the new owners to create their vision.Located within an established and popular area of Formby, close to local schools and amenities.Take a look at our FLOOR PLAN - the accommodation has a traditio..."
"**Castle Green Homes, Award Winning HBF 5 Star Home Builder, Orchard Place, Thornton COMING SOON!** EARLYBIRD RESERVATIONS BEING TAKEN! First Phase plot and price details now available, call and register your interest today! About The Cheltenham The Cheltenham at Orcha..."
"Extended, well-presented, four bedroom detached corner plot property on Tinsley Close, L26."
Wonderfully presented 4 bed detached house located in Liverpool Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Spacious and cosy living room with feature fireplace Bright dining room Generously sized Master b...
Luxury residential apartments just a short walk to Liverpool's iconic Bold Street. These refurbished apartments are located in a Grad II listed building and offers investors 7% rental income. A58
 Highly Desirable Residential Location Bay Fronted Family Lounge & Open Plan Lounge/Diner Bespoke Fitted Kitchen with Integrated Appliances Generously Sized & Well Presented Bedrooms Luxurious Family Bathroom Suite & Ground Floor WC Enclosed Courtyard with Garage Boastin...
"Jones and Chapman are extremely delighted to offer for sale a rare opportunity to purchase this beautifully positioned and proportioned semi detached family residence, situated in the highly sought after and popular residential location within Childwall."
"Standing proudly on Greenbank Road in the leafy desirable suburb of Mossley Hill, L18, is this fabulous four bedroom end of terrace family home, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Boasting a wealth of style, charm and character - this beautiful home seaml..."
"****WATCH OUR VIDEO TO WHET YOUR APPETITE**** Abode are delighted to offer for sale this superbly presented FIVE bedroom semi-detached family home situated in a highly sought after L23 location. With a range of amenities in close proximity such as shops, supermarkets, excellent transport..."
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Set within a highly sought-after area of leafy South Liverpool, is this well-presented 3 bedroom detached property, an ideal home for growing families."
"Entwistle Green are delighted to introduce for sale this delightful, extended four bedroom semi detached family home. Situated in the popular, residential location of Lydiate. Close to local shops, schools, transport links and amenities. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall, lounge, ki..."
"Move Residential are delighted to welcomed to the sales market this stunning three bedroom semi detached family home, ideally located on Booker Avenue in the ever popular and desirable suburb of Allerton, L18. Set on a large plot, the property is very well presented throughout and is ready to mov..."
"- Three bedroom duplex apartment
- South City View
- Located on floors 8 and 9 - 1577 sqft
- Views of Liverpool's iconic waterfront - Entrance via living room
- Buy this exact apartment today"
"ABODE are delighted to offer for sale this BEAUTIFUL and WELL PRESENTED 4 bedroom Victorian terraced property. Boasting many original features this property makes the PERFECT FAMILY HOME. Situated within a CONSERVATION AREA which is a stones throw to Sefton Park and walking distance to Lark Lane,..."
"Entwistle Green are delighted to introduce for sale this delightful three/ four bedroom detached family home. Situated in the popular, residential location of Maghull, close to local shops, schools, transport links and amenities. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall, two reception room..."
"A MUST VIEW, The amount of inside and outside space this beautiful family home has to offer is truuley a rare opportunity This original Victorian semi-detached double-fronted property has been converted into 3 large bedrooms with the master now having its very own large dressing..."
"This stunning detached three bedroom bungalow set right in the heart of Crosby is an absolute hidden gem. Within walking distance you will find plenty of shops, bars, restaurants and transport links. You really will be spoiled for choice. This spacious property briefly compr..."
"SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION IN CROSBY, TRADITIONAL FEATURES THROUGHOUT, EXTENDED ACCOMMODATION, FOUR GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS, THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, ENCLOSED GARDENS, DRIVEWAY WITH PARKING FOR A NUMBER OF CARS AND DETACHED GARAGE. NO ONWARD CHAIN. This semi detached extended ..."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to offer for sale this executive four bedroom detached property, in a sought after area of Childwall close to transport links and local amenities. This fantastic family home offers well planned accommodation over two floors and in brief comprises of the following, A we..."
"Ascot are delighted to offer for sale this lovely newly refurbished 3 bedroom semi-detached house.. It benefits from a driveway for off road parking.It is located in a quiet road in the very highly desirable area of Crosby. It is walking distance to all local amenities, shops and transfer links."
Strike is pleased to present this property in Lydiate.
"This well presented, four bedroom detached home occupies a pleasant set spot tucked away in a private position at the end of a cul-de-sac. The property is situated in a desirable residential location, is tastefully finished throughout and provides a spacious and practical floor plan covering an ..."
This stunning 3 bedroom semi-detached bungalow is a must-see! Boasting a stylish and attractive design over two floors.
"Set within a highly sought-after area of leafy South Liverpool, is this well-presented 3 bedroom detached property, an ideal home for growing families. The accommodation is bright and extremely spacious throughout, where modern meets homely."
"Entwistle Green are delighted to introduce for sale this delightful, spacious four bedroom detached family home. Nestled in a quiet cul de sac location in Maghull, overlooking green space, close to local shops, schools, transport links and amenities. The property briefly comprises of entrance hal..."
"Looking for a spacious, modern, family home with the potential to extend? This lovely four-bedroom detached home is located in Maunders Court in the sought-after postcode of L23."
*** STUNNING DETACHED HOME *** NO CHAIN *** 3 BEDROOMS *** FINISHED TO A HIGH SPECIFICATION *** HOMELY FEELING THROUGHOUT *** OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER WITH BUILT IN LARDER *** INTERGRATED KITCHEN APPLIANCES *** COSY FRONT LOUNGE *** 2 BATHROOMS *** 3 W/CS *** SPACIOUS GARDEN WITH PATIO AREA ***
"- Two bedroom duplex apartment
- River View
- Located on floors 4 and 5 - 1572 sq ft
- Views of Liverpool's iconic waterfront - Entrance via living room
"
Looking for a detached family home? Venmores Estate Agents are delighted to present to the sales market this three-bedroom detached home on Grange Lane.
"Looking to invest?? One Wolstenholme Square is the ideal investment. Always at full occupancy and in demand with tenants, rents range from £500pcm up to £650pcm with Average annual net yields of 7%. Enquire today to find out more and arrange your viewing."
"**CENTRAL LIVERPOOL** STUNNING APARTMENT** INCREDIBLE VIEWS** HIGH-RETURN INVESTMENT** CLOSE PROXIMITY TO LIVERPOOL LIME STREET, CITY CENTRE, LIVERPOOL DOCKS & MORE**PERFECT OFF-PLAN INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** PARKING INCLUDED**"
"The Firswood benefits from four double bedrooms incl. a stunning master bedroom with vaulted ceiling and en-suite, plus a spacious open-plan kitchen, dining and family area with adjoining utility, lounge with bay window, and integral garage. "
"This well-presented, four bedroom, link detached home has been considerably extended to the rear and rests on a larger than average corner plot in this highly desirable residential location. Internally the floor plan provides an excellent arrangement of space, just perfect for modern day living w..."
"This wonderful four bed, semi-detached house has been completely renovated throughout and now offers a fantastic space for modern day family life. With a brand-new stylish kitchen and bathroom, plus the convenience of a utility area and downstairs WC, this property could be ideal for a growing f..."
"Michael Moon is delighted to welcome to the market, a stunning four bedroom semi detached property which is ideal for any home buyers and investors alike. This property provides the opportunity for persons wishing to live in a desirable area of Crosby. Within waking distance you will fi..."
"Entwistle Green are excited to bring to the market this absolutely stunning three bedroom semi-detached, beautifully decorated family home. To the ground floor, the property boasts a spacious separate living room, a dining room and a large open plan extended kitchen, dining and living space, a pe..."
"A wonderful opportunity to buy this beautifully proportioned mid terraced property, situated within the ever popular residential location of Aigburth, being served by a wealth of local amenities and popular green space. "
Jones and Chapman are delighted to offer For Sale this Three bedroomed semi detached property located in the sought after L18 postcode
"Sutton Kersh are pleased to offer for sale this immaculately presented four bedroomed, as built, semi-detached house with plenty of original features, situated in the heart of West Derby Village. Early viewing is advised to fully appreciate the size of this property on offer, briefly comprising:..."
"Occupying a generous ‘wrap around’ PLOT measuring 0.31 of an ACRE, 'Lurgaboy' is a DETACHED BUNGALOW with a FREEHOLD title that has been a much-loved home for over 30 years.The property offers EXCELLENT POTENTIAL whether you are looking to DEVELOP or RENOVATE (subject to any..."
"Arnold & Phillips are delighted to bring to market an exciting opportunity to acquire this beautifully presented three bedroom semi-detached family home, situated attractively along the highly popular Harbord Road in Waterloo. Ideally positioned this fully renovated property resides just a short ..."
"Enquire today for our FREE info pack, as the development projects unmatched6% rental returns, and annual rental incomes starting from £8,697! A1056"
"Sutton Kersh are pleased to offer this Four Bedroomed Detached House occupying a cul de sac position within West Derby Village. The property briefly comprises: entrance hall, cloakroom/wc, lounge, dining room and kitchen. To the first floor landing there are four bedrooms, master with ensuite s..."
"DON'T DILLY, DARLEY... DRIVE PAST YOUR DREAM HOME AND BOOK TO VIEW NOW!... NO ONGOING CHAIN... A beautiful detached bungalow set within West Derby offering space, amazing garage space and gardens. The reception rooms open up to meet you when entering the hallway. The loun..."
"A GREAT OPPORTUNITY to create your dream home with PLANNING PERMISSION GRANTED to EXTEND to the REAR and CREATE the FIRST FLOOR.The property rests on a GENEROUS PLOT of 0.17 of an acre with a SOUTH-facing rear aspect. So, any extension will not impinge on the enjoyment of the garden."
"State-of-the-art city centre apartments with quick access to the Albert Docks, offering incredible waterfront living and strong 6% rental yields. A1057"
Strike is pleased to present this property in Liverpool.
"8% rental return is on these brand-new, fully completed apartments in North Liverpool. This is an amazing return on a residential investment to give you the highest rental income in the city. A852"
"** No Onward Chain ** Sutton Kersh are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom semi detached property situated in this highly desirable residential location. The property briefly comprises, entrance porch, reception hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen opening into breakfast room, conserva..."
"Entwistle Green are proud to present this extended four bedroom semi-detached property with great curb appeal in the highly sought after area of Childwall, L16. With great schools, transport links and local amenity’s in abundance. Upon entering the property through the porch you ..."
"Entwistle Green are delighted to offer for sale this recently renovated and beautifully presented two bedroom coach house situated in the prestigious Georgian Quarter. Conveniently located in the heart of Liverpool City Centre, this property is within walking distance to the universities, hospita..."
"Conveniently situated for local schools, transport, shops and restaurants this stunning true bungalow situated on a corner plot requires early viewing to be fully appreciated. Having undergone a full refurbishment programme, where quality and attention to detail & style have been paramount ..."
"Ideal for first time buyers that are looking for modern and yet affordable housing! We are delighted to introduce to auction this well-presented ground floor 2-bedroom apartment, which was designed to a contemporary style and is ideal for anybody who wants to live in a modern building. The ..."
"Entwistle green are delighted to offer for sale this two bedroom detached bungalow situated on a good size plot on Lawrence Close, which is located within the popular residential area of Aigburth. Briefly comprising of an entrance hall, bright spacious lounge with sliding doors into t..."
** Spacious Semi Detached Home ** Perfect For Families ** Rear Garden ** Three Well Proportioned Bedrooms ** Highly Sought After Location In Mossley Hill L18 ** Close To Amenities & Popular Schools ** Garage & Driveway ** Sizeable Corner Plot **
Entwistle green are delighted to bring to market this four bed beautifully extended semi detached property in L19. This well established popular location offers a wealth of local amenities and within the catchment area of some fantastic schools for all ages. The property has great access around t...
"New to the market with Strike this delightful three-bedroom end terrace character property in the sought-after River View, Brighton-Le-Sands.  8 River View is a charming and characterful three-bedroom end terrace house situated in the picturesque and sought-after area of Brighton-Le-..."
"Set in a popular location this attractive four bedroom detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a front facing sitting room, a dining room an ..."
IF YOU GO DOWN TO THE WOODS TODAY.... what a surprise you will get!! SPACIOUS... BRIGHT AND AIRY... AMAZING LOCATION... WOODLAND ASPECT TO THE FRONT... A fabulous detached house located in a much sought after area. The house offers everything you want as a family and more. ...
** Spacious Living Space ** Downstairs Cloakroom ** Fitted Bathroom ** Fitted Kitchen ** Conservatory ** Double Driveway ** Garage ** Walking Distance To Calderstones Park ** Highly Sought After South Liverpool Location ** Early Viewing Recommended **
"A wonderful opportunity to acquire a well cared for family home within highly desirable L25, offering bags of potential to further enhance. No chain delay with this sale."
"Set in a fantastic position this delightful three bedroom semi detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a lounge which has a front facing aspe..."
"* Three Bedroom Semi-Detached Property
* Driveway
* Detached Garage
* Open Plan Kitchen/Dining
* Well Presented Throughout
* Exceptional Family Home * Situated in Crosby
* Excellent Transport Links
* Excellent School Networks
"
"Sellect Homes are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully positioned semi detached family residence situated in a highly sought after and popular residential location of Gateacre, being served by a wealth of amenities and surrounded by plentiful green space."
"Request your FREE Info Pack! Located 1 minute from Liverpool One, these desirable apartments are only a short walk from Liverpool Central Station and Liverpool Lime Street. A789"
Such a pleasant and tranquil location close to amenities and schools in the leafy suburb of Knowsley Village. This well presented three bedroom detached family home is certainly one for your viewing list.
"Located in a quiet close in the desirable area of Chevasse Walk, this well-presented 4-bedroom detached property is the perfect family home."
"This stunning four bedroom semi-detached property has been finished to a lovely standard throughout and is ideal for buyers wishing to live in a quiet cul-de-sac location. Within the vicinity are plenty of shops, bars, restaurants and transport links. There are also a hanmdful of grea..."
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Set in a delightful residential area of Garston in leafy south Liverpool, on a quiet road, this well-presented four-bedroom semi-detached property is the perfect home for a family. The accommodation is bright and spacious throughout, where modern meets homely."
*** STUNNING DETACHED HOME *** 4 BEDROOMS *** 2 BATHROOMS *** QUIET CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION *** CHAIN FREE *** OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER *** NEW FITTED KITCHEN *** EN-SUITE TO THE MASTER BEDROOM *** COSY LOUNGE *** BRIGHT CONSERVATORY TO THE REAR *** LARGE PRIVATE GARDEN WITH PATIO AREA *** DRIVEWAY WI...
"Charming and well-presented 3 bedroom semi-detached family home in the ever popular L16 area of Liverpool.  Absolutely perfect for a family or any second steppers out there, the current owner has finished the property to a high standard throughout and as such you could just move in and dr..."
"***RARE OPPORTUNITY - A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED DETACHED BUNGALOW*** Situated on a quiet and sought after residential road. Neutrally decorated throughout and READY TO MOVE STRAIGHT IN. Featuring spacious kitchen with breakfast bar, good size lounge, light and airy dining room, downstairs shower r..."
"Enquire today for our FREE info pack, as the development projects unmatched6% rental returns, and annual rental incomes starting from £8,697! B1057"
"Click on the link here to plan the layout of your Woodcote home to suit your lifestyle. Get creative with your space, include a library, yoga room or perhaps a cinema! 
A versatile four bedroom semi detached home set over 3 floors. On the ground floor, you'll find the kitchen with space for a bre..."
"Maximum growth opportunity! Grade II listed mill investments from £139,995. B1056"
"* Five Bedroom Semi Detached House
* Sought After Road * 3 Car Drive * Landscaped Rear Garden * 3 x Reception Rooms
* Potential to Develop Further * Victorian Bathroom & En Suite * Feature Fireplaces * Ground floor W/C
* Original Brick Outbuilding
"
"Entwistle Green are delighted to introduce for sale this delightful, four bedroom detached family home. Situated in a quiet cul de sac location of Melling, close to local schools, transport links and amenities. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall, lounge, open plan kitchen and dining ..."
Luxury eco apartments available below market value in Liverpool city centre.A18
Acumen Estates are delighted to offer for sale this fully refurbished three bedroom detached bungalow which is situated at the head of a quiet cull-de-sac just off Promenade Gardens within the sought after Aigburth area. The property has recently undergone a full refurbishment th (cont.)
"Reeds Rains are delighted to offer to the open sales market this immaculately-presented four bedroom executive detached home, situated on the Country Park Estate. The ideal family home is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac and occupies a substantial plot, with well kept front and rear gardens as well..."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to bring to the market this lovely three bedroom, well presented, semi-detached family home. In brief the property comprises; on the ground floor, a useful porch, welcoming entrance hall, lounge benefitting from bay window, cozy living room with access via sliding doors..."
Entwistle Green are pleased to offer to the market this two bedroom Georgian end terrace currently generating £4000 on short term lets per calender month. With an open plan living area and modern kitchen to the ground floor the property is finished to high quality standard. To the first flo...
** No Onward Chain ** Fully Renovated To An Excellent Standard ** 2nd Floor With Views Across Royal Albert Dock ** Exposed Brickwork To Barrel Vaulted Ceilings ** Grade I Listed Building ** Modern Fitted Kitchen With Belfast Sink & Integrated Appliances ** Two Luxury Bathrooms With Under Floor He...
"*Guide Price: £350,000 +. Public Auction : Wednesday, 05 April 2023 at , Virtual Livestream Online Auction GET READY TO BID BY VISITING THE AUCTIONEERS WEBSITE GUIDE PRICES & RESERVE PRICES Guide Price
An indication of the seller’s current minimum acceptable price at auct..."
"View the floor plans for a uniqueassortment of Liverpool City Centre Manhattan, 1, 2 and3-bed apartments, providingbreath-taking waterfront views, and prices from just £129,995! B792"
" Sutton Kersh are delighted to offer for sale this impeccably presented, and fully refurbished semi-detached family residence situated within this leafy and affluent South Liverpool suburb. The property itself is stylish and offers a wealth of character and charm with the accommodation comp..."
"Berkeley Shaw is pleased to offer for sale this spacious terraced 5 double-bedroomed family home, with stunning views over Liverpool Bay. Situated next to Crosby beach near local amenities. The property needs renovation however offers great potential with the accommodation comprising: a porch, ..."
"WOW!!! This is VERY RARE for a beautiful family home to come up FOR SALE in Abbotsford Gardens. Not only is this a FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE; It's also situated in a very quiet Cul-de-sac but still close to train station, shops, restaurants, schools and the beach! The property com..."
A third floor two bedroom apartment situated in this prestigious modern building which is furnished to a high standard. The building retains its unique porthole styling in line with the architect’s original contemporary and minimalist vision. The development is perfectly suited for someone ...
"Beautifully presented three-bedroom semi-detached family home on one of Woolton's most popular roads. Decorated to a high standard throughout and with a picturesque garden, this property is a must-see!"
"DETACHED BUNGALOW IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION IN LYDIATE, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, IMMACULATELY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT, SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION, OFF ROAD PARKING AND GARAGE, ENCLOSED GARDEBS TO THE REAR. NO CHAIN. Situated on Liverpool Road in Lydiate, overlooking farmland to the front, this detached b..."
"No Chain - Three Bedroom Semi-Detached Family Home - Excellent Transport Routes - Separate Spacious Lounge - Open-plan Modern Kitchen Diner - Separate Utility Room - Downstairs WC - Bifolding Doors - Garage This well-presented family house consists of;DownstairsEntrance Hall, DWC, Well-presented ..."
"Are you searching for a character home in the heart of L18 with huge energy saving benefits? Situated just a stone’s throw from Greenbank Park is this beautifully presented home. The surrounding area is one of the most sought after in Liverpool, providing buyers with a fantastic range..."
"This DETACHED BUNGALOW is ready for the new owner to move straight in. Come and take a look for yourself and see what you think...During the current vendor's ownership, they have REPLACED the WINDOWS and DOORS. The PVC CLADDING and FASCIA BOARDS. Along with the KITCHEN and SHOWER ROOM."
"Entwistle Green are pleased to offer for sale this Four bedroom semi-detached family home, located on Thurne Way in the highly desirable residential area of L25. An ideal purchase for growing families, this delightful property that enjoys generous living proportions throughout. In brief, the prop..."
"Fabulous Manhattans, one and two-bedroom apartments in a prime Liverpool location. Benefit from 7% rental yields and significant growth with this unmissable investment opportunity. A65"
"This well-presented, spacious family home is ideal for any buyers wishing to live in a desirable area of Crosby. Located within walking distance to plenty of shops, bars, restaurants and transport links. Ther are also plenty of schools nearby. This beautiful home briefly com..."
"This extended DETACHED BUNGALOW is located in the ever-popular area of Freshfield, close to local schools and amenities, including Deansgate Park.The property extends to over 1,245 sq.ft. and rests on a generous plot of 0.11 of an acre with a sunny WEST-facing rear garden.The POR..."
"An investment opportunity has arisen to purchase this spacious building containing a shop and two apartments with tenants currently in situ. Two, two bedroom apartments in good condition which are fetching approx. £650 pcm each. The fully fitted out shop currently being use..."
"BLOCK INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY
* Substantial Freehold semi - detached property with 3 x separate, self contained flats (all tenanted)
* 2 x 2 bedroom Flats
* 1 x 1 bedroom Flat
* 5.5% current yield * 6.7% potential yield "
"Stunning! Sutton Kersh are delighted to present to the open sales market this immaculately-presented seven bedroom family home. The sprawling property offers an enormous amount of space, with a mix of traditional and modern features which all add up to the ideal family home - internal inspection ..."
"Entwistle Green are delighted to introduce this three bedroom detached family home. Tucked away in a quiet cul de sac location, close to local shops, schools, transport links and amenities. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall, lounge, dining room, conservatory and kitchen, with access..."
"The Woodbury is a stylish yet practical MODERN HOME that will meet all your family’s needs. The brightly lit entrance opens onto a spacious lounge, ideal for ENTERTAINING GUESTS & loved ones. Also downstairs, you will find an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN with plenty of useful storage to house the less glamo..."
NO UPWARD CHAIN.  An opportunity has arisen to purchase this extended four bedroom detached house which offers deceptively spacious and versatile family accommodation.  The property requires complete modernisation but has huge potential to be transformed into a beautiful home with th...
"***CHECK OUT THE VIDEO AND FLOORPLAN*** North Wall are thrilled to introduce to the market this fantastic well planned spacious family home in the much sought after Avondale Avenue, Maghull. The desirable cul de sac lined both sides with houses with beautiful leaded light windows, in this case..."
"****WATCH OUR VIDEO TOUR TO WHET YOUR APPETITE***** Abode are delighted to offer for sale this truly stunning FOUR bedroom DETACHED NEW BUILD family home situated in a highly sought after L23 location. With a range of amenities in close proximity such as shops, supermarkets, excellent tr..."
High Capital Growth Investments: Residential apartments located in a high capital growth zone where up to 24% appreciation is projected by 2024. Also earn 7% rental return in Liverpool city centre in a multi-income opportunity. A763
"New to the market, this well-presented four-bedroom detached family home in L9. On the ground floor access is via a porch that leads to the entrance hall. From the hall, there are doors leading to the front reception room which is currently in the process of a conversion from the int..."
"Look no further! This 4 Bed Detached Residence is coming to the market in this highly sought-after development in the heart of the Prescot, an area becoming increasingly desirable by the day, and comes with an extensive double garage, off-street parking via a shared driveway and a fabulous wrap-a..."
Completedresidential 2-bed properties in Liverpool's Baltic Triangle. These premium city centre apartments give investors the opportunity to receive fast rental income based on the 7%rental return. A151
"we are delighted to offer for sale this stunning, high specification, spacious apartment situated in a much sought after L17 location. The property itself is currently under construction with an expected completion date around mid spring 2023, this gives the unique opportunity (subject to contra..."
"Move Residential is please to offer for sale this large eight bedroom semi detached property, located on Staplands Road in Broadgreen, L14. This large property is a fully licenced and compliant HMO property and would prove to be an ideal purchase for for someone looking to take on a project and e..."
"Located on Heatherdale Road in the desirable suburb of Mossley Hill, L18 is this wonderful three bedroom extended semi detached family home welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Available for sale with no onward chain, the property is exceptionally well pres..."
Below Market Value: Limited residential apartments available with 7%rental returns in Liverpool's booming Baltic Triangle regeneration zone. The development has been completed to the highest of standards. A150
Luxury eco apartments available below market value in Liverpool city centre.A49
"8% rental return is on these brand-new, fully completed apartments in North Liverpool. This is an amazing return on a residential investment to give you the highest rental income in the city. A851"
"Request FREE floor plans for this refurbished Grade II listed development with its own rooftop garden, offering both city and waterfront views- it even has a fully equipped gym and spa! A1054"
"State-of-the-art city centre apartments with quick access to the Albert Docks, offering incredible waterfront living and strong 6% rental yields.A1055"
Liverpool city centre Apartments: Lucrative buy to let apartments in highly popular Knowledge Quarter investment zone in Liverpool.A209
"Request your FREE Info Pack! Located 1 minute from Liverpool One, these desirable apartments are only a short walk from Liverpool Central Station and Liverpool Lime Street. A788"
Residential buy to let apartments next to the famous Baltic Marketin Liverpool's iconic Baltic Triangle. Invest in 1 and 2-bedroom apartments in the UK's Coolest Place to Live in the UK as named by The Times. 7% rental returns. A762
"Located on a quiet and very popular residential estate in West Derby L12, we have for sale this stunning 4 bed detached family home. This wonderful property is surrounded by a wealth of excellent schools, the fine bars and restaurants of West Derby Village, and is a stones throw from Croxteth Park!"
"A fantastic investment opportunity has arisen within the sales market to purchase this outstanding six bedroom HMO student property, ideally located on Empress Road in Kensington, L7. Having recently undergone an extensive back to brick renovation, the property enjoys generous living proportions ..."
"A wonderful opportunity to purchase this unique and contemporary mid terraced property, situated within this beautiful gated development known as the ""Crofton Estate,"" being served by a wealth of local amenities and surrounded by plentiful green space. "
"The Elmsgate is a stylish three-bedroom home, designed with functionality in-mind. Upon entering, you will see an open plan kitchen/dining area with french doors to the garden. The light & bright lounge is the ideal space to relax. Completing the downstairs is a convenient toilet.
Upstairs, the s..."
"Ideally located in the highly desirable area of Wavertree Gardens Suburb, L15, is this wonderful three bedroom semi detached family home, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Situated on Nook Rise, this charming property boasts a wealth of charm and charac..."
"The Woodcote is a stylish yet practical MODERN HOME that will meet all your family’s needs. The brightly lit entrance opens onto a spacious lounge, ideal for ENTERTAINING GUESTS & loved ones. Also downstairs, you will find an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN with plenty of useful storage to house the less glamo..."
Are you searching for a turnkey home in the heart of Woolton Village? This stunning two bedroom mid terrace located on Allerton Road L25 is brought to the sales market by Venmore Estate Agents.
"Set in a sought after location this beautifully presented three bedroom home provides excellent living space completed to a high standard with quality fitments, period features, original flooring and tasteful décor throughout. The property sits within the catchment area of some of the most popula..."
"Marshall Property are pleased to bring to the market this large commercial/ residential premesis on the popular Priory Road, L4."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to bring to the market this six bedroom detached house. Situated within the popular residential location of Wavertree, served by a wealth of amenities. This character property briefly comprises of to the ground floor; a welcoming entrance hall, lounge/dining room, kitc..."
"The broad ENTRANCE CANOPY demonstrates the blend of visual appeal and utility found throughout this exciting home. The lounge opens on to a LIGHT-FILLED dining kitchen with FRENCH DOORS and a separate LAUNDRY, one of the bedrooms is EN-SUITE and another includes a useful cupboard."
"*THREE BEDROOMS* *SEMI DETACHED* * *OFF ROAD PARKING* *IMMACULATE* Entwistle Green are delighted to offer this beautiful three bedroom immaculate home for sale in the heart of L18, Liverpool Merseyside. The property sits within a highly sought after road off Rose Lane which..."
"- New Residential Development - 3 Bedroom Apartment
- Located on 1st Floor
- River View
- Large Balcony - 1053 sqft
- 0.2 Miles from Brunswick Train Station
- Reserve your Apartment today"
"A beautiful three-bedroom detached home with an expansive rear garden space. Ideally placed in an abundance of school catchment areas and transport links, this is the ideal family home!"
"Offering excellent family accommodation, this well presented tastefully extended semi detached house, situated in a sought after residential location and of which an inspection is most strongly recommended. The accommodation is appointed to a high standard, includes gas central heating and double..."
"This property is located close to the popular Sefton Park, the property is close to many local amenities and excellent transport links. Benefitting furthermore from a lift throughout the building and allocated parking spots."
"Set in a popular location this delightful three bedroom home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a front facing lounge finished to a very high standard..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a stunning and uniquely extended four bedroom semi detached house situated in sought after Aintree Village. The beautiful and spacious accommodation would suit any size of family and briefly comprises; entrance hall, open plan lounge-dining room, kitchen/entert..."
"Set in a fantastic position this delightful four bedroom detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a lovely lounge which has a front facing asp..."
"Offering extended acommodation and generous proportions throughout, Whitegates Woolton offer to market this executive four bed detached home in cul-de-sac location within L26."
"Set in the sought-after location of West Derby, in a quiet close, is this beautifully presented four-bedroom detached property, an ideal home for growing families. The accommodation is bright and spacious throughout, where modern meets homely.  The property has a welcoming ..."
"A detached residence occupying an enviable position on Croxteth Park, a sought after location for the Emmaus Primary School. The property is well served by local transport to West Derby and Liverpool City Centre, as well as offering good access to the East Lancashire Road and motorway network...."
Jones and Chapman are delighted to offer for sale this well presented extended Four bedroom semi-detached property situated in a much sought after L25 location.
"From the impressive wood cladding that enhances the roofline to the decorative door cornice that adds elegance to the entrance, The Warwick has an authentic aura that underlines the sense of quality and craftsmanship that is evident throughout. Yet practicality will also be at the hear..."
Set in a fantastic position on a very popular road this attractive four/five bedroom semi-detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Large loft room provides extra liveable space now with future potential to develop it into two extra bedroom...
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to present to market this recently renovated 3 bedroom semi detached residence which has undergone complete refurbishment. The property boasts a large floor space downstairs having previously been extended, making it an ideal home for growing families especially. A fron..."
"Move Residential is pleased to offer for sale this two bedroom mid terrace property located on Britannia Avenue in Wavertree, L15. Available for sale with no onward chain, the property offers an abundance of potential throughout and would be an ideal purchase for an investor looking to expand the..."
"** NO ONWARDS CHAIN ** Situated in a sought-after residential area of Halewood, in a quiet close, is this well-presented 4 bedroom detached property. Perfect for a small family, as it falls in the catchment area of some great schools and would equally be a perfect home for a professional coupl..."
"***WHAT A PROPERTY*** Wow, take a look at this fantastic four bedroom detached house in this incredibly sought after location in Lydiate. The Moorings leads to the canal and is a quiet cul de sac, being in the catchment for well regarded schools and convenient for bus links and Maghull Square p..."
"NO CHAIN... TRADITIONAL... CONSIDERABLE SIZE... Whitegates Huyton are proud to bring to the market this significantly extended four bedroom semi-detached property. Situated in the quiet cul de sac of Longview Road, just off Huyton Lane, benefiting from: Huyton Local Village and Prescot Village be..."
"Move Residential is delighted to offer for sale this delightful three bedroom end terrace property, ideally located on Rose Brae, a charming road located within the heart of Mossley Hill, L18. In brief, the property comprises; a welcoming entrance hallway, a bright and spacious bay fronted thro..."
"The welcoming hallway leads to a practical OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN/DINING SPACE, ideal for family meal time with access to the back GARDEN. The separate DUAL-ASPECT LOUNGE is light and spacious and ideal to unwind in. Upstairs is the beautifully spacious main bedroom , a further double bedroom and sing..."
"Situated within a desirable and popular location, this three-bedroom character semi-detached residence offers a separate one-bedroom annex ideal for any buyer who needs ground-floor accommodation. The property is beautifully decorated with a modern kitchen and bathroom. College road is ideal for ..."
"****WATCH OUR VIDEO TOUR TO WHET YOUR APPETITE**** Abode are delighted to present this STUNNING, FULLY RENOVATED FOUR bedroom semi detached family home situated in a highly sought after L23 location. With a range of amenities in close proximity such as shops, supermarkets, excellent tran..."
"DEARNE to dream that this could be your new home... it can!! AMAZING INTERIOR... GARDEN LODGE ideal for home workers... On entering this beautiful property you are taken through the hallway to the bright, airy lounge to the rear with bifold door opening onto the garden. The..."
INTRODUCING THIS NEWEST STUNNING PROPERTY ON THE MARKET!!!!! AFTER ONE VIEWING YOU WILL BE PINING FOR THIS HOUSE!!! An amazingly spacious property with gardens and parking. The hallway will lead in to the main lounge with raised dining room and on into the conservatory....
"DETACHED EXECUTIVE FAMILY RESIDENCE, WELL PRESENTED SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION, FOUR GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS WITH MASTER HAVING AN ENSUITE, LARGE KITCHEN/DINER TO THE REAR, ENCLOSED GARDENS, DRIVEWAY AND GARAGE. A MUST SEE AND OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN! Situated on Deyes Lane, close to the local shop..."
For sale with Venmore Estate Agents is this extended three bedroom semi detached home within a highly desirable location.
"Set in a popular location this attractive three bedroom detached home provides excellent living with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a rear facing sitting room which provides French do..."
"The Express Estate Agency is proud to offer this Four Bedroom Semi-Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £330,000 - £350,000*"
"Alpha-move are delighted to offer this super spacious three bedroom detached, recently built by Countryside Homes on Overdale Road, L36, close to schools, local amenities, and major road and rail transport links. The property briefly comprises of hallway, wc, front living room, utility space, and..."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to offer to the open sales market this well-presented five bedroom link detached house, situated in the heart of West Derby! Located on a generous plot, the spacious dwelling provides the ideal setting for a family home, with the extended living space incorporating a re..."
"Abode are delighted to offer for sale this 5 bedroom character end terrace. Briefly comprises of a vestibule, entrance hall, lounge, sitting room, open plan dining room to kitchen and a bathroom all to the ground floor. To the first floor there are five bedrooms and a shower room. The a..."
"Reeds Rains are delighted to present to the open market this immaculately presented four bedroom executive detached family home, situated on the popular Croxteth Country Park development! The property occupies a commanding plot and sits in a quiet cul-de-sac, internal inspection is a must to get ..."
"Alpha-move are delighted to offer this fantastic turnkey four bedroom detached on Earle Ave, L36 close to schools, shops, local amenities, and major transport links for road and rail. The property briefly comprises of hallway, wc, front living room, open plan rear kitchen / diner, utility room an..."
Abode are delighted to offer for sale this spacious two bedroom detached bungalow situated on Donalds Way which is located within the popular residential area of Aigburth. Bungalows very rarely come to the market and are not available for long!!!! The accommodation briefly comprises; Receptio...
Offered with no vendor chain and enjoying a popular and much sought after position This five bedroom end terrace offers many of the original features one appreciates in a property of this period Boasting three reception rooms and two bathrooms internal inspection is strongly recommended
"Set within a sought-after area of leafy South Liverpool, is this well-presented four-bedroom, detached bungalow, an ideal home for growing families or anyone looking to downsize. The accommodation is bright and extremely spacious throughout, perfect as a large family home. May requir..."
"***OFFERS OVER £330,000*** This is a VERY RARE OPPORTUNITY to purchase a beautiful RIVER SIDE property located in Brighton-le-Sands. This has been an amazing family home for over 37 years and is IMMACULATE throughout. This THREE BEDROOM property comprises; Large entrance hall, g..."
*** IMMACULATE SEMI-DETACHED DORMER BUNGALOW *** 3 BEDROOMS *** SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN LOUNGE/DINER *** NEWLY FITTED MODERN KITCHEN *** ADDITONAL RECEPTIO...
"Sutton Kersh are pleased to offer for sale this stunning detached true bungalow. The accommodation briefly comprises: entrance hall, lounge, kitchen diner, conservatory, three bedrooms and bathroom. Outside there are well kept gardens to both front and rear with driveway. The property further ..."
"Abode are pleased to offer for sale this extended THREE bedroom detached bungalow. This beautiful home is nestled within a quiet cul-de-sac in a popular area of L23. There are local shops, supermarkets and great access to transport links including easy reach to motorways. The property brief..."
"AINTREE PARK DEVELOPMENT A superb new development of freehold properties, built by Esteem Homes and set in landscaped grounds in sought after Aintree Village. Plot 6 'The Barkley' is a stunning three bedroom detached retirement bungalow available to buyers aged 50+years only. The beautif..."
"Qube Residential are delighted to offer for sale this wonderful four bedroom extended semi-detached home on Barn Hey Green, West Derby. The property is just a short walk from the historic and thriving West Derby Village, offering a wealth of bars, bistros and restaurants. A fantastic ..."
"Introducing the Hemlock, a beautiful new home featuring an integral garage, an open-plan kitchen/dining area with an adjoining utility room and French doors to the rear garden, plus an en suite to bedroom 1. "
"The Walnut features a detached garage, a spacious front-facing lounge with bay window, an open-plan kitchen, dining and family area with French doors to the rear garden, plus an en-suite to bedroom 1. "
"A wonderful opportunity to purchase this attractive semi detached family residence, situated in the highly sought after and popular residential location within Mossley Hill, being served by a wealth of amenities and surrounded by open green space. "
"Stunning views! The spacious, split level three bedroom, three bathroom penthouse apartment is a must see! Set on the banks of the River Mersey and boasting fantastic far-reaching views across the River which can be especially enjoyed from the private balcony. Set in a great location along Otters..."
Earn 7% rental returns to make high rental income on luxury city centre apartments by one of Liverpool's most experienced developers of residential property. A149
"**No Onward Chain** Step into this glorious two bedroom apartment situated in the highly sought after, Wapping Quay development, the current owner has finished the home to an extremely high quality. From oak wood flooring plus underfloor heating, high specification bathroom and en-suit..."
"Michael Moon are delighted to present, this spacious four bedroom family home home Located within walking distance of good local primary and secondary schools, this home is also ideally situated for access to Crosby Village shops, the motorway network and public transport links. The grou..."
"Set in a popular location this attractive three bedroom semi-detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a lovely lounge which has a front facing..."
"A stunning and well presented, newly carpeted, newly decorated and freshly varnished flooring, three bedroom Grade II Listed Sandstone Cottage in the heart of Woolton Village. Arranged over floor floors, in one of the most desired areas of Liverpool, within walking distance of lovely cafe's resta..."
"A particularly spacious and extended semi detached family home with accommodation over three floors and located in a popular residential area convenient for all local amenities and transport links. The well planned and tastefully decorated accommodation includes gas central heating, double glazi..."
Immaculately presented three-bedroom semi-detached home in a superb location with further potential to extend
"Flexi Agent are delighted to present this three bedroom semi-detached property with an attached one bedroom annexe, to the open market with NO CHAIN. Located in the popular Formby area, surrounded by a wealth of local amenities including supermarkets, schools and restaurants. T..."
A development opportunity suitable for a variety of uses (STP) and situated in a prominent position on Warbreck Moor (A59). 
Incredible prices on luxury Liverpoolapartments located in the heart of the Knowledge Quarter. Buy to let investment only with 8% NETrental returns. A48
"Instant Rental Income: 6% net rental returns on completed buy to let property investments located in the heart of Liverpool city centre. Amazing city views, fully managed and high capital growth area. A1082"
"**PRICE REDUCTION** Sutton Kersh are delighted to market this beautifully presented Four Bedroom Detached House within Croxteth Country Park. This property would make a wonderful family home, with the spacious lounge, dining room, kitchen and utility room, conservatory and downstairs ..."
"This delightful three bedroom semi detached family home, ideally located on Lance Lane in Wavertree, L15, has arrived at the sales market. Set on an expansive plot with a beautifully landscaped rear garden, the property is ready to move into right away and will offer a fantastic future home for a..."
"Request FREE floor plans for this refurbished Grade II listed development with its own rooftop garden, offering both city and waterfront views- it even has a fully equipped gym and spa! B1053"
"GO WEST... and view your new home... GO WEST... and pick up the phone... GO WEST... put your offer in... GO WEST... and the deal is done! A fabulous traditional property located in West Derby... located a walk away from much sought after schools, Alder Hey Children&..."
"6% rental return on fully complete, fully tenanted, apartments for sale in Liverpool City Centre. The expert management company ensures your investment is hassle-free, with apartment prices starting at £139,995. B1082"
"* 2 Bedroom Duplex Apartment
* Ultimate ""Dockside Living""
* 1432 sq ft
* Floor Levels 1 & 2
* Located in the iconic Tobacco Warehouse
* 24 hour concierge
"
Sophisticated off-plan development located near the Liverpool Business District. Generate 7% net rental return for one year and strong expected growth. B52
"Showcasing a meticulously maintained and internally upgraded five bedroom, two reception, two bathroom extended family home and spacious manicured garden. Located a short stroll from Huyton & Prescot Golf Club and within convenient distance to M57 for those needing to commute."
"Move Residential is pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom semi detached property, located on Shirley Road in the popular residential area of West Allerton, L19. Enjoying generous living proportions throughout, the property briefly comprises; a welcoming entrance hallway, a bright and spaci..."
"Karen Parks sales and lettings are delighted to bring to market this two bedroom detached bungalow offering plenty of living space. The property briefly comprises of: hallway, lounge, kitchen, conservatory, a shower room, two bedrooms and a bathroom. There is off road parking to the front of the ..."
"Entwistle Green are delighted to introduce for sale this delightful, character semi detached family home. The property is situated in a quiet cul de sac location in Maghull, close to local shops, schools, transport links and amenities. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall, lounge, open..."
"Move Residential is pleased to offer for sale this lovely four bedroom semi detached townhouse, ideally located on Applewood Grove, a quiet desirable road located in the popular suburb of Halewood, L26. Well presented throughout and enjoying generous living proportions set over three floors, the ..."
** Popular Residential Location ** Scope To Extend ** Private Rear Garden ** Open Plan Kitchen/Diner ** Lounge With Feature Fireplace ** Solid Oak Flooring ** Driveway ** Modern Bathroom ** Excellent Local Schools ** Easy Access To Motorway Network **
Wonderfully presented 4 bedroom detached house located in Liverpool. Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hall Bright and airy living room with feature fire place Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Dining room with French doors opening to rear gar...
"What a fantastic opportunity to acquire this lovely this lovely detached property, The property is close to the always popular Allerton Road, with a wide range of, good restaurants, bars and shops. Viewing is highly recommended."
"Located on Eilian Grove, a quiet cul-de-sac situated in the popular suburb of Broadgreen, L14, is this beautiful three bedroom semi detached property, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. This delightful property is set on an expansive plot and enjoys a cle..."
"Smith’s Lodge is a beautiful period home brimming with character and history, historically the property stood as Lord Derby’s estate forgery, and the current vendor has refurbished the property whilst retaining the character and many original features. It now blends modern technolo..."
"£150 Million Regeneration Zone: The area has received 80,000 square feet of new retail units just minutes away from Poet's Place. Apartment prices start at £89,995 with8% rental returns. Start earning straight away! A850"
"A deceptively spacious semi detached house that has been extended to the rear to offer a family home with versatile accommodation to the ground floor depending upon individual requirements. Immaculately presented throughout the property includes gas central heating, double glazing and briefly com..."
"***NO CHAIN*** Abode are delighted to offer for sale this FIVE bedroom end terrace family home with is situated in a quiet cul de sac within a highly sought after L22 location. The property comprises; Entrance vestibule., hallway, two spacious reception rooms, kitchen. dining area, ..."
"*NO CHAIN* Entwistle Green are delighted to present to the market this spacious 7 bed semi-detached family home. A truly unique property and viewings on this one are highly recommended. The ground floor of the property briefly comprises of; hall, two reception rooms offering separate living ..."
Entwistle Green are delighted to offer for sale this luxury three-bedroom duplex apartment in the popular Unity Building which is situated on Rumford Place close to its junction with Tithebarn Street in this desirable and convenient part of Liverpool city centre. There is comprehensive range of r...
"Set in a popular location this delightful three bedroom semi detached provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a front facing dining room, a lovely lounge w..."
"Ian Crane Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale, a newly built individually designed detached dormer bungalow with an outstanding high quality finish throughout. Viewings are essential to appreciate the features offered and the contemporary fittings and decor. Located close to the shoppin..."
"New to the market with Strike is this delightful two bedroom detached bungalow in Woolton Liverpool. 15 Broad Hey Close is a charming and modernised two-bedroom detached bungalow situated in the desirable residential area of Woolton, Liverpool (postcode L25 5QQ). This lovely property offe..."
*** EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY *** 4 BEDROOMS *** 2 RECEPTION ROOMS *** CONSERVATORY TO THE REAR *** LARGE BUT LOW MAINTENANCE GARDEN *** MODERN FITTED KITCHEN *** 2 BATHROOMS *** OFF ROAD PARKING *** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION *** IN THE CATCHMENT AREA FOR REPUTABLE SCHOOLS ***
"****WATCH OUR VIDEO TOUR TO WHET YOUR APPETITE**** Abode are delighted to offer for sale this spacious FOUR bedroom semi-detached family home situated on a large corner plot within a highly sought after L23 location. With a range of amenities in close proximity such as shops, supermarket..."
"Move Residential is pleased to offer for sale this charming three bedroom mid terrace property, located on Beckenham Avenue in the popular desirable suburb of Mossley Hill, L18. Enjoying contemporary and traditional features, the property offers generous living proportions and also offers a beaut..."
"*Guice Price - £325,000 - £350,000* Pack your bags and move straight into this house in immaculate condition and one of the most popular family areas to live in South Liverpool, SOLD WITH NO CHAIN! Inside this property, you will find on the ground floor, a large kitchen wit..."
Sophisticated off-plan development located near the Liverpool Business District. Generate 7% net rental return for one year and strong expected growth. A64
"A great investment opportunity has arisen within the sales market to purchase this recently redeveloped six bedroom HMO property, ideally located on Empress Road in the popular residential area of Kensington, L7. The property will be fully let on a joint AST from the 1/7/23 until 30/6.24 with a g..."
"Buy to Let Opportunity: Luxury residential apartment in stunning historic building 1 minute from Royal Liver Buildings in Liverpool city centre. Invest from £139,995 and receive 7% net rental returns with your investment.A882"
"Marshall Property are delighted to present to the sales market this three bedroom semi-detached home on Welbourne Road, Childwall L16. The property is available with no onward chain. Situated close to excellent schools and amenities."
High Capital Growth Investments: Residential apartments located in a high capital growth zone where up to 24% appreciation is projected by 2024. Also earn 7% rental return in Liverpool city centre in a multi-income opportunity. A761
****WATCH OUR VIDEO TOUR TO WHET YOUR APPETITE**** Abode are delighted to offer for sale this stunning three bedroom (plus loft room) extended semi-detached family home situated on a large plot within a highly sought after L16 location. With a range of amenities in close proximity such a...
"This stunning three bedroom mid terrace family home located on Courtland Road in Mossley Hill, L18, has arrived at the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Bursting with charm and character, this impressively spacious home is exceptionally well presented throughout and off..."
"This DETACHED property has been a much-loved family home for over 40 years and is ready for a new family to enjoy.The accommodation is immaculately presented, with a front-facing SITTING ROOM, and the KITCHEN is adjacent. The LOUNGE/DINING ROOM and CONSERVATORY overlook the rear garden...."
"A beautiful ground floor garden apartment set in the stunning Hollystead House, a Grade II listed stuccoed building with castellated turret. Hunters are delighted to bring to market this spacious and very well appointed ground floor apartment. Benefiting from a personal entrance and boas..."
"Sutton Kersh are extremely delighted to offer for sale this semi-detached family residence. Boasting many attractive features and family accommodation over two floors. The property briefly comprises to the ground floor; a welcoming reception hall, offering access into a modern dining room, a down..."
"Have you been searching for an investment opportunity in Kensington Fields, L7? Venmore Estate Agents are delighted to present this five-bedroom mid terrace HMO. Currently rented to five students, with a let arranged for next year."
"Maximum growth opportunity! Grade II listed mill investments from £139,995. A1052"
"Enquire today for our FREE info pack, as the development projects unmatched6% rental returns, and annual rental incomes starting from £8,697! A1053"
"**GUIDE PRICE £325,000** North Barn, one of two semi-detached homes on the development individually designed with the modern homeowner in mind and promises light filled, spacious interiors to meet the exacting standards of even the most discerning home buyers. **CALL FOR MORE INFORMATI..."
"Sutton Kersh are offering this four bedroom extended semidetached house, situated in a highly sought after location and occupying a cul de sac position. The property comprises: porch, entrance hall, lounge, dining room and kitchen. To the first floor landing there are four bedrooms, family bath..."
"This CHALET-style DETACHED HOUSE offers flexible accommodation that will suit whether you are upsizing or downsizing, family or retiring. Take a look at the FLOORPLAN and see how this property might work for you...The accommodation is spacious and the overall floor area is circa 1,600 s..."
"Move Residential are delighted to offer for sale this fantastic five bedroom mid terraced property, located in the popular residential area of Wavertree, L15. Situated on Langdale Road, this substantial property enjoys generous living accommodation, providing an ideal investment opportunity for p..."
"Beautifully presented throughout is this extended three bedroom semi detached property located in the highly sought after location of Mossville Road, L18. The property is close to great local amenities, excellent schools and transport links. The property is available with no ongoing chain!"
"Attention Investors! Do not miss this new launch in Liverpool with revolutionary buy to let apartments starting from just£90,000.A208"
"A fantastic investment opportunity has arisen within the sales market to purchase this outstanding fix bedroom HMO property, located on Stevenson Street in the popular residential area of Wavertree, L15. Set over three floors, the property is currently fully let let out until June 2023 and is ren..."
*** STUNNING SEMI DETACHED HOME *** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION *** 3 BEDROOMS *** OPEN PLAN LIVING *** PRIVATE REAR GARDEN WITH PATIO AREA *** MODERN FITTED KITCHEN WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES *** DRIVEWAY WITH SPACE FOR 2 CARS *** IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS *** CALL HOMESURE TODAY ***
ONLY 25% DEPOSIT REQUIRED! Our FREE floor plans for this16-storey complex let you see the apartments for yourself - as well as the rooftop terrace and fully equipped gym inside the building! A787
Sutton Kersh are delighted to bring to the market this lovely four bedroomed Victorian terrace. Full of original features and character. Situated a stones throw away from the ever popular Sefton Park. The property briefly comprises to the ground floor a porch leading onto a welcoming entrance hal...
"This unique property was built circa 1900 and was originally a public house until the 1930s. With many of its original features still in place,this spacious property is overlooking the opposite park and is worth viewing at the earliest stage possible! In brief the home comprises of entrance porch..."
Residential buy to let apartments next to the famous Baltic Marketin Liverpool's iconic Baltic Triangle. Invest in 1 and 2-bedroom apartments in the UK's Coolest Place to Live in the UK as named by The Times. 7% rental returns. B760
"Get excellent offers on apartments in Liverpool City Centre. These fully complete and tenanted, buy to let apartments are ideally located and provide investor with 6% rental returns. A1081"
Incredible prices on luxury Liverpool apartments located in the heart of the Knowledge Quarter. Buy to let investment only with 7%rental returns B207
"PRICE INCREASE IMMINENT - Enquire today to save thousands before the price increase. Prices increasing up to £15,000.A1051"
"Investment Opportunity: Mere minutes from Liverpool Central Station and Liverpool Lime Street, get your FREE info pack today for this striking skyscraper development with eco features. A1050"
"Fully managed, Manhattan, one, and two-bedroom apartments with 8% rental return,in the lowest costing residential investment in Liverpool available for students and residential tenants. Invest from just £89,995. A849"
"View the floor plans for a uniqueassortment of Liverpool City Centre Manhattan, 1, 2 and3-bed apartments, providingbreath-taking waterfront views, and prices from just £129,995! B788"
"Regeneration ZoneApartments: Completed apartments in Liverpool's Baltic Triangle offer 7% rental return for buy to let investors. Low property prices start from as little as £219,995 which is well below market value for this £128 million area.A148"
"These sophisticated off-plan apartments offer a desirable Liverpool location, high yields of 7%, and below-market prices from just £89,995. A63"
ONLY 25% DEPOSIT REQUIRED! Our FREE floor plans for this16-storey complex let you see the apartments for yourself - as well as the rooftop terrace and fully equipped gym inside the building! A786
7% rental returns available on these luxury city centre residential apartments. The pioneering apartment complex features the most landscaped gardens in Liverpool.A760
"Brand-new eco development in Liverpool city centre with 7%rental return and fantastic prices starting from just £90,000. A207"
"The Norbury is versatile and cleverly designed home over three stories. Downstairs there's an OPEN PLAN LOUNGE WITH FRENCH DOORS TO THE GARDEN, a modern kitchen and a handy WC. On the first floor you'll find TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and a family bathroom. The top floor completes this home with an IMPR..."
"The Mason is a 3-bedroom home that features an en suite to bedroom 1, a contemporary family bathroom, an open-plan kitchen, dining and family area, and a detached single garage. *CHAIN FREE *10 YEARS NHBC WARRANTY*"
"Introducing the Mason, a stunning new home benefiting from a detached single garage, an open-plan kitchen/dining area with French doors to the rear garden, a utility room and an en suite to bedroom 1. "
The Stambourne is a BEAUTIFULLY SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM home. The ground floor features a light lounge/dining area with FRENCH DOORS That open out to the rear garden and a MODERN FITTED KITCHEN. The first floor has TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS with a family bathroom and the top floor is a LARGE MAIN BEDROO...
The Stambourne is a BEAUTIFULLY SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM HOME. The ground floor features a LIGHT LOUNGE/DINING AREA thanks to FRENCH DOORS THAT OPEN OUT TO THE REAR GARDEN and a MODERN FITTED KITCHEn. The first floor has two double bedrooms with a family bathroom and the top floor is a large main b...
"THIS PROPERTY IS PERFECT FOR BUYERS LOOKING FOR A PROPERTY CLOSE TO FORMBY VILLAGE The property comprises; Hallway, Lounge, kitchen/dining area and utility room all to the ground floor. To the upper floor there are three bedrooms, bathroom and loft space. There is also a good size gar..."
"Entwistle Green are delighted to bring to the market this stunning three bedroom semi detached property. Located in the heart of L25. This property is within close proximity to an array of local facilities and amenities. This includes Hunts Cross train station which is within walking distance, Hu..."
"Alpha-Move are delighted to offer this fantastically spacious four bedroom extended semi detached property on Gordon Drive, L14, close to schools, shops, hospitals and major road and rail transport links to the City Centre. The property briefly comprises of hallway, front reception room, rear liv..."
"Click on the link here to plan the layout of your Norbury home to suit your lifestyle.
The Norbury is versatile and cleverly designed home over three stories. Downstairs there's an open plan lounge with French doors to the garden, a modern kitchen and  a handy WC. On the first floor you'll find t..."
"Modern three bed semi-detached home with impressive rear garden located in Hunts Cross, L25"
"A substantial family home set in the heart of Woolton Village, this property is sure to appeal to both first and second time movers alike! Early inspection is a must."
"NAMED AFTER ""THE LADY WITH A LAMP"", THIS HOME IS BOUND TO TAKE CARE OF YOU!... NO ONGOING CHAIN... SPACE TO GROW... A home, ready to just drop your bagS and begin living... On entering the home the hallway takes you through to the lounge overlooking the ..."
We are delighted to offer a unique opportunity to purchase this extended three bedroom dormer bungalow. The property is available with no chain and viewing is recommended. 
"Set in a popular location this delightful three bedroom semi-detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance porch, hallway, a lovely lounge which has a front..."
Have you been searching for a family home in the heat of L22? Venmore estate agents are pleased to present this wonderful three-bedroom semi-detached.
"This well-presented extended family home is ideal for buyers wanting plenty of space in a sought after location. Located in the heart of Crosby, within walking distance are shops, bars, restaurants and transport links. There are also a handful of Schools within the locality making the ..."
"Located on Woodsorrel Road in the popular suburb of Wavertree, L15, is this lovely three bedroom semi detached family home, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Available for sale with no onward chain, the property is well maintained throughout and is set o..."
** Beautiful Semi Detached Family Home ** Downstairs W/C ** Fitted Furniture To Master Bedroom ** Family Bathroom ** Garage And Driveway Parking ** Open Plan Living/Dining Area ** Well Maintained Front And Rear Garden ** Sought After Location L16 ** Close To Good Schools & Local Amenities ** Well...
"*Guide Price £320,000 - £330,000* This property is a charming and spacious family home located on Childwall Road, Liverpool, Merseyside, L15 6UX. This beautiful property boasts a warm and inviting atmosphere, perfect for families and those looking for a homely feel. Upon enterin..."
"Kuavo are pleased to offer this three-bedroom, one-bathroom semi-detached property for sale in Maghull.This characterful property comprises of a living room, large kitchen diner with French doors and sky light leading out on to the expansive rear garden."
"'Straightforward Sales & Lettings'
- Four Bedroom Detached House
- Three Storey Property
- Off Road Parking - Situated in a Highly Sought After Residential Area
- Excellent School Networks
- Excellent Local Transport Links - Well Presented Throughout "
"Introducing the Sawyer, a beautiful new home featuring an integral garage, an open-plan kitchen/dining/family area with bay window and French doors to the rear garden, three double bedrooms, and an en suite to bedroom 1. "
BE Property Service are pleased to introduce this well presented three bedroom semi detached property situated in Woolton Village just off Manor Way.
This stunning three bedroom top floor apartment is offered to the sales market by Venmore Estate Agents.
The Stambourne is a BEAUTIFULLY SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM HOME. The ground floor features a light lounge/dining area with FRENCH DOORS that open out to the rear garden and a MODERN FITTED KITCHEN. The first floor has two double bedrooms with a FAMILY BATHROOM and the top floor is a large main bedroo...
"The welcoming hallway leads to a practical open-plan kitchen/dining space, ideal for family meal time with access to the back garden. The separate dual-aspect lounge is light and spacious and ideal to unwind in. Upstairs is the beautifully spacious main bedroom , a further double bedroom and sing..."
"Click on the link here to plan the layout of your Norbury home to suit your lifestyle. The Norbury is versatile and cleverly designed home over three stories. Downstairs there's an open plan lounge with French doors to the garden, a modern kitchen and  a handy WC. On the first floor you'll find ..."
"DETACHED FAMILY HOME, LARGER THAN EXPECTED ACCOMMODATION, WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT, FOUR BEDROOMS- MASTER HAVING AN ENSUITE, CONSERVATORY, ENCLOSED GARDENS, GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY. NO CHAIN. Situated in a tucked away cul de sac, this detached family home enjoys spacious accommodation throughout a..."
"Park View – Apartment 3 - £315,000 Park View is a collection of nine luxury apartments in what is regarded as one of the most prestigious locations in Liverpool. A short walk to the popular Allerton Manor golf course, with its array of restaurants, bars and the renowned nine hole..."
"A well presented family home situated in a sought after residential area of Crosby and close to popular local schools. Ready for buyers to move straight in, the property is tastefully decorated and includes gas central heating and double glazed windows.  The accommodation briefly comprises ..."
"Selling the FACTS not the FLOWER
- Four Bed Semi-Detached House - Two Reception Rooms - Conservatory
- Fitted Kitchen - Dressing Area
- En-Suite - Gas Central Heating & Double Glazed Windows
- Driveway / Garage
- Rear Garden "
This house will TIP you over the edge... you have found it!! Your new home!... HOUSE ENVY... THE HOME OF YOUR DREAMS... UNBELIEVABLE SPACE... Another fabulous property on the Country Park Estate... The property offers three large reception room... the lounge overlooking the...
"A beautiful detached family home in a cosy cul-de-sac near Woolton Village close to great local amenities road links and train station. Comprising: Hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, four bedrooms, bathroom, garage, parking and great sized sunny rear garden. EPC GRADE = D Viewing highly recommended"
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to present to market this substantial 4-bedroom residence in the heart of the ever-desirable Childwall. Upon entering through the porch, you’re greeted by a light and airy reception hall which sets precedence for the rest of the property, with an open plan living/..."
"A new Strike instruction to the market is this well-presented three-bedroom family home in West Derby. On the ground floor, the property briefly comprises a bright hallway leading to the front and rear living rooms and also the modern kitchen. The front living room has attractive flooring..."
Looking for a substantial family home? Venmores Estate Agents are delighted to present to the sales market this six bedroom semi-detached home on Alexandra Drive.
"Luxury Studio Apartments: Liverpool City Centre welcomes premium studio buy to let investments, priced from £89,995 with 8% net rental returns assured. Fully managed by a specialist management company.A808"
WOW..... Is this possibly one of the nicest homes for sale within the area? Whitegates are delighted to bring to the market this STUNNING FOUR BEDROOM extended family home set within one of L20's most sought after locations. Radnor Drive boasts from being within walking distance to loc...
Offered at a realistic price to reflect the fact that some cosmetic upgrades and modernisation is required to this deceptively spacious three bedroom semi detached family home located within a very popular and sought after location close to most amenities
"Park View – Apartment 6 - £315,000 Park View is a collection of nine luxury apartments in what is regarded as one of the most prestigious locations in Liverpool. A short walk to the popular Allerton Manor golf course, with its array of restaurants, bars and the renowned nine hole..."
"** No chain ** Set in a popular location this delightful three bedroom semi detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance porch, hallway, a lovely lounge w..."
"THE BELLE OF THE BALL... a fabulous traditional house... THE HEART OF WEST DERBY... NO ONGOING CHAIN... A much sought after location and property with many traditional features, giving room to create your own home. The opportunity to extend will be obvious on inspection.<..."
"***INVESTORS!!!***
***6 BED HMO!!!*** Set in a popular location this fantastic investment opportunity of a six bedroom HMO fully tenanted until August 2022, fully licensed and compliant and generating an income of £25,920 per annum, Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which..."
"- Two bedroom duplex apartment
- River side unit
- Located on floors 2 and 3 - 1259 sqft
- Views of Liverpool's iconic waterfront - Entrance via reception room on duplex
- Buy this exact apartment today"
"LYONS ESTATES are delighted to offer FOR SALE this stunning three bedroom extended family home. The property is situated within a very short walking distance of Crosby and Waterloo, therefore providing a great selection of local shops, independent boutiques and cafes. You will also find family-fr..."
"Introducing the Cobbler, a beautiful new home comprising an integral garage, open-plan kitchen/dining area with french doors to the rear garden, a utility room, and an en suite to bedroom 1. "
"Park View – Apartment 8 - £310,995 Park View is a collection of nine luxury apartments in what is regarded as one of the most prestigious locations in Liverpool. A short walk to the popular Allerton Manor golf course, with its array of restaurants, bars and the renowned nine hole..."
"The Blundellsands Classic is a highly sought after development and offers luxury retirement living. The development offers a range of facilities including an on site restaurant, guest suites and laundry room to name a few. This is a truly unique offering and ideal for anyone looking ..."
If you’re looking for your perfect forever home then look no further! Whitegates are delighted to bring to the market this STUNNING FOUR BEDROOM detached family home which has been upgraded throughout by its current owners. Spooner Avenue sits within one of L21's most sought afte...
"We are delighted to welcome to the market this three bedroom detached property that is situated within an gated community in The Orchard, Huyton. In brief the property comprises of entrance porch, storage cupboard housing the boiler, w/c, lounge, kitchen/dining room and orangery to the ground flo..."
"Attention investors! Venmore are delighted to bring to the market this three -bedroom mid terrace property set over two floors. Converted for use as student rental. The property currently achieves £1,560pcm and is rented until June 2023."
"ABODE are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom semi detached property located in the popular community of Bowring Park, L16. The property itself comprises porch, entrance hall, down stairs WC, good sized lounge, open plan family room/dining area/kitchen, all to the ground floor. "
"A rare opportunity to purchase this beautifully positioned and generous town house, situated in a highly sought after and popular residential location within Formby. Being served by a wealth of amenities and surrounded by plentiful green space. "
"- New Residential Development - 2 Bedroom Apartment
- Located on 2nd Floor
- Brunswick and City views
- 967 sqft
- 0.2 Miles from Brunswick Train Station
- Reserve your Apartment today"
"Inside The Woodbury you'll discover a spacious lounge and open plan/kitchen diner. There is plenty of practical surface and storage space.
Take a look upstairs and you'll find a double bedroom, 2 singles and a family bathroom. The main bedroom provides you with plenty of space to get ready in the..."
A  great opportunity to purchase this stunning 3 bed semi detached property  Offering spacious accommodation which is wonderfully modern and finished to a fantastic quality throughout. Contributing to its stylish finish are its spacious contemporary kitchen and bright new fitted k...
"Set in a sought after location this attractive four bedroom semi-detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance porch, hallway, a lovely lounge which has a ..."
New to the market this well presented three bedroom family home in the popular area of Maghull.  To the ground floor a bright welcoming entrance hall has doorways leading to a front living room/study also the rear spacious living room and open plan kitchen/dining area. The kitch...
"
***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED!!!***
***FANTASTIC LOCATION!!*** Set in a fantastic position this attractive Three Bedroom Semi Detached home provides excellent living space with quality fittings and tasteful décor throughout. Perfect for first time buyers or families, this attractive property has a g..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this beautifully positioned and generous Semi detached home, situated in a highly sought after and popular residential location within Formby. Being served by a wealth of amenities and surrounded by plentiful green space. "
"- New Residential Development - 2 Bedroom Apartment
- Located on 1st Floor
- Brunswick & City Views
- Large Balcony
- 961 sqft
- 0.2 Miles from Brunswick Train Station
- Reserve your Apartment today"
"Award-winning residential apartments offering assured 7% net rental returns. These investments come fully managed by an expert management company.Price start from £89,995 and provide a hands-off investment experience for buy to let investors. A4"
"This lovely three bedroom extended mid terrace property, located on the ever popular and sought after Rose Lane in Mossley Hill, L18, has arrived at the sales market. Boasting charm and character, this delightful property offers generous living proportions and is well presented throughout. In b..."
Chain Free - Can Be Sold Vacant - Three Bedroom Apartment - Underground Allocated Parking - En-Suite To Master Bedroom - Outdoor Terrace - Lift Access - Excellent Transport Routes
No Chain! Venmore Estate Agents are presenting a rare opportunity to purchase a detached bungalow within a highly desirable location.
Looking for a home in the heart of Calderstones? Venmores Estate Agents are delighted to present to the sales market this three bedroom terrace home in Verdala Park.
"SEMI DETACHED EXTENDED HOUSE ON THE POPULAR LAKES ESTATE, SPACIOUS FAMILY SIZED ACCOMMODATION, FOUR GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, KITCHEN AND UTILITY ROOM, LOVELY ENCLOSED GARDEN TO THE REAR, DOUBLE WIDTH DRIVE AND GARAGE. BE QUICK! This semi detached house makes an ideal family hom..."
"**NO CHAIN** Located only a short walk from the desirable Crosby village within close proximity to schools, shops and restaurants, lies this tastefully presented 3 bedroom property making this an ideal home for growing families. The accomodation is bright and spacious throughout, where moder..."
"Set in a fantastic position this delightful three bedroom home provides excellent living space completed to a high standard with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a w.c. a lovely lounge ..."
Looking for a family home in the heart of Childwall? Venmores Estate Agents are delighted to present to the sales market this extended three-bedroom semi-detached home on Rimmer Avenue.
"Cameron Mackenzie are pleased to offer for sale this detached property situated in an exclusive gated development in Huyton with all the amenities of Huyton Village nearby. The accommodation briefly comprises of porch, entrance hall, ground floor WC, utility cupboard, lounge, dining kitchen (cont.)"
"Venmores are delighted to present to the sales market this four bedroom character home on Arundel Avenue, L17."
"- Two bedroom duplex apartment
- Dockside facing unit
- Located on floors 1 and 2 - 1141 sqft
- Views of Liverpool's iconic waterfront including the Liver Building - Entrance via kitchen lounge situated on duplex
- Buy this exact apartment today"
"Inside The Woodbury you'll discover a brightly lit entrance which leads into your spacious lounge, where you'll find plenty of room for the family to relax after a busy day. Move into the open plan/kitchen diner and you'll find plenty of practical surface and storage space, perfect for the culina..."
"Set in a sought after location this attractive three bedroom home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance porch, a lounge which has a front facing aspect leading to..."
"LIVERPOOL HAS RECORDED A 535% GROWTH IN DEMAND FOR SERVICED ACCOMMODATION IN THE LAST 2 YEARS... no.1 Hatton Garden is a former office building that is soon to be transformed into a luxury city cent residential apartments. Perfect for young professionals and couples, each apartment will radiate a..."
"Introducing the Lymner, a stunning double fronted home featuring a detached single garage, dual-aspect living room, open-plan kitchen / dining area with utility and an en suite to bedroom 1. "
We are delighted to introduce this spacious three bedroom semi detached home situated in the popular area of Hunts Cross. This well presented property offers spacious and modern living. 
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to offer for sale this well planned and presented semi-detached family home. To the ground floor the entrance hall offers access into a generous living room, with interconnecting access into the bright fitted family kitchen area with Velux windows. There is an additio..."
"EXCELLENT VALUE FOR MONEY!!! Property Perspective are delighted to be able to present to you this beautifully presented and maintained 3 bedroom semi-detached house, situated in the popular area of Childwall. Benefiting from a spacious extension to the rear, modern sophisticated decor throughout ..."
Churchill Sales & Lettings are pleased to offer for sale this well presented two double bedroom ground floor apartment with direct access to a patio area. The apartment consists of a Living Room with a feature fireplace and a patio door to the patio. The modern kitchen comes ...
"We are proud to offer this Six Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED. *Guide Price £305,000 - £345,000*"
Are you searching for a beautifully presented family home in the heart of L16? This extended three bedroom semi-detached home is brought to the sales market by Venmore Estate Agents.
"With its DORMER WINDOW and door canopy, the Rolland has an INSTANT CHARM that is exemplified by its exciting EN-SUITE principal bedroom, a retreat of immense character that is entered via its own private staircase."
** Sought After South Liverpool Location ** Beautiful Family Home ** Close To Good Schools ** Recently Decorated & New Carpets ** Spacious Rear Garden with Patio Area ** Wooden Floors Throughout ** No Onward Chain ** Fitted Bedroom Furniture To Master And Second Bedroom ** Garage and Driveway Pa...
"SECLUDED VILLAGE LIVING AT ITS BEST... A HIDDEN GEM... HISTORY OOZING THROUGH THE VEINS OF THE PROPERTY... Set in the heart of West Derby Village within walking distance of shops, bars, restaurants and transport links. The beautiful County Park is a stones throw away which makes t..."
Liverpool city centre Apartments: Lucrative buy to let apartments in highly popular Knowledge Quarter investment zone in Liverpool.A42
"Set in a popular location this delightful three bedroom semi-detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a lovely lounge which has a front facing..."
"BERKELEY SHAW are delighted to bring to the market a semi-detached 3 bedroom home that is situated on a quiet cul de sac, just a short distance from Crosby Village. The property is spacious and offers a kitchen and two reception rooms. On the first floor, there are three bedrooms, a family bathro..."
"Liverpool city centre commercial district apartment, completed, tenanted and fully managed. Priced from £139,995 with 7% net rental returns.B883"
"A beuatifully presented garden fronted and extended 3 bedroom bay fronted semi detached situated on a sought after road close to local amenities, popular schools and transport links. In brief this stunning family home comprises; bright and welcoming entrance hallway, bay fronted dining ro..."
"Whitegates Woolton have the pleasure of marketing this mature family home located on Haileybury Road, within ever popular Woolton Village location - added benefit of no chain delay."
"*Guide Price: £300,000 +. Public Auction : Wednesday, 05 April 2023 at , Virtual Livestream Online Auction GET READY TO BID BY VISITING THE AUCTIONEERS WEBSITE GUIDE PRICES & RESERVE PRICES Guide Price
An indication of the seller’s current minimum acceptable price at auct..."
"**PRICE REDUCTION WAS £325,000 - NOW OFFERS OVER £300,000** Sutton Kersh are delighted to bring to the market this 'No Chain' five/six bedroom extended semi-detached property. If you are looking for a large family home with many original features then look no further! In ..."
** Spacious Semi Detached Home ** Perfect Family Home ** Beautiful Well Manicured Rear Garden ** Full Of Character & Charm With Original Features Retained ** Located In The Sought After Area Of Aigburth ** **FULLY AVAILABLE** No Onward Chain ** Double Glazing & Gas Central Heating ** Close T...
"NO CHAIN. Purplebricks are pleased to welcome this four bed semi detached property to the market. Located on a quiet cul de sac, within a stones throw away from excellent surrounding schools as well as sitting right next to a park this property would be perfect for any family. The downstairs of..."
"Move Residential is pleased to offer for sale this five bedroom HMO property located on Jubilee Drive in Kensington, L7.An ideal investment opportunity, the property has recently undergone an extensive renovation throughout and is currently fully let out to five students, achieving an attractive ..."
"We are delighted to welcome to the market this four bedroom detached property that is offered with a tenant in situ and being sold to investors only currently achieving £1000pcm. In brief the property comprises of entrance hall, lounge, dining room, conservatory, kitchen and utility room to..."
"Entwistle Green are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented three double bedroom first floor apartment in the stunning and popular development Chancery House. With a striking Flemish Gothic architecture style, Chancery House has been a landmark building in Liverpool for over 100 ye..."
"Spacious detached property situated off Muirhead Avenue a popular residential location in the suburb of West Derby.  The area holds great historical interest as well as modern amenities including bars, a selection of fine restaurants and local superstore shopping"
"This property is offered through Modern Method of Auction. Should you wish to view call Sutton Kersh are delighted to market this amazing refurbished property. The accommodation to the ground floor comprises; entrance vestibule, lower hallway, large living/dining space with desi..."
New to the market with Strike is this well-presented extended three-bedroom family home in West Derby Liverpool. 62 Alvanley Road is a modernised and extended three-bedroom semi-detached house situated in the desirable area of West Derby in Liverpool. This property offers spacious and stylish ...
"Located on Bleasedale Road in the highly desirable and ever popular suburb of Mossley Hill, L18, is this tastefully presented and generously sized three bedroom semi detached family home, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Upon entering the property, yo..."
"****WATCH OUR VIDEO TOUR TO WHET YOUR APPETITE**** Abode are delighted to offer for sale this superbly presented three bedroom semi-detached family home situated in a highly sought after L23 location. With a range of amenities in close proximity such as shops, supermarkets, excellent tra..."
"Set in a popular location this delightful south facing three bedroom semi detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a lovely lounge/dining room..."
"Situated on Blenheim Road in the desirable suburb of Mossley Hill, L18, is this lovely three bedroom end terrace property, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. This larger style property boasts a wealth of charm and character, enjoying well proportioned roo..."
"Cameron Mackenzie are delighted to offer for sale this well presented detached property situated in a sought after location in Huyton, ideal for the railway network and all the amenities of Huyton Village. The accommodation briefly comprises of entrance porch, lounge, dining room, conservat (cont.)"
"Entwistle Green are proud to present this nicely extended semi detached property located on the ever popular Moss Pits Lane. This area is highly sought after, benefitting from excellent local schooling and easy access to shops and bus links. Allerton Road is also within easy reach offering furthe..."
"Fabulous Manhattans, one and two-bedroom apartments in a prime Liverpool location. Benefit from 7% rental yields and significant growth with this unmissable investment opportunity. B62"
"£128 Million Baltic Triangle: Invest in buy to let property in Liverpool's prime Baltic Triangle regeneration zone. Earn up to 7% rental returns on low property prices starting from£139,995. A751"
" Located in the highly sought after Woolton area of L25, on Hillfoot Green, is a substantial three bedroom semi detached family home which has arrived at the sales market through Move Residential. Upon entering, the generous reception hallway leads on to the two reception rooms; a bright dining ..."
Ground-breaking low-carbon Liverpool apartments 80m from Royal Liverpool University Hospital with 8% rental return. A40
"Baltic Triangle Apartments: New residential buy to let apartments offering 7% rental return, located within the £128 million Baltic Triangle zone, just minutes' walk from the £5.6 billion Liverpool Waters masterplan. A668"
Sutton Kersh are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached house. The property briefly comprises; a welcoming reception hall with access into a formal lounge with patio doors opening onto the rear garden. A modern fitted dining kitchen boasts patio door...
"A  great opportunity to purchase this stunning 3 bedroom, suitably extended semi-detached property situated in the popular l20 area the accommodation which is wonderfully modern and finished to a fantastic quality throughout offers fantastic spaciouse family living space  Contribu..."
Well presented recently built three bedroom semi detached family home in the highly desirable area of L25.
Centrally located below-market value apartments for the ideal hands-off investment. Offering 7% rental income for one year. A62
"Located on Menlove Avenue in within the sought after and ever popular suburb of Mossley Hill, L18, is this charming four bedroom double fronted semi detached family home - welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Although the property is in need of some updatin..."
"This spacious four bedroom home is set in a quiet cul-de-sac location right in the heart of Crosby and is being sold with no-ongoing chain. Located within walking distance to plenty of shops, bars, restaurants and transport links; you really are spoiled for choice when it comes to amen..."
"Move Residential is delighted to offer for sale this fabulous four bedroom mid terrace family home, ideally located on Colebrook Road in the popular residential area of Aigburth, L17. Having recently been renovated throughout to an exceptionally high standard and available for sale with no onwar..."
"Set in a fantastic position this attractive three bedroom detached home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a study/playroom, a lovely lounge which has..."
"Attention Investors! Do not miss this new launch in Liverpool with revolutionary buy to let apartments starting from just£90,000. A206"
Fully reconfigured and renovated throughout Entwistle Green are extremely proud to present this beautiful and extremely charming cottage style property set out perfectly over three floors. No expense has been spared and no stone left unturned with the renovation standards and viewing is highly re...
"View the floor plans for a uniqueassortment of Liverpool City Centre Manhattan, 1, 2 and3-bed apartments, providingbreath-taking waterfront views, and prices from just £129,995! A785"
Reeds Rains are delighted to offer for sale this fantastic investment opportunity situated on Walton Lane in Liverpool! The property is in need of some refurbishment but occupies a huge plot on a main route into Liverpool City Centre. The sizeable detached property offers significant investment o...
"This lovely, two bed detached bungalow is situated in a sought-after part of Hightown, and within easy walking distance of the train station, beach and village amenities. Offered for sale with no onward chain, this property has been extended to the rear and offers spacious living accommodation, a..."
"Beautiful five/six bedroom property currently holding a HMO License in the sought after area of Wavertree close to great local amenities, road links and train station making this an ideal family home or great investment for a HMO Landlord. VIEWING HIGHLY ADVISED as this is great yield property. E..."
Offered with no chain This thoughtfully extended three bedroom semi offers generous family accommodation In need of some refurbishment and redecoration which has been more than reflected within the asking price Internal inspection is strongly recommended to truly appreciate the full potential
"Enquire today for our FREE info pack, as the development projects unmatched6% rental returns, and annual rental incomes starting from £8,697! A1049"
"£128 Million Baltic Triangle: Invest in buy to let property in Liverpool's prime Baltic Triangle regeneration zone. Earn up to 7% rental returns on low property prices starting from£139,995 A759"
Completed Buy to Let Apartment: Invest in completed and tenanted residential apartments in one of Liverpool business district's most historic buildings. Apartments have been refurbished to create modern living spaces.A893
"Move Residential are pleased to offer for sale this exceptionally well presented four bedroom semi detached property, ideally located on Stamfordham Drive in the desirable and popular suburb of West Allerton, L19. This delightful home briefly comprises; a welcoming entrance hallway, a bright an..."
"This stunning family home has recently undergone a series of renovations and has been finished to a high standard throughout. Located in a quiet crescent in Crosby, within the vicinity are plenty of shops, bars, restaurants and transport links. This property is also placed ideally for..."
"Karen Parks @ Berkeley Shaw is delighted to offer for sale with 'NO CHAIN' this completely reconfigured and comprehensively upgraded three bedroomed semi-detached true bungalow. The property is situated in a popular residential location and is within close proximity to local transport routes, sc..."
"***WHAT A PROPERTY! TRULY UNIQUE 3 BED EXTENDED COTTAGE*** ***CHECK OUT THE VIDEO*** North Wall are over the moon to market this outstanding property! Originally a small cottage, the current owners have transformed it into a one of a kind house with annexe, bespoke kitchen with top of the range..."
"Entwistle Green are delighted to introduce for sale this delightful beautifully presented and extended cottage. Situated on a substantial plot which would lend itself for further development (subject to planning permission), in the semi-rural location of Lydiate, close to local shops, schools, tr..."
"ARE YOU LOOKING TO INVEST? Urban Evolution are pleased to offer to the market this studio apartment located within the Baltic area, Liverpool City Centre."
"This stunning three bedroom, extended family home has recently had a series of renovations throughout and is ideal for any buyers wishing to live in a quiet cul-de-sac location. WIthin the vicinity are plenty of shops, bars, restaurants and transport links. There are also a handful of ..."
"Situated on a sought after cul de sac in West Derby, Sutton Kersh are proud to offer for sale this four bedroom detached family home occupying a large corner plot. The property has been well maintained by its current owners and is truly a rare opportunity. In brief, the property internally compri..."
New to the market this lovely detached property is situated in a sought-after postcode L25.  The property is nicely presented throughout with many features with two double bedrooms and a further single bedroom making this an ideal family home. From the main entran...
"Viewing is essential to fully appreciate this charming grade ll listed, slate and thatched roof semi-detached cottage which still retains numerous original features and enjoys a delightful good size south facing rear garden. This unique and quirky property has potential to extend (subject to t..."
"** GUIDE PRICE OF £300,000 TO £325,000 ** ** DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN **  Set in the sought-after area of Tarbock, tucked away in a quiet cul de sac, is this beautifully presented, four-bedroom detached property, an ideal home for growing families..."
"UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY! THE ONLY BUNGALOW ON THE FIELDINGS DEVELOPMENT. DETACHED SPACIOUS BUNGALOW ON CORNER PLOT. WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT. THREE BEDROOMS, WITH MASTER ENSUITE SHOWER. CONSERVATORY. ENCLOSED, PRIVATE GARDENS. GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY. BE QUICK! Being the only detached bungalow on this s..."
"Marshall Property are delighted to offer for sale this substantial 6 bedroom HMO for sale in Rawlins Street, L6."
"Enquire today for our FREE info pack, as the development projects unmatched 7% rental returns, and annual rental income starting from £10,500! A729"
"Maximum growth opportunity! Grade II listed mill investments from £139,995. A1048"
"Start generating income straight away with these fully completed apartments in Liverpool's top regeneration area available from £89,995. In proximity to the £2 billion Knowledge Quarter, these are below market value property investments in a high-demand residential/studentarea.A848"
"We are delighted to bring to the sales market this immaculate four bedroom extended detached property situated in the quiet location of Haslington Grove, L26. The property is close to local amenities and has excellent transport links to the motor ways and John Lennon Liverpool airport."
"A beautiful opportunity to purchase this tastefully refurbished and sympathetically extended mid terraced property situated in a highly sought after and popular residential location of Woolton Village, being served by a wealth of amenities and surrounded by open green space. "
"Brand-new, fully complete, and tenanted, buy to let apartments in Liverpool. Prices start from £139,995 with 6% rental return. Enquire Now! A1080"
"An attractive opportunity to purchase his well proportioned and positioned semi detached family residence, situated in a highly sought after and popular residential location within Childwall, offering attractive accommodation set over two floors."
Below Market Value: Limited residential apartments available with 7%rental return in Liverpool's emerging regeneration zone of the Baltic Triangle. The development has been completed to the highest of standards. A147
"Located on School Drive - accessed via Lightoaks Drive in Halewood, L26, is this modern three bedroom detached family home, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Immaculately presented throughout and enjoying generous living proportions, this wonderful prope..."
"Sutton Kersh is delighted to bring to the market this large extended semi-detached which could be extended further subject to the relevant planning being granted. The property has three double bedrooms and a large rear garden! Looking for a Village Location? Then look no further, this propert..."
"Located on South Station Road in the popular suburb of Gateacre, L25, is this well presented three bedroom extended semi detached family home, welcomed to the sales market courtesy of appointed agents, Move Residential. Enjoying generous living proportions and well presented throughout, this de..."
"A rare opportunity has arisen within the sales market to purchase this executive three bedroom second floor duplex apartment, situated within Carleton House - a stunning Victorian converted villa, located on Lyndhurst Road in Mossley Hill, L18. Accessed via a grand and well maintained communal ..."
"Sutton Kersh are delighted to bring to the market this three bedroom semi-detached character house. Situated in a highly sought after residential location. The property requires some upgrading, perfect for somebody to put their own stamp on. The property briefly comprises to the ground floor; wel..."
"NO CHAIN * A stylish two double bedroom apartment located at the Original Waterloo Warehouse and walking distance to Iconic Liverpool City Centre and located in the regenerating Northern Docks area of Liverpool. With Everton New Stadium at Bramley-Moore dock, Liverpool Waters and New Cruise T..."
" 'Straightforward Sales & Lettings'
- Three bedroom bungalow - Two bathrooms
- Two reception rooms - No Chain!
- Excellent local amenities - Excellent transport links
- Garage
- Rear garden "
"Set in a popular location this attractive three bedroom home provides excellent living space with quality fitments and tasteful décor throughout. Entering the property reveals fantastic accommodation which briefly comprises entrance hallway, a lovely lounge which has a front facing aspect and a ..."
"Entwistle Green are delighted to introduce for sale this delightful two bedroom detached true bungalow. Nestled in a quiet cul de sac location in Maghull, close to local shops, transport links and amenities. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, two bedrooms and a bath..."
"Are you looking for an apartment which boasts period features, a feel of opulence and offers fantastic views? This two bedroom duplex apartment located on Windermere Terrace L8 is brought to the sales market by Venmore Estate Agents. "
ONLY 25% DEPOSIT REQUIRED! Our FREE floor plans for this 16-storey complex let you see the apartments for yourself - as well as the rooftop terrace and fully equipped gym inside the building! A784
"Brand-new, fully complete, and tenanted, buy to let apartments in Liverpool. Prices start from £139,995 with 6% rental return. Enquire Now! A1079"
"£150 Million Regeneration Zone: The area has received 80,000 square feet of new retail units just minutes away from Poet's Place. Apartment prices start at £89,995 with8% rental returns. Start earning straight away! B842"
"Quality doesn't have to be complicated. Sometimes, the simplest things have an undeniable elegance and charm, as you'll discover in the beautifully laid out Letchworth. Simple lines make the most of the space, while inspired designs let the life and light flow freely through the heart of ..."
*** BEAUTIFULLY DESIGNED LUXURY 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT *** SITUATED IN THE HEART OF SOUGHT AFTER WOOLTON VILLAGE *** GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT BENEFITING FR...
"The Baxter has three bedrooms - one of which features an en suite - a contemporary bathroom, an open-plan kitchen, dining area and family area, and an integral garage."
"Buy to Let Opportunity: Luxury residential apartment located in stunning, historic building, just 1 minute from Royal Liver Buildings in Liverpool City Centre. Invest from £114,950 and receive 7% rental returns fully with your investment.A891"
"Luxury Liverpool investment. For 7% yields and strong growth, don't miss this off-plan opportunity led by an industry-leading developer. A61"
"PRICE INCREASE IMMINENT - Enquire today to save thousands before the price increase. Prices increasing up to £15,000.A1047"
"Enquire today for our FREE info pack, as the development projects unmatched 7% rental returns, and annual rental income starting from £8,747! A728"
"Investment Opportunity: Mere minutes from Liverpool Central Station and Liverpool Lime Street, get your FREE info pack today for this striking skyscraper development with eco features. A1046"
High Capital Growth Investments: Residential apartments located in a high capital growth zone where up to 24% appreciation is projected by 2024. Also earn 7% rental return in Liverpool city centre in a multi-income opportunity. A758
"Completed Buy to Let Apartment: Invest in completed and tenanted residential apartments in one of Liverpool business district's most historic buildings! Apartments have been refurbished to create modern living spaces. Invest from just £114,950. A892"
Ground-breaking low-carbon Liverpool apartments 80m from Royal Liverpool University Hospital with 7% rental return. A205
"Peter Anthony are pleased to bring to the market FOR SALE this six bedroom student property, just a short walk from Liverpool City Centre. Situated on Paul Street, off Vauxhall Road, this area is undergoing massive redevelopment makingthis a fabulous investment opportunity for anyone wantin..."
The Ashop is built with the family firmly in mind - every aspect perfectly planned to cater to your needs. Open-plan kitchen/diner/family room with integrated appliances* Light enhancing Skylight windows & French doors Separate living room with feature bay window Master bedroom with l...
Earn 7% rental returns to make high rental income on luxury city centre apartments by one of Liverpool's most experienced developers of residential property. A146
"Park View – Apartment 1 - £299,995 Park View is a collection of nine luxury apartments in what is regarded as one of the most prestigious locations in Liverpool. A short walk to the popular Allerton Manor golf course, with its array of restaurants, bars and the renowned nine hole..."
"Park View – Apartment 4 - £299,995 Park View is a collection of nine luxury apartments in what is regarded as one of the most prestigious locations in Liverpool. A short walk to the popular Allerton Manor golf course, with its array of restaurants, bars and the renowned nine hole..."
"Baltic Triangle Apartments: New residential buy to let apartments offering 7% rental return, located within the £128 million Baltic Triangle zone, just minutes' walk from the £5.6 billion Liverpool Waters masterplan.A666"
"Get excellent offers on properties close toLiverpool waterfront. These high-quality, luxury buy to let apartments are ideally located in the city centre and provide investors with 7% rental returns. A667"
