Summary
"GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000
Set within this ever popular location is this two bedroom, two bathroom apartment. Ideally located within close proximity to Romford town centre & station and also has the added benefit of allocated parking"
"An exceptional exclusive five bedroom apartment for sale in this much sought after development in Knightsbridge. The entire floor is approximately 9,000 sq. ft. and designed to the highest specifications with stunning views over Knightsbridge and Hyde park."
"Ref. LOB0798 - Set behind a gated Belgravia driveway, Lygon Place is a magnificent Grade II listed 13,935 sq.ft mansion, with connecting mews house, was designed by David Collins Studio. With bespoke interiors, the seven bedroom mansion is the largest house on Lygon Place, and comprises four g..."
"This stunning 12 bedroom (including 3 staff bedrooms), 18 bathrooms Mayfair mansion. The mansion includes 5 large living rooms, 2 kitchens, 2 kitchenettes, library, gym, garden/terrace, 4 dressing rooms and a lovely roof terrace all spread across 6 floors. The approximate size of the property is ..."
"A rare opportunity to own this unique, contemporary mansion in Kensington."
Ref. LOB0625 - This striking and unique house was designed and constructed by Spink Partners as a private commission for the current owner and is contemporary in style and over 60ft wide. This was one of Spink's flagship schemes within Central London and the resulting family home is flo...
"Exceptional laterally converted double house situated in the heart of the De Vere Conservation Area. Located on one of the best roads in Kensington, this imposing double house extends to more than 54ft / 16m in width, offering lateral living so often requested but so hard to find in central Lond..."
"A truly exeptional low- built 7 bedroom mansion, with private gated drive-in courtyard tucked away in the heart of Mayfair. Offering over 12,960 sq ft of unique lateral luxury living."
"An elegant stone-dressed, red-brick, five-storey grade II listed mansion house. Double-fronted Edwardian facade with arts & crafts style detailing and french-inspired fine iron railings. Home to politicians and celebrities."
A majestic and luxurious Grade II listed building in the heart of Mayfair.
"A very rare find this luxurious circa 11000 SQF house in the heart of Westminster. Features
7 bedroom suites
5 reception rooms Gym
Lift
Swimming pool, jacuzzi
Terrace with stunning views of Houses of Parliament
For more information get in touch."
"Ref. - This exquisite recently modernised family home presents spacious and contemporary interiors filled with natural light. The luxurious 6-bedroom residence on Tregunter Road, one of Chelsea’s most prestigious streets, boasts a host of amenities, a south-facing garden. The principal bedroo..."
"Considered to be the archetypical London mansion, this exceptional Mayfair mansion sits in the heart of central London. In excess of 8,300 sq ft, the sensitive modernisation of the six-bedroom townhouse included the creation of a wellness suite on the lower ground floor, complete with swimming pool."
"Luxurious Grade II listed house with private gated drive-in courtyard, underground parking, swimming pool and separate staff accommodation, for sale in the heart of Mayfair, W1J In the heart of exclusive Mayfair, this majestic and luxurious Grade II listed property provides unique lateral living..."
"Located on a sought-after road in the heart of Highgate and occupying a two-acre site, a bespoke family home with the accommodation predominantly arranged over three floors with the benefit of a substantial, self-contained staff lodge. The luxurious entrance hall of this stunning home has a glass..."
"The Cloister are pleased to present this stunning three bedroom apartment located in Knightsbridge, One Hyde Park, a prestigious and much sought-after location."
"Luxury Penthouse in the heart of Mayfair. Overlooking Green park and in close to Hyde Park, Sloane Street, Buckingham Palace. The residence spans 5,068sqft across the entire fourth floor of the building. It includes a grand foyer, a reception
hall, a master bedroom with his and her dressin..."
"An elegant fronted house providing over 9,000 sq.ft. of stylish and luxurious rooms. This property is in immaculate and pristine condition, offering spacious rooms over its seven floors, with the benefit of a lift serving all the main floors. Currently, the lower ground floor consists of a recept..."
7 Bedroom house in one of Knightsbridge's most exclusive streets
"An Ambassadorial Grade l Listed family home (510 sq. m / 5,490 sq. ft.) with spectacular views facing onto the swan and boating lake within Regents Park. Originally designed by John Nash in 1811, a renowned architect, this stunning family home has been completely restored to the absolute highest ..."
"A magnificent, exceptionally well presented six bedroom freehold town house situated in the heart of Belgravia, moments away from Knightsbridge. "
Incredible investment opportunity to acquire four state of the art apartments in the heart of Mayfair
The most eagerly awaited residential development to be formed in Marylebone over recent decades.Nestled in the absolute epicentre of Marylebone Village only a stones throw from the much lauded and admired Marylebone High Street quarter
"An outstanding 6 bedroom freehold house by K10 Group, with swimming pool and entertainment room, for sale in Mayfair W1K. A newly constructed Mayfair house, a project by K10 Group, of 8,060 sq ft, is situated in an enviable location just off Park Lane. Finished to a high specification, with luxu..."
"Offering six bedrooms, six bathrooms, three reception rooms, gym, swimming pool, club room, bar area, wine and cigar room, staff quarters, and a lift to access all six floors and the entire floor plate totalling 8,060 sq ft."
This 3 bedroom semi-detached house presents modern accommodation within reach of excellent amenities and green parks. It showcases a spacious and stunning interior complemented by fashionable finishes and 2 patios.
Are you looking for the ultimate family home? Then look no further than this six bedroom detached house offered to the market in excellent condition and no onward chain!
"A freehold home that gives you everything you could want from a Belgravia sanctuary. That means a high-specification build and finishes, contemporary spaces with architectural flourishes, family-friendly living, and your own attached mews house."
"A beautiful newly constructed Mayfair mansion of 8,060 sq ft, situated in an enviable location just off Park Lane."
"A newly constructed, wide, low-build freehold house with 6 bedrooms, garden, lift and swimming pool located just off Park lane."
"Ref. LOB0718 - A newly constructed Mayfair house, a project by K10 Group, of 8,060 sq ft, is situated in an enviable location just off Park Lane. Finished to a high specification, with luxurious and bespoke interiors, the house offers endless entertaining space and spectacular health and fitne..."
"A newly constructed Mayfair Mansion, designed by K10 Group, of 8,060 sq ft, situated in an enviable location just off Park Lane."
"Bespoke Mayfair home in enviable location inspired by the finest British design, architecture, and finishes"
An exceptional town house in immaculate condition overlooking a stunning Knightsbridge garden square.
"An exquisite ten bedroom home, located on one of central London's most prestigious and sought after garden squares This elegant Freehold house has been virtually re-built behind it's period façade, with spectacular results. Of particular note, are the incredible first floor drawing room with ba..."
Impressive lateral apartment with extensive views over Regent's Park.
"Penthouse overlooking Regent's Park, NW1. Private and prestigious, commanding views over 487 acres of royal parkland and gardens, the property was built originally in 1875, and has been carefully restored and completely refurbished to provide one of the largest lateral penthouse apartments o..."
"An extremely rare opportunity to purchase a magnificent, Grade I listed, Regency styled property in one of London’s most prestigious locations. The property, spread across 9,213 sq ft, is offered in shell condition with the benefit of Planning Permission, Listed Building and Crow..."
"This is a unique off market opportunity to acquire one of the finest residences near Buckingham Palace, offering accommodation in excess of 10,000sqft. The property is arranged over 5 floors with lift and 5 generous suites with a further 2 bedrooms and staff quarters."
"A substantial period freehold house with a large rear garden, backing onto and with direct access to Primrose Hill park. The house benefits from meaningful planning permission to create an outstanding family residence extending to 10,634 sq ft/988 sq m. Set behind a carriage driveway, ..."
A period house with a large rear garden and with direct access to Primrose Hill park.
"A substantial period freehold house with a large rear garden, backing on to and with direct access to Primrose Hill park. The house benefits from a meaningful planning permission to further enhance this residence to 10,634 sq ft.
This home is offered to the market for the first time in over 40 y..."
"An extremely rare opportunity to purchase two adjoining unmodernised Grade I listed houses in one of London's most prestigious locations. The properties provide 9,213 sq f/ 856 sq m of accommodation and are offered in shell condition with the benefit of Planning Permission, Listed Bu..."
"This impressive six bedroom family house offers excellent entertaining space, including a large drawing room with access onto a west-facing terrace, with steps down to a large west-facing garden. In addition the house has off-street parking."
An exceptional freehold redevelopment opportunity located on one of London’s most prestigious streets.
"An exceptional six bedroom house for sale on a highly sought-after road. An outstanding double-fronted, detached villa with wonderful proportions on this sought-after Holland Park road. The house has been exceptionally well arranged over only four floors (non-basement) with a good balance of op..."
"Three duplex apartments comprising one whole building on Eaton Square, south facing, with a unique lease of 999 years from Christmas 1930. Classic 1820s Thomas Cubit designed Regency building with spectacular high ceilings on the ground and first floors, and period features throughout. Balconi..."
"Ref. LOB0777 - A contemporary home on one of the most sought-after addresses in the world featuring impressive proportions, bespoke interiors and tranquil views. The main feature of the home is a dramatic double-height drawing room in addition to a mezzanine study area. The apartment benefits ..."
"AN EXCEPTIONAL WIDE FAMILY HOUSE, RECENTLY FULLY REFURBISHED WITH GRAND ENTERTAINING ROOMS, A PASSENGER LIFT, LARGE GARDEN AND MEWS WITH A DOUBLE GARAGE."
"Joint Sole Agent: This outstanding late Victorian (1890s) Freehold house, providing 7535 sq ft (700 sq metres) of accommodation, which was completely rebuilt internally to the highest standard and involving façade retention and the creation of two new sub-basements, culminating in eight st..."
"A rare pair adjoining six storey buildings, comprising of 17 modern apartments with period features, set in the heart of Marylebone. "
Barnard Marcus Sutton are thrilled to bring to the market this beautifully presented two bedroom ground floor apartment situated minutes from Sutton high street.
"Luxury development overlooking Kensington Palace Gardens, W8. A collection of 97 lateral and duplex apartments with views across Kensington Palace Gardens. Offering a variety of amenities including a 25 metre swimming pool, private resident's gym, business centre and secure parking. This delig..."
An exclusive five bedroom apartment overlooking Kensington Palace Gardens. 
"A RARE INVESTMENT OR BREAK-UP OPPORTUNITY IN THE HEART OF MARYLEBONE A rare pair of adjoining six storey buildings, comprising of 17 modern apartments with period features, set in the heart of Marylebone on Nottingham Place. APARTMENTS > 1 x Studio apartment"
"A substantial eight bedroom family house in prime central Kensington with approx. 12,415 of living and sleeping accommodation. Offered chain free by the sellers, this rare to market property caters for every need of the modern family. "
"This extraordinary, detached family home offers rare lateral living and entertaining space as well as garden and roof terrace"
"Primrose Hill is one of central London?s prettiest villages, offering the perfect mixture of green open spaces, a thriving local community and wonderful local places to eat, enjoy a coffee and get together with friends. With its mature trees and hedges, Wadham Gardens is a quiet leafy road..."
"A stunning Grade II listed triplex situated on one of the most exclusive squares in Knightsbridge, boasting high ceiling, exceptionally preserved period features and bespoke modern finishes."
"A stunning five bedroom triplex situated on one of the most exclusive squares in Knightsbridge, boasting high ceiling, grand proportions,exceptionally preserved period features and bespoke modern finishes. This truly impressive, highly modernised apartment offers luxury London living at its finest."
"Ref. LOB0790 - This magnificent Grade I listed house and mews house is enviably located on Hanover Terrace, directly opposite Regent’s Park and within walking distance of Marylebone and St John’s Wood.  Set over five floors Hanover Terrace offers generous living accommodation including..."
No Summary Provided
"Perfectly located in one of Regent’s Parks most sought after Nash Terraces is this stunning Grade I Listed house complete with uninterrupted views across Regent’s Park and the boating lake. Offering circa 6,000 sq ft of internal space including a separate mews house, this ..."
"A one of a kind terraced house designed by the acclaimed architect, John Nash. The seven-bedroom house is set back a stones throw from Regents Park. Located in arguably the most highly regarded of all of the historic Regents Park Nash Terraces is this stunning Grade I Listed house complete with u..."
"Experience the epitome of luxurious living with this magnificent mock Tudor Freehold house on the highly sought-after Herbert Crescent, located just steps away from the world-renowned Harrods department store."
"Rare to the market, a magnificent lateral apartment with its own street entrance, share of Freehold and glorious views over the gardens and tennis court of Cadogan Square."
"Ref. LOB0732 - 41-43 Beaufort Gardens is a unique collection of nine apartments, exquisitely designed by world-renowned Paris-based interior designer Pierre Yovanovitch and arranged across three 19th-century townhouses in the heart of vibrant Knightsbridge. One of London’s finest addresses, th..."
"A stunning Grade I listed house with uninterrupted views across Regent’s Park and the boating lake. Perfectly located in one of Regent's Parks' most sought-after Nash Terraces, is this stunning Grade I listed house, complete with uninterrupted views across Regent's Park and the boating lake. Of..."
"A one of a kind terraced house designed by the acclaimed architect, John Nash"
"The Cloister is proud to present this beautiful double fronted, fully furnished luxury house located in prestigious Knightsbridge, within walking distance to Harrods, and the fantastic shopping amenities of Knightsbridge High Street. This stunning property (over 5694 sq."
A magnificent and immaculately presented five bedroom Nash terrace family home arranged over 5 floors. Boasting a wealth of period features and benefitting from the latest security and home entertainment system centrally managed from an iPad. The 4/5 reception rooms offers excellent living space ...
"Rare to the market a magnificent lateral apartment with its own private street entrance, share of freehold and glorious views over the gardens and tennis court of Cadogan square. This outstanding west-facing apartment has been designed to a very high specification for the current owner..."
Magnificent five bedroom terrace family home arranged over five floors directly opposite the lakes of Regent's Park.
"This magnificent stucco fronted grade II Belgravia town house has been redesigned to the highest standard, has unique amenities and is situated on the most prestigious corner of Chester Square."
"A stunning, substantial property comprising two cross converted white stucco fronted freehold terraced houses made up of 14 self contained apartments. The apartments are arranged over garden, ground and five upper floors, totalling 12,575 square feet "
"A RARE RESIDENTIAL INVESTMENT OR BREAK-UP OPPORTUNITY IN PRIME KENSINGTON A rarely available cross-converted residential investment or break-up opportunity encompassing two stucco-fronted Victorian Freehold terraced houses comprising 14 apartments in Kensington, Lexham Gardens. "
This wonderfully light and bright home has the advantage of its own private balcony and a central location just off the world famous Kings Road
"A luxurious apartment on the third floor of this exceptional building located in the world renowned Grosvenor Square, Mayfair."
"Experience the ultimate luxury living at Twenty Grosvenor Square, a landmark development that seamlessly blends hotel services with private ownership, designed by the acclaimed Finchatton in collaboration with award-winning architects, Squire & Partners. Located in the heart of Mayfair, Londo..."
"Ref. LOB0602 - Palace Court presents an exceptional seven-bedroom redbrick house in the heart of prestigious Bayswater. Finished to the highest of standards throughout, this beautifully interior-designed furnished home boasts impressive room sizes with high ceilings and original cornici..."
"A fabulous 'Pont Street Dutch' red brick family home with spacious entertaining rooms, five bedrooms and six bathrooms in stunning condition, located in the heart of Knightsbridge."
"An outstanding and beautifully presented six bedroom family house, occupying approximately 8717 sq ft, with excellent entertaining space, a passenger lift and a garden."
"A Grade II listed, white stucco double fronted Italianate Villa, with a south facing garden"
This truly exceptional apartment located in the most sought after location is now available. The grand property boasts magnificent views of both Knightsbridge and Hyde Park. One Hyde Park is offering luxury London living at it's absolute finest.
"Family townhouse with private pool and lift in good order for sale in W8 This beautiful six bedroom house has been meticulously extended, designed and refurbished to provide superior living accommodation with up to the minute entertaining facilities. The house includes stunning features, such as..."
"Ref. LOB0728 - Eaton Place offers a large and beautifully presented family home situated in one of Belgravia’s most sought-after addresses. Arranged over six spacious floors with magnificent rooms of great proportions, high ceilings, and period features throughout. This wonderful home comprise..."
"A truly rare and unique opportunity to purchase one of London's finest and most imposing period homes, set within a 1 acre estate in the heart of Hampstead Village overlooking Hampstead Heath. This is the first time Squires Mount has been on the market for 50 years with the historical Grade II* L..."
"One of the great early Georgian houses of Hampstead set within a gated estate overlooking Hampstead Heath. A truly rare and unique opportunity to purchase one of London's finest and most imposing period homes, set within a 1 acre estate in the heart of Hampstead Village overlooking Hampstead Hea..."
A magnificent Chelsea family house that has been completely rebuilt behind the period façade by the current owners.
"Grovelands' is a hidden gem for people who prefer a private life and is approached via its own private road over Totteridge Common with electronically operated security gates giving access to the impressive Gate House which offers reception room, bedroom, kitchen and bathroom, private garden and ..."
"Newly refurbished and interior designed six bedrooms, five bathrooms freehold house. Situated in one of the most prestigious addresses in the centre of Knightsbridge. Internal area of 4,638 Sq Ft (431 Sq Meters), accommodation spans across six floors with an internal passenger ..."
"A seven bedroom detached house on a sizeable plot on The Bishops Avenue N2. This substantial family home measures approximately 13,924 sq ft and sits within a prominent 0.95 acre plot. The current house, which could benefit from refurbishment throughout, is set across three floors and offers ex..."
"A spectacular newly refurbished penthouse for sale in Belgravia, SW1 This stunning penthouse, spread over three floors provides contemporary living in a classical setting. Ideal for entertaining, this 6,164 sq ft penthouse spans across two buildings with direct lift access to all floors. There..."
"An exceptional five bedroom apartment with panoramic views of Hyde Park, arranged over 3,777 sq. Ft within a purpose built block."
"Ref. LOB0821 - This luxurious 6-bedroom home features state-of-the-art amenities and has been fully refurbished to the highest standard. The property comprises 4,638 sq ft of spacious, contemporary accommodation across six floors. All rooms of the property have been seamlessly interior-designe..."
"Regent's Crescent offers its residents a once-in-a-generation opportunity. This triplex four-bedroom apartment is located on the lower mezzanine, first, and upper mezzanine floors offering 4,200 sq ft of living space finished to the highest standard and beautiful views into the adjacent private ..."
"A six bedroomed home, with expansive living and entertaining space over 4 floors with luxurious interiors throughout with pool, gym, garage and lift. For sale in Mayfair, W1K This stunning house was once occupied by famous 1960s fashion photographer, Terence Donovan, and has recently undergone ..."
"A 4-bedroom triplex apartment with garden views, offering residents a once-in-a-generation lifestyle opportunity to live in a reimagined John Nash masterpiece."
Ref. LOB0739 - This spectacular five-bedroom home is located in the heart of Mayfair and has been recently renovated with exceptional finishings throughout. Bourdon Street presents expansive contemporary interiors including an impressive open-plan kitchen and dining area overlooked by a large ...
"A rare opportunity to acquire a portfolio of 4x adjoining Penthouse apartments totalling over 18,000 sqft together with multiple roof terraces. "
"Arranged over four floors, number one Lygon Place offers exceptional entertaining space and excellent family accommodation. The house was beautifully refurbished incorporating many original period features. "
"This lovely apartment on the ground floor features a stylish L-shaped kitchen with integrated appliances and a west facing terrace accessible from the open plan living/dining room. Your new home offers two spacious double bedrooms, the main bedroom with en suite shower room with additional bathr..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a magnificent freehold plot where planning consent (via an appeal) has been granted for the redevelopment (behind the existing façade) of a super mansion. The house is situated on a unique double width plot of circa 1 acre (4,050m²), one of the largest plots in this..."
A substantial detached house with carriageway driveway
"A substantial meticulously refurbished low-built detached residence (559sq m/6,018sq ft), set behind a deep carriage drive with electric gates and off street parking for four/five cars. The house is arranged over three floors only (non-basement) and provides outstanding well-planned family accomm..."
"Situated on the fourth floor of 1 Mulberry Square, this elegant four-bedroom residence offers generously proportioned living spaces, with stunning views over the gardens."
EXCLUSIVELY OFF-MARKET LUXURY APARTMENT FOR DISCERNING WORLD CLASS CLIENTELE . This Penthouse apartment is located in one of the most prestigious and highly sought after locations in Prime Central London with stunning views over Mayfair and Hyde Park.
"An unmodernised Freehold house, set back from the street with off street parking for two cars, a 51' garden and planning permission to extend to 6,887 square feet including a 25 metre swimming pool and passenger lift to every floor."
"An outstanding family house with a wonderful garden, located in one of the most sought-after areas in Kensington. A magnificent and immaculately presented semi-detached white stucco-fronted six bedroom family house positioned on this fabulous street in the heart of the much sought-after De Vere ..."
"3 bedroom lateral penthouse with a wrap-around terrace, located within boutique development Lancer Square."
"Rokstone are pleased to bring to the market this wonderful and substantial six bedroom duplex apartment measuring approximately 6,400 sq. ft in one of Knightsbridge`s most prestigious serviced buildings."
Garton Jones are delighted to offer to the market this exceptional 7 bedroom penthouse in one of London’s most sought after residential developments on the bank of the River Thames and Chelsea Bridge. Boasting uncompromised west facing views over Battersea Park from the 11th and 12th floors...
"A wonderful and substantial six bedroom duplex apartment measuring approximately 6,400 sq ft in one of Knightsbridge's most prestigious serviced buildings."
"Ref. LOB0801 - A wonderful and substantial six-bedroom duplex apartment measuring approximately 6,400 sq ft in one of Knightsbridge’s most prestigious serviced buildings. Created by the historical amalgamation of 4 flats, this expansive apartment is incredibly well suited to both comfortable f..."
"A new mansion of approximately 10,000 sq ft (929 sq m) designed and finished to an exemplary standard incorporating every conceivable facility and luxury. An impressive newly built mansion of approximately 10,000 sq ft (929 sq m) situated in the heart of one of the area's most sought aft..."
"A new mansion of approximately 10,000 sq ft (929 sq m) designed and finished to an exemplary standard incorporating every conceivable facility and luxury."
"Situated within one of London's most elegant and exclusive crescents is this exceptional Grade II Listed, late Regency, six storey freehold house with five bedrooms, a garden and a large roof terrace."
"A sensational 4,425 sq ft lateral apartment offering 24 hour concierge service, direct lift access and underground parking. "
"An impressive white stucco fronted family home for sale in Belgravia SW1 An impressive white stucco-fronted mid-terrace family home directly overlooking the communal gardens, with an integral double garage and roof terrace in Belgravia SW1. The house benefits from having five double bedroom sui..."
"This beautiful apartment in Chesham Place is a boutique private development in the heart of Belgravia, designed by Foster and Partners. The building houses only six apartments all with direct private lift access and formidable security throughout"
"This house is a rare combination of width and volume. Beautifully designed and built to the highest quality, there is an astonishing hall with 35' ceiling heights and a lift to all floors accessing a large terrace; garage and off-street parking."
"An exquisite 6 bedroom family home (7,387 sq ft / 686.3 sq m) discreetly nestled behind a secure gated entrance in St John's Wood NW8. An exquisite 6 bedroom family home (7387 sq ft / 686.3 sq m) discreetly nestled behind a secure gated entrance in a quiet residential enclave with outstanding s..."
"Ref. LOB0704 - Cannon Lane, in a quiet conservation area in the heart of Hampstead Village, London NW3, is a contemporary minimalist home designed by world-famous architect Claudio Silvestrin. Extending to approximately 7,940 sq ft (737 sq m), this 21st-century house fuses stunning inte..."
Six Bedroom Family Home Hidden Discreetly on one of St John’s Wood’s quietest roads
"Elite four bedroom Penthouse with astounding views over Jubilee Gardens, London Eye and the River Thames Set in one of London's most desirable riverside locations adjacent to Westminster and next to the London Eye, Southbank Place celebrates the rich history and heritage of its surroundings. Th..."
"This magnificent 4 bedroom apartment with en suite bathrooms, a study, utility room, parking, and a storage unit in the Corinthia Residences at 10 Whitehall Place is available for sale. Residents benefit from 24 hour concierge and access to facilities in the Corinthia Hotel incl. 24/7 room service"
"Set on a cobbled street moments from Covent Garden, this stunning 3 bedroom 4th floor apartment boasts a generous living space, contemporary kitchen, private terraces and access to a resident's lounge and cinema room."
"This fantastic 10th floor penthouse apartment has striking double heighted ceilings and nearly 4,000sqft of lateral living space, including a large West facing terrace."
"An outstanding Grade II listed townhouse with magnificent proportions, including a large garden and original mews house behind, which has been extensively redesigned and configured to create an exceptional family home with a double garage."
A well proportioned 3 bedroom penthouse apartment occupying the eighth floor of this new exclusive development by Concord London
"A magnificent and elegant, Grade II Listed stucco-fronted five bedroom house with benefit of a passenger lift in this highly sought after garden square which has been intelligently configured and meticulously refurbished throughout by the current owners to the highest standard, using the finest ..."
"An exceptional period house on Cheyne Walk with a connecting mews house. A Grade II listed townhouse, overlooking the river, that has been extensively refurbished and excellently interior designed to create an elegant and substantial London home. Comprising a total of six bedroom suites, the ma..."
"We are proud to bring to the market this exquisite Grade II listed Victorian freehold home in Montpelier Square. Having undergone a refurbishment this home offers glamorous, contemporary spaces, ideal for entertaining and stylish living in one of London?s most sought out locations."
London House is proud to bring to the market a superb family home on Hanover Terrace widely considered the finest of the Nash terraces in Regent’s Park.
Ref. LOB0826 - An exceptional Regency home which has been beautifully modernised whilst retaining the heritage features of the property. The sophisticated amalgamation of classic and contemporary design is evident throughout especially in the primary living areas with grand ceiling heights and...
"An outstanding 6 bedroom villa on the east side of St John's Wood, NW8. An iconic Grade II Listed lateral detached villa situated on one of the best plots in St John's Wood with an 80 ft x 70 ft south facing garden. The existing house measures approximately 5010 sq ft with consented planning pe..."
"A beautiful six bedroom family home with high ceilings and direct access onto communal gardens in Notting Hill. The house has been sympathetically refurbished to retain original features and offers generous living space, volume and natural light throughout."
London House is proud to bring to the market a superb end-of-terrace Grade I Listed house in Regent’s Park
"An outstanding Grade II* Listed house located in a unique setting within a private enclave in Regent’s Park. An outstanding Grade II* Listed house, designed by renowned architect Sir Ambrose Poynter and built in circa 1826-28 in a Gothic style, located in a unique setting of six period houses gr..."
"Ref. LOB0843 - This remarkable residence, listed as Grade II*, is a creation of the renowned architect Sir Ambrose Poynter, dating back to 1826-28. The property, constructed in a Gothic style, enjoys a unique location within a private enclave in Regent’s Park, comprising of six historic homes...."
"A substantial townhouse with roof terrace, for sale in the heart of Mayfair, W1J. This impressive, double-fronted Mayfair townhouse comprises approximately 6,900 square feet, with eight en suite bedrooms and two reception rooms. The property offers wonderful entertaining space and generous livi..."
"An impressive double-fronted house located in the heart of Mayfair. This substantial residence boasts a reception room of 60 foot, 8 ensuite bedrooms and a sizeable roof terrace."
"St. Katharine’s Precinct is a magnificent Grade II* listed house in Regent’s Park providing over 6,000 sq ft (557.42 sq m) of living space"
"A grand and imposing Grade II Listed house, with exceptional proportions and volume"
"Brand new exceptional residences in Kensington. This lateral four-bedroom apartment is located on the 5th floor offering 3,312 sq ft living space with views towards Kensington Gardens. This 4-bedroom family home is your own serene paradise within London with an open-plan living-dining room lead..."
"Introducing this incredibly rare and unique Penthouse with one of the best views in London. Set over the top two floors of Chelsea Creek Tower and comprising approx. 5,541 sq ft of internal space, panoramic views across London and a generously sized roof terrace with dining area and hot tub."
"Commissioned in the late 1970s under the supervision of the renowned architect, Igael Yarvitz, this contemporary penthouse unit comprising over 9,000 Sq Ft (843 SqM) of internal accommodation and arranged primarily over the two upper floors, has two private street entrances, a passenger lift and..."
"One of the finest period lateral apartments in Knightsbridge spanning 32 metres of the first floor of this classic building, with leafy views over Lowndes Square to the front and underground parking for two cars."
"A magnificent recently built detached home is for sale, set behind electronically operated gates behind a deep driveway, opposite the grounds of Kenwood House and the rolling green acres of Hampstead Heath. This substantial family home spanning 11,467 sq ft (1065.3 sq m) on a plot size o..."
"A Luxurious Lateral 4 Bedroom / 3 Bathroom Apartment, Spanning 2,736 Sq Ft / 254.18 Sq M, With A Full Length Balcony Presenting Stunning Hyde Park Views. 10 Lancelot Place is considered one of the most highly sought-after buildings in the area. The exclusive development benefits from a t..."
"The ONLY large river facing 6 bedroom Penthouse set on the Boiler House square of the Battersea Power Station which is currently being restored. This stunning 6 bedroom, 7 bathroom home offers generous amount of external space."
"A stunning two bedroom apartment with allocated parking set within St. David’s Square, E14. Comprising a bright living room with large south-east facing windows; a modern fitted kitchen suite with integrated appliances. Two spacious double bedrooms, master with fitted wardrobe space; plus a moder..."
"A contemporary six bedroom duplex penthouse for sale in the heart of Mayfair, W1K. This impressive, unmodernised apartment offers 4,590 sq ft of accommodation in a highly sought-after building with direct lift access. The spacious open plan kitchen/dining room boasts an abundance of natural ligh..."
Exceptional five bedroom penthouse apartment with a lift and the rarity of a roof terrace overlooking Hyde Park.
"In one of Knightsbridge's most exclusive luxury developments, this fabulous penthouse has been totally refurbished, interior designed and presented in a cool contemporary style incorporating the latest technology, beautiful materials and bespoke finishes. A stunning living/entertaining space lead..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a Grade II Listed Freehold house overlooking Mount Street Gardens. This palatial blue-plaque townhouse on South Street W1 is for sale for the first time in twenty years, the seven-storey 6,477 sq. Ft townhouse overlooking Mount Street Gardens was once the home of L..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a Grade II Listed freehold house overlooking Mount Street Gardens in Mayfair. This palatial blue-plaque townhouse on South Street is for sale for the first time in twenty years. The seven-storey 6,477 sq ft townhouse overlooking Mount Street Gardens was once the ho..."
"4 bedroom lateral apartment with two balconies, situated on the 5th floor of boutique development, Lancer Square."
"Development opportunity. A handsome detached building, arranged as 6 apartments for sale."
"A Luxurious Lateral 4 Bedroom / 5 Bathroom Apartment, Spanning 2,954 Sq Ft / 274.43 Sq M, With A Full Length Balcony Presenting Stunning Hyde Park Views. 199 Knightsbridge Is A Highly Sought After Apartment Building Providing Residents With Phenomenal Facilities, Including; 24Hr Concierg..."
Video viewing available: A substantial and unique six bedroom house overlooking Hurlingham Park in Fulham. The house has undergone extensive refurbishment and is finished to the highest of standards.
"Bold design, complex engineering and cutting-edge interiors. A dramatic setting for modern city living."
"A substantial double fronted detached house, built in circa 1830, arranged as six apartments, with off street parking and a 150 ft West facing garden. A substantial double fronted detached house, built in circa 1830, currently arranged as six apartments, with off street parking and a 150 ft We..."
"Ref. LOB0810 - Situated in Down Street Mews, a small, discreet and very private gated mews, moments from Piccadilly, Green Park and Hyde Park, this brand-new residence offers a visionary architectural landmark and innovative development, setting new standards of sophistication, powered by carb..."
A unique opportunity to acquire an apartment with 360 degrees views of London including prime river views. 
A beautifully presented four bedroom first floor apartment with high ceilings and views over Hyde Park
"A brand new, meticulously designed residence situated in a private gated mews, for sale in the heart of Mayfair, W1J. Situated in Down Street Mews, a small, discreet and very private gated mews, moments from Piccadilly, Green Park and Hyde Park, this brand new residence offers a visionary archit..."
"Ref. LOB0664 - Inverforth House, nestled in the heart of Hampstead Heath, offers a country oasis moments from the centre of the capital. The property, once owned by the Baron of Inverforth, was built in 1865 and is now a Grade II listed property. The house has been beautifully restored incorpo..."
"A magnificent three/four-bedroom lateral apartment in London`s finest postcode, in a landmark Grade II-listed building with stunning character and contemporary features"
"Stunning 4 bedroom penthouse with views over Hyde Park, W2 for sale. This spectacular, triplex penthouse apartment is located in a highly sought after Grade II listed building overlooking Hyde Park. Entered on the third floor (with lift), the spacious hallway leads directly to the beautifully de..."
"Carved from this famous listed mansion adjacent to Hampstead Heath, once the home of Viscount Levehulme and set within acres of private gated grounds including the famous pergola, Lawn House is a grand self contained house of some 8,600 sq ft arranged primarily over two floors plus a basement swi..."
"An exceptionally rare opportunity to acquire 4,748 sq.ft of prime residential space split across three adjacent apartments in a sought after Mayfair block."
"A substantial detached house currently arranged as 6 apartments. The property has planning permission to create a single family residence of 12,507 square feet with off street parking and a 150 ft West facing garden. Hamilton Terrace is approximately 450 metres to the south ..."
"A masterpiece in contemporary design. The home is both beautiful and functional. It has been considerately designed allowing for fantastic light throughout and privacy. The attention to detail is second to none.
The ground floor is an open plan space which has been thoughtfully laid out...."
"A stunning, recently constructed townhouse set behind a period style façade, situated on prestigious South Street in Mayfair."
"Situated on one of the finest roads in St John’s Wood, this imposing, double fronted, detached house built in 1843 offers wonderful lateral space, ideal for entertaining and family living. This exceptional (518 sq m/5,579 sq ft) family home has been well designed to accommodate easy living and ha..."
"Show Apartment launching 30th of March – Book now to secure your appointment | A contemporary collection of 1, 2 and 3 bedroom apartments in Chiswick Green, W4 | Close to Turnham Green station | Communal roof terrace | High specification"
Prime Collection are delighted to offer the most eagerly awaited residential development to be formed in Marylebone over recent decades.
"A superb apartment in Belgravia, located in a premier building of exclusive apartments."
"London House is delighted to bring to the market this one-of-a-kind penthouse apartment with some of London’s most iconic views, with views over The City, Southbank, London Eye, The Houses of Parliament, and Big Ben. "
"An outstanding townhouse with approximately 466.44 sq m/ 5,021 sq ft of accommodation set across five floors."
An incredibly rare opportunity to purchase a penthouse with arguably one of London's finest views. This penthouse offers wonderful lateral living across two floors. With direct lift access to the apartment you enter into a welcoming entrance lobby which leads down a wide corridor unve...
"An outstanding townhouse with approximately 466.44 sq m/5,021 sq ft of accommodation set across five floors. This highly sought after Georgian double fronted townhouse located in the heart of Marylebone, has been comprehensively refurbished benefitting from air conditioning, a lift to..."
"An immaculate apartment with parking and roof terrace for sale in Belgravia, SW1. Located in a premier building of exclusive apartments in Belgravia, just behind Belgrave Square, this apartment is a large duplex unit which benefits from 24 hour concierge and parking. The accommodation is present..."
"Once seen, never forgotten! This exemplary apartment boasts a vast 35 x 23 foot living / dining room leading onto two decked terraces, 4 bedroom suites, a private 13 person internal lift leads directly to a truly incredible and cavernous personal leisure suite with nearly 5 metre hig..."
A 7 bedroom apartment within the Buxmead development set on a 2.5 acre site with private landscaped gardens
"Ref. LOB0472 - This exquisite first-floor lateral residence comprises three bedrooms with a grand reception and dining room, a terrace and six impressive floor-to-ceiling windows. The apartment has been furnished and dressed by award winning, London based interior desi..."
"Incredibly rare four bedroom terraced home for sale in Mayfair, once owned by acclaimed author Oscar Wilde"
"A truly exceptional Rigby & Rigby designed lateral apartment offering over 3500 Sqft of living and entertaining space, for sale in the heart of Mayfair, W1J. Positioned over the whole first floor of this stunning Victorian conversion, the property offers majestic volume with ceiling heights over..."
"41-43 Beaufort Gardens is a unique collection of apartments, exquisitely designed by world renowned Paris based interior designer Pierre Yovanovitch and arranged across three 19th century townhouses in the heart of vibrant Knightsbridge. In this development Pierre Yovanovitch managed t..."
A substantial freehold semi-detached Victorian building on the west side of this prestigious address
"An exceptional townhouse with cinema, lift and outside space, for sale in Mayfair, W1J Immaculately refurbished to the highest standard, this Grade II listed white stucco fronted house seamlessly blends contemporary design and period detail. The exceptional residence with accommodation spanning ..."
"This new three bedroom first floor lateral apartment of 2,554 sq ft has beautiful proportions with high ceilings and no less than nine full-length sash windows facing on to Beaufort Gardens, an additional 350 sq ft of terrace, high specification, direct lift access, porter and residents' gym. Apa..."
"THE EPITOME OF LUXURY LONDON LOFT LIVING IN THE HEART OF MAYFAIR, W1"
"Experience luxurious living in the heart of Mayfair's Artisan Quarter with this stunning third-floor apartment in The Mellier. Boasting elegant and spacious entertaining spaces that span approximately 71 ft (21.8m), this lateral apartment features eight windows and ceilings approximately 3.4m high."
"A stunning lateral third floor apartment in a boutique building in the heart of Mayfair. With high ceilings of approximately 3.4m and with 8 windows spanning across the entertaining rooms, the property is flooded with natural light. The building offers a discreet and private feel and the flow wit..."
A spectacular lateral third floor apartment with grand entertaining spaces and high ceilings of approximately 3.4m.
"An elegant Loft Style apartment offering unrivalled lateral living and entertaining space, for sale in the heart of Mayfair, W1S. Located over the third floor of a beautifully transformed Beaux-Arts building, this three-bedroomed property showcases grand proportions and a contemporary finish th..."
"An incredibly rare 12,644 sqft triplex Penthouse apartment arranged on the eighth/ninth/tenth floors with vast roof terrace space. "
"Stunning, third floor lateral apartment (3453 Sq Ft) in the heart of Mayfair, benefiting from 24hour concierge service. This boutique apartment was designed and developed by Glebe and Eric Parry Architects who took every care in making this apartment work beautifully as a home, as well a."
"Ref. LOB0382 - An exquisite duplex penthouse located within the iconic Oceanic House which was built as the offices for the famous White Star Line shipping company, Titanic Ocean Liner. The Grade II listed landmark has been sensitively restored to the exterior, with a brand new interior echoin..."
Set within a short walk to Emerson Park and Gidea Park station is this four bedroom semi-detached chalet bungalow. Located within easy access to outstanding schools for all ages this really will make a fantastic family home for years to come. Call now to book your viewing 
A stunning duplex penthouse within the imposing former White Star Line headquarters booking office of the glamorous Titanic ocean liner has been sensitively redeveloped to provide luxurious modern living.
"A gated, double fronted detached house located on this prestigious avenue in North West London. The house offers spectacular family accommodation with the additional benefit of a full leisure facilities. Extending to approx. 10,625 sqft this impressive eight bedroom house has a prominent, invitin..."
"Ref. LOB0732 - This impressive ground-floor multi-level residence comprises three bedrooms with a grand reception and dining room, a media room and private patio. The apartment has been furnished and dressed by award-winning, London based interior design studio, Elicyon."
"A stunning three bedroom apartment with large private terrace for sale in Marylebone. An unmissable opportunity to purchase this stunning apartment in one of London's most desirable new developments. The property is located on the 10th floor and showcases three bedrooms, three bathrooms and a br..."
"An astonishing three bedroom duplex in the desirable Sugar Quay, Landmark Place. The extraordinary apartment boasts its own private L shaped balcony, private cinema room and fitted hot tub. Situated along the bank of the River Thames, this prime address where riverside and city living merge boast..."
"This triplex apartment of 3,306 sq ft with its own private entrance benefits from formal reception, dining room and separate kitchen. There are three bedrooms with ensuite bathrooms, separate guest WC, study, cinema room and extensive storage. 41-43 Beaufort Gardens is a unique collection of nin..."
"9 Bedrooms, 2 Adjacent flats. Rare lateral space next to the River Thames. Situated on the fourth floor of Claydon House and occupying an entire core of the building with private lift access, these two apartments provide 9 bedrooms, 8 bathrooms, 2 reception rooms, 4940 sq ft of internal ..."
"Located next to Holland Park, offering luxurious lateral living, this 5-bedroom apartment is perfect for anyone looking for a top of the class apartment with floor-to-ceiling windows, lots of natural light and hotel style facilities."
An important consented development site to construct two brand new detached mansions with spa and leisure facilities.
An important development site to construct a brand new detached mansion with spa and leisure facilities.
"An opportunity to acquire one of the most important property/site on this prime road, directly opposite and with superb views over Hampstead Golf Course. The site extends to approximately 0.8 acre, and has a lapsed planning consent which is in the process of being renewed, for an elegant and impo..."
An important consented development site to construct two brand new detached mansions with spa and leisure facilities. The plots can be purchased as a pair or individually. Winnington Road is one of Hampstead’s most popular residential avenues and is located off Hampstead Lane (B519) at i...
"Luxury development overlooking Kensington Palace Gardens, W8. A spacious 4 bedroom duplex apartment within this exquisite development on Kensington Road, moments from Kensington Palace Gardens. This delightful fourth and fifth-floor apartment is set within what is a beautifully crafted luxury d..."
"An exciting freehold, six storey building offering a fantastic investment development opportunity in the heart of Kensington W8 adjacent to Kensington Palace. Currently configured with 13 self contained units the building benefits from having a lift. Previous planning requests have been..."
Stunning apartments available. Contact us today
"A very rare opportunity to acquire an exceptional Grade II Listed residence (874.19 sq m/9,410 sq ft) situated in the heart of Marylebone featuring both a private garden, interconnecting mews property and garaging. This historic home provides extensive and versatile accommodation featu..."
"An exceptional and truly special four bedroom grand residence in Ennismore Gardens including the impressive three window wide first floor reception room. Located on the sun-drenched western side of one of the most prestigious garden squares in London, this beautiful property occupies the prized ..."
"A spectacular new 3 bedroom penthouse apartment, located in the heart of London's Southbank. Set in one of London's most desirable riverside locations adjacent to Westminster and next to the London Eye, Southbank Place celebrates the rich history and heritage of its surroundings. This landmark ..."
"A beautiful Grade II listed white stucco fronted townhouse with front and rear garden for sale in Knightsbridge, SW3. Egerton Crescent is one of the finest, most tranquil London addresses and this four bedroom house offers charming views to the front over the private front garden as well as a lo..."
"A Grade II listed Georgian Townhouse dating from 1767 located in London's Wimpole Street. The grand six bedroom home has a private garden, interconnecting mews house and garaging accessed from Wigmore Place. The current owners purchased the house in the 1990's and have meticulously restored the p..."
"Brand new exceptional residences in Kensington. This lateral four-bedroom apartment is located on 6th floor offering 2,514 sq ft living space with views towards Kensington Gardens. This 4-bedroom family home is your own serene paradise within London with an open-plan kitchen, living and dining ..."
"Reference: 6863# Presenting a new build/modern flat for sale in Vauxhall. The property is situated on Bondway and comprises 5 bedroom and 5 bathroom. This modern/spacious/well located/well maintained property covers 3,622 sq ft in living space and is situated on the forty-ninth floor. The prope..."
"This outstanding 5 bedroom penthouse apartment is arranged over 49 floors in a luxurious new development with branded interiors by Versace, stunning views of London and access to state of the art communal facilities."
"**Guide Price £725,000 - £740,000** Offered to the market is this charming, well presented three bedroom home on the popular Broxholm Road, a tree-lined residential road in West Norwood SE27."
"This impressive four bedroom, four bathroom penthouse is split over the top two floors benefiting from dramatic views over the city. Boasting 3,555 sq ft of space it also has a balcony on each floor. The DAMAC Tower in Nine Elms, Central London experience goes beyond four walls &ndash..."
"This newly finished, interior designed penthouse is situated on the 29th floor in one of Westminster's tallest buildings and provides panoramic views across London’s skyline and Hyde Park. With 4 spacious bedrooms, each with en-suite bathroom, this property is perfect for those seeking a..."
"Hamilton Drive is a stunning collection of ten newly constructed Georgian townhouses, designed and executed to an exceptional standard."
"A magnificent 4-5 bedroom lateral apartment with views overlooking the beautiful gardens of Portman Square, situated on the sixth floor of one of Marylebone's most prestigious buildings. The elegant home is finished to excellent standards, with high ceilings and eight windows overlooking the deli..."
A refined townhouse in this private portered development with parking and swimming pool. 
"A beautifully designed three bedroom duplex apartment of 3,270 square feet, offering luxury living centered around a private courtyard, offered on a long lease and a share of the freehold."
"A substantial detached residence (701 sq m/7,549 sq ft) set back behind an attractive front garden with off-street parking. The house provides outstanding well-planned accommodation with generous entertaining space on the ground floor with a large entrance hall, reception room, study, dining room..."
"Ref. LOB0827 - Charles Street, a prime residential street in the heart of Mayfair, is home to this 3-bedroom property set across the building’s ground and lower ground floors. The home features a double-height stair gallery and a bespoke fitted bookcase that forms the dramatic centrepiece of t..."
"Boasting a superb location on one of Mayfair's most sought-after streets, this expansive seven bedroom freehold house features a large roof terrace and south facing patio."
"An extraordinary apartment with phenomenal volume and ceiling heights of up to 7.5m. With five bedroom suites and measuring over 6,000 square feet, this apartment is surely one of a kind."
Elegant Grade 1 listed classical home overlooking Regent’s Park
"Exceptional 4-5 bedroom lateral apartment for sale in Marylebone W1 A magnificent 4-5 bedroom lateral apartment with views overlooking the beautiful gardens of Portman Square, situated on the sixth floor of one of Marylebone's most prestigious buildings. The elegant home is finished to excell..."
"Hamilton Drive is a stunning collection of recently constructed Georgian townhouses, designed and executed to an exceptional standard. This beautifully presented Georgian style residence features spacious and well planned family accommodation and benefits from a private rear garden, se..."
"A substantial detached residence (701 sq m/7,549 sq ft) set back behind an attractive front garden with off street parking"
"DAMAC Tower will present a unique landmark on the London skyline with its bespoke façade and staggered floor arrangement. The towering 50-storey building will comprise light coloured stone, utilising glass reinforced concrete (GRC), and feature floor-to-ceiling picture windows, ceramic tiled pane..."
"One of the most eagerly awaited and prestigious developments to be built in London situated on the South Bank in Nine Elms. This new development really is setting a new high for levels of luxury with an interior designed by Versace, thi ultra-modern 50 story tower DAMAC Tower comprising..."
"INTERIORS BY VERSACE | 360 NEW PRIVATE RESIDENTIAL APARTMENTS | 8,010 SQUARE FEET OF COMMUNAL GARDENS | 3 MINS WALK FROM VAUXHALL STATION | EXPANSIVE INDOOR SWIMMING POOL AND JACUZZI | 999 YEAR LEASE | STATE-OF-THE-ART GYMNASIUM | CHILDREN’S PLAY AREAS | SECURE BICYCLE SPACES* | SECURE STOR..."
"We are delighted to offer this incredible family home, located on a beutiful residential street. This stunning house is over 6,500 square feet, plus there is an additonal summer house (in the rear garden), which is an additional 780 square feet."
"A spectacular modern family home located in Lindfield Gardens NW3, that comprises of approximately 6,506 sq ft arranged over five floors with the addition of a summer house of approximately 780 sq ft. The house is accessed via a striking entrance hall with a lift leading to the ground and raised ..."
"A superb six / seven bedroom family house for sale in South Kensington, SW7. This is a magnificent white stucco-fronted semi-detached townhouse that offers extremely generous and flexible accommodation. The layout flows easily and can be highly adaptable if required but currently provides for a..."
An impressive stucco -fronted house of ambassadorial proportions
"A detached house in Lindfield Gardens NW3 An outstanding family home located in Lindfield Gardens NW3, that comprises of approximately 6,506 sq ft set across five floors with the addition of a summer house of approximately 780 sq ft. The house is accessed via a striking entrance hall with a ..."
"3 bedroom duplex penthouse located within the heart of Kensington, with luxury facilities and a direct path to Kensington Gardens and Kensington Palace."
"A lovely luxury two bedroom two bathroom modern apartment for sale in this popular block, situated equidistant to East Croydon and West Croydon Stations. The bright and neutral accommodation comprises a large open-plan reception room/kitchen, balcony, principal bedroom with contempora..."
A detached stucco lateral villa with a double garage and garden.
"Widely regarded as the finest home on Linksway, Northwoods most prestigious address, we introduce a multi award-winning residence, exuding glamour and grandeur on an unprecedented scale"
***NEW LUXURY PENTHOUSE AT DAMAC TOWER DESIGNED BY VERSACE*** Skyline View | Interior Design | Roof Terrace | Gym | Sauna | Jacuzzi ctd...
"Ref. LOB0744 - Elsworthy Rise presents an ideal investment opportunity for five exceptional new build townhouse homes, with a total of 17 bedrooms and 10 bathrooms, in the heart of residential Primrose Hill. Developed to an immaculate standard, each home has been thoughtfully designed with the..."
"Boasting a prestigious location in the heart of Mayfair is this stunning family house set over five floors with private lift and covering 3,950 Sq Ft. The property comprises a stunning double reception with high ceilings, a large separate kitchen, five magnificent bedrooms all with en suites, ..."
"Set behind a sweeping carriage driveway with off street parking for many cars, a beautifully maintained and presented, detached freehold residence spanning 10,180 sq ft (946 sq m) over four floors and featuring a magnificent spa complex which includes an indoor 14 meter swimming pool. As..."
Ref. LOB0804 - This impressive maisonette presents immaculate interiors with views of Cadogan Place Gardens. The home comprises high ceilings throughout and has been beautifully designed with contemporary interiors. The large entrance hall connects the home leading to the dining room and spaci...
"A beautiful 4 bedroom house with a garage, for sale just a moment away from Mount Street in Mayfair, W1K This is beautifully refurbished property with 4 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms and a garage. The principal bedroom suite has ample storage, a private terrace and an adjoining luxury bathroom. The bath..."
"The subject of a comprehensive refurbishment some 10 years ago, the house is exceptionally well laid out and provides generous accommodation spanning almost 4,000 square feet over just 4 floors."
"Designed by Studio Peregalli, this very rare lateral first floor, 3 bedroom apartment spans two Georgian buildings on one of Marylebone`s most prestigious streets. Wonderfully proportioned throughout with large rooms and high ceilings throughout. A rare opportunity to capture grandeur and elegance."
"In a quiet, yet central Mayfair location is this exceptional four bedroom, freehold mews house (3,872sq ft/359sq m). Meticulously renovated by the current owners, this fantastic property has an abundance of entertaining and living space which has been thoughtfully completed with some fantastic a..."
"A classical Nash residence that has been re-designed and refurbished in recent years and has exceptional views across Regent's Park. The house offers 4494 Sq.ft of family accommodation, with the added benefit of a passenger lift which accesses all floors. From the grand entrance hall on the grou..."
"This stunning, newly refurbished property features a spectacular principal bedroom suite with drop down cinema screen and ample storage. There is a private terrace which opens electronically and an adjoining luxury bathroom offering a free-standing bath tub, large walk-in shower, fire place and b..."
"Adams Row is an exceptional, low built, five bedroom, five bathroom mews house set behind its original facade with a double garage."
"Boasting exquisite, contemporary interiors throughout this stunning 4 bedroom house is enviably located in the heart of prestigious Mayfair."
"A rare opportunity to acquire a freehold Grade II listed south-facing period building just off Grosvenor Square with private garden, terrace and balcony. The property has a gross internal area of approximately 5,000 sq ft and is currently divided into three self-contained units; a ground and low..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire a freehold Grade II listed south-facing period building just off Grosvenor Square with private garden, terrace and balcony."
"An opportunity to live on one of the most desirable streets in Chelsea, this home has been fully redeveloped to provide high standards of modern and contemporary living Set behind an early 20th century period façade, the property benefits from air conditioning, open plan living spaces, underfloo..."
A 5 bedroom penthouse on the 49/ 50th floors designed by Versace Home of the iconic DAMAC Tower perfectly positioned in Nine Elms offering breathtaking vistas and Five Star facilities.
"Ref. LOB0750 - DAMAC Tower is a 50-storey residential tower development in Nine Elms The lavish interiors of 360 apartments are designed by Versace Home - this is the first collaboration between this luxury designer and a new residential property in London. Studios, 1, 2 and 3 ..."
"A luxurious 5 bedroom, 4 bathroom penthouse apartment on the 49th and 50th floor in one of London's most exciting new developments. Designed in partnership with artistic director, Donatella Versace, every detail of this apartment is exquisite. "
"Located on the 49th+50th floor of the new-build Damac Tower, this luxurious four bedroom, four bathroom penthouse offers world class luxury London living with a south westerly aspect.DAMAC TOWER - NINE ELMSDamac Tower has become the newest addition to London's skyline and proudly stands in the he..."
A bright and spacious studio flat located in one of the handsome period buildings in South Kensington 
"Located at the pinnacle of the superb newly built Damac Tower, this luxurious four-bedroom, four-bathroom penthouse offers the best of modern luxury London living."
"Key Features: - Luxurious apartment - Far reaching views of the city skyline - Lavish interiors by Versace Home in first collaboration between this luxury designer and a new residential development - Winter gardens - First-class facilities located - 24-hour concierge, ho..."
Number 24 Eldon Road has been newly built and meticulously designed by Finchatton to create an exceptional family home of the utmost quality
"An exceptional three bedroom lateral apartment on the second floor, benefitting from a 36 ft south facing reception room leading to a private terrace, 24 hour concierge service, underground parking for two cars and separate staff accommodation."
An incredibly handsome and elegant part stucco fronted Grade II listed house overlooking one of Knightsbridge´s most exquisite gardens squares. 
"A beautifully designed second floor apartment within this exclusive newly built development in Belgravia. This immaculately presented apartment features a large principal bedroom with an ensuite bathroom and walk-in wardrobe, three further bedrooms all with ensuite bathrooms, a cloakroom, a separ..."
"Located in one of St John’s Wood’s most sought avenues is this ‘Blue Plaque’ (William Strang, Artist) Grade II Listed period house dating back to circa 1830, extensively and sympathetically refurbished by the present owners. The main house is arranged over 6,172 sq.ft. / 573.4 sq.m. and ..."
A superbly restored Grade II Listed Georgian Belgravia townhouse.
An incredibly handsome and elegant part stucco fronted Grade II Listed house overlooking one of Knightsbridge's most exquisite gardens squares.
"A new level of luxury living has arrived in the heart of London. In an exclusive partnership with Versace Home, the global symbol of opulence, DAMAC Tower brings you the ultimate in branded living experiences. This is a stunning 3180 sqft / 295.4 sqm2 duplex penthouse on the 49th and 50th floor ."
"Arranged over 5,050sqft this unique handsome period house has been cleverly designed, offering outstanding lateral accommodation across two buildings, on the raised and lower ground floor, with excellent natural light and proportions throughout."
A low built semi-detached stucco villa with off street parking
"Outstanding tenth floor over 3500 sq ft penthouse apartment for sale in Pearson Square, at the heart of Fitzrovia This fabulous 3500 sq ft penthouse is located in Pearson Square in the heart of Fitzrovia W1 The apartment benefits from the uncompromising attention ..."
Ref. LOB0846 - An exquisite family home on this beautiful street in Knightsbridge overlooking St Pauls Church. Wilton Place is a spacious contemporary home currently comprising 6 bedrooms including staff accommodation. The home presents spacious entertaining with a luxurious double reception r...
"“A substantial detached home with immaculate attention to detail” An exceptional, six bedroom, double fronted, semi-detached, family property found within the ever popular south side of St John's Wood. This generously propertied home is arranged over four floors and slightly set back fr..."
"An immaculately restored lateral mansion flat in one of the areas most sought after mansion blocks. This third floor flat (with lift) has high ceilings and elegant proportions (the interconnecting reception rooms are over 55 feet in width). An amalgamation of two large flats, before planning rule..."
"A range of penthouse suites available from £11,500,000 to £13,500,000. This is a rare opportunity to own the ultimate in high-end luxury. Architecture beautifully created by Kohn Pedersen Fox (KPF) and lavishly designed interiors by Versace Home combine to create the ultimate branded living exper..."
"A stylish two bedroom apartment with wonderful views of Green Park, for sale in Mayfair W1J. Situated within an elegant development in the heart of Mayfair, overlooking prestigious Green Park, this exceptionally well-presented two bedroom apartment benefits from spacious and stylish living, priv..."
"An exceptional 3 bedroom apartment on the first and second floors of this period stucco fronted building for sale in Lowndes Square, SW1X Located in arguably one of Knightsbridge finest addresses, Lowndes Square, this is a beautifully presented first and second floor apartment featuring a large ..."
"This fantastic duplex penthouse, set on the 49th and 50th floors of the brand new luxurious Damac Tower, offering impressive views over south London, Nine Elms and the River Thames, is available for sale through Prime London. Spanning 3,552.7 sq ft / 330.05 sq m and set over two floors at the t..."
Spectacular six-storey Knightsbridge house with exceptional interiors and garden
"Ref. LOB0780 - This beautifully presented first and second-floor flat is the amalgamation of two individual apartments previously joined and refurbished to create this unique duplex apartment. Elegant, original features are present throughout the home including an original stone staircase. The..."
"Guide Price £550,000 - £600,000. Are you looking for a spacious period conversion then this lovely top floor apartment in Witherington Road should be on your list"
"Sunny Side is a spectacular and unique period house (approximately 5,460 sq ft) with a substantial secluded circa 135 ft rear garden and secure gated off street parking. Once the home of the sculptor John Adams Acton, this much loved and cherished home has been sensitively and meticulously resto..."
"** THE HEIGHT OF LUXURY IN AN EXCEPTIONAL SETTING** Limited availability for this exclusive penthouse in newly built Damac Tower. With views spanning the north-west of London, this 5 bedroom Versace branded penthouse bring luxury to living!"
"A simply stunning Penthouse apartment, located in DAMAC Tower, home to studio, one, two and three-bedroom apartments in addition to luxury penthouses. Now 100% complete and ready to move in, the 50-storey DAMAC Tower is perfectly positioned within Nine Elms, London"
"Edison Green are extremely delighted to present the world class, DAMAC Tower. It stands proudly within Nine Elms and has been carefully designed to create breathtaking vistas from every aspect. The views cover the iconic Battersea Power Station, up the River Thames to the city and beyond. Stone, ..."
Cumberland Terrace is steeped in history and known as a debonair location to acquire property. Designed by the Royal British Architect John Nash and situated on the Eastern side of Regent's Park.
"This is an outstanding lateral apartment on the 2nd floor of Clarges, with a dramatic dual aspect 32’ x 21’ drawing room and floor to ceiling picture windows framing a beautiful, unobstructed south easterly view of Green Park. Further accommodation includes a generous kitchen with Gaggen..."
"This extensively refurbished terrace house offers 4,947 sq ft of accommodation and features a large principle bedroom suite across the first floor, with 4 further bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, 2 shower rooms and 3 guest wc's. The home benefits from both formal and informal reception rooms, a large kitch..."
"This landmark award-winning riverside development is an exceptional investment opportunity consisting of 9 newly built apartments, a mixture of 6 x Manhatten style studios, a one-bedroom apartment, and 2 x two-bedroom apartments."
"An extraordinary, low built, modernist home discreetly nestled behind a walled garden. Designed by Wells Mackereth, this award winning house has been completely rebuilt and meticulously interior designed to create a dramatic space. The house seamlessly blends modern industrial style in the new p..."
Arguably the finest penthouse in Fitzrovia with the rarity of a roof terrace boasting fabulous views over central London and Regent’s Park. 
"An exceptional lateral ground floor apartment (circa 3,567 sq ft) situated in one of the most pre-eminent and prestigious recent developments in Knightsbridge and Belgravia, with the benefit of 24 hour security and concierge, and private underground parking for two cars. Montrose Place o..."
"118 and 119 Cheyne Walk is a Grade II listed building located by the riverside in Chelsea and famous for being the residence of the great artist J. M. W. Turner, who lived here in the 19th century."
"This fantastic duplex penthouse, set on the 49th and 50th floors of the brand new luxurious Damac Tower, offers impressive and unobstructed views over London (including the Thames, The Shard, London Eye, Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament) thanks to being at the very front of the new Nine Elms,..."
"Following a transformative upgrade with a full interior design enhancement throughout, a sensational turnkey lateral flat in one of the best ""front to back"" positions in this incredible development."
"Laid out over just four floors, this is a large, non-basement period house. The house is not listed and, we believe there is potential to enlarge the property subject to obtaining the necessary consents."
A grand Grade II listed 7 bedroom house for sale in Bayswater W2 that has been meticulously restored. This attractive terrace house is set back from the street on a tree lined driveway and located within close proximity to the open green spaces of Kensington Gardens and Hyde Park. A fantastic o...
"Ref. LOB0537 - Arranged over the first and second floor with fantastic propositions throughout, Apartment 4 is a substantial three-bedroom apartment comprising of a generous reception room and open plan kitchen and dining room. Boasting three private terraces, as well as a separate staff room ..."
"For ambitious individuals, well-heeled couples or growing families, Marylebone Square is the perfect home for those looking for high-quality living in a comfortable environment. Refined, elegant and intuitively designed, the apartments and penthouses are generously spacious yet warmly intimate."
"An opportunity to acquire a bright and sunny 3 bed apartment in a Grade II listed building with a separate large studio apartment, neighbouring the King’s Palace. Finished to a high standard and offered as a package deal."
"A beautifully appointed and elegant maisonette benefiting from its own private street entrance, situated on the north-eastern corner of one of London’s most renowned garden squares."
"A truly unique, detached industrial low built villa, which is secluded by walled gardens all around the property"
"A newly built five/six-bedroom townhouse, ideally positioned along Abingdon Road, just off Kensington High Street, adjacent to Holland Park."
"Luxurious one bedroom apartment situated on the 8th floor of the Lincoln Building and is part of a new neighbourhood within White City's new park. This apartment is spacious, airy and bright. The open plan kitchen is integrated with top of the range appliances and ample storage space, ..."
A beautiful apartment with breath-taking views.
A beautiful four bedroom house with off street parking and a large private garden
Unique residence in the heart of Regent's Park.
"An outstanding low built detached villa, superbly located in the highly sought-after section of Marlborough Place, with gated off street parking and a landscaped south-facing rear garden. This superb lateral home (approximately 5,314 sq ft), arranged on three floors only, is all above ground and..."
"Stunning four bedroom house for sale in Chelsea/Knightsbridge,SW3 A truly unique and stunning Artist Studio House with fabulous width and epic proportions situated in a highly desirable, discreet address on the Chelsea / Knightsbridge border. Offered in excellent condition, this is a truly sp..."
A rare wide and low built 4 bedroom house located on a pretty mews to the east of bustling Berkeley Square.
"A charming 5 bedroom stucco fronted house with stunning ballroom for sale in the heart of Knightsbridge on Ovington Square. Located in the heart of Knightsbridge on Ovington Square, this Grace II listed white stucco-fronted house, requiring work, offers an abundance of grand and bright living sp..."
"A newly redeveloped house offering over 4,451 sq ft of immaculate living space in Belgravia's most exclusive mews."
"This exceptional apartment offers spacious and well planned accommodation for family living, situated on the 4/5th floors of this stunning Victorian mansion block with porterage, fronting onto Hyde park and the Prince Albert memorial. minutes away from Knightsbridge, Kensington and south Ken."
FOR THE DISCERNING WORLD CLASS PURCHASER.We are proud to present this outstanding and beautifully presented OFF-MARKET 5 bedroom family house in a prime part of London. 
"Lateral Penthouse on the 38th floor of Southbank Tower, London. • lateral space with no stairs • panoramic city and river views • shell and core • iconic landmarks including St Pauls Cathedral, the Shard and The River Thames • 24/7 concierge • gym • luxury spa ..."
"A truly unique property in the heart of Chelsea comprising over 4,300 sq ft with exceptional living and entertaining space. The house has been thoughtfully and cleverly redesigned by the current owner to create an exceptionally bright and airy double height living space set around a courtyard wh..."
"A magnificent first and second floor flat for sale in Eaton Place, Belgravia, SW1. Located in Eaton Place, Belgravia, this first and second-floor apartment has superb proportions and is presented immaculately. Covering approximately 2,455 sq ft, the flat is interior designed to a very high stand..."
An exceptional and wide freehold house
An outstanding property offering an incoming purchaser the opportunity to acquire an extremely well-balanced family home
"7 bedroom house with parking and roof terrace for sale in Hyde Park, W2. A wide terraced house in Connaught Village which offers excellent entertaining space, outdoor areas and parking. The house is located within close proximity to the open spaces of Hyde Park. This immaculately presented hou..."
A classic and well-appointed Belgravia townhouse with superb entertaining rooms and a well-proportioned south-facing terrace and garden. 
A rare opportunity to acquire one of the largest lateral apartments with impressive views over Regent’s Park.
EXCLUSIVELY OFF-MARKET TOWN HOUSE FOR THE DISCERNING WORLD CLASS PURCHASER. Quite simply a most unique classic freehold house .
"A stunning Freehold site with planning consent for a 20,000 sq ft (1,858 sq m) spectacular detached mansion with a magnificent indoor leisure suite including large pool, secure underground parking and elegantly arranged and apportioned reception rooms and bedroom suites, set in grounds of approxi..."
An impressive twelve bedroom new build house set in a private location within the heart of the Coombe estate.
"A rare opportunity to acquire this newly built detached ten bedroom mansion (13,010 sq ft/1209 sq m) located on a private gated road on the exclusive Coombe Estate. This substantial property offers lavish space for luxurious family living and entertaining with six reception rooms, large kitchen/b..."
An outstanding six bedroom Grade II listed freehold house with a beautiful classic first floor drawing room and a south-facing terrace and garden.
"Low built Chelsea Square house with two parking spaces. Air con, under floor heating and Lutron lighting. Notable for its impressive ground floor. Potential for an additional circa 1000 sq ft of living space subject to planning consents."
"Victorstone are delighted to privately market this outstanding one double bedroom new build apartment in Vauxhall, SE11."
"A perfectly situated collection of 27 one, two and three bed apartments set behind an historic original façade located next to St James's Park"
"Set in substantial grounds is this six bedroom, five reception, six bathroom semi detached two storey period house with off street parking and a garage."
"Presenting an impressive 7 bedroom house which is arranged over 4 floors, offering a contemporary living space with bright and airy interiors, private garden to the rear, off-street parking and ample storage space."
"This fantastic duplex penthouse, set on the 49th and 50th floors of the brand new luxurious Damac Tower, offering impressive views over south London, Nine Elms and the River Thames, is available for sale through Prime London. Spanning 3,757 sq ft / 349 sq m and set over two floors at the top of..."
The single largest apartment situated on the second floor (with lift) of this well regarded portered Chelsea mansion block. It offers far reaching westerly views over Burton Court.
"Ref. LOB0795 - An impressive Grade II listed apartment situated parallel to Hyde Park in one of London's most prestigious neighbourhoods. The expansive home showcases an impressive reception area with glorious ceiling heights, floor-to-ceiling windows, and park views. The reception room leads ..."
A west facing apartment with park views in a brand new condition.
"A newly refurbished and interior designed lateral three bedroom South facing apartment of 2,311 square feet with direct lift access offered on a long lease."
"An exquisite split-level apartment of over 1900 sqft, offering grand proportions and stunning accommodation this chain free property is situated on one of Kensington's most sought-after addresses. The current owners have recently carried out a comprehensive scheme of reconfiguration and refurbishme"
" Hamilton Drive is an exclusive collection of Georgian townhouses, set behind a gated driveway with 24 hour security. This particular end of terrace house spans over 5500 square feet and offers ample living space, 5 bedrooms, and 5.5 bathrooms. Each individual house has a lift that services all ..."
"An impressive three bedroom apartment for sale in Holland Park, W8. This recent development is set in beautiful landscaped gated grounds just off Campden Hill and right next to the green spaces and woodlands of Holland Park. Completed in 2018 and approached via a private driveway, it is looked a..."
"This exceptional three bedroom duplex apartment, set on the top two floors of the beautifully crafted luxury development, One Kensington Gardens - designed by award-winning architects David Chipperfield, is available for chain free sale though Prime London. The property also comes with secure val..."
"Great Portland is an eagerly awaited luxury residential and retail development, centrally situated on Great Portland Street and ideally positioned to enjoy the village-like intimacy of Marylebone and the bohemian chic of Fitzrovia."
Enviably located on one of the most prestigious garden squares in London this beautiful apartment offers superb lateral living and entertaining space with a separate self-contained flat and two underground car parking spaces.
"Two bedroom apartment with separate self-contained flat and private parking, for sale in one of the most prestigious garden squares in London. This beautiful apartment offers superb lateral living and entertaining space, with a separate self-contained flat and two underground car parking spaces...."
"An exceptional, 4667 sqft, 7 bedroom freehold house, finished to a truly remarkable standard on Thurloe Square, SW7. "
"Newly renovated, beautiful family home set in a popular garden square in South Kensington. Private outside space, noise cancellation throughout, high quality finishes, impressive main bedroom suite are just a few of the attractive features."
"An outstanding house, presented in immaculate condition with a wider than average footprint, on a sought-after communal garden square."
Since 1971: Avenue House has been owned by the same family for almost 50 years. The journey to seek planning permission to demolish the existing home and replace for a Grand Mansion has been well considered. For this family the time now seems right for Avenue House to be passed on to new...
"A beautiful stucco fronted, Grade II listed townhouse in arguably the most favorable part of Egerton Crescent."
"An elite apartment with an astounding panorama of London, bespoke designed and with extensive lateral space totalling some 3,360 sq ft (315.12 sqm), available through Prime London. The apartment benefits from exquisite finishes and integrated media and room comfort controls, and commences with ..."
"A contemporary lateral penthouse apartment with high ceilings and extensive outdoor space. This stunning penthouse benefits from direct lift access and is set across 2,884 sq ft. It showcases a principal suite with a walk-in wardrobe, two en suite bathrooms and a separate WC. There are two addit..."
"A rare and unique opportunity to acquire the main penthouse at St. Pancras Chambers, an icon of London architecture and perhaps the most revered gothic building in the world, designed by George Gilbert Scott and completed in 1873."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious four bedroom Victorian family home located in the heart of the popular Furzedown. Offering a great amount of potential and boasting an abundance of period features throughout, this property is a must see. Call to view!"
"This wonderful 7 bedroom, 3 storey grade II listed Georgian gem is discreetly located, set back from the road approached via a 130' driveway.The spacious accommodation retains many period features including, paneling , ceiling moulds, fireplaces, intricate door surrounds."
"A penthouse apartment with views over Hyde Park for sale in Knightsbridge SW1X. A penthouse apartment with exceptional views of Hyde Park, situated on the 8th and 9th floors to the rear of this historic Edwardian mansion block, the property benefits from three fabulous roof terraces overlooking ..."
A beautifully developed penthouse set within a handsome stucco terrace with direct lift access and air conditioning.
"A contemporary and impressive penthouse apartment with direct lift access and private parking, for sale in Mayfair W1K. This impressive penthouse apartment benefits from direct lift access and comprises three en suite bedrooms, bright and spacious living areas, and private balconies. The propert..."
"A beautiful stucco fronted Grade II listed townhouse in arguably the most favourable part of Egerton Crescent featuring an exceptional private garden. A beautiful stucco fronted, Grade II listed townhouse in arguably the most favourable part of Egerton Crescent. Offering charming views down the..."
An exclusive five bedroom Georgian townhouse for sale in Fitzrovia. A unique opportunity to purchase this exclusive Georgian townhouse that has been beautifully renovated and restored to an exceptionally high standard encompassing a modern glass extension and conservatory. Spreading across five ...
"Unbroken Freehold Investment building comprising six apartments in South Kensington. Bina Gardens is a quiet street in the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea (RBKC), just off the Old Brompton Road. South Kensington and Gloucester Road underground stations are a short walk away."
A four bedroom Penthouse apartment in this stylish brand new development with beautiful open-plan reception / dining / kitchen space and a secluded decked roof terrace.
"Three bedroom plus study penthouse for sale in Marylebone. A beautifully developed, fully furnished three bedroom plus study penthouse expanding over two floors. The apartment showcases an abundance of entertaining space with a dual aspect vaulted living area featuring 8 windows with far-reachin..."
"An exceptional four bedroom penthouse apartment for sale in Kensington, with a sensational roof terrace. Introducing an exceptional boutique Kensington development, 9 St Mary Abbot's Place comprises of five apartments, with a selection of 3 and 4 bedrooms, including a sensational penthouse apart..."
"An attractive Grade II Listed property, situated just off Harley Street."
"An excellent investment opportunity to acquire a freehold stucco fronted period house in this sought-after residential area of Kensington and Chelsea, currently arranged as 6 flats, the majority are currently let."
"Ref. LOB0837 - A contemporary and impressive penthouse apartment with direct lift access comprising 3 ensuite bedrooms, bright and spacious living areas and private balconies. The apartment features an expansive double-height entryway and has access to a wrap-around roof terrace with views acr..."
"A 3 bedroom, 3 bathroom apartment set on the 48th floor with access to 2 terraces. Residents will be greeted by the friendly 24-hour concierge, also benefitting from a range of amenities that include a lap pool, spa, a state-of-the-art gym, cinema, and a private residents lounge. There are subter..."
An Incredible duplex penthouse apartment in Principal Tower EC2A.
"A beautiful, wide and recently refurbished house quietly situated on St Luke’s Street, Chelsea. The property presents a rare opportunity to own a turn-key home in the heart of Chelsea. The house has been entirely restructured and refurbished to the highest international standards. The house is e..."
"Situated in the mid-section of one of Belgravia's premier mews, this freehold property has a magnificent frontage of 40ft/12.3m, offering the wonderful lateral living space many desire."
"An elegant Grade II listed townhouse occupying a prime position in the square, this ´key house´ has a
south facing aspect overlooking the communal gardens."
"Magnificent Belgravia mews house with a 40 ft / 12.3 m frontage in one of Belgravia's premier mews. With 3,200 sq ft / 297.4 sq m on predominantly three floors, it offers the wonderful lateral living space many desire, with rooms fitted and decorated with incredible quality and flair. ..."
"A wonderful Grade II listed family house with a 60ft south facing garden, situated on a prominent address just off Belgrave Square."
"In this gated road opposite the grounds of Kenwood House with an on-site security guard, a fine detached freehold residence of 6900 sq ft with a beautiful landscaped level garden offering excellent privacy and incorporating a swimming pool. The house is arranged over 3 floors with elegan..."
"A 1st floor lateral four bedroom apartment in this brand new development with roof terrace, direct lift access and concierge service."
A beautifully finished penthouse apartment with impressive views over London and Lord's Cricket Ground.
"To be sold at an online auction. For further information, viewing times and legal documentation, please visit bidx1.com."
"A 7 bedroom house for sale in Chester Square, Belgravia SW1. Covering approximately 4,060 square feet, this impressive white stucco-fronted house is presented in good condition throughout and is arranged traditionally with the principal accommodation arranged over three floors. There is a dining..."
"A large three 3 bedroom apartment overlooking Mount Street Gardens. This large three bedroom mansion block apartment on South Street has been transformed by award-winning developers, Luxlo, to create a sophisticated London home. With direct views over Mount Street Gardens, the generous lateral..."
"REF: AR0549 ***TOP FLOOR PENTHOUSE // CENTRAL LOCATION*** An impressive split level Penthouse in the heart of The City of London. Principal Tower has arguably the best views of the capital especially from this 3 bedroom, 3 bathroom apartment with a breath-taking terrace.
"
A newly refurbished luxury apartment set within an impressive mansion block.
"Principal Tower Penthouse is an architectural masterpiece, equivalent to a priceless piece of art, that will give constant pleasure and lasting value."
"Beautiful 3 bedroom 48th and 49th floor duplex penthouse with North, East and South views located in the 50 storey tower and landmark development Principle Tower. 5 local major transport hubs within walking distance, making it convenient to access all corners of the capital."
"Enviably located in the heart of Mayfair, this large three bedroom mansion block apartment on South Street was transformed by award-winning developers, Luxlo, to create a sophisticated home in one of the most sought after residential districts of London."
"Set on the 48th floor of the prestigious Principle Tower is a truly stunning 3 bedroom duplex apartment with breath-taking views of the city. This particular north, south and east facing unit is one of many in a 50 storey high luxury development with wall to floor glass exterior and spacious livi..."
"WELCOME TO PRINCIPAL TOWER, London's premier luxury residential skyscraper located at 2 Principal Place, Worship Street in the heart of the City of London, the financial district of London... ctd..."
"A remarkable and substantial five bedroom family home, beautifully designed to an exceptional level to fully encompass the desirable luxury Chelsea lifestyle."
"A unique opportunity to purchase a newly completed, immaculate three bedroom PENTHOUSE located in the iconic Boiler House in the Battersea Power Station. The duplex apartment on the 11th and 12th floors, comprises 2,825sq ft of living space with a GENEROUSLY sized PRIVATE TERRACE and SUPERB VIEWS."
"Key Features: - An edgeless infinity pool - Spa, sauna and state-of-the-art gym - Cinema and Residents Lounge - 24-hour concierge service - Prestigious location at the heart of London - Foster + Partners design - Named 'Best High Rise Living' by Luxury Lifestyle A..."
"Principal Tower is the first residential tower in London fully-designed by world-renowned Foster + Partners and combines remarkable architecture and breath-taking views with a stylish design of the highest specification. Residents will be greeted by the friendly 24-hour concierge, al..."
"Bright and sunny split-level apartment in a Grade II listed building, neighbouring the King’s Palace. Finished to a high standard with three ensuite bedrooms and high ceilings throughout."
"An impressive lateral four bedroom apartment with terrace for sale in Kensington, W8. Introducing an exceptional boutique Kensington development, 9 St Mary Abbot's Place comprises of five apartments, with a selection of 3 and 4 bedrooms, including a sensational penthouse apartment. With three d..."
"An unusual opportunity to acquire one of the best apartments in the building, this three Bedroom duplex family apartment (245 sq m/2,637 sq ft) is situated on the ninth and tenth floors of this landmark development. Providing excellent entertaining space and outstanding views over Lord..."
"A fantastic 4 bedroom lateral apartment for sale in Belgravia, SW1. A highly sought after lateral apartment situated on the ground and first floor in one of Belgravia's most exclusive developments. This immaculate apartment benefits from extremely impressive living and entertaining space throug..."
"A spacious first floor apartment for sale in the heart of Mayfair W1K This exceptional, Grade II listed apartment is a first-floor lateral conversion, spanning two Victorian buildings. The property is immaculately presented and benefits from a dual aspect, with views onto prestigious Mount Stree..."
"Ref. LOB0723 - A spectacular fourth four apartment comprising three bedrooms located within the exquisite New One Queen Anne's Gate Development featuring immaculate interiors including Herringbone Timber floors, and collaboration of period and modern design which draws on the historic nature o..."
"A 3-bedroom triplex apartment with garden views, offering residents a once-in-a-generation lifestyle opportunity to live in a reimagined John Nash masterpiece."
"Regent's Crescent offers its residents a once-in-a-generation opportunity. This triplex three-bedroom apartment is located on the lower mezzanine, first, and upper mezzanine floors offering 2,146 sq ft of living space finished to the highest standard and beautiful views into the adjacent private..."
"A large duplex apartment of 3,380 square feet with a large wrap around landscaped courtyard garden of over 900 square feet, set within an impressive period stuccoed building located just off Berkeley Square."
"A beautifully appointed four bedroom (all ensuite) mews house located on Westbourne Grove Mews, only moments from one of the worlds finest shopping districts in Notting Hill. The property benefits form a media room, swimming pool, jacuzzi and a garage"
A well proportioned one bedroom flat on the fifth floor of a prime newly built development at the western end of Kensington High Street.
"Four bedroom apartment for sale in Mayfair, W1J This beautifully refurbished apartment is split over the raised ground and lower ground floors of an impressive period building located off Berkeley Square in the heart of Mayfair. At ground floor level the apartment offers a stunning principal r..."
"AN ELEGANT, FIVE BEDROOM, DUPLEX APARTMENT IN REGENT’S PARK LOCATED IN ONE OF THE MOST EXCLUSIVE ADDRESSES IN THE CROWN ESTATE. This duplex apartment situated within a handsome French second empire style terrace built c. 1875, located opposite Regent’s Parks 487 acres of ro..."
"AN ELEGANT, FIVE BEDROOM, DUPLEX APARTMENT IN REGENT’S PARK LOCATED IN ONE OF THE MOST EXCLUSIVE ADDRESSES IN THE CROWN ESTATE"
"One of only five Grade II listed freehold houses set back behind a gravel drive in St Leonard's Terrace, with the benefit of off street parking for one car."
An elegantly restored Georgian townhouse with period features and luxury contemporary living.
"One of the largest duplex 'Villas' set on top of the boiler square of the Battersea Power Station which is currently being restored. This 3 bedroom, 4 bathroom home offers a generous amount of outdoor space."
"A striking lateral Penthouse apartment (approximately 4,036 sq ft) with extensive terracing situated in a portered building with allocated parking in a prime location. A striking lateral Penthouse apartment (approximately 4,036 sq ft) with extensive terracing situated in a portered building with..."
A spectacular lateral penthouse with direct views over the London skyline
"Marylebone Square is a collection of 54 high-end apartments, carefully chosen boutiques and restaurants and a versatile Community Hall."
"A stunning and contemporary four bedroom lateral flat with the rarity of a private roof terrace, 24 hour Porter and underground parking."
"""A substantial six bedroom grade 2 listed freehold house forming part of this elegant Georgian Terrace in the heart of Kensington with private underground parking."""
"We have great pleasure in introducing to you a 'Work of Art' contemporary home located on Totteridge Common. Please contact Statons for further information, a bespoke brochure and viewing arrangements. Freehold Local Authority: London Borough of Barnet Counc..."
A beautifully presented lateral flat in a period purpose built building with lift and porter
"A substantial 3 double bedroom, 3 bathroom apartment set on the 8th floor within a beautiful new build located in the centre of Knightsbridge."
"This property is unique within this iconic building by Norman Foster, who arranged the internal layout for the current owner. Four flats were joined together to create an apartment that sits within the most desirable position within this modern and unusually shaped building. This ensures that the..."
"A superb 3 bedroom apartment for sale in Lancelot Place, SW7 An exceptional three bedroom apartment situated in a modern and portered building with full leisure facilities and two underground parking spaces. This spacious property on the 8th floor benefits from a west-facing private terrace are..."
"A truly exceptional apartment on the 5th floor with a full length west-facing balcony, gated grounds, off-street parking and 24hr security."
"Ref. - This expansive, fifth-floor apartment, local to Kensington Gardens and Kensington High Street, benefits from 24hr porter and security. This gated property is one of Kensington's most prestigious addresses and is rarely found on the open market. The home comprises an elegant double rece..."
"Architecturally designed with a nod to the gothic period, this detached Victorian house occupies a stunning corner plot. Set behind gates the front door opens onto a central entrance hall which in turn leads to all rooms on this level and features a grand staircase leading to the bedroom levels...."
"PADDINGTON'S FIRST SUPER PRIME WATERFRONT APARTMENT. This rare & spacious lateral 5 bedroom, 5 bathroom apartment is a LABOUR OF LOVE which took 4 years to complete, It boasts over 3900 sq ft of living space in addition to 4 spacious balconies and a private screening room. 3 p..."
"A unique detached seven bedroom family house with a wonderful west facing garden, off street parking for two cars and a swimming pool in Wimbledon Village."
"A beautifully presented four bedroom apartment, benefitting from impressive ceiling heights throughout, as well as benefitting from its own front door and private courtyard garden."
EXCLUSIVELY OFF-MARKET LUXURY DUPLEX APARTMENT OPPORTUNITY FOR THE DISCERNING WORLD CLASS PURCHASER. A unique opportunity by potentially creating the amalgamation of 2 truly stunning apartments into one DUPLEX residence.
"An outstanding lateral apartment with unparalleled river views. This property is unique within this iconic building by Norman Foster, who arranged the internal layout for the current owner. Four flats were joined together to create an apartment that sits within the most desirable position within..."
"A charming semi-detached four bedroom house with a west facing garden in the heart of Hampstead Village. Arranged over two floors and set back from the road the ground floor comprises a large entrance hall, a reception room with big window flooding the room with natural light, a dining room which..."
"An immaculately presented four bedroom apartment, arranged over one floor, in a prime residential block with a lift and a porter."
An architecturally impressive gothic style detached house offering generous living and entertainment space.
"Located in one of Belgravia's premier private Mews, this superbly presented 5 Bedroom Mews house is over 4 floors and extends to just under 4000 sq ft. Ideally positioned for the international amenities of Belgravia and Knightsbridge. Being on the island section of the mews, this discrete propert..."
"A very well arranged Grade II listed Georgian house which benefits from a large garden, under ground parking for 2 cars, and access to communal Gardens."
An expansive and elegant three double bedroom apartment laid out across the eighth floor of this highly desirable Knightsbridge apartment building.
"Introducing a stunning penthouse flat in the highly desirable Clarges Street, Mayfair. Boasting luxurious living spaces and unparalleled convenience, this exquisite four-bedroom, three-bathroom apartment spans across the top floor of a beautifully maintained building, providing an elegant and pr..."
"A distinguished low-built house over 3 floors with lift, conveniently located between the Belgrave and Eaton squares in the heart of Belgravia. It  benefits from 2 spacious reception rooms, 4 double bedrooms and 4 bathrooms. Property Tenure - Freehold"
"A charming three bedroom apartment located in the heart of Knightsbridge with direct lift access and concierge. Situated on the second floor the property spans approximately 3,608 sq ft with ceiling heights in excess of 3m, interior designed by Tessa Kennedy and offers excellent entertaining space."
A rarely available three bedroom second floor (with lift) apartment offering incredible south facing views across leafy Hyde Park.
"Situated on the second floor of an exclusive apartment building, located in the heart of Knightsbridge opposite the Carlton Tower Hotel. The apartment (interior designed by Tessa Kennedy) is both light and spacious (3,915 sq.ft. / 363.7 sq.m.) with two large reception rooms (3.2m ceiling height..."
"Rare to the market, an attractive low-built four bedroom house spanning just three storeys, situated at this superb Belgravia location."
"A truly impressive apartment spanning over 3500 sqft, occupying the second floor of this grand period building with resident porter on Sloane Street, in the heart of Knightsbridge. "
"Situated within this exclusive period building and benefitting from direct lift access and a concierge, is this opulent family apartment, interior designed by Tessa Kennedy, spanning three buildings on Sloane Street and comprising 3,618 Sq Ft. Boasting ceiling heights in excess of 3m in the princ..."
"A beautifully presented three bedroom apartment with unprecedented west facing views overlooking Green Park, for sale in the heart of St James's, SW1A This spectacular duplex apartment offers wonderful entertaining space, with floor to ceiling windows framing leafy views of Green Park. The newly..."
"An impressive and generously proportioned second floor lateral flat, spanning three buildings, with direct lift access and concierge in this highly sought after building."
The width and arrangement of the house enables all the day to day living to be on the ground floor which is wonderfully light with a south east facing aspect. The house has five en suite bedrooms and is only 800m from Sloane Sq.
"The Cloister presents a luxurious triplex apartment approx. 3,466 sq ft consisting of entertaining space overlooking Brown Hart Gardens. Arranged over 3 floors, this bright and spacious apartment boasts two impressive reception rooms, plus a separate dining room."
"An impressive 5-6 bedroom house with a garden for sale in the Hyde Park Estate, W2. Upon entering this large yet unassuming house you are welcomed with a bright and appealing entrance hall with an attractive sweeping staircase. All the rooms at the rear of the house are filled with natural ligh..."
"Wilton Lodge is a unique rare low built freehold house, with lift access to all floors, located in one of the capital's most prestigious neighbourhoods, between Belgrave Square and Eaton Square and within walking distance to Mayfair and the West End."
"Regent's Crescent offers its residents a once-in-a-generation opportunity. This lateral apartment is located on the 3rd floor offering 2,120 sq ft of living space with beautiful views into the adjacent private park. This 3-bedroom family home is an entertainers paradise with open-plan living pr..."
A spectacular duplex apartment with wonderful entertaining space with floor to ceiling windows framing leafy views of Green Park. 
"A beautifully-designed, new three bedroom three bathroom duplex apartment (2,645 sqft /246 sqm including storage) on the ground and lower ground floors of this small, discreet block set behind a magnificent white stucco-fronted period building in the heart of Belgravia. The apartment has been int..."
"Ref. LOB0753 - Originally built in the 1830s, and designed by renowned architect, Thomas Cubitt, Chesham Street is a quiet residential road that radiates the grandeur and elegance of the Victorian era. This elegant duplex apartment occupies the ground and lower-ground floors of the development..."
A wonderful one bedroom raised ground floor flat which boasts an incredible light flooded reception room and period features. An ideal first time buy or pied a terre.
This is a rare low built house with a lift to all floors.
"Arranged over the 14th, 15th and 16th floors, the Lillie Square development is offering this outstanding 3 bedroom Penthouse (with study), 3 bathrooms, 2 terraces and access to a superb private members club."
"A stunning south facing Duplex Penthouse set within Lillie Square. Viewings strictly by appointment only. A south facing duplex, 3 bedroom plus study Penthouse set on the 14th and 15th floors of One Lillie Square SW6. This apartment has direct access to the Residents only Club House at the base..."
A superb four bedroom family home with 50 ft south facing private garden situated in a highly sought after location in the heart of Little Venice. This Grade II listed villa has been meticulously refurbished by the present owners with particular attention has been paid in restoring the buildings...
"Rare to the market, these two adjoining Montpelier Place houses have been seamlessly joined to create a superb and very special double house with over 3,200 sq ft of lateral living accommodation."
An exceptional freehold house situated in Little Venice
A low-built detached family home (678.2 sq.m / 7300 sq. ft) arranged over three floors only; along with a self contained 2-bedroom apartment set behind a carriage driveway providing off-street parking for up to seven / eight cars with a separate garage. The lateral space on the ground...
"A new three bedroom duplex of 2,357 sq ft with its own front door and patio garden. Accomodation includes reception, study, openplan kitchen-diner, utility room, three bedrooms, three ensuite bathrooms and separate WC. The state of the art kitchen is perfect for cooking and entertaining. Each bed..."
"Luxurious 27th floor 3 bedroom penthouse apartment in the heart of London. One Crown Place, is an exciting new development in Shoreditch, EC2 The Sophie Ashby Collection comprises eleven premium apartments on the upper floors of the North and South towers. There are one and ..."
Two adjacent apartments (2105 sq ft/196 sq m) located on the first floor of this premier Knightsbridge development. The one bed and two bed apartments are presented in excellent condition and feature full air conditioning throughout and polished timber hardwood floors in the living areas. Accommo...
"An exceptional, high specification five bedroom apartment in The Bridge, SW11. A unique opportunity to to acquire an apartment of approximately 2,870 sq ft facing directly to Battersea Park. Offering five bedrooms, five bathrooms this luxurious high-end property is a rare find. With Italian sto..."
"An exceptional three bedroom lateral apartment with private balcony and parking, for sale in Mayfair, W1K. This outstanding apartment is situated within a stylish Mayfair development with lift access and 24 hour porter. It features a spacious 33 ft long reception/dining room with six sets of fr..."
"A rare and outstanding modern townhouse presented in fabulous condition, offering extensive accommodation over six floors with a lift servicing all levels. The house, built in 2012 by the high-end property group, Morpheus London, is discreetly positioned on this quiet Chelsea street and once insi..."
"ONE-OF-A-KIND ! 4 bedroom 3.5 bathroom LARGE (6,147 sq ft total area) Penthouse located on the 17th and 18th floor in Phase 1 of the Battersea Power Station development with large Roof Terrace and unique views of London."
"A once-in-a-generation opportunity to acquire a home in the iconic Battersea Power Station. Sky Villa 32 at Boiler House Square is the ultimate address at Battersea Power Station. This three-bedroom plus study penthouse benefits from its own private garden, balcony and roof terrace equating to 2..."
"A stunning 5 bedroom house onto communal gardens in Notting Hill, W11 Introducing a spectacular family home located in the heart of Notting Hill, set within the magnificent Arundel / Ladbroke communal gardens. This stunning five bedroom home boasts a southerly aspect, allowing for an abundance..."
"4 bedroom penthouse apartment for sale in the Lancasters, Hyde Park, W2. For sale a wonderful duplex penthouse apartment in Hyde Park W2 which has fantastic views across Hyde Park. The Lancasters is one of W2's most desirable addresses offering 24 hour concierge service, valet parking, spa and..."
"A charcoal-black façade sits boldly amongst Westbourne Grove’s rows of pastel-toned townhouses. Inside, the heritage grandeur of this six-bedroom home has been redrawn with awe-inspiring contemporary imagination. The ground-floor reception room sets a tone of stylish elegance, with dark wood fl..."
DIRECT FROM DEVELOPER This stunning Sky Villa sits at the top of the Power Station with a unique perspective of the chimneys. The bright and spacious interiors benefit from floor-to-ceiling windows and double-height atriu...
"A rare opportunity to acquire this stunning Grade II listed property, overlooking a highly sought after garden square in the heart of Marylebone. This beautiful freehold property, with bespoke interiors, boasts a large reception room and dining room, kitchen and a luxurious master suite."
"Opportunity to acquire, one of the very few 'duplex villas in the sky' set on top of the boiler square of the Battersea Power Station which is currently being restored. This 3 bedroom, 4 bathroom home offers generous amount of outdoor space."
"On one of Notting Hill’s most coveted streets, this six-bedroom townhouse is a masterstroke of voluminous proportions and state-of-the-art interior design."
"Beautifully presented, comprising 2 reception rooms, a modern fitted kitchen and lean too with access on to the rear garden, whilst upstairs is split over 2 floors offering 3 bedrooms and a bathroom plus a study / bedroom 4."
"An extremely attractive, 5 bedroom house for sale in Belgravia, SW1. This superb white stucco fronted townhouse is set back from the road behind a private garden and is located on Gerald Road, which is generally regarded as one of the finest addresses in Belgravia. Accommodation, which covers ap..."
"Elegant duplex penthouse apartment arranged over 3,466 sq ft overlooking the charming Brown Hart Gardens"
"A luxurious triplex five bedroom apartment for sale in the heart of Mayfair W1K Arranged over three floors, this bright apartment of 3,466 sqft provides an abundance of entertaining space and overlooks the charming Brown Hart Gardens. It benefits from lift access and impressive ceiling heights ..."
*DIRECT FROM THE DEVELOPER*Battersea Power Station Development Company are delighted to present this stunning three bedroom apartment with addit...
An elegant five bedroom apartment in an attractive red brick building located on one of Mayfair's premier streets.
"A luxurious five bedrooms, four bathroom apartment with high ceilings and generous entertaining spaces located just by Grosvenor Square. Comprising a large open plan kitchen with wooden flooring, impressive hallway; benefiting from lift access."
"Three Bedroom Apartment for sale in Marylebone W1 An exquisite three bedroom lateral apartment newly renovated to an exceptionally high standard, offering sleek and spacious interiors that incorporate the latest in modern technology.
The entrance hall with polished plaster and feature lighting i..."
"Rare direct river facing 5 bedroom, 5 bathroom apartment with 3160 sq ft of internal space and 323 sq ft of outside space. Situated on the fourth floor of Claydon House this large lateral apartment boasts river views and offers 5 bedrooms, 5 bathrooms, 3160 sq ft of internal space and 32..."
"A one-of-a-kind apartment with spectacular views of London This impressive three-bedroom 'Vantage Collection' apartment offering 2,133 sq ft living space spans across half the 26th floor which allows a private entrance directly from the lift. With panoramic views spanning across the whole apartm..."
"A fabulous three bedroom apartment in a development currently under construction in the heart of Marylebone. The flat contains a large reception room, open-plan kitchen and three bedrooms with ensuite bathrooms. High-quality, natural materials such as oak flooring, bronze-coated windows and stone..."
Three bedroom apartment with study on the third floor.
"A magnificent double fronted house for sale in Kensington, W8 A magnificent double fronted house occupying approximately 5,192 sq ft, in need of complete refurbishment. The house has generously proportioned rooms with excellent volume and width. There is an integral garage with the potential fo..."
"A handsome detached house set behind a carriage driveway, discreetly located off one of London's most prestigious Avenues. Willowbrook offers spacious living over two floors only, spanning some 6,840 sq ft (635 sq m). Accommodation comprises; Large family reception room, dining room, family room,..."
A Palazzo-style mews home that takes scale and grandeur to the next level. State-of-the-art design and a triple-height void.
"An outstanding first floor apartment offering exceptional lateral living in the thriving artistic hub of Notting Hill. One of just three apartments in this handsome white stucco fronted building, a former convent set back from Westbourne Grove. The apartment has been the subject of a passionate a..."
"A detached house in White Lodge Close, N2 White Lodge Close is a private, gated road located just off The Bishops Avenue, one of London's most prestigious roads. Comprising of 6,840 sq ft and arranged over 2 storeys only, this fantastic lateral house includes four separate living areas, a si..."
"A wonderful 3 bedroom apartment with spa facilities for sale in Mayfair, W1S. Located in the heart of Mayfair, Burlington Gate provides a selection of galleries and high quality residential apartments within one of the first newly constructed buildings in the area. Moments from the Royal Academ..."
Boutique development of 31 Autograph Collection branded residences in the heart of Chelsea.
"A wonderful Grade II Listed house, built in the late 1820s by the celebrated architect George Basevi, situated on this highly sought after garden square."
"A magnificent double fronted house occupying approximately 5,192 sq ft, in need of complete modernisation. The house has generously proportioned rooms with excellent volume and width."
"A beautifully presented second floor apartment for sale in a prestigious portered building in Mayfair, W1K. Rarely found in Mayfair, this superb apartment is located on the second floor of a portered mansion block, just moments from Berkeley Square. The property has been recently refurbished to ..."
"Ref. LOB0831 - Located within a magnificent Grade II listed property, this spacious, lateral apartment benefits from 24hr porter, lift access and views of the Royal Albert Hall and Hyde Park. The impressive home comprises 4 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms with two large reception rooms, an eat-in kit..."
"Beautifully designed two bedroom apartment for sale in a discreet new development in Mayfair, W1K This stunning, lateral apartment forms part of a brand new, highly specified, discreet development, designed by Architect Studio Mackereth, developed by Glebe and with concierge services provided by..."
The Lucan is a collection of 31 luxury interior designed apartments in the heart of Chelsea
A larger than usual three bedroom apartment with extensive living and entertaining space with direct access onto a beautiful paved garden and a private terrace off the principal bedroom.
"One of central London’s largest most visionary regeneration projects with one of the country’s most well-known cultural and architectural landmarks, the iconic Grade II* listed Power Station"
A beautifully presented Grade II listed house for sale in Knightsbridge A beautifully presented Grade II listed house located in a highly desirable terrace of houses with private parking and overlooking a communal garden. This impressive Georgian house is in a key position with open westerly vie...
"A second floor, three-bedroom apartment with a 115 sqft balcony, set within this most eagerly awaited residential development to be built in Marylebone over recent decades."
"Marylebone Square is central London’s latest and only new build. A collection of 54 luxury apartments for sale, carefully chosen boutiques and restaurants, and a versatile community hall. A contemporary interpretation of a classic London mansion block, Marylebone Square seamlessly blen..."
A well proportioned 3 bedroom apartment occupying the second floor of this new exclusive development by Concord London
"Marylebone Square is a luxurious scheme on a prime piece of storied real estate in a district rich in culture and history. This one bedroom apartment has a separate study, ideal for those working from home, along with a private balcony. *Virtual Viewing available on request*"
"A second floor, South East facing three bedroom, three bathroom apartment set within this most eagerly awaited residential development to be built in the heart of Marylebone Village just off the High Street. Marylebone Square is set to be the only new build, whol..."
A superb 3 bedroom penthouse set within this most eagerly awaited residential development to be built in Marylebone over recent decades.
"Ground Rent: 3 beds: £1,500 per annum Estimated Service Charge: £7.50 to £8.50 per sqft per annum Leasehold: 999 Years Storage available upon request"
"Exclusive 3 bedroom 4 bathroom Sky Villa set on top of the boiler square of the Battersea Power Station which is currently being restored. This 3 bedroom, 4 bathroom home offers generous amount of outdoor space."
A detached low built Victorian house set back behind a private walled garden.
"Ref. LOB0738 - A detached low built Victorian house set back behind a private walled garden. The property is arranged over four floors and offers lateral entertaining space as well as generous bedroom accommodation. Further benefits include a large private walled landscaped garden, off..."
"A fabulous unlisted, low-build villa with large private garden and planning permission for substantial extension. "
Stunning three-bedroom home on the second floor of this brand new development with 24-hour concierge. Parking available by separate negotiation. 
"Sole Agent: First time on the market for 25 years, a unique opportunity to purchase this six bedroom, period freehold house, set over five floors, measuring approximately 5280 sq ft /490 sq m, located on Warrington Crescent, which is one of the prettiest and most sought after streets in Little Ve..."
"Situated in a highly sought after location in the heart of Totteridge Common, Long Pond House is set within 2 acres of the most beautiful south facing landscaped gardens and offers superb living accommodation arranged over 3 floors."
"A luxury eight/ninth floor Penthouse apartment totalling 4000sqft internal space, 3500sqft terrace space, two private lifts and two garages. "
"Exceptional 8 bedroom house for sale on prestigious Connaught Square, W2. A grand Grade II listed Georgian townhouse for sale on the sought-after Connaught Square W2 that has been meticulously restored, with access to the private gardens and located within close proximity to the green open space..."
"Atwood Road, London W6 This charming flat fronted early Victorian cottage has the benefit of planning consent (2021/00930/FUL) for a 3.5 meter ground floor extension a loft conversion and pod over the rear addition to create an idyllic and highly desirable family home for years to com (cont.)"
An exceptional one bedroom apartment for sale in this much sought after development in Knightsbridge. One Hyde Park is possibly the most exclusive address in the world.
"An impressive detached family home in a highly sought after address in the heart of Totteridge Village. This mid-20th century architecturally designed family home comprises of three good sized reception rooms, a large kitchen/breakfast room, an office, a plant room, bedroom six, downs..."
Charming Chelsea townhouse with its own private garage
A stunning lateral 3 double bedroom apartment set within the exclusive development of Holland Park Villas next to Holland Park.
A river facing Penthouse apartment arranged on the eighth/ninth floors of Regal House. 
One of Marylebone's finest apartments.
"A second floor, three bedroom apartment located within this prestigious Knightsbridge development with a 24-hour concierge service, residents swimming pool, gym, valet parking and a business centre."
"A wonderful six-bedroom detached house (6,311sq ft/586sq m) set in two acres of exquisite, landscaped gardens in this highly sought-after location on Totteridge Common. The property has been designed with a focus on family living and entertaining with all principal reception rooms giving acc..."
A 6 bedroom house for sale in Totteridge Common N20. Long Pond House is an exceptional home located in the heart of Totteridge Common. The house is set within 2 acres of beautifully landscaped gardens. The ground floor offers extremely spacious living accommodation. There is a kitchen/breakfas...
"Located close to the beautiful grounds of Kenwood House and Hampstead Heath, an elegant and substantial seven bedroom detached, gated house with integral leisure complex. The house sits in mature gardens and is immediately bordered by the grounds of Highgate Golf Club, of which it overlooks. "
"A unique opportunity to purchase this exceptional Grade II listed residence. Built in 1885 of Queen Anne style and incorporating many of the original features including stained glass windows, moulded brick work and well-proportioned rooms with high ceilings, this spacious family home is presented..."
"A remarkable seventh floor penthouse located in the heart of prime South Kensington, offering a beautiful, modern living space and featuring direct lift access."
"Situated on the seventh floor and covering in excess of 3000 sq ft including a wraparound decked terrace, this amazing apartment provides panoramic views of South Kensington and many of London's iconic landmarks. Developer - Michael Spink"
"Arcadia on Parkside was built by Hyatt Homes, (Evening Standard House builder of the year 2016), using latest design and innovative to create this state-of-the-art residence of over 6000 sq ft. located adjacent to Wimbledon Common."
"A stunning modern four bedroom family home in excellent condition with lift to all floors and single garage set in a tranquil location moments from Chelsea and South Kensington. The contemporary architectural design reflects the current demand for easy modern living, providing extremely spacious..."
"Ref. LOB0754 - Originally built in the 1830s, and designed by renowned architect, Thomas Cubitt, Chesham Street is a quiet residential road that radiates the grandeur and elegance of the Victorian era. This elegant apartment is located on the first floor of the development and benefits from na..."
"A Brand Newly Developed Three Double Bedroom, Four Bathroom Penthouse, offering stunning 360 Degree Panoramic Views over Central London (Spanning 4,665 Sq Ft / 433 Sq Meters Including Terrace). This stunning flat offers very generous contemporary accommodation featuring direct lift acces..."
"Beautiful two bedroom lateral apartment in the heart of Mayfair located within a moments walk of Piccadilly, Bond Street, and Berkeley Square"
"An elegant, new first floor lateral three bedroom three bathroom apartment of 2,029 sqft including separate storage, with roof terrace and balcony in this magnificent white stucco fronted building close to Sloane Square and Knightsbridge, for sale fully furnished and interior designed by Todhunte..."
"Breathtaking penthouse finished to the highest standard. A truly luxurious London home in the heart of South Kensington. 1600 square feet of private roof terrace, 360-degree views and elegant reception space make this a truly outstanding property. "
"A superb, extremely well proportioned penthouse apartment with excellent entertaining space, three bedrooms, three bathrooms and a magnificent roof terrace boasting a hot tub and far reaching views over London."
"An outstanding penthouse offering three double bedrooms and extensive outside space with stunning panoramic views over London. The property spans just over 3,000 sqft of lateral internal space, with 1,600 sqft of private outside space, on which sits a covered sun deck and jacuzzi. Offering d..."
"Situated in the leafy Oakhill area of Surbiton, this ground floor two bedroom apartment is being sold with no onward chain and is just a stones throw from Surbiton Station and Town Centre. It also falls within the catchment area for highly regarded schools and is surrounded by green spaces as wel..."
Beautifully furnished three bedroom penthouse located in the area of South Kensington.This spectacular penthouse apartment with direct lift access and a panoramic terrace is luxuriously designed throughout with bespoke.
A first floor apartment offering outstanding views of Regent’s Park and the Terrace's private gardens.
"With a highly desirable location moments from Hyde Park this stunning five bedroom low build house offers four floors of beautiful modern interiors, two private patio gardens and a gorgeous open-plan living space."
"Following an extensive full modernisation project painstakingly created over more than four years, this elegant and impressive three to four bedroomed triplex maisonette with wonderful proportions and a new long 999 year lease is positioned at the quiet northern end of this prominent Knightsbridg..."
"An outstanding penthouse with extensive outside space which includes a covered sun deck and jacuzzi, with stunning panoramic views over London."
"A Beautiful penthouse located in the heart of South Kensington, this luxury property offers a unique and bright large reception room, a dinner area room, modern kitchen, three double bedrooms, three en-suite bathrooms, a large walk in wardrobe, a Gym, a private jacuzzi and sun room with an incred..."
"A beautiful three bedroom lateral apartment with outstanding ceiling heights for sale in Mayfair, W1K This bright and spacious apartment is located on arguably London's most desirable street. Situated towards Berkeley Square, the property is perfectly positioned to take advantage of Mayfair's bo..."
"An outstanding three bedroom penthouse apartment with panoramic views over Central London. This generous sized property comprises of three large en suite double bedrooms (one with a large dressing room), a vaulted double aspect reception, kitchen dining room and a panoramic roof terrace with hot ..."
"Exceptional first floor apartment in Cumberland Terrace for sale overlooking Regent’s Park. This rarely available, lateral apartment has just been brand newly refurbished and interior designed with impeccable taste, very much in line with the character of Regent’s Park. "
"A bright and spacious two/three bedroom first floor lateral apartment located on arguably London`s most desirable street. Situated towards the Berkeley Square, the property is perfectly positioned to take advantage of Mayfair`s boutique shops, up-market restaurants and 5* hotels."
Ideally situated in this quiet backwater of Chelsea
"A beautiful 5 bedroom house with private terrace located on the Hyde Park Estate, W2. Refurbished throughout to a high standard, this five bedroom house occupies 4 floors of this beautiful property near the open spaces of Hyde Park. Positioned on one of the area's attractive streets, this proper..."
A three bedroom lateral apartment situated on the second floor of this luxury development located in the heart of Mayfair.
Ref. LOB0731 - Thurloe Street presents a spectacular 4 bedroom home which has been recently modernised to provide ample space for living and entertaining. The rear reception room is nestled inside a dramatic glass extension opening onto a private manicured garden area perfect for summer in the...
"This three bedroom, three bathroom and a guest cloakroom sub penthouse apartment provides spectacular views of the London Eye, the River Thames and the City of London."
"A well proportioned three bedroom lateral penthouse apartment of approximately 2,000 square feet. Situated on the fifth floor, this three bedroom apartment is situated in an elegant Victorian building, on one of Mayfair's most fashionable streets."
"This three bedroom lateral sub-penthouse apartment provides spectacular views of the London Eye, the River Thames and the City of London."
"An exceptional three-bedroom apartment for sale in a prestigious period building on one of Mayfair’s most luxurious streets. This well-proportioned, lateral penthouse apartment offers approximately 2,000 square feet of accommodation. Situated on the fifth floor, the apartment is located in an el..."
"Southbank Place is set in one of London's most desirable riverside locations. The development is now complete with exquisite show apartments to view, Set next to the London Eye, Southbank Place celebrates the rich history and heritage of its surroundings This landmark development provides the ..."
"Arranged over 3 floors, this amazing 3 bedroom apartment boasts luxurious interiors, featuring the main bedroom with a roof terrace and direct access to exclusive manicured communal gardens in the heart of Mayfair."
"An exceptional, well proportioned lateral apartment situated on The Bishops Avenue N2. An exceptional, well proportioned lateral apartment in pristine condition, designed to the highest standard. Measuring to approximately 4,222 square ft, this substantial three bedroom home feels larger than li..."
"A substantial semi-detached period house, approached via a sweeping gated driveway, set in one of the most idyllic locations abutting Hampstead Heath and a short distance from Golders Hill Park, located between Hampstead Village and Golders Green, both of which offer excellent shopping and transp..."
A beautiful lateral apartment that has been comprehensively refurbished to provide well proportioned accommodation.
"Location, location location..... A period two double bedroom converted apartment within walking distance to Blackheath Village and the station, a commuters dream!"
"An exquisite, Grade II listed double fronted Georgian town house located in a delightfulposition towards the sumitt of Hampstead Village."
"Beautiful three bedroom lateral apartment in the heart of Mayfair located within a moments walk of Piccadilly, Bond Street, and Berkeley Square"
A beautiful 4 bedroom apartment extending to 2171 sq ft in the heart of Knightsbridge with direct views overlooking Hyde Park. Upon entering the apartment there is a spacious and bright hallway leading to both sleeping and entertaining space.
"On the market for the first time in nearly fifty-seven years since the land was originally purchased, a rarely available low built, lateral two storey contemporary house of some 4,005 sq ft set on a site of nearly a 1/3rd acre and providing bright four/five bedroom family accommodation. The house..."
"A well presented apartment of 2,749 square feet in a well regarded Mansion Block"
"An impeccably presented lateral apartment, in the super-prime heart of Knightsbridge. Flooded with natural light, this beautiful property comprises a reception room and dining area, a bespoke marble kitchen, three well sized bedrooms and three bathrooms. The apartment further benefits from air ..."
"A grand Edwardian Grade II listed apartment building. A brand new, luxury three-bedroom apartment finished to the highest specification with no attention to detail spared; offers 2,468 sq ft of living space with impressive 3.6m ceiling heights and a balcony for extra outdoor living space. -..."
"Freehold refurbished house over four floors: 3 reception rooms, dining kitchen, six bedrooms all with en-suite shower/bathrooms, guest WC. Air conditioning throughout, underfloor heating, passenger lift, double-glazing, patio and access to the rooftop. "
A magnificent semi-detached five-bedroom stucco-fronted family house
"Measuring in excess of 5,000 sq ft (471.3 sq m), and arranged over just four floors, Cheniston Lodge offers exceptionally lateral accommodation. Each floor is serviced by a passenger lift."
"A substantial semi-detached period house, approached via a sweeping gated driveway, set in one of the most idyllic locations abutting Hampstead Heath and a short distance from Golders Hill Park, located between Hampstead Village and Golders Green."
"Ref. LOB0603 - Situated on the corner of Park Street and Wood Mews, this impressive period purpose-built block was constructed in 1924 by renowned builders Higgs & Hill. Beautifully interior designed with grand proportions and original period detailing, Park Street presents a charming three/fo..."
Three bedroom apartment with study available on the first floor.
Stunning New Development | 3 Bedroom Apartment | 1938 sq ft internal | Additional 104 sq ft terrace | First Floor | 4 Bathrooms | Moxon St Aspect | 24 Hour Concierge | 999 yr lease | High Quality natural materials | Separate Powder room | Utility Room & Guest Cloaks | High End AV System | Din...
"A large lateral three bedroom apartment plus study in Marylebone Square, a luxurious scheme on a prime piece of storied real estate in a district rich in culture and history. *Virtual Viewing available on request*"
"Offering 1,873 Sq Ft of lateral accommodation, this luxurious new build apartment offers three large bedrooms, three bathrooms, a study and a balcony in Central Marylebone. Marylebone Square is a rare opportunity to be part of the provenance of aristocratic estates in Central London. A contempora..."
Luxurious 3 bedroom in the most eagerly awaited residential development to be formed in Marylebone over recent decades.Nestled in the absolute epicentre of Marylebone Village only a stones throw from the much lauded and admired Marylebone High Street quarter
A six bedroom family home located in the heart of Chelsea close to Chelsea Green and the Kings Road
"Positioned on Keston Parks largest and arguably most desirable plot we find The Chestnuts, an impressive family home set in the heart of this prestigious gated Private Estate. Complete with its own extensive woodland, the plot of 2.5 acres affords a unique level of privacy and green space, toget..."
"Set behind security gates is this exquisite three bedroom, lateral apartment of 2255 sq ft/ 209.49 sq m, occupying a sought-after raised ground level position, located in an exclusive residential Edwardian building in the heart of Knightsbridge. The property has been refurbished to t..."
"An outstanding 5 bedroom house in excellent condition offering full amenities in Pelham Street, SW7 for sale This astonishing five bedroom home offers a uniquely extravagant lifestyle in South Kensington, on the Knightsbridge border. The house is unusually wide and lateral and has been complete..."
"Excellently located, this 1 bedroom flat presents modern accommodation within reach of bustling amenities and Kennington Station. It boasts a beautiful interior filled with natural light and neutral decor throughout."
"Ref. - A beautifully finished mews home on one of the most sought-after addresses in London. This tranquil home comprises four floors of accommodation with a large private roof terrace. The house has lift access throughout in addition to an integrated garage, contemporary finishings and large..."
"A well configured west facing apartment covering 1,695 sq ft set on the second floor of this prime landmark residential development in Knightsbridge. The property was interior designed by Candy & Candy and is beautifully presented throughout."
"REF: QUMIA & ANCOK
A remarkable and stunning masterpiece property located in Totteridge Common. This is a home that is only truly appreciated when seeing it in person"
"A rare opportunity to purchase a substantial detached seven bedroom residence (474.5 sq m/5,107 sq ft) on the west side of Hampstead. This house is situated on a wide corner plot on the junction of Oakhill Avenue and Greenaway Gardens, set back behind a gated driveway and mature front garden. The..."
"Penthouse duplex apartment, facing south from the best location on Eaton Square, with a new lease of 900 years to be granted to the purchaser. This is the original Thomas Cubitt designed Regency building on the square with high ceilings and beautiful period features throughout including an early ..."
"Located in one of the finest private roads in Hampstead Garden Suburb is this detached family home with beautiful original features, backing directly on to and enjoying spectacular views over the Hampstead Heath Extension. Arranged over three floors and spanning 6,394 Sq Ft (594 Sq M), this magni..."
"A luxurious, three bedroom lateral apartment of 2255 sq ft/ 209.49 sq m, in the heart of Knightsbridge. The property is ideally situated on the raised ground floor and has been refurbished to the highest standards with immaculate finishes in birds-eye walnut sycamore, fabric covered walls, polis..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire a wonderful semi-detached, period residence with a garage located on the highly desirable Regents Park Road. This outstanding six bedroom house offers a grand and well-proportioned accommodation including an extended living space under the garden, dual aspect recepti..."
Four Storey Freehold Mews House off Eaton Square
"Situated in a highly sought after location in the heart of Totteridge Common, Long Pond House is set within 2 acres of the most beautiful south facing landscaped gardens and offers superb living accommodation arranged over 3 floors. This wonderfully secluded house benefits from bright,..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a substantial detached seven bedroom residence (474.5 sq m/5,107 sq ft) on the west side of Hampstead. This house is situated on a wide corner plot on the junction of Oakhill Avenue and Greenaway Gardens, set back behind a gated driveway and mature front gar..."
Detached family home with a plethora of original features.
"A rare opportunity to acquire a wonderful semi-detached, period residence with a garage located on the highly desirable Regent's Park Road. This outstanding six bedroom house offers grand and well-proportioned accommodation including an extended living space under the garden, dual aspect receptio..."
"The property, which is located on the ground floor of the building, is offered in truly outstanding condition with high ceiling heights throughout the flat."
"A best in class, four bedroom duplex penthouse in the popular Chelsea Creek development. The property encompasses the sixth and seventh floor and offers approximately 3,885 sq ft of luxurious living space, offering an incoming purchaser the opportunity to own one of the best properties in the ar..."
"Located in one of the finest private roads in Hampstead Garden Suburb is this detached family home with a plethora of original features, backing directly on to and enjoying views over the Hampstead Heath Extension. Arranged over 3 floors and spanning 6,394 Sq Ft (594 Sq M), this magnific..."
"FREEHOLD FOR SALE Freehold interest: £750,000. Please note, the 100 year leasehold interest, which cannot be enfranchised, is being marketed independently for £6,750,000. Berkshire Hathaway HomeServices London is only instructed to sell the freehold interest. "
"This astonishing five bedroom home offers an uniquely extravagant lifestyle in South Kensington, on the Knightsbridge border. The house has a perfect layout and is offering nearly 4500 sq ft of accommodation, making it the perfect opportunity to make your family home."
A unique opportunity to acquire this substantial house and adjacent separate Coach House situated in one of Wimbledon Village's most prestigious roads occupying a plot of approx. half an acre including a studio bungalow with access from Parkside Gardens 
"A substantial house situated on a large plot with detached annex, on one of Wimbledon's most prime residential roads. An attractive six bedroom period house situated on a half acre plot offering good scope for development potential. The house itself is comprised over 5,150 sq ft with six bedro..."
"An immaculate lateral apartment for sale in Eaton Square, Belgravia SW1 This beautifully designed two/three bedroom apartment on the third floor offers the residents a standard of excellence which is rarely achieved. Enjoying a tranquil position on the south side of the square, the apartment has..."
"An exceptionally well designed lateral apartment located on the third floor of this prominent building on Eaton Square, with a private rear terrace. "
"Lateral Mews House in the heart of Belgravia, with flexible accommodation and a roof terrace. Rebuilt in 2012 behind the façade this is an exceptional and completely bespoke mews house measuring 2,991 sq ft of internal space with approximately 823 sq ft of a roof terrace. The house has been cl..."
"Ref. LOB0805 - This beautifully presented home was rebuilt in 2012 behind the facade of the original property and is one of few remaining freeholds on this desirable mews. The contemporary home has been thoughtfully designed to give a sense of space, light and width with excellent areas for en..."
Situated in the highly desirable Upton Park and offering all the space that you and your family could ever need is three double bedroom period terraced house and which is offer with all the advantages of being offered for sale with no onward chain
A very special three bedroom apartment on the favoured park side of the development that overlooks its own substantial private garden.
"A spectacular lateral garden apartment in a prestigous development on The Bishops Avenue with 4,100 sq ft of interior designed accommodation leading to a large dual aspect terrace. This apartment is fully air conditioned and fitted with state of the art technology including an integrated..."
"A one-of-a-kind apartment with spectacular views of London This impressive three-bedroom 'Vantage Collection' apartment offering 2,133 sq ft living space spans across half the 19th floor which allows a private entrance directly from the lift. With panoramic views spanning across the whole apartm..."
A stunning penthouse apartment within the highly sought after Kings Chelsea Development in Chelsea. Spanning in excess of 4050sqft this split level apartment is really quite impressive. The entrance to the property has impressive double doors and a large hallway with a beautiful stairca...
"A truly impressive and spacious interior-designed six bedroom penthouse apartment arranged over the two top floors with a combined floorspace in excess of 4,000 sqft with wrap around terraces providing un-interrupted skyline views over Chelsea and beyond. All bedrooms have en-suite marble bat..."
"*CHERRY PICKED INVESTORS PORTFOLIO* We are delighted to offer a 15 property, 17 bedroom investment portfolio split between built and off-plan properties, available for bulk sale or individual purchase. Contact our new homes team for further information. Located in prime, well selected ..."
A phenomenal six bedroom penthouse apartment spanning across two floors
EXCLUSIVELY OFF-MARKET TERRACED TOWN HOUSE FOR THE DISCERNING WORLD CLASS PURCHASER. 
"This stunning lateral three bedroom apartment offers great views over the River Thames, St Paul's cathedral and City of London, and is available for chain free sale through Prime London. This large 2,747 sq ft / 255 sq m apartment benefits from having a bright, impressive wrap around reception r..."
"Outstanding seven-bedroom luxury home on the slopes of Richmond Hill with spectacular swimming pool, large south-west facing garden and gated parking. "
"A luxury 3 bedroom, 3 bathroom penthouse apartment on the 7th floor of the exclusive Lillie Square development. Boasting an open plan living area that leads onto a large terrace space, 24 hour security and access to exclusive resident facilities. "
"4 bedroom penthouse with multiple terraces Lillie Square is an exclusive development, offering the character and heritage of London, together with the convenience of meticulously designed and impeccably serviced modern properties whilst being designed around the traditional concept of the Lon..."
"A detached four bed house set within a large plot on Winnington Road, N2. Occupying a prime position in one of London's most prestigious roads and set within a large South-East facing plot of approximately c.0.45 acres. The existing house, set behind a carriage driveway, is unmodernised and com..."
"This seven bedroom apartment is located on the raised and lower ground floors within this prestigious red brick mansions block, moments from the Royal Albert Hall."
This meticulously designed and built 4 bedroom luxury duplex penthouse is arranged on the 7th and 8th floors of a premier new development. The apartment boasts a full floor terrace and superior residents facilities.
"Incredible Duplex Sub-Penthouse, Spanning 2,005 Sq Ft / 186 Sq M, Comprising 3 Double Bedrooms, 2 En-Suite Bathrooms & A Further Guest Washroom. With Two Large Terraces boasting views of Hyde Park & The Mayfair Cityscape, This Stunning Sub-Penthouse Located On Marble Arch Provides A Fab..."
"An extremely spacious six bedroom flat arranged over 4,126 sq ft (383 sq m) on the ground and lower ground floor of a smart, secure Victorian period mansion block"
"An architecturally significant five bedroom detached house located in Hollycroft Avenue NW3 An exceptional detached family home built in 1907 and designed by renowned English architect Sir Guy Dawber, who worked in the late Arts and Crafts style. This beautiful home has been extended and upgrade..."
"A sensational 7 bedroom house for sale on Lyford Road, Wandsworth SW18 This spectacular seven bedroom, semi-detached, period property has an abundance of cleverly designed entertaining space and generous family accommodation. Approached via a pretty private drive with off street parking, the h..."
"Sublime, Modern and Spacious House"
This world class development sets a new benchmark for luxury living in London
"An exceptional three bedroom apartment on the second floor of this highly sought-after new development, with access to excellent facilities. This development offers the rare opportunity to purchase a fully-serviced apartment set within the quintessential Holland Park Estate. Residents have pri..."
"BrownRok are delighted to market this luxury apartment in this newly renovated development moments from St Johns Wood, Regents Park & Primrose Hill."
"Ref. LOB0760 - Originally built in the 1830s, and designed by renowned architect, Thomas Cubitt, Chesham Street is a quiet residential road that radiates the grandeur and elegance of the Victorian era. This elegant apartment is located on the top floor of the development and benefits from natu..."
"Beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached house in a sought after residential location backing onto woodland, boasting off street parking, garage and attractive private garden. Conveniently situated within a short walk of Kenley station and Purley town centre, the property provides brigh..."
"We are instructed to sell for and on behalf of Fixed Charge Receivers a unique apartment which occupies the entire ground, and part of the first floors of this imposing ""Arts & Craft"" Edwardian house. The property provides 387 sq m (4,168 sq ft) of lateral accommodation, whilst retaining the enti..."
"EXCLUSIVELY OFF-MARKET TERRACED HOUSE FOR THE DISCERNING WORLD CLASS PURCHASER. Quite simply a most unique classic freehold house completely refurbished to the most exacting of standards ,turnkey and access to communal gardens !"
"DAMAC Tower - A Unique Iconic Landmark Residential Building In The London Skyline. The First Designer Branded Portered Residence In Europe. 50 Floors Of Spectacular Opulence. The building will comprise light coloured stone, utilising glass reinforced concrete (GRC), and feature floor-to-..."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire an entire house that has been in the same family ownership since 1954! The property is in need of total refurbishment to bring it up to today's style of living. The property benefits from a large garden and basement area and is over 4200 sq ft. Houses of...
"A unique development opportunity in Wimbledon. Hillside House is a unique development opportunity in Wimbledon. The existing house is being sold with full planning permission, with all relevant planning conditions discharged, and comes complete with an assembled project team of architects, desig..."
"EXCLUSIVELY OFF-MARKET TOWN HOUSE FOR THE DISCERNING WORLD CLASS PURCHASER.We are proud to present this lateral four bedroom off-market home, which is located in a prime part of London. "
"A unique opportunity to purchase a detached home on a site measuring circa 3.9 acres surrounded by farmland with incredible views. The present owner achieved planning for a new build modern home (circa 8,500 square feet) with great entertainment areas and a 50 meter swimming pool. The planning ..."
"7 bedroom, 7 bathroom, 3 reception detached house located in Richmond"
"A rarely available, impressively wide, “three window” semi-detached house on sought after Willow Bridge Road."
One Thames city is a luxurious new development in the heart of the newly-regenerated Nine Elms - Step inside this fresh district of London with three stunning residential towers at its forefront which are set to become the new favourite landmark on the London skyline.
"A truly exceptional three bedroom maisonette with two terraces, forming part of this exclusive development with concierge in one of Belgravia's most desirable addresses. "
"Introducing a luxurious five bedroom, 3553 sq. ft penthouse with lavish interiors designed by Versace Home. Situated in the heart of Nine Elms, this new residential tower will bring you the ultimate in branded living experiences."
"A substantial double fronted detached family residence of 7,539 Sq Ft (700 SqM) set behind gates and a carriage driveway on London’s prestigious The Bishops Avenue. This fine home is arranged over three floors & consists of seven bedrooms, eight bathrooms, four reception rooms, a kitchen..."
Impressive Grade II listed home located in this highly sought after address
"Set on a 0.31 acre plot in this enviable cul de sac turning off the internationally renowned The Bishops Avenue, is a detached home in excess of 5000 sq ft set in beautiful grounds. Internally the property requires complete modernisation or subject to the necessary planning consents, ..."
"An elegant Grade II listed double fronted house set in one of St John's Woods finest locations. The house occupies a corner plot with a 102 ft frontage to the street, as well as having a private front terrace, and a rear terrace leading onto a beautifully landscaped lawned garden. The house expan..."
"The Grey House is an award winning, modern masterpiece located in Swains Lane, N6. A breath-taking four bedroomed house beside Waterlow Park and on the outer edge of Highgate Cemetery, designed by the celebrated architects Eldridge Smerin. The South and West elevations are fully glazed, providin..."
"Exceptional four bedroom apartment with a private terrace for sale in Knightsbridge, overlooking Hyde Park. Situated immediately next to the infamous One Hyde Park in the heart of Knightsbridge, Wellington Court is an extremely prestigious red brick mansion block with apartments overlo..."
"Located in the centre of Mayfair between Berkeley Square and Claridge's Hotel, is a three bedroom apartment totalling 2400 sq. ft. The property is situated in a discreet and secure ported building featuring a passenger lift serving the upper floors."
"A magnificent detached family home with in and out drive, double garage, large south facing garden and orangery. Requiring some modernisation. This substantial and grand Victorian property built on a corner plot of land in circa 1847, is 6,400 sq ft in size and offers fantastic living..."
"This penthouse is truly impressive from the moment you walk through the front door. The double drawing room, 67 ft in width with floor to ceiling windows looking over the River Thames oozes luxury. Flanked by two terraces the property really has everything you could want. There are four double be..."
"A freehold investment opportunity of 19 tenanted apartments current registered as C4 use, but the building was initially arranged as five separate flats and could be reinstated and go back to a C3 use. One unit on the first floor has been sold off on a long lease and is currently being occupied a..."
"First time on the market in over 40 years! This distinguished detached home extends to a total Sq Ft of over 4600 Sq Ft and the plot measures just under half an acre, with gardens extending to 240' in width. Located on one of the most sought after cul-de-sac's in Hampstead Garden Suburb and o..."
"Split over two floors this maisonette offers superb living space. This home benefits from its own garden as well as being located with in easy reach of St Mary Cray main line train station, bus routes, shops and schools. No Chain"
"The Westminster Suite is one of two penthouse apartments in Belgrave Square comprising of four bedrooms, three bathrooms with a large reception, kitchen and dining room on the top floor."
A Grand Three Bedroom Knightsbridge Penthouse Overlooking Hyde Park
"A charming and spacious detached 8 bedroom Edwardian house with fabulous entertaining and family space, complete with an attractive wrap around garden and indoor swimming pool complex in the heart of Wimbledon Village overlooking the Common."
"A beautiful, interior-designed double fronted Victorian home situated moments from Wandsworth Common."
"This spectacular one-of-a-kind double-fronted six-bedroom Victorian family home has been architecturally designed to the very highest of standards to create a unique and state-of-the-art house ideal for modern day family life. Set in Bellevue village, Wiseton road is a sought-after address just o..."
"Viewings seven days a week with Laurels! Simply magnificent five bedroom, Grade II Listed, Belgravia Town House in the white Stucco-fronted style as is characteristic for this highly sought after location. Offering living space approaching 4000 square foot the property is presented immaculately t..."
"Lateral living in an original purpose built Art Deco apartment block. A four bedroom apartment of 2,828 square feet on the 5th floor of this well-regarded portered block in North Mayfair. With a Westerly aspect the apartment is bright and spacious and sympathetic to the buildings Art Deco heritage."
"A White Stucco fronted semi-detached house comprising of 3,810 square feet (354 sq mtrs) set in the heart of Little Venice. Arranged over four floors, the property is found in immaculate condition throughout and benefits from exceptional family/living accommodation, five/six bedrooms and a 52..."
"A new build mixed-use investment opportunity comprising a single commercial unit and eight residential apartments, all let and providing a gross income in excess of £360,000pa."
Newly Refurbished and spacious two bedroom apartment situated on the third floor in one of the area`s most sought-after residential buildings. 
A superbly restored Grade II listed Georgian Belgravia townhouse.
"On the market for the first time in over 40 years, is this prominent family home situated on one of Hampstead Garden Suburbs most sought after cul-de-sac. The property offers a great opportunity to any incoming purchaser, to create a substantial home to their own specification (subject ..."
"A beautifully designed four bedroom mews house discreetly located in the heart of Knightsbridge for sale offering contemporary and elegant living with generous, private outside space. Princes Gate Mews is an exceptional four bedroom mews house that has been completely re-constructed behind the e..."
"Four bedroom apartment for sale in Mayfair, W1J. This beautifully designed four bedroom apartment is situated on the second floor of a prestigious Grade II listed building in a prime Mayfair location. The property is filled with an abundance of natural light and showcases elegant interiors throu..."
"An exceptional west facing apartment covering 2,658 sq ft with wonderful views towards Brompton Oratory. Cheval House is located in a quiet enclave of Knightsbridge Known locally as `Knightsbridge Village, just moments from the amenities of Knightsbridge and the open spaces of Hyde Park."
"Ref. LOB0653 - Palace Gate offers open plan living accommodation flooded with natural light, direct lift access and a private terrace overlooking the park. Palace Gate comprises 4 bedrooms including a principal bedroom with a dressing room and a large ensuite bathroom, a kitchen/breakfa..."
Elegant maisonette with period charm in the heart of Holland Park
"A generously sized four bedroom penthouse apartment occupying the entire fifth floor of this luxury Boutique development in the heart of West Fitzrovia, W1. Set on the fifth floor this luxury apartment boasts spectacular entertainment space with open plan living/dining /kitc..."
"An immaculately presented four bedroom apartment situated in a prestigious block on Portman Square. Located on the sixth floor, this lateral apartment of 2,912 sq ft has undergone a full and exacting refurbishment, restoring original features whilst simultaneously bringing in modern living with ..."
"Coming to the market for the first time in over 40 years, is this iconic home situated on one of Hampstead Garden Suburbs most sought after culs-de-sac. The property offers a great opportunity to any incoming purchaser, to create a substantial home to their own specification (subject to the usual..."
"A fabulous detached modern home in a sought location close to Wimbledon Village. A well presented 6 bedroom detached house with fabulous entertaining and family space in this sought after Village road. The space is further enhanced by the high celings in the house. There is a garage, off-street ..."
An exceptionally bright and spacious duplex three-bedroom apartment (with lift) in this portered-block in the heart of Knightsbridge.
"Three bedroom apartment with direct lift access and wonderful views of Green Park, for sale in the heart of St. James's. This stunning three bedroom apartment overlooking Green Park is set on the fourth floor and benefits from 24 hour concierge, private gardens and direct lift access. Quietly si..."
A superb five bedroom Grade II listed house with a large 30 ft family living-room and an attractive 27 ft garden and first floor terrace 
Located in one of Muswell Hill´s finest roads is this spectacular larger than average two double bedroom split level raised ground conversion. The flat is being presented in excellent decorative order whilst retaining some original period features. Benefits also include an 18´ recepti...
"Ref. LOB0647 - This completely refurbished spacious apartment features a large open-plan double aspect reception room connected to a spacious dining room and bespoke kitchen. The residence comprises two double bedrooms, the principal with a large en suite and the second bedroom with the shower..."
"Extending to over 4600 square feet is this imposing detached residence located towards the end of a Winnington Close, just off Winnington Road that runs parallel with The Bishops Avenue. The property offers the potential to create a fabulous and spacious family home, however it is also located on..."
"A four bedroom, 14th floor penthouse apartment benefitting from a large private terrace set over 2,583 sq ft | Luxury amenities exclusively for residents including a a luxurious health and fitness spa, complete with swimming pool, steam room, sauna and jacuzzi | Contact us today to book your view..."
"An impressive freehold family house originally built in the early 1800’s which has undergone a complete refurbishment to provide accommodation over five floors comprising 2,921 SqFt."
Stunning 4 bedroom penthouse apartment in one of London's most sought-after locations.
"A beautifully presented four-bedroom lateral apartment of 2,151 square feet in immaculate condition with a long lease and located just off Grosvenor Square Grosvenor Square."
"This beautifully refurbished 4 bedroom low build house is spaciously arranged over 4 floors with 2 reception rooms, study and bright, neutral interiors quietly located back from Belgrave Square."
"A spacious detached Edwardian house with fantastic reception space, lovely garden and swimming pool in Wimbledon Village overlooking the Common."
"Ref. LOB0651 - This New Build Family home, circa 11,000 sq ft, is discreetly situated within an affluent North London enclave, benefiting from views across a private Golf Course and Greenbelt to the front, and a direct southerly aspect to the rear gardens."
"The house presents immaculately and benefits from generous proportions throughout. The accommodation comprises of a large entrance hall, three reception rooms and study on the ground floor. The large master suite with dressing room occupies the majority of the first floor. There are three further..."
"An exceptionally rare opportunity to acquire one of only two penthouse apartments in Belgrave Square, one of the most prestigious addresses in London. "
Discretely and securely tucked away behind the elegant stucco façades of Hereford Square
Located on the fourth floor (with lift) of arguably one of the finest buildings on Lancaster Gate. This spacious lateral apartment has stunning views across Hyde Park and Kensington Gardens.
Newly refurbished and spacious two bedroom apartment situated in one of the area’s most sought-after residential buildings.
An immaculately presented four bedroom apartment situated in a prestigious block on Portman Square.
"This New Build Family home, circa 11,000 sq ft, is discreetly situated within an affluent North London enclave, benefiting from views across a private Golf Course and Greenbelt to the front, and a direct southerly aspect to the rear gardens. Domvs have carefully designed the floorplan to optimise..."
"An exceptional 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom apartment created by MDesign London in Lancelot Place, SW7 for sale This sensational apartment has been the subject of an extensive refurbishment programme and features a large open-plan double aspect reception room connected to a spacious dining room that is..."
"With 5 double bedrooms, this voluminous house has excellent reception space with a fabulous first floor drawing room. The ground floor kitchen dining area is ideal for modern family living and an excellent house in the heart of Belgravia."
"We are pleased to bring to the market for the first time in over 40 years, this iconic home situated on one of Hampstead Garden Suburbs most sought after cul-de-sac roads. The property offers a great opportunity to any incoming purchaser, to create a substantial home to their own specification (s..."
A superb third floor lateral apartment located in this recently completed and highly regarded development in Chelsea
"This unique apartment of 2,470 sq ft (229.5 sqm) offers the ultimate in luxurious living, and is available for chain free sale through Prime London. The property is set in prime position in the desirable One Tower Bridge development, and being located on the front of Blenheim House enjoys stunn..."
"Premium river facing 4 bedroom apartment for sale in SE1 A premium river facing 4 bedroom, 4 bathroom apartment for sale in Blenheim House, part of the prestigious One Tower Bridge development. EPC: C The apartment utilises state-of-the-art technology, as well as providing extraordinary elega..."
"A spectacular 6 bedroom family house available for sale in one of Chelsea's most sought after locations. This house has been recently refurbished to a high standard, offering neutral and modern decoration throughout. The design of the house provides an abundance of space perfectly suited for fam..."
An exceptional third floor lateral apartment located in the prestigious Cheyne Terrace
SHARED OWNERSHIP: OWN 30% of a smart and well presented lateral apartment in this very popular modern development by Mount Anvil with luxury communal gardens and a 24 hour concierge service. Dance Square has been instrumental in the transformation of East Clerkenwell into a high level residence
An exceptional period house ideally located on one of Chelsea's most desirable garden squares.
360 VIEWS | NEW SHOW APARTMENT AVAILABLE TO VIEW | Virtual viewings available now | World-class amenities exclusively for residents | Located just a short walk from the Iconic Kings Road | Contact us today to book your viewing and find out more.
"This breathtaking home showcases 360 degree views, wrap around terrace and two car parking spaces. 4 bedroom penthouse with over 1,459 sq ft external space and 2,685 sq ft internally."
"A beautiful and spacious six bedroom flat arranged over some 3200 sq ft and situated on the third floor of an elegant, Victorian period building block close to Kensington Gardens"
"Luxury development with period facade in De Vere Gardens, W8. A beautiful 2 bedroom lateral apartment within this exquisite development, moments from Kensington Palace Gardens. This delightful second-floor apartment is set within a beautifully crafted luxury development designed by award-winnin..."
"Marylebone Square is one of London's most sought-after locations, 54 private lateral apartments self-contained within a beautifully designed building."
"An extremely attractive, modern built detached family home offering close to 6,500 Sq Ft situated on a larger than average plot of approximately 1 acre. The house offers ample parking with beautifully landscaped gardens and an all weather tennis court."
"A fabulous freehold house (3,630 sq ft/336 sq m) in the heart of Kensington's most sought after street. 4 bedrooms, 4 bathrooms (3 en suite) with a family room, formal dining room and a lavish dressing room. With close proximity to the amenities of Kensington."
"The Pound House is one of the landmark houses of Totteridge, adjacent to St. Andrews Church at the heart of Totteridge Village and has been the subject of lavish improvements over recent years, standing in grounds of about an acre with a heated swimming pool, all weather illuminated tennis court ..."
"A superb modern detached family house in circa 1 acre of landscaped garden with tennis court. The beautifully finished modern detached house offers excellent family/entertaining space throughout and benefits from six large double bedrooms. Offering almost 6,500 sq ft of living space the house s..."
A substantial lateral six bedroom apartment situated on the 3rd floor (with lift) in this well located Victorian portered mansion block in a prime Kensington location.
"A spacious (3,021 sq ft / 281 sq m) lateral three bedroom apartment situated on the fourth floor of a prestigious mansion block opposite Marylebone High Street. The apartment was recently subjected to a complete refurbishment and is offered in pristine condition; it features high ceil..."
"A 7 bedroom house for sale in Hyde Park, W2. An incredibly well proportioned mid 20th century house with beautiful tall sash windows and an attractive period façade. Each room provides a great sense of space and natural light thanks to the south facing aspect at the rear and the uninterrupted ..."
A wonderful wide and low-built unlisted early Victorian family house in this most sought-after Holland Park address.
"An exceptional family home, set over four floors and featuring two private landscaped terraces."
"The Pound House is one of the landmark houses of Totteridge, adjacent to St Andrews Church at the heart of Totteridge Village and has been the subject of lavish improvements over recent years, standing in very private grounds of about an acre with a heated swimming pool, all weather illuminated t..."
"A luxurious 3 bedroom apartment with uninterrupted views of the River Thames. Residents benefit from private access to the extensive luxury amenities of a five-star hotel including wellness facilities, swimming pool, spa, exercise studios, TRX workout space and therapy rooms in addition to The Si..."
An exclusive 4 bedroom apartment is available for sale in the amazing development Thames City SW8. Located on the 36th floor your apartment has fantastic views of the River Thames and Central London. Entertain your guests in the spacious living that has been finished to the highest of standards...
FOR THE DISCERNING WORLD CLASS PURCHASER.We are proud to present this outstanding and beautifully presented OFF-MARKET 3 bedroom Mews house in a prime part of London. 
"Thames City is an exclusive new district for London, the like of which has never been seen before. This collection of premium residences, shops and restaurants offers the level of modern luxury found in the great cities of the Far East, combined with a central London location and all that the cap..."
"This spectacular, nine bedroom mansion located at the heart of West London has recently undergone extensive internal and external renovation and boasts beautifully maintained walled gardens, a double garage and gated driveway offering parking for multiple vehicles. Dating back to the ti..."
"Luxury penthouse positioned on 8th floor of this exciting new development on Great Portland Street, moments away from Regent's Park and the West End. 3-bedroom, 3-bathroom with private roof terrace."
"W1 Place acts as the unifying line between Marylebone and Fitzrovia, two vibrant neighbourhoods filled with striking architecture and an abundance of cafés, pubs, bars and eateries."
Prime Collection are delighted to offer this 3 Bedroom brand new Penthouse within the luxurious W1 Place.
"Offering a reception room open to the dining area, a modern fitted kitchen, two generous size bedrooms and a modern upstairs bathroom is this delightful mid terrace home positioned on Jesmond Road of Croydon."
"Luxury penthouse positioned on 8th floor of this exciting new development on Great Portland Street, moments away from Regent's Park and the West End. 3-bedroom, 3-bathroom with private roof terrace. Designed from the inside out, and with an enviable central London location, W1 Place is pe..."
A Grade II listed 5 bedroom family home located on a quiet residential street in the heart of Marylebone. The Georgian house is arranged over five floors and comprises 3475 / 322.8 SqM featuring high ceilings and a wealth of natural light. Presented in immaculate condition and providing excellent...
"Arguably one of the best portered buildings in Mayfair, this fifth floor flat, situated within this impressive apartment block (with lift) comprises 4/5 bedrooms, 4 shower rooms, reception room, dining room and kitchen. There is secure 24 hour porterage together with CCTV security. Fountain Ho..."
"A superb and spacious family home, with a large south facing patio garden, a roof terrace and on-site garage. This impressive house, offers six bedrooms and six bath/shower rooms, a wonderful eat in kitchen with doors leading to the garden, a beautiful drawing room and separate dining room. Fu..."
A magnificent Grade II listed family house directly overlooking communal gardens.
An important consented development site to construct a brand new detached mansions with spa and leisure facilities.
An important consented development site to construct a brand new detached mansion with spa and leisure facilities.
An innovative 6 bedroom modern detached family home of over 6400 square feet within an exclusive private cul de sac on Richmond Hill with off-street parking for three cars. 
"Set well back from the road, this handsome architect-designed six-bedroom house stands tall. Spanning over 4,000 sq ft, the impression of grandeur and elegance that hits you is palpable."
"An important consented development site to construct two brand new detached mansions with spa and leisure facilities. The plots can be purchased as a pair or individually. Property/site for sale on Winnington Road, N2, which is one of Hampstead's most popular residential avenues and is l..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire one of the most important sites on this prestigious road, directly opposite and with superb views over Hampstead Golf Course. The site extends to approximately 0.75 acres and has full planning consent for an elegant and imposing new mansion of 20,246 sq. ft. which wi..."
"A MAGNIFICENT apartment in a charming building, offering SPECTACULAR VIEWS over Hyde Park. This property offers charming features and generous proportions throughout, as well as the amazing benefit of a good sized BALCONY overlooking some of London's best foliage. The flat comprises o..."
"This impressive split level Kensington penthouse is newly constructed and has never been lived in. It has three bedrooms, all with with en suite bathrooms & ample dressing space. The large open plan reception leads onto the main terrace which benefits from both morning and evening sunshi..."
"
A unique opportunity to secure this superbly re-modelled and beautifully appointed former aircraft factory, spanning some 12,689 sq ft of mixed use living/working space in a sought after Gladstone Park/Willesden location at £512 per sq ft. This stunning venture is made up of three commercial un..."
"A spacious and bright three bedroom apartment in Clement House within the renowned 190 Strand development WC2. With parking included and a wealth of local amenities on the doorstep, 190 Strand presents a luxury lifestyle in The Heart Of London. The property is arranged over circa 2000 sq ft. of..."
"A generously proportioned maisonette spanning approximately 3400 sqft, this superb 5 bedroom apartment is well positioned on the sought-after south terrace of Ennismore Gardens in Knightsbridge. "
Recently refurbished modern designed opens to an open plan bar area with lounge/dining area and separate tv lounge/study area. There is a fully equipment kitchen with a sub-zero fridge freezer.
"A remarkable Victorian Villa which measures in excess of 14,000sqft to include wonderful ancillary accommodation and stands on a plot in the region of one acre, on the Royal grounds of Eltham Palace. Mottisfont Hall is an impressive 1860's detached Victorian Villa that sits within the ancient R..."
"This beautifully presented family house has unusual width for Chelsea, and offers well-arranged accommodation of over 3000 sqft. "
Trevor Place is a stunning freehold property in Knightsbridge with the unique benefit of being sold with a private underground parking space in the prestigious Knightsbridge building. The property has four double bedrooms and three bathrooms two of which are en suite to the upper floor bedrooms. ...
A three bedroom lateral apartment that occupies the second floor of a period building
"A well-presented one bedroom first floor apartment set within a charming gated development that benefits from an onsite gym, parking and beautiful communal gardens."
"Introducing a luxurious five bedroom, 3180 sq. ft penthouse with lavish interiors designed by Versace Home. Situated in the heart of Nine Elms, this new residential tower will bring you the ultimate in branded living experiences."
"This beautifully presented duplex three bedroom apartment (2,897 sq ft / 269 sq m) is located at one of London’s most prestigious addresses. The outstanding property is accessed from its own private street entrance and the accommodation includes a fully-equipped designer kitchen/breakfast..."
"Finished to an exceptional standard with air-conditioning and home automation throughout, this exquisite end of terrace family house on Oakley Street in Chelsea benefits from an abundance of natural light, grand proportions and period features. "
"A rare investment opportunity to acquire this stunning Freehold block conversion, located on this sought after terrace in South Kensington. The building is currently arranged as six self-contained flats, all delivering a healthy yield."
"A fabulous five bedroom family home located in an exclusive private gated development with 24-hour porter and benefiting from garden, garage and off-street parking."
"An unusual low-built freehold house (c. 3,551 sq ft), immaculately presented and ideally located close to Hyde Park and the many amenities of Knightsbridge. A generous entrance hall leads into the open plan kitchen and dining room, and further to a large fully fitted kitchen, with separa..."
"An exceptional penthouse apartment located on the eighth floor of W1 Place, this apartment boasts 2,418 sq ft luxury living. It comprises three double bedrooms all with en-suite and a spacious open plan living kitchen. The property also benefits from its own private roof terrace. W1 P..."
"An Opulent Three Bed Maisonette Located On The Prestigous Park Lane With Incredible Ceiling Heights.. Benefitting From Its Own Entrance, The Maisonette Encapsulates Outstanding Entertaining Spaces And High Ceilings Throughout.Internal Floor Area Of 2,897 Sq Ft (269 Sq Meters). Comprising Of Two F..."
An incredible Grade II* listed house in the heart of Bloomsbury
A rare opportunity to acquire a Freehold block that comprises of four one bedroom flats and ten studio flats that are all Let on Assured Short hold Tenancies (see enclosed schedule).
Thames Quay is situated in the popular and extremely well maintained Chelsea Harbour riverside development
An impressive four-bedroom Grade II listed end of terrace house
"A special house at the southern end of this wide street of attractive stucco fronted houses, situated a short walk from Sloane Square. The house, being end of terrace enjoys far greater width than usual. This extra space creates the rarity of garage parking for two cars with a period ..."
"A modern penthouse apartment positioned on the 9th Floor of the new Courthouse development by Barratt Homes, located in the heart of Westminster and only moments from the River Thames. This spacious apartment of 2402 Sq Ft (223.11 Sq M) has been finished to the highest standard and offers natural..."
Substantial unbroken freehold property with 19 units located in the heart of West Hampstead.
"A Stunning Four Bedrooms, Three Bathrooms Lateral Apartment, With Large Terraces Overlooking Hyde Park.Share Of Freehold, Spanning 2,565 Sq Ft (238.3 Sq M), This Imposing Property Features Approximately 18 Ft Ceiling Heights, With Ornate Period Detailing, Providing An Opulent Classic Decor. <..."
A large lateral apartment boasts its very own private garden and off street parking.
An exceptional duplex penthouse apartment in the heart of St. James's with a spectacular private roof terrace.
"This stunning 5 bedroom property is located in the highly sought-after area of Bayswater, in the heart of London. The property boasts an impressive and spacious layout, spread across 2800 square feet of living space. Upon entering the property, you are greeted by a grand entrance hall, l..."
"***CHECK OUT OUR LIFESTYLE VIDEO WITH DRONE FOOTAGE*** Raised ground floor. The property is truly one of a kind Location is everything & being moments from Kensington Palace & Hyde Park, walking distance to Londons best Schools like Pembridge Hall & your local social spot Granger & Co a 5 min stroll"
Luxurious 2 bedroom penthouse in the most eagerly awaited residential development to be formed in Marylebone over recent decades.Nestled in the absolute epicentre of Marylebone Village only a stones throw from the much lauded and admired Marylebone High Street quarter
"Reference: 7427# Presenting a 10 unit, ~4.4% gross yield investment opportunity in Whitechapel. The property comprises 10 modern flats spread across 1 bed, 2 bed and 3 bedroom flats. Spread over 4 floors and with approximately ~7,450sq ft in total living space, this modern building is ideally l..."
"A stunning six bedroom maisonette occupying the third and fourth floors of this imposing corner white stucco Victorian building with double aspect views. Ideally located to all the amenities and stations of High Street Kensington, South Kensington and Gloucester Road. Kensington Gardens is a s..."
"An exceptional detached seven double bedroom house over three floors which has been renovated to an incredibly high standard, with a recently built separate annex, and double garage. The house measures 5100 sq ft offering wonderful views of the green open spaces of Barnes Common."
•NO ONWARD CHAIN •THREE BEDROOMS •GARAGE •SPLIT LEVEL MAISONETTE •GAS CENTRAL HEATING •CLOSE TO ROMFORD MAINLINE RAILWAY STATION INCLUDING EIZABETH LINE
A brand newly refurbished four-bedroom Georgian townhouse
A Stunning apartment located near Hyde park. Contact us to find out more
"A luxurious, spacious and bright apartment (2765sq ft-257sq m) set on the first floor of this prestigious and secure, gated development comprising 12 flats and a penthouse, with 24 hour porterage coupled with CCTV coverage"
"Settled on the oldest recorded street in Chelsea, the prominent location of this newly renovated Georgian townhouse presents a wonderful opportunity to own a piece of local history in one of London’s premiere boroughs. Completely redone to the highest of standards and spanning over 5 floors..."
"Chelsea Waterfront, London’s most prestigious riverside address Chelsea Waterfront is a world class development set in the heart of one of the capital's most historic and sought after areas With a masterplan designed by internationally renowned architect Sir Terry Farrell and 600 metres of rive..."
An exceptional newly refurbished double fronted Freehold Mews house boasting nearly 3000 sqft. 
"An elegant and impressive mews house for sale in Knightsbridge. An elegant and impressive mews house for sale in Knightsbridge. Situated in a south facing position in a quiet position within Princes Gate Mews, it benefits from air conditioning and an integral garage. Approximately 271 sq m (2,90..."
An exclusive collection of just nine three-bedroom residencies with a protected view of The Thames. Welcome to a new way of living. Discover spaces that combine refined design with effortless comfort and the finest materials to create a timeless home. Each of The Residences' interiors reflects t...
This much loved family house is well designed around a wonderful central staircase and offers very easy and flexible living over four floors. The lower ground floor with its own street entrance can also be a self contained flat if required.
An immaculately presented penthouse apartment.
"Located in Cadogan Gardens, one of London's most sought after addresses, this stunning lateral apartment is presented in immaculate condition and is offered for sale with the benefit of a long lease (986 years remaining)."
A ground floor apartment located opposite Regent’s Park and the Terrace's private gardens
An attractive second floor and third floor apartment with generous ceiling heights in an elegant building on the River Thames.
"This three bedroom property has been finished to the highest of standards throughout. With two large reception rooms, a separate kitchen with integrated sub-zero appliances and three double bedrooms with fitted storage this property is perfect for a family or couple looking for an apartment that ..."
"A fantastic , 5-6 bedroom lateral apartment for sale in the heart of Marylebone. An impressive lateral apartment located on one of Marylebone's most prestigious streets. This bright and airy home showcases an abundance of accommodation and entertaining space over 2700sqft; five spacious bedrooms..."
Benefitting from a private riverside balcony with direct river views towards the Tate Modern and the Globe theatre and a designer bespoke Italian kitchen with Gaggenau white goods. Welcome to a new way of living. Discover spaces that combine refined design with effortless comfort and the finest ...
"An imposing detached double fronted house offering well planned lateral accommodation arranged over three floors located within an exclusive cul-de-sac located just off West Heath Road. The property features a landscaped rear garden, a charming front garden, an integral garage and off-street park..."
A superb freehold family house with a garage and direct access to communal gardens
An attractive second and third floor apartment with generous ceiling heights in an elegant building in Chelsea.
Brand new show apartment available to view | Hotel amenities available for residents use | Riverside balconies | Stunning city location | Book your viewing with one of dedicated sales consultants today.
Imposing detached double fronted house.
"An elegant grade II Listed, freehold Georgian townhouse arranged over five floors with easy access to Central London and the West. "
"An exceptional, ground floor lateral 2 bedroom apartment (totalling 187 sq m/2010 sq ft) located within prestigious Cumberland Terrace, a secure Nash Terrace with 24-hour uniformed porterage offering outstanding access to Regent's Park and the terrace's private gardens. The apartment h..."
"Napier Watt are delighted to offer this newly refurbished interiorly designed, modernised, three double bedroom, two bathroom apartment with additional guest cloakroom set on the third floor of this prestigious purpose built block located in the heart of Knightsbridge. The property offer..."
"Sitting quietly in this hidden gem of a road of just four exclusive houses, this stunning property of c.3,640 sq ft with many architectural features, comes to the market as a very limited and special opportunity."
"An immaculately presented penthouse apartment for sale in Belgravia, SW1 Eaton Square, one of the most prestigious squares in Central London, is one of three garden squares built by the Grosvenor family in the 19th century and is ideally located for the transport links of Victoria and Sloane Squ..."
"A two bedroom apartment with views towards Hyde Park situated in The Bryanston, Hyde Park, London's new landmark building designed by Rafael Viñoly Architects."
"A 3 bedroom, 3 bathroom apartment set on the 8th floor with access to the terrace. Residents will be greeted by the friendly 24-hour concierge, also benefitting from a range of amenities that include a lap pool, spa, a state-of-the-art gym, a cinema, and a private residents' lounge. There ar..."
"An absolutely rare opportunity to enjoy the best of modern design and refined traditions on Great Portland Street, Marylebone. Two Penthouses offer around 2,400 sq ft of space including its private roof terraces spanning over 800 sq ft each."
"*** Price: From £6,195,000 *** Lux Homes are excited to offer this architectural masterpiece in Marylebone, London. This luxury three-bedroom penthouse in this elegant development is one of 37 units across 8 storeys of magnificence. Completion: Q1 2024 Interested in th..."
Vantage is proud to present this attractive three bedroom town house on Seymour Walk in Chelsea.
"A 4 bedroom detached house in Highfields Grove N6 This fully detached family home is located in Highfields Grove, a secure and exclusive gated development situated directly off Fitzroy Park. The house occupies an elevated position at the top of the development, has been beautifully renovated th..."
"A beautiful townhouse, situated in a peaceful and sought after Chelsea street, is the epitome of modern living by offering an exceptionally designed and welcoming contemporary space. "
"Stunning 4 bedroom townhouse with a garage for sale in Elvaston Mews, South Kensington, SW7. This Impressive 4 bedroom Mews is spread over 4 floors and boasts elegant living in South Kensington. It showcases a spacious interior complemented by skylights, sophisticated finish..."
"A substantial modern townhouse built in 2015, on the western side of this peaceful and sought after Chelsea street."
"W1 Place acts as the unifying line between Marylebone and Fitzrovia, two vibrant neighbourhoods filled with striking architecture and an abundance of cafés, pubs, bars and eateries. Bookended by Oxford Street and Euston Road, Great Portland Street is at the very heart of these two historic..."
"A spectacular luxury penthouse apartment in Tower Bridge with river views, multiple roof terraces, walled garden, rooms over two floors, secure parking and 24 hour concierge"
"A Grade II listed townhouse originally built in 1830 in the Greek Revival-Italianate Style, comprising 2357 Sq. ft. The property, located on Norfolk Road, is on the East side of St John's Wood between Avenue Road and Ordnance Hill, and between Regent's Park and the American School in London. ..."
"An attractive semi-detached Norman Shaw family home. Modernised to a high specification and offering generous and well balanced lateral accommodation, the property is situated in this highly sought after residential road and has a pleasant private rear garden."
"Large Two Double Bedroom, Three Bathroom Luxury Apartment, Facing The Courtyard (West Facing), Within This Very Sought After Exclusive 24 Hr Portered Building Within A Gated Development.  1,528 Sq Ft / 141.95 Sq Meters, Comprising Two Large Bedrooms With Floor To Ceiling Fitted Wardrobes..."
"A second floor, two bedroom apartment with a separate study set within this most eagerly awaited residential development to be built in the heart of Marylebone Village."
"An opportunity to acquire a freehold site with potential for a magnificent brand new residence of circa 15,000 sq ft with leisure complex and underground parking, situated on one of the most desirable addresses in prime London and celebrated throughout the world for its grand houses. Planning con..."
Opulent and exquisitely refurbished penthouse apartment within the famous Butlers Wharf building on the banks of the River Thames.
"jdm Estate Agents are delighted to present this stunning, architecturally designed property in Forest Drive. Set in the exclusive and private Keston Park estate, this imposing family home offers a wealth of bright and spacious accommodation that combined with its contemporary and luxurious featur..."
One Thames City - setting the precedence for a new standard in London luxury living.
"A second floor, west facing two bedroom apartment with a separate study set within this most eagerly awaited residential development to be built in the heart of Marylebone Village"
A204 is one of the few upper floor two bed units left available at Marylebone Square with an East aspect overlooking Cramer St
"A truly unique six bedroom family home occupying four floors of this red brick Victorian building. Offering a spectacular 30 ft roof terrace with uninterrupted 360-degree views, the property comprises approximately 4,125 square feet (383 sq m) and benefits from high ceilings and retains many orig..."
"From Lintons Reach, you can enjoy great transport connections across London, and beyond. Shared Ownership - 25% Share"
"An award winning, newly refurbished and extended family house with off street parking and a West facing garden in the heart of Kensington."
"A 2nd floor, two-bedroom apartment with study, set within this most eagerly awaited residential development to be built in Marylebone over recent decades. "
"An amazing two bedroom, two bathroom apartment set within the highly anticpated Marylebone Square"
"A Lateral 2 Bedroom / 2 Bathroom Apartment, Spanning 1,622 Sq Ft / 151 Sq M, With A Full Length Balcony. 10 Lancelot Place is considered one of the most highly sought-after buildings in the area. The exclusive development benefits from a team of uniformed security personnel, 24 hour conc..."
"A unique and architecturally designed in the latter part of the 20th Century substantial six bedroom family residence in the heart of Totteridge Village. The pivotal curved turret features create interesting and light rooms, and allows for the grand helical staircase to rise from the entrance hall."
Rare opportunity to acquire a boutique development of 8 luxury apartments in heart of Kings Cross.Now ready to occupy.
"Viewings can be accommodated seven days a week including bank holidays. This luxury riverside duplex penthouse offers unrivalled views of Tower Bridge and is arguably one of London’s most premium warehouse conversions. Butlers Wharf is offered to the market with no chain, a share of freehol..."
"Apartment A204 is located on the second floor within the new prestigious land mark development - ""Marylebone Square"". With an East facing balcony, open plan living and intelligent, practical, contemporary optimised living design; including 'his and hers' sinks to the master, dressing ar..."
"Offering 1,396 Sq Ft of lateral accommodation, this luxurious new build apartment offers two large bedrooms, two bathrooms and a balcony in Central Marylebone. Marylebone Square is a rare opportunity to be part of the provenance of aristocratic estates in Central London. A contemporary take on a ..."
A wonderful 2 bedroom apartment situated on the 2nd floor of a brand new development boasting contemporary high-specification finishes throughout and a private Balcony.
"Ref. LOB0733 - Beauchamp Estates present a one-of-a-kind opportunity to create a state-of-the-art residential project in the Barnsbury Conservation area of Islington, central London. Shielded from the street on all sides, this unique site offers a secluded sanctuary away from the noise of the ..."
"A very unusual opportunity to purchase two adjacent duplex penthouse apartments in this warehouse conversion in Battersea Square. These could be combined, subject to the necessary consents, and would comprise 4,381 Sq Ft (407 Sq M) internally, with mulitiple roof terraces that extend to approxim..."
"A truly breath-taking take on a classic mansion block turned contemporary apartments, displaying timeless elegance in the heart of Marylebone."
Luxury Living Homes International are thrilled to bring to market an exquisite new development located next to Great Portland Street. A stunning 3 bedroom luxury penthouses. Contact a member of our sales team today to explore this wonderful opportunity
3bedrooms 3bathrooms.
REF: AR0549 ***LUXURY HOMES IN PRESTIGIOUS LOCATION*** Dazzling penthouse on the highly prominent Great Portland Street. Part of a brand new collection of trendy apartments fitting in well with the streets iconic history blended with modern times. This forthcoming development includes ...
Nine fully-let refurbished apartments within a Grade II listed apartment building benefitting from dual aspect views.
EXCLUSIVELY OFF-MARKET LUXURY PENTHOUSE APARTMENT WITH DIRECT LIFT ACCESS AND PHENOMENAL VIEWS ACROSS LONDON. 
"A second floor, west facing two bedroom apartment with a separate study set within this most eagerly awaited residential development to be built in the heart of Marylebone Village. Marylebone Square is a rare opportunity to be part of the provenance of aristocratic estates in Central L..."
"A duplex penthouse apartment, totalling nearly 5,000 sq ft, offering incredible interiors and sizeable entertaining space externally, divided into a series of different outdoor zones including an al fresco kitchen, dining and relaxation area and two outside covered spaces. This apartment in Chel..."
"This family home offers wonderful family living accommodation throughout, with three reception rooms, study and well-designed kitchen diner incorporating Gaggenau appliances, utility, guest WC and separate cloak/boot room. All of the living spaces are strategically positioned to maximise the gard..."
"Marylebone Square is one of London's most sought after new developments, with 54 lateral apartments located within a beautifully designed building with five-story internal atrium"
"Available a stunning 2Bedroom+Study residence, all bedrooms in this offer are presented as en-suite. Residents will benefit from dual aspect, spanning 1,472 sqft it total, with balcony and guest WC also complementing the features of this apartment."
"This bright and spacious three/four double bedroom detached family home is to be sold with no upper chain and is located in a most sought after location, with access to a good selection of both state and private schools, as well as transport to into the centre of London and other outer-London are..."
"A second floor, west facing two bedroom apartment with a separate study set within this most eagerly awaited residential development to be built in the heart of Marylebone Village. Marylebone Square is a collection of 54 elegant, high-end apartments, boutiques and restaurants. All residences b..."
"A rare first floor lateral apartment, with three bedrooms and grand proportions in this prestigious Knightsbridge address. This impressive lateral apartment (approx. 2,083 sqft) has a large double aspect 24ft drawing room with intricate panelling, cornicing and 4.26 metre ceiling height...."
"A unique and contemporary family home newly built to 'shell & core' A unique and contemporary family home extending to in excess of 7,000 sq ft which has been newly built to 'shell & core' requiring interior fit-out. Whilst the layout and design can be amended to suit an alternative lifestyle, t..."
A dual aspect River and City facing Penthouse apartment arranged on the eighth/ninth/tenth floors of Regal House. 
"O'Sullivan Property Consultants are proud to present a range of brand new 1,2,3 bed and 2/3 bed penthouse apartments in the prestigious Marylebone Square development. Marylebone Square offers a collection of luxury apartments for sale, carefully chosen boutiques and restaurants, and a versatile ..."
An elegant Grade II listed London town house in an iconic location.
"A rare chance to purchase a double fronted semi-detached freehold building currently arranged as 3 flats. The property features a large rear garden, the full width of the property, and some 90 ft / 27m in length from the rear of the building to the deepest point, at the foot of which is a large g..."
"A second floor, west facing two bedroom, two bathroom with a separate study apartment set within this most eagerly awaited residential development to be built in the heart of Marylebone Village just off the High Street Marylebone Square is set to be the only new build, whole city-block ..."
"Second floor, one bedroom apartment with study in this brand new, under construction development in the heart of Marylebone."
"Key Features: • 700 Years of History • Highest-Quality Natural Materials • Classic French Marble Kitchen • Exquisite Marble-Clad Bathroom • Signature Cast-Metal Balustrades Marylebone Square is Central London’s latest and only new build, and it's a collection of 54 lu..."
"Marylebone Square is a collection of 54 high-end apartments, carefully chosen boutiques and restaurants and a versatile community hall. A total of 5 two bedroom apartments are remaining for sale, starting from £5,165,000. "
"A superb split level penthouse four apartment in one of Kensingtons most exclusive new residential developments, 375 Kensington High Street. This immaculate apartment comes with three bedrooms, two with en suite bathrooms master with dressing room. Large open plan living kitchen are with wrap aro..."
"A spacious and bright three bedroom apartment in Clement House within the renowned 190 Strand development WC2. With parking included and a wealth of local amenities on the doorstep,190 Strand presents a luxury lifestyle in The Heart Of London. The property is arranged over ..."
"For sale for the first time in over 50 years, this is one of the three original Regency style houses built, facing west, onto Carlyle Square. "
"A stunning five to six bedroom freehold house, situated in the desirable Hereford Square, SW7. "
"An excellent family house of 3340sq.ft. situated on the south terrace of this popular garden square in South Kensington. The house is presented in good order throughout with versatile accommodation, briefly comprising five bedrooms, three reception rooms, study, four bathrooms, cloakroom and util..."
"A wonderful, white stucco fronted end of terrace family house located in one of the most prestigious garden squares in South Kensington."
"A contemporary sixth floor apartment with direct lift access and private parking, for sale in Mayfair W1K. This contemporary sixth floor apartment offers a large entertaining room and two en suite bedrooms. It is a bright property that showcases impressive floor to ceiling windows leading to a p..."
A fabulous low built four bedroom house
"This is a unique and utterly charming period, non-basement property, refurbished to an extremely high specification and presented in immaculate decorative order. This semi-detached, end of terrace home has glorious aspects over The Chelsea Physic Gardens and towards the river. With a pretty, sout..."
haart are pleased to present you this three bedroom end of terrace home situated in Southall
"Considered to be one of the UK`s most architecturally unique residential properties, Rokstone is honoured to have been instructed on the sale of the converted St Jude`s Church in the heart of West London – but a stone`s throw from the luxury property market at the core of the capital."
"DIRECT FROM THE DEVELOPER An elegant four bedroom, three bathroom duplex apartment located on the 4th floor within the Power Station itself, featuring original brickwork a..."
"Having been in the same family for over forty years, we believe there is potential to extend the house (subject to planning). There is excellent entertaining space, off street parking and direct access to beautiful communal gardens"
"A substantial and stylishly presented four bedroom apartment with the rare benefit of its own street entrance, superbly located within this grand stucco building in Prime Belgravia. "
"An exceptional two bedroom duplex apartment located in the modern development, One Kensington Gardens. A stunning first and second floor duplex apartment set within a beautifully crafted luxury development. It offers an abundance of light and space. Under-floor heating and comfort cooling is st..."
"A beautiful and stylish penthouse apartment which has been newly refurbished, with large entertaining spaces and a spectacular private roof terrace."
A luxury three bedroom apartment for sale in St. James's SW1. This wonderful apartment is set within The Pall Mall Collection; a luxury boutique scheme of outstanding quality by Amazon Property. This beautifully crafted residential development is situated in the heart of St. James's. Apartment...
This unique open plan family home retains many of the elegant and fine period features with tall windows and high ceilings. This attractive and superbly presented property also enjoys spacious reception rooms and bedrooms with views over the private garden square facing south west. There is a wid...
"An exceptional 5 bedroom house for sale in Belgravia SW1. Presented in immaculate condition throughout, this superb white stucco fronted freehold house covers approximately 2,993 square feet and is located in a prime position in Belgravia, SW1. The principle accommodation comprises a kitchen wit..."
"****EXCITING RARE OPPORTUNITY**** Real Estates are delighted to present this beautifully designed Tudor style home in the finest road in Mill Hill, comprising 9,330 sq ft of elegant, lavish and expansive accommodation with extreme attention to detail. Approached via a large GATED carria..."
A fabulous newly refurbished low build house in a gated mews moments from Knightsbridge and Hyde Park
The most magnificent family apartment situated in one of the smartest mansion buildings on Drayton Gardens.
Spacious four bedroom duplex apartment within the Iconic Battersea Power Station development | Luxury amenities | Contact us today to book your viewing and find out more.
"Set in this contemporary building in the heart of Knightsbridge with underground parking and communal garden, this is a stylish and spacious two bedroom apartment boasting wood floors and neutral décor. The building further benefits from spa, swimming pool, gym and 24 hour concierge."
An exceptional opportunity to acquire a low built 5 bedroom detached house benefiting from front and rear gardens discreetly positioned behind a high gated wall on one of St Johns Wood’s most sought after addresses. The house which is arranged over two floors only provides a rare...
"Luxury apartment overlooking Kensington Palace Gardens, W8. A beautiful two-bedroom lateral apartment within this exquisite development, moments from Kensington Palace Gardens. This delightful third-floor apartment offering 1,748 sq ft (162 sq m) of living space is set within what is a beautif..."
"A stunning three bedroom lateral penthouse apartment in excellent condition in the heart of Knightsbridge, SW1X A beautifully renovated three bedroom, three bathroom apartment set in an imposing red brick period building in Hans Crescent. Accessed via lift this unique apartment features stunnin..."
"A stately country mansion set within its own private leafy grounds, with a triple garage and separate flat. The third time to come to the market since being built in circa 1895. This sensational, and unique house provides fabulous space to suit the needs of a growing family. The property offers t..."
"An exquisite three bedroom, three bathroom apartment for sale next to Harrods, with concierge. Situated in the heart of Knightsbridge, on the doorstep of Harrods, is an immaculately presented three bedroom apartment in this highly desirable development with a porter and concierge service. Appro..."
"Exquisitely luxurious three bedroom, three bathroom second floor lateral apartment in the heart of Mayfair. Offering bespoke furnishings and fittings, state-of-the art Audio Visual systems, ambient lighting and décor, this home unfolds room-by-room as an oasis of residential enjoyment."
"Ref. LOB0838 - A contemporary sixth-floor apartment with a large entertaining room and two ensuite bedrooms. The home is bright and benefits from impressive floor-to-ceiling windows leading to a private balcony with views of Berkeley Square. The home benefits from an underground parking space,..."
Timeless modern elegance
"Freehold family house with garden and air conditioning for sale in Belgravia SW1. This Grade II listed yet modern family home has been extended to provide in excess of 2,659 sq ft of living and entertaining space. This four bedroom house includes an impressive family room, benefitting from up to..."
CHAIN FREE - Haart of Greenford are pleased yet another home owner has entrust us with the sale of their property. A two bedroom situated in Southall
"An opportunity to acquire a spacious, recently refurbished Mayfair period property with high ceilings, three large double rooms two with en suites, which further benefits from proximity to Grosvenor Square and its own front door."
A magnificent detached eight bedroom period home in this enviable and highly sought after West Putney location. The property is presented in an exceptional standard with an abundance of flexible family accommodation and ample amount of family living space. The substantial property boas...
"A magnificent split level garden flat, for sale on Green Street in Mayfair, W1K A beautifully designed three bedroom duplex apartment with 3.6m ceilings heights and outside space. The flat has been designed to an impeccably high standard with Salvatori Carrara marble on the ground floor, the st..."
OFF MARKET - W8 Townhouse for sale
Historic townhouse in Mayfair
"Marylebone Square is one of London's most sought after locations, and comprises 54 private lateral apartments self contained within a beautifully designed building. A contemporary take on a classic London mansion, it is an intuitively designed building that slots into the urban fabric..."
"Apartment A204 - located on the second floor, arranged over 1,396sqft. Will comprise 2 bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, Study, living room and open plan kitchen. Exciting new development located in the heart of London’s Marylebone Village and due for completion late 2023 / early 2024. Features ..."
A Luxury THREE BEDROOM PENTHOUSE apartment with a GARDEN set within this exciting New Development on Great Portland Street and within a short stroll of Regent's Park. Designed from the inside out and with an enviable Central London Location. The two bedroom apartments are ideal for t (cont.)
"Luxury penthouse positioned on eighth floor of this exciting new development on Great Portland Street, moments away from Regents Park and the West End. Three bedroom, three bathroom with private roof terrace. Designed from the inside out, and with an enviable central London location, W..."
"A fabulous, light and airy apartment (circa 3,080 square feet) overlooking communal gardens in this sought-after location in South Kensington."
"An immaculate and well-presented Grade II Listed, 4 double bedroom family home (248.32 sq m/2,673 sq ft) arranged over three floors only. Spacious entertaining throughout, high ceilings, lots of natural light and a south-facing landscaped rear garden plus the benefit of off-street parking for 1 c..."
Wonderful semi-detached Victorian Villa on Highbury Hill
"An immaculate and beautifully presented Grade II Listed period 4 double bedroom family home (2673 sq ft /248 sq m) arranged over three floors only. Spacious entertaining throughout, high ceilings, lots of natural light and a south facing landscaped rear garden plus the benefit of off street parki..."
"Arranged over four floors, a charming four bedroom, four bathroom house finished to exacting standards and located in a desirable residential street in central Kensington, just behind Kensington Square."
Elegant duplex flat with access to a scenic private garden
"This luxurious 3 bedroom apartment is set in a prestigious location close to famous attractions and the Thames. It boasts contemporary open-plan interiors, built-in storage and a dual-access terrace with urban views."
"Ref. - REDD has refurbished this spacious third-floor lateral apartment to a high standard with furnishings and fittings selected for comfort and convenience. Interior design is by Taylor Howes throughout the 1,496 sq ft space. The apartment’s principal reception room features an array of sou..."
"A very fine, handsome and imposing double fronted period detached house on the preferred west side of Putney's most coveted residential road."
This beautiful four bedroom apartment is located on the 19th Floor of Tower West with breath taking views of the River Thames.
"VIRTUAL TOUR & PROPERTY VIDEO AVAILABLE This apartment is located in an extraordinary and unique development of four newly constructed homes, built in an Arts & Craft style. 20 Elsworthy Road is the trophy, duplex apartment within the development providing 3,185 sq..."
"A one-of-a-kind residential address, Sherlock Mews at 98 Baker Street Sherlock Mews offers a unique lifestyle value proposition in the heart of Marylebone. The three-bedroom Mews offers residents a privileged entrance via a private ground floor parking garage to an elegant multi-story residenc..."
This beautifully presented 3 double bedroom flat offers fantastic living accommodation over two floors moments from Notting Hill Gate and High Street Kensington.
"Fifty storeys high and designed by renowned architects Foster and Partners, Principal Tower is an architectural landmark of merit on London's iconic skyline, desirably situated between the City and fashionable Shoreditch."
"Luxury development overlooking Kensington Palace Gardens, W8. A spacious interior designed 2 bedroom duplex apartment within this exquisite development on Kensington Road, moments from Kensington Palace Gardens. This delightful ground and lower ground floor apartment is set within what is a bea..."
"A ‘best in class’ and truly luxurious four bedroom duplex apartment situated within two newly constructed homes built in an Arts & Crafts style. This extravagant home features numerous bespoke features ,full home automation package, air conditioning, underfloor heating and is arr..."
"****3D VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE **** An outstanding, three bedroom, 38th floor 2081 sq ft apartment in the prestigious Principal Tower. Residents benefit from the amazing facilities this development provides and all that comes with the stunning location, such as the 24hr concierge service, resid..."
"An elegant and beautifully presented eight bedroom family home residing on just over 1 acre within the highly sought after, private, gated Keston Park. Energy Efficiency Rating C."
"Measuring 1500sqft this third floor, 2 double bedroom apartment sits within one of the most prestigious and exclusive apartment buildings in London, located in the heart of Knightsbridge, opposite Hyde Park. "
Private residential development opportunity located in the London Borough of Bromley • Located on the High Street in the highly affluent and popular M25 town of Bromley • Situated 0.3 miles from both Bromley North and Bromley South stations • The ground floor and basement is occupied by Lidl (...
"An outstanding four bedroom south facing family house with excellent entertaining space, set behind a pretty front garden overlooking and with access to the pretty gardens of Kensington Square."
3 bedroom Residence
"An exceptional four bedroom duplex apartment with garden and garage located near the entrance to Primrose Hill Park An exceptional four bedroom duplex apartment located opposite the entrance to Primrose Hill Park, on Elsworthy Road. The property is situated within a newly constructed home built ..."
Sherlock Mews | Baker Street - 3 Bed | 3.5 Bath + Garage
"A wonderful, 5 bedroom family home situated on the peaceful Kildare Terrace, W2. A delightful five storey, Victorian end-of-terrace house, situated in this popular cul-de-sac within the Westbourne Conservation area. The property provides excellent family accommodation and a rare double aspect v..."
"An exceptional three double bedroom modern penthouse, with an enormous terrace and three additional sizeable balconies, in the prestigious Principal Tower, EC2A."
"Situated within the Chiswick conservation area on the picturesque and highly sought-after Chiswick Mall, is this imposing five bedroom, Grade II listed, family townhouse. Red Lion House was formerly a public house belonging to the local brewery and has been majestically updated and improved by th..."
"A beautiful 6 bedroom house for sale in Notting Hill, W2. Positioned on the corner of Talbot Road and Sutherland Place this wonderful home is located in the desirable Artesian Village. The spacious Victorian home is incredibly bright due to its dual aspect and offers fantastic volume throughou..."
A fantastic large 5 bedroom double fronted detached family residence set back from the road behind a carriage driveway with off street parking for 4/5 cars and a fabulous 100ft rear garden located on the prestigious Bishops Avenue.  Features include a huge open plan 45ft x 35ft...
"A fantastic 4 bedroom house For Sale in Chelsea, SW3 This is a truly superb, four bedroom freehold house situated on Bramerton Street; a highly regarded residential address located in the heart of Old Chelsea. The house has been beautifully maintained during the current ownership and offers a ..."
"This extremely well positioned luxury three bedroom triple aspect Penthouse apartment, located on a higher floor of Principal Tower and boasting bright and expansive North, West and Southern views of the City and Canary Wharf, is available for chain free sale through Prime London. Every apartme..."
A superb fifth floor (with lift) two/three double bedroom flat in this elegant portered building with three front-facing lateral reception rooms and two balconies with far reaching views over Cadogan Square and Knightsbridge.
"An unusually wide, immaculately presented four-bedroom Freehold family house"
A beautifully presented stucco fronted family house on a popular and wide Chelsea Street.
A stunning 2 bedroom first and second floor maisonette in the renowned One Kensington Gardens development. This exquisite apartment features an impressive double reception room with 4.3m ceiling height leading out onto a large balcony overlooking Kensington Gardens. This exceptional property bene...
"Offering panoramic views of the central London skyline, best enjoyed from the apartment's wrap-around terrace, this luxury three-bedroom penthouse is available for chain free sale through Prime London. Offering an impressive lateral living space, filled with natural light and presented to an ex..."
"This stunning duplex dual aspect three bedroom apartment offers great views over the City of London and the River Thames, and is available for chain free sale through Prime London. This large 2,243 sq ft / 208.4 sq m apartment benefits from having a bright, impressive reception room with double ..."
"Secured upon an End of Terrace Building, Arranged to provide Nine self contained Flats, Each Flat subject to a lease for a term of 150 years from 1st September 2020 (approximately 148 years remaining), The Lessees have NOT elected to exercise their rights of pre-emption, The freeholder has the ri..."
A well-proportioned freehold Mews house in an excellent location with the benefit of a large garage (held on a separate lease expiring March 2996).
"An impressive three bedroom lateral penthouse apartment for sale in Marylebone. An impressive lateral penthouse apartment situated on the sixth floor of a prestigious new development in the heart of Marylebone. This spacious home is finished to the highest standards. It embodies elegant, modern ..."
"With their prized position within Regent’s Crescent, The Garden Villas are truly beautiful modern homes designed to enhance Nash’s glorious architecture and surroundings."
"A SPACIOUS (2067 Sq ft) 3 bedroom MEWS HOUSE with a PRIVATE garden, in this SECURE, private, GATED and portered mews in Belgravia. The ground floor comprises a large fully fitted kitchen/breakfast room with adjoining second reception room with doors out to a private garden. Separate formal dining..."
"An immaculately presented, recently refurbished eight bedroom family home offering over 5000 sqft of beautifully designed accommodation."
"A contemporary second floor two bedroom, two bathroom apartment, currently under construction in the heart of Marylebone village."
"Located within this exquisite, contemporary and highly anticipated luxury new build development is this magnificent 2 bedroom, second floor apartment with a study. Marylebone Square offers the highest standard of finishes and specifications combining the finest blend of modern fixtures and fittin..."
"Beautifully presented 7th floor 3 bedroom apartment with three private terraces, part of the new Lincoln Square development in Lincoln's Inn Fields, WC2A. Located on the 7th floor of Lincoln Square, is this luxury three bedroom apartment offering 1,913 sq ft of living space...."
An exceptionally rare opportunity to acquire this breath-taking five-bedroom lateral “turn key” apartment that commands a south facing aspect over the glorious private gardens below. 
"A delightful six bedroom detached family residence, positioned within moments of the world-famous Centre Court in Wimbledon"
A second floor lateral apartment with lift for sale in Queen’s Gate Gardens SW7. A truly remarkable apartment combining a unique footprint with grand proportions facing south onto a garden square with lift and share of freehold. (A further flat in the same building may also be available by separ...
"Discreetly set back from the road behind electronic gates, a magnificent double-fronted 6/7 bedroom, detached home in one of Mill Hill’s most prestigious locations, offering in excess of 7000 sq. ft of accommodation. this incredible property offers the ultimate in family living. <..."
"Ref. - An exceptional three-bedroom apartment within the exquisite New One Queen Anne's Gate Development featuring immaculate interiors including Herringbone Timber floors, and collaboration of period and modern design which draws on the historic nature of the building. This spacious lateral ..."
"A splendid two double bedroom, two bathroom third floor apartment with lift, 24 hour concierge and secure designated underground parking, situated within a prestigious new development in the heart of the Kensington. Share of freehold with a 999 year lease."
"Marylebone Square is an eagerly awaited six storey development of 54 apartments with secure underground parking and 24 hour concierge, centrally situated within the village-like intimacy of Marylebone, a short distance from the eclectic amenities of Marylebone High Street."
"This property situated on Wilfred Street currently has mixed use, although would also be suitable as a family home (subject to planning)."
"An impressive and well-presented five bedroom family house, occupying approximately 3,480 sq ft, with excellent entertaining space, a south–facing garden and off–street parking."
"This spacious home offers a double reception on the raised ground floor with high ceilings, ample entertaining space, south facing garden, and off street parking."
"We are delighted to present this rarely available, freehold, contemporary mews house. Built over just 3 floors including a huge roof terrace and integral garage, this generously proportioned property has been meticulously crafted to provide a wonderful family home."
"The Penthouse at Bedford Street features a wonderful roof terrace enjoying panoramic views, contemporary and generous living accommodation with bespoke kitchens and carpentry with a focus on quality and design. "
Four bedroom apartment with London’s most prestigious riverside address Chelsea Waterfront is a world class development set in the heart of one of the capital's most historic and sought after areas With a masterplan designed by internationally renowned architect Sir Terry Farrell and 600 metres...
"An impressive and rather unusual mews house with a generous proportions and well-arranged internal area of approximately 3,734 sq ft, a double garage and a west-facing roof terrace. "
"A 4 bedroom mews house for sale in Belgravia, SW1 Located in Grosvenor Gardens Mews North, a very quiet mews in Belgravia, this 4 bedroom house benefits from superb proportions in the principal rooms, has a double garage and a west facing roof terrace. The accommodation, which covers approximate..."
"Discreetly set back from this private road behind a substantial driveway, REDROOF benefits from magnificently designed gardens to the front and both sides, set on a favourable plot of 0.56 of an acre. This unique detached family home is located on Stanmore's most prestigious residentia..."
An outstanding freehold house located on the beautiful Clabon Mews in Knightsbridge. The property has been maintained to the highest of standards and renovated to the highest specification. One of the most appealing aspects of the design is the amount of space and natural light that flows through...
"Completely refurbished in 2007, the house has an opulent arrangement with excellent living space, suffused with light, including a 2nd floor reception room opening onto a roof-terrace. There is also a 17 x 9.5 garage and excellent ceiling heights."
"An outstanding freehold house located in this most sought after mews for sale in Knightsbridge, SW1X. The property has been re-constructed to the highest specification and no expense has been spared to create a truly exceptional home. One of the most appealing aspects of the design is the amount..."
Sandra Davidson are please to offer an opportunity to acquire this new build PENTHOUSE apartment Off Plan in the spectacular Principal Tower which is due to complete in 2019. Principal Tower has been designed inside and out by Foster + Partners and is set to join the cast of architectur...
A wonderful 2 bedroom apartment situated on the 1st floor of a brand new development boasting contemporary high-specification finishes throughout and a private Balcony.
"A first floor, west facing, two bedroom apartment with a separate study, set within this most eagerly awaited residential development in the heart of Marylebone Village."
"Offering 1,399 Sq Ft of lateral accommodation, this luxurious new build apartment offers two large bedrooms, two bathrooms and a balcony in Central Marylebone. Marylebone Square is a rare opportunity to be part of the provenance of aristocratic estates in Central London. A contemporary take on a ..."
"Marylebone Square, W1U"
A111 is one of Marylebone Squares last remaining 2 bed apartments facing over the West aspect of Aybrook St. this first floor 2 bed property plus study is nearing completion in 2023
Century 21 Diamond are pleased to present this intuitively designed building that slots into the urban fabric of Marylebone.
"A first floor, two bedroom apartment with study, set within this most eagerly awaited residential development to be built in Marylebone over recent decades. "
"A beautifully refurbished triplex apartment on Randolph Avenue occupying the three principal floors of this stucco fronted Regency house. Benefitting from a private entrance and a large rear garden, the apartment supposes the finest attributes of an individual house. The beautiful garden..."
A magnificent ground and lower floor duplex apartment.
"A fantastic family home benefiting from air conditioning, lift, garage and garden in the heart of Belgravia."
"Situated on the 4th and 5th floor, this apartment is part of the penthouse collection at 38 Langham Street. It benefits from Gaggenau appliances throughout."
"Rare investment opportunity to acquire a freehold detached property consisting of 14 studios/1 & 2 bedroom flats, all currently rented on ASTs (see agents for details)."
Two bedroom penthouse with terrace ready to move into now 38 Langham Street is a collection of seventeen luxury apartments located in the heart of Fitzrovia. Everything about the development has been carefully designed to complement the history of the building and its neighbourhood. This new ...
"A one-bedroom apartment on the third floor of the landmark One Hyde Park development in the heart of Knightsbridge, with the sought after and favoured south easterly aspect towards Sloane Street."
"A rare and exciting opportunity to acquire a recently renovated, detached house that is situated on the prestigious and highly sought after Manor House Drive. Set behind electric gates, this imposing family home provides over 5100 sq ft of spacious accommodation with attention to detail ..."
