Summary
"VR 360 TOUR AVAILABLE ON THIS PROPERTY. HomeDaze is thrilled to offer this STUNNING walk in condition, 5 bedroom DETACHED family home to the market for sale. Situated within a short driving distance of Drinkwater Park, Heaton Park, good schools, places of worship and Prestwich ..."
"OFF MARKET BUILDINGS AVAILABLE, PRICES FROM £4,000,0000 - £13,000,000 WITH YIELDS FROM 7%."
"Buy to let off market opportunity available - newly completed! Castlefield Manchester City Centre Comprised of 18 boutique, self-contained and fully furnished high specification apartments - a much needed development in an area of huge demand and even greater undersupply. "
"This exquisite 3 bed duplex apartment situated on the 50th and 51st floors of the East Tower spans over 3,220 sq ft of carefully created living space and boats spectacular far-reaching views over the city and beyond"
"A beautifully presented block of four apartments and commercial unit. Internally there is a communal hallway for the four apartments, the commercial unit has its own entrance close to the popular Burton Road. The whole development has been finished to an exceptionally high standard and would be a..."
Wow.......Dunelm.........It truly is a hidden gem! Occupying a commanding yet concealed position just off the prestigious Chatsworth Road in Worsley. A simply outstanding detached family home which offers an abundance of space set over four floors. On a quiet no-through road from the moment you e...
"Mr Investa are pleased to present this impressive and substantial investment opportunity to acquire 18 units within a popular and consistently fully occupied development producing £117,000 per annum amongst 1 bedroom and 2 bedroom well proportioned apartments. Option to split the 18 units into sm..."
"Best In class triplex apartment, in the highly exclusive Beetham Tower."
"Exclusive three double bedroom apartment in the heart of Spinningfields. Completely one of a kind with two parking spaces, this is not one to miss."
"A TRULY MAGNIFICENT double fronted Edwardian family residence offering extensive, perfectly balanced accommodation covering FOUR FLOORS, extending to a considerable 4472 sq ft. This spectacular home is located on one of Didsbury's most sought after private tree-lined roads and is within strolling..."
"**RARE RESIDENTIAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** Wycombe House comprises a well configured period semi-detached property of traditional brick construction under a pitched roof and converted into 8 individual apartments arranged over basement, ground and two upper floors. The property was compressive..."
"A simply stunning detached residence of the highest standard boasting approximately **4500 sq ft** of accommodation including six bedrooms, three ensuite shower rooms and an impressive open plan kitchen/living space. Set behind electric gates and well set back from the road there ..."
"A substantial, detached family home with easy potential to become 4/5 bedrooms. Located in a highly desirable area amongst substantial grounds, with a further detached large barn, ample parking within a gated setting and excellent potential development scope. This property is an outstanding and..."
"Properties like this really don’t come along very often! We are delighted to bring this spectacularly impressive, detached family home to the market. Set in a much sought after, private cul-de-sac location. This forever home exhibits tasteful decoration together with quality fixtures and..."
"A truly outstanding, locally iconic, executive detached 5 bedroom family home. Bespoke design, contemporary styling and modern technology combine to create a genuinely exceptional property. Unique and inspiring, this is certainly an aspirational property and one for which, viewing is most highl..."
"A magnificent DETACHED RESIDENCE offering over 3500 sqft of wonderfully proportioned living space OVER 3 FLOORS, set behind ELECTRIC GATES with a DELIGHTFUL REAR GARDEN overlooking the conservation area and block paved driveway leading to the DOUBLE GARAGE. Tastefully presented with high quality ..."
"Hunters are proud to introduce this special, high specification apartment with triple aspect views situated in the iconic landmark building No 1 Deansgate. This superb development with its crystalline prismatic form, and timeless aesthetics is EWS1 certified. All homes are fully glazed and utili..."
A simply stunning six bedroom period semi detached family home occupying an incredible corner plot with large garden areas to three sides and two driveways providing off road parking for several cars. 
"Canal Wharf House represents the pinnacle of luxury and sophistication in Castlefield. Meticulously crafted to provide an exceptional living experience, this brand-new development boasts an array of stunning 1, 2 & 3 bedroom apartments and penthouses, situated on the edge of the Canal basin at th..."
"A rare opportunity to aquire a MAGNIFICENT MANSION property covering four floors and boasting six apartments in total, located within the BALLBROOK PARK CONSERVATION AREA within striking distance of DIDSBURY VILLAGE offering an array of bars, shops and restaurants. 4332 sq ft. An ideal investment..."
"Briscombe are Delighted to Offer For Sale this Superb Five Bedroom Detached Family Home set in a private gated plot in this sought after location in Worsley. Beautifully presented throughout, and offering flexible and spacious accommodation with many Bespoke Features including an Impressive Entra..."
"Perched in one of Manchester`s most sought after address`, No1 Deansgate stands proud at the North end of Deansgate, the perfect position for all of Manchester`s favourite delights. Stop for a spot of shopping at Harvey Nichols or Lunch in Spinningfields - all a short walk away."
* VIEWS VIEWS VIEWS * EXECUTIVE APARTMENT * STUNNING OPEN PLAN LIVING SPACE * PANORAMIC VIEWS OF THE CITY FROM EVERY ROOM * Call Steve Litt to find out more.
**DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY** THE GATEWAY TO CHORLTON. An exciting development opportunity with full planning permission for 13 self-contained flats (6 x 2 bedroom & 7 x 1 bedroom) with associated car parking (5 Spaces) and cycle storage. With 2 x commercial units on the ground floor. FREEHOLD wi...
"Hunters are proud to introduce this special, high specification apartment with triple aspect views situated in the iconic landmark building No 1 Deansgate. This superb development with its crystalline prismatic form, and timeless aesthetics is EWS1 certified. All homes are fully glazed and utiliz..."
A spacious bay windowed three bedroom semi detached located on a pleasant cul de sac in Audenshaw is the ideal buy for a growing family. The property would benefit from improvement internally but offers buyers scope to create their dream family home. <...
"For Sale By Modern Method Of Auction Auctioneer Comments This property is offered through Modern Method of Auction. Should you view, offer or bid your data will be shared with the Auctioneer, iam..."
Situated in the DESIRABLE ELLESMERE PARK is this FABULOUS FAMILY HOME which also offers INVESTMENT POTENTIAL. Spread over FOUR FLOORS with STUNNING PERIOD FEATURES THROUGHOUT is this incredible SIX BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY.
"'Halidon' is a truly exceptional interlocking double fronted Cheshire semi, with an abundance of accommodation spanning approximately 4000 sq ft over four floors and six bedrooms. The property is adorned with period features throughout and sits within touching distance of the heart of Hea..."
"Philip James are proud to introduce this MODERN, FIVE BEDROOM, DETACHED RESIDENCE with extensive REAR GARDENS, which has been EXTENDED and REMODELED creating a truly bespoke home, with HIGH SPECIFICATION fittings and fixtures throughout, located on one of DIDSBURYS FINEST ROADS, near the Marie Lo..."
"Situated in the heart of Ellesmere Park, on the sought after Cavendish Road, sits this majestic 4/5 bedroom, double-fronted, detached property. Benefitting from a large plot, double driveway, 4 bathrooms, 4 reception rooms and much, much more. The current owners have updated the home whilst being..."
"A beautiful yet discreet four bedroom, three bathroom penthouse in the heart of Manchester City Centre. This stunning penthouse is such a rare find for the City Centre as it offers an immense amount of private outdoor space. The property has been carefully designed to offer the ultimate..."
"An exceptional opportunity to acquire the first re-sale in 'The Hollies', an exclusive modern development of just four high specification family homes. Built to exacting standards with an excellent quality of finish and generous proportions throughout, this beautiful family home offers 5 generou..."
"Immaculately presented 5-bedroom family home, packed with unique period features, now available in Eccles, Salford. This grand and spacious family residence is located on a well-sized corner plot and offers two driveways, gardens and a vast garage extension.  This ideal family h..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this substantial and extended house that has been well thought out by the current owner to provide an excellent family-sized home. Located in the ever-popular area of Northenden, ideally located close to local transport links, within proximity of..."
"This wonderful property offers a wealth of accommodation set over four floors, including a Grand Entrance Hall, Three Reception Rooms, Kitchen/Diner, Utility Room, Six Double Bedrooms Two En-Suite Bathrooms, Two Bathrooms, an underground double garage. This fine family home occupies a generous pl..."
"**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** - A substantial Victorian property with living space extending to approximately 3,000 sq ft over four floors and a potential full occupancy income circa £60,000.pa. Enjoying a prime location within walking distance of both Didsbury & West Didsbury villages,. There are 1..."
"A UNIQUE AND WELL PRESENTED PERIOD END TERRACE, offering the perfect blend of modern interior and original period charm creating a truly bespoke home, located on one of DIDSBURYS SOUGHT AFTER ROADS, within walking distance to the fashionable West Didsbury Village. The property covers four floors ..."
Available for the first time since its construction a BESPOKE FOUR BEDROOMED MANSION occupying the top two floors of this exclusive Didsbury village development for sale with no chain and measuring 4729 sq ft. One of the FINEST APARTMENTS IN MANCHESTER the highlights include ; quad garage with a ...
"Tyron Ash Real Estate are excited to present this superb 4 Bed home. Beautifully refurbished, to the highest standards of architectural design. The best lot, in the most expensive residential street in Greater Manchester, This one is not to be missed!"
"2 X SIX BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTIES On one lot. GREAT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. Being Sold by YOPA Online Auction. Starting Bids from £1,000,000. Buy it now option available Please call or visit YOPA Online Auctions for more information"
"Take a look at this stunningly presented family home, perfectly situated in the heart of Ellesmere Park. From the grand front entrance, to the spacious driveway and rear garden, this property has so much to offer before you even step inside to see the breath-taking interiors! With five large doub..."
**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** Located in the heart of Stretford is the setting of this spectacular opportunity to own this FOUR BEDROOM modern detached residence as well as a further TWO BEDROOM detached BUNGALOW within the same grounds. The unique main house is internally designed and modell...
"Situated on a highly regarded and sought after road occupying a prominent position in CHORLTON GREEN, a truly delightful FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PERIOD PROPERTY providing versatile family ACCOMMODATION OVER FOUR FLOORS. This splendid property, boasting a 120FT REAR GARDEN, has MANY ORIG..."
"Rutherglen – A most imposing eight bedroomed Edwardian semi-detached residence, located on a Prime Heaton Moor Road within strolling distance to Heaton Moor Village. Measuring an impressive 3936 square feet, rarely do properties of this ilk grace the market, so we advise an early inspection..."
"Three apartment portfolio for sale in the highly desirable Quadrangle development, consisting of three separate, income producing two bedroom apartments."
*Spacious Five Bed Detached Home in need of Modernisation* *Magnificent Large Gardens* *Secluded Cul De Sac position* *Sought After Prestwich Location* *Space to Extend* *Close to all local shops and amenities*
BUY-TO-LET PROPERTY | RESIDENTIAL APARTMENTS: Invest in these luxury Ancoats penthouse apartments in the heart of Manchester. Unrivalled amenities on offer in an extremely sought-after city centre location
"The Property
We are pleased to market this extremely large four bedroom semi detached Victorian house on Wilbraham Road. The property covers approximately 1944 sqft With many original features such as stained glass and coving this property must be viewed to be appreciated. On entering the propert..."
**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An ideal investment opportunity here in Chorlton is the setting of this attractive double-fronted residence (previously Veterinary Clinic). Situated in a leafy location on Wilbraham Road occupying a fantastic corner plot with Ellesmere Road. This attractive and...
"Positioned on the SOUGHT AFTER Green Walk Development in West Didsbury is this IMMACULATELY PRESENTED, FOUR BEDROOM townhouse, finished to the HIGHEST OF STANDARDS throughout. 2180 sq ft. The property comprises of; an entrance hallway with downstairs W.C., reception room and open plan living/dini..."
"A highly desirable move-in-ready apartment situated in Old Trafford on the outskirts of Manchester city. With 2 beautifully appointed bedrooms, an open-plan reception room, an attractive bathroom. The property looks out over Manchester’s tramlines. This property represents a rare find for any d..."
"Elm House - Set behind electric gates on a Private Road, this magnificent five double bedroomed extended semi-detached Victorian residence, offers accommodation over three floors plus basements currently used as a cinema room, utility room and storeroom. Built in 1868, this stunning f..."
PERIOD PROPERTY! LOCATE ESTATE AGENT are delighted to bring to the market this impressive five bedroom period semi-detached property located on the very popular Kenwood Road in Stretford. This lovingly cared for dwelling offers an abundance of living accommodation throughout and spanning three fl...
"Hunters are proud to introduce this high specification Penthouse duplex apartment situated in the iconic landmark building No 1 Deansgate. This superb development with its crystalline prismatic form, and timeless aesthetics is EWS1 certified. All homes are fully glazed and utilize a variable twin..."
"Aubrey Lee Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this five bedroomed, 3 bathroomed, period semi detached property offering an abundance of character throughout along with unbelievably spacious family accommodation over three floors plus a large basement."
"An executive high specification two bedroom, three bathroom penthouse situated on the banks of the River Irwell. This property offers versatile accommodation set across three floors with the benefit of two private terraces offering views of the city and beyond. Secure allocated parking ..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An imposing and substantial double fronted, FOUR BEDROOM Edwardian semi-detached property set over 4 floors, situated on a highly regarded tree lined road off Wilbraham Road here in Chorlton. Positioned on Egerton Road North in this popular residential area. A fabulous fa..."
"We are privileged to introduce this unique property, which offers the fortunate buyer a rare combination of privacy and grand living. Set on a private gated plot with an extensive paved driveway to the front providing ample off road parking and a low maintenance garden to the rear. ..."
"Positioned on an enviable SOUTH FACING GARDEN PLOT is this truly delightful, PRINCIPLE PERIOD SEMI DETACHED family home boasting well presented, impressively proportioned accommodation extending to 2451 sq ft. Charming throughout, this handsome property offers arguably the perfect family accommod..."
A quite magnificent five bedroom period property in a highly desirable West Didsbury location. This substantial family home has been sympathetically maintained by the current owners and is presented to an exceptional standard throughout. The high ceilings and spacious rooms are complemented by a ...
We are delighted to be able to offer for sale this magnificent semi detached family home which occupies an excellent sized plot with a large rear garden on arguably The Heatons premier and most sought after road. 
"A rare opportunity to purchase a substantial DETACHED four-bedroom BUNGALOW tucked away on an enviable sized plot approx 1.26 acres, with unrivalled views. Situated down a private lane, just off Fairy Lane, close to the Metrolink, M60 motorway network and in catchment for Trafford's renowned scho..."
Superb sized five bedroom detached home situated in a sought after location within the heart of Broughton Park. Holden road is situated between Park Street and Singleton Road. Manchester City centre is approximately 3 miles to the South. The property is conveniently located for access to local sc...
"An IMPRESSIVE DETACHED family home, offering BRIGHT and SPACIOUS, WELL PRESENTED accommodation throughout, located on a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC within walking distance of both Didsbury and West Didsbury villages. 1972 sq ft. The accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance hallway with a downstairs W...."
"This simply stunning detached property offers a truly amazing lifestyle opportunity for any family. The residence offers an abundance of space throughout, featuring an impressive entrance hall with feature staircase, two fantastic sized reception rooms, modern fitted kitchen with integrated appl..."
"Situated in the heart of the highly regarded CHORLTONVILLE CONSERVATION AREA, a truly splendid FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY, offering spacious and light family accommodation of over 1600sqft. This delightful property boasts not only a SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN but both a DRIVEWAY AND..."
"**EWS1 FORM IN PLACE, MORTGAGE BUYERS WELCOME ** ONLINE VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** This breath-taking penthouse apartment offers three floors of incredible space and style with unique finishings in one of the city's most iconic developments. The Edge is situated along the banks of the River Irwell ju..."
"I am delighted to share with you a development of a luxury new FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED home located just off Edge Lane and within easy reach of Stretford, Chorlton and Manchester City Centre. This exclusive home has been fully refurbished to a high specification. The property is a large five bedroo..."
"A DELIGHTFUL detached family home which offers IMPRESSIVE PROPORTIONS THROUGHOUT, situated a stone's throw away from Fog Lane Park and located within STROLLING DISTANCE TO DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 1799 sq ft. The accommodation consists of an entrance hallway with downstairs W.C, living room, dining room..."
A most handsome and substantial period semi detached family home occupying a large corner position and with enviable views to the front overlooking Heaton Moor Park. 
"Kirkham Property are delighted to offer a unique and rare opportunity to purchase a substantial Victorian property situated on a large plot with over 3,300 square feet of accommodation. The property in question is situated in the sought after location of Clayton Bridge."
"Kirkham Property are delighted to offer a unique and rare opportunity to purchase a substantial Victorian property situated on a large plot with over 3,300 square feet of accommodation. The property in question is situated in the sought after location of Clayton Bridge close to excellent ..."
"A Unique Opportunity If you’re searching for a four-bedroom period property with enormous potential in a convenient location, welcome to Grove House. This red-brick, double-fronted detached gem dates back to 1860 and comes with a separate two-bedroom annexe and a large, mature garden."
"The property offers well presented accommodation extending to: Entrance Hall, Lounge, Conservatory, Office, Sitting Room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Utility, Shower Room, Four Bedrooms, a Family Bathroom and En-Suite Shower Room, there is a large Balcony accessed Via the Master Bedroom. Externally, ..."
"An exceptionally beautiful five-bedroom home on Hope Road, situated off Hilton Lane, close proximity to Prestwich Village and motorway links and a great location for local schools. The property has been developed to an exceptional standard and is a stunning family home. "
Philip James are proud to introduce this well-maintained detached family home on the desirable Boddens Hill Road. The spacious property offers ready to move into accommodation and is the perfect environment for a growing family to take advantage of. This house is ideally positioned within the cat...
"Tyron Ash Real Estate are delighted to present this substantial, beautifully appointed, Eleven-Bedroom family home. Don’t miss this opportunity to engage in the opportunity of securing this amazing property in the sought-after area of Levenshulme"
"Outstanding two double bedroom apartment in the beautiful Avro development. Plethora of character, parking included and an Ancoats location, this is not one to miss!"
"FLAT LAND OPPORTUNITY FOR SALE Unique opportunity to create five New Home dwellings with full planning permission granted, set in prime location. Planning Application 124890/fo/2019 Plot No. Ground - - First - - Second 1 68 5..."
This unique family home is tucked away at the end of a private lane boarded by a picturesque mature tree line in the heart of heaton moor. This beautiful detached coach house has been carefully designed to highlight its stunning period features while also integrating the comforts of modern living...
"EWS1 Certified. Perched on the 16th & 17th Top Floor of NV Buildings, a truly stunning, state of the art, executive Duplex Penthouse Apartment, extending to approx 2755 sq ft. Affording magnificent panoramic views over Manchester City Centre, surrounding landmarks and the distant Pennine Hills"
Hunters Manchester are delighted to introduce this gorgeous 6 bed terraced HMO property which is a great investment to add to the portfolio. On the ground floor there is a shared kitchen/diner which is well lit. The property has been designed to include 5 double bedrooms all equiped wit...
Must be viewed! A most impressive and handsome period semi detached family home located on one of The Heatons most sought after roads and boasting a rear garden over 100 feet in length.
Situated in one of Didsbury's most prestigious developments is this stunning three bedroom penthouse apartment. The property is finished to an exceptional standard and is beautifully presented throughout. The accommodation has lift access and comprises; entrance hallway with intercom ...
"PENTHOUSE: Exquisite Duplex Penthouse situated on the 12th and 13th floors of a stunning new build development in Manchester City Centre. This unique Penthouse boasts two large private south facing roof terraces, a wrap around balcony and floor to ceiling windows throughout. "
We are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached house in Prestwich. With in walking distance to local shops in Sedgley Park and Bowker Vale Metro station the property is in an ideal location. Benefitting from three large reception rooms and a large eat in kitchen interested parties ...
"Spacious Four Bedroom Detached Family Home, situated within generous private plot within the heart of Worsley Village. The property offers potential buyers a wealth of accommodation extending to: Entrance Hall, Guest W.C, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Playroom, Four Bedrooms, Master with En-Suite..."
Prestige & Country Homes are delighted to introduce to the market this wonderful family home.  This property is set within a generous plot size and has all the modern features you might expect together with well-proportioned rooms. Driveway for several vehicles leading to detache...
TO BE SOLD BY ONLINE AUCTION ON 26TH APRIL 2023 UNLESS SOLD PRIOR UNDER AUCTION TERMS. ****1...
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this truly stunning three-bedroom duplex penthouse located right in the heart of Ancoats. The spacious property is situated on the top floor of Fairbairn Building which is part of the Manchester's iconic Royal Mills development and benefits from ...
"** VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE **  A wonderfully rare and exciting opportunity to acquire this 'charming' Edwardian Five Bedroom Semi Detached Home. Having only three owners since being built in the early 1900's, our vendors have since remodeled, and dramatically extended to create..."
"Briscombe are delighted to offer For Sale this Beautiful Period Property perfectly situated on the Historic Worsley Green, offering a spacious corner plot. The property boasts many original features and benefits from under floor heating to the entrance hall and kitchen. The property comprises of ..."
"Clive Anthony are delighted to offer for sale this unique detached property on a sizeable corner plot with enjoyable views and six double bedrooms, three bathrooms and three reception rooms which incorporates self contained living accommodation to the lower ground floor."
"Philip James are proud to introduce this STUNNING, FOUR-DOUBLE BEDROOM, detached family home. Occupying an IMPRESSIVE corner plot on the ever-desirable Heaton Road within easy reach of Heaton Moor village. This is a rare opportunity to purchase a truly charming family home, that boasts stunning O..."
"ONCE IN A BLUE MOON DOES SOMETHING LIKE THIS HIT THE MARKET A truly outstanding three storey Victorian villa offering magnificent family accommodation. To the ground floor, the property comprises ..."
"***NO CHAIN*** Situated on a highly regarded road just a stone's throw from Longford Park, a truly delightful and EXTENDED FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED PERIOD PROPERTY, offering approximately 2000 SQFT ACCOMMODATION OVER THREE FLOORS. This charming property is in need of slight cosmetic updating ..."
"In our opinion this elegant five bed, double fronted detached house is the quintessential family home. The spacious accommodation is well presented and has a lovely homely feel, whilst also offering very comfortable and flexible living areas with the potential for annex style living to the rear i..."
"FINISHED TO THE HIGHEST OF STANDARDS!! Take a look at this SUPERB FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME which sits on the Urmston, Stretford boarder! The property benefits from a HIGH END BATHROOM, STUNNING FITTED KITCHEN, ORANGERY, UTILITY ROOM, FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS (three are knocked through) and N..."
Looking For Your Forever Family Home? We think we have found it.... Sell Well are thrilled to be instructed with this truly bespoke FREEHOLD detached property set on a superior plot and position on Drywood Avenue. Located in the heart of Worsley a stone's throw from the picturesque Bridgewate...
"An EXTENDED and beautifully presented FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PERIOD PROPERTY, located on a desirable and highly regarded road, offering spacious and versatile ACCOMMODATION OVER THREE FLOORS. Located only a stone's throw from BEECH ROAD and all local amenities and transport links, this..."
"*COMPLETED HOMES* STUNNING SPECIFICATION** ON-SITE AMENITIES** SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION** INCREDIBLE VIEWS** PET FRIENDLY**
"
"Duplex penthouse apartment located on levels 24 & 25 of The Heart in MediaCity. This is a stunning and unique property with a high specification throughout. With four double bedrooms split over two levels, the lower floor comprises a large living area, separate dining room/kitchen, utili..."
Philip James are proud to introduce this imposing and impressive Edwardian semi-detached property which is located on one of the most desirable roads in the Heatons. This property boasts many of its original period features which have been carefully maintained to preserve its personality and char...
Aubrey Lee & Co are delighted to bring to the market this extended detached family home located at the head of a sought after quiet cul-de-sac. The property benefits from 5 Bedrooms (two of which have en suite bathrooms). A convenient location offering easy access to local amenities.
"Wow.......A Truly Charming Period Detached House In The Heart Of Ellesmere Park, Close To Monton. Occupying A Very Private But Commanding Position On Westminster Road, One Of The Most Exclusive Roads In The Area. A simply outstanding detached family home which offers that perfect mix between peri..."
"A unique, two/three bedroomed, individually designed, detached property located on one of DIDSBURY'S FINEST ROADS, being within a SHORT STROLL of the villages of BOTH DIDSBURY & WEST DIDSBURY. Set back behind a long block paved driveway and garden, the property is presented to a high standard th..."
"A superb and substantial extended Victorian Family home boasting an abundance of charm and character while combining traditional and contemporary features over three floors. Ideally located for William Hulme Grammar School, St Bede College (both offering primary and secondary provision), Whall..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An attractive & deceptively spacious, FOUR BEDROOMED, bay fronted semi-detached property situated on a highly popular residential road off Edge Lane here in Stretford. Within easy walking distance of all local amenities with Stretford Foodhall, Longford Park, t..."
"An Exclusive Luxury Property! Thoughtfully designed and constructed to the highest possible standard, boasting stunning views towards ‘The Green’ in Worsley and situated in a highly convenient location in prestigious Worsley Village with the local shops and restaurants a stone’s..."
Clive Anthony are delighted to offer for sale this unique period family residence with fabulous accommodation which is suitable for a grow...
Hunters Worsley are delighted to offer for sale this simply stunning 7 bedroom detached family home packed full of original features and comes with two out buildings! We believe this property is suited for a forever family home. Viewing is essential to fully appreciate the size and condi...
investment opportunity - 25% Deposit Q2 2024 0.1% ground rent gym and 24-hour concierge6.5% Returns This development is situated in one of manchester's largest regeneration zones ( Piccadilly east ). The site comprising of 177 units sits within the Manchester Piccadilly HS2 Strategic Regenera
"An IMPRESSIVE and WELL PROPORTIONED PERIOD style DETACHED RESIDENCE occupying a CORNER PLOT POSITION, located within walking distance of FASHIONABLE WEST DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 1661 sq ft. The property requires modernisation throughout and consists of, reception room and living room with bay fronted w..."
**STUNNING FOUR BEDROOM TERRACE PROPERTY OVER FOUR FLOORS SITUATED IN A VERY MUCH SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION OF CHORLTON.** Trading Places are pleased to have available this beautifully presented four bedroom middle terrace property which benefits from double glazing an...
"HUNTERS WORSLEY are elated to market this semi-detached VICTORIAN property located on the MONTON/ELLESMERE PARK border. The property has a total square foot of 2,260 and sits on a LARGE PLOT OF LAND! Ideal for FAMILIES, PROFESSIONALS & DEVELOPERS! Internally, the property benefits from a..."
"The property has been let from the 1st of July 2023 on a bills included basis with a gross income for £72,258.33 Townhouse are pleased to offer this stunning HMO located in the heart of Fal..."
"Stunning detached family home positioned on a substantial corner plot, overlooking Longford Park."
"An absolutely immaculate and vastly extended four bedroom detached family residence on the prestigious Derby Road in Heaton Moor, situated on one of the most sought-after streets in the area that will undoubtedly appeal to growing families seeking impeccable and generous accommodation. Offered to..."
"A well presented, substantial EIGHT DOUBLE BEDROOM period property providing over 3400SQFT accommodation over three floors. This wonderful property, benefitting from a GATED DRIVEWAY, with off road parking for multiple vehicles, and a LARGE SOUTH FACING GARDEN, will prove an ideal family home due..."
"A BRAND NEW LUXURY FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE at THE LIMES, which is an elegant collection of apartments and townhouses in the heart of DIDSBURY VILLAGE, one of Manchester's most desirable suburbs. Generously sized living/dining/kitchen area with a bespoke kitchen featuring integrated applianc..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An attractive & impressive bay fronted home, providing fantastic family accommodation in a central Chorlton location. This beautiful Victorian, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMED residence offers living accommodation over four floors featuring high ceilings, original cornicing and ma..."
"An IMPRESSIVE DETACHED family home, offering BRIGHT and SPACIOUS, WELL PRESENTED accommodation throughout, located on a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC within walking distance of both Didsbury and West Didsbury villages. 1621 sq ft. The accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance hallway with a downstairs W...."
"Imposing Five Bedroom Semi-Detached Family Home complete with Self Contained Studio Flat. Internally, the spacious accommodation is set over three floors and extends to: Entrance Porch, Entrance Hall, Dining Room, Lounge, Study, Kitchen/Diner, Utility, Guest W.C, Five Double Bedrooms, Master with..."
"A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED and EXTENDED semi detached FAMILY HOME with impressive proportions throughout, located on an EXCLUSIVE TREE-LINED ROAD just a short walk into the heart of DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 2024 sq ft. The property briefly comprises: a storm porch, entrance hallway, downstairs WC, bright ..."
"New Cross Central is a new build development with a twist on internal finishes which makes it stand out from the crowd. Unique features such as exposed concrete walls, full height feature windows, brass finishes & Crittall style shower screens offer a luxurious and modern feel. "
"A recently completed Penthouse Apartment situated in the ever highly sought-after Green Quarter of Manchester in one of the cities most anticipated developments, Meadowside - with access to the beautiful green space of Angel Meadow Garden, it's rare to find open space in such a central locati..."
"A rare and exciting opportunity has come to the market to aquire a BEAUTIFULLY presented VICTORIAN MANSION TERRACE PROPERTY, covering four floors and converted into three apartments, this stunning property is located within walking distance of FASHIONABLE WEST DIDSBURY VILLAGE with an array of sh..."
"**RARE RESIDENTIAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** This spacious property comprises a well configured period semi-detached property of traditional brick construction under a pitched roof and converted into 4 individual apartments arranged over basement, ground and two upper floors. This spaciou..."
"A beautifully presented, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM, Victorian terrace property offering a SUPERB LEVEL of family living space over FOUR FLOORS, coupled with a courtyard rear garden and an ideal location which is within a short stroll of DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 1867 SQ FT. The accommodation offers a great ble..."
"A stunning, beautifully refurbished and restored FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM Victorian property, offering vast tastefully presented accommodation arranged over four floors. This deceptively spacious and attractive period home is situated just off Sandy Lane on one of the area's most desirable roads wi..."
"A beautifully presented Victorian end of terrace boasting immaculate and stylish presentation throughout. Four double bedrooms, three modern bathrooms, superb open-plan living/dining kitchen with Bi-fold doors, fully converted cellars, living room with log burning stove and a superb landscaped pr..."
Stunning south facing 1960's four bedroom detached family home situated in the most sought after leafy Ellesmere Park area. This beautiful property offers an excellent balance of original features and modern day living. It has been decorated throughout to the highest of standards. Offering walk i...
"The Edge is a highly sought after waterside development, benefitting from a high specification throughout and an internal design influenced by the world renowned designer Ben De Lisi. Conveniently located along the banks of the River Irwell, the development offers easy access to the city's range ..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A attractive SIX BEDROOM, bay fronted, Edwardian semi-detached property situated on a highly desirable residential road in Old Trafford. Within easy walking distance of both Chorlton and Whalley Range centres and only a ten-minute drive from Manchester City Cent..."
"No stone has been left unturned in this stunningly renovated family home situated in the sought-after, leafy Ellesmere Park. The property benefits from a beautifully landscaped, spacious driveway, a lavish loft conversion, a striking rear garden, and comes with the additional bonus of no onward c..."
"A truly beautiful four bedroom family home situated within the prestigious and gated Dundreggan Gardens development. Spanning three floors this stunning family home has been cleverly re-configured on the ground floor to create a large, wonderful open plan kitchen/ family space, and enjoys a numbe..."
The epitome of city centre living - 1176 sq. ft. - 44th floor - Corner aspect - Breath taking views of Manchester skyline - Two double bedrooms - Engineered oak herringbone flooring - Two bathrooms - Secure parking with access to E.C. point - Pool - Gym - Conference suits - Roof terrace
"A handsome bay-fronted Victorian semi-detached property boasting immaculate and stylish accommodation over four floors. Renovated to a high standard throughout the property offers four double bedrooms, two stunning modern bathrooms, extended shaker style dining kitchen with Bi-fold doors, convert..."
"NO CHAIN - A STYLISH and WELL PRESENTED TOWNHOUSE set within an EXCLUSIVE GATED DEVELOPMENT, located next to MARIE LOUISE GARDENS and within WALKING DISTANCE of both DIDSBURY and WEST DIDSBURY VILLAGES. 1644 sq ft. The accommodation comprises an entrance hallway with W.C., living room with doors ..."
"A SUBSTANTIAL and well maintained, double fronted, FOUR BEDROOM semi detached family home located on a SELECT tree lined cul-de-sac adjacent to Fog Lane Park and within a short stroll of DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 1637sqft. The property enjoys a generous corner plot with gardens to three sides and a drive..."
"George Adams are proud to present for sale this Freehold substantial Victorian end terrace property in the heart of fashionable West Didsbury. The property consists of, kitchen/dining room, 2 reception rooms, downstairs WC with shower, 5 double bedrooms including master bedroom with ensuite a..."
"*VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE* An attractive and beautifully presented FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM detached, period family home arranged over three floors. Positioned in a leafy location off College Road here in Whalley Range. The property is close to several primary schools, including the Ofsted outstanding Man..."
"AN IMPRESSIVE, BAY FRONTED PERIOD semi detached family residence positioned on an ENVIABLE GARDEN PLOT and located within STROLLING DISTANCE of WITHINGTON VILLAGE. 1852 sq ft. The accommodation consists of an entrance hallway, a living room with a bay window, reception room, dining room leading i..."
"Immaculately presented 5-bedroom, 3 bathroom Victorian residence located in Monton. A grand and spacious property that has a total of 2648 square feet (246 square meters) and sits on a huge plot offering development potential along with 3 gardens and parking for many vehicles. Ideal for Families,..."
FULLY RENOVATED! LOCATE ESTATE AGENT are delighted to bring to the market this superb period five bedroom semi-detached property located on Gilda Crescent Road in a very popular part of Eccles. This attractive dwelling has recently undergone a full refurb and no stone has been left unturned to b...
Substantial and Imposing Home. Extended to Rear. Four Bedrooms. End Semi in Larger Than Average Plot. Through Lounge/Dining Room and Separate Snug. Extended Quality Fitted Breakfast Kitchen. Modern Bathroom and Cloak Room. Extensive Off Road Parking. Large Gardens. Sought After Location
"FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM PERIOD MID TERRACE PROPERTY WITH OVER 1900SQFT VERSATILE ACCOMMODATION OVER THREE FLOORS AND CONVERTED CELLARS! Situated on a highly sought after road located just a STONE'S THROW FROM LONGFORD PARK, this splendid property benefits from three spacious reception rooms as well ..."
"*VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE* An immaculately presented, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM, semi-detached property situated in a highly popular residential Road, on the borders of Chorlton & Whalley Range. This bay fronted property is within walking distance of the amenities in both Chorlton and Whalley Range, as w..."
"Impressive period four bedroom semi detached property boasting c1800 square feet of accommodation, set in extensive gardens in this much sought after location in the conservation area on the border of Whalley Range and Chorlton. A warm welcome awaits as you step in to the spacious hall..."
"*** Internal Viewing A Must - Breath-taking Extended Modern Detached Home With Well Proportioned and Versatile Living Space, Private Landscaped Gardens, Ample Parking And Situated Upon a Quiet Cul-de-Sac of Similar Executive Homes, Within a Much Sought After Residential Location *** S..."
A stunning victorian semi-detached house with period features /character and high ceilings throughout and perfectly situated in the heart of Chorlton. This property offers spacious accommodation over three floors as well as a spacious loft and cellar/basement. The ground floor comprises of an ent...
One of Manchester's most unique properties! Stunning four bedroom townhouse positioned in the heart of Manchester city centre.
"Stunning 3 bedroom Victorian semi, fully renovated and converted in prime Prestwich location."
" We are pleased to offer for sale this truly stunning 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMED NEWLY BUILT DETACHED HOME positioned at the end of a highly regarded cul-de-sac, this superb luxurious and stylish accommodation spread over 3 floors comprises reception hallway, a good sized downstairs w.c. and utility roo..."
"An EXCEPTIONALLY PRESENTED, EXTENDED semi detached family home which offers IMPRESSIVE PROPORTIONS THROUGHOUT, situated within strolling distance to the open green space of Fog Lane Park and DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 1460 sq ft. The accommodation consists of an entrance hallway with W.C, living room with..."
"L A Property Discovery are proud to present this beautiful 3 bedroom semi-detached Victorian home. Right on Chorlton's Beech Road, this property boasts stunning bay windows shown off with plantation shutters, central heating throughout and an ensuite bathroom. Whilst this property is th..."
Exceptionally Spacious Five Bed Period Property. Self Contained One Bed Apartment. - Ideal for renting and would SUBSIDISE your mortgage. Highly Sought After Location. Large Garden with Two Double Garages. Open Plan Fitted Kitchen/Family Room. No Vendor Chain
"An spacious and well presented three double bedroom ground floor apartment offering highly specified living accommodation, enjoying a Didsbury village location set within the leafy St James Park development. Boasting three double bedrooms, large open plan living/dining space, modern fitted kitche..."
"*** EWS1 CERTIFICATE NOW IN PLACE *** 2 BED DUPLEX APARTMENT WITH PARKING. A stunning, spacious two bedroom duplex river-facing apartment in the highly sought after The Edge development. Located on the banks of the River Irwell, next to The 5 star Lowry Hotel, only a short walk to the city's main..."
"Madina Property are delighted to offer to the market this spacious and well-presented FIVE BEDROOM home situated in the heart of Chorlton, only a short walk to the centre of Chorlton close to all the local shops/bars & restaurants and transport links giving direct access into the City Centre ..."
"A beautifully presented five bedroom property with landscaped rear garden. To the front of the property there is a block paved driveway with low maintenance shrubs, a beautiful stained glass door leads to the grand hallway with original features. The front Reception room has an impressive firepla..."
"A RARE and IMPRESSIVELY PROPORTIONED VICTORIAN END TERRACE located on a CORNER PLOT on the highly sought after Burton Road in the heart of FASHIONABLE WEST DIDSBURY village. 1963 sq ft. The accommodation consists of a entrance hallway, living room with bay window, spacious kitchen/dining room, an..."
"FINAL UNIT REMAINING - READY FOR JUNE 2023!!! We're delighted to present 'Ladysmith Row', an exciting brand-new build development by the Kamani Property Group. Bringing an exceptional mix of 5 contemporary homes, in a prime Didsbury location, just a short stroll from the heart of the villag..."
"An opportunity to purchase a quite superb apartment in a stunning grade II listed Victorian Mansion. The property has been well maintained and is presented to an excellent standard throughout. The accommodation comprises of; entrance hallway, fully fitted kitchen with centre island, beautiful bay..."
"Built in 1847, this gorgeous Victorian semi-detached three-bedroom home is located within the highly sought after Rushford Park conservation area. The interior is beautifully decorated and is complemented by plenty of standout period features, tastefully enhanced to make a truly unique property. ..."
"Situated on a sought after road only a few minutes walk from both Longford Park and Stretford Grammar School, a well presented and significantly extended FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY, boasting over 2700sqft family accommodation over three floors! This splendid property boasts two la..."
A truly immaculate five bedroom family home arranged over three floor floors reaching an impressive 2110 sq ft and offers the very best of contemporary living. This stunning property located on Valley Road in Heaton Mersey is on ethat is sure to impress any prospective buyers!
Breathtaking 25th top floor duplex penthouse with corner aspect in the popular One Regent development. Allocated underground parking included.
One Regent is situated in the historic Castlefield district of Manchester. 3-bed Penthouse. M3 4BE
"***3 BEDROOM LUXURY DUPLEX APARTMENT
*** MANCHESTER CITY CENTRE
***OPEN HOUSE JULY 27TH***
***REF KYNA"
"Medlock Estates proudly present three brand new, exclusive & luxurious new build properties set in the highly sought after Woodhouses Village located within easy walking distance to Daisy Nook Country Park due for completion Spring 2022. Choose from Plot B or Plot C which have been carefully desi..."
Normie are pleased to bring to market this large four double bedroom detached home on a large plot with huge garden.
"A stunning FOUR BEDROOM, THREE BATHROOM, semi detached forming part of a RECENTLY CONSTRUCTED and EXTREMELY POPULAR BELLWAY ECLIPSE development, set opposite CAVENDISH ROAD PARK and being within a SHORT STROLL of the ever popular BURTON ROAD and the METROLINK. Beautifully presented throughout wit..."
"** THIS IS ONE OF THE BEST PRESENTED AND HIGH-QUALITY TERRACES YOU ARE LIKELY TO COME ACROSS THIS YEAR, SO ARRANGE TO VIEW TODAY ** This two bedroomed property is the ideal property for first time buyers and buy top let investors who are looking for an excellent spacious home which is in a rea..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An attractive & spacious bay-fronted, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMED, Victorian, end of terraced property offering flexible living accommodation over four floors, featuring high ceilings, original cornicing and many period features with a wealth of charm and character throughout a..."
"Simply superb! An immaculately presented FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM detached family home occupying an excellent sized plot, standing on a corner, with driveway parking, a detached garage (currently used for storage) and an excellent rear garden with a sunny aspect. "
"Situated in the ever-popular East Didsbury, is this beautifully extended and modernised three-bed semi-detached home. Well regarded for its excellent schools, local amenities, transport links and easy access to Manchester, this location is the perfect place for a family home. Having undergone maj..."
"This semi detached period property is deceptively spacious and boasts character. Perfectly situated close to many local amenities and excellent transport links. Benefitting upvc double glazing and gas combi central heating. Comprising imposing large entrance hall, Lounge with feature fire/bay win..."
"Normie are pleased to offer this substantial four bedroom detached property occupying an impressive plot in this highly sought-after residential location in the heart of Sedgley Park, Prestwich, Manchester, close to Heaton Park."
An opportunity has arisen to purchase 6 fully let apartments within this semi detached abode on Westminster Road. Thornley Groves Estate Agents are honoured to bring to the market this one off investment opportunity situated in one of the most favoured residential locations of Ellesmer...
"A PRINCIPAL EDWARDIAN semi detached FAMILY HOME positioned on a highly SOUGHT AFTER ROAD only a moments stroll from DIDSBURY VILLAGE and Didsbury Park. 1518 sq ft. The property compromises of an entrance hallway, living room with bay fronted window, dining room, separate kitchen with two addition..."
"Located on a highly regarded TREE LINED ROAD, a spacious and well proportioned bay fronted semi detached property providing versatile family accommodation with FOUR good sized bedrooms and situated close to local amenities, the Metro, schools, shops and parks. Comprises briefly: enclosed porch, e..."
"*LAST REMAINING PLOT - RESERVE NOW WHILST YOU CAN* Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale a selection of FOUR BEDROOM townhouses with prices from £595,000 - £618,000, due to be complete by QTR 2 2023. The townhouses will be a perfect addition to Ancoats with its easy access to New..."
"A SIGNIFICANTLY EXTENDED, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY MUCH IMPROVED BY THE CURRENT OWNERS, ENJOYING A GENEROUS CORNER PLOT AND CONVENIENT LOCATION WITHIN EASY REACH OF DIDSBURY VILLAGE AND FOG LANE PARK. 1397 sq ft. This particular property enjoys the benefit of a two storey side ..."
INVEST IN THIS LUXURIOUS APARTMENT AT ONE OF THE CITIES MOST SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENTS! Beautiful dual aspect apartment on the 40th floor of the iconic Victoria Residence.
"An impressive sized five bedroom detached character house, with charming period features that was previously used as guest accommodation over four storeys."
"FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY DETACHED HOUSE FOR SALE TRADING PLACES are pleased to have this beautiful spacious four bedroom features with many original features which benefits from double glazing and gas central heating throughout.Externally, to the rear there is a fen..."
"Situated in a lovely cul-de-sac location is this very impressive, substantially extended and well presented four bedroom semi detached home in the much sought after village of Didsbury, with all the amenties it has to offer including shops, well regarded schools, restaurants and bars. Expected to..."
CLOSE TO MONTON & WORSLEY VILLAGES * DETACHED FAMILY HOME * SIX DOUBLE BEDROOMS * FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS * FRONT & REAR GARDENS * CLOSE TO EXCELLENT AMENITIES & TRANSPORT LINKS *
"We are pleased to offer for sale this attractive, exceptional three-bedroom, bay-fronted, detached family bungalow. The large property is situated on Milwain Road, on a double plot in a popular & convenient location. Offering spacious family accommodation, it is beautifully presented, and ben..."
An exciting redevelopment project fronting onto Princess Street with the rear overlooking the River Medlock. The site is an excellent location and ideal for residential redevelopment. The designs drawn up are for a twenty two storey residential tower block which is situated between the former Fa...
"*HIGH SPECIFICATION 59th FLOOR TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM, APARTMENT* Mr Investa are pleased to bring to the market this FANTASTIC BUY-TO-LET OPPORTUNITY located in one of Manchester City Centre's MOST ATTRACTIVE & ICONIC buildings, Deansgate Square - South Tower. This TASTEFULLY DESIGNED a..."
"Stunning new home The Priestley benefits from an integral garage, open-plan kitchen/dining area with French doors to the rear garden, a separate family room/snug, living room with French doors to the rear garden, as well as four double bedrooms and an en-suite to bedroom 1. "
"Introducing the Goldsmith, a stunning new home featuring a detached single garage, an open-plan kitchen/dining/family area with utility, integrated appliances and French doors to the rear garden. Upstairs boasts four double bedrooms with two en suites. "
"A SUPERB FAMILY HOME WITH AN ADDED ANNEX AND AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING Situated in a popular area of Swinton sits this superb, spacious family home. The property was built around 1880, is set over three floors and has an abundance of character, a superb cellar with three separate rooms, an ..."
"Positioned on a SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT of Green Walk in West Didsbury is this IMMACULATELY PRESENTED, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM end townhouse, finished to the HIGHEST OF STANDARDS throughout. Boasting a CORNER PLOT the property has a larger than average rear garden. Located on a quiet, new build dev..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this extremely rare investment opportunity; located in the increasingly popular postcode area of 'M7' Salford, Manchester. Originally a huge Victorian house, the property has been split into 5 self contained apartments and was let out as such fo..."
"VR 360 TOUR AVAILABLE HomeDaze are thrilled to present to the market for sale this excellently located 4/5 bed semi detached home to the market for sale. Situated on Overbrook drive M25, a short walk to excellent coffee shops, restaurants and Parks. Prestwich village is also c..."
"Introducing the Tailor, a beautiful new DETACHED home featuring an open-plan kitchen/dining area with french doors to the rear garden, a separate living room, an en suite and a contemporary family bathroom. "
"‘‘An ATTRACTIVE SEMI-DETACHED family home, offering BRIGHT, SPACIOUS and WELL PRESENTED accommodation throughout, located within walking distance of the sought after Didsbury village. 966 sq ft. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hallway, front reception room with bay fro..."
"Call our office today to request site tour with one of our SPS Agents! Townhouse 3 provides 1153 sq ft of living space that includes an entrance lobby and a large open plan kitchen, dining and living space."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A deceptively spacious & well-presented, FIVE BEDROOMED, bay fronted, period, mid-terraced property located in a central location on a highly popular residential road off High Lane in Chorlton. Will suit the modern way of living boasting over 1800 sq ft of accommodation ..."
"A RARE OPPORTUNITY to acquire a DETACHED BUNGALOW with GENEROUS GARDEN and an IDEAL LOCATION, forming part of a select tree lined CUL-DE-SAC which is adjacent to Fog Lane Park and within a SHORT STROLL of Didsbury Village. 1085 sq ft. uPVC double glazed windows are complemented by gas central he..."
"SOUGHT AFTER MONTON POSITION! OVERLOOKING THE BOWLING GREEN TO THE REAR! HOME ESTATE AGENTS are thrilled to offer for sale this period, four double bedroom semi detached family home located on this sought after Monton road. With the property overlooking Monton Bowling Green to the rear, the prope..."
"New to Albert Hill Street are a pair of beautifully crafted semi-detached townhouses with traditional red brick elevations, slate roofs and thoroughly modern interiors."
" Spacious four-bedroom semi-detached house, located in a quiet residential area in Old Trafford, Manchester. The property sits in a sought-after location with it being close to a number of local amenities including accredited primary and secondary schools, independent shops, parks, supermar..."
**AVAILABLE NOW* Genesis City are pleased to present 5 self-contained studio/flats on Urmston Lane in Stretford.
**NO ONWARDS CHAIN** Located in the heart of Chorlton is this stunning semi-detached family home which is immaculately presented throughout and finished to a very high standard! Viewings are a must. 
"PurpleBricks are very pleased to bring a fantastic & contemporary, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMED, townhouse with accommodation spread over three floors within this secure gated modern development. This Property is perfectly situated in the heart of Chorlton Green with its boutique shops, popular bars, ..."
"A significantly extended semi-detached family home in this very popular location, ideally positioned to make the most of tram, train and road transport links, sought after local schools and within easy reach of Didsbury village. With the side and rear extension, this home offers extensive square..."
"Briscombe Are Delighted To Offer For Sale this Beautifully Presented Five Bedroom Extended Semi-Detached Family Home, located within a popular well established residential area. Occupying a slightly elevated position, ideally located to benefit form transport links, amenities and local schools (B..."
Philip James are proud to introduce this beautifully presented link detached property on the popular Wittenbury Road. This property has been thoughtfully extended to create the ideal family home perfect for a growing family to take advantage of. This home is ideally positioned within the catchmen...
"With outstanding forward views and positioned discreetly off the Avenue, this former ‘Show Home’ of the whole development graces the open market for the first time. Commanding a larger than average plot and having been thoughtfully extended by the current owners, this brilliant modern..."
"A charming semi detached home occupying this excellent corner position on the corner of Atwood Road and Parrs Wood Road. Full of character and offering surprising levels of accommodation over 3 levels, it also has 2 separate driveways (one with a EV charging point), and is bound to appeal to the..."
"Introducing The Priestley, a beautiful family home boasting an integral garage, an open-plan kitchen/dining area with French doors and a separate family room/snug. Upstairs features four double bedrooms and an en-suite to bedroom 1. "
Stunning dual aspect apartment in the highly acclaimed Leftbank development.
A magnificent penthouse apartment forming part of this select development in the heart of vibrant Ancoats. Spacious accommodation over two levels comprising 3 double bedrooms (all ensuite) and a superb loft-style living area incorporating luxury kitchen with bi-fold doors onto a spacious terrace....
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An attractive & deceptively spacious, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMED, modern, mid-terraced positioned on this highly regarded gated development off Hardy Lane here in Chorlton. Within a fifteen-minute walk to all the independent shops/bars/restaurants on Beech Road via..."
"A superb five bedroom extended semi detached home situated in a sought after Didsbury location. This imposing family home is presented to an excellent standard throughout and has undergone a significant double storey extension. The accommodation comprises of; entrance hallway, three reception roo..."
"A spacious, FOUR BEDROOM, detached family home, situated on Shoreditch Close in the desirable HEATON MOOR. Occupying a FANTASTIC PLOT, the property extends to an impressive 1480 sq, ft, and offers a wealth of versatile living accommodation. Internally, the property briefly comprises: An entrance..."
"A superbly positioned and nicely extended semi detached family home in this very popular residential location, close to Fog Lane Park and within easy reach of Didsbury village and excellent transport links into Manchester City centre. Boasting a great sized south facing rear garden, loft convers..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** Located on a quiet cul-de-sac here in Whalley Range is the setting of this attractive FIVE BEDROOMED detached family home. Holwood Drive can be found in a leafy location of Kingsbrook Road here in Whalley Range, within walking distance to Whalley Range Tennis Club. This..."
"** VIDEO TOUR COMING SOON **Ideally positioned a moment’s walk from Stretford Grammar School the park and the mall, on one of Stretford's most sought-after streets, this impressive EXTENDED 1930s Semi-detached property is unlike anything brought to the market in this area within ..."
"Standing on an impressive plot with gardens to three sides, this individual four-bedroom detached home is positioned on a popular Heatons road close to all amenities and transport links. Measuring just over 1400 square feet, and benefitting from wonderful quality brick built elevations, an early ..."
Kirkham Property are delighted to offer a rare opportunity to purchase a unique substantial family home.  This impressive semi-detached property has been meticulously maintained by the current owner and maintains many of the original features.  Tucked away behind mature trees and shr...
"Extremely rare opportunity to purchase this chain-free detached family residence with a substantial plot adjacent that offers opportunity for redevelopment. Situated on at the head of the ever popular Langdale Road in Heaton Chapel, this opportunity would be ideal for a growing family seeking to ..."
"*** LUXURY LIVING - NEW BUILD APARTMENTS in LEAFY SALFORD *** *** COMPLETION BY MARCH 2023 *** Martin and Co along with Dream Homes Construction are proud to introduce six New Luxury Apartments currently under construction, in this affluent area of Salford, Greater Manchester. Situated on Uppe..."
The Limes in Didsbury village is one of the area’s most exclusive and desirable new developments. This stunning two bedroom apartment is presented to an exceptional standard throughout. Recently constructed the site is accessed via gated entry with allocated parking and lift access to all f...
Looking For Your Forever Family Home? We think we have found it.... Sell Well are thrilled to be instructed with this stunning period semi-detached which is located in Ellesmere Park just a short stroll from the vibrant Monton Village. This is a rare opportunity to purchase a substantial five bed...
"The Fleming is a spacious new home featuring an open-plan kitchen and dining area with utility and integrated appliances, living room with bay window, integral single garage, and an en-suite and fitted wardrobes to the master bedroom. "
"AN EXCEPTIONALLY PRESENTED, MODERN FAMILY HOME IN THE HEART OF CLAREMONT SALFORD! Keenan’s estate agents are excited to present to the market, this truly breath taking five bedroomed semi detached home! Situated in the ever desired Claremont area of Salford, within close proximity of sc..."
Extended Detached Family Home. Five Good Sized Bedroom. Recently Fitted Modern Kitchen. Double Glazing & Gas Central Heating. Large Garage with Remote Roller Door. Pleasant Enclosed Rear Garden. Highly Sought After Location. No Vendor Chain
"A substantial SIX double bedroom period semi-detached home situated in the heart of Levenshulme; one of South Manchesters most desirable locations.
"
This wonderful four bedroom semi detached has been fully refurbished and extended to provide spacious and flexible accommodation. High quality fixtures and fittings along with period features. .Located with views of the Church and Heaton Park is on the doorstep. This house is not to be missed!
"A beautifully presented modern property boasting immaculate and stylish presentation throughout forming part of the private gated Chorlton Villas development. Simply stunning throughout the property offers an open-plan living/dining kitchen, two superb bathrooms, three large double bedrooms with ..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A beautifully presented & spacious, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMED, modern, semi-detached property located on a highly popular residential road here in Whalley Range off Kingsbrook Road. Within a twenty-minute walk of the Metrolink Station on St Werburghs Road which gives..."
"NO CHAIN Just moments away from all of the great shops, bars and restaurants that West Didsbury has to offer, is this fantastic four-bed semidetached Victorian home. Split over three-floors, including a converted cellar, this property offers plenty of living space. In short..."
" No chain involved! A rare opportunity to purchase this Impressive period semi detached house, situated in a tree-lined sought-after location, south-facing, set in approximately 0.8 acres. This family home has been occupied by the current vendors for many years and has retained an array of orig..."
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this stunning 5 double bedroom period property in Salford's most sought-after postcode - M7. The spacious mid-terrace home is set over 4 floors including a large basement that is in great condition and is currently being used as a workspace. The ...
"For sale by auction bidding to open at 2pm on 26/04/23- Hyde Estates present this investment opportunity in Longsight. This large detached building comprises of 8 self contained apartments with an annual income of £43,200."
Philip James are proud to introduce this immaculate three-bedroom period semi-detached property on the desirable Chandos Road. This property has been extended and remodeled to the highest standard throughout to create a perfect blend of modern and period living. Ideally positioned on a quiet resi...
"Gross rent of £50,580.79 for 12 month from the 1st of July 2023 to 30th June 2024. This large Victorian semi is light and airy, boasting high ceilings and big windows throughout. The bedroo..."
"STUNNING DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME This beautifully presented four bedroom family home is being proudly welcomed to the property market, in close proximity to all local amenities, well regarded schools and major commuter routes, this property is definitely not one to miss. This home..."
Situated on the popular St Werburghs Road is this fantastic FOUR BEDROOM semi-detached home is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN. This home is a perfect opportunity for any purchaser to make something their own. A viewing is an absolute must. 
"Hunters in Manchester are proud to present and bring to the market this one of a kind duplex apartment in the Murrays Mill development in the popular Ancoats location, converted in 2020. The property spans over two storeys with a total square footage of 1,722sqft. The duplex apartment consists of..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A spacious and extended THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM, bay fronted 1920’s traditional semi-detached property, situated off Ryebank Road and on a highly popular, residential road in Chorlton. Beautifully upgraded by the current owners and occupying a prime Chorlton address. "
"A SPECTACULAR four bedroom family home presented to a STUNNING HIGH STANDARD THROUGHOUT. Having undergone a complete transformation the property has been METICULOUSLY MAINTAINED boasting an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER. CONVENIENTLY positioned on Kingsleigh Road with a range of shops, green spaces inc..."
"A three bedroom semi detached property with a large garden in a great location. Internally is an entrance hall, large living room, kitchen diner, conservatory leading to the large rear garden. To the first floor are three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Eastham Avenue is in Fallowfiel..."
"Located on a popular development in Audenshaw, this large 4 double bed detached home is ideal for a growing family. There are 3 reception rooms, a large dining room/kitchen with separate utility room, downstairs WC, 2 en suites & family bathroom. Double garage & double drive plus good sized garden."
Stunning four bedroom townhouse home in a highly desirable Worsley location.
"The Edgeworth Alt is a 4-bedroom home that features an open-plan kitchen and dining area, a spacious living room, separate family room and an en suite to bedroom 1. Complete with a detached single garage. "
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - A centrally located MID-TERRACED property FULLY REFURBISHED and EXTENDED to create a SIX BEDROOM HMO with SIX ENSUITES, situated only a few minutes walk from the universities and fully let till June 2023 and producing a gross income of £40,365 per annum. NOW LET TILL..."
"**Location, Location, Location!** We have found what you have been looking for. Sanderson James are delighted to market this four bedroom extended semi detached family home with the possibility of a fifth bedroom on the ground floor. As you arrive to Moor Park Road you will notice a spacious driv..."
"Located within strolling distance to Heaton Moor village, this outstanding 1920’s semi-detached property, stands proud on a corner plot position. With exquisite period features, spacious cellar chambers and wonderful airy rooms measuring an impressive 1667 square feet, this hand..."
"The Residences' provides luxurious living situated within stunning grounds, with secure parking and mature landscaped gardens."
"A STUNNING MID TERRACE home covering three floors, situated on a sought after MODERN DEVELOPMENT within walking distance of WEST DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 1587 sq ft. The property consists of: an entrance hallway, contemporary living room, open plan dining room incorporated with modern fitted kitchen. To..."
"This Grade two listed imposing period property is set on the most prestigious location of Worsley green, Close to beautiful walks along Worsley canal, Restaurants, outstanding schools and local amenities. Benefitting from gas combi central heating and original windows. Comprising Lounge with bay ..."
"Located off Campbell road and close to Swinton Greenway Park, this executive, recently constructed family home sits on a new Bellway development (The Brackens) that has been incredibly popular with a huge range of buyers and it's easy to see why! The Brackens is a development of new homes in Swi..."
"An outstanding period end terrace currently split into 3 apartments, one with its own entrance and two with a communal door front access. This period, garden fronted, end terrace property with accommodation..."
"This stunning apartment forms part of the prestigious Avro development by Urban Splash, successfully blending the heritage of this striking Grade II listed mill with luxury contemporary fittings. Spacious accommodation comprising loft-style living space incorporating kitchen with canal views, 2 d..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An attractive and spacious, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM, bay fronted, period mid-terrace property situated in a highly desirable residential location in the heart of Chorlton. Close to all local amenities including restaurants, delis and shops and the Metro link station on Wilbra..."
"A superb semi-detached property situated in an ever popular cul-de-sac, close to local schools, amenities and transport links and easy walking distance to the fashionable bars and restaurants of Heaton Chapel and Heaton Moor. Wonderfully finished throughout, the property briefly comprises: To th..."
"A wonderful three bedroomed semi-detached property boasting many selling features including a deep frontage, period features and handsome elevations. Located on a nice sector of this Prime Heaton Moor Road, 102 Derby Road is a perfect home for the growing family. In brief the property..."
"An imposing and substantial double fronted four double bedroom end terraced property set over three floors. The property is situated on a popular residential street and within walking distance of Levenshulme train station. The property is perfect for a larger family, or an investor looking for a ..."
"Aubrey Lee & Co are happy to bring to the market this nicely presented and proportioned, extended four bedroom family home situated in a popular location off Bury Old Road. An internal viewing is strongly recommended to fully appreciate the property."
"A lovingly extended four/five double bedroom 1930's semi-detached home, boasting ample space and ideal for families, situated on a popular road.
"
Simply superb! A stunning semi detached family home which has undergone a rigorous schedule of improvement by our vendor with attention paid to detail and with the addition of an amazing wrap around single storey extension to the side and rear.
"1 Click Move are proud to bring to market this stunning, immaculately presented two bedroom Apartment on 8th floor,Beetham Tower development. Boasting spectacular city panoramic views, modern kitchen with open plan living, two double bedrooms, two bathrooms and floor to ceiling windows through..."
BRAND NEW DEVELOPMENT - COMPLETING Q4 2023 - TWO BEDROOM DUPLEX APARTMENT. Call Now to Receive a Floor Plan and Info Pack
MORTGAGE BUYERS WELCOME due to mortgage companies lending criteria amendments following the Building Safety Act 2022. Government Building Safety Fund Approval in Place for remediation works. No expense has been spared on this exquisitely refurbished apartment offering a truly bespoke a...
"Luxurious 40th floor, two double bedroom apartment over 1000 SQFT, situated in the stunning Elizabeth Tower development."
"BUY-TO-LET PROPERTY | RESIDENTIAL APARTMENTS: These luxury apartments stand central in Deansgate, Manchester, offering residents incredible views of the city and the development is placed in a convenient and walkable location to all the best amenities the city has to offer."
"A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, TWO BEDROOM, TERRACE PROPERTY, WITH OPEN VIEWS TO THE FRONT OVERLOOKING CAVENDISH PARK, FORMING PART OF A SMALL CUL-DE-SAC IN THE HEART OF WEST DIDSBURY, WITH AN ATTRACTIVE COURTYARD GARDEN. 924sq ft. Located in the heart of West Didsbury, within a short stroll of the Met..."
"Four Bedroom Family Home, located on the Bridgewater Canal in the Heart of Worsley Village. Offering Well Presented Accommodation Set Over Three Floors, complete with Modern Kitchen/Diner, Lounge, Four Bedrooms, Two En-Suites and a Family Bathroom, complete with well maintained gardens to the fro..."
"Stunning new home The Larch benefits from an open-plan kitchen/dining area with French doors to the rear garden and adjoining utility room, a separate living room and an en suite to bedroom 1. "
"Ancoats Gardens is located in the thriving Ancoats neighbourhood in Manchester city centre, regarded by The Times as one of the top 20 coolest places to live in the UK. As Manchester's largest regeneration area, the development is less than 300 metres from NOMA and the Central Business District."
"Situated on a sought after, tree lined road, this traditional three bed semi-detached property has an abundance of character. From the stained glass entrance porch, to the traditional high ceilings throughout, the gorgeous bay windows and open coal fire this is the perfect family home. ..."
"Introducing the Scrivener, a beautiful new detached home benefitting from a detached single garage, open-plan kitchen/dining/family area with integrated appliances, a utility room, living room with bay window, plus an en-suite to bedroom 1. "
"**CITY CENTRE LOCATION** ON-SITE GYM & POOL** INCREDIBLE SPECIFICATION** COMMUNAL LANDSCAPED GARDEN** UNIQUE CONTEMPORARY YET URBAN DESIGN** GRADE II LISTED VIADUCT**
"
This iconic 40-storey Tower situated just off Deansgate boasts 327 impeccable and high-end luxury apartments that give tenants an outstanding quality of living. It will be the most prestigious new luxury development in Manchester city Centre with luxurious 5* amenities including a state-of-t...
"A WELL-PROPORTIONED bay fronted four bedroom semi-detached family home, located on a highly sought after road and ideally within walking distance to the ever popular DIDSBURY VILLAGE with an array of shops, bars and restaurants, including the open green spaces of DIDSBURY PARK and FLETCHER MOSS B..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A beautifully extended, THREE BEDROOM, bay fronted semi-detached property. Situated on this highly popular residential road, off St Werburgh’s Road in Chorlton. Within a short walk of the Metrolink station on St Werburgh’s Road, giving you easy access to The City..."
"This truly exceptional treasure of a property has never seen the open market in its history, being custodian of the same family for nearly 100 years. Situated on a quiet cobbled street, close to well-regarded local amenities, the home has an absolute abundance of period character and charm throug..."
Julie Twist Properties are delighted to present this astonishing three bedroom duplex apartment located within the Murray Mills conversion development in Ancoats. The apartments total square footage is above 1500sqft and has an incredible living/dining area with an open plan kitchen with fully in...
"Latchkey and Vault present this immaculate and substantial house, set in an sought after location in the ever popular area, with tastefully enhanced contemporary accommodation including 4 bedroom, detached property. Externally the property is garden fronted with driveway. To the rear is an ex..."
"This substantial three story Victorian terraced property has amazing original features and ceiling height, with the addition of the cellars being converted.
This property is set over four floors, plus a detached workshop to rear. Extremely well presented a great family home"
"Situated in the sought after area of Dane bank this property is perfectly suited for those looking to take advantage of the multitude of benefits the area has to offer from fantastic local schools, easy access to the city centre and motorway links and a number of amenities such as shops, stores, ..."
Six Bedroom semi detached property in need of full renovation throughout. Offering over 2000 square feet of accommodation over three storeys. The property comprises of a well proportioned hallway leading to two reception rooms and kitchen with a handy ground floor cloak room. To the first floo...
"A vastly extended and versatile 1930s semi detached situated in a sought after and convenient community location close to local amenities, popular schools and transport links. In brief the spacious family homes internal accommodation comprises; entrance hallway, sitting room, lounge openi..."
"*** Four Bedroom Semi-Detached *** Garage and Cellar Space, Perfect for Converting! *** Purplebricks are pleased to offer to the market this spacious four bedroom semi-detached property. Oozing potential, perhaps convert the garage/cellar as a work from home business or equally a fantastic space..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this attractive double fronted period property with four double bedrooms offering generous family accommodation. Located on a sought after road in the heart of Heaton Moor, ideally placed being just a few minutes walk away from the many amenities the village has..."
Hunters in Manchester are delighted to present this amazing two bedroom duplex luxury apartment in the popular Royal Mills development situated on the canals just off Great Ancoats Street. The property is across the road from Ancoats/Northern Quarter and a short walk to the New Islington canals w...
"*** Stunning Modern Extended Detached Family Home, Finished to the Most Exacting Of Standards and Situated Within a Highly Sought After and Convenient Residential Location *** This wonderful property is situated in a popular setting within the fabulous area of Winton, Eccles, boasting..."
Looking For Your Forever Family Home? We think we have found it.... Sell Well are thrilled to be instructed with this stunning period semi-detached which is located just a short stroll from the vibrant Monton Village. This is a rare opportunity to purchase a substantial four bedroomed house which...
"An exciting opportunity to acquire a recently refurbished, and hugely popular style of period terraced home tucked away in a cul de sac just of the fabulous Burton Road, known for its array of independent shops, bars and restaurants. Enjoying a converted cellar including a utility space and mode..."
**CLOSE TO HEATON PARK** **WALKING DISTANCE TO PRIMARY SCHOOL** **GARAGE AND CELLARS** Substantial sized family home spanning three floors. Great location call now to book your viewing! COUNCIL TAX BAND C. EPC GRADE D.
"DEPOSIT BOOST AVAILABLE - The Clifton is a spacious 2 bedroom apartment just minutes walk from the Northern Quarter. OPEN-PLAN kitchen-living area, this is the perfect space for socialising. With 2 EN-SUITE Bedrooms. Allocated PARKING SPACE included. "
"In brief the property comprises; large entrance hallway, kitchen, utility room, lounge, dining room, downstairs WC and access to the integral Garage.
To the first floor you will find a spacious landing providing access to the master bedroom with en-suite, bedroom two, bedroom three, bedroom four ..."
"*** Fabulous Extended Detached Family Home With Superb Versatile Living Space, Private Landscaped Gardens Including a Substantial Garden Room/Home Office, Ample Parking And Situated within a Much Sought After Residential Location *** Situated within a popular and highly convenient set..."
"Julian Wadden are delighted to be selling this wonderful four bedroom detached home, which stands on a larger than average plot and can be found on a popular residential location. Boasting gardens to three sides and a detached garage to the rear, this property would make an ideal family home. 132..."
UNIQUE DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY! Prime Salford Location! Mr Investa are pleased to bring to the market these 3 commercial garage units and a plot of land which is currently used as a car park with PREVIOUS PLANNING APPROVED TO BUILD 6 APARTMENTS OVER 3 FLOORS.
"GREEN MORTGAGE ELIGIBLE (SELECTED LENDERS) PRIVATE GATED COMMUNITY  Choice of KITCHEN SPACIOUS 5 BEDROOM DETACHED 1,461 ft2  SPACIOUS REAR GARDENS and PARKING for TWO VEHICLES OFF WORSLEY ROAD FREEHOLD 3 BATHROOMS.  The D..."
"A WELL PROPORTIONED EDWARDIAN SEMI-DETACHED HOME with THREE FLOORS including cellars. In need of some cosmetic updating, the property is located in FASHIONABLE WEST DIDSBURY just a short walk from the open green space of the RIVER MERSEY. 1333 sq ft. The impressive accommodation consists of an en..."
A deceptively spacious and family friendly three bedroom detached home situated upon one of Swinton's most desirable roads boasting a luxurious internal finish
"****MODERN & DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS****ONE OF ONLY 2 OF THIS STYLE ON THE ESTATE**** BUILT CIRCA 2000 BY BARRETTS****VERY POPULAR WOODHOUSE GREEN ESTATE**** 5 BED, 3 STORY, 4 BATH, 2 RECEPTION ROOMS**** We are delighted to bring to the market this executive 3 Story, 5 bedroom detached family home. ..."
"Unit PS-2607 - 20th Floor - 2 Bed Luxury Apartment Brand new 5* luxury Apartments in the heart of Manchester! Discover a world of indulgence with these luxurious one, two and three bed apartments offering stylish open plan living/kitchen areas with integrated appliances, premium herringbone sty..."
"FOUR BEDROOM semi-detached family home in sought-after Sedgley Park. Private rear gardens, large open-plan kitchen and dining area plus HUGE SCOPE FOR EXTENSION, subject to planning. Recently enhanced by internal refurbishments and a FULL RE-ROOF, this property MUST BE VIEWED!"
"Latchkey & Vault are pleased to market this magnificent three bedroom, semi-detached property in the much sought after area of Charlton, Manchester. Close to all amenities including, schools, public transport, shops, restaurants and allotments. Located within a cup-de-sac, this propert..."
"**NO CHAIN** **REFURBISHED VICTORIAN TERRACED PROEPRTY** If you are looking for the WOW factor, then this Period End Terraced Property ticks the box! We are excited to be instructed on this truly outstanding property which is located on Manchester Road a stones throw from Victoria Par..."
Occupying a superb position in arguably one of the most highly sought after roads in Prestwich. We are delighted to offer for sale this 3 bed detached property with full planning for a two storey extension to the side and rear; Single storey front extension; Increasing height to the roof includin...
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A fantastic opportunity to purchase a FIVE BEDROOMED, modern semi-detached home in the heart of Chorlton positioned on a popular residential road. Within a five minute walking distance to the Metrolink. This will provide easy access to a range of amenities including a dir..."
"A beautifully presented and well appointed THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED 1930'S PROPERTY, boasting an approximately ONE HUNDRED FOOT SOUTH WEST FACING GARDEN and SELF CONTAINED ONE BEDROOM ANNEXE! This delightful property offers spacious and light accommodation throughout and will prove an i..."
"Beautiful Beech Road! L A Property Discovery are delighted to bring this Edwardian terrace on Beech Road to the market. This large property comprises of two double bedrooms and one single bedroom. The property has a large separate front reception room, second reception room leading to a ..."
"Situated on a sought after road only a few minutes walk from both Chorlton Village and Beech Road, a beautifully presented and well proportioned FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM PERIOD MID TERRACED PROPERTY, offering spacious and versatile family accommodation over THREE FLOORS PLUS CELLARS. This splendid pro..."
"Situated on a highly sought after road just off BEECH ROAD, a deceptively spacious THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED 1930S PROPERTY boasting both GATED OFF ROAD PARKING and DETACHED GARAGE. This splendid property is located only a few minutes walk to both Chorlton Village and the vibrant scene of Beech..."
"This development is in an ideal location, nestled between Manchester City Centre and Salford - within striking distance of everything that Manchester has to offer. This is the last remaining 3-bedroom apartment which is designed to the highest standard to provide residents with luxury..."
"We are delighted to bring to market this four bedroom extended detached family home in arguably one of the most sought after areas of Prestwich; well placed close to Heaton Park, off Park Road. The property briefly comprises of a spacious hallway, guest WC, through lounge/dining room with bay..."
"Normie & Company are pleased to bring to market this four bedroom detached property, which is ideally located close to Heaton Park, off Park Road."
"**CITY CENTRE LOCATION** ON-SITE GYM & POOL** INCREDIBLE SPECIFICATION** COMMUNAL LANDSCAPED GARDEN** UNIQUE CONTEMPORARY YET URBAN DESIGN** EXPOSED BRICK** GRADE II LISTED VIADUCT**
"
"BRAND NEW DEVELOPMENT. TOP FLOOR THREE BEDROOM APARTMENT. Tenanted Investment, renting out for £1,750 pcm. Physical viewings welcome, Virtual tour available. Prime city centre location in the much sought after Embankment west developement. Benefits from first class on site facilties such as..."
"Normie is pleased to offer a beautiful two-bedroom mid-terraced house for sale, located in a desirable residential area that strikes the perfect balance between peace and quiet and easy access to local amenities."
"Take a 3D Tour of this deceptively spacious unique detached property situated in a quiet location in Northenden. With 3 bedrooms, 3 receptions, ample parking and stunning gardens. Viewing is highly recommended. EPC GRADE = D"
An immaculately presented and well maintained three bedroom link detached family home which is situated in a popular and sought after residential part of Heaton Moor.
"AN ATTRACTIVE and STYLISHLY PRESENTED, semi detached family home located in the FASHIONABLE WEST DIDSBURY with an array of shops, bars and restaurants within walking distance. 950 sq ft. The accommodation comprises: an entrance porch, reception hallway, front facing living room, a dining room le..."
"This INCREDIBLE SIZED freehold, 1788 square foot property has to be seen to be believed! It is the perfect FAMILY HOME, it is ready to move into and has already been EXTENDED multiple times to offer additional space for a growing family, but the home still has massive POTENTIAL to put your sta..."
Genesis City are proud to present this new build 2 bedroom apartment in central Manchester due to complete Q4 2025 
Canal Wharf House brings a new level of luxury and sensational specification to Castlefield. The development has been impeccably and carefully considered with the aim to offer buyers the most amazing place to call home. Situated on the edge of the Canal basin in the heart of Castlefield...
"Hunters Manchester are proud to introduce this high specification luxury apartment. With this three bedroom duplex apartment, measuring at approximately 2160 sq. ft, you will find a property that truly ticks every single box! Here you are located just off Chapel Street, one of Salford's main ..."
STUNNING PROPERTY with PERIOD FEATURES throughout spread over four floors. Creating a PERFECT FAMILY HOME or INVESTMENT and ideally located on the outskirts of Ellesmere park close to EXCELLENT AMENITIES & TRANSPORT LINKS.
FOUR BEDROOMS IN THE WEST POINT! An beautifully presented extended four bedroom semi-detached property in Le...
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a spacious four bedroom detached property tucked away in a popular development next to the picturesque historical 'Watkins Wood'. Offering a quiet setting with stunning tree lined views sitting room, living room leading through to the dining room, fitte..."
"Set on a large corner plot this four bedroomed detached home offers ideal family accommodation with plenty of space to extend if required (subject to relevant planning permissions). Offering gas central heating, uPVC windows, lounge, dining room, family room, fitted kitchen, bathroom and separate wc"
"Introducing a stunning luxury penthouse apartment nestled in the heart of Manchester's bustling business district! Located just off Kings Street, this penthouse offers unparalleled convenience and access to the city's finest landmarks and restaurants, including the iconic Sam's Chop House located..."
"LAST REMAINING 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT A huge 1035sqft apartment on the 45rd floor with ensuite to master and walk in wardrobe. Amenities include spa, deluxe gym, working space, lounges etc. This iconic skyscraper has a changed Manchester's residential market for good. Offering ..."
"A stylish and sophisticated period family home boasting the perfect combination of traditional and contemporary features throughout while situated in a popular and convenient location close to amenities, schools and transport links. This magnificent property has recently undergone a dazzl..."
"A spacious and well maintained family home, close to Stretford Tram Stop, many local amenities and within catchement area of good schools
The property has been extended to the rear, comprising briefly; lovely entrance hallway, beautfully presented front living room. To the rear of the property th..."
"LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION, does it get any better! South Manchester homes are pleased to offer for sale this beautifully presented, period 3 bedroom end terrace in Didsbury Village, next to Didsbury Park. The property is well presented throughout and briefly comprises of hallway...... "
"A modern & well presented, THREE BEDROOM, semi-detached property situated on a quiet cul-de-sac off Cartwright Road in a highly popular Chorlton Green location. Within walking distance to Beech Road and all its independent shops, bars, restaurants, fantastic primary schools and Chorlton Nature Re..."
"This simply stunning detached bungalow with loft conversion offers a truly amazing lifestyle opportunity for any family. The residence offers an abundance of space throughout finished to a very high standard, featuring an impressive entrance hall, spacious superbly fitted modern kitchen/dining r..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A well-presented & tastefully extended FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMED, attractive, bay-fronted, semi-detached family home located off Ayres Road here in Old Trafford. Positioned on a highly desirable tree lined residential road, the property is within easy walking distance of Sey..."
Luxurious two double bedroom apartment with parking in the highly sought after Leftbank development.
*Beautifully appointed two bedroom bungalow * *Superb sought after location * *En suite Master bedroom. * *Enclosed private patio and garden * *Eat in kitchen * *Walk in Condition*
*** HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER AREA *** SPACIOUS GARDEN PLOT *** IDEALLY POSITIONED TO WELL REGARDED SCHOOLS *** WELL PRESENED TO DECOR THOUGHOUT *** STUNNING BATHROOM *** GENEROUS DIMENSIONS *** FANTASTIC TRANSPORT LINKS ***
"A MAGNIFICENT, EXTENDED four/five bedroom, two bathroom semi detached property boasting GENEROUSLY PROPORTIONED living space throughout. Located down a quiet residential street, just a short distance from a range of amenities, transport links and local reputable schools, presenting the perfect op..."
"Clive Anthony are pleased to offer for sale this four bedroom period terraced property situated on the popular Orange Hill Road in Prestwich, being cl..."
"A larger than average THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM apartment positioned on the SECOND FLOOR of the highly sought after ROYAL MILLS DEVELOPMENT with TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES and offered with NO VENDOR CHAIN. EWS1 Available. Mortgage Buyers Welcome.
"
"NO CHAIN. A rare opportunity to acquire a three bedroom semi-detached property situated in a highly popular residential area in Chorlton off Wilbraham Road. Walking distance to the centre of Chorlton with all its array of independent cafes/shops/bars, a five-minute walk to both Beech Road, Chor..."
"*Incentives Available* This first floor 1018 square foot first floor is tucked away in the thriving business hub of Manchester. It's positioned just off Kings Street, granting exceptional accessibility to the city's premier attractions and dining destinations, such as the renowned Sam's Chop Hous..."
"A brand-new development of 4 modern semi-detached homes which boast spacious light-filled rooms over three floors, and many features including vaulted ceilings and walk out roof terraces with glass balustrades. Highly deceptive and measuring an impressive 1505 square feet (including the balcony),..."
"Advertised for £145 pppw from 1st July 2023 to 30th June 2024, expected gross income of £43,355.00. The property is currently let to the 30th of June 2023 with a gross income of £35,880 on ..."
CHAIN FREE * FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME OR INVESTMENT * SPREAD OVER FOUR FLOORS * 6 DOUBLE BEDROOMS & A SINGLE * This FABULOUS PROPERTY is coming to the market CHAIN FREE
"Situated on a quiet residential road, a beautifully presented and EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM 1930's SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY offering spacious and light family accommodation throughout. This splendid property offers a TWENTY SEVEN FOOT THROUGH LOUNGE/DINING ROOM as well as a delightful breakfast kitche..."
"TRADING PLACES are pleased to have available this beautifully presented three bedroom semi-detached property which benefits from double glazing and gas central heating.  Briefly the accommodation comprises of open entrance porch, entrance hall, lounge and a stunning kitchen/living area with Bi..."
"LAST REMAINING 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT A huge 1035sqft apartment on the 43rd floor with ensuite to master and walk in wardrobe. Amenities include swimming pool, spa, gym and full size tennis court. This iconic skyscraper has a changed Manchester's residential market for good. Of..."
"Introducing the most exquisite standards of luxury living to Manchester’s very own cultural powerhouse, One Port Street will revolutionise the residential market in the Northern Quarter. Soon to become Manchester’s most desired development, One Port Street stands in a league of its ow..."
"This boutique waterside development is ideally located in Castlefield and enjoys a wealth of amenities for residents including concierge, gymnasium, spa, residents' terrace, meeting rooms, private dining space, residents' lounge and cycle storage. The property also benefits from an eighth floor p..."
"EXTENDED, PERIOD FAMILY HOME! HOME ESTATE AGENTS are excited to offer for sale this extended, three bedroom semi detached property. The property is located on the ever popular Rocky Lane with easy access into Monton and Swinton along with a short walk to Monton Green Primary school and all the lo..."
A beautifully appointed and well maintained mid terrace family home boasting substantial four bedroom accommodation with the added benefit of a good sized lawned rear garden.
"This modern and AMAZINGLY presented SPACIOUS, EXTENDED PERIOD freehold property is RECENTLY RENOVATED and is ready to move into as it is offered with NO ONWARD VENDOR CHAIN. It is situated in a very popular, sought after location as it is centrally located and is only a 5-minute walk to the he..."
"WOW THIS NEEDS TO BE SEE TO BE BELIVED!  Located on Errwood road stands a FOUR BEDROOM extended semi that has recently undergone a total referb, Offering FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS plus extended high end kitchen, downstairs WC and french doors leading to the secured back garden. Ups..."
"NEW LAUNCH: Introducing the most exquisite standards of luxury living to the Capital of the North, Manchester.The first residential development of its kind, One Port Street pushes the boundaries of resident experience like never before to redefine city living."
"Unit PS-2501- 25th Floor - 2 Bed Luxury Apartment Brand new 5* luxury Apartments in the heart of Manchester! Discover a world of indulgence with these luxurious one, two and three bed apartments offering stylish open plan living/kitchen areas with integrated appliances, premium herringbone styl..."
"Soon to become Manchester's most desired development, One Port Street stands in a league of its own. A five-star living experience in the city's creative capital, residents will have access to the finest amenities on the market, pushing the boundaries of resident experience like never before"
"**INCREDIBLE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY **STUNNING HOMES** HIGH RENTAL YIELDS** ULTRA-MODERN INTERIOR** INCREDIBLE LOCATION** UNIQUE ARCHITECTURAL DESIGNS** COMPLETING THIS YEAR** REPUTABLE DEVELOPER**
"
"Beautiful 4 bedroom period home packed with character and traditional features. If you`ve been looking for a true family home, this 4 bedroom Victorian semi detached property with it`s spacious rooms, high ceilings, abundance of character and traditional features is going to make your day."
"A striking new feature on the city's skyline, Vision is Manchester's most prestigious new luxury development and comprises 37 storeys of prime residential apartments in the very heart of the city centre."
"FANTASTIC MONTON POSITION! HOME ESTATE AGENTS agents are priviledged to offer for sale this much loved and extended four bedroom semi detached property which is located within a short walk to Monton Road. Witha n array of shops, bars, restaurants, walks and not forgetting Monton Green primary sch..."
"A THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM, semi-detached property located in the HEART OF WEST DIDSBURY, within a short stroll of the Metrolink and Burton Road with its array of cafes, restaurants and shops. The great location gives easy access to the city centre via public transport links and the nearby motorway n..."
"OFFERS INVITED - An ATTRACTIVE 1930's FOUR BEDROOM semi-detached property situated in a SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION close to DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 1274 sq ft. The accommodation requires cosmetic updating throughout but has been well maintained and briefly consists of: a storm porch, hallway, cloakroom, din..."
It is with great pleasure that we offer for sale this most attractive FOUR BEDROOM semi detached family home which benefits from a large loft conversion providing a master bedroom with an en-suite shower room. 
"An immaculately presented, TOTALLY RENOVATED AND EXTENDED THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED 1930S PROPERTY, ideally placed for all local amenities, schools and transport links. This delightful property is offered for sale in MOVE-IN READY CONDITION, having recently undergone a total renovation c..."
"Advantage Investment are delighted to present a stunning development in the heart of Manchester.1, 2, and 3 bedroom apartments available. * Projected returns 7%.* Ideal for investors and homeowners alike."
"COULD THIS BE THE ONE?A beautifully presented four bedroom period semi-detached property in the heart of M19, set over four floors including three cellar chamber. Retaining many of the buildings original features with a well balanced combination of modern style of living. In addition t..."
"This well presented extended semi detached property is the perfect family home. The property briefly comprises entrance hallway, lounge, second reception room, family dining kitchen, great size pantry that could be used for other purposes. To the first floor you will find 2 double bedrooms, small..."
"***UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY***PERIOD PROPERTY***DETACHED****LARGE GROUNDS***WOODHOUSES LOCATION****FOUR BEDROOMS***WELL PRESENTED*** Cousins Estate Agents are please to present this SUBSTANTIAL PROPERTY located in the heart of the popular Woodhouses Village, Failsworth. This unique property ha..."
"Manhattan, a luxury duplex apartment centrally located with a parking space included!"
"Delighted to present this 6 bedroom 2 reception rooms property spread over 4 floors with a spacious garden. The internal accommodation comprises: entrance hallway, lounge with bay window to the front aspect, dining room, dining kitchen.
Large cellars to the lower ground floor that give direct ac..."
"A stunning and beautifully upgrade three DOUBLE bedroom semi detached family home located at the head of a cul-de-sac. Located in a desirable area within walking distance to Wythenshawe Park and Moor Road Metrolink station with access to Manchester Airport, the city centre and beyond. Great..."
"DETACHED PERIOD PROPERTY WITHIN THE CONSERVATION AREA! This property is sure to tick all the boxes, a DETACHED three bedroom property with off road parking, detached garage and and extended kitchen.Upon entering you'll be met with a open hallway with period features..."
"Bentley Hurst are proud to offer this oustanding two bedroom apartment for sale in, The Edge. EWS1 Form Available - Mortgage Buyers Welcome. A splendid two bedroom, two bathroom apartment situated on the 15th floor with gorgeous views of the River Irwell. Virtual Tour Available."
**CITY CENTRE LOCATION** ON-SITE GYM & POOL** INCREDIBLE SPECIFICATION** COMMUNAL LANDSCAPED GARDEN** UNIQUE CONTEMPORARY YET URBAN DESIGN** EXPOSED BRICK** GRADE II LISTED VIADUCT**
"New Cross Central is a development of 80 high quality new 1, 2 and 3 bedroom homes, with individual townhouses, one of a kind penthouses, and unique apartments on offer"
"This extremely unique and distinctive detached Victorian property has been tastefully modernised while retaining its original period features throughout. The property is conveniently located in close proximity to bars, restaurants, local schools and motorway links. The ground floor comprises an e..."
"Are you looking for a RARE property with a WOW FACTOR? This EXTENDED, modern and IMMACULATE, freehold property is finished to a HIGH STANDARD THROUGHOUT and sits on a large plot, boasting an amazing 2233sqft of living space. The stylish property benefits from an INDIAN LIMESTONE paved OUTDOOR ..."
"VR 360 TOUR AVAILABLE Looking for the perfect family home in Prestwich M25? Look no further than this stunning extended 4 bedroom detached property, located on a quiet cul de sac just moments away from the beautiful Heaton Park and a range of local amenities with easy access to M60 and M..."
"Welcome to Macintosh Mills... A quirky three bedroom apartment spreading over an impressive 1000 sqft of accommodation oozing original period features, exposed brick and immaculately presented ready for its new owners. Come inside and take a look! "
Genesis City are proud to present this newly built 2 bedroom apartment in central Manchester 
Normie Estate Agents are pleased to bring to market this three bedroom terraced home on one Prestwich's most sought after streets.
Normie Estate Agents are pleased to bring to market this five bedroom semi-detached home which has been renovated and extended.
"Simply stunning! This beautiful four bedroom, three bathroom property constructed in 2021 offers immaculately presented spacious accommodation over three floors. Built by JC Brennan Developments renowned builders to a high specification with every attention to detail paid to create a superb home...."
" Northwood Sales & Lettings are delighted to offer for sale this extended detached family home situated in Worsley. This spacious property comprises entrance hallway, three reception rooms, kitchen/diner, utility room, downstairs WC, three bedrooms, family bathroom and fitted loft space. ..."
"Four Bedroom Family Home, located in the Heart of Worsley Village. Offering Well Presented Accommodation Set Over Three Floors, complete with Modern Kitchen/Diner, Lounge, Four Bedrooms, Two En-Suites and a Family Bathroom, complete with well maintained gardens and two allocated car parking spaces."
"Normie are delighted to bring to market this ""Chain Free"" fantastic three bed with a loft room bungalow."
"A larger style extended 1930s semi-detached house enjoying an enviable corner position and situated in a sought-after residential area on the borders of Heaton Moor. The accommodation is well appointed with numerous pleasing character features, including, bay windows, ceiling cornice, picture rai..."
"A rare opportunity, on the market for the first time in 50 years. A four bedroomed unusually spacious family home, situated on a great plot with potential to extend to the side, rear and loft of this period property. Detached garage with access to rear.
So much potential. Block viewing"
"+++HMO INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY+++ 6 Bedroom, 4 Storey HMO property for sale in the heart of Rusholme."
"***PART EXCHANGE CONSIDERED*** A SUBSTANTIAL, EXTENDED period property that benefits from FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, TWO BATHROOMS, a SHOWER ROOM, a CELLAR, a driveway providing plenty of off-road parking and a 38FT GARAGE. This property must be seen to fully appreciate its size..."
"* STUNNING PERIOD PROPERTY * LOTS OF CHARACTER * Spread over 3 floors, and offering an ABUNDANCE OF SPACE, this FABULOUS FAMILY HOME features 4 GENROUS BEDROOMS a large landing, and family bathroom to the first floor, whilst the ground floor comprises of an entrance hallway, 2 RECEPTION ROOMS, an..."
Briscombe are Delighted To Offer Sale this Well Presented Four Bedroom Semi-Detached Family Home located in a cul-de-sac in the Heart of Worsley Village.
Normie are delighted to bring to market this five bedroom semi- detached house that has been extended to provide a most spacious of living spaces.
"This incredible skyscraper has a range of 1,2 and 3 bedroom apartments that are changing Manchester's residential market. Offering modern facilities in a fantastic city-centre location, investors have the opportunity to acquire a buy to let investment opportunity with only a 25% deposit required...."
"An exceptionally spacious and versatile executive detached home at the head of a quiet cul-de-sac, boasting FIVE BEDROOMS over approx 1500sqft of living space perfect for upsizing families. Boasting a near self contained living space to the ground floor with it's own three piece bathroom, the pro..."
"Investor Exclusive: Invest in luxury buy to let properties in Manchester from £174,995. Located in a popular residential area of central Manchester, you can earn high rental income alongside capital growth for a healthy return on your investment. A1110"
"Wow! This BEAUTIFUL, well presented, bright, FREEHOLD property boasts 1387 sqft (approx) of living space and sits on a LARGE PLOT which has previously had planning permission for a single storey side extension. It is offered for sale with NO ONWARD VENDOR CHAIN. The property benefits from an E..."
"Situated on arguably the best road in Didsbury nestled in the leafy Blackburn Park conservation area this stunning duplex apartment offers stylish and spacious accommodation over two floors. Boasting an array of attractive period features combined with modern comforts, it's own private entran..."
"This superb detached property offers a lot more than the traditional substantial family home. Uniquely it has a good sized self contained swimming pool complete with changing rooms which currently produces a good income as a swim school and private pool. In our opinion with the pool, the size an..."
This stunning family home is situated on the sought after Taylor Wimpey Kings Grange estate in Audenshaw built in 2018. Close to a wealth of local amenities and excellent transport links. The property is in catchment for local reputable schools making it the perfect choice for families.
"Luxury Manchester property with experienced management and 6% yields. A desirable location, huge potential growth and below-market prices make this a perfect buy to let opportunity. A165"
"A deceptively spacious extended THREE BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY offering versatile and light family accommodation throughout. This delightful property is located only a minutes walk from all local amenities and the metro, providing fast access to the city centre, Chorlton Village and the airport ..."
"Bridgfords are delighted to bring to the market this seven bedroom detached family home in Reddish. Situated in a sought after residential area, this property is surrounded by a range of local amenities. This includes, but is not restricted to a thorough transport system including easy access to ..."
"An excellent opportunity to acquire this lovely and extended family home in this favoured, quiet residential location. Being just a short walk from a mainline station, close to Fog Lane Park and within easy reach of Didsbury village, this location ticks a lot of boxes. Boasting 3 great sized be..."
"---- 3D FLOORPLANS & VIRTUAL TOUR ---- Home Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this corner position located three bedroom semi detached property offering fantastic family sized accommodation with extensive parking, good sized gardens and is ideally positioned in the quiet and popular are..."
"*CALLING INVESTORS - TENANTED UNTIL DECEMBER 2023* ONE OF THE LARGER APARTMENTS - A luxurious and brand new, two bedroom, two bathroom apartment in the highly sought after Victoria Residence, Silvercroft Street. Boasting upcoming access to communal facilities including co-working..."
"Luxury 1 and 2-bedroom apartments in Deansgate, Manchester city centre. Invest from £174,995. A515"
SUPERBLY SIZED HOUSE IN A FANTSTIC LOCATION  A significantly extended semi detached family residence occupying a larger than average corner plot positioned in...
"A spectacular Four-bedroom detached home tucked away in a quiet location! Available in no chain and finished to a high standard throughout, viewings are highly recommended!"
"A stylish and beautifully presented two bedroom executive apartment situated in the highly sought after 'Green Walk' development by PJ Livesey only moments from West Didsbury. Two double bedrooms, two modern bathrooms, impressive open-plan living/dining room, stunning kitchen with integra..."
**EXECUTIVE FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED**SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT**LOCATED WITHIN CLOSE DISTANCE TO TRANSPORT LINKS AND SCHOOLS**WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT**OFF ROAD PARKING**SPACIOUS LOUNGE**DINING/KITCHEN**MODERN FITTED KITCHEN**EN SUITE TO MASTER**GARAGE**ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN** Alex Jones Estate Agen...
"6% Rental Returns: Luxurious Greater Manchester one, two and three-bedroom apartments, townhouses and duplex units starting from £275,000. A lucrative buy to let residential investment opportunity in a thriving northern city. A80"
You won't find deals like these ones in the area; our prices are 34% below local comparable prices! Request a free virtual tour today! A211
"**STUNNING THROUGHOUT**DETACHED** Downstairs the property comprises of two separate reception rooms, Utility room, and a great size L-shaped kitchen/ dining with French doors leading onto the garden. The upstairs benefits from 3 substantial bedrooms with an en-suite to the main, and on..."
"An attractive 4-bed property that is 1 of 16 townhouses, built around a well maintained courtyard, within a short walk of bus and tram links into the city centre. The property benefits from allocated owner parking and a number of visitor spaces, set within a secure gated development. In outline:-..."
"Delightful three bedroom traditional semi detached property recently renovated throughout to provide the perfect blend of original features combined with modern style. Situated in this highly desirable location in Chorlton, close to all local amenities including excellent schools and with great ..."
"TWO PLOTS REMAINING PRICE START FROM £450,000 PART-EXCHANGE AVAILABLE! INCENTIVES AVAILABLE Exclusive development of just four, detached four bedroom family homes. The properties have been finished to a superb standard and include; Contemporary quality fully..."
"This stunning new development will give residents an unrivalled living standard. comprised of 1, 2, and penthouse apartments. Residents will benefit from its best-in-class amenities, which include a Private lounge, cinema room, state-of-the-art gymnasium, yoga studios, and swimming pool. "
Situated on MONTON HIGH STREET is this FABULOUS DOUBLE FRONTED FAMILY HOME & SHOP! The property is currently split into a SHOP FRONT and a FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME making this the ideal home and business opportunity in the vibrant Monton village.
"****EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT OF 4 DETACHED FAMILY PROPERTIES****PRICES FROM £450,000****HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION**** BUILT TO A HIGH SPECIFICATION****IDEAL FOR FAMILY**** We are delighted to bring to the market Medlock Gardens, an exclusive development of 4, detached spacious family homes, situa..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this stunning two double bedroom corner aspect apartment situated on the 6th floor of The Edge in a highly sought-after location on the outskirts of Manchester City Centre. As well as being sold with no onward chain, this close to 1,200 sq ft pro..."
Salford Apartments with 6% rental returns 900m from Spinningfields business district. A621
"A Simply Stunning, Contemporary Town House Located On The Prestigious Boatyard Development In Worsley Village! This immaculate home is set over three floors, having an enviable position on the Highly Desirable Old Boatyard Lane In Worsley a private road which is a moments stroll from the pictures..."
Manchester riverside apartments in a prime city centre location. Generate 6% rental returns and high growth with this buy to let investment. A162
You won't find deals like these ones in the area; our prices are 34% below local comparable prices! Request a free virtual tour today! A210
"Salford Quays Waterfront Apartments: Developed in collaboration with a local award-winning development company, with a strong portfolio in residential property, these apartments will offer 6% rental returns. B100"
"EXCELLENT OPPORTUNITY to purchase a GROUND FLOOR 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT in a gated development situated in a highly sought-after location close to local amenities, transport links to the city centre and beyond and within easy reach of Manchester universities and hospitals. The accommodat..."
Buy to let residential investments with high capital growth in Central Manchester. 6% returns. A514
"Salford Quays Waterfront Apartments: Developed in collaboration with a local award-winning development company, with a strong portfolio in residential property, these apartments will offer 6% rental returns. A101"
You won't find deals like these ones in the area; our prices are 34% below local comparable prices! Request a free virtual tour today! A232
"Investor Exclusive: Invest in luxury buy to let properties in Manchester from £174,995. Located in a popular residential area of central Manchester, you can earn high rental income alongside capital growth for a healthy return on your investment. B1126"
"Invest from £174,995 in below market value apartments in Greater Manchester. 6% returns projected.A620"
"A well presented and spacious three bedroom semi detached property situated in the popular Chorlton Green. Two generous reception rooms with the dining room benefiting from a bay fronted window, modern fitted kitchen, two good sized double bedrooms and a contemporary bathroom suite. The property..."
"Converted from a period semi-detached into three, fully contained apartments, each with tenants and ongoing income. 14 Burlington Road is set in a prime M20 location. With easy access to and from Withington, Didsbury, as well the city centre and award-winning local amenities. Boasting four floor..."
DEPOSIT BOOST ON THIS HOME - Stunning 3 bedroom townhouse with outdoor roof terrace and garden just a few minutes from the city centre of Manchester. GATED PARKING.
"This simply stunning extended semi detached property offers a truly amazing lifestyle opportunity for any family. The residence offers an abundance of space throughout, featuring an impressive entrance hall with feature staircase and lift to 1st floor, good size office/second living room, superb..."
"A recently renovated six bedroom semi detached property. From the outside this property has beautiful period features, internally the property has been fully updated and benefits from a new roof, full re-plastering throughout, additional insulation and a specialist ventilation system. Internally ..."
"A MUST SEE HOME! Proud to present an outstanding 4 bedroom semi detached home to the open market. Property comprises of, lounge, kitchen, conservatory, downstairs WC, separate annexe which has a living room, bedroom with En-suite, Delightful rear garden with summer house which has a hot tub enclo..."
"A SPACIOUS home in Manchester, ideal for INVESTORS or DEVELOPERS. Call to enquire! Bettermove are proud to present this 6 bedroom semi-detached house in Manchester. The property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating throughout and has off street parking avai..."
"MILWAIN ROAD ALERT! This impressive 4 bedroom period semi has been taken back to brick in its renovation, going as far as to have a new roof, all being brought to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN A large entrance hall, a spacious bay fronted living room and lar..."
"At the forefront of the Victoria Riverside development and rising at 37 storeys, Crown View is the tallest of the three towers offering undisturbed views of the Manchester skyline."
"Rarely Does A Property Like This Come To The Market With No Chain! Currently a work in progress this superb family home has undergone a simply stunning full refurbishment and has been tastefully and stylishly renovated and restored. A fantastic family home with its superb layout, offers an abunda..."
"Brand new completed apartments in prime location. The luxury apartments at this development are perfect for investors and owner occupiers alike, offering unrivalled city living in the largest green space in Manchester city centre. This development is completed and ready for ..."
TRADING PLACES are pleased to have available this substantial three bedroom semi-detached family home. The property is located on a pleasant tree-lined road within a popular area and is conveniently placed for both Chorlton village and the City Centre. The accommodation comprises of an ...
"A beautifully presented FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM MODERN TOWNHOUSE, located on a quiet treelined road in Whalley Range. This splendid property, boasting both OFF ROAD PARKING and a SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN, is offered for sale in MOVE-IN READY CONDITION, having been tastefully updated and decorated by ..."
"WATERHOUSE ESTATE AGENTS present this THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM APARTMENT IN THE POPULAR DEVELOPMENT OF THE QUADRANGLE. EWS1 ready - CHAIN FREE - RENTAL POTENTIAL £2,600.00PCM "
"DiscountedManchester Buy to Lets: These discounted Manchester apartments offer a completed investment opportunity just 220m from Manchester Oxford Road station in the city centre. Invest in luxurious city apartments for just £174,995! B455"
"*** LUXURY LIVING - NEW BULID APARTMENTS in LEAFY SALFORD *** *** 5% DISCOUNT APPLIES UPTO 31ST DECEMBER 2022 *** COMPLETION BY MARCH 2023 *** Martin and Co along with Dream homes construction are proud to introduce six New Luxury Apartments currently under construction, in this affluent area ..."
"**Making your dream home a reality with Philip Ellis Estate Agents** Philip Ellis estate agents are delighted to present this large extended family home, located in the heart of the local community within Prestwich. This extremely high standard four bedroom modern semi-detached property o..."
"Harratts Property Services are pleased to present this fabulous, extended, four-bedroom detached property in a quiet cul-de-sac situated in the heart of South Reddish. This is a perfect opportunity for a growing family or investment purposes. The property is close to the ever popular Reddish Vale..."
"EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM HOME!! Take a look at this superb family home which benefits from a SPACIOUS OPEN-PLAN LIVING SPACE, OFF-ROAD PARKING, EN-SUITE TO THE MASTER BEDROOM and a CONSERVATORY!"
Well Presented and Extended Detached. Four bedrooms. Recently Refitted Quality Kitchen. Main Family Bathroom. En-suite and Cloakroom. Open Plan Lounge/Dining Room. Conservatory. Quality Flooring Throughout. Large Enclosed Rear Garden. Detached Workshop
"Luxurious duplex two bedroom apartment with parking included, in the highly acclaimed Leftbank development."
"Don't miss out on this stunning collection of 1,2 & 3 bedroom apartments located in the heart of Manchester these apartments are comprised of high-end appliances, floor to ceiling windows and built-in wardrobes. "
"***NO CHAIN*** Situated on a highly regarded tree lined road in CHORLTON GREEN, a splendid and traditional bay fronted THREE BEDROOM PERIOD TERRACED PROPERTY, boasting two spacious reception rooms, both with UNDERFLOOR HEATING and a SOUTHERLY FACING REAR COURTYARD GARDEN. This delightful property..."
"SUPERB INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY Currently let until June 2023 at £1650 PCM. A great opportunity to purchase a 49th floor apartment in the renwowned Deansgate Square development by Renaker. Comprising of entrance hallway, spacious livign area and fitted kitch..."
"We work with national and global property investors, offering some of the very best investment property for sale in the UK, as well as consulting on their current buy to let portfolios and property investments."
**VIEW HOME NOW AVAILABLE TO RESERVE** Family Homes | Stunning Modern Development | High Quality Build | Ten Year Global Warranty | High End Kitchen Appliances | 4 Bedrooms | Large Glass Windows | Off Street Parking | Garden | Views of the Golf Course
THIS PLOT IS NOW RESERVED. The Fairway Views is a stylish new build development consisiting of 4 bedroom mews properties all of which offer parking and a garden. The detail that has gone into these homes cannot be missed. The location of the site gives views of the Brookdale Golf Club...
PLOTS AVAILABLE TO RESERVE NOW. The Fairway Views is a stylish new build development consisiting of 4 bedroom mews properties all of which offer parking and a garden. The detail that has gone into these homes cannot be missed. The location of the site gives views of the Brookdale Golf ...
"An opportunity to purchase a spacious four bedroom detached home in Heaton Chapel. This impressive home is sure to be popular. It requires some modernisation, but offers huge potential and a wealth of period features. The accommodation comprises of; entrance hallway, lounge, separate dining room,..."
"Advertised for £140 pppw from 1st July 2023 to 30th June 2024, expected gross income of £41,860.00. Current tenancy runs to the 30th of June with a gross income of £33,487.89. To..."
"**STUNNING NEW HOMES** ULTRA-MODERN INTERIOR** INCREDIBLY DESIRABLE LOCATION** UNIQUE ARCHITECTURAL DESIGNS** PERFECT FAMILY HOME** COMPLETING THIS YEAR** REPUTABLE DEVELOPER**
"
"*£12,000 PAID TOWARDS YOUR MORTGAGE* Part Exchange Available!  GREEN MORTGAGE ELIGIBLE (SELECTED LENDERS) PRIVATE GATED COMMUNITY FREEHOLD  EN-SUITE TO MAIN BEDROOM  The Ashley Max boasts beautiful 3 ..."
"Enjoy luxury communal facilities, including coworking space, lounge, a private dining room and 44th floor swimming pool and gym. 8th floor corner unit with Castle Wharf views."
"A new, exclusive boutique development of only 14 luxurious 1 & 2 bed apartments. This spacious 3 bedroom apartment is circa 920 square foot and now available to buy. The development totals 14 luxurious apartments which have been created within the upper floors of three adjoining histori..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** An attractive & well-kept, THREE BEDROOMED, bay fronted, period, semi-detached property situated in a highly popular residential location here in Whalley Range off College Road. Within walking distance to fantastic transport links on Upper Chorlton Road, giving you direc..."
"A very warm welcome to Birkdale Road, occupying a generous sized PLOT in a most desirable location of SOUTH REDDISH is this rare opportunity to purchase a fabulous three bedroom DETACHED family home offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN. "
"This quirky and characterful three bedroomed end terraced property is deceptively spacious and ideally located within Prestwich village also having the priceless prestige of being next door to the synagogue. The accommodation is well presented and briefly comprises entrance hall, lounge, dining r..."
"Normie Estate Agents are happy to bring to the market this detached three bedroom house located within easy access of local shops, transport links, schools and place of worship."
"A wonderfully positioned end terraced property in the hugely desirable Didsbury Gate development. Surrounded by stunning communal grounds with secure gated access, and just a short stroll from the ever popular Burton Road and the Metrolink, this location is hard to beat. Well presented througho..."
"*MORTGAGE BUYERS INVITED* Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale THE ORIGINAL SHOW APARTMENT on the 7th floor of Leftbank in the heart of Spinningfields. The apartment is one of the larger styles and boats unrestricted river views from two balconies, speaker system built in, walk in wa..."
**INCREDIBLE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY **STUNNING HOMES** HIGH RENTAL YIELDS** ULTRA-MODERN INTERIOR** INCREDIBLE LOCATION** UNIQUE ARCHITECTURAL DESIGNS** COMPLETING THIS YEAR** REPUTABLE DEVELOPER** 
"Clive Anthony are pleased to offer for sale this spacious, four bedroom, extended detached family being well positioned on a quiet cul-de-sac yet con..."
"***HOT HOT HOT*** ***Only ONE plot remaning!*** Bridgford’s, in conjunction with Branley Homes are proud to present Moorcroft Gardens, an exclusive development of 8, four-bedroom contemporary townhouses situated in a quiet residential area within walking distance of lo..."
"Hunters Worsley are delighted to market this three bedroom semi-detached property with OFF ROAD PARKING, and offered as NO CHAIN & FREEHOLD! Located in MONTON VILLAGE this property is excellent choice for families looking for DESIRABLE SCHOOLS, LEAFY WALKS & great TRANSPORT LINKS INTO MANCHESTER ..."
"Discover spacious, stylish living in this semi-detached home on Norwich Road in Stretford. Recently refurbished and improved with a large two storey extension, this property is decorated throughout to provide bright and spacious accommodation ideal for any growing family. Upon entering the pro..."
"A stylish penthouse apartment situated in the exclusive Philip Godlee Lodge development, moments from Didsbury village, boasting superb internal space with immaculate presentation. Two double bedrooms, two bathrooms including an en suite to the master bedroom, open-plan living/dining kitchen with..."
"A simply stunning family home which in recent years was subjected to a back to brick re-development and clever re-model to create a stylish, very high specification property, bound to appeal to the most discerning of purchasers. With a fantastic and spacious kitchen/ dining/ family space on the ..."
"Brand new corner apartment on the 21st floor. Completed August 2022, Novella combines striking design and quality with first-class amenities, including 24 hour concierge, communal lounges, gym and wellness suite, private dining area, work spaces, bike store and 6th floor podium roof garden with s..."
"A superb semi-detached family home in one of the most desirable areas of Prestwich. The property is a short walk to the village centre and is extremely convenient for everything that Prestwich has to offer: - The village centre with its increasingly eclectic mix of bars, cafes and restaurants..."
"A LOVELY TWO BED APARTMENT ON 14TH FLOOR OF THE LUXERY DEVELOPMENT OF OXYGEN TOWER. This property benefits from an open plan kitchen/living area with a full length balcony, 2 double bedrooms, one with an en-suit and a family bathroom. "
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A spacious THREE BEDROOM & a useful loft room, bay-fronted, period, end of terraced property. Situated on a highly popular tree lined Road, off Barlow Moor Road here in Chorlton. Within walking distance to the cafe society on Beech Road, Chorlton Park, Chorlton Park prima..."
"Check out this stunning semi-detached townhouse that has just hit the market. Set over three floors and features five bedrooms, a lounge, an open-plan kitchen/diner, integral garage, two bathrooms, and a ground floor WC. Outside benefits from off-road parking to the front and a private rear garden."
"*** NO CHAIN *** Situated just a mere few minutes walk from Chorlton Village and Longford Park, a well presented bay fronted THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM 1930s SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY located on a quiet residential road just off Kensington Road. This delightful property benefits from both OFF ROAD PARKING..."
"A 1950’s four bedroom semi detached family home that has been EXTENDED to the rear, a convenient LOFT CONVERSION with ENSUITE creating the ideal space for growing family. The property is ideally located just a few minutes walk from Heaton Moor Village, a range of local schools and transport..."
"Luxury 1 and 2-bedroom apartments in Deansgate, Manchester city centre. Invest from £174,995. B552"
"Completed 1 and 2-bed apartments in Manchester with modern integrated appliances and located in a high demand area of the city. Prices from £200,000. A401"
"Stunning new build development located in Manchester City Centre, consisting of 2 and 3 bedroom spacious apartments. This cutting edge development located a short 5 minute walk from Victoria Station and Manchester's iconic Northern Quarter, making it the perfect home for professionals"
Attract high demand and generate 6% rental returns with this Manchester city centre investment. Luxury apartments in one of Manchester's most fashionable districts. A157
"This very well presented one bedroom apartment, located at the stunning Bridgewater Point, is ideal for investors and home owners alike. Situated on the fifth floor, this wonderful apartment is well proportioned with a spacious entrance hall, giving access to an open plan living/dining area wh..."
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FOUR BED DETACHED PROPERTY LOCATED ON A HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT *** IDEAL FPROPERTY FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS, YOUNG PROFESSIONALS, FAMILIES & BUY TO LET LANDLORDS LOOKING FOR A GOOD RETURN *** EASY ACCESS TO MANCHESTER CITY CENTRE *** EARLY & INTERNAL VIEWING IS H..."
** FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACH *** RECENTLY RENOVATED *** SIDE & REAR EXTENDED *** GAS CENTRAL HEATING *** FRONT DRIVEWAY *** LARGE GARDEN *** DOUBLE GLAZING *** OFF MAIN KINGSWAY *** CLOSE TO ALL AMENITIES *** CENTRALLY LOCATED TO SCHOOLS *** EASY ACCESS TO TRANSPORTATION LINKS *** NO ONWARD CHAIN **
"Looking for a high a high spec property in the heart of the City? - Look no further Located on the 17th floor this superb 776sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high finish kitchen with integrated appliances, two double ..."
"A beautifully presented traditional bay fronted THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM PERIOD MID TERRACE, offering spacious and light family accommodation throughout. This delightful property boasts a lawned WEST FACING REAR COURTYARD GARDEN and benefits from a prime village centre location being only a few minut..."
"Receive an info pack today for Manchester city centre apartments starting from £174,995. A513"
"Trading Places (Sale) is delighted to present to the sales market this beautifully presented **THREE BEDROOM DETACHED** family home to the sales market. Situated on a popular modern development boasting a larger-than-average corner plot and a double driveway, and only a moment away from the Me..."
"Three bedroom link detached property with garage, situated in this much sought after location of Chorlton close to all local amenities including excellent schools. This fantastic property offers well proportioned accommodation comprising of a welcoming entrance porch, which opens to the dining a..."
Clive Anthony are delighted to offer for sale this spacious three bedroom semi detached home which is located in the most desirable part of Prestwich...
"Luxury Residential Apartments: Invest in Manchester's latest off plan property with luxury facilities including a rooftop garden, coffee bar and gym. Prices start from £174,995 with full management provided. A1127"
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A well-kept, THREE BEDROOMED, bay fronted traditional semi-detached property, situated on a highly popular cul-de-sac here in Chorlton, off Hewlett Road. Within walking distance to the centre of Chorlton with all its independent shops, bars and several good primary schoo..."
"Extended, semi detached home in a great location, being a short walk from the centre of Chorlton and Metro Station. 3 bedrooms and bathroom to the 1st floor. The full width rear extension provides lots of space to the ground floor. Lovely, well maintained gardens to the front and rear. "
"Simply stunning! This spacious sub-penthouse apartment has been designed to exploit the stunning views across historic Ancoats all the way to the city limits and Pennines beyond. Immaculately presented throughout, the living area and main bedroom feature full-height corner windows creating a ligh..."
"Fantastic three bedroom semi-detached property in the much sought after location of Chorlton, close to all local amenities including excellent schools and with great access to transport links, this property is ideally situated. Briefly comprising a welcoming hallway, lounge, dining roo..."
"Request Free Info Pack Today! These ultra-modern apartments offer a high rental yield of 6%, meaning you could be earning a projected rental income starting from £10,797.A225"
"Completed residential investment opportunity for buy to let or buy to live purposes. Prices start from £174,995. B645"
"**WATCH THE WALK-THROUGH VIDEO TOUR** **NO ONWARD CHAIN** A BEAUTIFULLY REFURBISHED and THOUGHTFULLY EXTENDED three bed semi detached property situated in a CONVENIENT LOCATION close to train and tram links on the EAST DIDSURY/HEATON MERSEY BORDER, just a short distance from DIDSBURY VILLAGE. APP..."
Extended Semi Detached Property. Four Good Sized Bedrooms. Close to Metro Link Station. Modern Four Piece Bathroom. Spacious Dining Kitchen. Family Room/Sitting Room and Separate Lounge. Downstairs Cloak Room. Detached Garage/Store. Enclosed Southerly Facing Rear Garden. NO VENDOR CHAIN.
"** Guide price of £425,000 to £450,000 ** Occupying a generous plot and providing a stunning 'move-in ready' finish this delightful four-bedroom semi-detached family home must be viewed to be fully appreciated. Internally the property is bright, spacious and in brief compri..."
Wow....Do Not Miss This! A truly outstanding detached property which has been elegantly extended to create a very spacious family home. This stunning traditional home is a one-off and must be viewed internally to fully appreciate the impeccable standard of its quality finish. The Chase is a cosy ...
"RECENTLY REFURIBISHED - NO CHAIN Having recently undergone extensive refurbishment, this three-bed, double story, side extended family home is now ready for its new owners. Complete with modern fittings, a new boiler and a HIVE heating system, this home is located on the popular Lynnwo..."
"BUY-TO-LET PROPERTY | RESIDENTIAL APARTMENTS: Northill Apartments stand central in Salford Quays, offering residents incredible views of the city and the development is placed in a convenient and walkable location to all the best amenities Salford has to offer."
"This unique property is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac. With its generous size and modernly decorated design, it benefits hugely from a newly fitted kitchen extension at the rear of the property. Located close to transport links."
Fully furnished Manchester apartments in a central location with 6% rental returns and strong potential growth. B315
"Completed residential investment opportunity for buy to let or buy to live purposes. Prices start from £174,995.A619"
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE**A light and spacious, bay fronted THREE BEDROOM, period, bay fronted mid terraced property situated on a highly popular cul-de-sac off Sandy Lane close by to Chorlton Park. This well-planned accommodation over three floors including the chamber cellars, is positioned withi..."
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THREE BED SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY WHICH IS EXTENDED TO THE SIDE AND CURRENTLY CONVERTED INTO A HAIR SALON BUT COULD HAVE MANY USES AS A HOME BASED BUSINESS - THE ANNEXE COMES WITH A SEPARATE TREATMENT ROOM AND TOILET *** IDEAL PROPERTY FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS, YOUNG PROFESSION..."
*** FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY ***IMMACULATE CONDITION*** MODERN KITCHEN *** GROUND FLOOR WC *** MASTER BEDROOM WITH EN-SUITE BATHROOM *** OFF ROAD PARKING *** ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN*** EASY ACCESS TO MANCHESTER CITY CENTRE *** CLOSE TO UNIVERSITY BUILDINGS & SCHOOLS ***
"Ideally Located Salford Investment Opportunity: Situated within an enviable part of Salford, where over £1 billion is being invested into regeneration projects, including MediaCityUK, this property development is not one to be missed. A100"
"EWS1 Available. Mortgage Buyers Welcome. A large TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT positioned on the 15TH FLOOR of an ICONIC DEVELOPMENT close to Manchester City Centre sat on the banks of the River Irwell. Finished to an incredibly HIGH SPECIFICATION THROUGHOUT, the property benefits ..."
"6% Rental Returns: Luxurious Greater Manchester one, two and three-bedroom apartments, townhouses and duplex units starting from £275,000. A lucrative buy to let residential investment opportunity in a thriving northern city.A99"
"Residential new build apartments in Manchester city centre from £174,995 with 6% rental returns. A512"
"Completed 1 and 2-bed apartments in Manchester with modern integrated appliances and located in a high demand area of the city. Prices from £200,000.A397"
"Luxury Residential Apartments: Invest in Manchester's latest off plan property with luxury facilities including a rooftop garden, coffee bar and gym. Prices start from £174,995 with full management provided. A1109"
"Completed Spacious Luxury Three Bedroom Unit Located in near Media City, Manchester. Perfect Opportunity for Owner Occupiers. Residents can Benefit from a Communal Area and Workspace."
"A luxury NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT, One Port Street has been designed to provide EXCLUSIVE facilities including a SWIMMING POOL, GYM, URBAN GARDEN, PRIVATE DINING AREA and ROOFTOP TERRACE while offering HIGH SPEC apartments offering CITY VIEWS."
**SOUGHT AFTER AREA** **CLOSE TO SALFORD ROYAL HOSPITAL** **NO VENDOR CHAIN** **STUNNING LANDSCAPED GARDENS** Stunning detached three bedroom bungalow with garage in a prime location. EPC GRADE E. COUNCIL TAX BAND C. 
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. A six double bedroom, three bathroom student property, currently rented with a 8.1% Gross yield. The property comprises six substantial bedrooms, spread over three floors and fully furnished with beds, desks and wardrobes, perfect for students! The kitchen is a ..."
"Looking For A Substantial Period Semi-Detached With Original Features? We think we have found it.... Sell Well are thrilled to be instructed with this beautiful Victorian, Semi Detached property which boasts an enviable position on Hazlehurst Road in Worsley. This impressive home oozes period sty..."
"A beautiful & contemporary three bedroom, three bathroom townhouse in the heart of Ancoats. This neighbourhood has become Manchester's most popular district, located next door to the Northern Quarter and surrounded by cool cafés, a wealth of independent restaurants and bars and scenic c..."
"TWO BED DUPLEX in a 200-year-old RESTORED MILL. Packed with original features: exposed brick, timber beams, huge windows and cast iron columns. Private south facing rooftop terrace, residents' garden with BBQs and fire pits. Minutes from Piccadilly Station, Ancoats and NQ. Pet friendly. No investors"
"City Centre apartments - Q3 2024 This development has elegant spacious apartments overlooking the stunning vistas of Deansgate, Spinningfields and Castlefield, delivers a new level of city centre living to Manchester. Marrying luxury living with unprecedented private on site amenities,..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** Rare to market, a spacious larger than average, THREE BEDROOM, bay fronted, traditional 1930's semi-detached property positioned on a highly desirable cul-de-sac in a leafy location off Whalley Road here in Whalley Range. The property is close to several primary schools, ..."
Mixed use investment property and business for sale: Situated in a popular and highly regarded residential location is this largely extended semi detached property which combines high quality living accommodation and a retail shop and business ...
"*** LUXURY LIVING - NEW BULID APARTMENTS in LEAFY SALFORD *** Martin and Co along with Dream homes construction are proud to introduce six New Luxury Apartments CURRENTLY UNDER CONSTRUCTION, in this affluent area of Salford, Greater Manchester. Situated on Upper Park Road. These incredible r..."
Rothmore Property are delighted to release a limited number of luxury apartments. This is beautiful high spec development where nothing has been overlooked with the finish of each apartment.
"The impressive DUAL ASPECT kitchen’s BI-FOLD DOORS, the sumptuous EN-SUITE principal bedroom, the informal family room and the charming JULIETTE BALCONY on the lounge, all combine to give this home a premium feel. There is also a delightful little TERRACE opening from the third bedroom."
"Stunning, fully renovated detached three bedroom family home close to Prestwich Village, with excellent finishes and new rear extension, detached garage and enclosed garden. Close to local amenities, good schools, the motorway network and public transport links."
Extended three bedroom family home on the sought-after cul-de-sac of Barnes Avenue in Heaton Moor offered to the market with a larger-than-average south-facing garden and within walking distance to the high street that will undoubtedly appeal to growing families. An internal inspection is certain...
**INCREDIBLE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY **STUNNING HOMES** HIGH RENTAL YIELDS** ULTRA-MODERN INTERIOR** INCREDIBLE LOCATION** UNIQUE ARCHITECTURAL DESIGNS** COMPLETING THIS YEAR** REPUTABLE DEVELOPER**
"NO VENDOR CHAIN! LOCATE ESTATE AGENT are delighted to bring to the market this unique three bedroom detached property "" The Coaching House"" on Gilpin Road in Urmston. Built in 1894 as the stable house to the local mill this attractive dwelling boasts spacious living accommodation throughout with ..."
*** FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** EN SUITE AND WALK IN WARDROOM *** POPULAR RESIDENTIAL AREA *** CELLAR *** STUNNING KITCHEN *** WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT *** LARGE REAR GARDEN *** OPPOSITE RYECROFT HALL AND CLOSE TO TRAM STOP *** CATCHMENT AREA FOR SEVERAL POPULAR SCHOOLS
"*BRAND NEW PENTHOUSE APARTMENT* Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale this stunning, BRAND NEW two/three bedroom top floor apartment in The Press, part of the NOMA development area. Beautifully preserved from its 18th-century origins, the former Cooperative Printing Room is a true Manche..."
Clive Anthony are delighted to offer for sale this detached family home which benefits from four bedrooms and spacious living accommodation. This home is situated on a sizeable plot in a cul de sac being convenient for local shops.
"This is one of the last remaining flats within the brand new development, Ancoats Gardens. Ancoats Gardens is an incredible opportunity for any investor looking to start or develop a property portfolio, or for owner-occupiers looking for a new home. It's located in one of the most des..."
*** Luxury Apartment / Two Double Bedrooms / Bathroom plus En-Suite / Balcony / Quartz Worktops / Bosch Integrated Appliances / Airsource Heat Pumps with Underfloor Heating / Bespoke Luxury Furniture / Exposed Concrete Walls and Ceilings / Co-Working Space / Large Commercial Sized Duplex Gym / Pr...
"EXCLUSIVE BRIDGFORDS CITY CENTRE OFFER ** FREE FURNITURE PACK WORTH UPTO£5k+** PENTHOUSE LEVEL. We’re delighted to introduce Ancoats Gardens, one of Manchester’s most anticipated residential development. Located in the popular Ancoats district, the development will feature..."
"Manchester New Square - 2 Bedroom Luxury Apartment in the heart of Manchester! Book an appointment to visit our showroom Linter 1106 today. This is a beautiful, dual-aspect showroom on the 11th floor of our linter building. With an open-plan living room, this apartment contains five, floor-t..."
**SPANNING OVER FOUR FLOORS** **FANTASTICALLY LOCATED** Are you and your family on the look out for a bigger property? Or an investor looking for a new opportunity? Well take a look at this five bed detached house with some traditional features and boasts plenty of space. EPC GRADE D. COUNCIL TAX...
"FINAL HOMES are now on sale - DON'T MISS OUT. A wall of BI-FOLD DOORS fold away to remove the barrier between the garden and the BEAUTIFULLY DESIGNED KITCHEN AND FAMILY ROOM. A magnificent, flexible environment that changes from intimate to party mode in seconds. BOTH OF THE SECOND FLOOR BEDROOMS..."
"STUNNING SOUTH FACING VIEWS from the 41st floor of the highly sought-after East Tower of the iconic DEANSGATE SQUARE development. Known as a new Manchester City centre landmark, Deansgate Square is the pinnacle of LUXURIOUS living. Complete with swimming pool, duplex gymnasium, terrace garden and..."
2 BED IN AMENITY FILLED LUXURY NEW DEVELOPMENT IN MANCHESTER
***PERIOD PROPERTY***FULL OF CHARACTER***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED***SPACIOUS ROOMS*** LARGE DRIVEWAY***SPACIOUS GARDENS***GARAGE***SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION*** UNDERFLOOR HEATING Cousins Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this UNIQUE THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY with an additional LOF...
"Normie Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this extended five bedroom semi-detached home which is located on the popular Beckley Avenue in the heart of Prestwich and offers scope to improve and add value and is well situated for local shops, public transport links and with easy access i..."
"**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** **MANCHESTER'S MOST PRESTIGIOUS DEVELOPMENT** 2 BEDROOM APARTMENTS AVAILABLE** 5* LUXURY FACILITIES** DISCOUNTS AND INCENTIVES AVAILABLE** Luxury Ancoats Two and Three Bedroom Apartments with State-Of-The-Art Facilities, including residents spa, work-space and gymnasium..."
"*** FOUR BED SEMI *** TWO BATHROOMS *** LARGE DRIVEWAY & REAR GARDEN *** QUIET, CENTRAL LOCATION IN STOCKPORT *** SHOPS & AMENITIES NEARBY *** DOUBLE GLAZING *** GAS CENTRAL HEATED *** CENTRALLY LOCATED TO SCHOOLS *** EXCELLENT TRANSPORT NETWROK *** NO CHAIN ***"
"**ONE OF THE LARGEST PLOTS IN THE HEART OF MONTON VILLAGE** A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM VICTORIAN SEMI-DETACHED, WITH A LOFT ROOM THAT COULD BE USED FOR A HOME OFFICE. POSITIONED ON A LARGE CORNER PLOT WITH OFF-ROAD PARKING AND AN OUTHOUSE FOR EXTRA STORAGE."
"AN IMPRESSIVE THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME Having been presented and maintained beautifully throughout with spacious rooms, modern fixtures and fittings and impressive wrap around gardens, this enviable three bedroom semi detached property is being proudly welcomed to the market in..."
"***A new level of luxury has arrived in the heart of Manchester, brings first-class living experiences.*** Stands at 32 stories tall and will consist of 477 premium one, two and three-bedroom residential apartments and the edgeless design will offer unparalleled views of the city centre ..."
"*** LUXURY LIVING - NEW BULID APARTMENTS in LEAFY SALFORD *** *** COMPLETION BY MARCH 2023 *** Martin and Co along with Dream homes construction are proud to introduce six New Luxury Apartments currently under construction, in this affluent area of Salford, Greater Manchester. Situated on Upp..."
"The generously proportioned kitchen incorporates FRENCH DOORS that introduce garden access, as well as a focal point, to the dining area. A fourth bedroom adds FLEXIBILITY, and the DUAL ASPECT EN-SUITE principal bedroom, with its DORMER WINDOW and walk-in DRESSING AREA, has a special charm."
"**PRIME LOCATION** WALKING DISTANCE TO MANCHESTER'S BIGGEST TRAIN STATION** HIGH SPECIFICATION** RESIDENT GYM** TOP QUALITY AMENITIES** GREAT ACCESS TO CENTRAL HOTSPOTS** NEXT TO FUTURE SITE OF HS2 STATION**
"
"STUNNING NEW Development is located in the heart of Manchester. This 40 story tower comprising of 1 & 2 bedroom apartments, which will benefit from their hotel-style amenities. "
"Luxury townhouse offering generous accommodation over three floors, roof terrace, garden and allocated parking space. Located just off Chapel Street within walking distance of Manchester city centre and Spinningfields. Beautifully presented and finished to a high standard throughout, this is..."
"New Cross Central is a development of 80 high quality new 1, 2 and 3 bedroom homes, with individual townhouses, one of a kind penthouses, and unique apartments."
"Brand new, corner 2 bedroom apartment on the 21st floor with city centre views . Novella combines striking design and quality with first-class amenities, including 24 hour concierge, communal lounges, gym and wellness suite, private dining area, work spaces, bike store and 6th floor podium roof g..."
"Off plan investment opportunity For Investment Purposes Only - 25% Deposit Required Boasting high quality finishes and on-site amenities, this development has been designed with the resident in mind to deliver an unmatched quality of living. Located a stones throw..."
"A striking new feature on the city's skyline, Vision is Manchester's most prestigious new luxury development and comprises 37 stories of prime residential apartments in the very heart of the city centre."
"* A FANTASTIC FAMILY HOME * Ideally located on the HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER AGECROFT HALL development, this BEAUTIFUL PROPERTY features 4 GENEROUS BEDROOMS, a family bathroom, and EN-SUITE to the first floor, whilst the SPACIOUS GROUND FLOOR comprises of an entrance hallway, W.C, lounge, CONSERVATORY,..."
" *OCCUPYING A FANTASTIC LOCATION WITH A FRONTAL ASPECT TOWARDS VICTORIA PARK* Conveniently situated for local amenities including shops, schools, public transport etc. An older style four bedroom semi-detached property. Gas central heating system-combination boiler. Two separate reception rooms,..."
FABULOUS FAMILY HOME * PERIOD FEATURES THROUGHOUT * SPREAD OVER FOUR FLOORS * FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS * TWO RECEPTION ROOMS * TWO CHAMBER CELLAR * GATED...
"*** Stunning Modern three Storey End Town House With Superb Versatile Living Space, Private Landscaped Gardens, Allocated Gated Parking And Situated within a Much Sought After Residential Location on the Outskirts of Manchester City Centre *** Located within a popular and highly conv..."
"BENTLEY HURST are delighted to present this luxurious two bedroom apartment on the 29th floor, located in Deansgate Square on Crown Street which forms part of the Great Jackson Street masterplan."
"Magnificent four bedroom period property offering over 2240 square feet of well presented and well proportioned accommodation. This garden fronted mid terraced property boasts a welcoming hallway, two open plan reception rooms with bay window to the front to allow plenty of natural lighting and ..."
Reeds Rains are excited to showcase this stunning bay-fronted semi-detached property that has been impeccably extended and modernized to offer luxurious living for families. EPC GRADE =C
"Rare-to-the-market and extremely spacious four bedroom semi-detached home on Horace Grove, Heaton Norris, offered to the market with a substantial double-storey extension to the side and an extremely generous interior that will be undoubtedly attractive to growing families seeking ‘turn-key..."
"PARK FACING - HIGH FLOOR - STUNNING VIEWSMeadowSide is an interesting mix of apartments, townhouses and penthouses. Real life living, in the city and on the edge of the park. Where all the best bits live side-by-side"
"Benefiting from TWO PARKING SPACES, SUN-DRENCHED REAR GARDEN and a MODERN FITTED KITCHEN! Located a short walk to MOOR ROAD TRAM STOP and also close to motorway links (M56), Wythenshawe Hospital, Wythenshawe Park and other local amenities. This would be perfect for first time buyers and families ..."
*** POTENTIAL HIGH INCOME PROPERTY ** FIVE AIR BNB ROOMS ** TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT ** GARDENS AND PARKING *** Sanderson James are pleased to offer for sale this unique Gorton property. The property is spread over three floors. The ground floor is a self contained two bedroom apartment. The top t...
"A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED AND EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME, located directly inbetween sought after villages of DIDSBURY and HEATON MOOR and the open green spaces of Didsbury Park and Heaton Mersey Valley, including the Metrolink station, Train station and Parrs Wood entertainme..."
"Tyron Ash Real Estate are proud to present this two bedroom apartment in this fantastic development located in Ancoats, which is regarded by The Times as one of the coolest places to live in the U.K. Read the ad to find out more!"
"* 20TH FLOOR - COMPLETED - 2 BEDROOM - AIRCONDITIONING*MeadowSide is an interesting mix of apartments, townhouses and penthouses. Real life living, in the city and on the edge of the park. Where all the best bits live side-by-side."
"A 2 bedroom apartment which offers a fully fitted open-plan kitchen, living and dining area, a luxury bathroom, and hallway storage. The Master Bedroom also features a built-in wardrobe.This prestigious development offers a concierge, residents lounge and swimming poo"
Manchester riverside apartments in a prime city centre location. Generate 6% rental returns and high growth with this buy to let investment. B159
"EXTENDED FAMILY HOME! HOME ESTATE AGENTS are thrilled to offer for sale this extended, four bedroom detached property located on the popular Radcliffe Park Road. Within a short walk to both Lightoaks Park and Oakwood park along with a choice of primary schools situated closeby, the property offer..."
"A UNIQUE, ARCHITECTURALLY DESIGNED NEW BUILD 2 bedroom property located in the much sought after area of West Didsbury. This beautiful mews house is set in a convenient cul-de-sac location just a corner away from local shops, a short distance from Withington Community Hospital, Didsb..."
"WOW As the name suggests, Manhattan is inspired by the famous area it is named after in New York and offers apartment living at it's very best. With unrivalled levels of finish throughout from hig spec kitchens with intregrated appliances to floor to ceiling windows it has ..."
"Below-market Manchester investment. Based in a sought-after location with plenty of amenities nearby, generate high interest and attractive returns with these luxury apartments. A161"
"A superb family home ideally located within close proximity to Streford and Manchester City Centre which provides easy access to transport links, Media City and close to all local University's. The property sits on a great size plot with well manicure gardens to both front and rear. Internal feat..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A spacious, FOUR BEDROOMED, traditional bay fronted semi-detached property positioned in a leafy location, off Dudley Road here in Whalley Range. The property is close to several schools, including the Ofsted outstanding Manley Park Primary School and within walking dista..."
"The property offers spacious well presented accommodation extending to: Entrance hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Conservatory, Three Bedrooms and a Family Bathroom. Externally, there is a Private Garden with access to the Bridgewater Canal, complete with a Patio Area and Split Level Rear Gard..."
"The original show home for the road and still looks like a show home today! A beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached house on a quiet road just a couple of minutes walk from Northenden village. South facing garden! On the ground floor the house offers an entrance hall with cloakroom,..."
"Traditional Three/Four Bedroom Semi Detached Property situated on a quiet tree lined street in the highly desirable area of Chorlton, close to all local amenities including shops and schools, with excellent access to transport links. This beautiful, extended property comprises of a wel..."
"Charming and spacious period family home on Manchester Road in Heaton Chapel, ideally located opposite to Manchester Road Park that will undoubtedly appeal to first-time buyer couples and growing families seeking a forever home. Promising generous accommodation throughout with a large south-facin..."
BUY-TO-LET PROPERTY | RESIDENTIAL APARTMENTS: Invest in these luxury Ancoats apartments in the heart of Manchester. Unrivalled amenities on offer in an extremely sought-after city centre location
"An opportunity to purchase a stunning two bedroom top floor duplex apartment in a highly desirable location. This beautiful property has been well maintained by the current owner and is presented to an exceptional standard throughout. The accommodation comprises; entrance hallway, con..."
"This stunning new development will give residents a unrivalled living standards. comprised of 1, 2 and penthouse apartments. Residents will benefit from its best in class amenities, which include Private lounge, cinema room, state of the art gymnasium, yoga studios and swimming pool. "
"Located on the 23rd floor this superb 715 sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high finish kitchen with integrated appliances, two double bedrooms and a main bathroom. Currently tenanted at £1325 PCM A ..."
 *A WELL PRESENTED TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT FOR THOSE AGED 60 AND ABOVE* A popular and highly regarded development within easy reach of local amenities. A rare opportunity in the local area with direct access to a patio and communal gardens beyond. Gas central heating system...
"Stunning 13th Floor 776 Sq Ft Apartment Looking for a high a high spec property in the heart of the City? - Look no further Located on the 13th floor this superb 776sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high fi..."
"Hunters are pleased to introduce this immaculately presented and spacious (1000 sq ft approx) modern Urban Splash town house. Located within the New Islington Marina, this superb property comprises; a large open-plan living room/dining room and kitchen. The kitchen boasts a central island which i..."
"Looking for a high a high spec property in the heart of the City? - Look no further Located on the 21st floor this superb 715sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high finish kitchen with integrated appliances, two double ..."
"Salford Quays Waterfront Apartments: Developed in collaboration with a local award-winning development company, with a strong portfolio in residential property, these apartments will offer 6% rental returns. B97"
"The property briefly comprises of: Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Three Bedrooms, a Family Bathroom with a separate W.C with potential to modernise throughout. Situated at the Head of a Cul-De-Sac in the Heart of Worsley Village."
"*** Marvellous Period Property with Huge Potential - No Chain involved, Approx 1830 square feet *** A rare opportunity to purchase an impressive period semi-detached home, situated a highly desirable and sought-after Salford location and retaining fantastic character, high ceilings and..."
" *A FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY BUILT CIRCA 1990* Situated in a popular and convenient location that's within easy reach of shops, schools, public transport etc and with easy access to Manchester City Centre. Excellent family accommodation with a downstairs WC, en-suite to the master bedroom ..."
"Exclusive Greengate Manchester apartments starting from just £210,000 - view floor plans today B228"
"MeadowSide is a collection of two distinctive buildings. Of contrasting materials, elements and details. One, two and three bedroom apartments and penthouses"
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A light and spacious, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMED, bay fronted semi-detached property, situated in a highly popular location on the borders of Chorlton/Firswood/Stretford. Closeby to the local amenities at The Quadrant and Stretford Mall, Food Hall, bars and cafés, this propert..."
"Modern Manchester Apartments: Newoff-plan investmentswith waterfront views and ease-of-access to Manchester's city centre, including bars, restaurants, and shops. A 6% rental return, with prices starting from £275,000. A98"
"What A Perfect Location For A Superb Family Home! Sell Well are over the moon to offer for sale this semi-detached property with three bedrooms in a very sought after location. This really is a wonderful home, located on Hazelhurst Road In Worsley that must be viewed internally to fully appreciat..."
"Amazing value for apartments in Manchester, starting from just £174,995 in a prime capital appreciation zone.Just 2 stops away from Deansgate on the local Metro Link, these off plan apartments offer 6% rental returns. A1126"
"Completed Residential Property Available: Ideal Manchester property investment, providing buyers with a minimum annual rental income of £7,797. A1200"
SPACIOUS 3 BEDROOM HOUSE - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS - THREE RECEPTION ROOMS - DETACHED GARAGE - CALL BELVOIR TODAY!
"Exclusive Greengate Manchester apartments starting from just £210,000 - view floor plans today! A224"
"A wonderful yet substantial period property offering a unique opportunity to modernise in a variety of different configurations, this mid-terrace home is spread over four floors and is situated in a convenient location, close to local amenities and transport links. The property briefly consists o..."
"This development has been designed to provide facilities such as a RESIDENTS LOUNGE, COMMUNAL GARDENS and BIKE STORAGE all within the heart of Manchester's Victoria North District. PARKING is also available at an additional cost."
Apartments with 11.7% price growth forecast in hotspot area of Greater Manchester. Near MediaCityUK and Spinningfields. A618
"**AVAILABLE NOW** ** NO VENDOR CHAIN ** Occupying a DESIRABLE POSITION on the banks of the RIVER MERSEY in Northenden close to the Didsbury border, this SPACIOUS five bedroomed semi detached townhouse CONSTRUCTED IN 2016, forms part of the POPULAR WATERSIDE DEVELOPMENT and benefits from EXCELLENT..."
"Occupying the fifth floor of the iconic Royal Mills development is this stunning two-bedroom duplex apartment. Ideally situated in the heart of Ancoats, just on the edge of the Northern Quarter, this development is fast-becoming one of the most sought-after areas in Manchester city centre to ..."
"Three bedroom detached property benefiting from a large out building that would be perfect for office space or a studio fully equipped with computer access and plug sockets throughout , This property is being sold chain free and viewings are highly recommended, The property in brief offers a good..."
"Looking for a high a high spec property in the heart of the City? - Look no further Located on the 22nd floor this superb 715 sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high finish kitchen with integrated appliances, two double..."
"NO CHAIN Overlooking the river Mersey is this immaculately presented five-bed semi-detached modern townhouse. Boasting a generous amount of contemporary living space over three floors, this property is also just a stone’s throw from Northenden village, and within easy reach of D..."
"Beautifully presented three bedroom Semi-detached family home, double extended to the rear boasting a high end finish throughout. Packed with style and offering spacious open plan living space with a large living room leading through to a fully fitted modern kitchen/dining room with ample storage..."
"AN IMMACULATE NEWLY BUILT FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME IN A SOUGHT AFTER ESTATE IN ECCLES Keenans are proud to bring to the market this beautiful family home set over three floors. The property is around three years old and boasts modern, bright and spacious interiors with a superb fitted ki..."
"SOLD WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN. This spacious two bedroom detached true bungalow is a must see for all buyers, garden fronted set back from road with driveway, garage and sold with no onward chain. The property features a spacious lounge leading through to a good size dining room, conservatory and fit..."
" **OFF-PLAN INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITIES** 2024 and 2025 Completions. Luxury City Centre Apartments in the Heart of Manchester. World Class Facilities, Stylish Modern Design, Fantastic Transport Links. Deposits from 10% and High Rental Yields from 5-7%. Price range from £200,000-£500..."
Apartments with 11.7% price growth forecast in hotspot area of Greater Manchester. Near MediaCityUK and Spinningfields. A617
High Rental Returns: A below market value investment opportunity in an ideally located Salford area.A1199
Central apartments in Deansgate with 11.7% price growth forecast by 2027! A511
"Off-Plan Manchester Apartments: Luxury, stylish apartments with state-of-the-art facilities, including an onsite gym, private lounge area, extensive gardens, and parking/bicycle storage. Prices starting at £275,000.A97"
"Limited 1, 2 and 3-bedroom apartments available for a highly lucrative buy to let investment in Manchester's M16 postcode. This area is a hotspot for regeneration and forecasts significant capital growth on properties starting from £174,995. A1125"
"*£12,000 PAID TOWARDS YOUR MORTGAGE* Part Exchange Available! GREEN MORTGAGE ELIGIBLE (SELECTED LENDERS)  PRIVATE GATED COMMUNITY The Ashley takes 3 storey town house living to new heights, with a flexible, 4 bedroom family ..."
Found in the centre of Salford; it offers extremely high 6% rental returns at 34% below local comparable prices. Invest today! A223
"***DECIEVINGLY SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME*** This fantastic family home is situated in the popular area of Swinton, with local schools, amenities, and great transport links with the East Lancashire Road nearby taking you straight into City Centre. The home comprises; entrance hallway, large ..."
"EWS IN PLACE - Mortgage and Cash Buyers Welcome* Introducing a stunning two-bedroom duplex apartment on the Sixth Floor of The Hacienda. This exceptional property boasts a spacious and modern design, with high-quality fixtures and fittings throughout. Upon entering the apartment, you are ..."
"Three double bedrooms, two bathrooms, good size open plan living area, outdoor terrace and two allocated secure parking spaces all within a stones throw of Spinningfields and the rest of Manchester City Centre, what more could you want? This recently built modern town house offers over 1200 SQFT ..."
"****LUXURY MODERN INTERIOR****HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION****SPACIOUS INTERIOR**** CONSERVATORY TO REAR****VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED**** We are delighted to offer for sale this luxury modernised 4 bedroom detached property, situated in a a cul de sac in the highly sought after Willow Park estat..."
Brand new three bedroom triplex penthouse apartment with private roof terrace and car parking. Sky Gardens has just come to completion by DeTrafford Estates in Castlefield. Apt 902 is located on the 9th (top) floor with accommodation over 3 levels. Level 1 - two bedrooms and bathroo...
"*BRAND NEW HOUSE* Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale this stunning, BRAND NEW two bedroom townhouse on School Street, part of the The Press development in the NOMA development area. Beautifully preserved from its 18th-century origins, the former Cooperative Printing Room is a true Manc..."
"A CHARMING VICTORIAN terrace, BEAUTIFULLY presented throughout, located in the HEART OF FASHIONABLE WEST DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 1198 sq ft. The accommodation reveals; an entrance hallway, living room with bay window to the front, living room, a dining room and separate modern fitted kitchen with ampl..."
"Brand new apartment on the 20th floor. Completed August 2022, Novella combines striking design and quality with first-class amenities, including 24 hour concierge, communal lounges, gym and wellness suite, private dining area, work spaces, bike store and 6th floor podium roof garden with stunning..."
"Extended four bedroom semi detached house in a great location with rear and side double extension, close to Prestwich Village in a large corner plot with generous garden. Within walking distance of local amenities, good schools, the motorway network and public transport links."
"A spacious and modern two double bedroom semi-detached property situated in a desirable location within the ever popular Didsbury Point development. The property offers two reception rooms, modern fitted kitchen, downstairs wc, two double bedrooms both with fitted wardrobes, stylish bathroom, pr..."
** NO CHAIN - BE QUICK **Trading Places are pleased to have on the market this fantastic three bedroom semiOn entering the property there is a light and airy hallway with staircase leading to the first floor. To the first floor there are two double bedrooms with a 3rd bedr...
"VR 360 TOUR AVAILABLE HomeDaze are thrilled to being to market this excellently located 5 bed semi detached house for sale. Downham Crescent is perfectly located for local shops, Bowker Vale Metrolink, schools and with easy access to Heaton Park and onto the motorway networks. ..."
"A stylish THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM end townhouse forming part of a SMALL COURTYARD DEVELOPMENT, with PARKING FOR TWO CARS, GOOD SIZED REAR GARDEN and a convenient location within a SHORT STROLL OF FLETCHER MOSS PARK. 1270 SQ FT. The property enjoys a corner position with gardens to two sides and gene..."
"TRADING PLACES are pleased to have this five bedroom semi detached house for sale.  Briefly, the accommodation comprises of an entrance hall leading to the living room, the dining room and the kitchen. To the first floor there is three bedrooms and the family bathroom. <..."
"**NO CHAIN** **FREEHOLD** Perfectly located on a tree-lined cul-de-sac in popular Ellesmere Park is this spacious 3 bedroom semi-detached home. The property has recently undergone extensive improvements which include, new roof, new plumbing and radiators, new electrical wiring through..."
"We are delighted to bring to the market this extremely spacious family home in a sought after local village. If you are looking for a family home in a small charming village, walking distance to local schools, pubs and nature walks on your doorstep then this property is for you!Deceptiv..."
"Normie are thrilled to bring to market this five bedroom semi-detached house for sale is perfectly located for local shops, Bowker Vale Metrolink, schools and with easy access to Heaton Park and onto the motorway networks."
"STUNNING PERIOD PROPERTY! HOME ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer the opportunuity to purchase this spacious three bedroom semi detached property offered in true ""move in"" condition. Offering bright and modern accommodation, mixed with period charm, the property comprises hallway, bay-fronted l..."
"*** Extended, four bedroom family home positioned on a spacious corner plot!! *** This STUNNING home provides an abundance of space inside and out and is ready to pick your bags up and move straight into!!! Recently undergone a double story extension to the side, the property benefits from TWO re..."
"This well presented, FREEHOLD, four-to-five bedroomed property comes to the market having undergone significant upgrading in recent years. NO ONWARD VENDOR CHAIN. The vendors have made us aware that the roof..."
"Located in a sought-after cul-de-sac, this detached dormer bungalow occupies a pleasant private corner garden plot. The property is offered for sale with no onward chain involved and it represents a fantastic opportunity to acquire a property which could be updated to suit your own prefe..."
***READY TO MOVE INTO***POPULAR RESIDENTIAL LOCATION***MUST BE VIEWED***LARGE GARDEN***EN SUITE***UTILITY ROOM*** Brand new to the market is this stunning four bedroom detached home situated on the increasingly popular Kings Grange Estate. With no expense spared from being built and having multi...
Situated on Davyhulme Road East this lovely property has paved front garden providing off road parking for up to three vehicles. The property is entered via porch which leads to a spacious hallway. There are three separate reception rooms as well as an extended kitchen to the ground floor. Upstai...
"Top floor, corner plot apartment. New Cross Central is a new build development with a twist on the internal finishes which makes it stand out from the crowd. Unique features such as exposed concrete walls, full height feature windows, brass finishes & Crittall style shower screens offer a lu..."
Manchester New Square - 2 Bedroom Luxury Apartments in the heart of Manchester! Book an appointment to visit our showrooms today! See description below for more information:
"**CHAIN FREE** HOME ESTATE AGENTS are pleased to bring to the market this spacious three bedroom semi detached property ideal for families with popular local schools and fantastic transport links. In brief the property comprises of, porch, hallway, bay front lounge, extended living room, extended..."
Premier Residential Lettings Ltd are delighted to advertise this two bedroom apartment located close to Manchester City Centre in the exciting new One Cambridge Street building complex overlooking Oxford Road train station.
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNTY - Tenanted apartment spacious 893 sqft. Two bed / 2 bath 6th floor East facing. The building also has a concierge, and a communal working space that comes with its very own high-speed Wi-Fi which is great when working from home. There is a communal terrace on the ..."
"** NEW BUILD ** FINISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD ** Take a look at this brand new FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME which is located in a very popular location and close to Drinkwater Park, schooling and transport links into Manchester City Centre, Salford and other surrounding areas. This SUPERB family home..."
"Hunters in Manchester city center are delighted to welcome this modern and luxry two bed apartment to the market. The property was built in 2020 and is in the heart of Manchestet on Tibb Street in the Northern Quarter. A short walk from the Arndale, Deansgate, Spinning fields. The property is clo..."
"** LARGE FAMILY HOME IN PRESTWICH ** Martin and Co are delighted to offer this extended semi detached family home situated in a popular area of Prestwich. In brief the property comprises entrance hall, lounge, spacious kitchen diner, UTILITY ROOM SECOND KITCHEN and a guest toilet. To the first fl..."
"*** Stunning Extended Semi-Detached Home With Superb Versatile Living Space, Private Landscaped Gardens, Ample Parking And Situated within a Much Sought After Residential Location *** Situated within a popular and highly convenient setting within the idyllic village of Worsley, this f..."
A beautiful period four bedroom semi detached property in a popular area. This property is a great size with an abundance of period features. Internally there is a spacious entrance hall leading to the first reception room with a bay window with beautiful stained glass and a fireplace. The second...
"Aubrey Lee & Co are happy to bring to the market this Detached three bedroom house situated on a prominent corner plot offering ample space for extension (subject to the usual permissions) located within easy access of local shops, transport links, schools and place of worship."
"A truly EXCEPTIONAL, CONTEMPORARY semi detached family home, boasting FOUR BEDROOMS, OFF ROAD PARKING and an EXTENSIVE 29 ft living/dining room. Situated on an enviable CORNER PLOT and ideally located on the quiet residential street, Horace Grove. "
FREEHOLD | No chain | Sought after area | Family home | Large plot | Extended | Off-road parking | Gardens | Only 6 miles to Manchester | Close to Schools. EPC D.
"STUNNING THROUGHOUT! HOME ESTATE AGENTS are thrilled to offer for sale this stunning, fully modernised three bedroom semi detached located in this popular Ellesmere Park location. Within walking distance Monton Road and having undergone a sympathic and high quality scheme of modernisation, the pr..."
"Northwood are delighted to market this four bedroom semi detached property which oozes character. Offering fantastic living space and ideally situated for a range of amenities including shops, schools and transport links and only a short distance to Manchester City Centre it would make an idea..."
" Integrated Appliances. Carpet & Vinyl Package. .Plot 358: The Eaton is a fantastic family home, boasting four great-sized bedrooms, a separate dining room and a convenient integral garage."
"****VERY POPULAR LOCATION****LARGELY EXTENDED TO REAR****MODERN INTERIOR****IDEAL FOR FAMILY****VIEWING RECOMMENDED**** We offer for sale this largely extended and modernised, 3 bedroom link detached property, situated in a highly sought after location, ideal for the family. The property is uPVC ..."
POPULAR LOCATION! LOCATE ESTATE AGENT are delighted to bring to the market this spacious four bedroom detached property located on the popular Half Edge Lane in Eccles
"Manchester New Square - Fully Completed, 2 Bedroom Luxury Apartments in the heart of Manchester!"
"Hyde Estates are delighted to offer this extended three bedroom, semi detached house for sale. The property is well presented throughout and in a popular residential area of Prestwich with scope for further extension. Off road parking to the front and a south facing rear garden."
"****NEW BUILD CIRCA 2019 BY BELLWAY HOMES****HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION****SPACIOUS & HIGH SPEC INTERIOR****CONVERTED GARAGE****VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED**** We are pleased to offer for sale this new build deceptively spacious and high spec 4 bedroom detached property, situated on the highly s..."
"BI-FOLD DOORS open to transform the kitchen into a STRIKING GARDEN SETTING for social gatherings, while the first floor lounge provides a comfortable retreat. With a DEDICATED STUDY on the ground floor, and an ADDITIONAL SHOWER ROOM between the two second floor bedrooms, this is a FLEXIBLE, APPEA..."
"´For a limited time only we are offering 3% off your apartment purchase price if you part exchange your home using our dedicated part exchange partner. For new reservations taken between 1st March and 30th April 2023 using ARL´s dedicated part exchange partner´
A collection of 63 b..."
"An impressive and luxurious apartment on the 20th floor of South Tower, Deansgate Square. Currently tenanted until Sep 2023 achieving a net rental yield of approximately 6.4%."
"FOUR BED HMO. TENANTED UNTIL JUNE 2024 @ c£25,800 PA. CLOSE TO WITHINGTON VILLAGE & WILMSLOW ROAD. A chance to acquire this three storey semi detached property located within walking distance of Wilmslow Road. In brief the accommodation comprises of: Entrance hallway, lounge and kitchen/diner to ..."
Reeds Rains are delighted to present this unique Three bedroom semi-detached house which also offers a superb sized lodge. Offering a Four car driveway and generous garden space. You won't find anything like this on the market. Lodge can be used as a business premises or even a private apartment!...
"The property is perfectly located within easy access of Local Schools and Monton Village with its many amenities. Internally, the accommodation is set over three floors extending to: Entrance Hall, Guest W.C/Utility, Office, Kitchen/Diner, Lounge, Three Bedrooms, En-Suite and a Family Bathroom."
**EWS1 FORM AVAILABLE - Mortgage Buyers Invited*** Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale this stunning 3rd floor luxury TWO BEDROOM apartment within the NV Buildings on Salford Quays. Offering extremely spacious and well-presented accommodation with a full-width south-facing bal...
"Victoria Residence is a newly completed iconic building in the heart of the one of the Manchester's most desirable neighbourhoods, the Crown Street development. This awe inspiring tower comprises 52 storeys of elegant residential apartments, the finest facilities, spectacular views and one of..."
"A light and well presented 3 bedroom DETACHED property positioned in a well regarded cul-de-sac location, this impressive property briefly comprises entrance vestibule, downstairs w.c., lounge leading through to dining room with double glazed sliding door providing access and delightful views to ..."
"This home simply wraps its arms around you and makes you feel warm and welcome from the second you walk through the front door. The home has a combination of period and modern features which will appeal to all buyers. Spacious, throughout..."
*** DETACHED *** FOUR BEDROOM *** POPULAR DEVELOPMENT *** CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES *** MODERN DECOR *** IDEAL FAMILY PROPERTY ***
"Beautifully presented 3 bed townhouse, is located in a quiet cul-de-sac and has the benefit of off-road parking and integral garage. The property is set over three floors, downstairs bathroom shower room and access to rear enclosed garden. Spacious lounge and 2 ensuite bathrooms for each bedrooms."
"Absolutely fantastic 3/4 bedroom detached family home set on a cul-de-sac in a sought after location perfect for access to motorway links and commuting into Manchester.
The property is in excellent condition throughout and benefits from 2.5 bathrooms, utility room and three receptions!"
"An opportunity to buy an off plan highly desirable luxury apartment .Axis Tower is a stunning new development of apartments with unrivalled public transport links, including immediate access to rail and metro link systems. Manchester airport is only 15 minutes away as is access to the regions exc..."
"This is a stunning new build development located in Manchester City Centre, consisting of spacious two-bedroom apartments. The development is completed earlier in 2022 and is ready for owner-occupiers to move in or for buy-to-let investors to receive rental income immediately. This c..."
Normie are pleased to bring to market this four bedroom detached home located on the border of both Whitefield and Prestwich.
"A two bedroom, two bathroom fifth floor duplex apartment situated within the fantastic Royal Mills development in the highly sought after Ancoats. Benefiting from a secure allocated parking space as well as being conveniently placed for both Manchester's Piccadilly and Victoria railway stations. ..."
"**QUIET CUL DE SAC** **SOUTH FACING GARDEN** **SPACIOUS THROUGHOUT** If you and your family are looking for your forever home, then this immaculately presented extended semi detached house would be perfect for you. COUNCIL TAX BAND B. EPC GRADE C."
"---- 3D FLOORPLANS ---- Home Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this immaculate and fantastically sized five bedroom extended semi detached property ideally located on a quiet and sought after cul de sac in Audenshaw, Tameside. Occupying a pleasant position the well planned and..."
This stunning extended family home has been sympathetically updated by the current owners and offers a fantastic opportunity for a young family to upsize. The downstairs consists of a open plan family room leading into the stunning modern kitchen diner with patio doors out onto the enclosed rear ...
"This beautiful, unique, MODERN and STYLISHLY presented, freehold home is situated on a desirable CORNER PLOT that leads onto a sought-after CUL-DE-SAC. As soon as you walk through the door, you will realise how BRIGHT ..."
EWS1 CERTIFICATE NOW AVAILABLE- NV Buildings - Two Bedrooms- 7th floor- Front Facing - Two Bathrooms- Chain Free- Available now.
Strike is pleased to present this property in Manchester.
"MeadowSide is a collection of four distinctive buildings. Of contrasting materials, elements and details. One, two and three bedroom apartments and penthouses"
Rothmore Invest are delighted to release a limited number of luxury apartments in Salford central. This is beautiful high spec development where nothing has been overlooked with the finish of each apartment.
"EXCLUSIVE INVESTOR OPPORTUNITY | PRE-LETTING AHEAD OF COMPLETION THIS YEAR | 96% SOLD, FINAL CHANCE TO INVEST! | Option to Mortage | Projected 6% Returns | 3% Capital growth per annum | Management Included"
*** Luxury Apartment / Two Double Bedrooms / Bathroom plus En-Suite / Quartz Worktops / Bosch Integrated Appliances / Airsource Heat Pumps with Underfloor Heating / Bespoke Luxury Furniture / Exposed Concrete Walls and Ceilings / Co-Working Space / Large Commercial Sized Duplex Gym / Private Resi...
"EXCLUSIVE BRIDGFORDS CITY CENTRE OFFER ** FREE FURNITURE PACK WORTH UPTO£5k+**We’re delighted to introduce Ancoats Gardens, one of Manchester’s most anticipated residential development. Located in the popular Ancoats district, the development will feature 155 spacious luxury on..."
"EXCLUSIVE BRIDGFORDS CITY CENTRE OFFER ** FREE FURNITURE PACK WORTH UPTO£5k**We’re delighted to introduce Ancoats Gardens, one of Manchester’s most anticipated residential development. Located in the popular Ancoats district, the development will feature 155 spacious luxury one..."
"Tyron Ash Real Estate is pleased to presents the opportunity to acquire Brand New Luxury Uptown Apartments in the heart of Manchester, 6 minute walk from the city centre, 5 star gym, cinema and 9 roof terraces. Completion Q2 2023 - REF:KYNA"
"Brand new apartment! Completed August 2022, Novella combines striking design and quality with first-class amenities, including 24 hour concierge, communal lounges, gym and wellness suite, private dining area, work spaces, bike store and 6th floor podium roof garden with stunning city and river vi..."
"**Attention Investors!!Perfect for Buy to Serviced AccommodationWith up to 15% yield. Unique opportunity in this current market, Get in touch to Learn more** "
"A wonderful four bedroom detached residence which forms part of a recently built and highly popular residential scheme close to transport links and amenities. The freehold property has been beautifully maintained by the current owners and is a short distance from Manchester city centre, Media Cit..."
"5th Floor 2-Bed Apartment with PARKING in Elizabeth Tower at the PRESTIGE CROWN STREET development. 797 Sq Ft. Subject to Contract. Amenities: Swimming Pool, Gymnasium, Terrace Garden & Resident Workspace EWS1 A1 Rated. Mortgage Buyers Welcome. Available to both Inv..."
Well Presented Three Bedroom Extended Semi. Sought After Cul-De-Sac. Excellent Location With Easy Access To Motorway Network. Modern Fitted Dining Kitchen. Four Piece Bathroom. Large Detached Brick Built Store. Long Lawned Garden. Off Road Parking
"A recently completed apartment situated in the ever highly sought-after Green Quarter of Manchester in one of the cities most anticipated developments, Meadowside - with access to the beautiful green space of Angel Meadow, it's rare to find open space in such a central location. Victoria Stat..."
"Mansion House Keepers Quay is a step forward in design and luxury. Located in the property hot spot of New Islington and within a short stroll to both the city centre and a Metro tram stop. This apartment is located on the 4th floor and consist of an open plan hallway with storage, a vast impre..."
"A large four bedroom detached property in a popular location. Internally is an entrance hall, the front reception room has a bay window and the second reception room has a bay with a patio door out to a sun trap, there is a good size kitchen dining room with a shower room just off. To the first f..."
"GREAT OPPORTUNITY FOR INVESTORS, ALSO ONLY OPEN TO CASH BUYERS. This unique property located in the Vie Building not only comes with a 2 bedroom apartment but also a separate unit on the ground floor that has previously had planning approval to convert it in to a another 2 bedroom apartment. "
"A well presented three bedroom property in a popular location. Internally is a porch, entrance hall, two good size reception rooms, a kitchen and ample storage. To the first floor are two large double bedrooms and a good size single bedroom, a family bathroom, separate WC and a storage cupboard. ..."
A truly fabulous period property! | Victorian Detached | Must be viewed | Traditional features | High Ceilings | Useful loft area | Cellars | Lovely private garden | Extremely spacious | Sought after location | Close to Bogart Hole Clough | Two large reception rooms | Approx 4 miles to Manchester...
"3 Bedroom, 3 Bathroom 7th floor Apartment in Manchester Waters Block B with spacious balcony! EWS1 in place Perefect for investors or a live in landlord!"
"Attention FAMILIES! This SPACIOUS, freehold DOUBLE FRONTED property boasts 1069 sqft of living space with GREAT SIZED ROOMS THROUGHOUT and benefits from a LARGE DRIVEWAY that holds up to 3 cars and a GOOD SIZED REAR GARDEN. The property is situated in a POPULAR LOCATION due to fantastic local ..."
"One of Manchester’s most spectacular and iconic developments! Offering new levels of luxury and sophistication, East Tower at Deansgate Square is a contemporary city-centre tower providing residents with state of the art leisure facilities and a range of on-site lounges and co-working space..."
"Immaculate Two Bedroom On 7th Floor A great opportunity to purchase a high spec property, by Alliance City Living in the ""halo development"" of Axis Tower in Manchester City centre. Located on the 7th floor this superb apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with ..."
"WOW WHAT A PROPERTY Totally newly refurbished, very spacious double fronted house, A PERFECT INVESTMENT, finished to the highest standard with 7 Letting Rooms (6 Double/1 Single), 3 Bathrooms and a large open plan Lounge/Dining Room/ Eat-In Kitchen and with potential to earn in excess of £6..."
"A fantastic two bedroom, two bathroom apartment on the first floor of one of Manchester's most sought after locations which is a stone's throw from Ancoats and the Northern Quater"
"Located on a desirable cul-de-sac just off Meadows Road, this most handsome period home on Lynwood Grove has attractive brick-built elevations and period features throughout. In need of modernisation, this lovely home provides fantastic opportunity for someone to place their own stamp on an inter..."
"Philip James are proud to introduce this SPACIOUS, WELL-MAINTAINED three-bedroom semi-detached property. This family home boasts three WELL PROPORTIONED bedrooms, excellent downstairs spaces, and a substantial plot providing generous off-road parking and a large rear garden. Located on a QUIET CU..."
"Looking for that perfect family home to unwind or to entertain family and friends? Look no furtherDiscover family living at this attractive four-bedroom extended 1930’s semi-detached, located between Butterstile Lane and Hilton Lane. The location is extremely convenient that everything that..."
"Stunning 8th Floor 776 Sq Ft Apartment Looking for a high a high spec property in the heart of the City? - Look no further Located on the 8th floor this superb 776sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high fini..."
"This is a nearly completed development that is Manchester's newest and most exciting place to live. The development is nestled next to the city centre, just a short walk away from Ancoats and the City Centre. This development offers an onsite gym, concierge and communal lounge. This a..."
"This soon to be completed developments comprise one, two & three- bedroom apartments & duplexes offering an array of great amenities: resident workspace, gymnasium, yoga studios, cinema room & terrace garden"
Strike is pleased to present this property in Salford.
This one bedroomed home with box room is the ideal property for first time buyers who are looking for an excellent home which is in a ready to move into condition which benefits form having a high-end kitchen and bathroom with walk in shower. The accommodation briefly comprises of entrance hal...
"Spacious and versatile three bedroom three storey semi-detached home on the Heaton Manor Estate on Kensington Close, offered to the market with a generous garden to the rear, several years of NHBC guarantees remaining and no onward chain that would appeal to first-time buyers and families alike. ..."
Castle Wharf has been thoughtfully designed throughout and was created to provide boutique waterside living within a short distance of Manchester City Centre. Deansgate Castlefield Station (0.1miles) is a 2 minute walk and allows for efficient transport throughout the city and beyond. The Univers...
Must be viewed! A beautifully appointed three bedroom semi detached family home built to a traditional bay window design and boasting much improved bright and airy living accommodation with a rear extension.
"Simply stunning canalside two bedroom apartment overlooking New Islington Marina. An Urban Splash development, this perfectly positioned apartment is overlooking the water. As soon as you walk in you feel a sense of calm and relaxation meaning once you're home for the day you can relax i..."
"*EWS1 IN PLACE - MORTGAGE AND CASH BUYERS INVITED* Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale this stunning 9th floor two bedroom apartment in the iconic Hacienda building, on the corner of Whitworth Street West and Albion Street. The apartment offers spectacular views and is located close..."
"THREE BEDROOMED DETACHED PROPERTY FOR SALE IN A POPULAR AND CONVENIENT LOCATION! BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, SPACIOUS LOUNGE, DINING ROOM, FITTED KITCHEN, UTILITY ROOM, CONSERVATORY, GUEST ROOM, EN-SUITE TO MASTER, GARDENS FRONT & REAR, DRIVEWAY PARKING!"
"This two double bedroom apartment is located within the popular converted Chepstow House development on Chepstow Street. The property comprises a spacious living room which has large sash windows allowing lots of natural light and a separate kitchen, two large double bedrooms with an ensuite to t..."
"This semi detached home is tucked away on a much sought after cul de sac location, within catchment area of Broadoak Primary School and close to local amenities. Benefitting from gas combi central heating and upvc double glazing. Comprising entrance hall, lounge currently used as a dining room wi..."
MEDIA CITY - BOUTIQUE DEVELOPMENT - 20 UNITS AVAILABLE - EXCLUSIVE TO ROTHMORE PROPERTY - 5% NET RETURNS - Don't miss out - Enquire NOW for more details.
**FOUR BEDROOMS**SEPARATE DINING ROOM**CONSERVATORY**LARGER THAN AVERAGE FAMILY HOME** Saltsman and Co Estate Agents welcome to the open market this well presented FOUR bedroomed DOUBLE EXTENDED semi detached family home. This property is conveniently located a short distance from local amenities...
"An EXTENDED 1930's traditional semi detached home that boasts a CONSIDERABLE rear garden, ideally located close to East Didsbury metro link station, Burnage train station and stone's throw from Parrs Wood entertainment centre. In need of some COSMETIC UPDATING allowing for potential buyers to cu..."
Superbly presented | Driveway | Good sized garden | Large Swimspa | Large outbuilding | Sought after location | Easy access to M60 motorway | Additional boarded loft area | Outside bar/games area | Less than 5 miles to Manchester City Centre | Close to Heaton Park. EPC D.
"A superb and stylish luxury apartment situated on the premium 12th floor, occupying a enviable corner aspect with a full width and 6ft wide waterside balcony. Boasting open plan living, two bedrooms, en-suite and contemporary bathroom and ready to move in condtion offered w..."
*** No Chain Involved - Superb Modern Detached Family Home Situated Within a Quiet Cul-de-Sac Setting in a Highly Sought After and Convenient Residential Location Close to Manchester City Centre *** This wonderful property is situated in a popular setting within the fabulous area of ...
"An attractive semi detached family home in a highly desirable location. This beautiful home has been much improved by the current owner and is presented to an exceptional standard throughout. The accommodation comprises of; entrance hallway, open plan full length lounge and dining room with bay w..."
"Aubrey Lee & Co are happy to bring to the market this extended Semi Detached house located on a sought after road within close proximity to local shops, schools, places of worship and transport links. An ideal family home comprising of 3 bedrooms and 3 reception rooms."
"STUNNING THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME With uPVC double glazing, gas central heating, gardens, driveway and garage. EPC GRADE = D "
Gotham City in the heart of Manchester City Centre. A truly 'one of a kind' apartment in Piccadilly Basin.
"Off plan apartments located in Old Trafford Manchester deliver 6% rental returns to investors. Prices start at £174,995 for fully managed buy to let apartments. A1124"
"A large four bedroom terrace over four floors. Internally there is an entrance hall, reception room with double doors through to the kitchen with door to the year yard and a ground floor bedroom with en suite shower room. To the first floor is a landing, large front bedroom with en suite, a good ..."
"**VIDEO TOUR** - VITALSPACE ESTATE AGENTS are delighted to offer for sale this larger than average FOUR BEDROOM semi detached property located within easy reach of Stretford Meadows and Stretford Mall. Offering tastefully presented, extended accommodation, an internal inspection will reveal an..."
"***LARGE CORNER PLOT*** ***NOT TO BE MISSED*** This 3-bedroom semi-detached corner plot house located on the desirable Boardman Road is an excellent opportunity for those looking for a property with huge potential to extend. The property is situated in a convenient location, close to local amenit..."
"This spacious and modern apartment is located within a highly sought after location of Picadilly east, just a short walk away from the Northern Quarter and Piccadilly Train Station. This development offers an onsite gym, concierge and communal lounge. "
"***NO CHAIN*** Located on a highly regarded road only a short stroll from Chorlton Village, a well presented THREE BEDROOM 1930'S SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY, offering spacious and light accommodation throughout, ideal for a young couple or family. This delightful property benefits from a LARGER THAN ..."
A beautifully designed Art Deco inspired family detached situated on an enviable plot boasting gardens to three sides. This wonderful home oozes charm and character while combining both traditional and contemporary features. In brief the internal accommodation comprises; bright and welcomin...
"This property is for sale by Modern Method of Auction allowing the buyer and seller to complete within a 56 Day Reservation Period. Hidden behind this modest exterior is an immaculately presented 3 bedroom detached bungalow. Tucked down a private driveway set back from the road, this..."
"A fantastic three double bedroom two reception room semi-detached which would make the perfect family home. Situated in the most popular area of Levenshulme and offers easy access to all the amenities it offers. The property briefly comprises: Porch, entrance hall, living room, dining ..."
NO ONWARD CHAIN...This Imposing Detached Property Just Has To Be Seen. Standing on a commanding plot. This property is a truly outstanding detached home full of character and charm. Consisting of a beautifully presented hallway with open spindle stairs that'll lead you up to the first floor a...
"A DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME WITH IMPRESSIVE VIEWS TO THE REAR Situated in the heart of a popular area of Salford M7, this three bedroom detached property is finished throughout with neutral tones and well-proportioned living accommodation. Perfect for a small famil..."
"A wonderful three bedroomed 1930’s detached home which stands proud on a row of similar attractive homes. NO CHAIN. With an abundance of period features offering charm and character throughout, this ideal family home in brief comprises: porch, inviting hallway with storage facil..."
"Looking for a high a high spec property in the heart of the City? - Look no further Located on the 20th floor this superb 715sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high finish kitchen with integrated appliances, two double ..."
"ATTENTION FAMILIES and INVESTORS! This spectacular, well presented, FREEHOLD property sits on a LARGE PLOT and is offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. It has PLANNING PERMISSION for a double storey rear and side extension taking it to a 4-Bedroom property with an open plan living/dining area..."
"Beautifully presented throughout and tucked away on this quiet modern cul de sac location. Close to transports links taking you into the middle of Manchester city centre and local amenities. Comprising entrance hall leading to reception/office, Ground floor w.c, open plan lounge/kitchen/dining ro..."
"Stunning 5 Bedroomed Semi-detached Family Home,  Close to Forum  Shopping Centre and the Manchester Airport. Stylish and Spacious Home Refurbished to High Standards, Driveway and Large Back Garden"
Clive Anthony are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented elevated semi detached property which is situated in a prime loca...
"**INCREDIBLE 3 BED FLAT** This stunning 3 bedroom apartment is set canal side, over looking the soapworks and is fit with 2 en-suites and a main bathroom. Finished to the highest standard and benefitting from a private gym and cinema room this really is a must see for investor and homeowners alike."
"Sell Well Are Delighted To Offer For Sale This Unique, Spacious Freehold Detached Period Style House Nestled On A Huge Plot. With extensive gardens at the front, side and rear, this substantial detached property is an ideal family home with bags of potential and a fantastic investment opportunity..."
"An immaculately presented penthouse apartment on the top floor of this very sought after development. Enjoying lift access and secure undercroft parking, this superbly positioned property is just a short stroll from Burton Road, offered chain free, and enjoys well proportioned accommodation with..."
"*** INVESTMENT PROPERTY *** Wilburn Basin is a highly sought after modern development located within walking distance to Castlefield and Spinningfields, and offers superb resident facilities including a Gym and Swimming Pool, and has 24 hour concierge. RENTAL INCOME is &poun..."
Chic apartments completed in Salford near to Manchester city centre with 6% rental returns.A616
"Do Not Miss This Superb Semi-Detached Property…A Real Gem. With a superior position on Greenacre Lane, a very private and desirable cul de sac set just behind the ever-popular George's Restaurant and Bridgewater Hotel. In one of the area's most sought after locations, properties here rare..."
Attract high demand and generate 6% rental returns with this Manchester city centre investment. Luxury apartments in one of Manchester's most fashionable districts. A156
**Video Tour** A beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached property that has been greatly extended by the current owners. Located on a quiet cul-de-sac with large driveway to the front and lawned garden to the rear. The very well presented internal accommodation comprises brief...
"*** Internal Viewing A Must - Fabulous Traditional Bay Fronted Four Storey Semi- Detached Home With Extensive Rear Garden and Double Driveway, 4 Double Bedrooms (Master with En-Suite) and 2 Large Reception Rooms, Popular Residential Setting with Easy Access into Manchester *** This stu..."
Clive Anthony are delighted to offer for sale this spacious three bedroom extended semi detached in a prime location close to local school...
"Reeds Rains are delighted to bring to the market this spacious four bedroom detached property situated in a popular location of South Reddish. The property is set back from the main road and occupies a spacious, fully enclosed plot with vehicle access to a double garage at the rear."
"This FABULOUS FAMILY HOME is one not to miss, offering an abundance of space with a double storey side extension as well as being extended to the rear; whilst benefitting from OFF ROAD PARKING and a LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN. Located close to OUTSTANDING SCHOOLS, shops & excellent transport links!"
"A handsome double fronted home which stands well on sizable plot, boasting mature gardens and a driveway providing off the road car parking for two cars. Being sold with NO CHAIN, this gorgeous home demands an early inspection to avoid disappointment. With floods of natural ligh..."
"A superbly positioned period terraced home in this very desirable central Didsbury location. Enjoying a sizable ground floor extension and wonderful open plan kitchen/ diner, this 2 double bedroom home is particularly well presented throughout, has upgraded double glazed windows at the front and..."
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** 3-bedroom semi-detached house in Withington, Manchester. Garden and single driveway at the front, with plenty of additional parking on a wide street. Large, private garden to the rear, including a patio leading to a good-sized lawn, plus additional allotment area wi..."
"Well-presented 4 bedroom family home now available in South Manchester.  This property is located on a well-sized corner plot in a sought-after development offering a private garden with side access and off-street parking.  On the ground floor, there is a welcoming and extrem..."
"Exclusive Opportunity: Own prime Deansgate property from £174,995. View floor plans today. A510"
"The property offers a wealth of family sized accommodation comprising of: Entrance Hall, Sitting Room, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Utility, Guest W.C, Four Bedrooms and a Family Bathroom. Externally, off road parking to the front and a private stepped rear garden."
*** HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT *** EXCELLENT SCHOOLS *** FANTASTIC TRANSPORT LINKS *** SPACIOUS DIMENSIONS THOUGHOUT *** GENEROUS PLOT SIZE ***
"Wow....If you are looking for a period property in South Swinton, they don't come much better than this one. This simply stunning bay fronted Victorian terrace which is a perfect mix of modern and old. The property has four bedrooms, fabulous high ceilings and large rooms. A substantial home ..."
"A WONDERFULLY SPACIOUS (1474 sq ft) TOP FLOOR APARTMENT ENJOYING A SUPERB SETTING OFF HOLME ROAD, ADJACENT TO MARIE LOUISE GARDENS. Numerous noteworthy features include an extremely generous living room with square bay window, two excellent double bedrooms, the main being over 26ft, two bathrooms..."
"Residential buy to let opportunity for any investor looking to earn 6% rental income. Affordable starting price from £200,000. A386"
"**GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £380,000** **CHECK OUT THE INTERACTIVE VIRTUAL TOUR** Welcome to a well presented and substantial four bed period terraced property located on a sought-after road in the ever popular area of Old Trafford. The property sits in a p..."
"Located in a perfect location on the border of Ancoats and Central Manchester. These brand-new apartments are ready to move into and perfect for buyers looking to take advantage of all that Manchester has to offer. Combining a fascinating mix of old and new, on the doorstep of centra..."
"Below Market Value Manchester Investment: Luxury residential apartments, townhouses and duplexes starting at just £275,000, and with a 6% rental yield. A96"
"Internally, the property extends to : Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen, Dining Room, Conservatory, Landing, Three Bedrooms, Master with En-Suite and a Family Bathroom. Externally, driveway parking leading to a single detached garage and a beautifully maintained private rear garden mainly laid to lawn."
"Impeccably presented three bedroom semi-detached home at the head of the cul-de-sac of Fencegate Avenue, Heaton Chapel, offered to the market with a larger-than-average plot because of its positioning on this sought-after street. Promising contemporary accommodation throughout, a large south-west..."
"SIMPLY STUNNING! Take a look at this modern, three storey, four bedroom, two bathroom semi detached property, which is presented to a very high specification throughout and is ready to walk straight in, which would be PERFECT for first time buyers, family purchasers or professional couples. VIEW NOW"
"The very first of these recently constructed apartments to come back to the market due to relocation, presents an exciting opportunity for the lucky purchaser to acquire the former show apartment in 'Parklands'. Occupying a superb corner position at the rear and side of the development, this spa..."
"Located in M3 in the heart of the city, just an 8-minute walk to Manchester Victoria Station. A222"
"A LOVELY NINETH FLOOR TWO BED APARTMENT WITH CITY VIEWS IN THE HEART OF MANCHESTER IN THE CASTLEFIELD AREA. This bright, open space apartment with clean contemporary lines is ideal for the city life. Property comes with its own winter garden and access to the communal roof garden."
"A four- bedroom detached property in prime location. Set back from Prestwich Village, it is just a short walk to the local cafes, bars, and shops that connect you to the community. Nearby Prestwich Metrolink station and the motorway network facilitate travel options."
"A magnificent duplex apartment forming part of Didsbury Terrace, a grand converted residence, boasting an enviable location on the highly desirable and tree lined Didsbury Park, with convenient access to Didsbury Village via the park and close to an excellent range of transport links. ..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. A five double bedroom, two bathroom student property, currently rented with 7.7% gross yield. This property has five large double bedrooms, spread over four floors, with laminate flooring throughout and fully furnished with beds, desks and wardrobes. The kitchen..."
"***NO CHAIN*** SOME MODERNISATION REQUIRED. A well presented THREE BEDROOM 1930S SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY, offering both OFF ROAD PARKING and a well proportioned WEST FACING GARDEN. This delightful property provides spacious and light accommodation throughout with SIGNIFICANT SCOPE TO EXTEND (STPP)..."
"*Tenanted until July 2023 - Investors only* Deansgate Square takes City Centre living to a whole new level. This stunning two bedroom apartment is on the 35th floor in the South Tower of Deansgate Square, featuring full height windows that allow plenty of natural light in and offers un..."
"The Blade, Manchester will become one of the city’s most distinctive landmarks. A magnificent architectural achievement. The Blade is scheduled to be completed and ready for new residents by Q4 2023."
"WOW FACTOR! A stunning three bedroom semi detached house on St. Georges Crescent. Ideally situated a short walk from Monton Village with its fine array of bars, restaurants and amenities. Close to excellent transport links and good local schooling. As you enter the property through the wel..."
"A beautifully presented bay-fronted semi-detached property which has recently been renovated and extended offering spacious accommodation throughout. Boasting two large reception rooms, downstairs WC, open plan modern dining kitchen, three good sized bedrooms, contemporary bathroom suite, light a..."
"Tyron Ash Real Estate are proud to present the final few remaining units in this fantastic development located in Ancoats, which is regarded by The Times as one of the coolest places to live in the U.K. Read the ad to find out more!"
"Aubrey Lee & Co are pleased to bring to the market this extended family home occupying a prominent corner plot, the plot offers scope for extension subject to the usual approvals. Situated on a popular road which offers easy access to local shops, schools and places of worship."
"**Video Tour** An amazing two/three bedroom, two bathroom duplex apartment within an Edwardian conversation. The property is situated on a quiet residential cul-de-sac within West Didsbury and this amazing home offers stylish, spacious and versatile accommodation over two floors. Comprises b..."
"Available with no onward chain is this spacious four bedroom detached modern property, located on a quiet cul-de-sac within a popular development. A perfect family home, just a short walk from Buile Hill park, with easy access to good local schooling and transport links throughout Manchester."
"Internally, the property has been completely refurbished throughout offering spacious family sized accommodation extending to: Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen/Diner/Family Room, Guest W.C, Four Bedrooms and a Wonderful Family Bathroom. Externally, a walled frontage complete with a private rear gar..."
"Stunning residential apartments from just 174,995, offering impressive rental returns and a popular Manchester location. Close to transport links and local amenities. B532"
"Invest from £174,995 in below market value apartments in Greater Manchester. 6% returns projected. A615"
"Fully Managed Buy to Let: Manchester's latest fully managed, off plan property deal brings 1, 2 and 3-bedroom apartments to the market from £174,995. Returns are at 6% but availability is limited so request a brochure today. A1123"
"Salford Quays Waterfront Apartments: Developed in collaboration with a local award-winning development company, with a strong portfolio in residential property, these apartments will offer 6% rental returns. A95"
EWS1 Certified - Fantastic Investment Opportunity Skyline Central is all encompassing with a range of five star facilities and services making the property one of Manchester's most desirable locations. From its luxurious 18th floor 20-metre rooftop pool and fully equipped gym this is unarguabl...
"Luxury Manchester property with experienced management and 6% yields. A desirable location, huge potential growth and below-market prices make this a perfect buy to let opportunity. A160"
"Manchester Regeneration Area: A completed Manchester residential apartment with waterfront views, offering from £7,797 annual rental income and high capital growth potential in the years to come.A1198"
"Luxury 1 and 2-bedroom apartments in Deansgate, Manchester city centre. Invest from £174,995. A509"
"Off-Plan Manchester Apartments: Luxury, stylish apartments with state-of-the-art facilities, including an onsite gym, private lounge area, extensive gardens, and parking/bicycle storage. Prices starting at £275,000. B94"
"The Chandler has three bedrooms - one of which has an en suite - a modern family bathroom, an open-plan kitchen and dining area, and a separate living room. Speak to our Sales Advisor today about your new Bellway home!"
"A much sought-after waterfront development designed with the modern professional in mind. Prices from £210,000 for a 1-bed! 34% below local comparable prices. A221"
"Brunswick Mill will be home to 153 characterful apartments in the up-and-coming area of New Islington, Manchester. When complete in Q3 2025, this stunning Grade II listed building will offer 153 uniquely crafted apartments; woven into the existing mill and perfect for both first-time buyers and ..."
"Normie are delighted to present this charming two-bedroom house in need of updating, located in the  desirable area of Prestwich, with great potential."
"Situated in the much sought-after Ancoats neighbourhood, Ancoats Gardens boasts contemporary concrete walls, bespoke furnishings, advanced audio intercom systems, high-spec Bosch. Luxuriously finished apartments"
"EXCLUSIVE BRIDGFORDS CITY CENTRE OFFER ** FREE FURNITURE PACK WORTH UPTO £5k** We’re delighted to introduce Ancoats Gardens, one of Manchester’s most anticipated residential development. Located in the popular Ancoats district, the development will feature 155 spacio..."
"Gross Income £28,903 Townhouse are pleased to market this fantastic four bed HMO with a tenancy in place until 30th June 2023. Currently has a gross Income of £23,920, there is the opportu..."
"Sitting on a generous plot, this three bedroom semi-detached property sits within an increasingly popular location close to the centre of Heaton Chapel and its bars, restaurants and excellent transport links. The ground floor consists of a bright sitting room at the front the property, a large lo..."
Traditional Three Bedroom Semi. Desirable Cul-de-Sac Position. Double Glazing & Gas Central Heating. Off Road Parking and Garden to the Front. Southerly Facing Rear Garden. Conservation Area. NO VENDOR CHAIN
"Location, Fantastic space, convenient location!  Here we have a superb example of a larger than average FAMILY HOME, boasting three reception rooms, extended kitchen diner, three double bedrooms and a family bathroom.All set in a super convenient location of the Kingswa..."
"The property offers spacious well presented accommodation extending to: entrance hall, lounge, newly fitted kitchen, conservatory, three bedrooms master with en-suite and a family bathroom. Externally, there is a private garden, complete with a well maintained lawn and patio, ideal for alfresco d..."
"A 2 bedroom apartment which offers a fully fitted open-plan kitchen, living and dining area, a luxury bathroom, and hallway storage. The Master Bedroom also features a built-in wardrobe.This prestigious development offers a concierge, residents lounge and swimming pool. "
"Hunters are proud to introduce this high specification apartment situated in the iconic landmark building No 1 Deansgate. This superb development with its crystalline prismatic form, and timeless aesthetics is EWS1 certified. All homes are fully glazed and utilize a variable twin skin louvre syst..."
"Brand new to the market, this gorgeous four-bedroom detached property is tucked away in a quiet area close to Manchester City Centre. It boasts a much larger than average garden, integrated garage to the side and a driveway providing plenty of off road parking. The presence of the garage also pro..."
"A fantastic new development in central Manchester with a range of 2 and 3-bedroom apartments. This is in the final stages of construction, with the flats ready to be lived in at the beginning of 2023. These exceptionally bright and spacious 2 and 3-bedroom apartments benefit from an ab..."
"PRICE REDUCED FROM £375,000 TO £370,000. We are delighted to offer for sale this superb four bedroom property which has been thoughtfully extended to create a substantial family home. Situated on a small development in Heaton Chapel, ideally positioned to take advantage of the many loca..."
"A MAGNIFICENT THIRD FLOOR apartment with WELL PRESENTED accommodation and IMPRESSIVE PROPORTIONS THROUGHOUT, located within THE SOUGHT AFTER 'ASHFIELD LODGE' , with TREE TOP VIEWS OVER THE GOLF COURSE. 1368 sq ft. The bright and spacious accommodation consists of: an entrance hallway, a spectacul..."
"A brand-new apartment situated in the ever highly sought-after Green Quarter of Manchester in one of the cities most anticipated developments, Meadowside - with access to the beautiful green space of Angel Meadow, it's rare to find open space in such a central location. Victoria Station (0.4 ..."
"Situated close to Wythenshawe Park Metrolink and Baguley Brook as well as a short walk to the fantastic Wythenshawe Park and Gardens, this superb four bedroom detached home, with easy motorway access and tenants in situ until Spring 2023, presents a great opportunity for first time landlords or i..."
"Luxury Ancoats Two and Three Bedroom Apartments with State-Of-The-Art Facilities, including residents work-space and gymnasium with City and Park Views. Both Completed and Off-Plan units available with 10% Deposits. Contact for further details."
"Rarely Does A Property Like This Come To The Market With No Chain! You will be immediately impressed by the original features including stained glass windows in the property's elegant hallway and entrance porch, this impressive home oozes period style and charm, is steeped in character with b..."
COMPLETED / Newly built / Media City / Enquire for more details
"A superbly appointed and spacious three bedroom property offering well presented accommodation throughout. The property is situated on a popular and quiet road close to excellent transport links and local amenities. Three good sized bedrooms, recently refitted shower room and W/C, bay fronted liv..."
X1 Sales and Lettings are delighted to announce the availability of this stylish STUDIO in our NEW DEVELOPMENT MANCHESTER WATERS for Sale!
Manchester New Square - 2 Bedroom Luxury Apartments in the heart of Manchester!
Off-Plan Luxury Development in the Heart of Manchester City Centre. The Perfect Opportunity for Owner Occupancy or for Investment. State-of-the-art Communal Facilities. Spectacular Design and Internal Finishes.
"Completed to a stunning specification, this property is a perfect home for owner/occipier or as an investment opportunity offering an immediate income. Situated in a highly desirable area of Spinningfields, the properties location is ideal, based in Manchester City Centre and surrounde..."
"*COMPLETED AND TENANTED* STUNNING SPECIFICATION** ON-SITE AMENITIES** HIGH YIELDING NEW-BUILD APARTMENT** SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION** INCREDIBLE VIEWS**
"
"**ATTENTION INVESTORS AND OWNER OCCUPIERS** This stunning development offers investors and cash buyers an excellent opportunity to invest from just 30% deposit. Yield of 6% and it is managed by a leading management company in Manchester, Zenith."
"Advantage Investment are delighted to present a stunning development in the heart of Manchester.1, 2, and 3 bedroom apartments available. * Projected returns 7%.* Ideal for investors and homeowners alike"
Prestigious location | Only 4 miles to Manchester | Excellent plot | Tonnes of potential | Off-road parking | Gardens | Renovated throughout by current owners | Close to Boggart Hole Clough. EPC D
"FOUR BEDROOMED DETACHED PROPERTY FOR SALE WITH NO VENDOR CHAIN! SPACIOUS LOUNGE, FITTED DINING KITCHEN, OFFICE/STUDY, DOWNSTAIRS W.C, ENSUITE TO MASTER BEDROOM, ATTACHED GARAGE, GARDENS FRONT AND REAR, DRIVEWAY PARKING!"
This TWO DOUBLE bedroom apartment is situated just off Nell Lane in West Didsbury is the iconic Quantum House and is offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN. A stunning PJ Livsey development this apartment has been finished to the highest of spec and offers opulent living. 
"Brand new to the market is this fabulous EXTENDED four bedroom semi detached property. Larger than its appears in the Road and with outside space that needs to be seen to understand what is on offer, this property is a fantastic example of a sought after family home! In brief the property consi..."
**CHAIN FREE** **EXTENDED** **NEWLY REFURBISHED** **WELL PRESENTED** **FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS** **IDEAL FOR FAMILIES** **DRIVEWAY** **THREE BATHROOMS** **SPACIOUS LIVING** **IDEAL LOCATION** Medlock Estates are delighted to present to the market this four bedroomed extended semi-detached proper...
"A stylish and spacious semi-detached property which is sure to impress. Fully renovated to a high standard throughout the property boasts three double bedrooms, brand new modern kitchen and bathroom, large living room with bay-window, generous private rear garden and ample off-road parking. Perfe..."
"Set within the Prospect Home development, once home to Manchester City FC this circa 2013 development has been designed with the family home in mind. With a pedestrian walkway, resident greenery, an award winning school as well as easy access to and from local amenities and the city centre. This..."
"A well presented 3 bedroomed semi detached, in brief this well planned accommodation comprises entrance hallway, dining room, lounge with sliding patio door providing access and delightful views to SOUTH facing rear garden, modern fitted kitchen, 3 bedrooms, modern 3 piece bathroom suite with sho..."
A substantial mid terrace property spread over three floors. The property would suit a family looking to upsize to this spacious property located in the popular part of Levenshulme/Heaton Chapel with easy access to schools and transport links to Manchester City Centre and surrounding areas.
**CHECK OUT THE INTERACTIVE VIRTUAL TOUR** **NO CHAIN** Be quick - This will not hang around for long! Welcome to an immaculately presented and substantially extended four bed semi-detached property located on a sought-after road in the ever popular area of Stretford. The ...
"AN ENVIABLE THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME Having been presented and maintained to the highest standard throughout with immaculate presentation, enviable wrap around gardens and added detached garage, this fantastic three bedroom detached property is being proudly welcomed to the market i..."
"Luxury Ancoats Two and Three Bedroom Apartments with State-Of-The-Art Facilities, including residents work-space and gymnasium with City and Park Views. Both Completed and Off-Plan units available. Contact for further details."
"JLL are pleased to bring to the market this charming two bedroom duplex apartment, within a 13-apartment, beautifully converted Victorian mill. The property retains original industrial features combined with a modern contemporary design. Based in the Northern Quarter, a vibrant neighbourhood whi..."
"EXCELLENT VALUE FOR MONEY!!! Property Perspective are delighted to be able to present to you this beautifully presented and maintained 3 bedroom detached house, situated in the popular Manchester Suburb of Swinton. Benefiting from modern sophisticated decor throughout, en-suite shower room and de..."
"This four-bedroom family home is situated in the heart of Heaton Chapel. This grants the property easy access to a wealth of transport links including the M60 motorway network, Heaton Chapel train station and a variety of bus routes. There's also a number of local amenities and schools within a ..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this spacious two bedroom detached bungalow which occupies a larger than average plot as the land was initially meant for two dwellings but only the bungalow was ever built. Situated on a sought after road, convenient for all the many amenities of Heaton Chapel ..."
Wow....Do Not Miss This.......A Substantially & Elegantly Extended FREEHOLD Semi Detached House In South Swinton. An outstanding family home which offers contemporary open plan living and situated on a huge south west facing plot. This is a fantastic property which the current vendors have si...
"Limited Riverside Development Offering 1,2 and 3 bedrooms - Parking - 6% returns - 999 leasehold ownership."
"A superbly practical UTILITY ROOM on ground level means that the magnificent OPEN-PLAN first floor can be dedicated to relaxed dining, conversation and pleasure. FRENCH WINDOWS and a JULIETTE BALCONY bring a delightful focal point, and the EN-SUITE principal bedroom adds a luxurious touch."
FOR SALE BY MODERN AUCTION! Located on the popular Kingsway this 3 bedroom semi detached house constructed circa 1930's is ideal for the buyer who wants a home to put their own stamp on. Good size and convenient for East Didsbury Tram and town centre this location is ideal for families. EPC...
"We are extremely pleased to be offering onto the market this traditional 1930's three bedroom semi detached property which is situated in this very popular and sought after location just off Hilton Lane, Prestwich. To the front of the property is a small garden area with a gated driveway to i..."
"A beautifully presented two bedroom apartment located in one of Manchester`s most sought after locations, Century Buildings. Situated in the heart of the city centre and a stone`s throw from Deansgate and all the popular bars, restaurants and shopping! Fabulous apartment in a wonderful location."
"A great opportunity to purchase this lovely traditional THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME. Located within a sought after area and backing onto Hollyhedge Park, this property offers great sized family living accommodation and MUST BE VIEWED. In brief the accommodation on offer comprises of an entra..."
"Genesis proudly offers a magnificent 2-bedroom apartment, conveniently located in close proximity to the bustling Manchester City Centre. The property is a mere stone's throw away from the iconic Manchester Arndale, offering seamless access to transportation, entertainment, and shopping options."
"Purplebricks are delighted to welcome to market this 1930s detached house standing in a large plot with ample off-road parking, detached garage and extensive gardens. Hilldale Avenue runs between Hill Lane and Rochdale Road in the Blackley area of North Manchester. The property is situated just ..."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A well-presented & light, THREE BEDROOMED, bay fronted, semi-detached property situated on a tree lined residential road off Rye Bank Road here in Firswood. Within easy walking distance of Chorlton Centre, only a ten-minute drive from Manchester City Centre, and moments ..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire one of the hugely sought after and spacious apartments in Drayton Manor, an exclusive development tucked away and set in their own grounds off Parrs Wood Road, and close to Didsbury Lawn Tennis Club. Offered to the market with vacant possession and having just been..."
"
Purplebricks are delighted to present to market this beautifully presented four bedroom semi detached family home. Close to local amenities, good schools and excellent transport links with easy access to the M60 and A62, Manchester, Oldham, Tameside and Rochdale are all within reach for commuter..."
"STUNNING THROUGHOUT! HOME ESTATE AGENTS are excited to offer for sale this immaculatley presented, modern three bedroom semi-detached property located on the always popular Chorlton Fold development. Located to the rear of the development with private position, the property comprises hallway, dow..."
"Bergins Estate Agents are proud to bring to the market this superb double fronted four bedroom, two bathroom semi detached family home. Set back on a quiet, private development just off leafy Wythenshawe Road this spacious home oozes bespoke features. In brief this property boasts four good size ..."
"A FANTASTIC EXAMPLE OF THE FOREVER FAMILY HOME  Set on one of the areas most sought after roads, Edward Mellor are pleased to present this three bedroom period semi.Complete with two reception rooms, family kitchen, three bedrooms as well as family shower room, external..."
POPULAR LOCATION! LOCATE ESTATE AGENT are delighted to bring to the market this modern three bedroom semi-detached property located on the popular Chorlton Fold development in Monton.
"A beautifully presented FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM MODERN TOWNHOUSE located on a quiet residential road in Whalley Range. This delightful property, benefitting from a SOUTH FACING GARDEN AND OFF ROAD PARKING, provides spacious and versatile ACCOMMODATION OVER THREE FLOORS. Having been tast..."
"Attention FAMILIES & FIRST TIME BUYERS! This well presented, modern and spacious 1930's freehold property boasts FEATURED BAY WINDOWS and a KITCHEN EXTENSION to the rear of the property. Benefitting from a gated DRIVEWAY and a FRONT & REAR GARDEN. The property is perfect for a wide..."
Located at the head of a pleasant and quiet cul de sac in the popular area of DANE BANK in Denton is this deceptively spacious four-bedroom family home. The property has been extended to create versatile living accommodation to suit any growing family’s needs. 
We are delighted to offer for sale this FABULOUS and BEAUTIFULLY presented FOUR bedroom Semi Detached home situated in the very popular area of Audenshaw. A viewing is highly recommended to appreciate this excellent home. Close to Fairfield Train station so perfect for those wanting to commute.
"An ATTRACTIVE and WELL PRESENTED, three bedroom semi detached family home covering 1000 sq ft. Located on a SOUGHT AFTER ROAD within walking distance to DIDSBURY VILLAGE, DIDSBURY PARK and FLETCHER MOSS BOTANICAL GARDENS. The accommodation comprises: an entrance hallway, two reception rooms and a..."
STUNNING 3 BEDROOM APARTMENT FOR SALE - OLD TRAFFORD
"Situated on the popular Parrs Wood Road in Withington is this brilliant three bed, semi-detached family home. Perfect for that next move or first-time buyers. Whether it’s a gentle stroll in Ladybarn Park you need, great local shops or easy access transport links, this home has it all. "
"A Range of Luxury One, Two and Three Bedroom Properties in Manchester City Centre. We are pleased to offer state of the art developments for both Owner Occupancy and Investment. Both Completed and Off-Plan Opportunities Available, with Deposits between 10-30%. Enquires for Further Details."
"Well presented extended four bedroom semi detached house set on a quiet road in the sought after area of Swinton. This four bedroom home comprises of an entrance hall, living room, dining room and extended kitchen with conservatory downstairs. Upstairs you will find two double bedrooms, a single ..."
"This charming 3 bed semi sits in an enviable position on a cul-de-sac in the heart of Levenshulme, offering plentiful living accommodation upon a deceptively large plot. The ground floor consists of a practical and bright porch and entrance hall, two excellently-proportioned living rooms, an invi..."
"A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED PERIOD END TERRACE, IMPRESSIVELY PROPORTIONED throughout, with an EXTENDED KITCHEN, located CENTRALLY within DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 796 sq ft. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, the bright and spacious accommodation consists of an entrance hallway, living room with bay wind..."
"Built in 1936, this most handsome three bedroomed family home, stands proud on a corner plot position. Boasting many selling features including a side driveway which leads to an attached garage, this property also has the added advantage of being sold with NO CHAIN. In brief this appea..."
"Hyde Estates are delighted to offer this four bedroom, semi detached house for sale. Built circa 1925 the property is located in a sought after residential area of Prestwich. Offering spacious living accommodation throughout, off street parking and gardens to the front and rear."
"**VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE** A traditional bay fronted, THREE BEDROOM, semi-detached property situated on a highly popular residential road in Chorlton. IN NEED OF COSMETIC UPDATING THROUGHOUT. Close by to Whalley Range Tennis & Cricket Club, the Metrolink on St Werburghs Road and a ten-minute driv..."
"A deceptively spacious, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM family home spread across THREE FLOORS with OFF ROAD PARKING, INTEGRATED GARAGE and enclosed GARDEN to rear. Nestled in the popular VICTORIA PARK district of South Manchester close by to the City centre, Universities and Hospitals. NO ..."
"Rare-to-the-market and extended three bedroom semi-detached home on an idyllic stretch of Ingram Drive offered to the market with a versatile single storey extension downstairs that could serve a variety of purposes such as a playroom, work-from-home space or downstairs fourth bedroom. The proper..."
"****RARELY AVAILABLE****LARGE EXTENDED ORANGERY TO REAR****LUXURY INTERIOR****HUGE FRONT & REAR GARDENS****VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED**** Situated in one of Failsworth's' premier locations,we are delighted to offer for sale this luxury modernised and extended 3 bedroom semi detached property, ide..."
**PRIME LOCATION** WALKING DISTANCE TO MANCHESTER'S BIGGEST TRAIN STATION** HIGH SPECIFICATION** RESIDENT GYM** TOP QUALITY AMENITIES** GREAT ACCESS TO CENTRAL HOTSPOTS** NEXT TO FUTURE SITE OF HS2 STATION**
A stunning two beds apartment with dual aspect window view. Good opportunity for Investor! 
"Jordan Fishwick are pleased to offer for sale this stunning two double bedroom, two bathroom spectacular with a balcony, situated in the sought after Boatman's Building. With its fantastic location this apartment is perfect for anyone looking for that city centre lifestyle. It is ideally placed ..."
"**OVER 1000 SQ FT** TWO BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM** TENANTS PAYING £1320PCM TILL FEB 2023** STUNNING DEVELOPMENT** LARGE PRIVATE TERRACE AREA** PARKING INCLUDED**
"
"MeadowSide is an interesting mix of apartments, townhouses and penthouses. Real-life living, in the city and on the edge of the park. Where all the best bits live side-by-side."
"New Cross Central is a newly completed development, with a twist on the internal finishes. Unique features such as exposed concrete walls, full height feature windows, brass finishes & Crittall style shower screens offer a luxurious and modern feel. The two bedroom apartments ..."
"New Cross Central is a newly completed development, located in New Cross on the doorstep of Ancoats & the Northern Quarter. The two bedroom apartments have a range of different aspects & layouts meaning you can choose which ones work best for your requirements. The general specification..."
"NEW LAUNCH: New stunning development coming to the Manchester city centre skyline. This new luxury tower is located between the edgy ends of the Northern Quarter and the epicentre of shopping in Manchester, Market Street."
"CHAIN FREE PROPERTY IN THE WEST POINT YES you are reading that correctly! A beautiful period property, matching period charm with contemporary living.the property benefits from two downstairs reception rooms, plus family kitchen. Recently update decked ..."
"... No Onward Chain... Spacious family home situated in a highly sought-after location on Cyprus Street, within walking distance to Victoria Park, Stretford Mall, the Metrolink Station, access to locally rated schools, and excellent transport links for commuting. Inside the property ..."
investment opportunity - 25% Deposit - Q2 2024 - 0.1% ground rent gym and 24-hour concierge - 6.5% Returns 
Rothmore Invest are delighted to release a limited number of beautiful off-plan units in an investor only development in Salford. This is beautiful high spec development where nothing has been overlooked with the finish of each apartment.
** STUNNING FOUR BED + LOFT SEMI-DETACHED *** REAR AND SIDE EXTENSION *** TWO FAMILY BATHROOMS & ADDITIONAL WC *** FRONT DRIVEWAY *** FULLY DOUBLE GLAZED *** GREAT LOCATION IN HEATON CHAPEL *** EASY ACCESS TO AMENITIES *** CENTRALLY LOCATED TO SCHOOLS *** EXCELLENT TRNASPORT NETWORK *** NO CHAIN **
"*** 2 BEDROOM CORNER UNIT****MeadowSide is an interesting mix of apartments, townhouses and penthouses. Real life living, in the city and on the edge of the park. Where all the best bits live side-by-side."
"An IMPRESSIVE apartment located within the POPULAR LARKE RISE DEVELOPMENT, standing in LANDSCAPED grounds off Mersey Road in a GREAT LOCATION between Didsbury and West Didsbury Villages. 1074 sq ft. The spacious living space is well planned with numerous noteworthy features including two double ..."
"Spacious 3 Bedroom Media City Apartment ** 2 Years 6% Net Assured Rent ** 2 Years Free Lettings and Management ** Completion Q4 2024 ** Stunning Media City Views ** Prime Manchester Location ** Gym, Cinema Room and 24hr Concierge. Parking Available with certain units."
"Michigan Towers is a ground breaking development by a multi-award winning developer that is set to change the Manchester skyline. This 3 bedroom apartment is perfect for first time buyers and investors alike, and access to amenities include a 5-star gym, multiple rooftop terraces, a 24/7 conci..."
"An excellent opportunity to acquire this superb 3-bedroom Detached family home in the heart of Prestwich Located just off Heys Road and only a short walk from all the amenities at Prestwich Village is this superb three bedroom Detached, set in an elevated position on this quiet cul de sac. The m..."
**PRIME LOCATION** WALKING DISTANCE TO MANCHESTER TRAIN STATIONS** HIGH SPECIFICATION** RESIDENT GYM** TOP QUALITY AMENITIES** GREAT ACCESS TO CENTRAL HOTSPOTS** 
"Tyron Ash Real Estate is pleased to presents the opportunity to acquire Brand New Luxury Uptown Apartments in the heart of Manchester, 6 minute walk from the city centre, 5 star gym, cinema and 9 roof terraces.
Completion Q2 2023 - REF:KYNA"
"Welcome to Uptown! A luxury development situated on the banks of Manchester's River Irwell. Uptown delivers the convenience of city living from a stylish waterfront location, offering an enviable modern lifestyle in Manchester's most sustainable new residential building."
"Spencer Harvey estate agents are delighted to offer FOR SALE this amazing opportunity to own this period FOUR bedroom, DOUBLE FRONTED mid terraced property, which is situated in a highly sought-after location in the Heaton's. This property offers lots of opportunities to the new potential owner, ..."
"48 Upper Chorlton Rd, Whalley Range, M16 7RG We are acting in the sale of the above property and have received an offer of £342,000 on the above property. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before exchange of contracts ..."
Chain-free three/four bedroom house on the ideally-located Brook Avenue in Heaton Chapel situated just off of Manchester Road and within walking distance to Heaton Chapel and Heaton Moor high streets that is sure to appeal to a wide variety of buyers. Promising generous accommodation over three f...
"Looking for a high a high spec property in the heart of the City? - Look no further Located on the 22nd floor this superb 615 sq ft apartment consists of : Entrance hallway with large storage cupboard, open plan living area and high finish kitchen with integrated appliances, two double..."
"A charming period terrace property situated in the heart of Didsbury village on a popular and quiet residential road. Beautifully presented throughout the property offers two double bedrooms, refitted modern kitchen with granite work surfaces, a refitted stylish bathroom with skylight, separate u..."
"This property is uniquely based in the heart of Manchester city center 3 bedroom town houses based 10 mins from Manchester town  center.   This spacious , secure property is spread over 3 floors and can be found on the cosmopolitan high st,  Market, superstore and the local leisure..."
"Stunning three bedroom semi-detached period property overlooking Light Oaks Park. This spacious home has been beautifully refurbished throughout and extended to the rear to provide the perfect family home. Situated in a quiet, leafy, residential part of Salford, and with close proximity..."
"2 BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH PARKING. An excellent, two bedroom apartment totalling 1,012 sq.ft. with garden views in one of the city centre`s most sought after developments, The Edge. The 6th floor property comprises; hall, hall cupboard, open plan living and dining room through to large double balc..."
"A most IMPRESSIVE apartment located within the POPULAR LARKE RISE DEVELOPMENT, standing in LANDSCAPED grounds off Mersey Road in a GREAT LOCATION between Didsbury and West Didsbury Villages. 993 sq ft. The beautifully appointed living space is well planned with numerous noteworthy features includ..."
"Riverside Apartments comprises one, two and three-bedroom contemporary apartments all designed to the highest standard to provide residents with luxury waterside living. Capped off with a gymnasium, residents’ lounge, coworking space, concierge services, a dedicated post room and..."
MODERN THREE BEDROOM TERRACED WITH CAR PARKING SPACE AND PRIVATE REAR GARDENGREAT LOCATIONLAUNDRY ROOMTHREE BATHROOMS** SOLD WITH NO CHAIN **TRADING PLACES are pleased to have available this amazing spacious three bedroom terraced offerin...
"A BRIGHT and SPACIOUS PENTHOUSE apartment, positioned within this HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT which is well presented throughout, located within WALKING DISTANCE of FASHIONABLE WEST DIDSBURY VILLAGE. 1058 sq ft. The accommodation reveals an entrance hallway with storage, an open plan living a..."
"Apartment 11 is a luxurious home on the third floor of the Old Half Moon Chambers and features a 714 Sq Ft area, a large open plan kitchen, dining and living room with two spacious bedrooms, two bathrooms and plenty of storage space."
"Positioned on the top floor of Sand Warehouse in Britannia Mills, a two bedroom, duplex penthouse with an office/walk-in wardrobe space is available for immediate occupancy. The apartment is in great condition and offers a blank canvass for anyone looking to immerse themselves in the traditional ..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN. Looking for a very large three double bedroomed family property?, this could be your forever home, set in a sought after location this property is deceptively spacious and viewing is highly recommended. Recently decorated throughout, perfect blank canvas to make this house your h..."
"FOUR BEDROOMED SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY FOR SALE WITH NO VENDOR CHAIN! SPACIOUS LOUNGE, FITTED DINING KITCHEN, OFFICE/STUDY, DOWNSTAIRS W.C, ENSUITE TO MASTER BEDROOM, ATTACHED GARAGE, GARDENS FRONT AND REAR, DRIVEWAY PARKING!"
