Summary
"Receive up to £11,000 mortgage contribution when you reserve Plot 22- The Daisy. READY TO MOVE IN FOR SUMMER. A superb THREE bedroom home with PRIVATE PARKING, ideal for first time buyers. SOUTH FACING GARDEN and OVERLOOKING OPEN COUNTRYSIDE SPACES. "
"80 Darras Road is an outstanding detached house, built around 12 years ago, and represents one of the finest homes within the Darras Hall Estate. This exceptional family home has a floor area extending to around 11,000 sq ft and has undergone a number of substantial refurbishment works recently w..."
"An exciting opportunity has arisen to acquire this magnificent, detached home, set within an impressive 1.1-acre plot in the prestigious Darras Hall. This exquisite property is truly one of a kind, designed by its current owner with great care and meticulous attention to detail to boast a palatia..."
"Astonishing, six bedroomed modern mansion nestled within one of the most prestigious roads in the North East of England. Occupying an impressive plot of around 1.2 Acres, this incredible property takes full advantage of the views over the river Pont and the open countryside. "
"Dobsons Estate Agents are delighted to bring to market a bespoke, contemporary, open-plan family home, with six double bedrooms, set in South West facing grounds extending to circa 0.75 acres, with a heated swimming pool and full size tennis court. The stone pillard entrance opens into an im..."
"159 Runnymede Road has been extensively redeveloped by the present owner and now provides a stunning luxury mansion, set back and very private from this most sought after prestigious address. With outstanding accommodation approaching 7,000 square feet, this is a fabulous opportunity to acquire a..."
A magnificent modern mansion with exceptional contemporary styling and décor
"Dobsons Estate Agents are delighted to bring to market an architecturally designed family home with South Facing rear gardens. The individual and contemporary design provides space and light in abundance, incorporating illuminated walnut staircase, Schuller designed kitchen, integrated whole..."
"A superb five-bedroom stone-built mansion house set in extensive landscaped grounds. The property was designed to exacting standards by the current owners, offering features such as full smart home automation. An extensive specification list will be provided to genuinely interested parties. "
"This exquisite seven-bedroom detached property is truly one of a kind, immaculately presented throughout and boasting an incredibly modern, luxurious look. Built in 2008, this stunning home has been built with meticulous attention to detail and offers an impressive amount of space over three floo..."
"Occupying an enviable position on the corner of Westfield and Westfield Avenue in Gosforth, is this beautifully renovated and substantial, detached family home. The property itself was purchased by the present owner back in 2016 where it has since undergone a complete transformation throughout. ..."
**360 VIRTUAL TOUR** DETACHED HOUSE - EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT - LUXURY CONDITION Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this superb detached home located in the popular and exclusive La Sagesse development in the heart of Jesmond.
"Occupying a prime location within the heart of Gosforth, this stylish and substantial, three storey, stone built, Grade II listed double fronted end terrace house was originally constructed circa 1820s. The property, which is one of three similar sized houses set back from the High Street, enjoys..."
"Nestled on a prestigious treelined street within Jesmond Dene Conservation Area, sitting beyond mature hedging, is this superb mid-century property. Set within a third of an acre plot, bordered by majestic greenery and a rear garden reaching down to Jesmond Dene Road, this architecturally designe..."
A rare opportunity to purchase a magnificent six bedroom detached residence occupying a prime position within the sought after Greystoke Park development on the northern fringe of central Gosforth. This substantial house constructed by Cussins Homes boasts in excess 5300 sq. ft floor area. It has...
 The property occupies a prominent position on The Close on Newcastle’s popular quayside area a short distance from a wide restaurant and bar offering. The quayside area remains an extremely popular part of Newcastle with the relatively recent By The River Brew Co. located on the Gateshead...
"Dobsons Estate Agents are delighted to bring to market a recently refurbished five bedroom family home, set on grounds extending to circa 0.8 acres, in the heart of the hamlet of Medburn. The property has been extensively refurbished and extended by the current owners to create a moder..."
This impressive and substantial detached family home with versatile accommodation over three floors that has been refurbished by the present owners and enjoys a large south facing garden is located in the heart of central Gosforth and will have to be viewed to be appreciated as we expect it to ha...
"This is a rare and unique opportunity to purchase a substantial plot of land, which extends to approximately 0.45 acres and is placed within the centre of the desirable Melbury Road, Jesmond Park West. Melbury Road, which located between Jesmond Park West and Jesmond Park East, is a highly reg..."
An expansive high specification property with classic elegance in a hugely desirable family friendly location
"IMPRESSIVE FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE, WITH A MAGNIFICENT NEWLY CREATED ELECTRIC GATED ACCESS & DRIVEWAY FROM DARRAS ROAD, GENEROUS 0.3 ACRE, SOUTHERLY FACING GARDEN PLOT AND INTEGRAL DOUBLE GARAGE. A substantial and imposing modern detached house, with a prime position on Darras Road close t..."
An impressive and substantial detached property in a desirable and affluent location
This most impressive and extended semi detached family home has been refurbished by the present owners and offers a great versatility ideal for regional and national buyers all located on one of the city's most sought after streets in the heart of Central Gosforth. Accommodation compri...
"This Distinctively Modern & Historic Grade II Listed Family Home Provides a Superb Central Position within the Very Heart of Gosforth’s Conservation Area. Offering Substantial Front & Rear Gardens, Three Reception Rooms, an Incredible Open Plan Kitchen/Dining & Living Space, Four Do..."
"A unique opportunity for a stylish, architectdesigned, detached house, occupying a lovely private 0.25 acre garden site towards the western end of EdgeHill.The impressive family home was completed in 2016 by the current owner, and is of steel frame construction with a concrete deckedfloor and fi..."
"Dobsons Estate Agents are delighted to bring to market this idyllic three bedroom detached house, sitting on an approx 0.4 acre site, with potential to further extend (subject to planning consents). The property is entered into the reception hall with feature bay window to the rear, le..."
 FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION ENDING 19TH APRIL 2023 AT 12PM. THE PROPERTY IS SOLD UNDER UNCONDITIONAL AUCTION TERMS AND CONDITIONS. TO PLACE BIDS AND DOWNLOAD LEGAL DOCUMENTS GO TO - sarah-mains.eigonlineauctions.com/lot/details/90968 An INVESTMENT opportunity has...
" We are delighted to offer for sale this extremely rare opportunity to acquire a highly impressive and unique end of terrace five storey townhouse. The property is one of a number of exclusive houses that were created from the John Dobson renowned street of Jesmond Road, which was originally bui..."
"A recently refurbished five bedroom detached house, occupying a mature garden site., extending to 0.3 acres. This wonderful family home offers versatile accommodation set over two floors. The property is entered into a welcoming entrance hallway with Gulwing staircase to the first floo..."
"A stone built, five bedroom family home, built to a very high standard, with views over the surrounding countryside and towards Farrick Hill and Farrick Plantation. The house is entered via a pillared entrance leading through the vestibule to the reception hall. The kitchen, family ro..."
"An exciting opportunity to undertake a self-build project in the heart of Gosforth’s Conservation Area. The tree-lined street of Graham Park Road often attracts the region’s higher-budget family buyers, drawn by the area’s fine late nineteenth-century architecture, m..."
"A completely unique and one-of-a-kind opportunity to reside in a newly converted church, built circa 1860, showcasing rich history through a multitude of exclusive, traditional features, such as beautiful stained-glass windows, exposed beams and wood-burning fires. This 4,800 square foot property..."
"An outstanding conversion of an 18th century stone barn and former Gin Gang (being the circular building attached to a threshing mill barn) offering a magnificent reception room and a spacious open plan kitchen/dining room, with utility room. Leading from the kitchen there is a large cinem..."
"Stylish & Substantial Double Fronted Victorian Townhouse Boasting over 4,000 sq ft of Internal Living Space Including an Impressive Open Plan Living, Kitchen and Dining Space, Two Further Generous Reception Rooms, Seven Bedrooms Including a Magnificent Principal Suite, Family Bathroom & Separ..."
This carefully designed and curated home encompasses the essence of luxury. Bold hues sit alongside delicate tones whilst natural elements work harmoniously alongside the latest technology to create a truly unique vision of opulence and glamour. Every space in this home has been given the VIP t...
"OPPORTUNITY Bradley Hall is delighted to be appointed to market this residential development opportunity at the 41 Jesmond Vale, Heaton, Newcastle upon Tyne, NE2 1PG LOCATION The subject property is located on Jesmond Vale in South Heaton, Newcastle upon Tyne. The property is..."
A magnificent Grade II Listed country house wing with open views and detached cottage 
A handsome and substantial property with private annexe in a vibrant city location
"A rare and exclusive opportunity has arisen to acquire this considerable plot of land in the extremely sought-after Jesmond Park East, and full planning permission from Newcastle City Council. The substantial size of the plot and coveted location makes this a truly exciting and incredibly valuabl..."
A five bedroom detached home providing generous and well-appointed accommodation with West-facing gardens extending to circa 0.48 acres. An impressive hallway and galleried landing sets the tone for this contemporary style home. This family house offers a spacious arrangement comprisin...
"This a rare opportunity to acquire a prime and desirable 1 acre building plot which is perfectly placed on the prestigious Runnymede Road, Darras Hall. The site provides an exceptional opportunity for an outstanding luxury modern residence, which is to be constructed in a more traditional style ..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire this 1930's double fronted detached family home ideally located on Woodlands, Gosforth. Situated to the West of the High Street and within Gosforth’s Conservation Area, Woodlands is ideally placed to give access to excellent local schools, the shops, cafés and restau..."
A superb new build bungalow with outstanding specification situated on an impressive plot in a desirable location
"Immaculately Presented 1930s Semi Detached Family Home with Lovely Sitting Room, Extended & Stylish Open Plan Kitchen/Dining & Family Living Space, Delightful West Facing Lawned Rear Gardens, Ground Floor Bedroom, Utility Room & Off Street Parking! This immaculately presented family ho..."
An outstanding four bedroom stone built barn conversion occupying a secluded and very private site within this residential development on the Northern outskirts of Gosforth. The property boasts 2800 sq ft floor area is surrounded by beautiful gardens extending to approximately half an acre. It ...
"A fabulous 4/5 bedroomed detached house offering beautifully presented and appointed family accommodation, with many design features. The Entrance Porch leads to the Reception Hall with cloaks cupboard, oak flooring and concealed ceiling lighting, a feature found in all principal ground floor roo..."
"A magnificent four bedroom, detached house with west facing rear garden on this sought after road, close to local schools shops and amenities.The Reception Hall with stairs to first floor, double height ceiling with galleried landing and electric roof light. The cloakroom WC is fitted with WC..."
"Substantial & Extended Modern Detached Family Home Boasting Three Reception Rooms Including an Impressive Extended Living Room, Stylish Re-Fitted Kitchen/Dining & Family Room, Delightful Lawned Rear Gardens, Four Double Bedrooms, Family Bathroom plus Two En-Suites, Integral Double Garage with..."
"Modern Detached Family Home Positioned within Gosforth’s Conservation Area & Boasting Two Reception Rooms, Kitchen/Dining Room, Six Bedrooms, Family Bathroom plus En-Suite, Off Street Parking, Integral Garage & Lovely South Facing Rear Gardens!This excellent, modern, detached family hom..."
"Superb, extended, four bedroom, three reception room family home, with large kitchen/dining room, mature gardens and double garage A lovely, extended, four bedroom detached family home, with versatile accommodation set over two floors, mature private gardens, driveway for 2-3 cars and an integ..."
"Modern Detached Family Home Boasting close to 2,300 Sq ft of Internal Living Space with an Impressive Open Plan Kitchen/Dining & Living Space, Utility Room, First Floor Living Room with Private Balcony, Four Bedrooms, Two En-Suites plus Family Bathroom, West Facing Lawned Rear Gardens, Driveway, ..."
"The sash-style windows of this family home give it a delightfully traditional feel, while inside the large open-plan kitchen with its dining and family areas is designed very much for modern living. Essential utility space is discreetly tucked away in a corner of the kitchen and French doors give..."
"A well presented and recently extended, four bedroom family home, situated on the outskirts of the popular Darras Hall Estate. The property is entered into a partially glazed lobby leading to a spacious hallway with access to formal living room, and cloaks/wc. The breakfasting kitchen..."
We offer to the market this fantastic opportunity to acquire a private converted block of high-end modern apartments with period features and stylish character. Portland Terrace is situated just outside of Newcastle City Centre and is within walking distance to both Newcastle and North...
"The property comprises 13 bedrooms across four flats. The ground floor flat has two double bedrooms each with en-suite, open plan kitchen/living area and guest wc. The first and second floor flats both have four double bedrooms, master bathroom, shower room and open plan kitchen living area. T..."
"This Spectacular, Purpose-Built City Centre Apartment Offers a Magnificent Open Plan Living, Dining and Kitchen Space with Three Bedrooms and Breath-Taking Panoramic Views Over Newcastle City Centre and Beyond. Boasting 2,000 Sq. ft of internal living space, this luxury apartment offers one of..."
"A magnificent and recently updated, 4 bedroom detached house situated within the Darras Hall Estate. The double height Reception Hall features a contemporary wood and glass staircase to the first floor and a built in cloaks cupboard. The spacious Lounge has large windows overlooking the gardens. ..."
"Portfolio sale | Five modern apartments | All two bedrooms | Two in Gosforth, one on Quayside and two in Gateshead | Current rents £40,164 per annum | All on ASTs | Rents could be drastically increased, speak to the office for more inform..."
"For Sale by Auction: Thursday 30th March 2023, Option 2, Terms and Conditions apply.This magnificent home benefits from a substantial plot circa 1/3rd of an acre, exceptional room sizes and beautiful features. The property is accessed by a striking portico with hardwood double doors opening to th..."
" A fabulous investment opportunity to purchase this substantial HMO house situated within the heart of Jesmond, close to local cafes, restaurants and shops and within walking distance of West Jesmond Metro station. The accommodation occupies over 2033 sq ft and is spread over three floors to the..."
"A very well presented four bedroom detached family home with well established gardens, on this sought after road, within the Exclusive Darras Hall estate, within easy walking distance of local schools, shops and amenities. The property has been sensitively extended and refurbished by ..."
"We are proud to present this Six Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.GUIDE PRICE - £800,000-830,000"
"OPPORTUNITY Bradley Hall is delighted to be appointed to market this potential development opportunity in Longbenton, Newcastle upon Tyne. LOCATION The subject property is located between Front Street and Hoylake Avenue in Longbenton, Newcastle upon Tyne. Front Street is a p..."
"Substantial Early Edwardian Terraced Home Perfectly Located within the Heart of Gosforth, Offering Two Large Reception Rooms, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Utility Room, Five Bedrooms plus Home Office/Study Space, Family Bathroom, Shower Room, Front Garden, Rear Courtyard & Garage!This lovely, purpose ..."
"This substantial, modern detached family home occupies an impressive plot and is ideally located at the desirable Hazelwood Road, Great Park, Gosforth.Hazelwood Road, which is tucked just off from Sir Bobby Robson Way and Oakwood Drive, is a residential street of luxury self built plots and offer..."
"A six bedroom family home, situated on the periphery of the Darras Hall Estate with open countryside to the rear. The property has been maintained to a high standard and offers a flexible arrangement with modern fixtures and fittings. The family home is entered into a large hallwa..."
"BACK TO THE MARKET This exceptional, architect designed and contemporary semi-detached family home, is ideally positioned at the desirable Heritage Gardens, High Gosforth Park. Heritage Gardens, which was originally constructed in 2019 as part of the Walled Garden development, is placed wit..."
"A stylish contemporary, four bedroom detached family home in an exclusive gated development in Medburn, a short drive to Darras Hall and Ponteland. The spacious house offers a superb arrangement with countryside views to the rear. The property is entered into a spacious hallway giving ..."
"Situated on the desirable Northumberland Avenue in the heart of Gosforth, this three storey period detached home offers fantastic family accommodation with a delightful west facing garden. The property has been remodelled by the current owners over a number years, creating a modern home, with th..."
"Substantial family home situated on the prestigious Darras Road. This versatile property comprises of to the ground floor a porch, entrance hallway, lounge, living room, dining room, conservatory, brekafast kitchen, two bedrooms and shower room, to the first floor there are two further bedro..."
"Situated within the prestigious and highly sought after Darras Hall estate, this wonderful five bedroom detached property will make the perfect family home! Upon entering the property, you are greeted by the light and airy hallway which leads you through to the contemporary kitchen, se..."
"The Kingsley is a five-bedroom home with an open-plan kitchen/family/breakfast room and separate living room, both with French doors to the garden, a dining room, study, utility room, downstairs WC and storage. Three bedrooms are en-suite, three have balcony access and one even has a dressing room."
"A five bedroom detached family home, located in a quiet cul de sac, which is within walking distance to Ponteland Village. This spacious home has been recently renovated to create well-balanced living accommodation including three reception rooms and three bathrooms. The property is en..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this stunning 1950's traditional style, three bedroom detached family home set on a desirable 1/3 acre corner plot on Edge Hill in the sought after Darras Hall area of Ponteland. The prime location of this property affords easy access to highly regarded schooling fo..."
SEMI DETACHED HOME - END OF CUL DE SAC - CENTRAL JESMOND LOCATION Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this extended semi detached home located on the popular Bemersyde Drive in Jesmond. This substantial family home has five bedrooms and has a secluded garden space to the rear.
NEW RELEASE The Valerian features an EN SUITE to the master plus family bathroom. Generous OPEN PLAN living and dining area with elegant FRENCH DOORS opening into the rear SOUTH FACING garden and stylish separate kitchen. There's also off-street parking and the front garden is landscaped.
An exceptionally well proportioned five bedroom property with a substantial plot and sought after location. This lovely home benefits from flexible living accommodation and is within the catchment area of outstanding schools for all ages. The front door opens to a lobby and an impressive receptio...
 COMING SOON - REGISTER YOUR INTEREST NOW! Contemporary living Three floors of luxury in the middle of Gosforth Ground floor kitchen and living space with French doors to your outside space First floor living room with Juliet balcony overlooking The Square En suite to the master bedr...
** SIX BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE WITH 0.45 OF LAND**POTENTIAL TO BUILD ON THE LAND**VERSATILE LIVING** SPACIOUS UTILTY ROOM AND MULTIPLE BATHROOM AND EN-SUITES**VIEWING ADVISED**COUNCIL TAX BAND C**EPC = E**
Four bedroom detached house set in beautiful location in Walbottle...
Unique and well finished five bedroom detached house situated within 0.45 acre plot in a great position within Walbottle village... Well finished 5 bedroom detached house in the heart of Walbottle village.
"Heaton Property is delighted to bring the stunningly splendid detached house to the Sales Market. We believe this to be the most impressive house set within the exclusive and highly desirable Hayon Grange Estate.
Opportunities in this location are rarer than hens teeth..."
"A very well presented 6 bedroom detached family house, with lovely gardens situated on a cul de sac within the Darras Hall Estate. The spacious Reception Hall has stairs to first floor landing and double doors to Lounge/Dining Room with window to rear. The focal point is the wood burning stove se..."
Final Milbourne plot remaining ** Plot 39 ** An impressive detached family house facing onto a lovely grass meadow. Stunning location! 
"A recently extended and very well presented 4 bedroom detached bungalow occupying a private, mature garden plot extending to circa 0.3 acres within this highly desirable residential area. The welcoming Reception Hall leads to the generous open plan Kitchen/Dining and Living area fitted with a..."
This contemporary modern home has been renovated and extended by the current owners to provide luxury accommodation within close proximity of Broadway shopping centre and Darras Hall Primary School. The front door opens to an impressive hallway giving access to a fabulous open plan family dining ...
"Delightful Semi Detached 1930’s Family Home Offering Two Generous Reception Rooms, Kitchen & Breakfast Room, Four Bedrooms, Family Bathroom, Off Street Parking with Garage & South Facing Lawned Rear Garden.This great, semi-detached family home is ideally located on The Grove, Gosforth. ..."
" CONSTRUCTED CIRCA 1905, WITTON VILLA IS A TRULY UNIQUE 6 BEDROOM, 3 STOREY SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME WHICH MUST BE VIEWED IN ORDER TO BE FULLY APPRECIATED. This magnificent period property retains a wealth of original features and offers generously proportioned and well appointed accommodation..."
"This fabulous home is available for sale with no onward chain and benefits from an elegant open plan family kitchen with central island and dining area. The front door opens to a welcoming hallway leading to the comfortable dual aspect living room. There is a ground floor WC, beautiful dining kit..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY | SEVEN BEDROOMS | NO ONWARD CHAIN | SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Jan Forster Estates welcome to the market this substantial seven bedroom end terraced home on Cavendish Road in Jesmond with Dene views, masses of potential, the benefit of being freehold and offered for sa..."
"SUPERB FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED DORMER BUNGALOW, WITH LARGE CORNER GARDEN SITE, EXTENSIVE DRIVEWAY AND DOUBLE GARAGE - NEWLY LANDSCAPED GARDEN & NEW STYLISH 'STONEHOUSE' BATHROOM. An impressive, four bedroom detached dormer bungalow, occupying a lovely corner site of approx. 0.25 acre in King Jo..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire this architecturally designed mid-terrace home, positioned on a generous plot within the the heart of Jesmond. St. Georges Close, a private no through road leading to St. Georges Church is tucked just off Osborne Road and is situated close to excellent local schoolin..."
"Enjoy spacious and luxurious living in the 5 bedroom Portrush with an impressive open plan kitchen with space for dining, entertaining and relaxing."
"The Rudchester is an elegant 4 bedroom detached house of around 2,070 sq ft with double integral garage and driveway. The long living kitchen and family room stretch the width of the property and ideal to entertain from. "
"A generous and extended, five bedroom detached bungalow set in a lovely garden plot on Collingwood Crescent, just off Middle Drive in Darras Hall. The spacious bungalow, which has a superb south west facing rear aspect, offers great versatile accommodation, with five bedrooms which would also be..."
" A substantial and unique detached family home occupying a large corner site onto The Croft and Kenton Road, ideally located for local shops, amenities, and schooling, as well as offering excellent transport links to Gosforth High Street and Newcastle City Centre. One of the most significant..."
"The Cedar an executive new home with FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, THREE EN SUITES and DRESSING AREA to the master bedroom. OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with UTILITY ROOM plus separate living room, dedicated STUDY"
"A gorgeous well maintained purpose built three storey Victorian mid terrace house, situated on the sought after Holly Avenue Jesmond. The property still retains some of its period features including coving, ceiling roses, fireplaces and also boasts generous 70 square meter open plan living. Bri..."
"PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY - POPULAR LOCATION - CHAIN FREE Brunton residential are delighted to offer this fantastic starter home located on Englefield Close in the ever popular Kingston Park. This property is close to local amenities, is a short walk to bus routes and Kingston Park Metro station..."
Investment opportunity | Six bedroom HMO | Let out until summer 2024 | 2023-2024 £102pppw | Next door also available
"A spacious five bedroom detached family home within a quiet cul-de-sac. The property benefits flexible living accommodation with potential to modernise and extend (subject to planning consents). This family home offers a well balanced arrangement including dining kitchen, dining room, ..."
"This luxurious property benefits from a fabulous plot circa 0.34 acres with beautiful countryside views. The bungalow has a comfortable dual aspect living room with French doors to the patio area, an elegant modern kitchen, generous dining room also with doors to the patio, guest WC, master bedro..."
This larger style detached home benefits from no onward chain and is situated on a sought-after private road within Jameson Manor estate. The property type is 'The Plane' which benefits from an open plan kitchen dining area with family room and two en-suite shower rooms. The front door op...
"*NEW RELEASE* Exclusive family home The Draper features FOUR DOUBLE bedrooms with THREE EN SUITES plus DRESSING AREA to the large master bedroom. Extensive OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with TWO SETS of FRENCH DOORS accessing the rear garden plus useful UTILITY ROOM and INTEGRAL GARAGE."
"Superb three bedroom detached bungalow, on an excellent 0.26 acre garden site on Eastern Way, with easy access to Ponteland village and The Broadway A well presented detached bungalow, occupying a beautiful mature garden site on Eastern Way, with an extensive driveway with parking for several ..."
"Princess Mary Court is an executive development tucked away within private gated grounds. Formally the site of Princess Mary Hospital, the old period buildings were converted into high standard apartments which were complimented by a range of new build houses. The stunning landscaped grounds incl..."
 FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION. THE PROPERTY IS SOLD UNDER UNCONDITIONAL AUCTION TERMS AND CONDITIONS. VIEWING BY APPOINTMENT ONLY. Investment opportunity in CENTRAL Newcastle location taking in VIEWS OVER THE TOWN MOOR and ideal for those working at the hospitals and un...
"With period features throughout, this three storey Victorian terrace is ideally located on the garden side of Holly Avenue, Jesmond. With no through traffic to Osborne Road, Holly Avenue, a pretty terrace is perfectly placed, close to excellent local schools, Jesmond Dene, the shops, cafés and re..."
"The Redwood is an executive family home with FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS with DRESSING AREA to the master, TWO EN SUITE shower rooms plus contemporary family bathroom. An OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family room with FRENCH DOORS."
"Attractive four bedroom extended detached house, ideally located in the sought after Denewood within the popular residential area of Forest Hall. Built in 1990. Externally, there is a large paved driveway leading up to the detached garage, providing safe, and secure off street parking. There ..."
"Signature North East have an exciting opportunity to acquire this beautiful, three-bedroom, detached home in the heart of Westerhope, Newcastle, nestled on the highly desirable and exclusive, Highfield Road. Boasting sleek, modern décor and spacious living throughout, this property was completely..."
"Astonishing, four-bedroom period property located just 1.4 miles from Forest Hall village, 0.2 miles from Benton Metro station and a short 6-minute walk to the wonderful Benton Quarry park. With attractive original features and a mixture of period and contemporary décor througho..."
"FABULOUS OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE A DETACHED, MODERN THREE BEDROOM BUNGALOW WHICH IS SITUATED ON AN EXTENSIVE SOUTH FACING GARDEN SITE, CIRCA 0.24 ACRES, WITH REFITTED FAMILY BATHROOM & SHOWER ROOM, OPEN PLAN LOUNGE/DINER, DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE AND GENEROUS DRIVEWAY! This great three bedroom, ..."
"The Ropes is an exclusive development of design-led townhouses for sale in Ouseburn. These architectural homes, built with modern materials, are for people who love big spaces – and the little details. Ready in 2023, each home will be set over four floors, have floor-to-ceiling windows, ..."
"**NOT TO BE MISSED** With an impressive amount of living space and a modern design touch, this five-bedroom detached home is the perfect opportunity for growing families.  The entrance leads into the large hallway, with the dining room to the right, benefiting ..."
"This fabulous 3 bedroomed duplex apartment offers flexible, spacious and beautifully proportioned accommodation in a wonderful 'village' location. Formed from the first and second floors of the original Peel House, this property is appointed to a particularly high standard. Approached via a video..."
"With south-facing lawned gardens and a wealth of period features, an extended three-storey Victorian terrace, ideally located on the garden side of Holly Avenue, Jesmond. With no through traffic to Osborne Road, Holly Avenue, a pretty terrace is perfectly placed, close to excellent local schools,..."
"This beautifully presented property benefits from flexible living accommodation and a magnificent landscaped plot with a sought after location and sunny aspect. The front door opens to a generous porch and inner hallway with ample storage. There is a modern ground floor shower room, a lovely grou..."
"LARGE FAMILY HOME - FANTASTIC REAR GARDENS - DOUBLE GARAGE Brunton residential are delighted to offer for sale this substantial family home located on Barmoor Drive within Great Park. This sizeable home is in an excellent condition, it has six bedrooms with an additional study and large, land..."
"TWO PRE RENTED FLATS | INVESTMENT OPORTUNITY | INCOME FOR 2023/2024 - £42,998 Jan Forster Estates welcome to the market two well presented apartments on Osborne Terrace in Jesmond. The apartments are tenanted until August 2024 The converted apartments are set on the top floor of..."
" """" Currently Tenanted """" """" Rental £2790 PCM"""" """" NMO Licensed """" Well presented six bedroom end terrace is ideally located in the highly desirable area of Jesmond, always ever popular with the students due to its location, within close proximity to Wes..."
"1,000+ sq ft brand new, duplex two-bedroom apartment benefiting from a prime location in Jesmond. Independent later living exclusively for people over 60, designed for downsizing. "
"Signature North East is proud to welcome this stunning five-bedroom, three-bathroom, detached family home located on the highly desirable Fulmar Drive, Backworth. The home is beautifully presented with modern and neutral decor as well as stunning made to measure shutter blinds throughout. The hom..."
" REQUIRING UPDATING and offering tremendous potential is this semi detached home set within Southmead Avenue. The living space offers two reception rooms, kitchen, useful utility room, three bedrooms, bathroom and separate wc. Externally, gardens lie to the front and rear. Ideal for thos..."
"Spacious four bedroom modern detached home, enjoying a quiet cul de sac position on this popular development , ideally positioned for easy access to the Golf Club and Ponteland Village. The property benefits from an attractive south west facing rear garden, generous block paved driveway and att..."
"Purplebricks offer for sale this beautiful, spacious five bedroom, three bathroom detached family home with double garage, on the desirable street of Greysfield in Backworth, Newcastle Upon Tyne. The property offers excellent transport links to Newcastle City centre, Newcastle Airport and Northum..."
"NEW RELEASE - The Watchmaker is an executive family home FIVE DOUBLE bedrooms - two of which feature EN SUITE shower rooms. An OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with stunning BI-FOLDING doors to the rear garden and UTILITY ROOM. Separate living room and dedicated STUDY for working from home."
"***RARE OPPORTUNITY*** Beautiful 4 bedroom family home with garden space situated in a highly sought-after residential street that is located in one of Gosforths conservation areas that is only steps away from the High Street's local shops, cafes, restaurants and bars. The property is also..."
DETACHED DORMER BUNGALOW - POPULAR LOCATION - THREE BEDROOM Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this three bedroom detached bungalow located on Brackenside in the ever popular Melton Park estate. This home is in an excellent condition and has a newly installed kitchen with separate uti...
"Beautiful four bedroom family home with garden space situated in a highly sought-after residential street in Gosforth well positioned for the High Street's local shops, cafes, restaurants, and bars. The property is also placed close to outstanding local schooling and excellent transport links int..."
"A four bedroom dormer bungalow, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac, close to local amenities. The property offers versatile living accommodation with the added potential to extend (subject to planning consents). The property is entered into the entrance porch, through to the entrance hall ..."
"FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME - DOUBLE GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY - SOUTH FACING REAR GARDENS Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this Raeburn by Persimmon. This property is situated on an excellent position on Saltwick Avenue, Greenside, within the wider Great Park development. The pro..."
"Presented with no onward chain, a superb four bedroom double fronted detached house with a lovely landscaped southerly facing garden and a double garage. The property benefits from a spacious hallway, a study space, living room and a dining room downstairs. There is also a modern kitchen, down..."
FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME - DOUBLE GARAGE & DRIVEWAY - FANTASTIC REAR GARDEN Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this outstanding example of a Taylor Wimpey Sherbourne. Located on Broadfield Meadows in the newly developed Kenton Bank Hall area of Kenton Bank Foot. This property...
"SELLING FAST - OVER 50% RESERVED!Urban Base are delighted to present 'Towers Court' an exclusive development of 14 apartments in the heart of Jesmond widely regarded as the most fashionable suburb of Newcastle. Conveniently located for access to the city centre, Jesmond offers an eclect..."
4 Bedroom Detached House for Sale KEY FEATURES • Desirable residential location • 4 Double bedrooms • 2 en-suites • 23ft living room • Study on ground floor • Immaculate throughout • Fitted linen cupboards • Large easy to maintain landscaped garden • Double garage • Gated driveway •...
"A spacious dormer bungalow with potential to update and modernise, set in attractive gardens and in a desirable location"
"Offering space, style and status, this elegant Victorian semi-detached house, retains beautiful original features such as marble fireplaces, small pane sash windows with complementing window panelling, original mouldings, coved cornicing and high skirting boards. Generously proportioned, locat..."
"Property located in Austrian Way , Fenham"
" STAR PLOT 2 Bedroom fourth floor duplex apartment Living/Dining/Kitchen | Master Bedroom with en suite | Bedroom 2 | Bathroom | Upper duplex space | Winter Garden Enjoying a prime position in Jesmond, Newcastle upon Tyne, Pegasus Jesmond Assembly is a stylish collection of independent..."
"Includes 12 month mortgage contribution worth £6000! 5 bedroom home features OPEN PLAN living and dining, designer kitchen with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES. Separate LIVING ROOM. Downstairs WC and utility cupboard. Main bedroom includes EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM. Boutique bathroom with DESIGNE..."
"A well presented 3 bedroom detached bungalow in a superb location within the Darras Hall Estate. With gas central heating and sealed unit double glazing, The Entrance Hall leads to the spacious Lounge with large window to front, window to side, open fire with feature tiled surround and hear..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this unique detached family home on Park Drive, in this very sought after Village. The house is filled with natural light with a welcoming hall and spacious living accommodation across two floors. The enclosed gardens are mainly lawn laid and would make an id..."
"A five bedroom detached family home, situated in the village of Prestwick within easy commute to Ponteland village and with excellent transport links. The property is entered into the porch leading to the hallway, giving access to the main accommodation, which includes kitchen and larg..."
"With West Facing Rear Gardens, 30ft Double Garage & No Onward Chain! This extended, five bedroom semi-detached family home is ideally positioned the west backing side of Oakhurst Drive, Gosforth. Between Montagu and Kenton Avenues, Oakhurst Drive, offers ideal family living with generous gardens ..."
"WITH STUNNING OPEN ASPECT VIEWS OVER OUSEBURN & SANDYFORD! A rare opportunity to purchase this delightful four/five bedroomed, period family home with its own fantastic tiered rear gardens providing views out over the Ouseburn located on Stratford Grove Terrace, Heaton. Stratford Grove Terrace, i..."
"Well Presented, Four Storey, Victorian Townhouse Offering a Generous Corner Plot with Private West Facing Lawned Gardens, Open Plan Kitchen/Diner, First Floor Living Room, Three Bedrooms, Family Bathroom plus Guest WC and En-Suite to Bedroom One!This excellent period townhouse is ideally position..."
"We are delighted to the welcome to the market this semi-detached bungalow on Chadderton Drive in Chapel House. The accommodation briefly comprises: an entrance porch and hallway, lounge, an inner hallway leading to the fitted kitchen, two bedrooms and a shower room. Other benefits include doub..."
"RARE BUILD TYPE - LARGE FAMILY HOME - EXTENSIVE GARDENS WITH GARAGE Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this detached home located on Elemore Close in Great Park. This home, being the only one of its type on this section of Great Park, offers a rare chance to acquire a large amount of ..."
"Extended 1950’s Semi-Detached Family Home which is Situated on a Generous Corner Plot with Substantial Lawned Rear Family Gardens, Two Reception Rooms, Impressive Open Plan Kitchen/Diner & Family Room Space, Large Utility Room, Five Bedrooms, Two Family Bathrooms, Off Street Parking & G..."
"A well-presented two bedroom family home situated in a quiet cul-de-sac on the periphery of the estate. The property is flooded with natural light and has been well maintained over the years. The welcoming hallway gives access to the ground floor accommodation including study, cloaks w..."
For Sale by Unconditional Auction.. Reservation fee terms and conditions apply Pattinsons are delighted to offer for sale by auction this substantial premises. Situated on the corner of Bishops Avenue and the ever popular Westgate Road this will prove popular to investors. Briefly comprisin...
"Stylish Modern Townhouse Offering Stunning Open Aspect Views with Lounge, Contemporary Open Plan Kitchen/Diner, Four Bedrooms plus Study, Family Bathroom & En-Suite, Private South Facing Sun Terrace, Front & Rear Gardens, Detached Double Garage/Gymnasium & No Onward Chain! This excelle..."
"OPEN PLAN LIVING & STYLISH PRESENTATION! This extended four bedroom semi-detached family home is ideally located on Wingrove Road North, Fenham. Wingrove Road North, a wide, tree-lined avenue is situated close to Newcastle City Centre is perfectly placed to access the surrounding greenery, the Ne..."
" Beautifully presented, four bedroom semi detached family home, which has been fully refurbished and extended to a high standard by the current owners, and benefits from a lovely west facing garden to the rear. The rear extension has created a modern kitchen and lounge offering bi-folding doors..."
" Stunning Two bedroom Penthouse Apartment With West Facing Balcony, Two Double Bedrooms, En-suite Bathroom, Guest Bathroom/wc, Utility Room, Two allocated Parking Spaces, Visitor Parking & No Chain! This delightful penthouse apartment has been lovingly refurbished by the current owners follo..."
* VIEWS VIEWS VIEWS * EXECUTIVE PENTHOUSE * STUNNING OPEN PLAN LIVING SPACE * PANORAMIC VIEWS OF THE QUAYSIDE FROM EVERY ROOM & PROBABLY THE LARGEST ROOFTOP TERRACE IN THE CITY CENTRE— A TRULY STUNNING PROPERTY ORIGINALLY THE SHOW HOME FOR THE DEVELOPMENT & DESIGNED BY THE WORLD-FAMOUS CONRAN &...
"DETACHED BUNGALOW - LUXURY CONDITION - FANTASTIC GARDENS Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this detached bungalow located on Station Road, within walking distance to Kenton Bank Foot Metro station. This home is in a stunning condition throughout and has some excellent garden spaces t..."
Forest Close is an exclusive new development of three newly built dormer bungalows and one thoroughly refurbished house in the heart of Forest Hall set off West Croft Road. The first property to be released to market publicly is this impressive three bedroom dormer bungalow. The prope...
"This beautiful, outstanding, rare to the market four bedroom mid terrace house boasts spacious period Interior and generously sized accommodation on this highly sought after area in Benton. Close to local amenities, schools and good transport links, the property boasts original features throughou..."
"**Spacious family home**Immaculately presented** Property Rung are delighted to bring to the market For Sale this beautifully presented 5 Bedroom Detached House on Hotspur North, in the ever popular location of Backworth. Situated within an enviable plot and enjoying a private garden to Rear a..."
"A 3 bedroom detached bungalow in a superb location, just a short distance from Schools and Shopping facilities. The accommodation would benefit from some cosmetic updating and provides an exceptional opportunity to create a fabulous home to the purchasers, own taste and requirements. With gas fir..."
"The Plane is an impressive detached home with FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, a SPACIOUS OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area, UTILITY ROOM, cloakroom TWO ENSUITES, a DRESSING AREA to bedroom 1, and externally an INTEGRAL GARAGE."
"This impressive home is ideal for modern living, with a SPACIOUS OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN/DINER/FAMILY AREA leading out onto the rear garden through FRENCH DOORS, as well as access to the UTILITY ROOM. Relax and unwind in your SEPARATE LOUNGE or retreat into the dining room that can be used as a STUDY i..."
"Stylish, Semi-Detached Family Home with Lounge, Open Plan Kitchen, Dining & Family Space, Four Bedrooms, Contemporary Re-Fitted Family Bathroom, Garage with Driveway & Delightful Lawned Rear Garden! This well presented and extended, 1930's semi-detached family home ideally located on Wing..."
"A fabulous 3 bedroomed semi detached family house situated within this highly desirable residential area. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, this property has considerable character and charm, with many lovely features including stained and leaded windows and deep cove..."
"Signature North East are delighted to introduce this gorgeous four bedroom, detached family home to the sales market which is available with no upper chain and showcases beautiful décor and styling throughout all spacious rooms. The property is situated on the quiet cul-de-sac of Bluestone Court,..."
"A fantastic detached home where flexibility is key. The large OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN and dining area is perfect for entertaining. The FRENCH DOORS open out on to your garden. You'll also find a SEPARATE DINING ROOM, SPACIOUS LOUNGE and HANDY UTILITY ROOM on the ground floor. Head upstairs and you'll s..."
"The Broadhaven benefits from a great kitchen/dining/family room opening out onto the garden. There’s a separate living room, a utility room, a downstairs shower room/cloakroom and an integral garage. Upstairs two of the bedrooms benefit from en suite bathrooms and there’s a modern family bathroom."
Bradley Hall is pleased to bring to the market 17 Montagu Court. This unique apartment is located within a well-known building with excellent views across Newcastle’s town moor. A fantastic three-bedroom apartment which also features a double garage in the basement. Secure entran...
" A very spacious, three bedroom duplex apartment on the second and third floors of this exclusive development which is ideally situated on Adderstone Court, Jesmond. Originally constructed by Miller Homes in 2000, the property is located within one of the most sought after secure gated developme..."
**A RARE OPPERTUNITY TO PURCHASE THIS SIX BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE WHICH HAS ALSO BEEN EXTENDED **OFFERING VERSATILE LIVING** A MUST VIEW**COUNCIL TAX BAND E**AWAITING EPC**
"Receive up £14,500 mortgage contribution when you reserve Plot 20 The Freesia. READY TO MOVE IN FOR SUMMER. This exclusive 3-bedroom home benefits from a SOUTH FACING GARDEN with a PRIVATE DRIVE and OVERLOOKING OPEN COUNTRYSIDE SPACE. The contemporary fitted kitchen includes INTEGRATED APPLIANCES."
FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - FANTASTICALLY PRESENTED Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this substantial detached home located on Fulmar Drive which is part of the ever-popular Heritage Green development in Backworth. This immaculate property offers a large amo...
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this four bedroom detached family house on the Spinney, in the very sought after Killingworth Village. The house is filled with natural light with a welcoming hall and spacious living accommodation across two floors. The substantial enclosed rear garden is ma..."
"Impressive Three Bedroom end terrace property; located on the popular Newlands Road, High West Jesmond and oozing with an abundance of character throughout. A variety of amenities, transport links and and local parks can be found right on the doorstep of Newlands Road, including the l..."
"Signature North East are delighted to introduce this gorgeous, four bedroom, detached home, to the sales market showcasing beautiful décor and styling throughout. Situated on the highly desirable Bluestone Court, Backworth, this property benefits from being in a great location with a range of ame..."
"A beautifully presented and appointed 4 bedroomed detached house, refurbished throughout to provide impeccable family accommodation. Conveniently situated within this sought after area, the Entrance Hall has Amtico flooring, continuing into the Reception Hall, with cloaks cupboard and Cloakroom/W..."
"Ground floor, brand new, modern two-bedroom apartment. Benefitting from a prime location in Jesmond. Independent later living exclusively for people over 60. "
FIVE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED - LOFT CONVERSION - SOUTH FACING GARDEN Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this sizeable semi detached home located on Polwarth Crescent within the popular Brunton Park estate. This semi detached home was originally built with four bedrooms while a ...
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | kZa49qQjF4 ** FIVE/SIX BEDROOMS | EXTENDED DETACHED HOME | STUNNING GARDEN Jan Forster Estates present to the market this well presented and extended five/six bedroom detached family home on Princes Meadow in Gosforth. ...
SPACIOUS FOUR BEDROOM HOME BUILT IN 2022 WITH TWO EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOMS AND A WALK IN WARDROBE** FINISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD THROUGHOUT** A MUST VIEW*** COUNCIL TAX BAND E ***EPC =B**
"A detached, four-bedroom house, offering spacious living accomodation throughout, conveniently situated in the sought-after village of Ponteland, within walking distance of local amenities. "
"This third-floor spacious apartment which has been finished to a high standard is located within the lower block of this iconic Gosforth building, with wonderful south facing Town Moor views, all within the bustling and popular suburb of Gosforth. This apartment also comes with a private garage...."
"A spacious five bedroom detached family home situated on a private cul-de-sac, with countryside views from the South facing rear gardens. The property offers great potential to modernise and extend, subject to planning consents. The home is entered through glazed porch, int..."
"A larger style five bedroom semi detached house located on the sought after Grange Road, Fenham. The property has been extended to the rear, crating a larger kitchen and dining room. There is also a larger double height detached garage to the rear of the property with access to the side. The acco..."
"A substantial modernised family home which provides spacious living accommodation across two floors. Located on this favourable sought after residential street on Forest Avenue, in Forest Hall. Conveniently placed within close proximity to the Village of Forest Hall with its shops, restaurants,..."
"With stylish presentation, south-east facing rear gardens and open aspect views! A fine example of a three-storey town-house tucked away in Jesmond Park Court. Situated to the East of Melbury Road, Jesmond Park Court forming part of this leafy suburb and is well positioned providing easy access i..."
"This a superb opportunity to purchase this large, renovated family home. This popular location provides access to local schools, shops, and other amenities whilst also providing road and transport links to surrounding areas. Internally the home boasts a modern living space to the left, as..."
"The Weaver features FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS with TWO EN SUITES and a DRESSING ROOM to the master bedroom. A large OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with UTILITY ROOM and FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden from the dining area and living room. Single GARAGE with two off road parking spaces."
"*NEW RELEASE* The Weaver features FOUR DOUBLE bedrooms with DRESSING AREA to the master and TWO EN SUITES. Large OPEN PLAN dining, kitchen and family area ideal for entertaining with FRENCH DOORS to the garden and UTILITY ROOM with outside access. Separate living room served by entry hallway"
SEMI DETACHED HOME - EXTENDED - FRONT & REAR GARDENS Brunton Residential offer for sale this fantastic semi detached home within Brunton Park in Gosforth. This perfect family home has been extended over the garage along with a two story extension to the rear.
"Thetford - DOUBLE GARAGE & PARKING, Large OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/family room, LAUNDRY room, WC, lounge with BAY WINDOW, DRESSING ROOM & ENSUITE to main bedroom, ENSUITE to bed TWO, 3 further bedrooms & family bathroom. AMPLE STORAGE. Incorporating feature french doors, the welcoming family and..."
DETACHED HOME - FANTASTIC CONDITION - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this detached home located on Ringlet Drive in the West Heath development of Great Park. This Taylor Wimpy 'Wilton' style property is positioned on a sizeable plot and has a large d...
The Brenkley features THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS and a single with TWO ENSUITES. Spacious fitted kitchen with adjoining UTILITY ROOM and FAMILY ROOM with FRENCH DOORS opening to the garden creating a social hub of the home. Front facing living room and dedicated DINING ROOM complete this CHAIN FREE home
This well presented semi detached family home is located in central Gosforth and makes the most of its setting with off street parking and generous garden. This versatile home has been extended and improved to allow for accommodation over 2 floors and will have to be viewed to be appreciated. It ...
LUXURY CONDITION - LANDSCAPED GARDEN - DRIVEWAY WITH GARAGE Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this four bedroom detached home located on Corver Crescent in the hugely popular Havannah Park development. This immaculate 'Whitebeam' style home from Bellway has a landscaped rear garden a...
"St John's Manor is home to our fantastic collection of beautiful new 3 bedroom homes. Located in the village of Callerton, an attractive area, with excellent transport links to Newcastle Upon Tyne and the surrounding areas. Available via shared ownership, Part buy, part rent, from as little as 25%"
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** FIVE BEDROOMS | SEMI DETACHED HOME | 21ft KITCHEN DINER Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this extended five bedroom semi detached property located on the highly regarded Bowfield Av...
"House Sales Direct are delighted to present this four-bedroom semi-detached house to the market in Newcastle upon Tyne. Offering plenty of space and ample parking in an ideal location, the property would be perfect for a family or any first-time buyer seeking to get on the property ladder."
SEMI DETACHED HOME - FOUR BEDROOMS - EXTENDED Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this extended semi detached home located on Heathfield Place in the ever popular Melton Park estate within Gosforth. This home is in a fantastic condition and has been extended to the rear and ov...
"FOUR BEDROOMS | DOUBLE DETACHED GARAGE | DETACHED FAMILY HOME Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this stunning four bedroom detached family home on Barmoor Drive on the Great Park, Gosforth. The property is immaculately presented throughout with 19ft lounge, en-s..."
"FOUR BEDROOMS | DETACHED FAMILY HOME | TWO EN SUITES | GARAGE & DRIVE Jan Forster Estates have the pleasure of welcoming this stunning ‘Pine’ from Bellway on Winder Drive in Havannah Park, with two en suites, ground floor WC and beautiful log burner. Havannah Park is a develop..."
"Living/Dining | Kitchen | Master Bedroom with en suite | Bedroom 2 | BathroomEnjoying a prime position in Jesmond, Newcastle upon Tyne, Pegasus Jesmond Assembly is a stylish collection of independent, later living apartments for people over 60 offering a fantastic selection of one and two bedroom..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates are pleased to welcome to the market, this immaculately presented, four-bedroom, detached family home located in the increasingly popular residential development of Moorfields, close-by to a range of amenities, schooling and transport links. Bright and spacious through..."
"BEST & FINAL OFFERS INVITED – To be received no later than 12.00pm on Wednesday 5th April to Bailey & Co. 89 St George’s Terrace, Jesmond, Newcastle upon Tyne NE2 2DN. Super stylish early Edwardian terrace with open plan living and modern fixtures and fittings! With period features throu..."
LARGE FAMILY HOME - BESPOKE FITTED KITCHEN - GARAGE AND ALLOCATED PARKING. Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this larger style townhouse located at the far end of Featherstone Grove on the Melbury development in Great Park. This property is positioned within the green area giving it...
"We are proud to present this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £425,000 - £450,000*"
" Living/Dining | Kitchen | Master Bedroom with en suite | Bedroom 2 | Bathroom | Balcony Situated in the leafy suburb of Jesmond in Newcastle, Jesmond Assembly is a stunning collection of 63 independent living homes exclusively for the over 60s, with a fantastic selection of one and two bedro..."
LARGE BUNGALOW - SUBSTANTIAL GARDENS - SEPARATE ANNEX ACCOMMODATION Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this semi detached bungalow located at the end of Milford Gardens on the edge of the ever popular Brunton Park estate. This fantastic home has some substantial garden space with view...
"""Space for any growing family"" This terraced property set on the much sought-after Ilford Road, Jesmond is the perfect opportunity to put your stamp on this family home. The Tour From the entrance hallway you have two re..."
We are delighted to bring to market this beautifully presented 5-bedroom family home within a popular residential area close to Whitley Bay. Internally the home offers a large welcoming hall which leads to two reception rooms and dining kitchen. The ground floor is comprised of a living room ben...
" VIEWING COMES STRONGLY RECOMMENDED ON THIS OUTSTANDING 4 BEDROOM LINK SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED ON THE HIGHLY DESIRABLE RESIDENTIAL LOCATION. The property is conveniently placed for access to an abundance of amenities including schools, shops and transport links. The tastefully exten..."
"Beautiful family home The Acacia includes FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, two with EN SUITES, a spacious OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area, INTEGRATED kitchen APPLIANCES, an integral GARAGE and more. Discover more about this new home today."
"*NEW RELEASE* The Trillium is an impressive 4-bedroom home with an INTEGRAL GARAGE. The generous OPEN-PLAN kitchen, family and dining area with UTILITY ROOM offers masses of space for cooking and relaxation with FRENCH DOORS opening into the west facing garden. "
Extended and much improved 5 bedroom house on the fantastic Abbey Farm estate...
This portfolio of 3 apartments forms part of one end of terrace building and have been a successful rental for many years and is being sold as a whole and is ideally suited for investors looking for properties in this sought after suburb which is popular with students and professionals alike. 
LUXURY CONDITION - LANDSCAPED GARDEN - DRIVEWAY WITH GARAGE Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this four bedroom detached home located on Stoneman Court in the hugely popular Havannah Park development. This immaculate 'Whitebeam' style home from Bellway has a luxury landscaped rear g...
CASH BUYER INCENTIVE If you are a cash buyer and purchase this property we will instruct you with one of our panel of solicitors and pay their fee! Terms & Conditions apply - contact us for more information
"The Trillium is an impressive family home with THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS plus a single with ENSUITE to bedroom 1 and 2. The generous OPEN-PLAN kitchen, family and dining area with UTILITY offers masses of space as the hub of the home plus front facing living room for relaxing. Plus INTEGRAL GARAGE "
"Designed with flexibility in mind the OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN DINER opens out into the WEST FACING GARDEN through FRENCH DOORS. From entertaining guests in the LARGE LIVING AREAS to working from home in the STUDY, you’ll love the multi-purpose rooms that adapt to your needs. With 4 SPACIOUS DOUBLE BEDR..."
"Offer of the month The Lorimer features an OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with UTILITY ROOM. A separate living room, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS with TWO EN SUITE shower rooms and a stylish family bathroom off an open landing. Discover more about this BRAND NEW CHAIN FREE HOME today"
"END TERRACED FAMILY HOME. Situated on the ever popular North Gosforth Park Estate, Cheltenham Close must be seen. The immaculate accommodation will suit those looking for affordable modern living. The layout comprises :- entrance hall, ground flo..."
"Step into the spacious Radleigh home and you will find an impressive entrance hall. The OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN/ DINER/ FAMILY ROOM with FRENCH DOORS to the garden is the hub of the home. There's also a comfortable lounge, separate HOME OFFICE, UTILITY ROOM and some handy under stairs storage space. U..."
"Bayford - DOUBLE GARAGE, lounge with BAY WINDOW, OPEN PLAN kitchen/breakfast/utility room, FRENCH DOORS to garden & downstairs WC. DRESSING ROOM & ENSUITE to main bedroom, BED 2 ENSUITE, 3 further DOUBLE bedrooms, family bathroom. A REAL WOW FACTOR. Everything you need for your dream home with t..."
" Superb FAMILY HOME with 3 doubles & 2 singles, modern OPEN PLAN kitchen, flexible ..."
"The Radleigh home offers an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN/breakfast and SPACIOUS LOUNGE which is flooded with light from the FRENCH DOORS. A separate study is ideal when working from home. Upstairs there are 4 SPACIOUS DOUBLE BEDROOMS, the main complete with EN SUITE. Completing this home is a modern family ..."
"*NEW RELEASE* The Lunaria boasts FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS with EN SUITE to the master plus stylish family bathroom. OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with useful UTILITY ROOM, FRENCH DOORS on the garden and spacious living room."
LAST REMAINING PLOT North Carol Wood - exclusive development - plots available from £250k - £300k Please call Bridgfords Ponteland 01661-860300 to register interest and reserve
This fantastic two bedroom semi-detached house occupies an extremely generous plot with the benefit of a detached garage and gated access to the substantial south east facing mature garden. The front of the property offers ample off street parking and lawn as well as access to the garage. Upon en...
"A well presented four bedroom detached house located within this popular residential development close to the Freeman Hospital providing easy access into Central Gosforth, Jesmond and South Gosforth metro. The property occupies a pleasant cul de sac position with lovely gardens and ample off stre..."
"**360 VIRTUAL TOUR** - DESIRABLE LOCATION - EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED HOME - THREE BEDROOMS Brunton Residential are delighted to welcome to the market this beautifully presented semi-detached home located on Polwarth Road within the ever-popular Brunton Park estate, just off the Great North Road..."
"We are delighted to offer to the market this three bedroom semi-detached property on a highly sought after street in Darras Hall. Boasting beautiful gardens front and rear as well as garage space, workshop and greenhouse this plot must be viewed. Upon entry of the property there is a sizeable sec..."
"FIVE BEDROOMS | IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT | DOUBLE DETACHED GARAGE Jan Forster Estates welcome to the market this STUNNING 5 bedroom terraced family home on Featherstone Grove in the Great Park, Gosforth, with two en suites, South facing rear garden and a double detached garage. Th..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this beautiful family home in Nuthatch Close on Five Mile Park, with stunning rear garden and detached garage. The property has a wealth of local amen..."
"An impressive 4 bedroom detached home with garage on the popular Heritage Green estate in Backworth. This lovely family home is beautifully presented and is exceptionally well connected by road and rail. Northumberland Park Metro Station is close by, offering direct services to the City Centre a..."
DETACHED HOME - EXTENDED TO THE REAR - LARGE GARDENS. Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached home located on Dunnock Place in Five Mile Park. This property is situated at the end of a cul-de-sac and has been heavily extended to create a fantastic famil...
"This a superb opportunity to purchase this excellent home located within Great Park, Gosforth. Close to excellent local schools, Featherstone Grove is conveniently situated close to the local shops, public transport links, access to the A1 western bypass and the shopping of Gosforth High Str..."
"Step inside The Bradgate and you'll discover an impressive four bedroom family home. A light and SPACIOUS LOUNGE with a BAY WINDOW provides a great space for all the family, while an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN offers dining and family areas with walk in bay and FRENCH DOORS that open onto the rear garden...."
 
**360 VIRTUAL TOUR** - DESIRABLE LOCATION - DETACHED HOME - 4 BEDROOMS Brunton Residential are delighted to welcome to the market this beautifully presented four bedroom detached home on Paddock Lane in Killingworth. This Bellway 'Rowan' has been finished to a high standard and has a large ...
SEMI DETACHED - FIVE BEDROOM - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this semi detached home located on Manor Grove in Benton. This property has been developed to create an additional bedroom in the loft space and has been finished to an excellent standard within on...
"Brand new to the sales market is this gorgeous four bedroom, detached home, boasting modern décor and styling throughout. Ideally situated on Military Close, Killingworth, the property benefits from being in proximity to local amenities such as a range of shops, schooling, and strong road links, ..."
"This well proportioned, six bedroom home, is ideally situated on Rothwell Road, Gosforth. Rothwell Road, which is perfectly placed just off Church Road and also a stone’s throw from Gosforth High Street, provides excellent access to everything central Gosforth has to offer including its sho..."
Four bedroom detached house in the popular estate of St Johns and offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN....
"The detached Manford is a 4 bedroom home with a modern layout, built with families in mind."
"Constructed in 1938, Moor Court, a landmark Art Deco Mansion Block, occupies a prestigious Westfield address, and has endured as one of Central Gosforth’s most desirable apartment buildings. The location is notable, close to the green open spaces of The Town Moor, and within reach of both A..."
"An impressive four bedroom semi-detached family home with many period features and a stunning garden, this charming cottage is the perfect opportunity for someone looking for a home full of character. Ideally located in the pleasant village of Heddon-on-the-Wall within the picturesque Tyne Valley..."
"OPEN PLAN LIVING & SUPER STYLISH PRESENTATION! This three bedroom, 1950's semi-detached family home is ideally located on the south backing side of Eddleston Avenue, Gosforth. Fully refurbished by the current owner the property is situated close to local schools and is well positioned to give eas..."
"Within walking distance of Newcastle City Centre and bustling with period charm, this super stylish Victorian terrace is purpose built over three storeys and ideally located on Salisbury Gardens, Jesmond Vale. Close to excellent local schools, Salisbury Gardens is perfectly placed to give access ..."
"The Harris extends over four floors and features an open-plan kitchen, living and dining room, as well as a handy cloakroom on the ground floor. Each of the remaining floors has a double bedroom, and each bedroom has an en suite and a built-in wardrobe. French doors in the living area open on to ..."
"The Alder features an OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS to the garden, UTILITY ROOM and downstairs cloakroom. Separate living room overlooking the front of the property. FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS with an EN SUITE and DRESSING AREA to the master plus modern family bathroom. "
A beautiful extended property with an enviable open plan layout and fabulous South facing aspect. The front door opens to a convenient porch and hallway leading to a stylish open plan dining room with French doors to the sitting room. There is an opening to the living room with an impressive vaul...
" TWO BEDROOM FOURTH FLOOR APARTMENT Living/Dining/Kitchen | Bedroom with ensuite | Bedroom two | Bathroom | Juliet balcony Enjoying a prime position in Jesmond, Newcastle upon Tyne, Pegasus Jesmond Assembly is a stylish collection of independent, later living apartments for people over 60 ..."
"The New York loft in Newcastle City Centre. Exposed brickwork, real wooden floors and views over the city from every window. This penthouse duplex is located on the top floors of Phoenix House, Queen Street, on Newcastle’s Quayside. Neighbouring establishments include renowned e..."
"Superb extended property - must be viewed! Situated in Ponteland Village this semi detached property offers spacious versatile accommodating comprising of entrance hall, family room, lounge, dining room, re-fitted kitchen, external utility and separate wc. To the first floor four bedro..."
" Living/Dining | Kitchen | Master Bedroom with en suite | Bedroom 2 | Bathroom | Juliet Balcony Situated in the leafy suburb of Jesmond in Newcastle, Jesmond Assembly is a stunning collection of 63 independent living homes exclusively for the over 60s, with a fantastic selection of one and two..."
£1000 TOWARDS YOUR MONTHLY MORTGAGE FOR 12 MONTHS** - DETACHED HOME - FOUR BEDROOMS Brunton residential are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom newly built home within the popular Moorfields by Bellway homes. This property is still under construction with an estimated completion dat...
"The Rowan is a 4-bedroom home that features an open-plan kitchen, dining and family area, a separate living room, an en suite to bedroom 1 and a modern family bathroom. Moorfields is a development of new homes in Killingworth, situated close to North Gosforth and within convenient comm..."
Beautifully presented 4 bedroom detached house located in Newcastle upon Tyne. Comprises of: Warm and welcoming porch Well-appointed modern kitchen/diner with base and wall units Bright and spacious living room Utility room for essential appliances Generously s...
***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** STUNNING SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME set within a highly desirable location and offering off street driveway parking and beautifully landscaped front and rear gardens. Refurbished by the current owners to...
"The Wortham is a spacious four bedroom home, the modern layout makes this an ideal choice for growing families"
"This family home has a delightfully traditional feel from the outside, while inside, the LARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with its dining and family areas is designed very much for modern living. FRENCH DOORS gives access to the garden and there is also a SEPARATE UTILITY. The bright and airy lounge, with..."
"Experience Exceptional. THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, ENSUITE, EXCLUSIVE KITCHEN DESIGNS with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, SEPARATE HOME OFFICE AREA. OPEN PLAN and DESIGN-LED LIVING."
"**Investment Opportunity**Four Apartments**Rear Yard & Garage** Currently arranged as four separate one bedroom apartments, this four storey mid nineteenth century terraced town house is well located within walking distance or Newcastle University, The RVI, and Newcastle City Centre amenities..."
Immaculately presented four bedroom detached property with two reception rooms and a good sized south westerly facing rear garden.
** FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS - SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN - SOLAR PANELS - EN-SUITE -REFITTED KITCHEN - LARGE CONSERVATORY - VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE **
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** FULLY REFURBISHED AND IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT | NO ONWARD CHAIN | 22FT KITCHEN DINER Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this significantly extended and sympathetically remodelled four be...
"A modern four bedroom detached house located within this sought after residential development in Gosforth. The property would appeal to a variety of potential purchasers and benefits from lovely gardens, ample off street parking and garage. Additional key features include modern kitchen, ground f..."
"This family home has a delightfully traditional feel from the outside, while inside, the large open-plan kitchen with its dining and family areas is designed very much for modern living. French doors gives access to the garden and there is also a separate utility. The bright and airy lounge, with..."
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED 4 BED FREEHOLD DETACHED HOUSE BUILT 2020 TO THE 'JUNIPER' PLAN. uPVC double glazing, gas ch, (combi.), dining kitchen, utility room, en-suite shower room to master bedroom, family bathroom with separate shower cubicle, burglar alarm, rear garden 46ft x 38ft."
"Signature North East is thrilled to present to the sales market this gorgeous four-bedroom detached family home located on Dunnock Place in Wideopen. The property features contemporary decor and stylish finishes, creating a sleek and sophisticated atmosphere throughout the spacious rooms. Perfect..."
"Apartment 1 Ashbury house is a spacious apartment on the ground and lower floor, there is access to the beautiful gardens from both floors. This apartment has been converted in a unique way giving lots of open spaces with a fabulous cathedral ceiling, conservatory and outdoor living area. The flo..."
" A stylish two bedroom apartment ideally located in this exclusive luxury development, which is situated at Adderstone Court in Jesmond. Originally constructed by Miller Homes in 2000, the property is located within one of the most sought-after apartment developments within the City. Adderst..."
"A well presented, three/four bedroom semi-detached property situated in a quiet area within woolsington village. The property benefits from being close to local schools, shops and amenities. The flexible arrangement briefly comprises living room with feature bay window, dining room, well equ..."
"Well presented spacious semi-detached three-bedroom bungalow, occupying a pleasant position within the popular Briardene Crescent in Gosforth. The property also benefits from being sold with no upper chain. Close to major transport links with access to both North & South of the region, the City o..."
"A superb remodelled and fully refurbished four bedroom town house located within Regent Road, Lesley Court, close to Gosforth High Street. The property offers versatile accommodation over three floors to suite a variety of potential purchasers. Key features include 32ft open plan kitchen/sitting ..."
"This beautifully presented bungalow benefits from no onward chain and a magnificent plot. The front door opens to a welcoming hallway giving access to a wonderful living room with dining area and door to the garden room. There is an elegant modern breakfast kitchen, modern shower room, three size..."
"This 3 bedroomed detached house occupies a fabulous position, with open aspect over surrounding countryside to the front. Well maintained, there is scope for cosmetic updating and a wonderful opportunity to create a superb family house to the successful purchaser's own taste and requirements. The..."
"This semi-detached family home is located in the popular corner of Gosforth with a wonderful south facing garden, three bedrooms and two reception areas, which will suit a wide range of buyers and will have to be viewed to be appreciated. Accommodation comprises: Ground Floo..."
"Boasting almost 1,900 Sq ft, a well presented three storey townhouse ideally located on Featherstone Grove, within Great Park, Gosforth. Close to excellent local schools, Featherstone Grove is conveniently situated close to the local shops, public transport links, access to the A1 western bypass ..."
"Desirable detached dwelling within sought after location, close to public transport routes and local schools. Superbly presented home with significant additional upgrades chosen when built in 2017. Walking into the tiled ground floor hall, the deco is light and inviting. To the right is the liv..."
"Jan Forster Estates are delighted to bring to the market this beautifully presented four bedroom detached home in Killingworth Village. With a double garage, three reception rooms, and a driveway for multiple vehicles, this property will appeal to a variety of buyers. The property is located in a..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates are pleased to welcome to the market, this well-presented, four-bedroom, detached family home situated within the increasingly popular residential development of Moorfields in Killingworth. Close to local schools, bridleways, parks and a Miller & Carter restaurant and bar..."
"Signature North East is proud to welcome this beautifully presented four bedroom stone built cottage to the sales market. Located in the heart of Killingworth Village, West Farm Cottage boasts spacious living over three floors, a wealth of charm and character and a well maintained South / West fa..."
" ***EARLY VIEWING ADVISED*** AVAILABLE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN THIS GENEROUSLY PROPORTIONED 3 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED ON THE HIGHLY DESIRABLE JESMOND PARK WEST. The accommodation comprises: Entrance hall, downstairs WC, lounge, dining room and a living/dining kitchen. To the fi..."
"OVERLOOKING OPEN SPACE, this family home has a delightfully traditional feel from the outside, while inside, the LARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with its dining and family areas is designed very much for modern living. FRENCH DOORS gives access to the garden and there is also a SEPARATE UTILITY. The brig..."
" """" Let until July 2023"""" """" Rental £2400 PCM"""" """" HMO Licensed"""" Well presented five bedroom period maisonette is ideally located in the highly desirable area of Jesmond, always ever popular with the students due to its location, within close proximity to W..."
"WELL PRESENTED TWO BEDROOM HOUSE WITH GARDEN AND DRIVEWAY. Within easy reach of local amenities including bus routes, road links, local shops and schools. The property comprises:- entrance porch, hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen, two double bedro..."
"Enjoy family life in the 4 bedroom Coltham, with an integral garage and the extra space you need."
"The Lilac features THREE DOUBLE bedrooms with an EN SUITE to the master and modern family bathroom. An OPEN-PLAN kitchen and dining area with UTILITY ROOM, FRENCH DOORS to the garden for socialising plus separate LIVING ROOM with BAY WINDOW and dedicated STUDY for home working. Find out more today"
"The Bowyer features 3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS with one single and EN SUITE to the master. OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with adjoining UTILITY ROOM with external access and FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden ideal for entertaining. Spacious separate front facing living room."
*NEW RELEASE* The Pargeter features large OPEN PLAN living space with spacious kitchen / dining / family area with FRENCH DOORS opening into the rear garden and adjoining UTILITY ROOM with external access. A spacious living room with SNUG area and EN SUITE to the master bedroom.
"Sherwood - BAY WINDOWED lounge, OPEN PLAN kitchen/breakfast/family room, FRENCH DOORS to garden, separate LAUNDRY room, WC, GARAGE & PARKING. EN-SUITE & DRESSING ROOM to MASTER, EN-SUITE to the bed two, 2 further DOUBLE bedrooms & family bathroom. This 4 bedroom family home benefits from a b..."
"Baywood - FEATURE STAIRCASE, OPEN PLAN kitchen, separate LAUNDRY room, dining with FRENCH DOORS to garden, lounge with BAY WINDOW, STUDY & WC. Master EN-SUITE, two further DOUBLE bedrooms, 1 single bedroom & family bathroom. GARAGE & PARKING. This magnificent home will impress from the start wit..."
"The Bowyer, an attractive family home, includes a large OPEN PLAN kitchen, family, and dining area with elegant FRENCH DOORS, useful UTILITY ROOM and separate living room. FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS across a spacious landing with an ENSUITE to the master and modern family bathroom."
A beautifully presented four bedroom detached home pleasantly situated within a cul de sac setting on this exclusive estate within Kenton Bank Foot. The house was built by Avant homes three years ago and is sure to appeal to a family. The property is immaculately presented throughout and briefly ...
"Backworth enjoys ready access to Newcastle Upon Tyne via road and Metro network links, which makes it ideal for commuters and those who enjoy the restaurants and amenities of the nearby city. The village itself offers shops, pubs and a primary school which has been rated “Good&rd..."
"New to the market this immaculately presented 5 bedroom detached family home situated in the sought-after area of West Allotment, North Tyneside. This desirable property is to be sold with no upper chain and comprises of 4 double bedrooms, 5th bedroom/office, 2 bathrooms, a well appointed kitc..."
Four Bedroom detached House on The Chesters ...
A superb extended four bedroom detached house occupying a prime corner plot position within this residential cul de sac in Tudor Grange. The property is ideally suited for a growing family benefitting from two reception rooms and four double bedrooms. There is a quality fitted breakfasting kitche...
" Spacious DETACHED family home with MULTIPLE LIVING spaces, large open plan kitchen/dining room and FOUR GENEROUS BEDROOMS"
"Oakwood - GARAGE & PARING, BAY WINDOWED lounge, LARGE OPEN PLAN family kitchen/dining, french doors to garden, STUDY, separate LAUNDRY & WC. GALLERY LANDING, 4 DOUBLE bedrooms, ENSUITE to main bedroom & family bathroom. The striking bay windowed lounge and inviting family kitchen, with french do..."
"The Maple features an EN SUITE to the master bedroom plus a modern family bathroom, an OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area, a spacious LIVING ROOM with a SINGLE GARAGE and more. Havannah Park is a development of new homes in Hazlerigg, Newcastle-upon-Tyne, set against open countryside."
"The Cutler features 3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS with one single and EN SUITE to the large master. OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden ideal for entertaining. A spacious front facing living room to relax with cloakroom and single INTEGRAL GARAGE completing the home."
"FOR SALE!! Rare opportunity has come to the market Newminster road, corner plot with great potential "
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** SIX BEDROOM PROPERTY | DETACHED | EN SUITE | FREEHOLD Jan Forster Estates welcome this rare to the market six bedroom detached family home on Windsor Court in Kingston Park with en suite, three reception room..."
"STYLISH PENTHOUSE CONVERSION APARTMENT OFFERING WONDEFUL VIEWS TOWARDS ST.GEORGES CHURCH, IMPRESSIVE OPEN PLAN LOUNGE/DINER, BEAUTIFUL RE-FITTED KITCHEN/DINER, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, BATHROOM + RE-FITTED EN-SUITE & NO ONWARD CHAIN! This generous two-bedroom conversion apartment is centrally loc..."
The Cutler features THREE DOUBLE bedrooms plus a single with EN SUITE to the master bedroom. Spacious OPEN PLAN kitchen / dining room with adjoining family area and FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden creating a very social space for the family. Front facing living room and INTEGRAL GARAGE...
"The Gardenia offers THREE DOUBLE bedrooms with an EN SUITE to the master. A spacious kitchen, dining and family area that is ideally suited to entertaining with FRENCH DOORS to the garden. There's also an INTEGRAL GARAGE."
"PUBLIC NOTICE Andrew Craig are now in receipt of an offer for the sum of £200,000 for 6 Lynemouth Way, Great Park, NE13 9GA. Anyone wishing to place an offer on this property should contact Andrew Craig, 171 High Street, Gosforth, NE3 1HE, bef..."
"The Cutler benefits from THREE DOUBLE bedrooms with EN SUITE to the master, OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area ideal for socialising with FRENCH DOORS opening into the rear garden with a separate living room. Single Garage."
The Angelica boasts a spacious kitchen diner ideal for growing families with FRENCH DOORS. UTILITY ROOM with outside access. The living room is dual aspect and overlooks both the front and rear gardens. Part Exchange considered.
"**NEW RELEASE** The Gardenia offers THREE DOUBLE bedrooms with an EN SUITE to the master. A spacious kitchen, dining and family area that is ideally suited to entertaining with FRENCH DOORS opening to the garden. Front facing living room and INTEGRAL GARAGE. Discover more about this home today"
"The Milliner premium family home with FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS and EN SUITE to the master. Large OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden. Spacious living room with additional FRENCH DOORS accessing the garden providing additional light."
"The Earsdon is a beautiful family home that embraces desirable design features with TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and two singles with ENSUITE to the master. OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden. Front facing living room with striking BAY WINDOW and downstairs cloak"
"We are delighted to offer this well presented four bedroom semi-detached house situated in Grainger park close to local amenities and excellent transport links. The accommodation briefly comprises:- Entrance hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility room, conservatory, stairs to first flo..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** FOUR BEDROOMS | DETACHED FAMILY HOME | GARAGE & OFF STREET PARKING Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this four bedroom detached home on Jedburgh Close in Chapel Park with 27ft lounge ...
"Signature North East are delighted to welcome this wonderful three bedroom, semi detached home to the sales market, boasting exceptionally spacious living, and tasteful styling and décor throughout. Situated on the desirable Polwarth Road, Gosforth, this delightful property is in the perfect loca..."
"FOUR BEDROOMS - ENTENDED TO REAR - EXCELLENT POSITION Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom home located on Peacock Chase in the heart of the ever popular great park. This home has been extended to the rear and sits on an excellent plot, set back from the road ..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** THREE BEDROOMS | DETACHED GARAGE | SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this three bedroom semi detached property located on Bowfield Avenue in the highly regarded ...
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to bring to the market this stunning remodelled three bedroom semi-detached house. Located within Brunton Park- an extremely sought after residential area, the property is close to ex..."
"A GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE ONE OF THE MORE UNIQUE STYLE OF DETACHED HOUSES ON THIS POPULAR RESIDENTIAL ESTATE. Benefitting from a fabulous Orangery Extension to the rear, on a generous and well positioned plot. This four bedroom family home curre..."
"Immaculately presented contemporary four bedroom detached family home is ideally positioned for access to Newcastle City Centre, A1 North / South road links, and Newcastle Airport as well as conveniently located in a popular residential area, within close proximity to well-regarded schools and lo..."
"A 3 bedroom semi detached, dormer bungalow within an excellent location in the sought after village of Ponteland. The Entrance porch leads to the Lounge, with living flame gas fire with cast metal surround, bay window to front and double doors to the Kitchen. Door to Bedroom 1 with bay window to ..."
**STONE BUILT BARN CONVERSION*LOCATED IN A SMALL CUL-DE-SAC IN A SEMI RURAL VILLAGE*DOUBLE DETACHED GARAGE*THREE BEDROOMS*LOUNGE WITH FEATURE PICTURE WINDOW*MODERN KITCHEN*EN-SUITE BATHROOM AND SHOWER ROOM/WC*PATIO GARDEN*RARE TO THE MARKET**VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED**
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** LUXURY CONDITION | FOUR BEDROOMS | DETACHED FAMILY HOME | SUBSTANTIAL PLOT Jan Forster Estates have the pleasure of welcoming this stunning ‘Walnut’ from Bellway on Collier Gardens in Havannah Park, with fou..."
" BBeautiful and spacious four bedroom extended detached family home situated in the sought after area Killingworth. The property is close to local amenities, schools and transport links. This tastefully presented home briefly comprises: entrance hall, downstairs W/C, lounge, large modern kitch..."
"An impressive semi detached three bedroom family home is located within the sought-after area on the popular Lealholm Road in Longbenton. Close to major transport links with access to both North & South of the region, the City of Newcastle Upon Tyne, as well as being within a short distance to ..."
"Investment Opportunity | HMO in Place | Currently rented for 2023/24 at £120 pppw | Yearly income of over £31,000 per annum"
"Brand new two-bedroom apartment, benefitting from a prime location in Jesmond. You'll become part of a thriving community. Independent later living exclusively for people over 60. "
**DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOUSE*LARGE MODERN DINING KITCHEN*POPULAR RESIDENTIAL ESTATE*LOUNGE*CLOAKS/WC*MASTER WITH EN-SUITE*BATHROOM/WCFRONT AND REAR GARDENS*GARAGE AND DOUBLE DRIVE **VIEWING RECOMMENDED**
"An impressive detached four bedroom family home is located within a highly sought-after residential community of Great Park in the ever-popular area of Gosforth. Close to major transport links with access to both North & South of the region, the City of Newcastle Upon Tyne, as well as being withi..."
Wonderfully presented 4 bedroom detached home in Forest Hall Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Downstairs WC Bright and airy dual aspect lounge Spacious dining room Conservatory to the rear with patio doors opening to garden Recently refurb...
"Love Lane is a little-known block of just 33 apartments, set directly opposite the Sage Gateshead on the iconic and highly sought after Newcastle Quayside. This marvellous apartment enjoys a southerly aspect, with a balcony offering fabulous panoramic views across the water and the many bridges l..."
" Living/Dining | Kitchen | Master Bedroom with en suite | Bedroom 2 | Bathroom | Juliet Balcony Situated in the leafy suburb of Jesmond in Newcastle, Jesmond Assembly is a stunning collection of 63 independent living homes exclusively for the over 60s, with a fantastic selection of one and tw..."
"STUNNING FAMILY HOME in PONTELAND. Three DOUBLE BEDROOMS with EN-SUITE shower room to the master. An OPEN-PLAN kitchen and dining area, separate living room with FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden and much more. Ask us about our EXPRESS MOVER scheme - we can help you to make your move hassle-free."
"The ground floor features an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN WITH DINING/FAMILY AREA, UTILITY ROOM and FRENCH DOORS that open onto the garden. The BRIGHT AND WELL-DESIGNED LOUNGE is perfect for you to relax in with large windows that lets the light stream into the room. Upstairs, you will find a principal bedr..."
"Positioned in a cul de sac with a detached garage, the 4 bedroom Midford offers a layout ideal for modern living."
"On the ground floor you will find an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with FRENCH DOORS to the garden and a light and AIRY LOUNGE, also with FRENCH DOORS. There is also a SEPARATE DINING ROOM and some handy under stair storage. Upstairs you will find the main bedroom with en suite, two further double bedrooms ..."
"*STAR PLOTS* The Cutler benefits from THREE DOUBLE bedrooms with EN SUITE to the master, OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area ideal for socialising with FRENCH DOORS opening into the rear garden with a separate living room. A single garage completes this home."
"Signature North East are delighted to welcome this gorgeous semi-detached, four-bedroom home, boasting tasteful modern décor and spacious living throughout. Desirably located on Pont View, Ponteland, the property is in the perfect location, within proximity to a range of handy local amenities inc..."
"The Sculptor features TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS with an EN SUITE shower room to the master plus a stylish family bathroom. A generous living room with elegant FRENCH DOORS opening into the garden, OPEN PLAN kitchen and dining area with a SECOND SET of FRENCH DOORS and dedicated STUDY."
"Receive up to £17,300 mortgage contribution when you reserve Plot 6 The Foxglove* MOVE IN FOR EARLY SUMMER. Sought-after plot with west-facing generous garden on a PRIVATE DRIVE. This family home benefits from a SPACIOUS OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN and DINING AREA with BI-FOLD DOORS leading to the garden."
"Signature North east are proud to present this unique, three-bedroom, Penthouse in the heart of Newcastle city centre, boasting tasteful décor and open-plan living. Ideally located with an array of useful amenities just a stone’s throw away, such as shops, bars, restaurants, and supermarkets. Thi..."
Three bedroom detached house with the garage having been converted to a fourth bedroom in Haydon Grange.
" We are excited to present to you this substantial, extended stone built, detached, five bedroom plus study, Dunelm family home. This particular ""Fairfield"" style has fabulous versatility and room sizes throughout, the property boasts a spacious hallway, downstairs cloaks/wc., separate dining r..."
"Ben Charles Ltd are delighted to market this well-appointed, three bedroom, duplex apartment with stunning views over the River Tyne. The chain free penthouse benefits from secondary glazing and is situated within the popular Turnbull Building, built circa 1896, and converted into apartments in 2..."
"This fabulous home benefits from no onward chain, a newly built detached garage, driveway and a lovely outlook over the green to the front. There is a welcoming entrance hall giving access to a contemporary modern dining kitchen, a convenient ground floor WC with utility area and comfortable dual..."
"*REDUCED* THREE/FOUR BEDROOM....DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS DORMER STYLE BUNGALOW WITH FANTASTIC SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN. Situated on Granville Drive, a quiet residential street in Forest Hall, well placed for access to transport links, shops and sc..."
"A very unique and spacious apartment which makes up part of a beautiful Georgian grade II listed house built in 1734 and occupies the first and second floor, packed with lovely features throughout. This property boasts very generously sized rooms with high ceilings which provide a light and open ..."
"Signature North East are proud to present this fabulous four bedroom detached home, which displays a modern, sleek look throughout. Ideally situated on Colliery Close, Benton, the property benefits from being located within proximity of a range of useful amenities including strong transport links..."
"We welcome to the market this extended semi detached house located in Fenham. The property also benefits from a summer house to the rear garden. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of porch, hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen, WC, sun room, orangery and utility. To the f..."
"Designed for family life, the 4 bedroom Coltham is perfect for family life with internal garage and private driveway."
"Signature North East are proud to welcome this four bedroom, detached family home on Greenrigg Place, Shiremoor. With immaculate presentation, tasteful decoration and spacious rooms spread over three floors, this home presents an ideal opportunity to acquire a family home in this area. The proper..."
"SHOW HOME- SOLD AS SEEN- Book appointment to view today. The Lupin show home at Meadow Hill, Throckley Phase 1 is an outstanding FOUR bedroom home with GARAGE and private parking. SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN KITCHEN, DINING AND FAMILY AREA with BI-FOLD DOORS leading to the GENEROUS GARDEN. "
"This detached town house is located on Ascot Drive in North Gosforth. This stunning home is in immaculate condition and has easy access to a host of local amenities with restaurants, bars, shops and schools to cater for all ages on hand, There are great road links and really good public..."
Located within the sought after area of Newcastle Quayside is this fantastic two bedroom flat for sale. The property offers contemporary design and spacious living areas throughout as well as stunning views of the River Tyne and surrounding areas. The apartment begins with an entrance h...
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are pleased to welcome to the market this beautifully presented two bedroom house in the highly sought after Northumbrian Way in Killingworth. Positioned in a great location, convenient fo..."
"Immaculately presented 1930's semi detached family home located on the sought after Mountfield Gardens, Kenton. This property offers a wealth of benefits including transport links to Gosforth High Street and Newcastle City Centre, within close proximity to well regarded schools and walking distan..."
"Heaton Property is delighted to bring this outstanding 4 bedroom Freehold house to the sales market.
Stunningly presented and deceptively spacious, we truly believe this to be one of the most unique and desirable properties in South Heaton. ..."
"The Walnut is an impressive detached home featuring an OPEN-PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden plus separate LIVING ROOM with BAY WINDOW, TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with a shower EN SUITE to the master. a GARAGE completes this home. Ask about our Express Mover "
"Semi-detached three bedroom house, with two reception rooms, one bathroom, generous gardens, and development potential. An unusual, spacious, and comfortable family home, with double glazing throughout, original features and potential for substantial development, as well as very close proximit..."
Wonderfully presented 4 bedroom detached home in Holystone Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Downstairs WC Bright and airy living room Modern and well-appointed kitchen with good space for living and dining Master double bedroom with built-in wa...
"Signature North East are delighted to welcome to the sales market this superb, four bedroom, detached family home. Situated on a desirable plot within the sought-after residential estate of Forest Gate, Forest Hall, this property benefits from being in close proximity to a range of useful ameniti..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduces to market this four-bedroom detached family home with garage and spacious rear garden in the popular residential area of Forest Gate, NE12. Close-by to a range of local amenities, transport links and schooling. Beautifully presented throughout, comprising o..."
"A superb opportunity to purchase this three bedroom 1930's semi-detached family home is ideally located on Kenton Lane, Kenton. Kenton Lane, close to local schooling, is perfectly placed and provides ideal family accommodation with immediate access to the A1 western bypass and is also close t..."
"A superbly presented larger style five bedroom semi detached house located on Milvain Avenue, Fenham. The property is impressive from the moment your walk through the front door, with a spacious and inviting hallway giving access to the the three reception rooms. The main lounge is situated to th..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduces to market this immaculately presented, four-bedroom, detached family home situated on a substantial corner plot with driveway and attached garage. Located in the popular residential area of Forest Hall, close-by to a wide range of amenities, schooling and excel..."
"This semi detached family home enjoys a corner position within Brunton Park within Gosforth that will appeal to a wide range of buyers and offers off street parking, garage and gardens. Accommodation comprises: Ground floor: Entrance hallway, sitting room, dining room, kitch..."
" AVAILABLE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN THIS OUTSTANDING 3 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME OCCUPYING A CORNER PLOT ON THE HIGHLY DESIRABLE DAYLESFORD DRIVE. The property is conveniently situated for access to several amenities including The Freeman Hospital, Paddy Freeman's Park and David Lloyd Fitness C..."
A well appointed traditional semi detached house located within the popular Grange Park development in Gosforth. The property is ideally suited for a growing family and has been remodelled by the current owner with the garage being converted into a kitchen. There is a good size westerly facing ga...
"LOVELY SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH OPEN PLAN LOUNGE, KITCHEN & DINER, TWO BEDROOMS, BATHROOM, EXTENDED ATTIC ROOM & DELIGHTFUL WALLED REAR GARDENS with ALLOCATED COVERED PARKING SPACE! This great two bedroom bungalow is ideally located at the desirable Castle Farm Mews, Jesmond. Castle Far..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduces to market this newly-renovated, three bedroom, semi-detached family home, situated close-by to Killingworth Village with a range of amenities, transport links and schooling. Renovated throughout to a high standard, comprising of an entrance hallway, living r..."
"A delightful mid terraced town house which retains period features whilst having been stylishly modernised and upgraded. It is located in a crescent with an open aspect and is within walking distance to the RVI, there are local shops close by, and the city centre is easily accessible, offering a ..."
"STAR PLOT Living/Dining | Kitchen | Master Bedroom | Bedroom 2 | Bathroom | Juliette Balcony Situated in the leafy suburb of Jesmond in Newcastle, Jesmond Assembly is a stunning collection of 63 independent living homes exclusively for the over 60s, with a fantastic selection of one and two..."
"Brand new to the sales market is this four-bedroom, first floor maisonette. This beautifully presented home offers modern, spacious living over two floors, with numerous luxurious features and incredibly tasteful styling and décor throughout. Located on Forsyth Road, Jesmond, it benefits from a b..."
RARE TO THE MARKET - Unique apartment over two floors in Norwood Court
"A super stylish three bedroom semi detached house with lovely southerly facing garden, ample off street parking and garage. The property has been remodelled and fully refurbished to offer a range of quality fixtures and fittings throughout and is ideally suited for a growing family. It is well po..."
"Best and final offers by 16:00, on Friday 31st March 2023 A very well appointed and extended four bedroom semi detached house occupying a generous corner plot within this popular residential road in Garden village Gosforth. The property offers generous accommodation throughout with the additio..."
"Large and spacious detached home, situated in a popular development being to local shops as well as schools, bus routes, and metro links including Four Lane Ends that allows for easy access into Newcastle City Centre and the Coast. Ideal family home or first time buy."
" Superb FAMILY HOME with open plan kitchen and INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, flexible living spaces, and an INTERNAL GARAGE store"
"This home is ideal for growing families. Oversized windows and FRENCH DOORS make the ground floor of this home bright and airy. The LARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN AND DINING AREA is a great space to spend meal times together. Upstairs you will find THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, with EN SUITE to the main bedro..."
The Mercer benefits from TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with an EN SUITE with shower to the master plus stylish family bathroom. OPEN PLAN kitchen dining area with useful UTILITY ROOM with outdoor access. French doors in the dining area into the rear garden. An INTEGRAL GARAGE completes this home.
*NEW RELEASE* The Aurora features TWO DOUBLE bedrooms and two singles with ENSUITE to the master bedroom plus family bathroom. OPEN PLAN kitchen / dining area with FRENCH DOORS opening into the rear garden and adjoining UTILITY ROOM. Front facing living room and INTEGRAL GARAGE complete this home
"A perfectly-proportioned detached home, The Chedworth Corner has a stylish open-plan kitchen/family room. There’s also a bright front-aspect living room, a separate dining room and a handy utility room. Upstairs are four good-sized bedrooms - bedroom one is en suite - and a large family bathroom."
"The Maplewood - With its twin windows and french doors, the bright kitchen, family and dining room provides a natural hub for family life that perfectly complements the superb baywindowed lounge. The master bedroom includes dual windows, an en-suite shower room and a luxurious dedicated dressing ..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to present to the market this extended four bedroom semi-detached family home on the ever desirable Warwick Hall Walk within Cochrane Park. The property which has a two story...
"Well presented six bedroom mid terrace is ideally located in the highly desirable area of Doncaster Road, Sandyford, always popular with the students due to its location. Helmsley Road is tucked just off Starbeck Avenue with its cafes and shops. This is an outstanding investment opportunity with ..."
"THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME - STUNNING CONDITION - GREAT LOCATION Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this detached Taylor Wimpey ""Amersham"" style home located on Bramble Way in the brand new Brunton Rise development in Great Park. This home is in immaculate condition and has ..."
"As a spectacular addition to the Newcastle skyline, Bricks & Mortar are delighted to offer this unique and rare opportunity to purchase these beautifully bespoke two bedroom, one bath apartments in Hadrian’s Tower."
"** THREE BEDROOM DUPLEX PENTHOUSE APARTMENT IN CITY CENTRE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Situated in the heart of the City Centre is this spacious apartment which needs internal inspection to fully appreciate the quality and style of accommodation on offer. The property boasts panoramic City views, all..."
"SUPERBLY EXTENDED HOME A fantastic property family home that has been extensively updated throughout and close by a variety of local amenities. There is brilliant commuting links to the A1, A69, Newcastle city centre and the Metrocentre. The accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance ha..."
"A fabulous opportunity to purchase this 5 bedroom detached house, situated in an enviable position close to the entrance of the development. The spacious Reception Hall has stairs to first floor and door to Lounge with window to front. From the Hall door to the Kitchen/Dining area which..."
"Ground floor apartment The Henderson is an apartment with listed characteristics that features an open-plan kitchen, living and dining room and a stylish bathroom plus PRIVATE outdoor space. Call to arrange your personal appointment and find out more about this home..."
***FUTURE HOME SPECIFICATION*** The Myrtle boasts a series of brand-new innovations that intend to lower a homeowner's carbon footprint and reduce energy costs. Alongside features such as Smart Heating controls and solar panels. 
"£12,000 DEPOSIT CONTRIBUTION The Henderson is a two-bedroom ground floor apartment that features an open-plan kitchen, living and dining room and a stylish bathroom. Externally, the property benefits from private parking. The Listed at Ottermead are a collection of G..."
"The Chedworth ticks all the boxes. The open-plan kitchen/family room is perfect for family time. There’s a living room, dining room, downstairs cloakroom and a utility room with outside access. Upstairs there are four bedrooms - bedroom one has an en suite - a family bathroom and a storage cupboard."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** FIVE BEDROOMS | IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT | SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION | RECONFIGURED LAYOUT Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this stunning five bedroom three storey townhouse on Princes Road...
" AN EARLY VIEWING IS STRONGLY ADVISED ON THIS OUTSTANDING 3 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED ON THE HIGHLY DESIRABLE HONEYCROOK DRIVE, HAYDON GRANGE. The property has been extensively renovated by the current owners and offers an exceptional standard of living accommodation throughout. Br..."
"FANTASTIC FULLY MODERNISED HOUSE WITH REAR AND SIDE EXTENSIONS....IMMACULATE DECOR, LANDSCAPED REAR GARDEN. Situated in this popular location within walking distance to Four Lane Ends Interchange offering metro and bus services, plus a range of local shops and nearby local ..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to present this extended five bedroom family home situated on the ever desirable Whitton Place in High Heaton, a quiet cul-de-sac location. The property is close to many local ameniti..."
4 Bedroom Detached House KEY FEATURES • Detached • 4 Double bedrooms • 2 en-suites and a family bathroom • Kitchen/diner • Utility room • Luxurious finish throughout • Detached garage • South facing garden • Double driveway • Plenty of visitor parking EXTREMELY WELL PRESENTED 4 BE...
"Pattinson estate Agents would like to welcome to the market this four bedroom extended semi detached family home on the sought after Balliol Gardens, in Benton. The property is located close to outstanding local schooling, it is perfectly placed close to the shops and amenities of Benton Park Roa..."
"*NEW RELEASE* The Cartwright is ideal for modern family living making your home as unique as you are, offering flexibility to maximise additional space in any way you need. Featuring OPEN PLAN kitchen and dining area with FRENCH DOORS to the garden. ENSUITE to master bedroom and SHOWER ROOM"
"Mansons are pleased to bring to the sales market this recently refurbished family home. This three bedroom semi-detached property, located on Twizell Place, a popular estates in the sought after area of Ponteland.
The accommodation on offer briefly comprises; porch, entrance to the property, hal..."
"Hazelwood - OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining, FRENCH DOORS to garden, separate LAUNDRY & downstairs WC. Generous lounge & ample STORAGE. EN SUITE to master, three further DOUBLE bedrooms & family bathroom. GARAGE & PARKING. A spacious and thoughtfully designed 4 bedroom detached home with a fantastic op..."
"Beautiful family home pleasantly situated on Warkworth Woods, Great Park, Gosforth. Offering Spacious Living Accommodation, Conservatory, Ensuite Bathroom, South Facing Rear Garden and No Onward Chain!"
" A truly stunning, extended four bedroom detached corner plot family home located in Killingworth close to amenities, schools and good transport links. This family home is classic and oozing with style throughout. The property briefly comprises: entrance hall; downstairs WC; lounge to front whi..."
"FOR SALE BY WAY OF ONLINE AUCTION ON - 30TH MARCH, OPTION 2 - Terms and Conditions apply. See  FAMILY HOME. Situated on Northfield Road, Gosforth  A sought after location due to its close proximit..."
"A recently modernised and well presented 3 bedroom detached house situated in a quiet cul de sac location. The entrance porch with cloaks cupboard leads to the Reception Hall with stairs to first floor accommodation. The Lounge, has engineered oak flooring and large window to front. The spacious ..."
" An excellent opportunity to purchase this superb corner plot four bedroom detached house. The property is situated on a favoured residential area close to the Killingworth Centre, public transport and road links to nearby centres. The accommodation briefly comprises; an entrance porch, hallway,..."
"LARGE PLOT - SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN - FOUR BEDROOMS WITH THREE BATHROOMS Brunton Residential are pleased to offer to the market this four-bedroom, three-storey 'Polworth' style house by Persimmon, located on Roseden Way within the Great Park estate. This property sits on a wide South facing..."
"FANTASTIC CORNER PLOT - PERFECT FAMILY HOME - CHAIN FREE Brunton Residential are pleased to offer to the market this four-bedroom, three-storey 'Polworth' style house, located on Orangetip Gardens within the Great Park estate. The property has been upgraded throughout and is situated close t..."
"We are delighted to welcome to the market this very well presented double fronted terrace house. Situated in the heart of Jesmond within easy walking distance of great shops and cafes on Acorn Road, restaurants, bars & Waitrose on Osborne Road, a library and leisure facilities on St Georges ..."
"The Riverwood - The inviting lounge shares the ground floor with a delightfully airy, superbly planned family kitchen that offers immense flexibility, with feature french doors adding the option of alfresco dining on summer afternoons. A bright staircase leads to four bedrooms, including a comfor..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** DOUBLE EXTENSION | FIVE BEDROOMS | EN-SUITE FACILITY | 23FT KITCHEN For sale by Modern Method of Auction: Starting Bid Price £305,000 plus Reservation Fee This property is for sale by The Great North Prop..."
"This five bedroom, three storey, mid-terrace house is currently a rental property for 4 people and is located in the sought after area of Spital Tongues, especially for those at Newcastle University and RVI. Accommodation comprises: Ground Floor: Entranced Vestibule, Hallwa..."
"Offer of the month The Sawyer features an OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS opening into the rear garden. A spacious front facing living room and INTEGRAL GARAGE. Upstairs THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS with ENSUITE to the master and modern family bathroom."
*NEW RELEASE* The Benton is ideal for first-time buyers or growing families. It features an OPEN PLAN kitchen and dining area with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden as well as a separate living room on the ground floor. TWO DOUBLE bedrooms on the first floor plus a single with EN SUITE to the master
"*NEW RELEASE* The Begonia features THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS with EN SUITE to the master plus modern bathroom. OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS opening into the rear of the garden creating a hub of the home. Front facing living room and INTEGRAL GARAGE with external access."
"Hive Estates presents to the market this modern 4 bedroom detached house in North Gosforth. This house is spacious and contemporary, and features an open plan kitchen diner with French patio doors leading to a private patio area and generously sized lawned garden. At the front, the home ..."
"£12,000 DEPOSIT CONTRIBUTION The Wood is a ground floor, two-bedroom apartment. The property features an open-plan kitchen, living and dining area, and a stylish bathroom with separate shower. The Listed at Ottermead are a collection of Grade II listed buildings that ..."
"***No Upper Chain*** We are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented family home in this desirable area of Forest Hall, on West Lane. The accommodation briefly comprises of entrance hall, ground floor w/c, lounge with feature bay window, fantastic modern kitchen with integrated ap..."
"A perfect opportunity to purchase this 3-bedroom detached home, which has a private rear garden and detached garage. The home is offered for sale with no onward chain and offers spacious and flexible accommodation. well presented throughout, the home has a spacious living area while the kit..."
"Offer of the month Ground floor apartment The Wood features an open-plan kitchen, living and dining area, and a stylish bathroom with separate shower. TWO parking spaces, OPEN SPACE VIEWS and listed building characteristics. FLOORING and APPLIANCES INCLUDED"
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE Three bedroom bay fronted semi detached house located within a highly regarded area and offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. With GARDENS to the front and rear and an attached GARAGE, the property appeal to those wishing to place their own stamp and sty..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduces to market this four bedroom, detached family home and spacious rear garden in the popular residential area of Palmersville. Close-by to a range of local amenities, transport links and schooling. Well-presented throughout, comprising of an entrance hallway, W..."
"An opportunity to purchase this modern well appointed detached house located within this sought after residential development on the Norther outskirts of Gosforth. The property is ideally suited for a growing family and benefits from four double bedrooms with en suite to master, dining kitchen, g..."
"The Amersham is a spacious three bedroom home with an integral garage, designed to appeal to a growing family."
The 3 bedroom Amersham offers a practical layout with storage and a your own dedicated space for working from home.
"With a practical and modern layout, the 3 bedroom Amersham will appeal to both couples and families looking for extra space."
"Signature North East is proud to welcome this immaculately presented three bedroom detached family home to the sales market. Situated on Parkside View, a quiet residential area within Backworth, this property boasts spacious living, modern décor, and styling throughout and a large sunny garden to..."
"Receive up £15,000 mortgage contribution when you reserve Plot 27 The Freesia. READY TO MOVE IN FOR SUMMER. Plot 27 The Freesia offers a GARAGE and PARKING on a PRIVATE DRIVEWAY. Sought-after corner plot with GENEROUS SOUTH WEST FACING GARDEN. The Freesia is designed for modern living."
"Receive up £15,000 mortgage contribution when you reserve Plot 19 The Freesia II. MOVE IN FOR SUMMER. This exclusive 3-bedroom home benefits from a SOUTH FACING GARDEN with a PRIVATE DRIVE and COUNTRYSIDE VIEWS. Ideal for families the contemporary fitted kitchen includes INTEGRATED APPLIANCES."
"FOUR BEDROOMS | IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT | OFF STREET PARKING Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this well-presented semi-detached family home with converted garage space, off-street parking and conservatory. Ideally located on the sought after The West Ri..."
"The Hornsea is a detached home with the bonus of an integral garage. It's got a good-sized living room with double doors leading into a bright open-plan kitchen/diner - perfect for family life and for entertaining. It's practical too with a utility, downstairs cloakroom and three storage cupboards."
"This 2 bedroomed double fronted detached bungalow has been updated by the current owners, to create a superb and well appointed property, ideal for a couple or small family. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, the Reception Hall has a storage cupboard and access to the ..."
"An impeccable 3 bedroomed terraced house, appointed and presented to a particularly high standard. Retaining many original features, with fabulous decor and attention to detail, the Entrance Hall, with ornate tiled floor, half tiled walls from Beamish, corniced ceiling and picture rail, leads to ..."
"This stylish modern home benefits from generous living accommodation over three floors. The front door opens to a hallway giving access to a beautiful living room with feature fireplace, a convenient ground floor WC, an impressive dining kitchen with French doors to the garden and a door to the u..."
"With an abundance of period charm and priced to reflect full refurbishment. This three bedroom Edwardian home is ideally located on Lodore Road, High West Jesmond. Lodore Road, situated within striking distance to Ilford Road Metro Station, is also placed close to excellent local schooling and is..."
" COMING SOON - REGISTER YOUR INTEREST NOW! Distinct Living Two bedroom apartments, three apartments on the first floor and three apartments on the second floor. Fabulously light and bright spaces with secure on site parking. Two bedrooms with an en-suite to the master Second bathr..."
360 VIRTUAL TOUR - DETACHED - 3 BEDROOMS - PERFECT FAMILY HOME - GREAT LOCATION Brunton Residential are pleased to introduce to the market this three bedroom detached house located on Osprey Avenue in North Walbottle. The location of this property provides fantastic access to local amenities...
"To be sold at an online auction. For further information, viewing times and legal documentation, please visit bidx1.com."
"Signature North East are delighted to welcome this gorgeous, three-bedroom, semi-detached home to the property market, boasting sleek and modern décor throughout. Situated on the desirable Priory Avenue, Backworth, the property is ideally located within close proximity to many useful amenities su..."
"As the talk of the town, Hadrian's Tower is one of the newest and most exciting developments to Newcastle's City Centre. Located on the 13th floor, Bricks & Mortar are delighted to market this two bedroom, two bathroom apartment within the complex. Perfect for residential purchasers or investors."
"Set in an idyllic peaceful rural position, the charm and character of this property must be experienced to appreciate this delightful three bedroom mid terraced home..."
"THREE bedroom detached home. OPEN PLAN LIVING, integrated KITCHEN APPLIANCES, BIFOLD DOORS. Bathrooms with CONTEMPORARY SANITARYWARE and DESIGNER TILING."
"The Elderwood ***Personalise your home with options vouchers worth thousands*** Enhanced by french doors, and incorporating a dedicated laundry, the bright kitchen and dining room complements a relaxing lounge to create an adaptable, comfortable home. The principal bedroom en-suite is entered via..."
"The Carver features an OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining and family area with FRENCH DOORS onto the rear garden plus spacious separate living room with BAY WINDOW. TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with an EN SUITE to the master and modern family bathroom. A single GARAGE completes this beautiful new home."
"Discover the Kingsville, a bright and flexible 4 bedroom townhouse. Perfect for family living, on the ground floor discover an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN-DINER with room for a TV area. There's also a GROUND FLOOR STUDY/SINGLE BEDROOM. On the first floor you’ll find the RELAXING LOUNGE and the spacious mai..."
"Iconic city centre development in the heart of Newcastle upon Tyne. The development benefits from a concierge service, a residents lounge and a 3Sixty Champagne bar to the the top floor with panoramic views of Newcastle. The apartment is situated on the 8th, accessible via express lifts. Benefitt..."
"**NEW TO THE MARKET - NOT TO BE MISSED** Situated in the quiet Village Farm estate, this unique three-bedroom property is a perfect family home.  The entrance leads into an inviting hallway with cloakroom, W/C, and under-stairs storage. The hallway leads to an open plan kitchen, dining..."
"IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY SUBSTANTIAL MID TERRACED HOUSE situated on a popular residential street within Fenham. Offering versatile living space which includes two bedrooms and generous lounge / diner / kitchen to the ground floor, four bedrooms, bathroom and separate wc to the first f..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** FOUR BEDROOMS | EN SUITE | GROUND FLOOR WC | CONSERVATORY Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this detached four bedroom family home on the sought after Hartburn Close in Chapel Park. ...
"This very well presented detached home is available on the popular Thornhill Close, Dunston. Extended by the current owner this home offers spacious rooms which really must be seen to be appreciated. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall leading to a living area with wall mounted LED fi..."
"GENEROUS TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT with ALLOCATED PARKING, LIFT ACCESS, OPEN ASPECT VIEWS, SOUTH FACING BALCONY & NO ONWARD CHAIN! Boasting over 1,100 Sq ft of internal living accommodation. For the discerning buyer, this is an excellent opportunity to acquire a two-bedroom apartment located on the r..."
"CHAIN FREE - SEMI DETACHED - FANTASTIC PLOT Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this extended semi detached home located on Rosewood Avenue in Garden Village. Gosforth. South facing gardens, a huge driveway and tennis court views to one side ensures this property is situat..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduce to the market this well presented and maintained, four bedroom tenanted HMO investment opportunity. Currently tenanted until June 2023 at a rent of £18,200pa (£87.50pppw) and pre-let for 2023 - 2024 at a rent of £19,136pa (£92pppw) making..."
"This three bedroom 1930's semi-detached family home is ideally positioned on Wingrove Road North, Fenham. A wide, tree-lined avenue, Wingrove Road North is situated close to Newcastle City Centre and is perfectly placed to access to surrounding greenery, the Newcastle hospitals and is within walk..."
"The Larkspur is a family home with TWO DOUBLE bedrooms and EN SUITE shower room to the master plus a stylish bathroom. An OPEN PLAN kitchen, family and dining area with FRENCH DOORS to the garden and living room with BAY WINDOW. "
"The Roseberry is a detached home with an integral garage and a living room with double doors leading to an open-plan kitchen/diner. There’s a utility room, cloakroom and three very useful storage cupboards. Bedroom one is en suite and the landing leads on to three further bedrooms and a bathroom."
"Receive up to £14,500 mortgage contribution when you reserve Plot 24 The Juniper. MOVE IN FOR SUMMER. The Juniper benefits rom a SOUTH FACING GARDEN with OVERLOOKING OPEN ASPECT COUNTRY VIEWS. Ideal for families the ground floor offers a spacious open-plan kitchen and dining room with BI-FOLD DOORS."
THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOM** NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT** FINISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD AND MODERN THROUGH OUT**COUNCIL TAX BAND D** EPC = B**
Beautiful three bedroom detached house with lovely position on Callerton Rise and offered with the potential of NO ONWARD CHAIN...
"Very spacious and well presented detached house enjoying this enviable corner plot within this sought after location. The property is warmed via gas central heating and has the benefit of uPVC double glazing. The accommodation comprises: entrance hallway, ground floor w/c, living room with a li..."
Four bedroom detached house ideal for family...
"ENJOY LUNCH ON US WHEN YOU TAKE A TOUR OF KENTON LODGE - BOOK NOW! A MODERN and SPACIOUS, two bedroom apartment situated on the FIRST FLOOR, ACCESSIBLE BY A LIFT, of a McCARTHY STONE Retirement Living Plus development with an ON-SITE RESTAURANT, CQC care staff and ESTATE MANAGER, located on a BUS..."
"Discover the Kingsville, a bright and flexible 4 bedroom townhouse. Perfect for family living, on the ground floor discover an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN-DINER with room for a TV area. There's also a ground floor study/single bedroom. On the first floor you’ll find the RELAXING LOUNGE and the spacious mai..."
"The Elderwood - 4 bedroom DETACHED home with large lounge, kitchen/dining room & separate laundry room. EN-SUITE & dressing area to principal bedroom 3 further spacious bedrooms & family bathroom."
"A spacious 3 bedroomed second (top) floor apartment, within this desirable, purpose built development. Superbly and conveniently situated, this triple glazed property has gas fired central heating and a video entry system. With scope for some cosmetic updating and approached via a lift with well ..."
"We are delighted to offer this Four bedroom terrace house situated on the popular area of Summerhill square close to the city centre with all the amenities Inc. Bar, restaurant and two Universities. The property is a HMO with an Potential Gross annual income of £25,020 with over a 8% Yield..."
"This three bedroom semi-detached family home is ideally located on Rosewood Gardens, Kenton. Close to excellent local schools, Rosewood Gardens tucked behind Kenton Lane, provides perfect family accommodation close to the cafés, restaurants and shops of Gosforth High Street. The accommod..."
"An extended three storey period home, delightfully situated on a cobbled street within Summerhill Conservation Area. The location is excellent, within walking distance of Newcastle Central Station, City Centre shops and services, and the green spaces of Summerhill Park. Unlisted, the house exceed..."
Rare opportunity to purchase a 3 bedroom detached bungalow with NO ONWARD CHAIN.....
"Appealing to family buyers is this well presented detached house situated in a cul-de-sac location within this sought after area of West Moor. The property comprises; entrance hallway with stairs to the first floor and access to the ground floor W/C;, lounge to the front incorporating through din..."
"The Polwarth is an ideal, flexible, family home with a front-aspect lounge, a garden-facing kitchen/dining room with French doors, utility room, WC and storage. The first floor has an en-suite bedroom, two more bedrooms, a bathroom, and storage cupboard. The en suite master is on the second floor."
*NEW RELEASE* The Wisteria is a beautiful double-fronted home has an OPEN PLAN kitchen and dining area with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden perfect for entertaining. The living room is dual aspect with views over the garden and BAY WINDOW. TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with EN SUITE to the master bedroom...
"Discover the Kingsville, a bright and flexible 3 bedroom townhouse. Perfect for family living, on the ground floor discover an open-plan kitchen-diner with room for a TV area. There's also a ground floor study which doubles as the perfect playroom. On the first floor you’ll find the relaxing loun..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduces to market this bright and spacious, four-bedroom, semi-detached family home situated in the popular residential area of Forest Hall. Close-by to a range of amenities, schooling and transport links, including Forest Hall High Street just a short walk away. B..."
Well presented and spacious detached home with a downstairs WC and en-suite located on a popular development in Forest Hall. The property would be a fantastic first time buy or family home and is in a great position being close to local amenities and transport links including Palmersville metro.
Three bedroom detached bungalow.... No upper chain
"This exceptional modern home is available for sale with magnificent countryside views and an enviable cul-de-sac location. The front door opens to a convenient hallway which leads to a luxurious lounge with views over the front garden. There is an inner hallway with stairs to the first floor, a s..."
" This simply outstanding three bedroom detached house on this highly sought after area estate in Holystone, close to local amenities, schools and good transport links. Guaranteed to impress with its tasteful décor which really does offer the 'WOW' factor. The property briefly comprises: entranc..."
"**EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME OFFERING VERSATILE LIVING**OPEN PLAN KITCHEN, DINING AND FAMILY AREA**TASTEFULLY DECORATED THROUGHOUT** VIEWING ADVISED**COUNCIL TAX BAND D**EPC = C***"
"**SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH GENERUOS GARDENS TO BOTH THE FRONT AND REAR**SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION CLOSE TO LOCAL SCOOLS, AMEMITES AND MOTOR WAY LINKS** COUNCIL TAX BAND D** EPC = F** "
"**NOT TO BE MISSED** This beautifully presented family home is conveniently located in a popular residential area, within close proximity to an array of local amenities, transport links, and well-regarded schools.  The ground floor comprises a spacious lounge, a modern fitted kitchen w..."
"FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR POSSIBILITY FOR CONVERSION INTO RESIDENTIAL FIRST FLOOR MAISONETTE 5 BEDROOMS 2 BATHROOMS GREAT LOCATION FOR STUDENTS COUNCIL TAX BAND B Current Tenancy 22/08/202221/08/2023 £368.33x 5 = £1,841.65"
"Situated in private of a private development just off Jesmond Park East, this light and spacious town house occupies a lovely walkway location with the added attraction of a nearby garage. The property has a delightful westerly rear garden with a raised decking patio which gets plenty of afternoo..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduces to market this three-bedroom, detached family home with attached garage situated on the popular residential Greenhills estate. The estate backs onto a rural setting, with easy access to the surrounding bridleways offering plenty of options for walking, running,..."
Semi-Detached House built in 1936 in a sought after location.  Additional extension built in 1968 with additional structural work completed in 2021 comprising of: Conversion of existing kitchen & Garage into a large kitchen and utility Room including downstairs WC.  Bi-Fold doors le...
"This purpose built five bedroom maisonette is located with easy access to West Jesmond metro station, close to shops and cafes on Acorn Road, library and swimming baths on St George's Terrace. There is the added attraction of restaurants, cafes and bars on Osborne Road, and easy road access i..."
Spread over 3 floors the Colton offers couples and young families a modern layout and the extra space needed.
"HIGH SPEC AVANT HOME - THREE BEDROOMS - OPEN ASPECT TO FRONT Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this fantastic semi detached home located on Foxfield Close within Kenton Bank Foot. This home was recently built by Avant homes, known for their high quality build with luxury gra..."
"We are delighted to welcome to the market, this immaculately presented family home located on Eshmere Crescent in Chapel House. This lovely spacious home has been furnished to a high standard and briefly comprises: to the ground floor, an entrance hallway with Cloaks WC, an open plan lounge an..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** We are delighted to offer for sale this spacious modern four bedroom detached family home. Located within a popular residential area and close to a wide range of amenities and transport links including Kingston Park r...
"ENJOY LUNCH ON US WHEN YOU TAKE A TOUR OF KENTON LODGE - BOOK NOW! A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, two bedroom, third floor, apartment with a SOUTH-WESTERLY FACING WALK-OUT BALCONY enjoying VIEWS TOWARD NUNS MOOR. located on the third floor of a McCARTHY STONE Retirement Living Plus development wit..."
"A traditional terraced house offering great access to Gosforth's bustling High Street and the transport links into Newcastle city centre. The property consists of spacious reception room to the front aspect, dining room to the rear leading into the kitchen. Upstairs there are two double bedrooms,..."
" A superb buy to let investment situated on the ever popular St Georges Terrace, Jesmond. This top floor apartment, has an open plan kitchen and living layout. The stylish white gloss kitchen provides all the essential appliances, including dishwasher and washer/dryer. There are three double bed..."
"**SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH AN OPEN PLAN DINING AREA AND KITCHEN** CONSERVATORY**GREAT LOCATION FOR SCHOOLS, AMENITIES AND WESTHOPE GOLF COURSE**EPC = D**COUNCIL TAX BAND D**"
"This generously proportioned property is available for sale with a substantial plot and no onward chain. The front door opens to a hallway with storage, a comfortable living room, dining room and fitted kitchen with a door to the garage, Stairs lead to the first floor landing, a family bathroom a..."
"A traditional two bedroom mid terraced house located within this popular residential street in South Gosforth. The property offers generous accommodation with two reception rooms, extended kitchen and two double bedrooms. It is well positioned within easy walking distance to South Gosforth metro ..."
"Signature North East is thrilled to introduce to the sales market this exceptional three bedroom semi-detached home on Blagdon Terrace, Seaton Burn. Recently renovated by the current owner, this property perfectly balances traditional charm, featuring beautiful high ceilings, with modern upgrades..."
"Signature North East are thrilled to present to you this breathtaking 3-bedroom terraced house located on Whorlton Terrace, Newcastle Upon Tyne. Nestled just a few miles from Newcastle city centre, this property offers easy access to all the amenities and attractions the city has to offer. Additi..."
"Hive Estates presents to the market this three bedroom Victorian terraced home in the sought after area of Heaton. Starting with an original front door, the property benefits from period features throughout including a Victorian fireplace in the front living space, with original coving intact. Mu..."
*** SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT IDEALLY LOCATED IN THE CITY CENTRE OF NEWCASTLE ***
"The Tiverton - A corridor hallway leads through to a broad kitchen and dining room where french doors introduce a natural, airy appeal, creating an inspiring setting for family life and complementing the elegant lounge. The three bedrooms include a delightful master suite incorporating a built in..."
"Enjoy the best of modern living in this popular three-bedroom home which has a stylish open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors leading into the garden, a bright front aspect living room and a separate utility room. Upstairs, bedroom one has an en suite and there's a good-sized family bathroom."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** THREE BEDROOM | GARAGE & DRIVE | NO ONWARD CHAIN This well presented three bedroom semi detached family home is now available on the ever popular Brinkburn Avenue in Gosforth with 24ft lo...
GetAnOffer are offering this ATTRACTIVELY PRICED PROPERTY from a MOTIVATED seller to buyers that are in a position to purchase relatively quickly. This property has been PRICED to ENCOURAGE a QUICK SALE. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property for sale: Semi Detached House Four Bedro...
MASSES OF POTENTIAL | FOUR BEDROOMS | TWO KITCHENS | TWO SHOWER ROOMS | NO CHAIN Spanning over four floors is this substantial four bedroom period terrace located within a few minutes walking distance to all the amenities and transport links Newcastle City Centre has to offer. The prope...
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS | EXTENDED DORMER BUNGALOW | SUNSTANTIAL PLOT Located on the sought after Ashwood Grove in North Gosforth, this two bedroom semi detached bungalow has been sympathetically extended to off..."
"This luxurious apartment is available for sale with no onward chain, a convenient residents lift and beautiful views of Ponteland Park and the river Pont. The apartment is accessed by a communal entrance door with remote video entry system. The front door opens to a welcoming entrance hallway wit..."
"**Investment Opportunity**Pair Of Flats** Essential works need to be carried out to the properties and this is reflected within the price. A purpose-built end terraced pair of flats, well located within reach of South Gosforth Metro, and Gosforth High Street amenities. Currently let until Autumn ..."
** Gosforth NO CHAIN ** LOVELY Semi-Detached Family Home | Tasteful Contemporary Decor & Spacious | An Impressive 92sqm of Living Space + Very Bright & Light | Please check OUR VIDEO TOUR & BOOK YOUR VIEWING without delay to avoid disappointment | Enquiries Welcome 8am - 9pm / 7 Days a Week 
"Three Bedroom Semi Detached House situated in Gosforth. Ideally situated for transport links, schools and local amenities."
"Lovely presented Four bedroom detached family home with garage extension that could be used as a fourth bedroom on the sought after estate of Woodlands Grange, Forest Hall. There are a wealth of amenities nearby including shopping facilities, good schools, local pubs and excellent transport link..."
"This three-bedroom home has a stylish open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors to the garden. The Horton's living room, utility room, handy storage cupboard and cloakroom complete the ground floor. Upstairs, the master bedroom is en-suite and there’s a family bathroom and useful further storage."
"***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** BEAUTIFULLY APPOINTED APARTMENT set within this highly desirable and sought after location within Jesmond. Located on the first floor and offering living space which includes a generous lounge, 20' DININ..."
4 bedroom detached house offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN...
"We are delighted to the welcome to the market this very well presented three storey semi detached family home situated on Dunblane Crescent in West Denton. The accommodation briefly comprises: an entrance lobby, Cloaks WC, lounge and dining kitchen and reception room. To the first landing ther..."
"Thought to have been originally constructed around 1937, this well presented and extended semi-detached family home is ideally located on Powburn Gardens, Fenham. Powburn Gardens is will situated for easy access to the local shops and amenities of Fenham Hall Drive along the surrounding greenery ..."
TO BE SOLD VIA Online Auction until (21/04/2023 11:30) Fees Apply. We welcome to the market a three bedroom detached bungalow situated on Ingram Drive a most desirable area of Chapel Park. Chapel Park is one of the more traditional and established residential areas in the West of Newcastle ...
"A CORNER, DUAL ASPECT one bedroom apartment with WRAP AROUND BALCONY and VIEWS OF NUNS MOOR and the communal gardens of this McCARTHY STONE Retirement Living Plus development. With on-site RESTAURANT, ESTATE MANAGER, CQC registered CARE TEAM on-site 24/7 and BESPOKE CARE PACKAGES available. BUS S..."
PROFESSIONAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR POSSIBILITY FOR CONVERSION INTO RESIDENTIAL FIRST FLOOR MAISONETTE 5 BEDROOMS 2.5 BATHROOMS COUNCIL TAX BAND A Current Tenancy 01/06/2021- 31/05/2023 £700.00
"A rare opportunity to purchase a substantial 4 bedroomed stone built end terraced house, incorporating a self contained shop unit. Conveniently situated within the centre of this village, on the Western periphery of Newcastle, there is scope for updating, with the possibility of utilizing the sho..."
**SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW* **SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION**360 VIRTUAL VIEWING AVAILABLE** E** VIEWINGS IN PERSON WELCOMED**COUNCIL TAX BAND D *EPC = D***
"FIRST TIME BUYER WEEKEND: Join us on Saturday 1st or Sunday 2nd April. Take advantage of free mortgage advice and discover our latest release.The Chollerford, Plot 1415 at The Rise."
"FIRST TIME BUYER WEEKEND: Join us on Saturday 1st or Sunday 2nd April. Take advantage of free mortgage advice and discover our latest release.The Chollerford, Plot 1414 at The Rise."
"FIRST TIME BUYER WEEKEND: Join us on Saturday 1st or Sunday 2nd April. Take advantage of free mortgage advice and discover our latest release.The Chollerford, Plot 1413 at The Rise."
"Appealing to all buyers this well presented, two bedroom double fronted detached bungalow situated within a cul de sac position on the sought after Kingswood Estate. The property comprises; entrance hall, W.C,, open plan lounge and dining area, kitchen with a range of wall and base units, plumbin..."
"To be sold with no upper chain this semi detached bungalow is located on Percy Gardens in the heart of Forest Hall Village briefly comprising;, entrance porch, conservatory, kitchen/breakfast room, lounge, shower room and two bedrooms. Externally there are low maintenance gardens to the front an..."
"Hunters are delighted to offer for sale this outstanding five bedroom penthouse apartment, located on the 5th and 6th floor within a modern block of similar apartments. This well-presented duplex property has easy access to local amenities, transport links, and Newcastle city centre just on the d..."
"Purpose Built Two Bedroom Apartment with Generous Open Plan Lounge/Diner, Stylish Re-Fitted Kitchen, Private Balcony, Re-Fitted Bathroom, Private Garage & Wonderful Panoramic Views of the North East!This light and spacious apartment is ideally located to the 6th floor of Montagu Court, Gosforth. ..."
"A three bedroom semi detached house located on Clovellly Avenue, Grainger Park. Presented to a high standard throughout, the property is sure to appeal to those buyers looking for a spacious family home. Being situated in Grainger Park the position offers excellent access to local amenities inclu..."
"Available to purchase this mid terrace house being sold with no upper chain located on the popular and sought after location of Beech Grove, in Benton. Briefly comprising;, entrance porch, lobby and hallway, lounge with bay window, dining room to the rear, fitted kitchen leading into the utility..."
*** A MODERN THREE BEDROOM SEMI DEATCHED HOUSE ON THE POPULAR HAVANNAH PARK ESTATE - NO UPPER CHAIN - VIEWINGS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ***
"An impressive extended four bedroom semi detached family home located within the sought-after and ever-popular area of Kingston Park, on Beamister Way. Close to major transport links with access to both North & South of the region, the City of Newcastle Upon Tyne, as well as being within walking ..."
"Providing an ideal family home is this beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached house within a popular residential area. The property is being offered with an enclosed garden, garage and driveway parking making it sure to appeal. The property comprises; entrance hallway, spacious lounge..."
"This fabulous home has a beautiful open plan dining kitchen with living room and benefits from wonderful views over the playing field beyond. The front door opens to a welcoming hallway with stairs to the first floor, access to the kitchen/living room and a convenient ground floor WC. To there is..."
"***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED PERIOD TERRACED HOUSE set within this highly regarded residential location within Heaton. Offering a blend of traditional features and modern fixtures and fittings, the living spac..."
"Dobsons Estate Agents are delighted to welcome to the market this immaculately presented second floor apartment in this prestigious development, situated in the heart of Ponteland village and a short walk to all the amenities it has to offer. The accommodation boasts a wonderful open ..."
*** THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE ON A GENEROUS PLOT - IDEAL FAMILY HOME - VIEWINGS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED ***
"SEMI DETACHED HOME - NEW BUILD - THREE BEDROOMS Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this newly built 'Chestnut' by Bellway Homes. This perfect starter home has three spacious bedrooms, a garage and benefits from brand new fixtures, fittings and flooring throughout."
"The Moresby is an elegant three bedroom home with contemporary features, ideal for modern living. On the ground floor you'll find a spacious kitchen/dining area with French doors leading to the garden, and a lounge room. On the first floor, you will find the generous main bedroom with en suite, a..."
"Signature North East are delighted to welcome to the market this two-bedroom, first floor apartment located on the prestigious and modern development in Ponteland village. This stunning property, built in 2021, is ideally local to an abundance of useful amenities such as shops, supermarkets, rest..."
"The Faber features OPEN PLAN living / dining area with elegant FRENCH DOORS into the rear garden plus separate kitchen / breakfast room to the front of the property. EN SUITE to the master bedroom, modern family bathroom plus off road parking. Discover more about this home. "
"FIRST TIME BUYER WEEKEND: Join us on Saturday 1st or Sunday 2nd April. Take advantage of free mortgage advice and discover our latest release.The Chesters, Plot 1417 at The Rise."
"FIRST TIME BUYER WEEKEND: Join us on Saturday 1st or Sunday 2nd April. Take advantage of free mortgage advice and discover our latest release.The Chesters, Plot 1418 at The Rise."
Deceptively spacious 4 bedroom semi-detached house...
3 Bedroom Semi-Detached House for Sale KEY FEATURES • 3 Bedrooms • Spacious property • Large plot with wrap around gardens • Spacious lounge • Dining room • Fitted kitchen • Master bedroom with en-suite • Downstairs wc • Convenient location • Opportunity to purchase the flat next doo...
EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOM**FINISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD** A MUST VIEW TO FULLY APPRECIATE THE ACCOMIDATION ON OFFER** VERSATILE LIVING **COUNCIL TAX BAND C**EPC = C**
*NEW RELEASE* The Chandler has TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS with an EN SUITE to the master. An OPEN-PLAN kitchen and dining area with FRENCH DOORS opening on to the rear garden. The separate living room is located towards the front of the house and features a bay window overlooking the landscaped garden. 
The Faber features OPEN PLAN living / dining room with FRENCH DOORS opening into the rear garden. Front facing kitchen / breakfast room. Three bedrooms with ENSUITE to the master and stylish family bathroom serving the remaining two. Completed by off road parking.
ENJOY LUNCH ON US WHEN YOU TAKE A TOUR OF KENTON LODGE - BOOK NOW! A MODERN ONE BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT WITH BALCONY AND VIEWS ACROSS THE DEVELOPMENT. EXCLUSIVELY FOR THE OVER 70'S.
"An impressive three bedroom semi detached family home occupying a superb position within Willowfield Avenue in Fawdon, close to Gosforth High Street with its wonderful array of shops, cafes, and restaurants. Excellent transport links via bus and metro are just a short walk away, providing easy a..."
"3 Bedroom semi-detached property KEY FEATURES • Semi-detached • Beautifully presented • 3 Bedrooms • En-suite • Integral garage • Double driveway • Large sunny garden 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY situated on Corver Crescent, Havannah Park, North Gosforth. Bird House Properties ar..."
"This a superb opportunity to purchase this excellent detached home situated on Kirkland Chase. The property is located near a wealth of local amenities including schools, shops, and leisure facilities with further amenities being offered via the A1 motorway and regular public transport links to N..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to present this extended four bedroom semi-detached property situated on the ever desirable Cloverdale Gardens in High Heaton, offering spacious accommodation throughout, making the p..."
"Hawthorn Gardens is situated within a sought after and well-established residential area, well placed for schools and public transport links into Gosforth, the city, and other surrounding areas; there is also easy access to the A1. The property itself offers a fantastic opportunity to ..."
"A wonderful opportunity to purchase this semi detached family home which needs modernisation and provides spacious living accommodation across two floors. Externally there is a substantial South facing garden Located on this favourable sought after residential street on Forest Avenue, in Forest ..."
"An opportunity to purchase this extended four bedroom semi detached house located within the popular Grange Park development in Gosforth. The property which is in need of refurbishment offers great potential for further development. It is well placed for access to excellent local schools, as well..."
" Rare to the market this two bedroom characteristic detached bungalow on a corner plot, located in the sought after area Forest Hall. The bungalow needs modernisation and has the potential to develop onto the side or the rear of the property, perfect for a family home. The property briefly comp..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduces to market this beautifully presented, three-bedroom detached home in the popular suburb of Killingworth. Close-by to Killingworth Boating Lake, amenities, schooling and excellent transport links for Newcastle City Centre, the coast and beyond. Bright and spa..."
"FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE THIS STUNNING FAMILY HOME, BENEFITTING FROM A STYLISH WRAP AROUND EXTENSION, WITH KITCHEN/FAMILY ROOM AND ACCESS TO GARDEN.  Situated on a popular residential estate, close to Gosforth, and within catchment for Gosfor..."
"FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR POSSIBILITY FOR CONVERSION INTO RESIDENTIAL FIRST FLOOR MAISONETTE 6 BEDROOMS 2 BATHROOMS GREAT LOCATION FOR STUDENTS COUNCIL TAX BAND A Current Tenancy 07/08/202206/08/2023 £346.66 x 6 = £2,079.96"
"FABULOUS 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED TOWN HOUSE situated in a prime position within the East Moor Village area of Newcastle Great Park. Bird House Properties are delighted to present this property boasting close proximity to Brunton First School, Plantpots Playgroup, private nursery, Great Park Commu..."
"This three storey end of terrace house, is located in the heart of Heaton and is ideally suited as a rental investment or for first buyers and couples. Accommodation comprises: Ground Floor: Hallway, Sitting Room, Dining Kitchen. First Floor: Landing, Bedroom 1,..."
OPEN TO OFFERS .... Three bedroom detached house on lovely corner plot in Chapel Park with ideal home office in garden...
"** NO CHAIN ** CORNER PLOT House ** RENOVATED IN FULL ** BRAND NEW Kitchen, Bathroom, Doors, Flooring, Decor etc | 92 sqm of Living Space | LARGE Windows bringing in a lot of Natural Light | Please check OUR VIDEO TOUR || Enquiries Welcome 8am - 9pm / 7 Days a Week"
"This exceptional property benefits from a sought after cul-de-sac location and magnificent low maintenance garden with a sunny aspect. The front door opens to a welcoming hallway with storage and gives access to a stylish modern kitchen, convenient ground floor WC and a beautiful living room open..."
"FOR SALE!!
We welcome to the market this 3 bedroom, semi detached house, located on Baldwin Avenue, NE4 "
**A REAL MUST VIEW ** Offered with no onward chain is this fantastic three bedroom property with a beautiful rear garden. 
"**Three Storey Period House**HMO or Family home** A terraced property well located within reach of access to Newcastle City Centre, and close to both Chillingham Road and Heaton Road amenities. Currently let until August 2023, the house generates an annual rent of £15,600, and a gross of yi..."
"IMMACULATE FAMILY HOME. This three bedroomed semi detached house is situated on Belsay Gardens, Red House Farm and will suit those looking for a recently updated , spacious property . Within striking distance of local shops, schools, eateries , tr..."
"Occupying a prominent plot with wide frontage and gardens to three sides. Extended to the rear, this impressive semi detached home is superbly presented and maintained having been the subject of major expenditure in recent years. At ground floor level there is a hallway, through lounge/dining ..."
"Situated on the top floor of this attractive conversion building is this superb immaculate and stylish apartment. The property is situated on Akenside Terrace, within the sought after conservation area of Jesmond, close to an extensive range of local amenities, shops, cafes, bars and restaurants,..."
"DETACHED HOME - THREE BEDROOMS - GREAT LOCATION Brunton Residential are delighted to offer for sale this 'Persimmon Rufford' style home located on Osprey Walk within Great Park. This three bedroom detached property is perfect for first time buyers, it offers excellent value for money and has ..."
"A superb home located within this sought after Cheviot View Estate enjoying a cul-de-sac position. Local amenities are available in the area with further amenities in Kingston Park and central Gosforth. Internally this home offers modern living with a lounge through dining room, a conservatory..."
"*** EXTENDED DETACHED BUNGALOW - THREE BEDROOMS - CORNER PLOT WITH HUGE POTENTIAL - 24FT LOUNGE/DINING ROOM - FULL WIDTH CONSERVATORY - NO UPPER CHAIN - GARDENS TO FRONT, SIDE AND REAR - GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY FOR OFF STREET PARKING - SOUGHT AFTER ESTATE *** Mike Rogerson are pleased to offer to..."
"£500 per month towards your mortgage for 12 months. .FIRST TIME BUYER WEEKEND: Join us on Saturday 1st or Sunday 2nd April. Take advantage of free mortgage advice and discover our latest release.The Falstone, Plot 1131 at The Rise."
"FIRST TIME BUYER WEEKEND: Join us on Saturday 1st or Sunday 2nd April. Take advantage of free mortgage advice and discover our latest release.The Falstone, Plot 1132 at The Rise."
" VIEWING COMES RECOMMENDED ON THIS STUNNING 2 BEDROOM MID TERRACED FAMILY HOME SITUATED ON THE HIGHLY DESIRABLE SALTERS ROAD, GOSFORTH. The property is located within easy reach of the many amenities that Gosforth High Street has to offer including shops, bars and restaurants as well as easy ro..."
" A spacious and well presented semi detached, Dutch bungalow, which is nicely situated on Larchwood Avenue, Walkerville. The property is close to all local amenities: schools, shops, medical and leisure facilities with good access to all major road and bus links. The property benefits from ga..."
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY The sales team at Heaton Property is delighted to present this fantastic modern house on the ever popular Hartford Court development in Heaton.  
"An extended and beautifully presented end terraced house, pleasantly situated facing a central green, within this sought after location. Superbly presented, the spacious Reception Hall lends itself to a number of uses including study or music area, with a Cloakroom/WC with low level suite and was..."
"IMMACULATE FAMILY HOME ON A QUIET CUL DE SAC IN POPULAR WOODLANDS PARK ESTATE, IN WIDEOPEN. Benefitting from modern kitchen and bathroom. The internal accommodation comprises:- hallway, open plan lounge/diner through to kitchen, utility room, garage (for storage space only..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to present this four bedroom semi-detached property situated on the ever desirable Benton Road in High Heaton, offering accommodation which makes a fantastic family home. The property..."
"FOR SALE VIA AUCTION: terms and conditions apply. The subject property is a two storey, mid terrace building, currently occupied and running as a HMO. The property consists of a lounge, kitchen, six bedrooms, two shower rooms with W.C. and a bathroom with W.C. The property is fully occupied an..."
" Property Rung are delighted to bring to the market For Sale, this beautiful 3 Bedroom Semi-Detached Cottage on Limestone Lane, Ponteland. Briefly comprising of Entrance Hallway, Lounge and Kitchen, to the ground floor with First Floor accommodation offering Master Bedroom, a further two Bed..."
"Wonderfully presented 3 bed detached house located in Newcastle Upon Tyne ** OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £240,000 - £245,000 + ** Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Spacious and cosy living roo..."
"Located in the popular area of Denton Burn is this semi detached house. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, bedroom/additional reception room, kitchen, utility, dining room and conservatory. To the first floor is a landing, three bedrooms and bathroom. E..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this immaculate three bedroom link detached situated on Garth Sixteen, Falkirk in the sought after area of Killingworth. Briefly comprising, entrance hall with stairs to the first floor, lounge, fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, conservatory, newly fitt..."
*** EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE - FOUR BEDROOMS - CONSERVATORY - ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN ***
"ENJOY LUNCH ON US WHEN YOU TAKE A TOUR OF KENTON LODGE - BOOK NOW! A WELL PRESENTED, SOUTH FACING one bedroom apartment on the FIRST FLOOR with WALK-OUT BALCONY in a SECLUDED part of a McCARTHY STONE Retirement Living Plus development with an ON-SITE RESTAURANT, ESTATE MANAGER, CQC registere..."
**** THREE BEDROOMS **** EXTENDED TO GROUND FLOOR **** GENEROUS CORNER PLOT **** UTILITY/WC **** PARKING FOR UP TO FOUR VEHICLES **** GARAGE **** SOUTH/WESTERLY REAR GARDEN **** Situated on a generous corner plot is this three-bedroom semi-detached house. The home has plenty o...
This light and spacious refurbished detached bungalow is tucked away in a quiet location with a generous garden and versatile accommodation that will have to be viewed to be appreciated. It provides accommodation on a single level that will prove popular with a wide range of buyers. Ac...
"Located on the top floor of this Art Deco building, is this three bedroom apartment, which enjoys a central position within Brandling Village close to Newcastle city centre, as well as Acorn Road and Osborne Road, which will appeal to a wide range of buyers, where an internal inspection is essent..."
"** TWO BEDROOM, DUPLEX QUAYSIDE APARTMENT WITH PARKING ** Situated in Peppercorn Court, this two double bedroom, duplex apartment is hidden away in a Quayside location. With open plan living/dining area, spiral staircase, communal gardens and allocated parking, all situated on the banks of the Ri..."
" This MODERN end-terrace home boasts a GENEROUS LIVING room, ideal LIVE/WORK SPACE, ..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** When it comes to finding the perfect modern build end-link home, you would be hard pressed to find one as well presented and desirable as this. The accommodation is exquisitely presented and the current owner has real..."
TOWNHOUSE - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - DRIVEWAY & GARAGE Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this three bedroom town house located on Osprey Walk in Great Park. The property is situated on a great plot with a driveway and garage and an open aspect to the front of the property.
**** SEMI DETACHED HOUSE **** FOUR BEDROOMS **** DRESSING/PLAY ROOM **** POPULAR LOCATION **** LOUNGE/DINING ROOM **** GARAGE & PARKING **** GREAT FAMILY HOME **** Situated on Appletree Gardens on the popular Walkerville estate is this four-bedroom semi-detached house. The home...
"Viewing comes recommended on this stunning traditional semi detached bungalow located within this popular residential development on the fringe of central Gosforth. The property has been fully refurbished, remodelled and extended to incorporate a superb 23ft dining extension to the rear and impre..."
"We are delighted to welcome to the market this first floor two bedroom apartment situated in the heart of Jesmond. There is easy access to a large range of local shops, cafes, restaurants and cafes on Acorn Road and further bars and Waitrose on Osborne Road. There are good public transport links ..."
"A superbly appointed and presented 2 bedroomed semi detached dormer bungalow, offering extended and reconfigured accommodation, within this sought after residential estate. With gas fired central heating, security alarm and sealed unit double glazing, the Reception Hall, with cloaks cupboard, lea..."
A well appointed extended and remodelled four bedroom semi detached house occupying a pleasant cul de sac position within the sought after Victoria Glade development. The property benefits from two large conservatory’s together with a converted garage currently being used as a fourth bedroo...
Situated on this modern development within Newcastle's vibrant West End we offer for sale this impressive three bedroom detached house...
*** TWO BEDROOMS - TOP FLOOR APARTMENT - VIBRANT CITY CENTRE LOCATION - GARAGE - SPACIOUS APARTMENT *** Mike Rogerson Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this two bedroom top floor apartment situated on Northumberland Road in Newcastle. The accommodation is located with close pr...
"THREE BEDROOMS | EN SUITE | TWO ALLOCATED PARKING BAYS Jan Forster Estates are please to welcome to the market this 'Gosford' by Taylor Wimpey on the ever desirable Woolsington Grange. Set in a popular suburb of Newcastle Upon Tyne, ideally located between Gosforth and Pontelan..."
Extended three bedroom semi detached house.
" Rare to the market, this three bedroom semi-detached house offered with no onward chain, located in the sought after area Forest Hall, close to local shops, good transport links and schools. The property briefly comprises: Entrance Pouch, Hall way with stairs, Large living room/dining room, Ki..."
"We are delighted to the welcome to the market this very well presented semi detached family home situated on Ashdale Crescent in Chapel House . The accommodation briefly comprises: an entrance hallway, open plan lounge and dining room, fitted kitchen and utility area. To the landing there are..."
"Absolutely immaculately presented, link-detached house situated on Avalon Drive within this extremely popular location. The property is warmed via gas central heating and has the benefit of uPVC double glazing and security alarm system. The spacious accommodation comprises: entrance hallway wit..."
Three bedroom detached house on lovely corner plot...
We are pleased to present This Two Bedroom Terraced House situated on Haig Street within Dunston is ideally placed for access to local amenities including schools and Dunston Activity Centre. This property is perfect for someone looking to invest or FTB who is looking for a project prop...
**BIGGER THAN AVERAGE TWO BEDROOM TERRACE HOUSE WITH A LOFT ROOM** OFF STREET PARKING TO THE REAR** OPEN VIEWS TO BOTH THE FRONT AND REAR**IDEALLY LOCATED FOR THE TYNE RIVERSIDE COUNTRY PARK**VIEWING ADVISED**COUNCIL TAX BAND B**EPC =D**
"Mansons Property Consultants are delighted to present for sale this two-bedroom first floor apartment in the 1930s Art Deco mansion block, Osborne Court, within South Jesmond's conservation area and ideally located for local amenities and transport links. The building's communal entrance and rec..."
"This gorgeous modern home benefits from a generous plot, parking for two cars and a sought after location in Kenton Bank Foot which boasts a metro station and bus route, shops and local amenities. The front door opens to a welcoming hallway and comfortable living room. There is a convenient groun..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to present to the market this immaculately presented two bedroom apartment, first floor apartment, offered for sale with the benefit of no onward chain. The building is set ..."
"Stylish & Fully Re-Furbished Apartment Offering a Wonderful Open Plan Lounge/Diner with Private & Enclosed South Facing Balcony, Re-Fitted Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Two Bedrooms, Shower Room, Private Garage & No Onward Chain.This is an excellent opportunity to acquire an excellent two bedro..."
"A 3 bedroom semi detached house, occupying a superb corner plot, within this popular residential area, within the desirable village of Ponteland. The Reception Hall, with cloaks cupboard and cupboard housing the warm air central heating unit. The Lounge, with archway to the Dining Room, with wind..."
" This MODERN mid-terrace home boasts a GENEROUS LIVING room, ideal LIVE/WORK SPACE, ..."
"The Buttermere is very popular with families. The bright and modern open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading into the garden is ideal for entertaining and for enjoying family meals. The front porch, inner hallway, downstairs cloakroom and useful cupboard take care of everyday storage."
*NEW RELEASE* The Orchid is a modern 3-bedroom home which offers TWO DOUBLE bedrooms plus a single with EN SUITE shower room to the master bedroom and stylish family bathroom. An OPEN PLAN kitchen and dining area with FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden and a separate front facing living room. 
Three bedroom semi-detached house in lovely position on the Hillheads estate...
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Positioned on this modern residential estate, the opportunity to purchase this immaculately presented three bedroom semi detached house is now available. The current owners of the property have this property in immac..."
"ENJOY LUNCH ON US WHEN YOU TAKE A TOUR OF KENTON LODGE - BOOK NOW! A one bedroom, FIRST FLOOR apartment with SOUTH EASTERLY facing WALK OUT BALCONY overlooking the LANDSCAPED GARDENS located within a McCARTHY STONE Retirement Living development with an ESTATE MANAGER, CARE TEAM and facilities to ..."
"Substantial Purpose Built Apartment Offering a Generous Open Plan Lounge/Diner, Stylish Re-Fitted Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Two Double Bedrooms, Contemporary Re-Fitted Bathroom & En-Suite, Lift Access, Allocated Parking Space and No Onward Chain!This impressive and generous, two bedroom apartment i..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduce this tenanted investment opportunity, three-bedroom apartment situated in the beautiful, leafy area of West Jesmond. Currently tenanted until August 2023 at a rent of £13,260pa (£85pppw) making this an attractive investment opportunity with competit..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME | FOUR BEDROOMS | OFF-STREET PARKING | TWO BATHROOMS Jan Forster Estates welcome to the market this semi-detached family home on Ravensworth Court in Kingston Park, close to excell..."
"We are delighted to offer this three bedroom semi-detached house situated in a popular area of Dunston close to local amenities and excellent transport links. The property benefits from gardens to three side and a garage and driveway. The accommodation briefly comprises:- Entrance hallway, dini..."
" Internal inspection is strongly recommended of this two bedroomed detached bungalow situated on the favoured estate Meadway Drive in Forest Hall. Close to all local amenities including Schools, shops, Palmersville Metro Station, bus routes and road links to nearby centres. The property briefly ..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom end terrace house which is situated in a sought after location in Palmersville, providing excellent access to local amenities, schools and publ..."
"SOUGHT AFTER FAMILY HOME Set within this popular residential location is this EXTREMELY WELL PRESENTED semi detached family home with off street driveway parking, attached garage and generous enclosed rear garden. Offering an open plan lounge / diner, conservatory, STYLISH BREAKFASTING KI..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to present to the market this recently modernised two bedroom semi detached bungalow on Debdon Gardens. The property is located within a desirable area of Heaton and will appeal to ...
"Your Move Chris Stonock offer to the market this well located four bedroom semi-detached house on Northcote Avenue, West Denton offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** THREE BEDROOMS | SEMI DETACHED | GARAGE & OFF STREET PARKING | NO CHAIN Located on the ever popular Jubilee Crescent, within the Coxlodge area of Gosforth, this three bedroom semi-detached property, with no ..."
"A stylish, ECO friendly, three bedroom link detached property over three floors located in the ever popular 'The Rise' development by Barratt Homes. Affording stunning views, the property offers family living in an Energy-efficient, sustainable home which is close to local retail parks, Horses..."
"***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** OUTSTANDING GROUND FLOOR FLAT set within the fantastic location of Jesmond Vale. Boasting en-suite facilities to the master bedrooms, a beautifully presented lounge, MODERN "
"**First Floor Flat**Two Bedrooms**Extended Lease** Developed by Barratt Homes in the late 1980s, St Peter’s Basin provides a delightful marina village, with excellent access to The Ouseburn and Newcastle Quayside and City Centre. Occupying an elevated position with an appealing front aspect..."
"For Sale By Auction TAKING BIDS NOW OPTION 2 We welcome to the market this three bedroom house situated on Marcross Close in Abbey Farm The accommodation briefly comprises to the ground floor: an entrance lobby, lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen and a conser..."
"A fabulous opportunity to purchase a refurbished and well presented 2 bedroomed semi detached bungalow, on a superb corner plot, within this sought after residential area. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, the spacious Entrance Porch leads to the Reception Hall, with ..."
"Offered with no onward chain is this well presented good size two bedroom semi detached house house providing spacious accommodation throughout. The accommodation comprises; entrance area, entrance hallway with stairs to the first floor, lounge to the front with walk in bay window and feature..."
"IMMACULATE, DOUBLE FRONTED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE ON THIS POPULAR NEW BUILD ESTATE. Within easy reach of fantastic road links including easy access to A19. Benefitting from The Rising Sun Country Park on your doorstep offering a wide range of local walk..."
To be sold via online auction - 28/04/2023 12:00 - Fees apply. A superb opportunity to purchase this four bedroom end of terrace house which is situated within this favored residential area and is close to all local amenities good schools and transport links. The property comprises; entran...
"A well presented two bedroom apartment, situated to the first floor of this imposing Art Deco building within the heart of Gosforth. Moor Court provides excellent location for access to Gosforth High Street with its fantastic range of amenities including shops, cafes, restaurants and gym, whilst ..."
"This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase this sought after three bedroom semi detached property located located in a popular area of Dunston. This spacious property is a bright and airy house, benefitting from lots of natural light throughout the day. The property briefly comprises of: ent..."
"Signature North East are delighted to welcome this spacious ground floor flat, complete with two bedrooms and modern décor throughout. Ideally situated on Forsyth Road, Jesmond providing strong road and transport links, perfect for the commuter. As well as an array of practical amenities such as ..."
"**NOT TO BE MISSED** If you're looking for a well-presented three/four bedroom semi-detached family home, in a popular residential area, this is a great opportunity for you! The ground floor has a family lounge and a modern fitted kitchen and dining area, with integrated kitchen applian..."
"This ground floor apartment sits within this purpose-built block for the over 55s and offers both independent and assisted living on the edge of Gosforth, with one double bedroom, a good size living space and patio doors out to communal gardens. Accommodation comprises: Grou..."
"POSITIONED ON A FANTASTIC PLOT, IN THIS POPULAR RESIDENTIAL ESTATE. THIS SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW HAS BEEN ALTERED TO CREATE USABLE AND PRACTICAL LIVING SPACE, AND YET COULD BE FURTHER ALTERED TO SUIT BUYERS OWN NEEDS. The accomodation currently compr..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to present to the market significantly extended four bedroom semi detached property tucked away on the quiet Corbridge Avenue, located on the ever desirable Woodlands Park, North of G..."
"A SPACIOUS, SOUTH FACING apartment with a WALK OUT BALCONY enjoying VIEWS OVER THE GARDENS located on the FIRST FLOOR of a McCARTHY STONE Retirement Living Plus development with an ON-SITE RESTAURANT, ESTATE MANAGER and CARE STAFF and a BUS STOP OUTSIDE."
*** TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW - AVAILABLE WITH NO UPPER CHAIN - FULLY REFURBISHED ***
"A rare opportunity to purchase a 2 bedroomed ground floor flat, with direct garden access via French doors from the lounge. With security entry system, electric heating and sealed unit double glazing, the spacious Reception Hall, with cloaks cupboard and cupboard housing the hot water system, lea..."
"To be sold via online auction - (03/04/2023 12:00) - Fees apply. A fantastic opportunity to purchase this three bedroom extended semi detached family home on East Forest Hall Road, in this very sought after Village. The house is filled with natural light with a welcoming hall and spacious liv..."
"ENJOY LUNCH ON US WHEN YOU TAKE A TOUR OF KENTON LODGE - BOOK NOW! A beautifully presented one bedroom second floor retirement apartment. Oven, hob, fridge and freezer have never been used. BEAUTIFUL BALCONY leading from the living room. ONE HOUR OF DOMESTIC ASSISTANCE INCLUDED PER WEEK."
This bright and practical home is ideal for modern family living. The LARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with ample dining space has FRENCH DOORS leading out to the garden. The home also features a SPACIOUS LOUNGE for all of the family to relax in. Upstairs the main bedroom has an EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM and t...
"The Maidstone has a SPACIOUS LOUNGE leading to an OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN WITH DINING AREA and FRENCH DOORS to the garden. There's also a downstairs CLOAKROOM and some handy under stair storage.
Upstairs you'll find an EN SUITE main bedroom, a further double bedroom and a single bedroom or home office...."
This bright and practical home is ideal for modern family living. The large OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with ample dining space has FRENCH DOORS leading out to the garden. The home also features a SPACIOUS LOUNGE for all of the family to relax in. Upstairs the main bedroom has an EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM and t...
"The Masterton - The generously proportioned lounge and the dining kitchen, with its stylish french doors, present a relaxing setting for entertaining, and the three bedrooms ensure peaceful seclusion is always available. The dormer master bedroom, with its private staircase and en-suite shower ro..."
Beautifully presented and extended three Bedroom Detached Property set back back in popular Meadow Rise Estate.
"Hunters are delighted to offer for sale this outstanding four bedroom apartment, located on 3rd floor within a modern block of similar apartments. This well-presented property has easy access to local amenities, transport links, and Newcastle city centre just on the doorstep. This is the perfect..."
"Lennon Properties are delighted to bring to the market this fully refurbished two bedroom bungalow situated on Westgarth in Whorlton Grange Estate Westerhope Village to the west side of Newcastle. The accommodation briefly comprises: entrance, lounge, breakfasting kitchen, two bedrooms and bathr..."
"**SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM HOUSE WITH EN-SUITE SHOWER ROOM AND GARDENS TO THE FRONT, SIDE AND REAR** OFF STREET PARKING**360 VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE**EPC = B**COUNCIL TAX = C**"
"This 3 bedroomed semi detached house occupies an excellent location within this sought after cul-de-sac, with pleasant open aspect to the rear. With sealed unit double glazing and gas ducted central heating, the Reception Hall, with cloaks and understair storage cupboards, leads to the 22' Lounge..."
"**SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH GARDENS TO BOTH THE FRONT, SIDE AND REAR***EXTENDED DINING ROOM TO THE SIDE**VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE**COUNCIL TAX BAND D**AWAITING EPC***"
"A welcomed addition to the market for sale, we recommend internal inspection to fully appreciate this property's potential. The property is sure to appeal to a variety of prospective purchasers. It is located in a popular residential location within close proximity to local amenities such as scho..."
Three bedroom semi-detached house | En suite to master bedroom | Garden to rear | Off street parking for two cars
*** REDUCED *** THREE BED DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN POPULAR LOCATION 
"***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** A spacious end terraced house occupying a CORNER PLOT on Second Avenue, in the heart of Heaton. Refurbished by the current owner to include a CONTEMPORARY KITCHEN and MODERN BATHROOM. Conveniently situa..."
**THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETAHCED HOUSE WITH A SEPERATE KITCHEN AND DINING AREA**GREAT CATCHMENT AREA FOR SCHOOLS**CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES AND TRANSPORT LINKS**CHAIN FREE**COUNCIL TAX BAND C**EPC = D**
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduce to the market, this immaculately presented, bright and spacious, three-bedroom townhouse with garage and gardens in the development of Hawks Edge, West Moor. Close to local shops, schools, and amenities, this represents a fantastic opportunity to acquire a beaut..."
"Offered for sale with no upper chain this extended three bedroom semi detached property must be viewed. Located within a popular residential part of Kingston Park close to excellent local amenities and transport links, the property will appeal to a variety of buyers. Internally the pro..."
"Occupying the ground floor of a period terraced townhouse, this three-bedroom apartment is ideally located in the highly desirable residential area of Northumberland Gardens in South Jesmond within close proximity to the Ouseburn, Jesmond Dene and the City Centre as well as the many cafes and res..."
"** THREE BEDROOM NEW BUILD HOME ON POPULAR NEW DEVELOPMENT, THE RISE. ** Located on the lower half of the new estate, this completed home offers far reaching views over Gateshead and the River Tyne. The accommodation offers upgraded kitchen and bathroom fittings, driveway for two vehicles, and ju..."
EXCELLENT LOCATION - THREE BEDROOMS - CHAIN FREE Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this excellent semi-detached home located on Collier Gardens in the ever-popular Havannah Park estate. This home is in fantastic condition throughout offering spacious living with a private garden area...
FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR POSSIBILITY FOR CONVERSION INTO RESIDENTIAL APARTMENT BLOCK 2 BEDROOMS 1 BATHROOMS GREAT LOCATION FOR STUDENTS COUNCIL TAX BAND C Current Tenancy approx £750
" AN ATTRACTIVE LIGHT & SPACIOUS, TWO BEDROOM SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT, LOCATED IN THIS POPULAR RETIREMENT DEVELOPMENT A well presented and stylish two bedroom apartment, located on the 2nd floor of this popular assisted living development in the centre of Ponteland. The apartment has a lovely ..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates are pleased to introduce to market this bright and spacious, three-bedroom, semi-detached family home situated in the popular residential area of West Moor, close-by to a range of local amenities, transport links and schooling. The property briefly comprises of an entr..."
FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR POSSIBILITY FOR CONVERSION INTO RESIDENTIAL APARTMENT BLOCK 2 BEDROOMS 1 BATHROOMS GREAT LOCATION FOR STUDENTS COUNCIL TAX BAND C Current Tenancy 02/07/202201/07/2023 £433.00 x 2 = £866
"Located on this modern development in Newcastle outer West we offer for sale this impressive three story semidetached house, located on Kirkland Chaase, Westerhope. The property is well presented and benefits from a modern fitted kitchen and a garage. The accommodation briefly comprises: entranc..."
EXCELLENT LOCATION - THREE BEDROOMS - SPACIOUS LIVING - OFF-ROAD PARKING Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this excellent semi-detached home located on Aintree Street in the ever-popular North Gosforth estate. This home is in fantastic condition throughout offering spacious living w...
"The Wickets is a modern and desirable, centrally located development with fantastic views over the South Gosforth cricket ground. Gosforth High Street, local schools and South Gosforth metro station are all just a short walk from the property. The accommodation briefly comprises of a ..."
FOR SALE VIA ONLINE AUCTION (13/04/2023 11:30) FEES APPLY. A superb opportunity to purchase this three bedroom semi detached dormer bungalow which is situated within this favoured residential area and is close to all local amenities good schools and transport links. The property comprises; ...
**SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW WHICH HAS BEEN REFURBISHED**CHAIN FREE**COUNCIL TAX BAND B**EPC = D**
POPULAR LOCATION - GREAT VALUE FOR MONEY - NO CHAIN Brunton Residential are delighted to offer this three bedroom family home located on Millfield Avenue within the ever-popular Montagu estate in Kenton. The property comes with no onward chain and would make an excellent family home.
" Alexander Hudson Estates introduce this well-presented, three bedroom, semi-detached family home with a sunny, landscaped garden, situated on a quiet residential street within the increasingly popular suburb of Killingworth. Close-by to a range of amenities, transport links and schooling. Br..."
Property located in 302 Hadrians Tower
"We welcome to the market this attractive 2 bedroom, semi-detached bungalow in Heaton. "
"STYLISH & EXTENDED DORMER BUNGALOW WITH LOUNGE, OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER, SUN ROOM, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, SHOWER ROOM PLUS EN-SUITE, SOUTH WEST FACING REAR GARDENS, OFF STREET PARKING, GARAGE & NO ONWARD CHAIN!This delightful, semi-detached bungalow is ideally located on Harlow Avenue, Fawdon. ..."
"We welcome to the market this semi detached house located in Fenham. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of porch, hallway, lounge, dining area, snug, utility and kitchen. To the first floor is a landing, three bedrooms and bathroom. The property benefits from gas central..."
"The Cherry features an OPEN-PLAN kitchen and dining area, a separate spacious living room. French doors to rear. TWO DOUBLE bedrooms. EN SUITE to the master bedroom and a contemporary family bathroom. STORAGE cupboard. Two off-road parking spaces."
The Ellerton is designed with modern family living in mind. Downstairs offers a BRIGHT AND AIRY LOUNGE - perfect to unwind in after a busy day. Your LARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN is perfect for family meal times together whilst enjoying natural light from FRENCH DOORS. Head upstairs to find the main b...
"Immaculately presented contemporary three-bedroom end terrace family home is ideally positioned for access to Newcastle City Centre, A1 North / South road links, and Newcastle Airport as well as conveniently located in a popular residential area, within close proximity to well-regarded schools an..."
"Receive up to £11,000 mortgage contribution when you reserve Plot 23- The Daisy. READY TO MOVE IN FOR SUMMER. A superb THREE bedroom home with PRIVATE PARKING, ideal for first time buyers. SOUTH FACING GARDEN and OVERLOOKING OPEN COUNTRYSIDE SPACES. "
"Pattinson Welcome to the market this two bedroom home located in the popular residential area of Gosforth with fantastic transport links, amenities and schools very close. The property benefits from gas central heating, upvc double glazing and off street parking to the rear. Internally in compr..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT | THREE BEDROOMS | GARAGE & OFF STREET PARKING A well presented and much improved three bedroom semi-detached house located on the ever-popular Halton Drive situated in Woodlands Park ju...
"Receive up to £11,000 mortgage contribution when you reserve Plot 26- The Daisy. MOVE IN FOR SUMMER. Sought-after three-bedroom home with private PARKING. The Daisy is ideal for FIRST TIME BUYERS, this spectacular home benefits from a SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN KITCHEN and DINING AREA. "
"The Overton - The light-filled lounge opens on to a beautifully designed kitchen where french doors add a focal point, as well as flexibility, to the dining area. There is a conveniently self-contained laundry space, and the master bedroom includes an en-suite shower and a practical storage cupbo..."
"The Ellerton is a three bedroom home designed with modern family living in mind. Downstairs offers a bright and airy lounge - perfect to unwind in after a busy day. Your large open-plan kitchen is perfect for family meal times together whilst enjoying natural light from French doors. Upstairs, yo..."
"This bright and practical home is ideal for modern family living. The LARGE OPEN-PLAN KITCHEN with ample dining space has FRENCH DOORS leading out to the garden. The home also features a SPACIOUS LOUNGE for all of the family to relax in.
Upstairs the main bedroom has an EN SUITE shower room and t..."
"Receive up to £11,000 mortgage contribution when you reserve Plot 21- The Daisy. READY TO MOVE IN FOR SUMMER. A superb THREE bedroom home with PRIVATE PARKING, ideal for first time buyers. SOUTH FACING GARDEN and OVERLOOKING OPEN COUNTRYSIDE SPACES. "
"**THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW WHICH IS IDEALY LOCATED FOR DOCTORS, BUS ROUTES AND SCHOOLS**VIEWING ADVISED**COUNCIL TAX BAND =C **EPC = D**"
"We are delighted to the welcome to the market this detached bungalow on Kidderminster Drive in Chapel Park. The accommodation briefly comprises, an entrance hallway, lounge, fitted kitchen, a conservatory, there are two bedrooms and a bathroom. Other benefits include double glazing and gas ..."
"A superb Investment opportunity to purchase this 3 bedroom flat, rented until July 2024. The current rental income is £1200pcm until July 2023 then increases to £1300pcm until July 2024.  Situated within this prime location in Jesmond and close to local amenities, shops, cafes, ..."
"FOR SALE VIA Online Auction until 04/04/2023 12:00. Fees apply We welcome to the market this two bedroom Victorian terrace house located on Hedley Street, Gosforth. The property is ideally located just a stones throw away from Gosforth High Street with shops, cafes and restaurants all close by..."
"A well appointed and extended detached bungalow located within the popular Brunswick Green development. The property offers generous accommodation benefitting from two reception rooms, two double bedrooms with fitted wardrobes and conservatory. There is a modern fully fitted kitchen together with..."
"GROUND FLOOR, SPLIT LEVEL APARTMENT ICONIC BUILDING SITUATED IN THE HEART OF NEWCASTLE CITY CENTRE. NEWLY CONVERTED Ben Charles Ltd are delighted to offer this residential purchase or investment opportunity. The ground floor and lower ground floor of the iconic Turnbull Building h..."
"New to the market is this Shared Ownership property with NO onward chain. It has 3 bedrooms and is semi detached with parking. The lease has 999 years remaining and shares can be purchased from 25% £53,750. "
"An extended 3 bedroomed semi detached family house, well presented and pleasantly situated within a cul-de-sac in this sought after residential estate. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, the Entrance Porch leads to the Reception Hall and on to the 23' Lounge/Dining Roo..."
"Three Bedroom Link Detached House Two Balconies We have the pleasure to offer for sale this impressive three bedroom detached house located on the sought Rise development, Newcastle Upon Tyne. The property briefly comprises: entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, ground floor wc, stairs to first f..."
"MODERN DETACHED HOUSE WITH ROOF TERRACE, PARKING AND GARDEN...TERRIFIC VIEWS. Benetting from NO UPPER CHAIN. This three bedroom detached house is situated on the new build estate of 'The Rise' ideally located for great road links (A1, City Centre). <..."
**THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH A SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN AND EXTENDED GARAGE**POPULAR LOCATION**CLOSE TO MILE CASTLE AND KNOP LAW SCHOOLS**COUNCIL TAX BAND C**EPC = E**
"This 3 bedroom, semi detached house has been extensively modernized including new kitchen, bathroom, windows, carpets and decoration. The Reception Hall, with understair storage cupboard, leads to the duel aspect Lounge/Dining Room. The Kitchen is fitted with wall and base units, sink unit, e..."
Four bedroom detached house...
OPEN TO OFFERS .... Well-proportioned three bed detached located in a sought after road within this popular Westerhope development...
3 Bedroom Town House by Persimmon KEY FEATURES • Townhouse • End of terrace • 3 double bedrooms • Energy rating B • Beautifully presented • Lounge/diner • Breakfasting kitchen • Allocated parking • Enclosed rear garden • Popular development in the Village of Dinnington EXCELLENT O...
*** THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH GARDENS AND GARAGE - AVAILABLE WITH NO UPPER CHAIN - VIEWINGS RECOMMENDED ***
Well presented and much improved three bed semi-detached house on Abbey Farm estate...
"Rare to the market is this detached house located in Slatyford. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of porch, lounge, dining room, kitchen, family room and conservatory. To the first floor is a landing, master bedroom with en suite shower room, three further bedrooms and fam..."
We welcome to the market this spacious six bedroom upper maisonette flat situated on Simonside Terrace in the highly desirable area of Heaton. The property is currently tenanted under an HMO license. The property is positioned close to local amenities around Chillingham Road and also New...
"INVESTMENT OPORTUNITY | LET UNTIL 21ST AUGUST | £15,444 ANNUAL INCOME Jan Forster Estates welcome to the market this well presented three bedroom lower ground floor apartment on Osborne Terrace in Jesmond. The apartment is tenanted until August 2023 at £99 PPPW providing an annual incom..."
"This fabulous Penthouse apartment offers spacious living at the heart of Newcastle Quayside. This property offers a very good investment opportunity with a tenancy currently in place, or a City Centre Base from which to explore and enjoy the Quayside and Newcastle City Centre. "
A stunning two bedroom / two bathroom Apartment with parking located on the iconic Newcastle Quayside affording views of the River Tyne and Sage. Currently tenanted until September 2023. Potential Yield subject to position - 6.8 %
"Castlesteads Way - A modern and recently completed three bedroom town house, ideal for the family buyer. The property location offers fantastic access to the A1 Western Bypass and Newcastle City Centre. The area benefits from a number of local schools, both primary and senior as well as a good ra..."
"The Carleton is a popular three-bedroom home boasting a spacious open-plan kitchen/dining room and living room. The three bedrooms are all good-sized doubles. The family bathroom, downstairs WC and three very useful built-in storage cupboards mean that this home is as practical as it is stylish."
The Cooper features TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with EN SUITE to the master and stylish family bathroom. OPEN PLAN living and dining room with FRENCH DOORS accessing the rear garden with separate front facing kitchen and downstairs cloakroom. BRAND NEW and CHAIN FREE home
"The Seaton is a three-bedroom, three-storey home with an open-plan kitchen/diner, French doors to the garden, a lounge and walk-in storage. The first floor has two bedrooms and a bathroom and the master bedroom is on the second floor. Off-road parking and an enclosed porch are additional features."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are delighted to present this beautiful three bedroom semi-detached family home on the sought after St Buryan Crescent. The property has easy access to many local amenities including schoo...
"This deceptively spacious 2 bedroomed semi detached bungalow is delightfully situated within this sought after residential location. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, the Entrance Porch, with quarry tiled floor, leads to the 21' Reception Hall, with access to the lof..."
"This beautifully presented ground floor Tyneside apartment with two double bedrooms is located in the heart of Jesmond and is currently rented out until August 2023 where an internal inspection will be essential. Accommodation comprises: Ground Floor: Entrance vestibule, ha..."
The Potter features TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with an EN SUITE to the master bedroom and stylish family bathroom. OPEN PLAN living / dining area with elegant FRENCH DOORS to the rear garden. Plus a modern separate kitchen and downstairs CLOAKROOM and allocated parking. Perfect for first time buyers.
"The 2 bedroom Ashenford is ideal for first time buyers or those looking to downsize, with off street parking and a modern, open plan layout."
"We are delighted to market this very well presented three bedroom semi detached family home situated on Hexham Road in Throckley. The property briefly comprises to the ground floor: an entrance porch, a spacious open plan lounge, dining room and kitchen, a lean to, leading to the rear garden. ..."
"***TENANTS IN SITU*** LEASHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND B We are delighted to offer to the market this well-presented 3-bedroom first floor maisonette on Wolseley Gardens in Newcastle. The property offers a well-adapted layout, offering spacious and comfortable..."
"** Video Tour on Our YouTube Channel | ** Simply stunning three bedroom detached home situated in the highly sought after Peel Close in Seaton Burn, a quiet cul-de-sac on this exclusive development convenient for access to all the local amenities. Th..."
"2 Bedroom Semi-detached Bungalow for Sale KEY FEATURES • Semi-detached bungalow • 2 Bedrooms • Kitchen/diner • Sought-after location • Driveway for 2/3 vehicles • Good sized rear garden • Spacious lounge • Fitted wardrobes 2 BEDROOM BUNGALOW FOR SALE ON HALTON DRIVE, WIDEOPEN in a p..."
"** Video Tour on Our YouTube Channel | ** Offered for sale with no upper chain this six bedroom maisonette located close to all local amenities, excellent transport links and the Freeman hospital. The property briefly comprises:- entrance hallway, be..."
TO BE SOLD VIA Online Auction until 31/03/2023 12:15. Fees apply. Offered with no onward chain is this well presented two bed-roomed detached bungalow located within the popular residential estate in Dinnington. Well placed in a cul-de-sac location and having easy access to Newcastle Internati...
"A traditional extended three bedroom detached bungalow located within the leafy Brunswick Green development. The property has been extended to incorporate an additional bedroom together with extended kitchen. It also benefits from UPVC double glazing, gas fired central heating via combination boi..."
Investment opportunity | Pair of flats | Currently let out | Gardens to front and rear | Contact the office for further information
" Extremely rare to the market this immaculate beautiful three bedroom semi-detached house in a sought after area in Benton, close to schools, local shops and major transport links, briefly comprises: hall way, well presented living room with doors leading to open dining room and a modern galley..."
" A FANTASTIC 3 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED ON THIS HIGHLY DESIRABLE RESIDENTIAL CUL DE SAC. The property is conveniently situated for access to amenities including schools, shops and transport links. The house has been extensively renovated by the current owners and boasts an ex..."
"Red Hot Sales and Lettings are delighted to bring to the market this two bedroom terrace house located on the popular Hexham Road in Heddon on the Wall. Offered for sale with no forward chain the property comprises of; entrance hall, lounge, dining kitchen, and bathroom to the ground floor, whil..."
4 bedroom semi-detached house with well presented and spacious accommodation... 
"Alexander Hudson Estates are excited to introduce to market this bright and spacious, ground-floor apartment with two double bedrooms situated in a secure gated complex within the increasingly popular area of Benton. Close-by to a range of amenities, restaurants and transport links for ease of ac..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are pleased to welcome to the market this spacious six bedroom second floor flat situated on Shields Road, Byker. The property is positioned close to many local amenities, shops, supermarkets, and ..."
"Modern home ideal for a first time buy or family home. The property is located in the popular development of Northumberland Park being close to transport links and amenities including metro and bus routes, Sainsburys supermarket and close to the A19 allowing easy access to the Coast and Newcastle."
Wonderfully presented 3 bed town house located in Newcastle upon Tyne **CHAIN FREE** Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Well appointed kitchen with base and wall units Spacious and cosy living room Master bedroom with en-suite shower room...
"Four Bedroom Maisonette with Enclosed West Facing Rear Yard & No Onward Chain! This upper floor maisonette is ideally located on Audley Road, South Gosforth. Audley Road, situated a stones-throw from South Gosforth Metro Station, The Brandling Villa and Sainsbury's Local, is the ideal location fo..."
"IMMACULATE DETACHED HOUSE - RECENTLY RENOVATED WITH A CONVERTED GARAGE CREATING EXTRA RECEPTION ROOM/BEDROOM.  Situated in a courtyard setting within easy reach of good road links, bus routes and local shops. The flexible accommodation cu..."
"This purpose built modern second floor apartment has two double bedrooms, open plan living, balcony with beautiful views over roof tops and across to The Sage and Tyne Bridge, ideal for investors as the property is currently rented out. Accommodation comprises: Ground Floor:..."
Heaton Property is delighted to welcome this wonderful three-bedroom house to the sales market. This lovely quiet house is located in a private development in a very sought-after part of Newcastle upon Tyne. The house has a bright entrance and living room on the ground floor with a moder...
" Stunning three bedroom end terrace house on this highly sought area Backworth. Stylish and superbly presented throughout and briefly comprising: modern kitchen/diner, lounge, spacious reception room currently being used as an office with shower room and sunroom. There are three beautifully pre..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** FULLY REFURBISHED THROUGHOUT | THREE BEDROOMS | SEMI DETACHED | OFF-STREET PARKING Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this immaculately presented semi detached family home with off-st...
"A super stylish two bedroom / two bathroom apartment located on Newcastle Quayside. A fabulous City Centre Base or investment opportunity with a tenancy currently in place and achieving £1,000 PCM. "
Three bedroom semi-detached house occupying a corner plot offered with no upper chain.
"This modern, spacious and new to the market apartment welcomes city living on the cosmopolitan, prestigious Quayside of Newcastle. Located in the ever popular Quayside Lofts development, the apartment is well-presented and benefits from natural light throughout."
"Offered for sale and CHAIN FREE is this spacious terraced, two bedroom bungalow. The property has been updated and altered internally by current owner to allow easy access, with a spacious hallway and moved doors, the rooms are all a spacious size with good dimensions. Andromeda Court is sit..."
"Mansons are pleased to present to the sales market this well appointed two bedroom ground floor Tyneside flat situated on Coniston Avenue, West Jesmond. Located in an excellent position, just ""a stone's throw away"" from the shops on Acorn Road and the West Jesmond Metro Station. The property com..."
LOWER GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT ICONIC BUILDING SITUATED IN THE HEART OF NEWCASTLE CITY CENTRE. NEWLY CONVERTED Ben Charles Ltd are delighted to offer this residential purchase or investment opportunity. The ground floor and lower ground floor of the iconic Turnbull Building have bee...
"This Ashbury home has been substantially improved internally. Presented to an extremely high standard and benefitting from under floor heating to the ground floor, cloakroom/wc and a modern fitted en-suite to the master bedroom. There is off street parking to the front and an enclosed rear garden."
*** No Onward Chain *** Freehold *** Pretty Rear Garden *** Driveway Parking *** Possible Three Double Bedrooms *** Attractive Living Room *** Recent Kitchen & Bathroom *** Conservatory *** Ready To Move Into *** *** Sought After Location *** Metro Station 0.3 miles Away *** Road Links...
"This three bedroom semi detached property is well placed for the A1, bus and metro links along with local shops."
"SPACIOUS SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW ON A GENEROUS PLOT WITH DRIVEWAY, CARPORT AND GARAGE. In need of modernisation and ideally situated for easy access to all local amenites including shops, supermarkets and bus routes. The accommodation comprises:- hallw..."
"Brand new to the sales market is this recently extended, four bedroom semi-detached home situated on Stretton Way, Backworth, available with no upper chain. This gorgeous property showcases modern décor and styling throughout as well as being local to a great range of useful amenities such as Nor..."
"Three/four bedroom semi-detached family home with a generous sized rear garden. The property is ideally placed for local schools, Metro and local shops."
"Recently refurbished 3 bedroom end terraced home, enjoying an attractive walkway frontage within this popular residential area. With generous rear garden including vehicle access for parking leading to single garage. Accommodation Comprises; Entrance Hall to attractive open plan recep..."
3 Bedroom Town House ‘The Swale' by Persimmon KEY FEATURES • Townhouse • 3 double bedrooms • Energy rating B (EPC booked in and will be available soon) • Practical hard flooring • Neutral interior and décor • Lounge/diner • Breakfasting kitchen • Allocated parking • Rear garden • Qui...
"Offered for sale is this semi detached house located in Denton Burn. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen and utility. To the first floor is a landing, three bedrooms and bathroom. Externally, there are gardens to the side and rear, d..."
"Situated within a cul de sac and featuring a lovely open outlook from the rear aspect, we are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom semi detached house which will make a perfect home for a buyer who is looking to style and develop a home to their own taste. The house has double glazin..."
"Peel Towers - Superb ground floor apartment, high internal specification, spacious rooms. Accessed via an exceptionally well maintained communal entrance hall which leads to the front door of this impressive property which comprises of entrance hallway, open plan lounge/dining/breakfast ki..."
"Very well presented and deceptively spacious, semi-detached bungalow situated on Langdon Road within this extremely popular location. The property is warmed via gas central heating and has the benefit of uPVC double glazing. Carpets and blinds are to be included, and the accommodation comprises:..."
"For sale by auction, Jubilee Cottage is a unique large semi detached house which is set over three floors, located in Grainger Park. The property displays a plaque commemorating Queen Victoria's Diamond Jubilee. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of vestibule, hallway, loun..."
"We are delighted to the welcome to the market this immaculate semi-detached bungalow on Chadderton Drive in Chapel House. We have been advised by the current owner that the property has been fully renovated in 2019, including a new central heating system (radiators & boiler), plumbing, electri..."
"IMMACULATE SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW, MODERNISED WITH GENEROUS GARDENS. Situated in the popular Woodlands Park Estate in Wideopen well positioned and within walking distance to local shops, good bus routes and local pub. With NO UPPER CHAIN. The prop..."
"This well appointed two bedroom apartment is situated on the top (second) floor of this highly sought after modern development within Gosforth, boasting a prime location just off Broadway West. Conveniently located near Regent Centre Metro Station, the property offers easy access into central Gos..."
"Jan Forster Estates are pleased to present this three bedroom end terrace house positioned in a popular area in Longbenton with the benefit of no onward chain. This property is in a great location, close to a range of shops on Longbenton Boulevard and the nearby Four Lane Ends and there ..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduces to market this three-bedroom family home with open-plan living and conservatory extension, situated on a tree-lined street on a substantial corner plot in the residential area of Walkergate. Close-by to a metro station, local amenities including a large superma..."
"Ideal investment opportunity. A three-bedroom, semi-detached property in need of renovation with plentiful potential benefitting from double glazing, mains services and no onward chain. The accommodation briefly comprises of entrance hallway providing access to a bright and spacious l..."
"A well presented two bedroom ground floor Tyneside flat situated on the popular terrace of Hazelwood Avenue. The property boasts period features and has recently had some improvements including bathroom WC, kitchen, boiler and central heating upgrades. Briefly comprising; Entrance vestibule, hal..."
"Well presented luxury first floor two bedroom apartment which is ideally located within the High Quay development, on Newcastle's Quayside. High Quay provides access to Newcastle's famous Quayside, with its wide variety of bar's, cafes and restaurants, as well as the up and coming to Ouseburn, a..."
"A must view and unique property with spacious open plan living, three reception rooms and stunning views over-looking Killingworth Lake. Situated close to local amenities including Killingworth Shopping Centre with a Morrison's Supermarket and popular local schools."
***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** Set within this popular residential area and offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this end terraced house which will appeal to a wide range of potential purchasers. Conveniently situated for access ...
"Occupying a pleasant position and situated on a corner plot is this versatile two bedroomed, two reception semi detached bungalow. Offered with no onward chain and in a sought after location this home benefits from gas central heating, double glazing, garage and driveway. Appealing to a wide rang..."
Pairs of flats for sale!! Severus road NE4 9HT
"Mansons Property Consultants are delighted to bring to the sales market this lovely two-bedroom, first floor conversion apartment, located on Osborne Road in Jesmond. Superbly located for access to Newcastle's City Centre, Jesmond and transport links including the Tyne & Wear Metro. The property..."
"Stunning Apartment - Corner View Immaculate, impressive first floor apartment, occupying a lovely corner position in this popular development. Comprising of an entrance hallway with large walk in storage, open plan lounge / dining room, modern kitchen with integrated applicances, gen..."
Fantastic opportunity to purchase a 3 bedroom semi-detached family home with great corner plot and lots of potential located on Garthfield Crescent in Westerhope...
A beautifully presented three bedroom end of terrace house with a low maintenance garden and a double driveway.
"A stunning family home, overflowing with style and features. We are delighted to bring to the market for sale this very special three-bedroom semi-detached house which really must be viewed in person to fully appreciate. Located on the sought after Bexley Avenue, within the popular area of Den..."
*** Two Bedroom Extended Semi Detached Bungalow - Available with No Upper Chain *** 
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduce to the market this well presented and maintained, two bedroom tenanted investment opportunity. Currently tenanted until June 2023 at a rent of £10,140pa (£97.50pppw) and pre-let for 2023 - 2024 at a rent of £11,960pa (£115pppw) making thi..."
"Four bed semi detached house on Creighton Avenue in the sought after area of Montagu Estate.
Being Sold with No Upper Chain the property would make an ideal family home or first time purchase. The property benefits from excellent road access via the A1 North and South with links to Newcastle cit..."
"SIMPLY STUNNING........ BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED three bedroom semi detached property on this highly sought after estate in Blakelaw, Newcastle. Built by Barratt Homes in 2016, this deceptively spacious, versatile property will make an ideal purchase for any buyer looking for a ready made home i..."
"We welcome to the market this end terraced house located in Fenham. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, dining room and kitchen. To the first floor is a landing, four bedrooms and bathroom. Externally there are gardens to the front and rear, and a garage..."
The 2 bedroom Canford with private driveway is a modern home ideal for first time buyers or those downsizing.
"A beautiful 4 bedroom semi-detached house is up for sale. The property has four bedrooms, one bathroom and two en-suites. "
"The Canford with 2 double bedrooms is well suited to first time buyers or those looking to downsize, with allocated parking to the front of the home."
"THE BALTIMORE a modern apartment that features TWO LARGE DOUBLE bedrooms - one of which benefits from an EN SUITE - a dual-aspect OPEN PLAN kitchen, living, and dining space, excellent storage facilities, plus a modern bathroom. "
"The Blacksmith features TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with stylish family bathroom, an OPEN-PLAN living and dining room with FRENCH DOORS leading into rear garden, separate front facing fitted kitchen and downstairs cloakroom. Off road parking. BRAND NEW CHAIN FREE HOME discover more today."
Four bedroom townhouse situated on the popular Central Grange estate. Benefitting from integrated garage and off street parking. Westerly facing rear garden.
"Signature North East are delighted to present this fantastic opportunity to acquire a pair of flats on Newburn Road, Newburn. Both flats offer two bedrooms and tasteful décor and styling throughout. This property is situated within proximity of a range of cafes and shops and provides strong trans..."
"**LOCATED ON THE POPULAR STREET OF GROSVENOR WAY, CHAPEL PARK**A SHORT WALK AWAY FROM ST JOHN VIANNEY AND KNOP LAW SCHOOLS WHICH ARE RATED OUTSTANDING BY OFSTEAD** HIGH FINISHES**COUNCIL TAX BAND B**EPC = D** "
"** TWO BEDROOM CHARACTER PROPERTY IN CONVERTED BUILDING SITUATED ON THE NEWCASTLE QUAYSIDE ** Located in Hanover Mill, this apartment gives you all the benefits of modern living but with the added bonus of character. Benefitting from allocated parking, fob entry access and a quayside location th..."
"SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW IN GREAT POSITION, WITH LARGER THAN AVERAGE DELIGHTFUL REAR GARDEN, DRIVEWAY AND GARAGE. The accommodation briefly comprises:- porch, lounge, kitchen, two good sized bedrooms and newly fitted shower room/w.c. Externally the gardens has been lovingly ..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Offered for sale with no upper chain this charming two bedroom semi detached property must be viewed. Located within a new build development close to Havannah Nature Reserve and excellent transport links, the property..."
"To be sold via online auction - 03/04/2023 12:00. Fees apply. Offered with no onward chain is this larger style three bedroom mid terrace house which is ideally located close to all local amenities, good schools and Chillingham Road Metro Station. The accommodation comprises; entrance hall wit..."
Three bedroom end link on corner plot and ideal for range of buyers...
"Set within Ponteland, this fabulous second floor, two bedroom apartment offers many buyers spacious and comfortable living accommodation. Ponteland is renowned for its excellent facilities and accessible schooling which is a buyer incentive. This well presented apartment is ready to move into."
"Located on the grounds of the former Christ Church, this immaculate first floor apartment in this favourable residential area, in Forest Hall. Conveniently placed within close proximity to the Village of Forest Hall with its shops, restaurants, leisure facilities, and schools. Great public tran..."
"A well appointed traditional semi detached house located within this popular residential area well positioned for access to local schools, shops, amenities, and transport links. The property is ideally suited for a growing family and benefits from a 17ft dining kitchen with solid oak flooring, la..."
"Enjoy this superb home that is well placed close to A1 and A19 Road links, Newcastle International Airport and bus routes to Gosforth and Central Newcastle. The amenities of Newcastle Great Park are close-by, and the house is within the catchment area for Gosforth schools. Internally this home..."
" A modern extended three bedroom semi detached house located within Garden Village, Gosforth. Well positioned within easy walking distance to the Regent Centre Interchange, shops and amenities. The property is ideally suited for a first time buyer and benefits from a Southerly facing first floor..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are pleased to present this two bedroom detached bungalow with a garage which enjoys an enviable position on the popular Knivestone Court, a highly sought after street in Killingworth with the bene..."
We are delighted to offer this well presented three bedroom semi detached town house situated in the popular area of Blakelaw close to local amenities and excellent transport links. The property benefits garage and parking with en-suite to master. The accommodation briefly comprises of:- Entranc...
4 bedroom semi-detached house with well laid out accommodation ideal for a range of buyers...
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** FOUR BEDROOMS | NO ONWARCH CHAIN | SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Well presented four bedroom terraced home situated on a superb plot with South facing rear garden in a popular residential area of Gosforth. ...
"A 2 bedroomed first floor apartment, pleasantly situated within this purpose built block, well placed for Ponteland's excellent local amenities. With scope for some cosmetic updating, sealed unit double glazing and a secure entry system, a communal hall, stairs and landing lead to the apartment i..."
"THE NUTHATCH is a contemporary apartment that features TWO LARGE DOUBLE bedrooms, one of which benefits from an EN SUITE shower room. OPEN PLAN kitchen, living, and dining space plus a modern bathroom. Ideal for young professionals or first time buyers looking for central location"
"Constructed in 2002, Highbridge provides an impressive courtyard development, well placed for access to Regent Centre metro and bus links, Gosforth amenities and A1 North / South road links. Occupying a southerly corner position within the much favoured rear block, this top floor apartment enjoys..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates introduce to the market, this beautifully presented, bright and spacious, four-bedroom family hom, situated in the popular residential area of West Moor. Close to local shops, schools, and amenities, this represents a fantastic opportunity to acquire a beautiful home in a..."
"FULLY RENOVATED FAMILY HOME IN THIS CONVENIENT LOCATION....WITHIN EASY REACH OF METRO STATION, AND WITH GOOD ROAD LINKS. Benefitting from newly fitted stylish kitchen, modern four piece bathroom, decor, flooring, rewire and full heating system including boiler, t..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** This lovely home will make an ideal purchase or the first time buyer or the young family. The house is positioned in a well regarded location, Tudor Grange and will make the perfect home for the buyer seeking an affor..."
"An immaculately presented, LARGER STYLE one bedroom retirement apartment located on the first floor of this fabulous purpose built development, with a lovely open aspect over the communal gardens. Completed around 10 years ago, this apartment offers assisted living for those aged 70+, incorporat..."
"**New to the Market** We are pleased to welcome this 3 Bedroom Upper Floor Flat in Gosforth, Newcastle Upon Tyne. The property is ideally situated on Salters Road off Gosforth High Street and has excellent transport links to Newcastle city centre and beyond. This is a well presented 3 bedro..."
"This delightful two bedroom Manhattan style loft apartment situated in the heart of the City of Newcastle with immediate access to transport links across the city and adjacent to the main central railway station. Situated on the 5th floor of this luxury apartment complex, with lift acc..."
Wonderfully presented 4 bedroom third floor apartment in Newcastle Upon Tyne Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Generously sized open plan kitchen living dining room Bright and airy living area with Juliet balcony Modern and well-appointed kitchen uni...
"We are proud to present this Two Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £180,000 - £200,000*"
Built in 1991 this two bedroom ground floor apartment set in lovely communal grounds and ideally located for transport links to the City Centre and Coast.
"We are delighted to the welcome to the market this detached bungalow on Newdene Walk in Dumpling Hall . The accommodation briefly comprises, a spacious porch, hallway, lounge, dining room or bedroom three, L-shaped kitchen and a sunroom, there are two bedrooms and a family bathroom. Other b..."
"A spacious and well-presented two-bedroom fifth floor apartment occupying a particularly pleasant corner position within the popular Bar development in Saint James Gate, Newcastle city centre. No Forward Chain."
"A much improved, 2 bedroom first floor apartment, within this sought after, purpose built development. Immaculately presented and appointed, the accommodation has sealed unit double glazing and electric heating and is entered via a security entry system. A Communal Entrance Hall leads to the firs..."
"A Stylish Two Bedroom / Two Bathroom Apartment with allocated parking on the iconic Newcastle Quayside. The property is ideally suited to Buy To Let Investors given the Quayside has a vibrant rental market, or First Time Buyers who are looking to enjoy all the sites and sounds of the the ..."
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS | NO ONWARD CHAIN | IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT Jan Forster Estates have the pleasure of welcoming this stunning ‘Ash’ from Bellway on Winder Drive in Havannah Park, with two double bedrooms, ground floor WC and off street parking. Havannah Park is a development o..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A superbly located 2 bedroom first Floor apartment within this sought after purpose built development. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, a communal hall, stairs and landing provides access to the property. The Entrance vestibule leads to the Recepti..."
"Mansons are pleased to offer for sale this two bedroom, two bathroom first floor apartment, located in the ever popular Connaught Mews development off St Georges Terrace in Jesmond, allowing easy access to local amenities and the City Centre. The property briefly consists of entrance to the dev..."
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS | NO ONWARD CHAIN | SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this well presented two double bedroom semi detached bungalow with car port, garage, beautiful enclosed rear garden, and multi vehicle off-street parking. ..."
**THREE BEDROOM SEMI DEATCHED HOUSE IDEALLY LOCATED NEXT TO TRANSPORT LINKS & SCHOOLS***COUNCIL TAX BAND B**EPC = C***
"Mansons are pleased to present to the sales market this well appointed two bedroom ground floor flat situated in a prime location in West Jesmond , located in an excellent position. The property comprises of entrance lobby and hallway, which provides access to the two bedrooms and living room. Th..."
"*****WE ARE PLEASED TO OFFER FOR SALE THIS END TERRACED HOUSE WHICH OCCUPIES A PLEASANT COURTYARD POSITION***** in a popular residential area. There is easy access to local amenities including shops, schools, road links, public transport and Metro links to nearby centres.  The property is a..."
"Receive up to £9,000 mortgage contribution when you reserve Plot 29 The Poppy. This spectacular home is ideal for first time buyers. The SPACIOUS bright family room is perfect for relaxing with natural light from the French doors. Plot 29 benefits from a private drive on this exclusive development"
"Receive up to £9,000 mortgage contribution when you reserve Plot 28 The Poppy. Exclusive semi-detached plot with private drive and generous garden. The spacious family room is the perfect place to unwind enjoying natural light from the French doors which lead out to the garden."
**** THREE GOOD SIZE BEDROOMS **** ENSUITE TO MASTER **** DOWNSTAIRS WC **** GARAGE **** PARKING FOR UP TO THREE VEHICLES **** GENEROUS CORNER PLOT **** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED **** Nicely situated on Poplar Grove is this three-bedroom semi-detached house. The home was built by Be...
"**SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM END OF TERRACE HOUSE* 360 VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE** VIEWINGS IN PERSON WELCOMED**PRIVATE PARKING TO THE REAR**CLOSE TO OUTSTANDING SCHOOLS, DOCTORS AND AMEMITES**COUNCIL TAX BAND B**EPC = C**"
"**SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW**IDEALLY LOCATED NEXT TO LOCAL AMENITIES, SCHOOLS AND DOCTORS**VIEWING ADVISED**COUNCIL TAX BAND B**EPC = D**"
"Fabulous SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW located in this very popular area. Boasting two bedrooms, sun room, garage, driveway and gardens. Well presented throughout this lovely home is sure to be popular with a variety of potential purchasers and we highly recommend early viewing."
Three bedroom link detached in great condition.
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** FULLY REFURBISHED | TWO BEDROOMS | DOUBLE DRIVE Jan Forster Estates have the pleasure of welcoming to the market this immaculate two bedroom semi detached bungalow on Renwick Avenue, Fawdon. Having undergone..."
"THREE BEDROOMS | SEMI DETACHED HOME | 27FT LOUNGE DINER Jan Forster Estates welcome to the market this well presented semi detached family home on Rogerson Terrace in Westerhope with 27ft lounge diner, conservatory, and four piece bathroom. Briefly comprising; entrance hallway, ..."
"A beautifully appointed and presented 3 bedroomed semi detached house, extended to provide spacious family accommodation. The Entrance Hall leads to the Reception Hall and on to the Lounge, with pebble style real flame gas fire within an attractive surround, bay to the front and ornate corniced c..."
"A two bedroom ground floor apartment, situated in the popular Darras Mews development, within the Exclusive Darras Hall Estate, close to local shops, doctors, dentist, bus services and other amenities. A two bedroom ground floor retirement apartment, with warden assisted living, situa..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** THREE BEDROOMS | SEMI DETACHED | OFF-STREET PARKING Jan Forster Estates are pleased to welcome to the market this semi detached home with no onward chain, which enjoys an enviable position in Stagshaw, locat..."
"**South Jesmond Conservation Area**South Facing Private Patio Garden**Integral Garage** A purpose built ground floor apartment, well positioned for access to all Jesmond amenities. Exceeding 1,000 square the property includes a Communal Entrance a Private Reception Hall with built-in storage, a L..."
"This 2 bedroomed mid terraced house offers deceptively spacious accommodation and enjoys far reaching views over the Tyne Valley. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, the Entrance Hall leads to the Reception Hall and on to the 27' through Lounge/Dining Room, the focal po..."
"A three bedroom semi detached house located on Hadrian Road, Fenham. The property would is well postioned with access to the West Road and itrs extensive range of amenities. The property briefly comprises: entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, stairs to first floor, three bedrooms and show..."
"Wonderful First Floor Conversion Apartment Situated within a Prestigious & Gated, Grade II Listed Development Offering Lounge/Diner, Kitchen, One Double Bedroom and Bathroom with an Allocated Parking Space, Delightful South Facing Communal Gardens & No Onward Chain. This lovely, first floo..."
Beautifully presented 4 bed semi detached family home located in Newcastle upon Tyne. Comprising of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Modernised kitchen with high gloss base units and integrated appliances Access to private patio and garden via french doors Sp...
"We welcome to the market this semi detached house located in Grainger Park. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of porch, hallway/dining room, kitchen and lounge. To the first floor is a landing, three bedrooms, bathroom and separate WC.  Externally there are gardens to..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Jan Forster Estates are pleased to welcome to the market this second floor apartment in the leafy Wyncote Court. Situated in the popular location of Jesmond Park East, close to local amenities, transport links, Paddy..."
"Urban Base are delighted to bring to the market this spacious, two bedroom apartment located in the heart of the City. With the benefit of secure parking, the property offers an ideal investment or first time buyer opportunity. The property comprises; 2 double bedrooms, spacious living/d..."
"AVAILABLE NOW - A Two Bedroom mid link bungalow offering deceptively spacious accommodation within this sought after location. The Entrance vestibule has doors to the inner hall, door to utility area, garage and door to the rear garden. The Hall opens to Lounge with sliding patio doors to garden,..."
"Originally constructed in the 1960’s for British Telecom, Swan House was dramatically remodelled in 2003 to create 55 Degrees North. This iconic landmark apartment building enjoys easy access to both Newcastle City Centre and Quayside amenities and provides residents with an on-site concier..."
"A superb fully refurbished three bedroom mid terraced house with westerly facing garden. The property would appeal to a variety of potential purchasers and is well positioned for access to local shops, amenities and transport links as well as being a short distance to the A1 motorway. Briefly..."
EASY INVESTMENT / TENANTS IN UNTIL AUGUST 2023 / £795PCM RENT / ATTRACTIVE LOCATION !   
***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** OFFERING A WEALTH OF CHARM AND CHARACTER is this impressive two bedroom mid terraced home. Benefiting from gas central heating and double glazing and offering living space which includes a generous open...
" A spacious upper flat situated in the heart of Shieldfield within walking distance to the local amenities, Northumbria University and Newcastle City Centre. Transport links include the nearby Manors Metro Station and Central Motorway. The property briefly comprises of; Landing leading to loung..."
"This impressive and remodelled first floor apartment has a lovely open plan living space, with two double bedrooms, as well as kitchen and refurbished bathroom all located in the heart of Heaton and ideally suited for first time buyers and couples and an internal inspection will be essential. "
"Situated within this popular purpose built block of apartments is this very well appointed and immaculate, second floor apartment. Dene Court is located on the leafy Jesmond Park East, on the periphery of Jesmond Dene. The private accommodation briefly comprises; reception hall, superb lounge enj..."
"** TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT IN EVER POPULAR NORTHUMBERLAND ROAD LOCATION ** Located centrally on Northumberland Road, this two bedroom apartment, offers easy access for the amenities of Northumberland Street, Eldon Square and the Quayside. Benefitting from a private garage to the rear, sash windows ..."
"** CITY CENTRE FIFTH FLOOR APARTMENT WITH UPGRADED KITCHEN AND HEATING SYSTEM ** Situated in the popular FiftyFive Degrees North Development, is this two bedroom apartment located on the fifth floor. The apartment benefits from concierge service, lift access and views overlooking the City of Newc..."
*360 Degree Virtual Tour Available* We are delighted to present this stunning Two bedroom apartment in the centre of Newcastle to market. This unique property is one of the most impressive flats available within this fantastic development. The property is part of the Listed Pandongate Bu...
"Jan Mitchell Properties are delighted to offer for sale this deceptively spacious and immaculately presented three bedroom property with open plan living, downstairs w/c and sunny South facing rear garden tucked away on the popular Links Green Walk development in the heart of Gosforth. "
"** CITY CENTRE, TOP FLOOR APARTMENT WITH UNIQUE FEATURES IN CONVERTED PERIOD BUILDING ** Located on Westgate Road, Blenheim House sits conveniently for access to the amenities of the City Centre. With it's open plan living area, this two bedroom apartment benefits from lift access, high ceilings ..."
"We welcome to the market this semi detached house located in Slatyford. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen, inner hallway, shower room and conservatory. To the first floor is a landing, three bedrooms, bathroom and WC. Externally ar..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY . VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE .
Mansons are delighted to offer to the sales market this two bedroom apartment situated on Newcastle's Quayside.
The property briefly comprises; communal entrance, entrance to the apartment, hall, living room with a balcony looking on to the River ..."
"A LOVELY ONE BEDROOM, FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT WITH OPEN PLAN LIVING/KITCHEN AREA AND VACANT POSSESSION A lovely one bedroom, first floor apartment with open views to the attractive communal gardens, and beyond to the adjacent school playing field. The well presented flat, in this exclusive reti..."
"THE CHAFFINCH is a contemporary apartment that features TWO DOUBLE bedrooms - one of which benefits from an EN SUITE shower room - a dual-aspect OPEN PLAN kitchen, living, and dining space. Ideal for young professionals and first time buyers in a central location to Newcastle city centre"
"OFFER OF THE MONTH The Chaffinch is a stylish 2-bedroom apartment, Reserve before the end of April to receive FLOORING throughout and LEGAL FEES PAID. Perfect starter home for FIRST TIME BUYERS Speak with our sales advisor for further details. Terms and conditions apply."
"Inviting offers at £170,000 for this modern two bedroom end terraced property. This well designed house was built by 'Cussins' approximately three years ago and has remaining builders warranty. ""Meadow Hills"" is a beautiful development within Throckley surrounded by cou..."
"Signature North East is thrilled to present this stunning three-bedroom semi-detached home, located on the sought-after residential street of Hartside Crescent, Backworth, which is available with no upper chain. This lovely home boasts a contemporary decor and spacious living areas throughout. Ad..."
"Urban Base are delighted to offer to the sale market this spacious two bedroom apartment located in Hannover Mill. Located on the iconic Newcastle Quayside affording views of the River Tyne, this spacious apartment offers the ultimate in City living. In close proximity to the restaurants, bars..."
" This impressive beautifully presented Two Bedroom end terrace situated on the highly sought after area, in Forest Hall. An outstanding house perfect for first time buyer’s with excellent room sizes. The property is being sold with the benefit of no upper chain and briefly comprises: Entra..."
"To be sold via online auction. 03/04/2023 11:30. Fees apply. A five-bedroom terraced house located on Agricola Road, Fenham. The property is situated close to the West Road, with an excent range of local amenities and great transport links. The accommodation briefly comprises entrance hallway,..."
"Be prepared to be wowed by this stunning property! You must view it to appreciate the size of this property! It Is a very spacious apartment! The building is very well maintained, with entrance via an intercom, and a communal lift. As you enter, you are met by a long hallway, leading y..."
"Pair of flats for sale !!
NO CHAIN!!!"
"Situated on the beautiful Newcastle Quayside, is this fantastic two bedroom apartment. available for sale to investors. Offering spacious and modern living areas throughout, the accommodation operates within Council Tax Band D and benefits from stunning views across the River Tyne. The ..."
"Nicely located with an open aspect to the rear, this mid-terraced house is offered with no upper chain. The property is ideally suited for either the first time buyer, family or investment opportunity and is conveniently located close to shops, parks, schools, hospitals, amenities and transp..."
"360 VIRTUAL TOUR - FIRST FLOOR FLAT - THREE BEDROOMS - GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY Brunton Residential are pleased to introduce to the market this three bedroom first floor flat on Tintern Crescent in Heaton. This flat is located within a sought after area just off Heaton Road, providing easy access..."
"******STUNNING QUAYSIDE LOCATION****** GUIDE PRICE BETWEEN £170,000 - £180,000 An exceptional two bedroom apartment situated on the popular Newcastle Quayside. This exclusive development was completed in 2006 and offers a contemporary external design with modern internal open plan living. A fa..."
"This contemporary well proportioned, three bedroom townhouse situated in a new development, with good road access onto the main arterial routes A1 north and south making the Metrocentre and Newcastle International Airport easily within reach. Also within walking distance is Kingston Park metro st..."
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS | CORNER PLOT | GARAGE & OFF-STREET PARKING Jan Forster Estates present to the market this two double bedroom semi detached bungalow on Cresswell Drive in Red House Farm, offered for sale with the benefit of no onward chain. The bungalow sits on a substantial corner ..."
"Exciting stylish Quayside apartment for sale! Bridgfords are proud to welcome to the market this 1st floor 2 bedroomed property benefits from two balconies on either side of the apartment so you aren’t limited, open living space and kitchen with 1 bathroom and en-suite. This well..."
"*** CITY LIVING WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN *** This is a superbly presented third floor, two bedroom luxury apartment situated within minutes walk of Newcastle Quayside and a short distance from Newcastle City Centre. The accommodation comprises in brief:- Secure communal entrance w..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** NO ONWARD CHAIN | THREE BEDROOMS | SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this three bedroom semi detached house situated on a superb plot with substantial West faci...
*** Video tour*** Just click the tour button. Noel Harris Home Sales are pleased to present this outstandingly spacious two bedroomed first floor flat which is located in a very sought after part of Heaton. The well decorated rooms benefit from good natural light and are warmed with gas central...
TO BE SOLD VIA ONLINE AUCTION UNTIL (18/04/2023 12:00). Fees Apply. We welcome to the auction this well presented two bedroom bungalow located in a cul de sac location on the popular residential area of Kingston Park. There are an array of amenities nearby to include Kingston Park Retail Par...
FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR POSSIBILITY FOR CONVERSION INTO RESIDENTIAL FIRST FLOOR MAISONETTE 2 BEDROOMS 1 BATHROOMS GREAT LOCATION FOR STUDENTS COUNCIL TAX BAND B Current Tenancy 18/08/202217/08/2023 £368.50 x 2 = £737
Three bedroom semi-detached house offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN...
We are delighted to offer this rare opportunity to purchase 2 stunning flats! Both upstairs and downstairs properties are well presented and finished to a high standard with plenty of natural light throughout. Both homes benefit from spacious living rooms. The kitchens are highly f...
"Well presented two bedroom corner plot detached bungalow is located in a popular residential location on Oliver Avenue in Fenham. Situated to the West of Newcastle City Centre, the area offers easy access to Newcastle City Centre and Metro Centre, as well as being within walking proximity to loca..."
"A two storied upper maisonette located on the sought after Spital Tounges area of Newcastle. The property is sure to appeal to a first time buyer and is offer for sale with no chain. The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance lobby, first floor landing which opens into two bedrooms. The is als..."
"PENTHOUSE APARTMENT | TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS | LIFT TO ALL FLOORS Jan Forster Estates welcome to the market this penthouse apartment that will appeal to a variety of buyers. Positioned in an ideal location; offering easy access to the Regent Centre, Metro Links and well regarded schools. T..."
"Receive up to £8,500 mortgage contribution when you reserve Plot 13 The Poppy. MOVE IN FOR SUMMER. Sought-after plot with private drive with parking spaces and generous garden. The Poppy is ideal for first time buyers in an exclusive development with great connections to Newcastle city centre."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** THREE BEDROOMS | OFF-STREET PARKING | IMMACULATE THROUGHOUT This beautifully presented and much improved three bedroom semi-detached house would make the ideal purchase for the first time buyer or growing fa...
Two bedroom detached bungalow in lovely position overlooking the Dene... 
"Spacious semi-detached bungalow situated on Chudleigh Gardens within this popular location. The property is warmed via gas central heating and has the benefit of uPVC double glazing and a security alarm system. The accommodation comprises: front entrance hall, living room with a feature fire su..."
TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS **** EXTENDED TO REAR **** SUPERB KITCHEN/DINER **** READY TO MOVE INTO VERY MUCH IMPROVED **** LOVELY SOUTH-FACING GARDEN TO REAR *** AMPLE OFF-STREET PARKING SPACE We offer for sale this very much improved two bedroom semi-detached house. The home has been ...
"For sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, this FREEHOLD, three bedroom Mid Terraced House is CONVENIENTLY SITUATED in Rodney Street just off the Riverside and is ideally placed for road links into NEWCASTLE CITY CENTRE. The house is currently tenanted but is to be sold with VACANT POSSESSION. The images us..."
Live life at the heart of Newcastle Quayside! This property represents and excellent investment opportunity with tenants sitting and a vibrant rental market in the location.
"We welcome this impressive two bedroom first floor apartment located in the highly popular area of Gosforth with excellent transport links, schools and amenities. The property benefits from Upvc double glazing, electric heaters and two parking passes. Internally it has a lounge/diner, kitchen, ..."
"We welcome this impressive two bedroom first floor apartment located in the highly popular area of Gosforth with excellent transport links, schools and amenities. The property benefits from Upvc double glazing, electric heaters and two parking passes. Internally it has a lounge/diner, kitchen, ma..."
"The Fairfield, Plot 54 at West Grange. "
"This mid-terrace two-bedroom property has been a successful rental for many years, and is ideally suited for investors, first time buyers or couples. It is located close to Newcastle Quayside and an internal inspection will be essential. Accommodation comprises: Ground Floo..."
THREE BEDROOMS | CONSERVATORY | NO ONWARD CHAIN This three bedroom semi detached house would make the ideal purchase for the first time buyer or growing family with its enviable position on a substantial plot. The property is located within easy access to a wealth of local ame...
Are you looking for a modern 2 bedroom apartment located in a sought after location? We have the perfect property for you!!
"TO BE SOLD via Online Auction 17/04/2023 12:00. Fees Apply. Pattinson's are pleased to bring to the sales market this spacious five/four bedroom two bathroom semi detached house situated in this popular area in Shiremoor walking distance to transport links, great local amenities and is in..."
"A one bedroomed retirement apartment located on the second floor of this fabulous purpose built development, with a lovely open aspect over the communal gardens and school playing fields beyond. Completed around 8 years ago, this property offers assisted living for those aged 70+, incorporating ..."
"With no onward chain! This well presented, two bedroom upper 'Tyneside' flat is ideally located on Helmsley Road, in the ever-popular suburb of Sandyford. Situated within close proximity to Newcastle City Centre the nightlife & shopping facilities of Jesmond, Sandyford also gives great access to ..."
"This 2 bedroomed semi detached ground floor flat has been extended to provide spacious and flexible accommodation. With some scope for cosmetic improvement, this is an excellent opportunity to create a superb property to the purchasers' own taste and requirements. The Reception Hall, with cloaks/..."
Three bedroom semi-detached house in popular modern development with off street parking.....
"Well presented three bedroom semi-detached home on the popular Peregrine Place in Longbenton. The property would make an Ideal first time buy, family home or investment opportunity. Ideally positioned with direct access to Newcastle City Centre and the coast via the A189 and A19, as well as from..."
Introducing a fantastic investment opportunity in the heart of Jesmond - a stunning 1 bedroom ground floor apartment on the highly sought-after Osborne Road.
"**First Floor Apartment**Two Bedrooms**Dining Kitchen** Constructed by Barratt Homes in the early millennium, this purpose built apartment is well located within walking distance of Jesmond Dene, Jesmond Metro, and Cradlewell cafes and shops. The flat includes a Communal Entrance, a Private Entra..."
"A modern three bedroom mid link house located within this popular residential development. The property is ideally suited for a first time buyer and benefits from a ground floor WC, en suite to master bedroom, private garden, allocated parking space, UPVC double glazing and gas fired central heat..."
"This property's price is reduced for over 60s as a lifetime lease purchase under our Home for Life Plan. Discounts range from 8.5% to 59% depending on age, personal circumstances and property criteria. The price shown is based on our average discount."
"TO BE SOLD via ONLINE AUCTION 04/04/2023 11:30. Fees apply. This three bedroom semi detached family home on the sought after Balliol Gardens, in Benton. Close to outstanding local schooling, it is perfectly placed close to the shops and amenities of Benton Park Road, as well as excellent tran..."
"Appealing to buy to let investors is this two bedroom sixth floor apartment which is currently tenanted at £950 PCM until 31st August 2022 and is located within this prestigious development within the city centre. Secure communal entrance with door intercom, the apartment includes entranc..."
"Having been a successful rental for many years, this three bedroom first floor Tyneside apartment will have to be viewed to be appreciated. It is located in the heart of Heaton and would make an excellent investment or home for first time buyers and couples. Accommodation comprises:"
"A ONE BEDROOM apartment benefitting from TWO JULIET BALCONIES overlooking communal GARDENS and playing fields on the SECOND FLOOR of this McCARTHY STONE Retirement Living Plus development. Ponteland village AMENITIES ON YOUR DOORSTEP including shops, supermarkets, banks and leisure."
"We welcome to the market this well presented three bedroom mid terrace house situated on Stamfordham Road Westerhope. The property briefly comprises to the ground floor: an entrance hallway, lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen and cloaks WC. To the landing there are three bedrooms and a family..."
"A lovely and well presented apartment located on the second floor of this popular retirement development, with lovely views to the front over the landscaped communal gardens. The apartment has had new carpets fitted in the hallway and bedroom, and has attractive neutral decor throughout. Henderso..."
"Pattinson welcome to the market this recently refurbished three bedroom semi-detached house on Bodmin Way, Kenton. The property is ideally located near schools, shops and hospitals. Metro System, Kingston Retail Park and Airport are also easily accessible. The property briefly comprises an e..."
A well appointed two bedroom upper flat well positioned within easy walking distance to South Gosforth metro station and Gosforth High Street. The property benefits from a range of modern fixtures and fittings together with front and rear gardens and is available for sale with no onward chain. ...
"To be sold via Online Auction until 09/03/2023 12:30 A two-bedroom duplex apartment situated on the top floor of the listed Pandongate development, on the edge of Newcastle city centre and within walking distance of Newcastle quayside. The property offers excellent access to a wealth of local ..."
"***CLICK ON THE VIDEO TOUR BUTTON TO VIEW OUR HD MOVIE OF THIS EXCEPTIONAL PROPERTY*** FABULOUS END TERRACE featuring a re-fitted kitchen and bathroom and offering beautifully presented internal living space. Well tended gardens lie to the front and rear, the front is south facing with dri..."
"Forming part of this purpose built development, this modern build ground floor flat will appeal to both the first time buyer and the professional Landlord looking to expand on their property portfolio. The accommodating which comes with vacant possession briefly comprises:- communal hal..."
"-TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT- POPULAR LOCATION- TWO BATHROOMS- FULLY FURNISHED- Pattinson estate agents is delighted to welcome this two bedroom apartment in the popular Degrees North complex. Ideally located within walking distance of Newcastle Quayside with trendy bars and restaurants, great tra..."
"Positioned on an prominent plot, this three bedroom semi-detached home is located on Aln Crescent, Fawdon. Aln Crescent is situated close to excellent local schools, Wansbeck Metro station, the shops, cafes and restaurants on Gosforth High Street and further transport links to Newcastle City Cent..."
"St John's Manor is home to our fantastic collection of beautiful new 3 bedroom homes. Located in the village of Callerton, an attractive area, with excellent transport links to Newcastle Upon Tyne and the surrounding areas. Available via shared ownership, Part buy, part rent, from as little as 25% "
3D VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE - Occupying an elevated position on this popular modern development this is a great starter home which is situated in a great location close to bus and transport links.
"This is a hugely impressive family home that is located in a highly sought-after location. It is substantially larger than its outward appearance would have you believe and has numerous stunning features throughout, a modern kitchen, and much more!  This beautiful home has had the ha..."
"Signature North East are delighted to welcome this super three-bedroom mid terrace property. Situated just a short walk from central Gosforth, and located on the sought-after residential area of Mary Agnes Street. This property is currently sold with a tenant in situ therefore a great investment ..."
"A SPACIOUS apartment in Newcastle, available CHAIN FREE with TENANTS in situ for IMMEDIATE investment, welcoming INVESTORS only. Call to enquire! Bettermove are delighted to welcome to the market this charming two bedroom fourth floor apartment in Newcastle city centre, available w..."
*** FREEHOLD *** DETACHED BUNGALOW *** TWO BEDROOMS *** FRONT AND REAR GARDENS *** GARAGE AND DRIVEWAY *** Pattinson are delighted to welcome to the sales market this two bedroom detached bungalow on Sycamore Street in the sought after Throckley area. The property is located with great road li...
"*** THREE BEDROOMS *** CLOSE TO THE CITY CENTRE AND RVI HOSPITAL *** LONG PEPPERCORN LEASE *** MODERN *** NO UPPER CHAIN*** Pattinson are delighted to welcome to the market for sale, this three bedroom upper flat situated in the popular Spital Tongues which is very close to Newcastle City C..."
"Signature North East welcomes to the sales market this fabulous two bedroom semi-detached home, boasting modern décor, tasteful styling and new carpets throughout. This gorgeous home is ideally situated on Lilac Crescent, Newcastle Upon Tyne, providing a range of amenities nearby including shops ..."
"Well presented three bedroom semi-detached family home situated in the popular estate of Dumpling Hall, which is conveniently located for access to local amenities, shops and transport links. The property is presented to a good standard with the accommodation adaptable to suit a variety of lifest..."
"A 3 bedroomed first floor Tyneside flat, pleasantly situated within this sought after residential area, well placed for amenities. With gas fired central heating and sealed unit double glazing, the Entrance Hall leads to stairs to the First Floor Landing. The Lounge leads to the spacious Kitchen,..."
"*****ATTENTION! INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY***** Two second/top floor flats situated in this popular residential area within easy access of local shops, Metro Station and road links to nearby centres.  Both flats are currently tenanted generating £500 and £515 per calendar month resp..."
"An opportunity to purchase this traditional two bedroom semi detached bungalow occupying a pleasant cul de sac position within the popular Brunswick Green development. The property benefits from a good size conservatory, extended kitchen, UPVC double glazing and gas fired central heating. There a..."
*** TWO BEDROOM MASIONETTE AVAILBEL WITH NO UPPER CHAIN - VIEWINGS RECOMMENDED TO APPRECIATE THE ACCOMMODATION ON OFFER ***
*** PAIR OF FLATS - TENANTED INVESTMENT - FOR SALE BY MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION *** 
"Offered with no chain is this semi detached house located in Grainger Park. The property requires full refurbishment. The accommodation to the ground floor briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen and lean to. To the first floor is a landing, three bedrooms, bathroom and W..."
"Hive Estates presents this three bedroom upper Tyneside flat in Heaton. Located walking distance from Heaton Park in south west Heaton, the property is within close proximity to the many amenities of Heaton and Sandyford. Upon entering the property there is a hallway leading to the thre..."
"Alexander Hudson Estates are excited to introduce to market this three-bedroom, semi-detached property situated on a tree lined street within the increasingly popular area of Longbenton, close to local amenities, schooling, and transport links. Bright and spacious, comprising of an entrance ha..."
**THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETAHCED HOUSE**GREAT CATCHMENT AREA FOR SCHOOLS**CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES AND TRANSPORT LINKS**CHAIN FREE**COUNCIL TAX BAND B**EPC =C**
"Development Potential - Excellent three bedroom, end terrace house with front garden, driveway and single garage - NO UPWARD CHAIN A great opportunity to purchase a three bedroom, end terrace house, on this quiet pedestrian walkway close to the local shops, amenities & the Metro Station in Fo..."
"** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** Offered for sale with no upper chain, this charming two bedroom mid-terraced property must be viewed. The house is located within the popular Staithes development and will appeal to a variety of buyers. It's close to ..."
Heaton Property is delighted to bring this stunning three-bedroom property to the sales market. It is located on the ever-popular Heaton Road and is within walking distance of all the local amenities in Heaton. A significantly rare feature of this property is a very generous west facing ...
"Ideal for investors, Bricks & Mortar are delighted to market this spacious two bedroom, two bathroom apartment in the popular 55 Degrees North development. Sold with no onward chain."
Hunters Newcastle are pleased to present this fabulous two bedroom apartment for **investment only** Living/Dining room: It has an exceptionally large living/dining area with fantastic views of the City. Kitchen: The kitchen is fully fitted with all necessary appliances...
"A modern two bedroom mid link house situated on the sought after The Rise development in Newcastles. The location offers good access to Newcastle city centre and the A1, as well a being situated close to a number of schools. The accommodation briefly comprises: entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen, ..."
"** QUAYSIDE APARTMENT IN PERIOD CONVERSION COVERING OVER 750SQFT ** Located on King Street, the apartment offers easy access for the amenities of the Quayside and City Centre, it is ideal for those wanting City living. The apartment itself benefits from sash windows, feature fireplaces and gas ce..."
"*Great Investment Opportunity* With no onward chain, Bricks & Mortar proudly market this beautifully decorated, fully furnished, and centrally located two bedroom apartment in the chic Waterloo House development in Newcastle City Centre. Within walking distance to Central Station, Northumberland ..."
Character quirky cottage occupying a lovely position within the sought after location of Prestwick. The property offers potential for those looking for a character home to update and modernise whilst retaining the traditional feel of this charming property. Accommodation comprises of p...
Fabulous addition to your investment portfolio 3 Bedroom Semi-detached House for Sale with long-term tenants included. KEY FEATURES • Semi-detached • 3 Bedrooms • Driveway • Sought-after location • Rear garden • INVESTORS ONLY (£700 pcm rent achieved) 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE FOR...
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** THREE BEDROOMS | TERRACED FAMILY HOME | EN SUITE | TWO ALLOCATED PARKING BAYS Jan Forster Estates present this stunning terraced three bedroom home on the ever desirable Rowan Way in Blakelaw. The ...
"FOR SALE VIA AUCTION: terms and conditions apply. The subject property is a two storey, mid terrace currently occupied and utilized as an HMO. The property is producing an annual income of £17,820. The premises consists of a lounge, kitchen, three bedrooms, family bathroom and office."
"A beautifully presented two bedroom ground floor flat situated on the ever popular Sixth Avenue, Heaton."
"A spacious two bedroom ground floor apartment with its own private access. Located in central Gosforth and ideally suited to an investor. Briefly comprising reception hall, lounge/dining room, kitchen, two bedrooms, family bathroom, en-suite shower room. Allocated parking and communal gardens."
"* PLEASE NOTE THIS PROPERTY BENEFITS FROM A GARAGE AND GARDEN * This lovely, modern, well presented apartment is situated on the first floor perfectly located against a residential setting and has no upper chain. It enjoys a variety of modern features and is ideal for a young couple or first ..."
"A one bedroomed first floor apartment within this purpose built McCarthy & Stone Assisted Living development, close to the centre of Ponteland village. Henderson Court is a fully staffed retirement complex for those aged 70+. The property stands in well tended grounds with visitor and some reside..."
"For Sale by Unconditional Auction. Reservation Fee terms and conditions apply We are delighted to offer for sale by auction this semi detached house on Gowland Avenue, Fenham. The property is located in a much sought after location, within walking distance of excellent schools and local amenit..."
"*****AVAILABLE WITH NO UPPER CHAIN THIS MID TERRACED HOUSE IS SITUATED IN A HIGHLY REGARDED RESIDENTIAL AREA***** close to all local amenities including shops, schools and public transport together with road links to the City Centre, Freeman Hospital, Gosforth and nearby buiness parks. The accom..."
Three bedroom end terrace family home...
" A well appointed modern link town house located within this popular residential development just off Kenton Lane. The property would appeal to a variety of potential purchasers and benefits from a fully integrated kitchen, ground floor WC, master en suite, southerly facing garden and allocated ..."
"NEWLY REFURBISHED ONE BEDROOM, GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT WITH ALLOCATED SECURE PARKING FOR ONE CAR, ATTRACTIVE COMMUNAL GARDENS. A well presented and new refurbished one bedroom apartment, located to the ground floor in this popular modern development in Gosforth. The apartment, offered with va..."
"Rarely available to the market and located in a sought after area Westmoor. This three bedroom characteristic semi-detached house, the property is in need of modernisation and has the potential to develop into a charming home. The property briefly comprises: entrance with stairs, large lounge/din..."
** Video Tour on our YouTube Channel | ** TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS | NO ONWARD CHAIN | CONVERTED LOFT SPACE Jan Forster Estates are delighted to welcome to the market this well presented two double bedroom semi detached bungalow with converted loft space...
"Pattinsons are pleased to welcome to the market this two bedroom bungalow located on West Road, Fenham. The property briefly comprises: Entrance Hallway, Lounge, Kitchen/Diner, Two Bedrooms, Bathroom. Externally the property offers gardens to the Front and Rear with Driveway providing Off Stre..."
***THREE BEDROOM END OF TERRACE ** POPULAR LOCATION** VIEWING ADVISED**CLOSE TO OUTSTANDING SCHOOLS & GOOD TRANSPORT LINKS** **COUNCIL TAX BAND B**EPC = B**
"Signature North East is thrilled to introduce this charming two-bedroom semi-detached home situated on Greenhills, Killingworth. This delightful property is an excellent opportunity for first-time buyers and small families alike, providing a wonderful chance to own a home in a great area. Additio..."
**Cash buyers only** Purplebricks offer for sale this contemporary one bedroom apartment in Hadrians Tower on Rutherford Street in Newcastle Upon Tyne. The highly accessible location in close proximity to Newcastle’s Regeneration Zone and a world-class medical university. Providing affordable bu...
*POPULAR LOCATION * PLENTY OF OUTSIDE SPACE* A PROPERTY TO PUT YOUR OWN STAMP ON* Ideal for first time buyers or investors this property has an abundance of potential and must be seen to be appreciated. Call our sales team to book your viewing today.
