Summary
Located off the incredibly popular Colney Lane and within walking distance of local amenities and facilities this detached four bedroom home is nestled at the end of a long private driveway and benefits from a distinctly private position. The property boasts UPVC double glazing and has gas fired...
Fully Let Student Accommodation Investment
"***** WHAT AN OPPORTUNITY we have for BUY TO LET INVESTORS to acquire 13 Properties Available To Purchase In A Limited Company Portfolio Sale all FULLY RENTED till SEPTEMBER 2024 at £271,788 A YEAR which is around an 8.3% YIELD. All Properties are recently refurbished and mostly located CLOSE TO..."
Fully Let Student Accommodation Investment 
"The word ´unique´ is often overused, but it seems entirely appropriate here. Grade II* listed with three holiday barns and a lakeside setting - the appeal is clear. Lovingly and comprehensively restored by the owners, all the work has already been done. Good to go from day one, with a h..."
DPS Estates are pleased to offer this fantastic investment opportunity for this freehold property comprising of a ground floor commercial unit as well as 4 stunning apartments as well as an existing thriving Air B & B business. The ground floor commercial unit is currently occupied on a 5 year le...
"abbotFox Land & New Homes presents this extraordinary development opportunity within Norwich's historic city centre. A planning application has been submitted for permission to construct four, stunning, duplex penthouse apartments each with roof terraces and private balconies on top of V..."
Rare opportunity to purchase a complete block of apartments in the vibrant city of Norwich with further potential to re develop. 
A stunning Grade II* listed city gem. Elegance and opulence combined with modern finishes.
"A striking, extended, contemporary residence in a highly sought-after location"
"An outstanding attached property located high above the Yarmouth Road in Thorpe St Andrew and set in just over an acre of land. Dating back to the early 19th Century and retaining a great deal of character, with the original portion linking in with a contemporary single storey addition, the whol..."
"GUIDE PRICE £1,400,000 - £1,500,000. A truly fine example of a substantial and bespoke detached Victorian home offering a wealth of charm and set in a highly sought after location within Norwich's coveted Golden Triangle. Set on approximately 1/2 an acre plot (STMS), this home offers ve..."
An imposing and superbly extended house in the prestigious Golden Triangle.
"An exceptional family home boasting sprawling and immaculately presented interiors, nestled amongst a highly sought after leafy avenue just off Newmarket Road. "
"One of the finest, complete Regency houses in Norwich."
"A stunning and unique detached 3-storey period property offering rarely seen levels of accommodation in a highly prestigious location off a private avenue, perfect for city access. This spectacular family residence, boasting a corner turret, includes 8 bedrooms split between the top 2 floors, 4 g..."
Steeped in local history Ketts Castle Villa is quite simply a must see home. A true hidden gem in every sense. Discreetly located & offering spectacular views over the whole of Norwich city centre this home is sure to take your breath away. The property itself is grade II listed while the gar...
"An imposing and elegant Grade II listed Georgian residence within the cathedral city of Norwich. With an abundance of period detailing, this home boasts four reception rooms, five first-floor bedrooms and well-landscaped grounds. "
Impressive modern home in sought-after location.
SITE WITH PLANNING FOR 9 TOWNHOUSES AND 5 APARTMENTS
"Guide Price £1,000,000 - £1,100,000. Incredibly sought-after, characterful Victorian home in the heart of the Golden Triangle. Set back from the road within a private plot you can benefit from having the city centre and a range of amenities only a short walk away. Amenities include a tw..."
Existing Car Sales/Showroom Site Allocated for Residential Development
"Seller Has Found
Standing handsome and tall this Edwardian home has huge kerb appeal. Inside, the character continues throughout along with a light, airy feel. Lovingly renovated with attention to detail, In a lovely position close to river and city."
A beautifully appointed 5 bedroom extended detached family home in a quiet cul-de-sac position on a generous plot of around one third of an acre with a south/south-east facing rear garden. This property is offered for sale with no onward chain.
"An extremely rare opportunity to acquire the freehold of a Grade II listed town house and shop. Situated in one of the most sought after areas of Norwich with many independent shops, cafes and businesses, Norwich city centre is a short stroll away. The property is in very good order thr"
"Guide Price £200,000-£210,000- This two bedroom end of terrace house with rear designated parking is not one to be missed!"
**SHOW HOME AVAILABLE TO VIEW!** The Sandringham features a STUDY. INTEGRATED KITCHEN APPLIANCES. EN SUITE and BUILT-IN WARDROBE to main bedroom. EN SUITE to second bedroom. ALL FLOORING INCLUDED. EV charging point infrastructure. TURF to rear garden. Single GARAGE.
"This spacious seven bedroom semi detached home is sure to stand out from the crowd for all the right reasons. Filled with character features & charm throughout, this home offers an abundance of versatile living space, over 3200 sq ft on offer is spread over three storeys. Located on the prest..."
A SUBSTANTIAL DETACHED DWELLING FORMERLY A BED AND BREAKFAST BUSINESS NOW COMPRISING OF THREE PROPERTIES SITUATED NORTH EAST OF NORWICH IN THE POPULAR BROADLAND VILLAGE OF RACKHEATH
"GUIDE PRICE £900,000 - £950,000..
Write your chapter at this historic home, part of village history and well set for modern living too. Period features abound within and the acre of gardens offer a wonderful view. Relax with the wildlife in the wild flower meadow or sit on the decking l..."
CEPC - 47 (B) *A truly outstanding investment opportunity to acquire a former public house which has been renovated and refurbished to stunning standards to create an individual and distinctive 12 bedroom multi-let guest house close to Norwich City Centre and train station. *
A substantial six bedroom detached family house situated just three miles from Norwich City Centre
"Minors & Brady are proud to present this exquisite, 1930s style detached family home situated in the ever sought after bottom end of Thunder Lane, Thorpe St. Andrew. Seldom available, this four bedroom, two ensuite bathroom home provides living space dispersed over three floors including an e..."
"**BEAUTIFUL DETACHED FAMILY HOME ON ONE OF THE MOST PRESTIGIOUS AND SOUGHT AFTER ROADS IN NORWICH** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this MAGNIFICENT, FOUR BEDROOM, DETACHED family home located on the highly sought after Thunder Lane in Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HALL..."
"A bespoke 3 bedroom 1,695 sq ft apartment forming part of this exclusive development of just ten 2 & 3 bedroom apartments offering amazing views of the Cathedral and River Wensum."
COMING SOON - Orchard House. A bespoke one-off new home offering extensive accommodation and high level of specification. Expertly crafted by a local reputable developer and situated in the beautiful village of Horsham St Faith. Register your interest today.
"A superb four bedroom, three reception room home located in a most desirable location with plenty of parking."
LAST REMAINING TOWNHOUSE CONVERSION. Fastolf House is a remarkable three bedroom property with stunning open plan kitchen/dining room and separate lounge complete with media station. EPC rating C.
"At this impressive waterside property, you can relax and watch the wildlife, head out on a boat, go fishing or swim. The spacious home is more than roomy enough for a family, with views out over the one acre gardens and down to the river. Sitting out by the water, it´s hard to believe you..."
"abbotFox Bespoke presents this rarely available, semi-detached family home. Occupying a prime position, on a private road, within the heart of the Golden Triangle, this property sits on a generous plot, and offers a fantastic opportunity for any buyer looking to enjoy City living, in a peaceful p..."
"Guide Price £775,000 - £800,000. Occupying a RARELY AVAILABLE POSITION with substantial accommodation spanning over 2100 SQ FT (stms), this detached family home is located on one of the most DESIRABLE ROADS in THORPE. With extended accommodation which has been REMODELLED and UPDATED, a..."
"Beautifully designed and with a focus on quality living, the first new build home is now available at The Lodge, Drayton. A detached four bedroom luxury home, with detached garage, south-facing garden and super ecological features. EPC rating B."
"A unique opportunity to purchase this substantial boutique guest house, offered with No Onward Chain and commanding a prime location for the city centre, University of East Anglia and Norfolk & Norwich Hospital. Boasting just under 4,000 sq/ft. of generous and versatile accommodation includin..."
"OFFERS INVITED: Luxury boutique Guest House situated close to the University of East Anglia, Norfolk & Norwich Hospital and Norwich City Centre, offering versatile accommodation including six African themed guest bedrooms including two family suites all with luxury en-suites and three host be..."
"A highly versatile home in a sought-after location. This property has been updated and extended, offering versatile space and with secondary accommodation and off-road parking."
"Pymm & Co are delighted to offer a selection of 14 unique properties from studio apartments to a three storey townhouse, all set within the historical building of Bignold House, once forming part of the Norwich Union empire which is synonymous with Norwich and its rich business history."
"Offered to market with no onward chain is this magnificent 9 bedroom, 8 bathroom home currently used as a 4-star guest house, with private owners living quarter. Sat behind wrought iron gates is a plot spanning approx 0.2acres (STMS) with versatile living accommodation no matter if you decide to ..."
"APPROX 0.25 ACRE PLOT (stms) situated in the EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT of St. Andrews Park! This BEAUTIFUL HOME boasts accommodation spanning over 2,200 sq. ft (stms) which has PERIOD FEATURES including HIGH CEILINGS, SASH WINDOWS and generous room sizes. Featuring FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS for entertaini..."
"GUIDE PRICE £750,000 - £775,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this established and immaculately presented semi-detached period home offering a wealth of charm combined with a range of modern finishings and set on one of the most highly sought after roads within Norwich'..."
"A rare opportunity has arisen to purchase this beautiful boutique B&B located very close to Norwich City Centre, the Norfolk & Norwich Hospital and University of East Anglia. The Arrandale Lodge is currently run as a 4 Gold Star Guest House and is perfect for those looking to continu..."
"***STUNNING FAMILY HOME*** Winston House an individually designed detached family home set in an ¼ Arce. Approached via a gated driveway, there is ample off street parking as well as a double garage. This four bedroom home is sure to make you the envy of y..."
"Dream of designing your own home? Custom build your home at Liberators Drive, Spixworth with advice and guidance from the experts at Potton."
"abbotFox Bespoke presents Arrandale Lodge. Situated on the prestigious Earlham Road, which affords easy access to a wealth of local amenities, Norwich City Centre, the University and Hospital. Run as a well-regarded Bed & Breakfast, this property has been thoughtfully remodelled and extended to o..."
"This beautiful 2383 Sq ft (stms) Grade II Listed CONVERTED CHAPEL features a STUNNING 45' OPEN PLAN LIVING SPACE finished with MODERN DECOR, perfectly blended with the CHARACTER FEATURES. The BESPOKE WINDOWS in this room run almost FLOOR to CEILING with an ARCHED TOP allowing NATURAL LIGHT to f..."
"Only a short walk away from the popular Whitlingham Country Park, where you can enjoy beautiful, nature filled walks. This exceptional four bedroom home is immaculately presented throughout, with bright and elegant interior. The home provides something for everyone, with an enclosed garden backin..."
"**RARELY AVAILABLE EXTENDED DETACHED FAMILY HOME ON A REQUESTED ROAD IN THORPE ST ANDREW** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WONDEFUL, EXTENDED, FIVE BEDROOM, DETACHED HOUSE situated on a highly sought after road in Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation comprising entrance porch, entrance hall,..."
"GUIDE PRICE £700,000 - £725,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this beautifully presented and rarely available semi-detached family home set in the highly sought after location of Unthank Road in NR4. The property comes with a generous and private rear garden along with ..."
***GRAND HALL ENTRANCE PERIOD HOME IN FAVOURED RESIDENTIAL LOCATION*** William H Brown are pleased to present this family home offering enclosed gardens and parking in a prime location on the cusp of Norwich city centre.
"GUIDE PRICE £700,000 - £725,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this substantial and rarely available four storey townhouse set in the heart of Norwich with outstanding views of the River Wensum. The property offers versatile living accommodation whilst also being of a hi..."
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this substantial property boasts over 1,950 sq/ft. of living space, enjoying a sought-after cul de sac location in Cringleford. Ready for a new lease of life, this detached family home offers a wealth of potential, with accommodation including 3 reception rooms, 4 be..."
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this impressive barn conversion is situated in a highly sought-after location, close to road links and amenities. Boasting over 2,140 sq/ft. of updated and improved accommodation, full of character and charm throughout. The versatile living spaces include a 17'9 loun..."
"A bespoke 2 bedroom 1,292 sq ft apartment forming part of this exclusive development of just ten 2 & 3 bedroom apartments offering amazing views of the Cathedral and River Wensum."
"A bespoke 2 bedroom 1,683 sq ft apartment forming part of this exclusive development of just ten 2 & 3 bedroom apartments offering amazing views of the Cathedral and River Wensum."
"A happy home in the heart of the city, you´ll own a part of history with this abode. So convenient for everything, schools, shops and more, you´ll not need to wander, it´s all down the road. A beautiful blend of period and contemporary, it´s deceptively spacious and flexible t..."
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this highly desirable family home is conveniently located for road links, A47 and NNUH, plus benefits from off-road parking, tandem garage and generous south-facing rear garden. Boasting over 1,600 sq/ft. of accommodation, the living spaces are ready for a new lease ..."
"NO CHAIN. With over 2600 Sq ft (stms) of accommodation, this SUBSTANTIAL DETACHED HOME offers a wealth of possibilities, including ANNEXE potential, a layout for MULTI-GENERATIONAL LIVING or INCOME GENERATION. Tucked away on a PRIVATE DRIVEWAY serving only three properties, this LOW LYING CENTR..."
"Charming home ideal for growing families, located in the highly demanded area of Thorpe St Andrew benefiting from all local amenities. This immaculate home boasts four bedrooms, one of which includes an ensuite, four stunning reception rooms ideal for entertaining guests, a modern fitted kitchen,..."
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this beautifully established and spacious Edwardian family home set in a highly sought after location only a short walk to Norwich city centre. The property comes with ample off street parking, a tandem garage and generous south-facing rear garden. I..."
"abbotFox Bespoke presents this exceptional, three storey, end terraced property. Retaining a sense of character and charm throughout, this bright and stylish home, has been thoughtfully re-modelled and improved to suit modern family life. Upon entering the property, you cannot fail to be impresse..."
This discreetly positioned four bedroomed detached home is a true hidden gem. Tucked away at the end of a private lane in the always popular village of Thorpe St Andrew this stunning home must be seen to fully appreciate everything it has to offer. Boasting four reception rooms and over 2000sq ft...
"Offered with No Onward Chain is this extensive semi-detached family home, situated in a prestigious and highly sought-after suburb of Norwich. With over 1,595 sq/ft. of living space and potential to extend (STPP), this property provides scope to create something truly special, set within a corner..."
"abbotFox Land & New Homes presents this impressive contemporary home, neatly situated within a popular countryside setting on the edge of Lower Hellesdon, west of Norwich. The property is approached by a private driveway which provides parking for several vehicles and leads to a detache..."
"An incredible business opportunity awaits with this former Bed and Breakfast, offering the perfect base from which to explore the city and its surroundings. Tucked away with generous private parking and attractive mature gardens, this extensive 8 bedroom property boasts bedrooms across both floor..."
"READY TO VIEW. Immaculate top floor penthouse apartment offering beautiful sun terrace, integrated appliances, parking and views across the city. City center location undercroft parking and come fully furnished."
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this rarely available and spacious detached family home set in a secluded cul-de-sac only a short walk to Norwich city centre. The property comes with no onward chain and a generous rear garden. In brief, the property comprises; sitting room, dining r..."
"Dream of designing your own home? Custom build your home at Liberator's Drive, Spixworth with advie and guidance from the experts at Potton."
***IDYLLIC LOCATION WITH RIVER FRONTAGE ON THE OUTSKIRTS OF NORWICH*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this Detached Barn conversion with exposed beams being offered to the market with no onward chain
"This well-presented and extended 4 bedroom home is located in the heart of the sought-after village of Cringleford, offering versatile accommodation including 4 reception rooms, kitchen and 4 bedrooms. The detached property is situated on a prominent corner plot offering a lawned side garden, dou..."
Spacious family home in popular location.
"This fabulous five bedroom, two bathroom detached family home is located within the much sought after Old Catton. With three reception rooms, a fully fitted kitchen and mirroring utility room, five well sized bedrooms including a master ensuite along with a family bathroom. Outside th..."
"A fine Victorian home boasting over 2,000 sq. ft. of renovated accommodation, showcasing a wealth of period features alongside delightful modern additions, creating a low maintenance yet unique home. "
Exclusive Grade II Listed apartment in sought after gated development.
"SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME! This thoughtfully extended detached property offers far reaching field views to the front and spacious family sized accommodation. With five bedrooms, four bathrooms, an open plan kitchen and a lovely living room, the property sits on a plot of more than 1/3 of an acre."
"A deceptively spacious and immaculately presented five/six bedroom chalet bungalow, boasting wonderful versatility and a generous plot. "
"Guide Price £600,000 - £625,000. Occupying a good size plot this extended 1930`s executive family home offers the potential for a self-contained annex or the space to run a business from home (subject to planning)."
"abbotFox Bespoke presents Victoria House. A substantial, end terraced home, located in the heart of the Golden Triangle. Occupying a generous corner plot, with a garage set to the rear, this imposing home offers a flexible layout over three floors, this is a rare opportunity to acquire a home in ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £600,000-£625,000. This fully refurbished detached property has been extended and completely remodelled. Offered with no onward chain."
This immaculately presented four bedroom detached home is sure to impress from the moment you step inside. Tucked away at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac in one of Norwich most desirable locations if a quiet & peaceful family home is what you are looking for then look no further. As ...
"abbotFox presents this spacious detached chalet bungalow. Sitting within a sizable plot within the sought after village of Spixworth. The property offers flexible accommodation over two floors, comprising an inviting entrance hall, kitchen/diner with utility room, separate living room and three b..."
"GUIDE PRICE £600,000 - £625,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this substantial and rarely available Edwardian hall entrance terraced home set in the heart of Norwich's highly coveted Golden Triangle. The property comes with no onward chain and a private rear garden. In ..."
"*OPEN-PLAN * STUDY * DOUBLE GARAGE * FULLY TURFED GARDEN * FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS * FITTED WARDROBES * EN SUITE * The Chelworth is our impressive detached home. You have your generous entrance hall, family sized living room and study, perfect for flexible working. To the back of your home you then ..."
"**EXTENDED DETACHED FAMILY HOME ON A CORNER PLOT IN A PEACEFUL CUL-DE-SAC** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this STUNNING, EXTENDED, FIVE BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY HOME situated in a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC in the highly sought after Bishops Close development in Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation compr..."
"CHAPTERS offers a unique collection of quality townhouses, flats, and duplexes for those who are looking for the very essence of stylish city living. "
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this substantial detached property is situated in a highly sought-after location just off Colney Lane. Boasting over 1,750 sq/ft. of accommodation, the property is ready for a new lease of life but offers huge potential to create the ideal family home. Outside, a gar..."
"CHAPTERS is a unique collection of bespoke townhouses, apartments and duplexes finished to the highest standard offering a true example of styles inner-city living. 1 Chapters, currently ready for occupation, is an outstanding three-storey character townhouse offering the perfect blend of charact..."
"CHAPTERS is a unique collection of bespoke townhouses, apartments and duplexes finished to the highest standard offering a true example of styles inner-city living. 2 Chapters is an outstanding three-storey character townhouse offering the perfect blend of character charm of the original building..."
"*£42,308 worth of savings*.  
The Chelworth is our impressive detached home that could be your next family home. To the front of your home you have your family sized living room and study, ideal for home working. To the back of your home you then have a large open-plan kitchen / breakfast / fami..."
"This three bedroom detached home is sure to prove popular. Located on the ever popular Eaton Road, one of Norwich's most desirable spots, this home is perfect for those looking for a property they can put their own stamp on. The sizeable plot property this property is situated on lends itself to ..."
"The Maidstone is a three bedroom end terrace home. Featuring a generous living room leading to a spacious OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area and FRENCH DOORS leading to an enclosed fully TURFED rear garden. Meaning indoors and out flow seamlessly.
 
Upstairs, there are three bedrooms with an EN SUITE ..."
"Guide Price of £575,000-£600,000. This incredible well-presented detached 4 bedroom family home with a master ensuite is situated on a private road off Blue Boar Lane in the popular area of Sprowston minutes from Norwich City Centre. Standing in an impressive plot with ample off road pa..."
"CHAPTERS is a unique collection of bespoke townhouses, apartments and duplexes finished to the highest standard offering a true example of styles inner-city living. 4 Chapters is an outstanding three-storey character townhouse offering the perfect blend of character charm of the original building..."
"*** Guide Price £575,000 - £600,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this three bedroom detached house situated in the sought after Golden Triangle of Norwich, within just a 'stones throw away' from the City Centre. The property boasts an impressive extended open plan kitchen / family / din..."
"Privately positioned within a quiet cul-de-sac stands this impressive five bedroom detached chalet bungalow. Located in the ever popular village of Cringleford this versatile home is not one to miss. If you are looking for a home which is ready to move straight into, then look no further! "
Halsbury Homes are delighted to offer this exquisitely designed 4 bedroom detached home with garage. Currently under construction this home is built to an exceptional standard and attention to detail. With classical style and part of an elegant collection these homes are a rare find.
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this modern five bedroom townhouse set in the popular Fellowes Plain development only a short walk to Norwich city centre. The property has been extensively modernised and comes with a private rear garden, single garage and off street pa..."
"** STUNNING MODERN PROPERTY ** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this immaculate, six bedroom detached house with study and a beautiful garden room, located on a quiet cul de sac in the popular, family friendly village of Rackheath."
 This rarely available and very unique contemporary home offers versatile accommodation over a single storey living space with vaulted ceilings giving a fantastic light and airy feel. Enjoying a small cul-de-sac location close to the ever popular Golden Triangle with its excellent local shopping...
"Offered with No Onward Chain is this substantial 3/4 bedroom detached property, situated in a highly sought-after and convenient location. Extended to offer over 1,590 sq/ft. of generous and versatile accommodation including a 21'10 max. lounge at the heart of this family home, with an adjacent 1..."
"Moneyproperties are proud to bring to market this spacious bay fronted four bedroom detached bungalow occupying a generous plot and enjoying unrivalled field views to the front. This bright and airy bungalow is located on the popular Buxton Road and comprises of an entrance hall, generous livi..."
"ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this well presented over the passage hall entrance terrace house situated just off Unthank Road, within the sought after Golden Triangle area of Norwich. The property offers light and spacious accommodation throughout, and benefits from having some period featu..."
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this bespoke and beautifully maintained townhouse Situated in the artisan quarter of Norwich, nestled between the popular streets of St Giles and Pottergate this former shoe factory combines the benefits of a factory style penthouse with a 3 story tow..."
"Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this exceptional three bedroom apartment set over two floors in the converted grand country house of Rackheath Hall, nestled amongst the far-reaching picturesque grounds on the outskirts of Norwich."
"Open day March 18th 11-2:30 call the Norwich office to book your appointment. Opportunity to acquire a fantastic size family home within an enviable area, just off Newmarket Road! Situated within close proximity to a range of schooling, Eaton Park, Marston Marshes, supermarkets and easy access on..."
"STYLISH & SPACIOUS VILLAGE HOME! Recently extended & renovated, this detached home offers space & style in abundance. There is a range of open plan living space, four double bedrooms, a fifth bedroom or study and a gorgeous new family room. Outside the plot is both large and landscaped. "
A newly built four bedroom property close to Norwich city centre
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this well presented and generously extended semi-detached family home set in the highly sought after NR4 area of Norwich, only a short journey to Norfolk and Norwich University Hospital and the University of East Anglia. The property comes with no onw..."
"**IN EXCESS OF 1800SQFT** A magnificent and extremely well-presented five bedroom unique three storey linked-detached home situated near Riverside Road boasting stunning access to great schooling for all ages, Norwich's Riverside, train station and city centre."
William H Brown is delighted to offer for sale the Former Dell Ballroom with the benefit of planning consent for the erection of 7 dwellings in an ideal city centre location.
"A 5-bedroom, 3-bathroom property laid out over three floors, the developer made good use of this South Easterly aspect to the front, with the kitchen, sitting room and master suite all enjoying the gardens and Victorian architecture that make this development so attractive. Just minutes from the ..."
This sizeable & spacious three bedroom detached home situated in one of Norwich's most requested locations. Boasting over 2000sq ft of accommodation including four spacious reception rooms & three well proportioned bedrooms on the first floor the living space on offer with this home will ...
"A bespoke 2 bedroom 1,418 sq ft apartment forming part of this exclusive development of just ten 2 & 3 bedroom apartments offering amazing views of the Cathedral and River Wensum."
"**VIRTUAL VIEWINGS AVAILABLE - Call branch for details** A beautifully presented delux three bedroom apartment situated in the grand Rackheath Hall, surrounded by manicured grounds with many exemplary features."
"An elegant and incredibly spacious three bedroom, two storey luxury apartment in a very imposing country house. "
"abbotFox are pleased to offer for sale this well presented semi-detached bungalow in the popular suburb of Sprowston. Close to schools and a variety of amenities, this three bedroom home is conveniently located and is ready to move straight into after recent home improvements made by the current ..."
"**INCREDIBLEY SPACIOUS EXTENDED DETACHED HOUSE IN A RARELY AVAILABLE NR3 LOCATION** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, FOUR BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY HOME located in a highly SOUGHT AFTER CUL-DE-SAC to the north of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance porch, ..."
This incredible well-presented detached 4 bedroom family home with an additional annexe that is located in the desired area of Hellesdon minutes from Norwich City Centre. Standing in an impressive plot with ample off road parking and an immaculate interior with high quality finishings. Where you ...
If you have been in search of a property with a self-contained annexe or perhaps a home with an adjoining business opportunity then this stunning and spacious 4 bedroom detached family home is guaranteed to impress from the second you step inside the generous entrance hall. This superb property i...
"The Layton is a four bedroom detached home featuring an OPEN-PLAN kitchen with dining area and FRENCH DOORS that open out to the rear garden. This home also benefits from a SPACIOUS living room, a private study and utility room. Upstairs, you will have an EN SUITE shower in the principal bedroom,..."
"£40,544 worth of savings.
 
The Layton is a four bedroom energy-efficient DETACHED home featuring an OPEN-PLAN kitchen with dining area and FRENCH DOORS that open out to your rear garden. This home also benefits from a spacious living room, a private study, perfect for home working and utility ro..."
**DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY** Former hatchery with Class Q consent for conversion to 2 dwellings and 3 bedroom cottage with planning permission for extension to 4 bedrooms. 1.22 Acre site (subject to measured survey). No upward chain. 
"Open day Saturday 1st April 12-3pm, call the Norwich branch to book your appointment! Charming Victorian terrace located in a highly desirable road within the Golden Triangle. This immaculate family home benefits from traditional features such as ceiling roses, stained glass windows, ornate corbe..."
"Having undergone extensive past renovation and extending, this unique and stunningly impressive chain free property offers accommodation that is more than meets the eye. With high levels of insulation and clever electronic features including zoned heating, this property is truly exceptional as we..."
"GUIDE PRICE £525,000 - £550,000. Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this spacious and versatile family home that comes with the added benefit of a one bedroom self contained Annex, ideal for extended family living or for a supplementary income."
"**BRAND NEW DETACHED BUNGALOW ON A SMALL SELECT DEVELOPMENT BUILT BY HARRIER HOMES ** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this superb brand new 3/4 bed detached bungalow on a good sized plot, located in the popular village of Spixworth. The bungalow is finished to a high standard throughout, and..."
"The property is an established detached family house with a modern recently refurbished interior in a sought-after and convenient residential location. The front door opens to a spacious entrance hall with stairs to the first floor and a cloakroom. The downstairs kitchen breakfast room, dining..."
A beautifully renovated and updated three bedroom home with an impressive garden full of wildlife.
"If you have been in search of a spacious and well-presented family home, then look no further than this incredibly impressive and extended four-bedroom detached house in the sought-after north Norwich suburb of Hellesdon. This superb property has recently undergone a complete programm..."
"A charming Victorian bay-fronted terrace, located in one of the most enviable roads within Norwich. Finished to a high standard throughout, this spacious four bedroom home has been modernised with much care to preserve its original features and character. Enjoy an open plan kitchen and breakfast ..."
"WE'LL GIVE YOU £38,757 TOWARDS YOUR MOVE. The Holden is a 4 bedroom detached home that's ideal for your growing family. From the moment you walk through your door you will be greeted with light and space. You will have a spacious bay-fronted living room, ground floor study and at the heart of you..."
"£38,757 WORTH OF SAVINGS. The Holden is a four bedroom detached home, perfectly designed for growing families. The ground floor boasts an open-plan kitchen/dining area with a useful utility room and French doors leading to a fully turfed garden giving you an extended living space. There is also a..."
"£38,607 worth of savings! The Holden is a four bedroom DETACHED home, perfectly designed for growing families. The ground floor boasts an OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with a useful utility room and FRENCH DOORS leading to a fully turfed garden giving you an extended living space in good weather...."
"£38,607 worth of savings.
The Holden is a four bedroom detached home, perfectly designed for growing families. The ground floor boasts an open-plan kitchen/dining area with a useful utility room and French doors leading to a fully turfed garden giving you an extended living space in good weather...."
"£38,607 WORTH OF SAVINGS. The Holden is a four bedroom energy-efficient DETACHED home, perfectly designed for growing families. The ground floor boasts an OPEN-PLAN kitchen/dining area with a useful UTILITY room and French doors leading to a FULLY TURFED garden giving you an extended living space..."
"ANNEXE POTENTIAL! A detached family home offering five double bedrooms, three bathrooms, three reception rooms and potential for a self contained annex! Modern and immaculately presented throughout, this family home is a must see! "
"SAVE UP TO £33,746 & Reserve for £99. The Layton is a four bedroom energy-efficient detached home featuring an open-plan kitchen with dining area and French doors that open out to the rear garden. This home also benefits from a spacious living room, a private study and utility room. Upstairs, you..."
"**HEAVILY EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH ANNEXE POTENTIAL MAKING THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, FOUR BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED HOUSE located ON THE HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER WROXHAM ROAD in the suburb of Sprowston. Accommodation comprising ..."
A wow-factor four-bedroom detached family bungalow situated in Drayton. Inside you'll find immaculate designs throughout with an open plan kitchen/diner to enjoy and entertain friends and family. The home is ideal for those looking for a ready-made space to move straight into.	
"**EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY OR WONDEFUL FAMILY HOME** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, FIVE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED HOUSE located to the west of Norwich close by to the University of East Anglia and City Centre itself. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge, dinin..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN...This three bedroom detached bungalow is situated in the popular suburb of Sprowston and is positioned on a corner plot. The property benefits from UPVC double glazed windows and gas central heating and comes with a generous garden, garage and off road parking. The accommodation ..."
"abbotFox presents this unique five-bedroom Penthouse apartment approaching 3,000 sqft located on the top floor of Sentinel House. Delivering outstanding modern living with a concierge service, residents' gym and residents' lounge all within Norwich's vibrant city centre within a short wa..."
"The Oxford is a detached, five-bedroom home with an integral double garage. The kitchen/dining/family room and separate living room each have French doors. There’s a utility room, cloakroom and home office. Upstairs, there’s an en-suite master bedroom, a Jack and Jill bathroom and a family bathroom."
***STUNNING FAMILY HOME IN A SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION*** Iconic are pleased to bring to the market this four bedroom detached home situated on Folgate Close in Old Costessey. Occupying a generous plot overlooking woodland to the rear this great home has been completely modernised by the current owne...
"WELL PROPORTIONED DETACHED BUNGALOW! This modern bungalow comes with three bedrooms, two bathrooms, spacious kitchen - dining room and conservatory looking out onto the 0.43 acre plot (stms). "
"***DETACHED FAMILY HOME ON A DESIREABLE DEVELOPMENT - GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £525,000. Iconic are pleased to bring to the market this substantial four bedroom detached family home. Located on the edge of Drayton this great property is located at the end of a cul de sac and early view..."
A characterful and well-proportioned Edwardian home offering plenty of period features. Relax in its spacious accommodation but know that the joys of city life are on your doorstep whenever you need them. 
"Guide Price £500,000- £525,000 Located on the edge of Drayton this great property is located at the end of a cul de sac and early viewing is advised to avoid missing out"
"*** Guide Price £500,000 - £525,000 *** EXTENDED OPEN PLAN KITCHEN / LIVING SPACE *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this impressive four bedroom over the passage hall entrance terrace house situated in the heart of the Golden Triangle area of Norwich, just off Unthank Road. The property boas..."
"EXCELLENTLY PRESENTED DETACHED FAMILY HOUSE LOCATED IN THE CITY'S FINEST RESIDENTIAL AREA WITH ENTRANCE HALL, 2 RECS, FITTED KITCHEN WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, CLOAKROOM, 3 BEDROOMS, EN-SUITE, BATHROOM, SEPARATE WC, OFF STREET PARKING, GARDENS, GAS FIRED CENTRAL HEATING AND DOUBLE GLAZING"
"NO ONWARD CHAIN. Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this six bedroom development opportunity. Located in a prime location, close to amenities. The property comprises of a ground floor and a basement. On the ground floor there are two reception rooms, dining room, office, study, shower room and"
A spacious penthouse apartment conveniently located for the train station and city centre.
"***PRIVATE ROAD*** This spacious 2 bedroom, 2 reception room bungalow is finished to a high standard. It also includes a generously sized kitchen, bathroom and conservatory. Set on good size mature plot this individually built detached bungalow offers spacious living .The p..."
* FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS * FITTED WARDROBES * EN SUITE * GARAGE * FULLY TURFED GARDEN * We think the Holden could be your new family home. On your ground floor you will find your spacious open-plan kitchen / dining area which features a glazed-bay with French doors leading to your fully turfed rear...
"This magnificent three-bedroom semi-detached house is located in the highly sought-after area of Trowse, offering a rare opportunity to acquire a home in this desirable location. The property boasts a range of fantastic features, making it an ideal family home. The ground floor of the..."
"*Annexe accommodation* Sat within a private road, occupying a position in the heart of Mousehold Heath, is this stunning family home with a large tranquil garden offering versatile spaces to enjoy. This four bedroom semi-detached property is located only a short walk into the city, ideal for thos..."
"* INCENTIVES WORTH £33,676 * SOUTH FACING GARDEN * PRIVATE DRIVE * CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION * EN SUITE * FITTED WARDROBES * STUDY *
The Holden makes the ideal family home. On your ground floor you will find your spacious open-plan kitchen / dining area which features a glazed-bay with French doors lea..."
"* INCENTIVES WORTH £29,398 * FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS * STUDY * EN SUITE * FULLY TURFED EAST FACING GARDEN * GARAGE * 
From the moment you walk through the door you will discover why the Holden makes the perfect family home. As you explore the ground floor you will find a study, ideal for working fro..."
A substantial and brilliantly characterful four bedroom barn conversion enjoying a peaceful and idyllic village setting benefitting from excellent access to Norwich city centre. 
"DPS Estates are delighted to offer this immaculate and exceptionally spacious two bedroom ground floor apartment. The apartment consists of a 22' Lounge dining area, modern fully equipped kitchen, master bedroom with en suite, four piece bathroom and a second double bedroom. The exterior boast a ..."
"* INCENTIVES WORTH £36,525 * STUDY * CORNER LOCATION * DETACHED GARAGE * OPEN-PLAN * UTLITY * EN SUITE * The Avondale is ideal for growing families. When you enter through your front door you will be presented with your spacious entrance hallway. From here you will find a handy study, spacious du..."
"***** NO CHAIN on this 4/5 BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW with a LARGE REAR GARDEN, ANNEX POTENTIAL, entertainment area with HOT TUB, located on one of the most popular roads in New Costessey. The property can also come with ALL FIXTURES & FITTINGS INCLUDED *****"
"A FAMILY HOME FOR OVER 36 YEARS, but it is now time for new owner to MODERNISE and PROGRESS this UNIQUE FOUR STOREY property which extends to 1195 sq.ft (stms). Situated in the GOLDEN TRIANGLE with a LARGE LAWNED GARDEN, some of the neighbouring properties have undergone extensive modernisation,..."
"abbotFox presents this handsome three-bedroom, bay-fronted hall entrance terrace house in Norwich's popular Golden Triangle. Generously proportioned throughout and briefly comprises; an entrance hall, bay-fronted sitting room, dining room opening into a kitchen breakfast room, and ground..."
"NO CHAIN. This 1930's EXTENDED detached bungalow occupies a NO-THROUGH ROAD setting just off EARLHAM ROAD. With a TREE LINED FRONT ASPECT which forms part of the Earlham Cemetery, this tucked away and GATED PLOT extends to some 175ft (stms) and is home to a WELL KEPT HOME with OPEN PLAN and LARG..."
"***STUNNING FAMILY HOME*** Detached with three bedrooms, master bedroom with ensuite, this beautiful home is glamourus, stylish and chic. Moreover, the property benefits from downstairs underfloor heating to warm up those feet during the colder nights. Fully fitted kitchen w..."
" This impressive and deceptive individually designed 4 bedroomed home built in 1992, with excellent accommodation with 3 reception rooms and a conservatory which offers versatile light and airy living space. Occupying a lovely established plot in a non estate position on this very popular road l..."
"Plot 163, The Dunston is an outstandingly designed and practical home, offering spacious family accommodation. A central entrance hall welcomes you into this attractive double-fronted property and opens to a dual-aspect lounge, featuring French doors to the rear garden. Across the hall is a spac..."
"Guide £475,000 - £500,000. STUNNING GOLDEN TRIANGLE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. This beautifully converted Old Dairy Building is located right in the heart of the Golden Triangle and is currently tenanted with an annual income of £36,000pa"
"*EXTENDED TO REAR* *SUBSTANTIAL GARDEN CABIN WITH ANNEXE POTENTIAL* *SOUGHT AFTER COSTESSEY LOCATION* *VAULTED KITCHEN EXTENSION* *NEARBY FIELDS* Enjoying a quiet position in the sought after suburb of Costessey, this extensive four bedroom detached bungalow is presented in excellent order throug..."
"A corner plot with a generously sized rear garden, the Welford has 4 double bedrooms, a double garage & ample driveway parking and an upgraded spec worth over £5,500."
" An impressive detached bungalow in this sought after Non Estate position backing onto mature woodland and conveniently located for excellent local schooling, shops and amenities with links to a good road network to the Broadland Northway, Ring Road and access to the city centre as well as being..."
"Guide Price: £475,000 - £500,000. This highly desirable four bedroom home located in the popular area of Thorpe St. Andrew offers good size living space, stylish kitchen/diner perfect for entertaining, utility room and downstairs WC, four good sized bedrooms with master ensuite and fami..."
"Guide Price £475,000-£495,000-Looking out onto the field views is this fantastic example of an executive style family home"
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this outstanding modern townhouse set in a secluded cul-de-sac only a short walk to Norwich city centre and Norwich train station. The property comes with outstanding views towards Norwich Cathedral and has a single garage. In brief, the property comp..."
Well appointed and tastefully extended Mclean built detached family home positioned within a cul-de-sac enjoying a private location with off road parking and a single garage.
CHARMING RED BRICK PERIOD PROPERTY LOCATED IN A POPULAR LOCATION A SHORT DISTANCE FROM NORWICH CITY CENTRE. Having been extended and updated by previous owners this property boats a wonderful mix of period charm and contemporary interior design. A deceptively spacious house that must be viewed.
"LAST REMAINING DUPLEX APARTMENT. Sitting within the west wing of the main 1914 Lodge is this fantastic apartment, offering two bedrooms and a stylish open plan first floor arrangement, luxurious bathroom suite and private courtyard garden."
"***INVESTORS ONLY*** William H Brown are delighted to offer this immaculate FOUR BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE in Whitlingham Hall, with two ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES, two ensuites and a private decked SUN TERRACE! Viewings are highly advised - call us today for more information!"
"The Marylebone has a spacious open-plan kitchen/breakfast/family room with French doors opening onto the garden. This detached five-bedroom, two-bathroom family home has separate living and dining rooms, a utility room, a downstairs WC and built-in storage. Bedroom five could become a home office."
READY TO MOVE INTO NOW! Stunning two bedroom 4th floor PENTHOUSE with LARGE WRAP AROUND TERRACE offering RIVER VIEWS. Large OPEN PLAN LIVING AREA with contemporary KITCHEN WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES. Main bedroom provides EN-SUITE & FITTED WARDROBES. UNDERFLOOR HEATING & FLOORING FITTED THROUGHOUT.
"The Welford has 4 double bedrooms, a single garage & 2 parking spaces and boasts a large rear garden. Get in touch today about the offers available to help you move."
"This sizeable, extended four bedroom detached family home is one not to be missed! Perfectly positioned in the ever popular village of Eaton offering a wide range of shops schools and amenities on your doorstep, this location will not be topped! If you are looking for a family home which you can ..."
This immaculately presented FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the popular NR6 postcode just to the north of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC PROPERTY!*
"ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this period Grade II listed three bedroom end terrace house, situated in a popular location within walking distance to the City Centre of Norwich. The property retains a host of original features including sash windows, stripped wooden floors and picture rails, ..."
"Exceptional contemporary family room with a games room for entertaining in. Minors and Brady are pleased to present this three bedroom detached home in the sought-after postcode of NR3. Boasting a generous sized family lounge which opens up to the dining room, family room with a skylight filling ..."
"abbotFox Bespoke presents this beautiful, period building located opposite the Cathedral in Norwich's historic city centre. The building comprises of a shop with accommodation above. The shop enjoys an impressive ceiling height and excellent frontage/display. There is a rear acc..."
This three four bedroom three storey town house is sure to stand out from the crowd for all the right reasons! The versatile living accommodation spread over three storeys is sure to impress. Nestled away within Norwich's vibrant city centre you wouldn’t even know this home was here until y...
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this extended detached bungalow is situated in a desirable location, convenient for the city, amenities and road links. Boasting over 1,188 sq/ft. of well-presented accommodation, the living spaces include an impressive 25'9 lounge with twin sliding doors to the rear..."
"Privately positioned, detached chalet bungalow tucked away in a quiet close. This three bedroom detached home comes is situated on a private, sizeable plot and offers potential to extend & improve. If you are looking for a home which you can put your own stamp on, then look no further! ..."
"The Redcar features a open plan kitchen/dining room and living room with French doors opening into the garden. A WC and storage cupboard. Upstairs you‘ll find three bedrooms, including a large bedroom one with en suite, a family-sized bathroom and storage cupboard."
"**OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £450,000** Charming Victorian property in the popular Golden Triangle area with off street parking. This three bedroom end-terrace property has been finished to a high standard throughout with Victorian character present. Boasting a generous lounge with a feature firepl..."
"This four bedroom semi detached home is located in one of Norwich's most sought after villages. Tucked away within a quiet close and offering an abundance of versatile living space including a large reception room, additional ground floor family room & three sizeable first floor bedrooms thi..."
"**PERFECTLY POSITIONED WITH DRIVEWAY PARKING** Bycroft Residential are delighted to present this perfectly positioned CORNER PLOT end terrace property which is presented to a high standard throughout and offers a mix of PERIOD FEATURES, garden areas and OFF ROAD PARKING. The property is located ..."
"With ease of access to the UEA, this rare DETACHED 3/4 BEDROOM HOME offers FURTHER POTENTIAL with its GOOD SIZED REAR GARDEN. An ideal FAMILY HOME or INVESTMENT PROPERTY this property is well proportioned and offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Call TODAY to organise your viewing."
***EXTENDED HALL ENTRANCE TERRACE*** Located on a sought after road within the highly regarded GOLDEN TRIANGLE OF NORWICH *** Charismatic and welcoming describe this beautiful family home which offers a wealth of original features.
"*GUIDE OF £450,000-£475,000. Perfect for couples and investors alike! ATTIK are delighted to present this stunning apartment with spectacular panoramic views across Norwich! Boasts 3 beds, underfloor heating, modern open plan living spaces including a well-appointed kitchen, 2 amazing bathrooms P..."
"Much improved 3 bed detached house, double length garage, well fitted kitchen/diner and studio in popular Norwich suburb of Eaton."
"Boasting over 1,490 sq/ft. of generous and versatile living space including a self-contained annexe, this extended bungalow offers a wealth of possibilities. Internally reconfigured to include a bay-fronted lounge with adjacent dining area, kitchen, family room, 4 bedrooms - 2 with en-suites plus..."
"Guide Price £450,000 - £475,000. NO CHAIN. Boasting accommodation approaching 1600 Sq. ft (stms), this FAMILY HOME will suit purchasers from ALL WALKS OF LIFE with scope for those who want SPACE to GROW INTO. With a ground floor STUDY/HOME OFFICE where you can tuck yourself away when w..."
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this extensive 3 bedroom detached bungalow enjoys a stunning location within a cul de sac of a sought-after and prestigious suburb of the city. Situated close to the river and water meadows, and with gardens offering a degree of privacy, the property enjoys 3 generou..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 INCREDIBLY SPACIOUS FIVE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, LARGE, FIVE BEDROOM, LINK DETACHED FAMILY HOME located in the sought after Dussindale estate to the east of Norwich. Accommodatio..."
"DPS Estates are delighted to offer this stunning penthouse apartment. The apartment consists of an open plan Lounge/Diner area, modern fully equipped kitchen, two double bedrooms three piece bathroom and a second double bedroom. The exterior boast a private terrace courtyard garden, allocated par..."
"We are pleased to advertise this modern, detached, four bedroom HOPKINS BUILT family home. Located within the popular residential area of Sprowston, this property has been exceptionally well maintained by the current owners since its relatively recent construction. Occupying a favourable plot, t..."
"**WONDERFUL CITY CENTRE TOWNHOUSE WITH LOVELY VIEWS OVER THE RIVER WENSUM** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer with no onward chain this stunning, three bedroom, three storey townhouse situated in the historic location of Quayside alongside the River Wensum within close proximity to Norwich Cat..."
"CHAPTERS is a unique collection of bespoke townhouses, apartments and duplexes finished to the highest standard offering a true example of styles inner-city living. 5 Chapters is an outstanding three-storey character townhouse offering the perfect blend of character charm of the original building..."
"MODERN DETACHED HOPKINS HOME! Having been immaculately well kept, this detached family home boasts four bedrooms, with an en-suite to the main bedroom, a spacious kitchen/diner with utility room and a generous sitting room with access to the fully enclosed walled rear garden. "
"** READY TO MOVE INTO NOW **The detached Sandringham house type offers a spacious living room, STUDY, DINING ROOM & WC. Kitchen features INTEGRATED KITCHEN APPLIANCES. EN SUITE and FITTED WARDROBE to main bedroom. EN SUITE to second bedroom. ALL FLOORING INCLUDED. TURF to garden. SINGLE GARAGE."
**OFFERS AVAILABLE TO HELP YOU MOVE!** The Sandringham features a STUDY. INTEGRATED KITCHEN APPLIANCES. EN SUITE and BUILT-IN WARDROBE to main bedroom. EN SUITE to second bedroom. FLOORING INCLUDED. TURF to rear garden. GARAGE & two parking spaces. READY TO MOVE INTO.
Four bedroom detached family home located on the popular Roundhouse Park in Cringleford with easy access to the A47 and A11.  Cringleford is the most affluent and popular area of Norwich conveniently located for access to Norwich City Centre. The village has unique charm with some po...
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this generous and well presented Victorian hall entrance end of terrace home set only a short walk to Norwich train station and Norwich city centre. The property coms with off street parking and ample storage throughout. In brief, the property compris..."
"The Thornford is a wonderful family home with 4 double bedrooms and space for entertaining family and friends. It includes over £11,500 of optional extras, including a fully integrated kitchen and shower package to the family bathroom."
"The Marlborough is a detached four-bedroom family home offering an open-plan kitchen/breakfast/family room - which has French doors to the garden - and separate living and dining rooms. There are four generous-sized bedrooms, an en suite to bedroom one, a family bathroom and plenty of storage."
"* READY TO MOVE IN NOW * INCENTIVES WORTH £33,999 * FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS * STUDY * GARAGE * FULLY TURFED GARDEN * Are you ready to move into your new home now? Then look no further this beautiful 4 bedroom home is ideal for a family with a generous entrance hall, open-plan kitchen, dining, and f..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £435,000 - £450,000 EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED IN A RARELY AVAILABLE LOCATION ON AN IMPRESSIVE PLOT OF APPROXIMATELY 0.2 ACRES (STMS) ** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this STUNNING, EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED HOUSE situated in a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC on a requested road in..."
"GREAT INVESTMENT! A three storey link detached house being sold with tenants in situ on a Multi Occupancy Tenancy, currently achieving a gross yield of 8.4%"
"* DETACHED GARAGE * DRIVEWAY PARKING FOR 3 CARS * FULLY TURFED GARDEN * EN SUITE * TOP FLOOR SHOWER ROOM * 4 DOUBLE BEDROOMS *
The Hesketh is an impressive family home. On your ground floor you will have a spacious open-plan kitchen / dining area which benefits from French doors to your fully tur..."
"**Make the Move in 2023 Sales Incentive** In addition to a 5% price reduction, already applied, this plot is eligible for £1,000 a month for a whole year towards Energy Bills and/or Mortgage repayments (subject to terms and conditions). Please contact the Sales Manager for more information."
"Immaculately presented four bedroom link detached home quietly positioned in a requested location. Beautifully presented throughout and offering flexible living accommodation, this home is perfect for expanding families searching for a property ready to move straight into. The lounge seamlessly f..."
"Guide Price £425,000 - £450,000 Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this much extended and improved five bedroom family home located in the popular village of Horsham St Faith."
"Located in the heart of Norwich's ever popular golden triangle stands this well presented, extended semi detached home. The open plan kitchen/diner & separate lounge ensure that the living space on offer with this home is sure to impress. Homes in this location tend to sell quickly so be sure..."
"With a west facing garden, the Shelford has 4 double bedrooms and a large kitchen diner ideal for entertaining."
"**LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION** This well-presented three bedroom detached bungalow is the ideal family home which has been modernised throughout, boasts a large rear garden and a double garage. CALL NOW!"
"***** NO CHAIN ON THIS STUNNING FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW located close to WOODLAND WALKS in the heart of New Costessey. The property has entrance porch & hallway, lounge, dining room, GARDEN ROOM, kitchen/breakfast room, TWO ENSUITES, family bathroom, enclosed gardens with LARGE SUN TERRAC..."
"A corner plot, the Shelford has 4 double bedrooms, a dedicated home office, large kitchen dining area and single garage & 2 parking spaces. Plus, there's over £5,000 of optional upgrades included."
"***** Be quick to view this THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE set on a VERY LARGE MATURE PLOT in the very popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has LOUNGE & DINING ROOM, kitchen, utility room, GROUND FLOOR SHOWER ROOM & FIRST FLOOR BATHROOM, TWO driveways, TWO garages and your OWN PRIV..."
*NO ONWARD CHAIN!* This immaculately presented 4/5 BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the popular NR5 postcode just to the west of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS STUNNING PROPERTY!*
"Guide Price £425,000 to £450,000. Situated within a leafy corner plot overlooking the communal green area and offers a double garage and ample off-road parking. Inside is a very generous interior offering five sizeable bedrooms and an en-suite to master plus two versatile reception room..."
"**** Be quick to view this FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED CHALET in the very popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, LOUNGE & DINING ROOM, kitchen, ground floor shower room and first floor bathroom, MATURE CORNER PLOT GARDENS, driveway & garage ***** "
The Bamburgh is a four-bedroom detached home. The open plan kitchen/dining/family room with doors leading to the garden. There’s also a front aspect living room and downstairs WC. First floor benefits from four bedrooms - bedroom one with an en suite and walk-in wardrobe - a bathroom and a cupboard.
"***** Be quick to view this THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW located on one of the most SOUGHT AFTER ROADS IN OLD COSTESSEY. The property offers very flexible accommodation to include Lounge, kitchen/dining room, utility room, GARDEN ROOM & SUN ROOM, bathroom, cloakroom, ATTIC ROOM, mature garden..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! This spacious three bedroom detached bungalow offers so much potential with scope to extend, subject to planning. The property has two reception rooms, newly installed boiler, 33'7 x 15'7 garage/workshop, wrap around garden, kitchen and bathroom. Offered with No Onward Chain. "
***NO ONWARD CHAIN!**** This immaculately presented FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the highly sought after NR7 postcode just to the east of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC PROPERTY!*
"**GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £450,000** **SEMI DETACHED HOME CLOSE TO UNIVERSITY MAKING AN IDEAL INVESTMENT CURRENTLY RENTED AT £3120 PCM *** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this established home within easy reach of the University of East Anglia and Norfolk and Norwich hospital."
GREAT INVESTMENT! A three storey link detached house being sold with tenants in situ on a multi occupancy tenancy. Currently achieving a gross yield of 8.2%
"GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £450,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this beautifully presented and spacious town house set in a secluded cul-de-sac in the heart of Norwich city centre. The property comes with off street parking, a single garage and a private rear garden. In b..."
"***IDEAL FAMILY HOME*** We are very delighted to offer this 4 bedroom detached chalet bungalow. With two large reception rooms, downstairs shower room and upstairs bathroom there really is room for the whole family. Externally the property also offers a spacious garden, dri..."
"A superb, two bedroom loft-style apartment with stunning interiors in an iconic building."
Fabulous ground floor flat within walking distance of the city centre with a GARAGE
"abbotFox presents this extended three bedroom detached house. Situated just off the popular Low Road in Hellesdon, this home has been thoughtfully improved by the current owners to provide generous living accommodation and potential for multi-generational living. Situated within easy reach of a w..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £450,000** **SEMI DETACHED HOME CLOSE TO UNIVERSITY MAKING AN IDEAL INVESTMENT CURRENTLY RENTED AT £3060 PCM *** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this established home within easy reach of the University of East Anglia and Norfolk and Norwich hospital."
"***£425,000-£450,000 Guide Price*** Iconic estate agents are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented detached family home, situated on an enviable modern development in Old Costessey. The property is located on the edge of the development and overlooks greenbelt land t..."
"***WOW FACTOR*** William's Way Estate Agents are proud to present this STUNNING FOUR BEDROOM BUNGALOW in the sought-after location of HELLESDON. This beautiful property enjoys four bedrooms, a bathroom, utility room, open-plan kitchen/living/dining area, generous rear garden and a garden room..."
"Guide Price £425,000 - £450,000. Open house Saturday 8th April 2023! Impressive Golden Triangle terrace with stylish interior and two ensuites. Located in the enviable Golden Triangle, you can find a range of amenities within walking distance such as local shops, pubs, parks and a great..."
"A versatile family home with the potential to extend and improve upon, located just three miles north east of the capital city of Norwich in the popular suburb of Sprowston and conveniently located close to local amenities that include schooling for all ages, a recreational park, garden centre an..."
"Offers Over £425,000-An ideal family home located in a popular residential suburb of Sprowston in Norwich offering access to a variety of local amenities shops, schools the city centre and northern by pass"
"This well-presented leasehold mid-terraced town house is conveniently located for amenities and road links, boasting over 1,485 sq/ft. of living spaces, full of character and charm. Accommodation includes a stylish kitchen with access to the cellar, 17'8 dual aspect lounge/diner, family bathroom,..."
"Conveniently situated for Riverside Retail Park, road links, city centre and Norwich Train Station, this mid-terraced townhouse has been extended to provide 1,490 sq/ft. of beautifully presented accommodation. The modern living spaces include a bay-fronted lounge, separate sitting room with a fea..."
This immaculately presented FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the popular village of Rackheath just to the north of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home.**VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS STUNNING PROPERTY!**
"MORE THAN MEETS THE EYE... This semi detached chalet has been heavily extended and boasts ample versatile accommodation, a 17'9"" x 14' 0"" garage with an electric roller door and a 27'11"" home office/studio/games room, with its own kitchen and shower room. The 22'1"" x 18'4"" luxury fitted kitchen/d..."
"Guide Price Of £425,000-£450,000. Presented with class and elegance, is this four-bedroom family home located in the popular area of Hellesdon. Finished with bright and neutral colour schemes enhancing the natural light which flows through the property, this home boasts plenty of recept..."
This Three storey terraced cottage is brimming with character from top to bottom. This quiet & quaint home is sure to impress from the minute you set eyes on it! Conveniently positioned in a sought after village be sure not to miss out on everything this unique home has to offer. T...
"Situated on an extremely sought-after development with excellent transport links is this incredible four-bed detached family home. The property is in need of cosmetic updating, however this is fully reflected in the extremely realistic guide price. The spacious accommodation on offer i..."
Four bedroom duplex apartment with delightful city views. Offered to market with no onward chain.
"Situated on an expansive mature plot of approx. 0.28 acres, this spacious family home offers well-presented accommodation including a 26'3 bay-fronted lounge, dining room with garden access and 3 double bedrooms; all with storage. The garden has to be seen to be believed with its multiple areas i..."
"GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £450,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this immaculately presented and spacious three storey modern town house set in a quiet cul-de-sac only a short walk to Norwich train station and Riverside Retail Park. The property comes with off street parki..."
"***A four bedroom detached family home located in this highly sought-after development which lies on the western fringe of Norwich, in the sought-after suburb of Costessey. This area is well-served with great local amenities and schooling, minutes from Longwater Retail Park. ***"
"Come inside this beautifully presented property! It's hard to believe this is a semi-detached house, offering four bedrooms, flexible living, ample off road parking plus garage and beautifully tended gardens. Our vendor has found and is keen to sell!"
A townhouse located within the exclusive Grade II listed Whitlingham Hall development.
"The Mayfair is a detached four-bedroom home that offers an open-plan kitchen/breakfast/family room alongside separate living and dining rooms. Upstairs, the master bedroom enjoys an en suite and there’s a bright family bathroom for the other three bedrooms. Bedroom four could be used as an office."
"***GUIDE PRICE £400,000-425,000*** ***STUNNING FAMILY HOME*** This beautifully maintained four bedroom link detached property is ready to move into. With two reception rooms, family bathroom + ensuite to master there is no need to fight for the bathroom in the morning...."
"**DETACHED BUNGALOW IN A RARELY AVAILABLE LOCATION IN EATON RISE OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this TWO BEDROOM (POTENTIAL TO BE A THREE BEDROOM), DETACHED BUNGALOW located in the highly requested area of Eaton Rise to the south of Norwich. Accommodation comp..."
"ONE OWNER SINCE NEW ON A STUNNING PLOT! Nestled away down Godfrey Road, this treasured four bedroom detached bungalow comes with a generous sitting room, family sized kitchen/diner and an extended garage/workshop. All whilst sitting on a 0.23 acre plot (STMS) this is a MUST SEE! "
"DETACHED FAMILY HOME! A previous four bed, this three-bedroom detached house sits on a long plot and offers both practical and spacious living accommodation. Located in the popular Norwich suburb of Old Catton, this family home offers three bedrooms, two reception rooms, three toilets and a garage! "
Heaton Property is delighted to introduce this rare opportunity to buy a most desirable and elegant Grade Listed city centre apartment which is located on one of the most historic and iconic streets in Norwich. ***A 360-degree virtual tour is available*** <...
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000. Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this beautiful three bedroom detached house which has been renovated to a high standard."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000. A three storey, three bedroom semi detached townhouse built by a small independent builder, this stunning and luxurious home has been significantly upgraded by its owners"
"If you have been in search of a generous sized four-bedroom family home or a property with potential for a self-contained annexe, then your search stops at this impressive and deceptively spacious semi-detached house. Situated in an extremely sought-after location, this amazing property offers co..."
"**CHARACTER HOUSE** This three bedroom detached family house has much of its original character and benefiting from a popular location in the heart of Sprowston, two reception rooms, integral garage and ample off road parking. Early viewings essential!"
"**GUIDE PRICE £400,000 TO £410,000 **EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY CURRENTLY ACHIEVING £2720PCM** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this LARGE, SEVEN BEDROOM, THREE STOREY TOWNHOUSE located to the west of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, bedroom and WC to th..."
"**EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY VERY CLOSE BY TO THE UNIVERSITY** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDEND, SIX BEDROOM, end terrace house situated on a corner plot within walking distance to the University of East Anglia with accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HALL, THREE BEDROOMS, ..."
"***** NO CHAIN on this THREE BEDROOM DETACHED CHALET located on one of the most popular roads in Old Costessey. The property is IN NEED OF UPDATING but offers GREAT POTENTIAL with accommodation to include entrance hall, lounge, KITCHEN/DINING ROOM, ground floor bathroom, driveway, garage and ENC..."
"**MODERN DETACHED FAMILY HOME OVER-LOOKING THE PARK** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, MODERN, FOUR BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY HOME situated on a small modern estate in the highly sought after suburb of Sprowston. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/dine..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000-£425,000***BEAUTIFUL RENOVATED HOUSE ON A GOOD SIZED PLOT OFFERING FURTHER POTENTIAL STP*** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this BEAUTIFULLY RENOVATED THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE in the heart of the ever popular suburb of Sprowston. Accommodation comprises ENTRANCE HALL..."
"This EXTENDED semi-detached home offers ANNEXE POTENTIAL - with some 1364 Sq. ft (stms) of accommodation including a SUNROOM in the GARDEN - ideal for entertaining or extra living space. Having been upgraded with new windows, guttering and gas fired central heating boiler, an OPEN PLAN FEEL to t..."
This detached bungalow in the highly regarded village of Cringleford is sure to prove popular. Tucked away in a quiet and peaceful setting with a host of local amenities on your doorstep this home is one not to miss. As you approach the bungalow you are immediately greeted by a sizeable and well ...
"Guide Price Of £400,000-£425,000. Boasting a fantastic south-facing garden with 16 solar panels featuring, Minors and Brady are thrilled to present to the market this four bedroom detached family home situated in the desirable suburb of Dussindale. The property occupies a generous plot ..."
*NO ONWARD CHAIN!* This exceptionally large THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the popular NR5 postcode just to the west of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home.*VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS EXCEPTIONAL FAMILY HOME!*
"Guide Price Of £400,000-£425,000. Situated on a generous plot with naturally lit spacious rooms. Minors and Brady are pleased to present this four bedroom home located in Costessey within Norwich. Boasting an open plan kitchen/diner perfect for family living, a spacious well lit lounge,..."
"***A superb three storey, four bedroom Hopkins designed townhouse, situated in a highly desirable residential cul-de-sac location just east of Norwich City. This property is sold with no chain and boasts garage and parking. This is a true MUST-SEE! *** Council Tax - D "
This well presented THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the popular NR3 psotcode just to the North of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home.*VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC DETACHED PROPERTY!*
"***GUIDE PRICE £400,000-£425,000 - AN ELEVATED HALL ENTRANCE TERRACE HOME IN PROMINENT POSITION ON FAVOURED GOLDEN TRIANGLE STREET*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this handsome family home offered to the market with no onward chain"
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** William's Way Estate Agents are proud to present this THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW in the sought-after location of DRAYTON. The home includes a front porch, entrance hallway, three bedrooms, bathroom, WC, living room, kitchen/dining room, conservatory, side porch, gen..."
An impressive duplex penthouse apartment with three outside terraces which enjoy views of the River Yare and city skyline.
"Enviably located and providing generous and flexible accommodation across two floors. Sefftons offer this four bedroom, two bathroom home. Within easy reach of local amenities as well as Norwich city centre, this is a rare opportunity. The owner invites you to view, so please contact us today to ..."
"*** Guide Price £400,000 - £425,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented 1930's detached house, situated to the West of the City, within close proximity to a range of local amenities. Internally, the property is offered in fantastic order throughout, benefit..."
An extended six bedroom student let/HMO which is currently achieving £2200 PCM (excluding bills) and being situated uniquely virtually opposite the UEA.
"Rescue this Garden! Detached bungalow which has been extended and re-configured to include a large reception room, two bedrooms and an extension with French doors overlooking the lovely garden. This property needs updating but has great potential to improve and add value. The original footprint ..."
"NO CHAIN & HIGHLY MOVTIVATED SELLER! This detached family home which is ENERGY EFFICIENT and DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS, offers a SPECTACULAR open plan KITCHEN/SITTING/DINING ROOM. With a built-in BREAKFAST BAR which is at the rear of this property, set under a VAULTED CEILING and four VELUX WIN..."
"*** Guide Price £400,000 - £425,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this four bedroom detached family home situated down a private cul-de-sac within the popular South-West suburb of Eaton. The property benefits from an open plan sitting room / dining room overlooking the garden, gas centra..."
"***A superb three storey, four bedroom Hopkins designed townhouse, situated in a highly desirable residential cul-de-sac location just east of Norwich City. This property is sold with no chain and boasts garage and parking. This is a true MUST-SEE!***"
"Situated in a cul de sac position in the sough-after North Norwich suburb of Old Catton is this well-presented four bedroom detached family home. Located in close proximity to local shops, schools and picturesque parks and green spaces, this property is sure to be extremely popular. Th..."
"*** Guide Price £400,000 - £425,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this double fronted corner Victorian terrace house situated within the popular Golden Triangle area of Norwich. The property offers a host of original features and benefits from gas central heating and double glazing. The ..."
"A sixth floor, two bedroom contemporary PENTHOUSE located within the thriving city centre, just a short stroll from amazing restaurants and shops."
Three bedroom homely and well-presented townhouse with accommodation on three floors in easy reach of city centre being on Fellowes Plain development. Complete with garage and parking it is sure to be popular so early viewing is recommended. No onward chain is an added bonus!
"No Chain!! Fantastic city centre investment for any buyer. Conveniently located for the football ground, Train Station and main road links out of Norwich this attractive double bay fronted Victorian home has an attached Annexe which makes for an ideal business opportunity and off road parking."
TWO in ONE: Presenting the Oppertunity for: EXTENDED INDEPENDENT FAMILY LIVING or HOME and WORK POTENTIAL or HOME plus RENTAL INCOME Presenting the chance to acquire this Unique property filled with Character offering a Lovely Home with an ideal opportunity to generate separate rental incom...
"Leaders are excited to present this three bedroom chalet bungalow in Hellesdon. Gowing Road is situated in Hellesdon. Hellesdon is a larger village, with plenty of amenities available including, supermarkets, cafes, restaurants, junior schools and high schools too. With various bus ro..."
"*FOR SALE BY MODERN AUCTION* This well located hall entrance END TERRACE HOUSE is currently let as a six bedroom house of multiple occupation. Arranged over four levels, with four bathrooms and parking too, the property offers a rare opportunity to invest in a very popular location. "
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this immaculately presented and stylish modern home set in a secluded location in the heart of Norwich. The property has been extensively refurbished throughout and comes with a single garage and private sun terrace. In brief, the property comprises; ..."
"**LARGE DETACHED FAMILY HOME OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this MODERN, FOUR BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY HOME located in A QUIET POSITION on the popular Dussindale estate. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, conservatory and WC ..."
"VENDOR HAS FOUND** Be quick to view this stunning FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED CHALET BUNGALOW offering very spacious accommodation AROUND 1808 SQ FT to include OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING ROOM with exposed double sided WOOD BURNER opening into lounge with views over SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN, luxury b..."
The Kentdale is the perfect choice for families with 4 bedrooms and lots of downstairs living space. Ask us about the offers available.
" This modern detached four bedroomed two storey house with three receptions rooms benefits from no onward chain offers space aplenty with versatile accommodation and a larger than average rear garden with a good degree of privacy, enjoying a popular location on the Dussindale development, set wi..."
"Offers available on the Midford, the perfect choice for families. This home features a sociable kitchen diner and 4 bedrooms."
"With a west facing rear garden, the 4 bedroom Midford boasts a sociable kitchen diner with useful utility room for laundry."
"Plot 162, The Carleton is an impressive and well-designed three bedroom semi-detached house offering versatility and space, plus two parking spaces. On the ground floor, there´s an entrance lobby, cloakroom, spacious lounge with bay window and that vital important kitchen/diner for modern ..."
"Surrounded by picturesque scenery, this property offers you the chance to move to a city centre location at the foot of St Giles-on-the-Hill for the best our fine city of Norwich has to offer. Create your own story inspired by history, culture, and beauty."
"Enviable cul-de-sac position with a beautiful south-facing garden. This extensive four bedroom detached bungalow has been finished to a high standard throughout with a bright and airy feel. Located only a short walk from amenities, you can find a supermarket, pub, park and much more with a great ..."
"*EPC Coming Soon* This beautifully presented family home, within a short drive of Norwich city centre, enjoys a peaceful cul-de-sac location and boasts a delightful, private rear garden and a generous private driveway offering parking for multiple vehicles to the front. Internal feature..."
*NEARING COMPLETION ** Recently extended and meticulously renovated this stunning 2/3 bedroom semi detached chalet is nearing the final stages of completion.
"CHAPTERS is a unique collection of bespoke townhouses, apartments and duplexes finished to the highest standard offering a true example of styles inner-city living. 15 Chapters is an outstanding and spacious duplex style apartment offering the perfect blend of character charm of the original buil..."
"DETACHED FAMILY HOUSE LOCATED IN EATON WITH ENTRANCE HALL, LIVING ROOM, GARDEN ROOM, KITCHEN, GROUND FLOOR CLOAKROOM, BATHROOM, 3 BEDROOMS, GARAGE, GARDEN, GAS FIRED CENTRAL HEATING, DOUBLE GLAZING AND NO ONWARD CHAIN "
"Guide Price OF £385,000-£400,000 Turn key bungalow within walking distance to local amenities. This beautiful three bedroom bungalow is located in the highly sought-after suburb of Thorpe St. Andrew with only a short walk to local amenities such as a supermarket, parks, post office, a r..."
EXTENDED FAMILY HOME within close proximity of the University of East Anglia offering flexible accommodation ideal for a family or buy to let investor.
This well presented FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the sought after village of Thorpe St Andrew just to the east of Norwich City Centre and would make a fantastic family home.*VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS GREAT PROPERTY!*
"abbotFox presents this chain-free, detached family home. Situated within the sought after residential area of Drayton, this home represents an ideal opportunity for any growing family. With the current layout comprising, an inviting entrance hall, reception room, downstairs bedroom, with en-suite..."
"Being Sold by YOPA Online Auction. Starting Bids from £380,000. Buy it now option available. Please call or visit YOPA Online Auctions for more information. Large property in need of modernisation, with high ceilings, open plan living, sash windows with wooden shutters and a generous size cellar."
"Plot 154, The Barnham offers a contemporary, sleek and stylish look with an abundance of family-friendly living space over three floors. Once inside, the entrance hall with cloakroom opens into the generous open plan living space, offering storage beneath the stairs and double doors to the rear..."
"* INCENTIVES WORTH £28,441 *OPEN-PLAN * EN SUITE * GARAGE * FRENCH DOORS TO FULLY TURFED GARDEN * UTILITY * SPACIOUS *
The Ingleby could be your brand-new traditional style four bedroom detached home, perfect for families. Your home benefits from an open-plan kitchen / dining / family area with h..."
"** STAMP DUTY PAID OR A £10,000 FURNITURE PACKAGE! ** The Cavendish is a town house with a GARDEN ROOM, a UTILITY ROOM & a kitchen featuring INTEGRATED APPLIANCES & JULIET BALCONY. The spacious living room features a BAY WINDOW. The main bedroom includes FITTED WARDROBES & EN SUITE."
* KEY WORKER SCHEME * OPEN-PLAN * LUXURY MAIN BEDROOM * EN SUITE * DRESSING AREA * DRIVEWAY PARKING * FLEXIBLE SPACE * The Woodcote is a versatile 4 bedroom home set over 3 floors.  On your ground floor you have your kitchen that's spacious enough for a breakfast table. You then have a large livi...
"Conveniently located for city access and road links, this family home has undergone internal modifications creating wonderful living spaces. Updates include rewiring, a stunning updated kitchen with some integrated appliances and a modern bathroom upstairs. With 3 good-sized bedrooms and plannin..."
"**MODERN END TOWNHOUSE ON A LARGE CORNER PLOT IN A QUIET POSITION WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, FOUR BEDROOM, THREE STOREY, END TOWNHOUSE tucked away in a small development in the highly sought after NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprising ..."
"SIMPLY STUNNING! This extended Spixworth home has been dramatically improved and thoughtfully extended to offer a range of generous living accommodation, that has to be seen to be appreciated. The master bedroom suite has an exquisite vaulted ceiling and the gorgeous family kitchen is open plan."
"Situated in one of Hellesdon’s most sought-after locations is this impressive and incredibly well-presented three bedroom detached bungalow. Situated close to range of handy amenities as well as excellent local schools, this property is guaranteed to sell fast, and an early viewing is highl..."
"Offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Providing flexible accommodation, SEFFTONS present this EXTENDED FIVE BEDROOM CHALET BUNGALOW. Enviably located with a wealth of local amenities, as well as good transport links to Norwich City centre. Further benefiting from a range of workshops and a Summer House, ..."
"Lovingly FULLY MODERNISED and EXTENDED by the current owners, this FAMILY HOME is truly stunning and exquisitely finished throughout. The rear extension brings a true HUB to the property, whilst the high specification and generous south facing plot ensure comfortable and stylish living. Call Seff..."
This top floor duplex apartment located in the heart of Norwich city centre is one not to be missed! Centrally located with a host of amenities on your doorstep convenient living wont get better than this. Located on the top floor offering an attractive outlook this home is perfect for modern liv...
"If you have been in search of a spacious family home, then this extended four/five-bedroom semi-detached house is guaranteed to impress. The versatile layout on offer lends itself to a variety of possibilities including the potential for a self-contained annexe. The ground floor accommodation inc..."
"Price Guide - £375,000 - £400,000 Located in the heart of the city centre with views overlooking the picturesque Chapelfield Gardens with their timber bandstand, pavilion and tree lined walkways, this unique Georgian Grade II listed town house offers a rare opportunity to acquire a..."
"** CHAIN FREE**
MAIN POINTS - City Centre End Townhouse, Three Storeys, Three Bedrooms with Master En-suite, Exposed Beams and Open Plan Living Room, Private City Garden, Excellent Condition Throughout No. 1 Philippa Court is a beautiful City Centre Townhouse listed Grade II as a property of arc..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000 - POTENTIAL TO RUN YOUR BUSINESS FROM HOME IN PROMINENT WEST CITY LOCATION*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this established semi detached home with larger than average plot and 29'11"" x 18'8"" workshop."
"Charming family home in the centre of the picturesque city of Norwich, benefiting from all amenities in walking distance. Boasting four double bedrooms, one ensuite, stylish fitted kitchen, two welcoming reception rooms for hosting, along with the characterful living area with an original bakery ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £135,000-£145,000 Minors and Brady are pleased to present to market this bright and spacious two bedroom flat situated on the first floor, perfect for a retirement property in the sought after suburb of Thorpe St. Andrews. Boasting a 24 hour careline system and a house manag..."
"DPS Estates are delighted to offer this stunning first floor apartment. The apartment consists of an open plan Lounge/Diner area, modern fully equipped kitchen, two double bedrooms three piece bathroom and a second double bedroom. The exterior boast a private terrace courtyard garden, allocated p..."
***HALL ENTRANCE TERRACE HOME WITH SIDE RETURN KITCHEN EXTENSION*** William H Brown are pleased to offer this handsome home located within the Golden Triangle and offered with no onward chain.
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** ***GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000*** Being sold with the tenant to remain in situ is this four bedroom detached bungalow. With double garage, spacious lounge, two shower rooms and open plan kitchen/breakfast room there is plenty of roo..."
"Located in a cul de sac position, close to a rage of local amenities and schools for all ages is this well-presented four bedroom detached family home. This property is extremely spacious and with a realistic asking price we expect lots of interest. The accommodation on offer includes ..."
This well presented THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the popular NR1 postcode just to the east of Norwich city centre and would make a perfect family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC PROPERTY!*
Located with convenient access to local schools and amenities and offering over 2200 square feet of accommodation is this hugely impressive four/five bedroom detached family home. This superb property offers versatile living and has been a much-loved family home for many years. The acc...
Fantastic family home with a home office and a generous size south-facing garden. Situated in the enviable suburb of Sprowston with an array of local amenities within walking distance and a great catchment area for schooling. The property benefits from a bright and open feel with a large lounge a...
"ATTIK are delighted to present this characterful & spacious 3 double bed mid-terrace house, close to the train station & city centre. Accommodation over 3 floors includes 2 reception rooms, a kitchen with separate utility, bathroom & g/f wc, along with an enclosed private garden to the rear. Call..."
"Guide Price £375,000-£400,000 Tucked way in RURAL NORFOLK but just off the BROADLAND NORTHWAY (NDR), this link-detached home forms part of RACKHEATH PARK - a SELECT GATED COMMUNITY with OPEN VIEWS and a TUCKED AWAY SETTING which is perfect as a second home or for those looking for a RET..."
"**GUIDE £375,000 - £400,000**An opportunity to acquire a sizeable plot with a blank canvas to create your dream family home. Located in the popular postcode of NR3 with only a 10 minute drive to the city centre where you can find an abundance of amenities. Independent shops, restaurants..."
"Located in the ever popular golden triangle this stunning home is within easy reach of Norwich city centre. This over the passage Victorian terrace has been renovated to the highest standard throughout with no expense spared, ideal for those looking for a home they can move straight into this pro..."
Moneyproperties are delighted to bring to market this immaculately presented three-bedroom semi-detached house on a popular housing development within ease of access to Norwich City Centre and all its amenities. This spacious and modern home benefits from 9 years remaining on the builders warr...
"Located on a tree lined road within Norwich's highly regarded Golden Triangle sits this period home that offers original features, landscaped garden and prominent position close to the city centre and local amenities."
"****WOW FACTOR**** Prepare to fall in love with this beautiful detached spacious home situated on a prestigious corner plot in the ever popular suburb of Costessey. Offering room for all the family with a light and airy lounge, open plan kitchen/diner, four bedrooms and family bathroom ..."
"***** NO CHAIN on this FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED CHALET located in the heart of New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, GARDEN ROOM, ground floor bathroom, en-suite, enclosed gardens, driveway, garage and LOCATED CLOSE TO ALL AMENITIES AND RIVER AND WOODLAND WALKS *****"
"If you have been in search of a spacious and well-maintained family home, then you may have just found it in this extended and truly stunning three-bedroom semi-detached bungalow. Situated in one of Hellesdons most sought after locations, this property leaves nothing to be desired and is guarante..."
"Situated on the popular Dussindale development east of Norwich and within easy reach of Dussindale school and local amenities, providing good road links to the A47 and A11. This spacious four bedroom family house benefits from a re-fitted kitchen with built in appliances, spacious lounge, separa..."
"*William H Brown are proud to present this extremely well-presented three bedroom townhouse which was built in 2017 and is located in a sought-after development in the popular NR3 postcode of Norwich, to the north of the city, with fantastic transport links, close to shops and great schooling. *"
"The Kingsville is an elegant four bedroom semi-detached home, ideal for second steppers or extending families. The ground floor presents a spacious OPEN-PLAN kitchen/breakfast/dining area with FRENCH DOORS leading out to a fully turfed rear garden and a study/4th bedroom for home working.   On ..."
"The Kingsville is an elegant four bedroom semi-detached home, ideal for second steppers or extending families. The ground floor presents a spacious OPEN-PLAN kitchen/breakfast/dining area with FRENCH DOORS leading out to a fully turfed rear garden and a study/4th bedroom for home working. On the ..."
"CHAPTERS is a unique collection of bespoke townhouses, apartments and duplexes finished to the highest standard offering a true example of styles inner-city living. 14 Chapters is an outstanding and spacious duplex style apartment offering the perfect blend of character charm of the original buil..."
"SIMPLY INCREDIBLE DETACHED FAMILY HOME** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTREMELY WELL PRESENTED, FOUR BEDOOM, MODERN, DETACHED FAMILY HOME situated in the highly sought after Dussindale Estate to the east of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge, dining room, MODERN ..."
"£25,520 WORTH OF SAVINGS
This four bedroom home has a light and spacious kitchen with French doors opening onto the garden. On the ground floor there is also a fourth bedroom, perfect for using as a study if you work from home. On the first floor you'll find the en suite main bedroom and lounge...."
Halsbury Homes are delighted to offer this exquisitely designed 3 bedroom semi detached home with garage. Currently under construction this home is built to an exceptional standard and attention to detail. With classical style and part of an elegant collection these homes are a rare find.
A well positioned four bedroom detached family home over looking the green
"NO ONWARD CHAIN. A three bedroom detached bungalow located in a cul-de-sac on a good size plot in the much requested suburb of Hellesdon. The accommodation is arranged to provide entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, three bedrooms and a bathroom."
"LOW MAINTENANCE BUNGALOW! This modern three bedroom bungalow is presented beautifully and includes a modern fitted kitchen, spacious lounge/diner, refitted shower room, entrance hall, gated driveway, garage with power and lighting and a landscaped garden."
"Guide Price £365,000 - £375,000. MOTIVATED VENDOR. Boasting recently REFURBISHED accommodation, this DETACHED HOME is READY TO MOVE IN. With a FLEXIBLE LAYOUT to be used as a THREE or FOUR BEDROOM HOME, the spacious accommodation is laid out to allow for a ground floor bedroom if requi..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** William's Way Estate Agents are proud to offer this FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED CHALET in the sought after location of COSTESSEY. The property offers entrance hallway, living room, kitchen, dining room, study, bathroom, four bedrooms, generous rear garden, off-road parking, ga..."
"abbotFox presents this ideal family home. Occupying a secluded position within the popular Hampden View development in Costessey, this home overlooks the nearby green, and is ideally situated within easy reach of the nearby play area, and a wealth of local amenities. Accommodation comprises; entr..."
"Period Property upper floor flat with arranged over two floors with two bedrooms. A Grade II listed stunningly beautiful home bursting with original features, charm and character. If you are looking to enjoy City centre living and appreciate a Period property steeped in history complete with rho..."
"A spacious four bedroom detached family house which has many extra features including a newly fitted white gloss kitchen with quality marble work surfaces and ceramic flooring. There is a spacious lounge with views to the un-overlooked rear garden, a sizeable dining room and ground floor cloakro..."
"VENDOR FOUND! This UPDATED and MODERNISED detached bungalow offers a MANAGEABLE PLOT, off road parking and an INTEGRAL GARAGE. With a REPLACEMENT KITCHEN, BATHROOM and WINDOWS, the property has been re-decorated in recent months, and is ready for occupation. With a LARGE SITTING/DINING ROOM wi..."
***QUALITY LOCATION WITHIN A SHORT DISTANCE OF THE UNIVERSITY*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this FIVE BEDROOM student let being sold with tenants in situ rented at £2500 PCM. Viewing is highly recommended.
"abbotFox presents this stylish extended, semi-detached house. Situated within easy reach of Norwich City centre, the train station and a wealth of local amenities at the Riverside development, this home represents an ideal opportunity for any buyer looking to enjoy City living. Occupyin."
"Situated in an established cul de sac in an extremely sought-after location is this impressive three bedroom detached bungalow. Having undergone a complete programme of refurbishment by the current owner, the property is in exceptional order throughout and is available to view immediately. <..."
"PERFECT POSITION, HANDSOME HOME! Well positioned within the ever popular Hampden View development, this detached family home offers four bedrooms with en-suite to master, kitchen diner, utility room, downstairs WC and garage! DO NOT MISS OUT!"
"Situated on the CITY BOUNDARIES, this 1060+ Sq ft (stms) DETACHED BUNGALOW offers an UPDATED INTERIOR including a REPLACEMENT KITCHEN and FAMILY BATHROOM. With RE-WIRING, the central heating boiler being serviced and the ADDITION OF a WARM ROOF to the CONSERVATORY - the property really is easy t..."
**IMMACULATE FAMILY HOME** This three bedroom detached family home was built by Taylor Wimpey in 2021. The current vendors had upgrades in the kitchen and the bathrooms and has maintained the property to a high standard. Early viewings essential!
"Guide Price £360,000 - £375,000. This SEMI-DETACHED HOME with ANNEXE/HOME OFFICE has been in the family for almost 70 years and WHY WOULD YOU MOVE, with schooling on the doorstep, SPROWSTON LIBRARY, RECREATION GROUND in walking distance and only a short drive from AMENITIES. The MUCH LO..."
"The Lumley is a four-bedroom home featuring an open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading into the garden. There's also a utility room, living room, handy storage and a cloakroom. The first floor has three bedrooms, one with an en suite. The top floor bedroom also has an en suite."
The Ashley is a detached DOUBLE FRONTED HOME. Featuring FRENCH DOORS to a TURFED garden from living room. DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM. Fitted wardrobes and EN SUITE to main bedroom. INTEGRATED APPLIANCES to kitchen and FLOORING INCLUDED. Ample storage space. Sold with a SINGLE GARAGE and 2 parking spaces.
Pymm & Co are delighted to present the opportunity to acquire a freehold property that comprises of a shop and a one bedroom flat.
Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this immaculately presented and spacious loft-style penthouse apartment set in the heart of Norwich only a short walk to the main train station and Riverside Retail Park.The property offers a wealth of natural light and has two Juliet balconies. In br...
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000. Websters Estate Agents Are delighted to offer this beautifully presented and spacious hall entrance Victorian home set in the heart of Norwich's highly coveted Golden Triangle. The property comes with no onward chain and generous south facing rear garde..."
"If you have been in search of a spacious and well-presented property, then look no further than this extended three bedroom detached bungalow in the sought-after north Norwich suburb of Old Catton. This property is guaranteed to impress from the moment you step inside, and with a realistic asking..."
"Guide Price: £350,000-£375,000. Located centrally to city amenities and wonderful countryside walks, is this detached three bedroom bungalow. Inside you'll find a modern and neutral interior ready for new owners to enjoy straight away, a fitted Howdens kitchen, two ensuites, family bath..."
"Offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN this three bedroom link-detached is a perfect family home. Providing modern accommodation, excellent garden space and a convenient location, this property is a MUST-VIEW."
"Having been occupied since its construction in the early 1980’s this unique and much-loved family home now makes its reluctant yet exciting addition to the local property market. This superb property has much to offer, and with no onward chain and an incredibly realistic asking price, we ex..."
"Guide Price Of £350,000-£375,000. Bright and stylish home located in the sought after location of Spixworth, just five miles away from Norwich City centre. Boasting three sizeable bedrooms, welcoming lounge, versatile gym/office and open plan kitchen/diner creating the perfect space for..."
"abbotFox presents this exceptional detached family home. Occupying a prime position, overlooking the nearby green and playing area, this home offers a convenience hard to match with a wealth of local amenities within walking distance and being situated within easy reach of the University, Norfolk..."
This well-maintained six bedroom hall entrance mid-townhouse is situated in the popular NR3 postcode within short walking distance of Norwich city centre and train station. The property would make a fantastic investment or family home.
"**COMPLETION IN MAY** and only three houses remaining!! THREE STOREY plus EN-SUITE to the main bedroom Super energy efficient air source heating, two parking spaces, gardens and beautiful Schmidt bespoke kitchens. Integrated oven, hob, dishwasher and washing machine as standard. "
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this rarely available and superbly renovated two bedroom ground floor apartment, located within an impressive corner plot in one of the city's most highly sought after areas, just a short walk from the City Centre. The double bay fronted property bene..."
"abbotFox presents this detached family home. Situated within a prime position, with nearby woodlands, and a wealth of local amenities, this home represents an ideal opportunity for any young family looking to upsize. Accommodation is arranged over three floors, and offers an inviting entrance hal..."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this beautifully presented and generously extended semi-detached family home set in a secluded cul-de-sac in the highly sought after NR2 area of Norwich only a short walk to the city centre. The property come..."
"FANTASTIC FAMILY SIZE HOUSE. This detached family sized home is in a prime position, backing onto the local school playing field. The property offers both a lounge and dining room, as well as a conservatory, ground floor WC and four generous bedrooms, a garage and a South - West facing rear garden!"
"Immaculate family home within the ever sought after location of Sprowston, boasting all amenities and easy access into Norwich city centre. The well maintained property boasts three sizeable bedrooms, master ensuite, welcoming living room for hosting, fitted utility room and an open plan kitchen/..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 - A BEAUTIFUL END TERRACED CONVERSION LOCATED IN PRIME RESIDENTIAL LOCATION*** William H Brown are pleased to present to the market this individual home that offers well balanced accommodation and two parking spaces with EV CHARGING POINT"
A superb and exceptionally spacious four bedroom detached family home situated in a quiet tucked away cul-de-sac location within a sought-after area close to Norwich's UEA and hospital.
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000. BEAUTIFUL PRIVATE REAR GARDEN. Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this three bedroom, semi detached property located in Hellesdon."
"***** Be quick on is this THREE BEDROOM DOUBLE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW located in the popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility room, bathroom, GOOD SIZE MATURE GARDENS, large driveway & detached garage ***** "
"A beautifully presented four bedroom detached chalet bungalow with a detached single garage and close to local amenities. The property flows seamlessly with access to the garden from UPVC doors in the living room and the utility. Offering spacious living areas, off road parking for multiple cars ..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000** **SEMI DETACHED HOME CLOSE TO UNIVERSITY MAKING AN IDEAL INVESTMENT CURRENTLY RENTED AT £2450 PCM *** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this established home within easy reach of the University of East Anglia and Norfolk and Norwich hospital."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000. Bright and airy feel throughout housing ample family living space. Minors and Brady are pleased to present to market this modern three bedroom semi-detached house in the popular location of Sprowston. Boasting beautiful presentation, this house holds a s..."
"EXTENDED VILLAGE HOME! This extended detached house offers flexible family sized accommodation, in a prime village location. With two large reception rooms and four bedrooms, as well as a garage and garden, this property is a must see! The property is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN. "
"Immaculate, recently renovated bungalow within the sought after postal code of NR7, benefiting from all amenities nearby. Boasting two bright double bedrooms, four piece family washroom, stunning fitted kitchen and utility room, with the generous living area for relaxing and hosting. The expansiv..."
"SPACIOUS INSIDE & OUT! With four bedrooms, two bathrooms, a large living room, utility room and of course an extended kitchen dining room, this Spixworth home is certainly family sized. The flexible accommodation is complimented further by the generous lawned rear garden and ample parking. "
"Incredibly stylish family home, one of a kind with characterful features seamlessly blended into the interior. This deceptively spacious three bedroom home has been fully renovated to a high standard to create bright open plan living spaces, contemporary kitchen with integrated appliances, stylis..."
"**NO CHAIN - MOVE STRAIGHT IN**
An immaculately presented 3 bedroom home decorated in a contemporary style throughout. This end terrace leasehold (940 years remaining) property overlooks beautiful gardens situated in a much sought-after postcode area of Norwich. This 3 bedroom family home is..."
"SOUTH FACING GARDEN! This spacious bungalow, in need of some TLC, offers three double bedrooms, three reception rooms, kitchen, bathroom, driveway and brilliantly sized south facing rear garden. The plot offers so much potential with options to extend rearwards and upwards (Subject to planning)."
"abbotFox presents this immaculate, three bedroom, link-detached family home. Occupying a generous plot and a prominent position in the well-regarded Roundhouse Park development of Cringleford, this is an ideal opportunity for any growing family. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, cloakroom, ..."
"Guide Price: £350,000-£375,000 - Minors & Brady are pleased to present this fantastic four bedroom detached home in Costessey with unrivalled field views, offering great access to the A47 and Longwater retail park. The home benefits from a neutral design throughout perfect to creat..."
No Chain - Stunning Semi in Sprowston - A lovely semi-detached 1930's built house with three bedrooms and two bedrooms and beautiful south west facing garden. This family home has been carefully maintained and impressively improved to create a spotless house with an immaculate garden. The garde...
"CHAIN FREE, empty property with plenty potential to make your own. Minors and Brady are pleased to present to the market this four bedroom detached bungalow situated in Thorpe St. Andrew. Boasting open plan naturally lit reception rooms, three ground floor double bedrooms, a family bathroom, an A..."
An exceptionally spacious three bedroom duplex apartment formed from the ground and first floor of this impressive building which lies in the heart of Norwich's Riverside development with superb river views.
"Guide Price £350,000 - £375,000. NO ONWARD CHAIN. Positioned within WALKING DISTANCE to Norwich City Centre, this HALL ENTRANCE terraced home has THREE BEDROOMS and FAMILY BATHROOM OFF LANDING. With RENOVATED accommodation including an updated and CONTEMPORARY DECOR, the property has b..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £350,000-£375,000 - HALL ENTRANCE ON POPULAR ROAD IN NR2*** William H Brown are pleased to present to the market this well presented home offering flexible accommodation being offered to the market with no onward chain!"
"**GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000** **SEMI DETACHED HOME CLOSE TO UNIVERSITY MAKING AN IDEAL INVESTMENT CURRENTLY RENTED AT £2475 PCM *** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this established home within easy reach of the University of East Anglia and Norfolk and Norwich hospital."
"This 3 bedroom semi-detached bungalow is located in the sought after area of Sprowston with access to a variety of amenities and transport links. The property benefits from open plan living, large driveway to the front with carport and access to the garage with a generous size garden to the rear."
"ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this well presented semi detached house situated in a popular residential location to the South West of Norwich. The property is conveniently located within walking distance to Eaton Park, local amenities and The University of East Anglia, as well as having exce..."
"**NEWLY RENOVATED** This three bedroom semi-detached bungalow has been renovated throughout to a high standard with a newly fitted kitchen, new gas central heating system and has ample off road parking alongside a garage. The property is being sold with no onward chain. Early viewings essential!"
*VENDOR HAS FOUND!* This amazing FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE is tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac on the south side of Norwich. The property would make a great family home or for anyone looking to upsize. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC PROPERTY!*
*NO ONWARD CHAIN!* This immaculately presented THREE BEDROOM DETACHED CHALET is situated in the popular NR8 postcode to the west of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS LOVELY CHALET BUNGALOW!*
"Pymm & Co are delighted to offer a selection of 14 unique properties from studio apartments to a three story townhouse, all set within the historical building of Bignold House, once forming part of the Norwich Union empire which is synonymous with Norwich and its rich business history."
Extremely well-presented three bedroom end-terraced house which has been modernised throughout and has been extended by the current vendors. Call us today to not miss out on this stunning property!
"*VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE ON REQUEST* ATTIK are delighted to present this fully renovated & modernised family home with ample parking & gardens for all. Comprising 3 bedrooms, 2 generous reception rooms, gorgeous fitted kitchen, stylish bathroom & a sizeable entrance hall/porch, with space for pe..."
"RENOVATED AND REFURBISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD… This semi detached family home has undergone an extensive programme, which has included reconfiguring the layout, updating the electrics, installing a new gas combi boiler, UPVC double glazing, a new fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, new bath..."
"Guide Price £350,000-£375,000-This three double bedroom bungalow is situated within the heart of the well sought after location of Sprowston"
A traditional 1950's four bedroom semi-detached house situated just off of Wilberforce Road in a highly sought-after location within walking distance of Norwich's UEA and N&N Hospital.
"Guide Price £350,000-£375,000- Are you looking for a hall entrance on one of Norwich's most sought after roads?"
"ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this three bedroom end townhouse situated on a private development just off Newmarket Road, within easy access to a range of local amenities and transport links in to the City Centre of Norwich. The property is offered for sale with no onward chain and benefits ..."
"This bungalow located in the ever popular village of Eaton is sure to prove popular. Tucked away in a quiet close within close reach of a host of local shops, schools & amenities is ideal for those looking for a home which is ready to move into straight away. As you approach the bungalow you ..."
"***** VENDOR HAS FOUND so keen to view this WELL PRICED FIVE BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE located on the popular Hampdens estate in New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/dining room, utility room, BATHROOM, SHOWER ROOM & En-SUITE, enclosed gardens, driveway, garage and VIEWS OVER L..."
Be quick to view this four/five-bedroom semi-detached chalet style house which is deceptively spacious and presented in immaculate condition throughout. Don’t let the front of the property deceive you as once inside you will be amazed by the space on offer and wowed by the high standard of ...
"Ready to move into and with optional extras included worth over £7,200, The Easedale is a 3 bedroom home ideally suited to first time buyers or young families."
"£345,000-Are you looking for a property within easy reach of the City and the NDR? This is the perfect family home for you"
"An attractive period style home from the exterior but inside, it's a contemporary new home. High quality, low maintenance, energy efficient home. Fabulous kitchen & appliances. Exceptional specification inc. underfloor heating. 3 double beds. Gardens. Garage. Village location. 5 miles to Norwich."
"*INCENTIVES WORTH £25,230* OPEN-PLAN * EN SUITE* DRESSING AREA * TURFED GARDEN * FLEXIBLE LIVING *
The Kennett could be your perfect family home. Generously laid out over three floors, ideal for modern flexible living. Starting at the top, you will find your luxury principal bedroom. Benefiting f..."
* OPEN-PLAN * LARGE PRINCIPAL BEDROOM * EN SUITE * DRESSING AREA * SPACIOUS LIVING * EAST FACING GARDEN * The Kennett is the ideal home for your growing family. Designed over three floors with modern living in mind. You will have a spacious living room and open-plan kitchen / dining area which be...
"***** Be quick to view this FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE located in the popular suburb of Chapel Break BACKING OPEN FIELDS. The property has entrance hall, cloakroom, LOUNGE & DINING ROOM, kitchen, bathroom, en-suite, PARKING & GARAGE ***** "
"**VENDOR FOUND**TUCKED AWAY IN A SMALL PRIVATE DEVELOPMENT** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this stunning, three bedroom, modern detached house located in a quiet position to the west of Norwich with accommodation comprising entrance hall, spacious 25' open plan lounge/diner, modern kitche..."
"abbotFox presents this spacious detached house. An ideal opportunity for any growing family or buy-to-let investor, this home is generously proportioned and occupies a prime position within easy reach of a variety of local amenities, the University and the Hospital. Accommodation comprises; invit..."
"The Wilton is a four-bedroom home with a ground-floor bedroom/study with French doors to the garden, WC, utility room and storage cupboard. The first floor has open-plan kitchen/dining/living space. Three bedrooms are on the second floor, one is en suite, with a bathroom and more built-in storage."
"The conveniently located three bedroom end of terrace home is ideal for any growing family. With an abundance of space & a real must see kitchen/diner, this home is sure to impress. Conveniently located within a stones throw of a host of local amenities including shops, schools, doctors and m..."
"**EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW IN THE HIGHLY DESIRABLE THORPE ST ANDREW** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, semi detached bungalow located in the sought after suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HALL, OPEN PLAN LOUNGE/K..."
"*NO ONWARCH CHAIN*. Be quick to view this extended detached bungalow, set on a good size mature plot, in the ever popular village of SPIXWORTH. The property has been extended to offer three bedrooms, a family bathroom, WC, a kitchen - dining room and a generous living room. "
"**EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITHIN VERY CLOSE PROXIMITY TO THE UNIVERSITY** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED HOUSE situated on a GOOD SIZED PLOT to the west of Norwich close by to the University of East Anglia. Accommodation compr..."
"Guide Price £340,000-£360,000. DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION positioned near the NNUH & UEA for those needing a short walk to a place of work or study, and the A47 or A11 for a longer commute by car or bus. This property would be an excellent INVESTMENT as a standard let or wit..."
A lovely three bedroom detached house with off road parking and a single garage in a quiet location just a twenty minute walk to the University Of East Anglian and a ten minute drive to both Norwich City Centre and the Norfolk and Norwich hospital. Contact the team to book your viewing today.
"Guide Price £340,000 - £350,000. NO CHAIN. Occupying a position SET BACK FROM THE ROAD this MODERNISED and WELL MAINTAINED home offers a SUBSTANTIAL PARKING AREA to front with secure gates leading to additional parking. The accommodation comprises a HALL ENTRANCE, leading to a BAY FRONT..."
"* INCENTIVES WORTH £27,078 * CORNER PLOT * OPEN-PLAN * EN SUITE * FULLY TURFED GARDEN * PARKING *
The Lutterworth is a bright and spacious three bedroom home. When you walk through your front door you enter a generous sized entrance hall, to one side you have your open-plan kitchen / dining area,..."
"* INCENTIVES WORTH £27,078 * CORNER PLOT * FULLY TURFED GARDEN * DRIVEWAY PARKING * EN SUITE *
The Lutterworth could be your spacious three bedroom semi-detached home in a great corner plot location. Perfectly designed to be bright with flexible areas for modern family living. You'll benefit from..."
"We are pleased to present this four-bedroom detached property located in Norwich. The property consists of – Sitting room, Kitchen/Dining room, Study, Four bedrooms, Shower room, Bathroom and a Garage. This property offers spacious family accommodation arranged over two floors. ..."
"MODERN END TOWNHOUSE IN THE POPULAR NR3 AREA OF NORWICH** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, MODERN, END TOWNHOUSE located in the highly sought after NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, kitchen/diner, lounge and WC to the ground floor..."
The Easedale is a 3 bedroom home ideally suited to first time buyers or young families.
A three bedroom semi detached house in Thorpe St Andrew. With off road parking and large private garden. At the rear of the property is a large cabin suitable for home office.
"* FULLY TURFED GARDEN * EN SUITE * OVERLOOKING GREEN OPEN SPACE * SPACIOUS * 
The Maidstone is a three bedroom semi-detached home, ideal for growing families. As you enter your home you will find a handy lobby and your cloakroom. You are then through to the spacious family living room followed by..."
"*OVERLOOKING GREEN OPEN SPACE* OPEN-PLAN * EN SUITE * FULLY TURFED GARDEN *
The Maidstone is the ideal family home that overlooks green open space. You have a spacious living room that leads to your open-plan kitchen/dining area. You will benefit from having French doors that lead into your fully..."
"FULLY FURNISHED CITY CENTRE APARTMENT. Located on the second floor, this two double bedroom apartment offers contemporary accommodation and wonderful views while being just a short walk from popular restaurants and bars."
"The Maidstone is a three bedroom mid terrace home featuring a generous living room leading to a spacious OPEN-PLAN kitchen with dining area and FRENCH DOORS leading to an enclosed fully turfed rear garden.
Upstairs, there are three bedrooms with an en suite to the main bedroom as well as a family..."
Detached four bedroom residence located in the popular suburb of Old Catton.
"The 3 bedroom Yewdale features a sociable kitchen diner and space to work from home and includes an upgraded specification worth over £7,000."
"CHAPTERS is a unique collection of bespoke townhouses, apartments and duplexes finished to the highest standard offering a true example of styles inner-city living. 13 Chapters is an outstanding and spacious loft style duplex apartment offering the perfect blend of character charm of the original..."
"This elegant apartment is finished to the highest of standards and offers the very best in luxury living. Set within a converted building with an abundance of history and enviously positioned in the heart of Norwich city centre. The accommodation comprises of entrance hall, three bedroom..."
"**CHARACTER HOUSE** This three bedroom detached house boasts a large living space, large wrap round enclosed rear garden, conservatory, garage and driveway parking. Early viewings essential!"
CONTEMPORARY FIRST FLOOR CITY CENTRE APARTMENT offering two bedrooms and wonderful open plan living with balcony.
"READY TO MOVE INTO- Beautiful apartment minutes from Norwich city centre, providing UNDERFLOOR HEATING, lift access to all floors, FULLY FITTED KITCHEN with integrated APPLIANCES, Flooring fitted throughout and PRIVATE BALCONY. Arrange a viewing today!"
"***** Be quick to view this FOUR BEDROOM LINK DETACHED HOUSE located on the popular Hampden View development in New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, KITCHEN/DINING ROOM, bathroom, en-suite, ENCLOSED GARDENS, driveway & garage ***** "
Built by the well-renowned ‘Norfolk Homes’ and located on a popular modern development is this striking three-bedroom semi-detached home offered with no onward chain. This stunning property is well-presented with spacious accommodation which includes a 14ft lounge and 16ft...
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** This three bedroom detached house boasts a 23'7"" lounge/diner, integral garage and driveway parking and would make the ideal family home. Early viewings essential!"
"GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this beautifully presented semi-detached home that has been modernised throughout and is set in the highly sought after area of Thorpe St Andrew east of Norwich city centre. The property comes with off street..."
"Guide Price £325,000-£340,000. MOTIVATED VENDOR! THE PERFECT BLEND of CHARACTER and MODERN FINISHES can be found in this SPECTACULAR HOME which has SCOPE TO EXTEND (stp). Spaces to entertain have been created in and outside of this property, as an example, the SITTING ROOM has a cosy ..."
"abbotFox presents this impressive, stylish townhouse within close proximity of Norwich city centre and conveniently positioned within the heart of NR3 close to Urban Lounge, Kofra Coffee shop and the renowned Fat Cat Brewery as well as a Tesco Metro. The accommodation briefly comprises;..."
**NO ONWARD CHAIN** This two/three bedroom detached bungalow boasts a large enclosed South facing rear garden and offers much potential to make the ideal family home. Early viewings essential!
"*NO ONWARD CHAIN!* This recently refurbished THREE BEDROOM VICTORIAN HALL ENTRANCE PROPERTY is located in one of Thorpe Hamlets most popular locations, Beatrice Road is a pretty tree lined avenue which lies on the edge of Norwich city centre."
"Conveniently located for amenities and road links, this well-presented mid-terraced property benefits from an approx. 60' south-east facing rear garden. Accommodation includes a sitting room to the front of the property, lounge/diner with woodburner, practical kitchen, plus ornate fireplaces in 2..."
"abbotFox presents this extended, semi-detached family home. Located within the popular residential area of SProwston, within easy reach of a wealth of local amenities, this home has been thoughtfully improved by the current owners. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen diner and..."
"An outstanding two bedroom purpose built ground floor, Riverside apartment, boasting exceptional river views as well as secure undercroft parking, situated in this sought-after location in one of Norwich's ever-desirable, Riverside locations."
"**GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000 EXTENDED THREE STOREY HOUSE HIDDEN AWAY ON A MODERN ESTATE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, FOUR BEDROOM, semi detached house tucked away over looking the woodland in the sought after suburb of Old Catton. Accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HA..."
"Located in the sought-after north Norwich suburb of Old Catton, with convenient access to local amenities and schools is this well-presented three-bedroom detached house. The property is adjacent to a well-renowned doctors’ surgery as well being close to bus stop and green areas which are i..."
Located in the heart of Hellesdon we are delighted to offer for sale this immaculately presented 2 bedroom bungalow. Early viewings are essential to avoid disappointment!
This well presented THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW is situated in the popular NR6 postcode just to the North of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home.***VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC BUNGALOW!***
"***** A STUNNING THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE located down a PRIVATE ROAD in the popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, KITCHEN/DINING ROOM, garden room, family bathroom , MATURE GARDENS WITH AN OUTBUILDING currently used as a gym with WC which c..."
This immaculately presented FOUR BEDROOM LINK-DETACHED PROPERTY is situated in the popular NR5 postcode just to the west of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS GREAT PROPERTY!*
"**SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOUSE** The property is well-presented and spacious throughout, perfect for a growing family! Early viewings essential!"
"A three bedroom extended semi detached house with possibility to extend further. The property offers flexible accommodation with home office, games room and large garden."
"If you have been in search of a spacious property with a private and established garden, then this three-bedroom detached bungalow in an extremely sought-after location is guaranteed to impress. This deceptively spacious home requires modernisation making it the perfect property to truly make you..."
"***** A LOVELY LOCATION and a LOVELY BUNGALOW located OPPOSITE A LOCAL GREEN AREA in the popular suburb of Chapel Break. This TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW has entrance entrance hall, fitted kitchen, lounge, CONSERVATORY, bathroom, mature enclosed gardens, DRIVEWAY & GARAGE ***** "
"There is no onward chain with this extended 3 bedroom semi detached house in a sought-after location in Hellesdon. This superb property is new to the market and is guaranteed to attract immediate interest. The accommodation on offer includes a lounge with open fireplace, an impressive 21ft open p..."
Located on a sought-after private road in the picturesque north Norwich suburb of Old Catton is this unique and extremely impressive four-bedroom Victorian semi-detached family home. At first glance it is hard to believe that the property offers over 1200 square feet of accommodation....
"Guide Price: £325,000-£350,000. Minors & Brady are pleased to present this exquisite four bedroom, two bathroom family home located in the ever popular area of Hellesdon. Stretching across three levels, this home provides beautiful interior throughout with a stylish kitchen/diner, a..."
"MODERNISED and UPDATED! With a CONTEMPORARY FITTED KITCHEN which opens to a DINING AREA and SLIDING DOORS to the REAR GARDEN, this DETACHED BUNGALOW offers a NON-OVERLOOKED REAR ASPECT, located just off CROMER ROAD. Offering THREE BEDROOMS and easy access to NORWICH AIRPORT, the NDR and the CITY..."
"Guide Price: £325,000-£350,000. Sold with no onward chain! Located within the popular north area of Norwich city centre is this private, detached bungalow offering enclosed gardens with a detached garage. Homes like this are very popular due to it's proximity to the city whilst being ab..."
"Situated in a sought-after location close to local shops and schools is this well-presented three-bedroom semi-detached house. With a realistic asking price and properties in this part of Hellesdon being in constant demand, we expect lots of interest, so an early enquiry is highly recommended."
"GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this well presented and spacious first floor Over 70's retirement apartment in this highly sought after McCarthy & Stone development to the south-west of Norwich. Only a short walk to Eaton with various a..."
"Guide Price £325,000 - £350,000. Immaculate three story family home located in the popular location Costessey, boasting a wealth of amenities within. This beautiful home benefits from a large kitchen with integrated appliances and space for a dining table, bright living room, three bath..."
"Full description ACCOMMODATION. Part glazed front door COMPRISES ENTRANCE HALL Tiled floor to : LOUNGE 12’x12.3” ( 3.71m x 3.73m) PVCu double glazed window to front aspect, feature cast iron fireplace with tiled returns and ornate timber surround, tiled hearth, power point..."
"ATTIK are delighted to present this stunning, extended & beautifully modernised townhouse in a very popular riverside area, close to the railway station & city centre. With 3 double bedrooms & 2 reception rooms, & a spectacular master & ensuite with views from all parts of the rooms. Call now to ..."
"NO CHAIN. Mid-terrace home boasting OVER 1250 Sq. ft (stms) of accommodation, with STUNNING VIEWS over the NORWICH SKYLINE. The CATHEDRAL is in view throughout the WINTER MONTHS and hidden behind greenery throughout the spring and summer. Given its position you can wander into the CITY CENTRE wi..."
"GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £335,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this light and spacious loft-style apartment set only a short walk to Norwich city centre and Norwich train station. The property comes with no onward chain and a secure allocated parking space. In brief, the..."
The 3 bedroom Crofton is suitable for modern lifestyles offering flexible living across 3 storeys. Get in touch today about the offers we have available.
"Enjoy your outdoor space in this 3 bedroom Yewdale, which has over £5,000 of optional extras included."
"Guide Price Of £325,000-£350,000. Beautifully presented three bedroom link detached home situated within the popular location of Sprowston. This turn-key condition home has been completed with a sophisticated and stylish finish throughout making it the ideal home for a modern day family..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** William's Way Estate Agents are proud to present this THREE BEDROOM semi-detached house in the sought-after location of NORWICH. This home is in need of modernisation, but is positioned in a great location close to the UEA. The property benefits from an entrance hallway,..."
"GUIDE PRICE OF £325,000 - £350,000. Minors & Brady are delighted to bring to market this extended and modernised three bedroom home in the popular area of Thorpe St. Andrew. On a peaceful plot, the property boasts living across a well sized lounge, a modern kitchen/diner, a family r..."
Lovely Home - Brand new refurbishment for this semi-detached chalet bungalow with open plan kitchen diner and three upstairs bedrooms. This property has been impressively improved and extended and is now a modern and luxury stylish home. Privacy and seclusion is key. Comprising Entrance Porc...
"Enviably located on a larger than average plot and extended, this GENEROUS family home provides spacious and flexible accommodation with FOUR BEDROOMS and TWO RECEPTION ROOMS as well as a GROUND FLOOR W.C and UPDATED first floor Bathroom. Ideally located for local schools, amenities and offering ..."
"abbotFox presents this spacious, extended, semi-detached house. Located within a quiet close, in the sought-after residential area of Sprowston, this home is an ideal opportunity for any growing family. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, lounge diner, kitchen, conservatory and shower room to..."
"Guide Price £325,000 to £350,000. Detached bungalow with three bedrooms, set in a good sized plot in great location near to all essential amenities, bus routes, and transport routes. This property has been well maintained to the the highest standards over the years by the same owne..."
This three bedroom semi-detached house with a self-contained one bedroom annex is situated in the popular postcode of NR6 and would make for a fantastic family home. Viewings are highly recommended. Please call us now to register your interest.
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** This three bedroom linked-detached home was built by Hopkin Homes in 2017 with a newly fitted Wrens kitchen, enclosed rear garden with hot tub, garage, carport and driveway parking. Early viewings essential!"
*Launch date for viewings on Saturday 1st April. Strictly by appointment* Sitting on a corner plot and offered with no onward chain is this exciting student let opportunity. Located just a short walk away from the UEA
"Situated in one of Hellesdon’s most sought-after locations is this deceptively spacious 4 bedroom detached chalet style house. With no onward chain and a realistic guide price, this superb property is set to be extremely popular, and an early viewing is highly recommended. The sp..."
"Conveniently located within walking distance to local amenities, stands this beautifully presented three bedroom detached bungalow. Filled with natural light and spacious both inside & out, with parking for several cars, a single garage and a private garden to the rear. Call the team now to view."
"***** NO CHAIN on this THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW set in a NICE PRIVATE SETTING just North of Norwich. The property is in INTERNALLY IMMACULATE CONDITION and offers accommodation to include OPEN KITCHEN/FAMILY ROOM, shower room, cloakroom, MATURE WRAP AROUND GARDENS, driveway and DETACHED G..."
"Situated in a cul de sac position in the sough-after North Norwich suburb of Old Catton is this well-presented three bedroom detached house. Located in close proximity to local shops, schools and picturesque parks and green spaces, this property is sure to be extremely popular. The acc..."
"A Contemporary 3 bedroom family home built and finished to a high specification with a modern open plan kitchen dining room perfect for entertaining. The ground floor has underfloor heating throughout , the kitchen is finished off with beautiful high gloss units and integrated appliances with..."
"William H Brown are pleased to present this well-presented 4 bedroom semi detached chalet bungalow. The property would make the perfect family home with ample living space including lounge, sitting/diner/play room, kitchen and bathroom along with a detached garage, driveway and garden!"
"**EXTENDED CHALET BUNGALOW ON A LARGE PLOT IN THE SOUGHT AFTER SUBURB OF THORPE ST ANDREW** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED CHALET BUNGALOW located in the highly requested suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation comprising entranc..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** William's Way Estate Agents are proud to present this FOUR-BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW in the sought-after location of DRAYTON. The property offers four bedrooms, a bathroom, kitchen, living/dining room and rear garden. The home also benefits from a garage, off-road parkin..."
NO ONWARD CHAIN. A semi detached family home located within the much requested suburb of Thorpe St Andrew.
"GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this well presented and extended bay fronted Victorian terrace set in the heart of Norwich's Golden Triangle. The property has a generous south-facing rear garden and ample storage throughout. In brief, the p..."
**CHAIN FREE** This elegant apartment is finished to the highest of standards and offers the very best in luxury living. Set within a converted building with an abundance of history and enviously positioned in the heart of Norwich city centre. The accommodation comprises of entrance hall...
*NO ONWARD CHAIN!* This THREE BEDROOM MID-TERRACE HOUSE is situated in the popular NR7 postcode just to the east of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic first time buy or investment purchase. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS GREAT OPPORTUNITY!*
"Guide Price Of £325,000-£350,000. Spacious bungalow located just a 15 minute bike ride away from Norwich city centre, creating the ideal family home. Benefiting from three double bedrooms, two family washrooms, fitted kitchen and utility room, along with the open plan living area with a..."
"Located in a cul de sac position with convenient access to local amenities and schools is this extended and extremely well presented two-bedroom semi-detached bungalow. Having undergone a complete programme of re-design and refurbishment by the current owners during their tome at the property, we..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a city centre Grade II listed character apartment that has the added benefits of private parking and wonderful features throughout.
"If you have been in search of a spacious property with an established garden, then this three-bedroom detached bungalow in an extremely sought-after location may just be the one you are looking for. The substantial accommodation on offer includes an 18ft dual aspect lounge with bay win..."
"This semi-detached bungalow located in Thorpe St Andrew, is offered to market with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Occupying a generous plot backing onto woodland, parking for multiple vehicles and a conservatory overlooking the well maintained garden. Offering the potential to easily reconfigure, creating a th..."
"Enjoy the best of modern living in this popular three-bedroom home which benefits from a stylish open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors leading into the garden. The Hatfield's bright front aspect living room, separate utility room, handy storage cupboard and downstairs WC make this a great home."
"CHAPTERS is a unique collection of bespoke townhouses, apartments and duplexes finished to the highest standard offering a true example of styles inner-city living. 7 Chapters is an outstanding and spacious ground floor apartment offering the perfect blend of character charm of the original build..."
"With over £5,000 of optional extras included, the 3 bedroom Easedale is ideal for first time buyers or young families."
"**MODERN, WELL-PRESENTED THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED THREE STOREY TAYLOR WIMPEY BUILT HOME** The property was built in 2018 and is being sold with the remaining NHBC warranty and with no onward chain! Early viewings essential!"
"abbotFox presents this deceptively spacious, 1930's home. Offering an immediate sense of light and space upon entering the property, this home offers an ideal opportunity for any young family or professional couple. Situated in the heart of the sought after residential area of Thorpe St Andrew, t..."
"** STAMP DUTY PAID OR A £6,000 FURNITURE PACKAGE! ** The Welney is a popular house type and features FRENCH DOORS to the garden from living room. FITTED WARDROBE and EN SUITE to main bedroom. INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and FLOORING INCLUDED. SINGLE GARAGE & 2 parking spaces. READY TO MOVE INTO!"
"Move straight in to this 2-3 bedroom semi-detached bungalow in Thorpe St Andrew, freshly decorated throughout, versatile accommodation, conservatory, enclosed rear garden, parking and all with NO ONWARD CHAIN!,"
"MOTIVATED VENDOR. Boasting accommodation presented in IMMACULATE ORDER arranged over THREE FLOORS on the outskirts of NORWICH, this semi-detached townhouse is STILL UNDER NHBC warranty and has a DECEPTIVE CORNER PLOT which has been landscaped and a RAISED DECK added creating a wonderful ENTERTAI..."
"**WONDERFUL TAYLOR WIMPEY BUILT MODERN TOWNHOUSE WITH OFF ROAD PARKING** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, SPACIOUS, THREE BEDROOM, THREE STOREY END TOWNHOUSE situated on a MODERN ESTATE in the popular suburb of Sprowston. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge/din..."
"A three bedroom semi detached house with some updating required, situated on a corner plot in the popular suburb of Sprowston."
"The 3 bedroom Gosford is coming soon to Hampden View, so register your interest today. This home boasts a single garage & driveway parking."
An extended three-bedroom semi-detached house in a popular area with a long rear garden. This property is offered for sale with no onward chain.
"An attractive, semi-detached property in a convenient city centre location, offering spacious and characterful accommodation including two double bedrooms, shower room, two reception rooms and kitchen. The enclosed garden has been landscaped and there is an outbuilding for storage."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** Looking for somewhere to put your own stamp on it and truly make it your own? Well this three bedroom semi-detached family home could be right up your street. With three bedrooms, family bathroom, spacious lounge/diner, generously sized kitchen and amp..."
"**EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, TWO BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW situated in the highly requested suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, TWO BEDROOMS, bathroom, kitchen, di..."
"abbotFox presents this stylish, three bedroom townhouse. Situated within the popular residential area of Sprowston, this is an ideal opportunity for any young family, and affords easy access to a wealth of local amenities. Accommodation is spread over three floors, with the ground floor comprisin..."
"abbotFox presents this spacious three bedroom semi-detached house. Situated within a desirable South City location, this home affords a convenience hard to match. With a variety of local amenities and Norwich City Centre within easy reach, this is the perfect opportunity for any young family or p..."
Standing on a corner plot this Three Bedroom Town House is one you do not want to miss!
"Guide Price £315,000 - £325,000. VENDOR HAS FOUND! ENERGY EFFICIENT HOME with 5.32kW SOLAR PANELS and a BATTERY for storing additional energy! OVERLOOKING green space and a play area, this THREE BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE is semi-detached with OVER 1100 Sq. ft (stms) of spacious accommodation. B..."
"PRETTY CHARACTER COTTAGE! Offering three bedrooms, modern kitchen/diner, as well as a spacious living room, this characterful cottage is both pretty and practical! There is off street parking, gas fired central heating, UPVC double glazing and a compact enclosed rear garden. This is a must see!"
"Guide Price £310,000-£325,000. VENDORS FOUND! This HALL ENTRANCE END TERRACE HOME offers immaculately presented accommodation which has been TASTEFULLY UPDATED. Positioned in a SOUGHT AFTER AREA of NORWICH, the CITY CENTRE and the RIVERSIDE ENTERTAINMENT are both within a 20 minutes wal..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £310,000-£320,000** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer with NO ONWARD CHAIN this DELIGHTFUL, EXTENDED, SEMI-DETACHED CHALET BUNGALOW in the popular suburb of Hellesdon. Accommodations comprises , ENTRANCE HALL, 24FT LOUNGE, 24FT KITCHEN/DINER, BEDROOM ONE and SHOWER ROOM to the gr..."
"With its own private driveway, the 3 bedroom Crofton offers flexible living across 3 storeys."
"Strike is pleased to present this property in the sought after area of the Golden triangle. recently refurbished throught to inclue new kicthen,bathroom and ensuite. New Windows and doors, rewired makeing this a move property. Perfect for a first time buyer or as investment property. Garden to re..."
"**RENOVATED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH A LARGE DRIVEWAY AND GARAGE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED HOUSE located in the popular, modern Dussindale estate to the east of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, WC, lounge, NEWLY FITTED..."
"If you are looking for a quality brand new home with classical style, elegant proportions and exceptional attention to detail, look no further than a home here at St Andrews Park.VISIT US NOW at St Andrews Park sales suite and view our show home. "
"Guide Price £310,000-£325,000. LINK-DETACHED HOME with FOUR BEDROOMS of which THREE are DOUBLE. The well presented KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM and SITTING/DINING ROOM are accessed off a central hallway with the STAIRS TO THE FIRST FLOOR and a cloakroom. Upstairs the FOUR BEDROOMS are accesse..."
"Spacious 1ST FLOOR apartment offering- Fully fitted KITCHEN with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, FLOORING FITTED THROUGHOUT, UNDERFLOOR HEATING, Main bedroom with EN-SUITE & FITTED WARDROBES, LIFT ACCESS. *READY TO MOVE INTO NOW*"
"The Rufford is a three-bedroom family home. The open-plan kitchen/dining room has French doors leading into the garden. The front porch, inner hallway, downstairs cloakroom and cupboard take care of everyday storage. This home also has an en suite to bedroom one, family bathroom and integral garage."
* KEY WORKER INCENTIVE * OPEN-PLAN * EN SUITE * DRIVEWAY PARKING * FULLY TURFED GARDEN * The Maidstone is the perfect 3 bedroom semi-detached home for your growing family. You will have a spacious living room along with an open-plan kitchen dining area. This benefits from French doors leading to ...
"abbotFox Bespoke presents this beautiful, period apartment enviably located opposite the Cathedral in Norwich's historic city centre. Accommodation is arranged over three 1/2 floors and briefly comprises; entrance hall with stairs to the first floor which provides a WC, generous kitchen ..."
"PERFECT FAMILY HOME! ***GUIDE PRICE £300,000-£325,000*** This modern three bedroomed extended detached house with accommodation comprising of porch, ground floor cloakroom, lounge, dining room and fitted kitchen with three bedrooms and bathroom off landing. "
Situated in a cul de sac location with convenient access to local amenities and schools for all ages is this extended three/four bedroom semi detached house. The ground floor accommodation on offer includes a striking 22ft open plan kitchen/family with a part vaulted ceiling and patio...
"**END TERRACE HOUSE WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE UNIVERISTY** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, END TERRACE HOUSE located to the west of Norwich close by to the University of East Anglia. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, utility roo..."
"GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000... This is a beautifully presnted hall entrance, bay fronted city terrace is positioned just off Hall Road and within walking distance of the city centre. It comes with a south facing non bisected rear garden, off road parking at the rear, gas central hetaing and d..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000 OFFERED TO INVESTORS ONLY CURRENTLY ACHIEVING £2,315PCM** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, FOUR BEDROOMS, END TOWNHOUSE tucked away in the highly popular NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprises ENTRANCE HALL, BEDROOM, UTILITY ROOM an..."
"GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000. This bright, rustic and modern home offers two bedrooms; both with feature fireplaces and beautiful tall windows, with the opportunity to convert the loft into a third bedroom (building regulations required). This home has a subtle contemporary feel thro..."
"New to the market is this modern 2 bedroom flat in a prime central Norwich location, with riverside shopping and restaurants on your doorstep and only a quick stroll into the city center and Carrow Road, you would be pushed to find a better-located home."
"If you have been in search of a property in Hellesdon, then this well-presented and extended three bedroom semi-detached bungalow is guaranteed to impress. Offered with no onward chain, the property has been superbly maintained throughout with a single family holding ownership since its construct..."
"***A superb and exceptionally spacious three bedroom, three storey maisonette situated in a secure and select, gated development which lies just off Princes Street (Tombland), in one of Norwich's most historic locations. ***"
" ***PRICE GUIDE RANGE £300,000 to £320,000***An opportunity to purchase an older style semi-detached bay fronted house set on this ever popular non estate location within the sought after suburb of Thorpe St. Andrew with its excellent local schooling, shops, amenities & good direct a..."
"A wonderfully unique and bespoke two bedroom (with mezzanine), mews-style cottage situated in a secure tucked away location just off this highly sought-after central city street."
"A stunning 2 bedroom Grade II Listed, Brick and Flint character townhouse, tucked away from the hustle and bustle, just to the north of Norwich city centre. NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this 3 bedroom link-detached property enjoys a slightly elevated, end of cul de sac position in a popular residential suburb. Ready for a new lease of life but with great potential, this family home offers generous living spaces including a 19'1 kitchen/diner and 13'..."
"Enviably located close to both local amenities and Norwich City centre, Sefftons offer this three bedroom semi detached bungalow. With excellent transport links and updated accommodation, the owners invite you to view. Please call Sefftons today to request your viewing. GUIDE PRICE £300000 to..."
"This sizeable three bedroom semi detached bungalow offers endless amounts of potential, ideal for those looking to put their own stamp on a property. Situated on a quiet road within the ever popular village of Thorpe St Andrew this home is sure to prove popular. As you approach the property you a..."
"**Guide £300,000 - £325,000** CASH BUYERS ONLY A rare opportunity to acquire a mid terraced house, converted many years ago to ground and first floor one bedroom flats, with potential to convert back to a single dwelling house. CHAIN FREE.
"
"If you love to host for friends and family, then look no further than this immaculately presented home which has been stylishly reconfigured and renovated to a high standard and now offers an open plan living space including a modern lounge and a stunning kitchen with breakfast bar plus double do..."
"CHAIN FREE with spacious reception rooms, opportunity to put your own stamp on it. Minors and Brady are pleased to present to the market this three bedroom detached bungalow situated in Norwich. Featuring naturally lit reception rooms perfect for family living, a family bathroom, three fair sized..."
"Newly renovated detached bungalow with an immaculate landscaped garden. This three bedroom home benefits from a full renovation and is now in turn-key condition awaiting its new owner. You can enjoy a sizeable lounge which opens up to the kitchen, a well-equipped contemporary kitchen, modern bath..."
***CURRENTLY RENTED WITH TENANTS IN SITU - RENTED FOR 2022/2023 ACADEMIC YEAR*** Four bedrooms rented out for £1880 pcm with rental increasing to £2020 pcm.
"A Potential Investment, offered with No Onward Chain, this end-terraced property is within easy reach of local shops, A11 and UEA. Accommodation includes a 20'6 lounge/diner with gas fireplace, separate 18'5 conservatory, plus practical kitchen. Outside benefits from tandem off-road parking, carp..."
**This immaculately presented two bedroom duplex apartment is situated just to the east of Norwich city centre. The property would make a fantastic investment purchase or for business professionals and benefits from stunning views across the city and it's being sold with **NO ONWARD CHAIN!**
A rare opportunity to acquire an extended semi-detached bungalow in this sought after residential location of Thorpe St Andrews
"TERRIFIC EXTENDED TERRACE! Having been modernised, extended, improved and loved by the current owners it offers three bedrooms, ensuite to the master, a generously sized sitting room and a stunningly spacious open plan kitchen/diner with access to the fully enclosed rear garden. Viewings are a must!"
"Guide Price £300,000-£325,000 - Immaculately presented two bedroom bungalow only a short walk into the city centre. This property is perfect for those looking for a bungalow filled with natural light in turn-key condition. You are presented with a large lounge with a feature fireplace, ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000 ... We are delighted to offer this two bedroom hall entrance bay fronted terrace situated just to the South of the City Centre. The property benefits from an entrance hall, a refitted kitchen, dining room, bay fronted sitting room and a cloakroom/utility on the gro..."
"*GUIDE PRICE £300,000 to £325,000* Located in the popular suburb of Sprowston, this modern family town house is conveniently positioned just three miles north of the city centre and readily affords near access into Norwich whilst also providing a community lifestyle on the fringe o..."
"A three bedroom detached house in a cul-de-sac location with plenty of parking and a west facing rear garden. In addition, the property has the benefit of gas central heating and UPVC double glazed windows."
"If you have been in search of a spacious bungalow with a large garden, then look at this well-appointed 3-bedroom detached bungalow located on a popular road on the edge of Hellesdon. The property requires some modernisation making it the ideal property to put you own stamp on and make it your dr..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £300,000-£325,000*** ***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** Are you looking for a family home? Then we have the property for you. With three bedrooms, two reception rooms, spacious kitchen and modern bathroom there is room for all the family. Externally..."
"Guide Price £300,000-£315,000. This semi-detached home is CLOSE to the UEA, Sportspark and the NNUH. With SCOPE TO EXTEND (stp), REMODEL or update. The property suits a WIDE RANGE OF BUYERS and could be used as a primary residence to fully enjoy the GARDENS and entertaining areas, STUD..."
"Spacious four bedroom town house located only a short drive into the city centre. This fantastic family home is located on the outskirts of the city centre, with amenities close by. Take a short walk and you can find the popular Waterloo Park, an array of shops, cafes, supermarkets, schools and m..."
"Offered with No Onward Chain is this beautifully presented 2 bedroom first floor leasehold apartment, part of a purpose-built McCarthy and Stone retirement development for the over 70´s. Within easy reach of local amenities and transport links, the property enjoys 2 bedrooms, including one w..."
"Guide Price Of £300,000-£325,000 Well presented by the current owner, a beautiful family home with naturally lit reception rooms. Minors and Brady are pleased to present to the market this two bedroom semi detached home situated in the small town of Thorpe St Andrews. Boasting a moderni..."
"VENDOR HAS FOUND ***** A well presented THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE in the popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, LOUNGE & DINING ROOM, fitted kitchen, cloakroom, FIRST FLOOR OFFICE, bathroom, low maintenance rear garden, DRIVEWAY & GARAGE ***** "
"*An impressive three bedroom detached chalet-style house located on a sought-after residential road which lies just off of Norwich Road, in the equally sought-after west-City suburb of Costessey. *"
"GUIDE PRICE £270,000 - £280,000. Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this much extended 3/4 bedroom semi detached chalet conveniently located in the highly sought after suburb of Hellesdon."
"GUIDE PRICE OF £300,000 - £325,000. Immaculate family home benefiting from local amenities all nearby and easy access to Norwich City centre. Boasting accommodation spread over three storeys offering, four bright bedrooms, master ensuite, versatile snug, welcoming living room with featu..."
"Guide Price £300,000 - £325,000. A bespoke two bedroom detached bungalow holding an enviable 0.25-acre plot (STMS) plot with planning consent for an extension. Situated in a unique non-estate location on a conservation area with a range of amenities in close reach such as Norwich Train ..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £310,000** THREE STOREY TERRACE IN THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE WITH EXTENDED KITCHEN AND NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, THREE STOREY TERRACE HOUSE located on a sought after road in the PRESTIGIOUS GOLDEN TRIANG..."
"Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this superb investment opportunity located in the sought after area of Thorpe Hamlet which is within comfortable walking distance of the railway station, Mousehold Heath and local amenities."
"Situated in the suburb of Sprowston is this recently renovated semi-detached three-bedroom family home. Boasting three great-sized bedrooms two of which are doubles, a beautifully presented kitchen with a breakfast bar, family sized living room, a flooded with natural light conservatory, a modern..."
"abbotFox presents this exceptional three bedroom detached bungalow in the popular suburb of Hellesdon. Newly renovated with a stunning kitchen complete with integrated appliances, a newly fitted bathroom suite, it's been re wired, re decorated and fitted with new flooring throughout. "
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** William's Way Estate Agents are proud to present this TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM detached bungalow in the highly sought-after location of DRAYTON. The front of property benefits from a lawn area, while the home itself includes entrance hall, living/dining area, kitchen, bathroom..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** This three bedroom hall entrance, all beds and bathroom off landing terrace house is a rarity to find on the market. With two great sized reception rooms, larger than average kitchen and non-bisected garden this makes for a perfect family home. Lo..."
"Will this home be your valentine this year? Fantastic Incentives if reserved by 28th February - Enquire Now! Narrows Place has been designed to appeal to all looking to enjoy the city lifestyle, with a taste of the Norfolk Broads! It comprises of 27 high specification apartment, all with balcon..."
"NO CHAIN. Located in the SOUGHT AFTER NR2 location of the city, this END TERRACE BAY FRONTED VICTORIAN home has plenty to offer! With a front garden leading to TWO CHARACTERFUL RECEPTION ROOMS, with the front one benefiting from a BAY WINDOW and FEATURE FIREPLACE, there is then a galley style kit..."
"**CASH PURCHASERS ONLY** Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this two-bedroom, third floor City centre apartment with No Onward Chain. The property is located in the Chapelfield Gardens Development overlooking the old City wall in the very heart of Norwich City centre."
"Guide Price £300,000-£325,000- Would you like to live in the Golden Triangle in a fully renovated two bedroom terrace?"
"If you have been in search of a period property and are looking for a project, then look no further than this amazing 4-bedroom mid terrace home located in the sought-after north Norwich suburb of Old Catton. With over 1500 square feet of accommodation, this impressive chain free property has so ..."
"***** Be quick to view this THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW in NEED OF UPDATING set on a VERY LARGE MATURE PLOT in the very popular suburb of New Costessey. The property offers SO MUCH POTENTIAL and has entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/breakfast room, shower room, bathroom, driveway, garage and NO..."
"For Sale by Modern Method of Auction (T&Cs apply). View, Bid and Buy this two bedroom semi-detached house with 18'4"" lounge, carport and driveway, outbuildings fully equipt with power and light. The property is being sold with no onward chain. Early viewings essential!"
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY... This over the passage city terrace has been renovated and modernised to a high standard and is currently let on a room by room basis, with each room commanding £500 per calendar month, plus a split of the utility bills. The works undertaken include, a new gas fired cent..."
"Bright and modern family home with its own separate office in the garden. Located in the popular suburb of Eaton, this three bedroom family home boasts a wealth of space throughout. Enjoy a large open plan lounge/diner, three double bedrooms, shower room and a generous garden with a separate offi..."
"abbotFox presents this modern four bedroomed (master en-suite) semi-detached house. Offering a spacious lounge, kitchen and dining room, first floor bathroom, top floor shower room and a ground floor WC. To the outside the property offers an enclosed rear garden and an allocated parking space. An..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £300,000-£325,000 - LAUNCH DAY FRIDAY 7TH APRIL BY APPOINTMENT ONLY*** In need of modernisation this HALL ENTRANCE OVER THE PASSAGE terraced home is offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
One of Hellesdon's best kept secrets is the desirable 2003 Hellesdon Mill conversion. This property is the only townhouse in the development and is perfect for flexible living to suit its owners needs. Viewing is essential to fully appreciate the accommodation and location.
"Guide Price £300,000-£325,000. This four bedroom semi detached family home is available with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this beautifully renovated and well appointed Victorian terrace that has been modernised to a high standard throughout and is set in the highly sought after Golden Triangle to the south-west of Norwich. The property comes with no onward chain, generou..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** A modern detached a 3-bedroom home set in a pleasant cul de sac position on this ever-popular development of Dussindale set in the sought after Thorpe Saint Andrew with its excellent amenities including shops, schooling and excellent road access to both the city c..."
Act fast!! We are delighted to offer for sale this 2 double bedroom semi-detached bungalow which offers potential for modernisation and improvement and scope for extension subject to relevant planning consents. Early viewings are essential to avoid disappointment.
"NEW PRICE - Lovely terraced house with three bedrooms situated in the up and coming popular Silver Triangle with non bisected garden. Walking distance to the City centre. Well presented and well maintained throughout. Light, bright and airy with spacious rooms. Comprising Lounge, Dining Room,..."
Situated in a tucked away cul de sac position with convenient access to local schools and handy amenities is this superb three bedroom detached family home. The property is accessed by a substantial driveway with ample parking leading to a single garage with power and light. Gates to ...
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** ***GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000*** This beautifully maintained Penthouse apartment is ideal for City living or London commuters. With open large rooms, floor to ceiling bifolding doors and sliding/tilt floor to ceiling windows this p..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £300,000 - £315,000 **HIGH SPEC AND HIGH QUALITY SEMI DETACHED HOUSE ON A MODERN ESTATE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer with NO ONWARD CHAIN this BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WHICH HAS BEEN GREATLY IMPROVED BY THE CURRENT OWNER located in a CUL-DE-..."
" *UNIQUE, CHARMING, AND AWE INSPIRING* One of a kind, Set in idyllic river and meadow surroundings, offering flexible accommodation across Three floors, this wonderful home is one to be cherished and viewing is highly recommended to appreciate the charm of this property. "
"***GUIDE PRICE £300,000-£325,0000 - LAUNCH DAY SAT 1ST APRIL*** William H Brown are proud to present this beautiful example of a terraced home with side return extension and THREE BEDROOMS OFF LANDING"
"ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this newly renovated three bedroom semi detached house situated in the popular Golden Triangle area of Norwich, within a stones throw of the City Centre. The property benefits from a newly fitted kitchen with built in appliances, being re-decorated and re-floore..."
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this end-terraced property enjoys a cul de sac location close to Waitrose supermarket and Eaton village amenities. The well-presented accommodation includes a modern kitchen, lounge/diner, plus conservatory leading to the south-west facing rear garden. Also benefitti..."
**NO ONWARD CHAIN** This modern three bedroom detached house has been renovated throughout with newly fitted electrics and Nest heating system. The property is being sold with no onward chain. Early viewings essential!
"Optional extras worth over £6,000 are included on this 3 bedroom Gosford, featuring a sociable kitchen diner featuring French doors to the garden."
"Enjoy your outdoor space in this 3 bedroom Gosford, with a sociable kitchen diner featuring French doors to the garden."
"Prime central Norwich location, with riverside shopping and restaurants on your door stop and only a quick stroll into the city centre and Carrow Road, you would be pushed to find a better located home."
"A three bedroom semi detached in the heart of Thorpe St Andrew. The property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating, off street parking for 2 vehicles and a good size private garden."
"***CALLING ALL FIRST TIME BUYERS*** Stylish two bedroom terrace home in the sought after location of Sprowston. Boasting a contemporary and airy lounge/diner fantastic for entertaining, a modern kitchen with ample space for dining room furniture,a charming ensuite to the ma..."
"**POPULAR LOCATION** This two bedroom semi-detached bungalow boasts a large front garden with a large driveway, conservatory, garage has been partly converted into a study and an outbuilding to the rear. Early viewings essential!"
"Located on a generous corner plot in a sought after cul de sac where properties seldom come up for sale is this 3-bedroom detached bungalow with no onward chain. This superb property requires some modernisation, but with a realistic asking price and lots to offer, we expect a high level of immedi..."
"Located in a cul de sac position popular modern development is this three-bedroom detached family home. Situated to the west of Norwich, the property lends itself to being a superb family home, or a lucrative investment opportunity with convenient access to University of East Anglia and Norwich U..."
A superb THREE BEDROOM EXTENDED SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE nestled in a quiet cul-de-sac just south of Norwich city centre and benefits from being in excellent decorative order and a private 40ft (STMS) rear garden. ***VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC PROPERTY!***
"We are delighted to present this stylish 3 bedroom property situated in a the popular area of Sprowston. The property has 3 generous sized bedrooms, w..."
"Be quick to view this impressive three-bedroom semi-detached house. Located close to a host of handy nearby amenities, schools for all ages and offering excellent transport links, this superb property is guaranteed to extremely popular. The accommodation on offer comprises entrance ha..."
William H Brown are pleased to present this ONE BEDROOM EXECUTIVE APARTMENT situated in the popular NR2 postcode with a UNIQUELY SPACIOUS BALCONY with EXCEPTIONALLY UNDISTURBED VIEWS OF CHAPELFIELD GARDENS. ***VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC APARTMENT!***
"An extended 1930's built semi-detached house in a cul-de-sac position within easy reach of the city, county hall and the southern bypass."
"A stunning two bedroom Riverside apartment located in this marquee development which overlooks the River Wensum, in the heart of Norwich's Riverside district, on the eastern fringe of Norwich City Centre."
***A superb three bedroom exceptionally spacious Victorian hall entrance three storey property located on a sought-after road which lies in the heart of Norwich's ever-favoured NR3 postcode. ***
abbotFox are pleased to present this deceptively spacious five/six bedroom end terrace with accommodation arranged over three floors. The property has been let and currently achieves £2300pcm with just three of the possible six bedrooms let. Accommodation comprises; entrance ha...
"Guide Price £290,000-£310,000. DETACHED FAMILY HOME in a popular residential location only a short distance from the UEA, Sportspark and UNIVERSITY HOSPITAL. With a CRISP and CLEAN FACADE, the accommodation has been WELL MAINTAINED and comprises a HALL ENTRANCE housing the stairs to t..."
"Goodmove present this 3 bed bungalow for QUICK SALE on Sparhawk Avenue, Norwich, NR7. The property is situated in the popular and much requested location of Sprowston which is only 2 miles north/east of Norwich City Centre where a wide range of amenities can be found including shopping facilities..."
"Homeworks are pleased to bring to the market this WELL-PRESENTED FOUR BEDROOM HOUSE with 15'6 LOUNGE/DINER, 12'4 KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM, WC, 20'6 MASTER BEDROOM WITH EN-SUITE & DRESSING AREA. Outside offers ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN, GARAGE & OFF-ROAD PARKING. ** GUIDE PRICE £290,000 - £310,000 **"
"Guide Price £290,000 - £300,000. Offered with NO CHAIN, this EXTENDED DETACHED BUNGALOW offers an INTRIGUING LAYOUT with lots of potential to make the home perfect to your own needs! Whether you want to enjoy THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, or create THREE BEDROOMS, this home offers you the per..."
"Offers Over £290,000- This three bedroom semi detached house is waiting for its next owners to walk through its doors, could it be the one for you? Call the office today on to secure your viewing!"
"***A very impressive 1950's built three bedroom semi-detached house nestled in a quiet tucked away cul-de-sac which lies just off Wilberforce Road, an area extremely popular with students due to the excellent proximity to UEA and hospital. ***"
"Situated in the sought-after Norwich suburb of Sprowston, close to a range of local shops and schools for all ages is this well-presented two-bedroom semi-detached bungalow. This superb property is offered with no onward chain and is well-presented throughout. During their much-loved t..."
"*William H Brown are delighted to offer this well-presented TWO BEDROOM HALL ENTRANCE TERRACE in Norwich, offering a downstairs bathroom, ENSUITE to master, bisected rear garden and on-road permit parking. Viewings are highly advised - call us today for more information.*"
"***GUIDE PRICE £290,000-£300,000 - A SUPERB TERRACED HOME LOCATED IN THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE ON SOUGHT AFTER STREET*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this beautiful renovated home with open plan kitchen / dining room and southerly aspect garden."
"This two bedroom bungalow with both a front and a 90ft back garden is a must see. The property is located in a peaceful cul de sac and benefits from a spacious open lounge, central heating and double glazing throughout.Recent fascia and guttering.Local shops and schools within walking distance.La..."
"Guide Price £290,000-£310,000 - Minors and Brady are proud to present this modern one bedroom apartment located in the heart of Norwich City centre. The apartment boasts a neutral and modern feel throughout, bright open plan living area, sizeable balcony and underground parking. This is..."
" ***GUIDE PRICE RANGE £290,000 to £310,000***A period linked detached Cottage enjoying a lovely unique location on Chapel Lane which offers a glimpse of a view to River Green, set in the ever popular suburb of Thorpe St. Andrew with its excellent shopping, schooling, amenities & easy..."
"Designed with open plan living in mind stands this conveniently positioned three-bedroom semi-detached home. Perfect for entertaining, the kitchen, the lounge and dining area seamlessly flow as one, creating an unrivalled amount of living space. The striking modern kitchen offers a contemporary f..."
"Guide Price £290,000 - £300,000. NO CHAIN. This DETACHED BUNGALOW is situated on a LARGER THAN AVERAGE PLOT with fantastic gardens to FRONT and a smaller REAR GARDEN. With some scope to RE-MODEL, update, EXTEND or even CONVERT THE LOFT SPACE (stp) - this is a RARE FIND. Upon entering yo..."
"An extended 3 bedroom semi-detached house, close to shops and amenities and offered for sale with no onward chain. The property has gas central heating and double glazed windows, but would benefit from a program of updating and improvement."
"Guide Price £290,000-£315,000 - Extensive family four bedroom semi detached home located within the popular town of Sprowston, boasting many amenities and great transport routes. The home offers four bright bedrooms, a welcoming open-plan living room, dining room and kitchen perfect for..."
"This detached bungalow which has been extended and re-configured to include a large reception room, two bedrooms and an extension with French doors overlooking the lovely garden"
"**** OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN **** GUIDE PRICE £290,000 - £300,000. A three bedroom semi detached house on an impressive plot with possibility to extend (stpp). The property is in need of renovation throughout. Viewing is strictly by appointment."
"***** Be quick to view this IMMACULATE THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE which is only 3 YEARS OLD located on the Hampden View estate in New Costessey. The property has lounge, FULLY FITTED KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM, cloakroom, bathroom, en-suite, lovely enclosed gardens, driveway, garage and VIEWS..."
"GUIDE PRICE £290,000 - £300,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this light and spacious over the passage Victorian terrace set in a highly sought after cul-de-sac in Norwich's popular Golden Triangle. The proeprty comes with no onward chain and a private rear garden. In b..."
"***** Be quick to view this SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM CHALET BUNGALOW located in the heart of New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, lounge/dining room, kitchen, utility room, GROUND FLOOR SHOWER ROOM, FIRST FLOOR EN-SUITE DRESSING ROOM AND EN-SUITE BATHROOM, enclosed gardens, TANDEM GARAGE, ..."
"An attractive three-storey, three-bedroom home, the Souter has an open-plan kitchen/diner, living room and three bedrooms. Bedroom one on the top floor benefits from an en suite. The enclosed porch, downstairs WC, two storage cupboards and off-road parking mean it's practical as well as stylish."
"This bay fronted city terrace, located with the 'Golden Triangle', has been used as a student let for the past years, however the current tenants are due to vacate at the end of June 2023, so the property will be sold with vacant possession. The property comes with UPVC double glazed windows, gas..."
"VENDORS FOUND. In the popular suburb of SPROWSTON, this property is situated to the FRONT OF THE DEVELOPMENT. Enjoying easy access to all areas of NORWICH, and is only a mile from the BROADLAND NORTHWAY which provides access to the NORFOLK BROADS and COASTLINE. The accommodation comprises an ent..."
"**EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH A LARGE REAR GARDEN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW located in a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC in the poplar suburb of Hellesdon. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, three bedrooms and a bat..."
"abbotFox presents this generous, three bedroom end terraced home. Situated within a short walk of Norwich City Centre, this is an ideal opportunity for any young family or professional couple. Occupying a spacious plot with ample off road parking to the front, with integral garage, the rear garde..."
"***** IS THIS THE BEST TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW AVAILABLE IN NEW COSTESSEY!? Well we will let you decide, so you best BE QUICK TO ARRANGE YOUR VIEIWNG with the Russen & Hill team! The bungalow has entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/dining room, utility room, bathroom, mature enclosed gard..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! This well-proportioned family home, conveniently located between the UEA & Hospital and City Centre, is in need of some TLC but offers a great range of accommodation on a generous plot with off street parking. "
"**BAY FRONTED HALL ENTRANCE TERRACE ON A SOUGHT AFTER ROAD** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, OVER PASSAGE, BAY FRONTED, THREE BEDROOM, HALL ENTRANCE, MID TERRACE located in a highly requested location to the south of Norwich. Accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HALL, LOUNG..."
"***STUNNING FAMILY HOME*** This ideal family home has much to offer any growing family. With three bedrooms, spacious living accommodation to the ground floor including lounge/diner and downstairs WC. Externally the property also comes with driveway to front, integral garag..."
Fine Victorian hall entrance terraced house requiring updating and improvement in a highly sought after location just one mile north of Norwich city centre.
"*NO CHAIN* *EXCELLENT POTENTIAL* *GENEROUS PLOT* *SOUGHT AFTER SUBURB OF HELLESDON* *FLEXIBLE LAYOUT* This three bedroom detached property enjoys spacious and flexible accommodation set across two levels, with a generous plot offering room to extend up and out. The ground floor accommodation inc..."
"Guide Price £280,000 - £290,000. VENDOR HAS FOUND! Occupying a CORNER PLOT with sweeping lawned gardens, ample parking can be found to the side with a GARAGE at the end of the drive. The accommodation offers FLEXIBILITY and can include a GROUND FLOOR BEDROOM. With uPVC double glazing an..."
"***GROUND FLOOR GARDEN APARTMENT LOCATED IN PRESTIGE LOCATION*** William H Brown are please to present to the market this well-present home benefiting from two double bedrooms, modern bathroom and shower room, as well as a functional kitchen. Internal viewings are highly recommended."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** Two bedroom semi-detached chalet with a 23'10"" open plan lounge/diner, en-suite and dressing room to the master bedroom and sun lounge. Early viewings essential!"
"**GUIDE PRICE £280,000 - £290,0000**EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, FOUR BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED HOUSE located in the sought after suburb of Costessey. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, uti..."
"***** NO CHAIN on this EXTENDED 3/4 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE in the popular suburb of Old Catton. The property has entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, dining room, GARDEN ROOM/BEDROOM FOUR, first floor bathroom and WC, enclosed gardens, DRIVEWAY & GARAGE ***** "
"***ATTRACTIVE FAMILY HOME*** GUIDE PRICE £280,000 - £290,000. We are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom semi-detached house located in NR6. Well kept by the current owners, this lovely family home is ready to move into and early viewing is advised. The accommodation com..."
***LAUNCH DAY SAT 11TH MARCH - ESTABLISHED FAMILY HOME CLOSE TO THE UNIVERSITY OF EAST ANGLIA*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this loving family home offered to the market with no onward chain.
This immaculately presented THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the popular NR1 postcode just to the east of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC PROPERTY!*
"**GUIDE PRICE £280,000 TO £290,000**DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH LARGE FRONT AND REAR GARDENS** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, detached bungalow located in the sought after suburb of Costessey. Accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HALL, LOUNGE, THREE BEDROOMS, BAT..."
"**MODERN THROUGHOUT** This three bedroom semi-detached three storey house built by Persimmon Homes in 2019 boast a large enclosed rear garden and has a cloakroom, en-suite and family bathroom. Early viewings essential!"
"Guide Price Of £280,000-£290,000. Sitting within a large, private plot is this spacious two bedroom bungalow with the easy potential for a third bedroom too. Inside is a wealth of space inclusing a four piece bathroom suite, spacious lounge and fully fitted kitchen. Easy access to the A..."
"Websters Estate Agents ar delighted to offer this extended hall entrance Victorian terrace set in the heart of Norwich's Golden Triangle. The property comes with no onward chain and a private rear garden. In brief, the property comprises; sitting room, kitchen / dining room, family bathroom, thr..."
Chain Free - Spacious luxury city centre apartment with views of Norwich Cathedral. Minors and Brady are pleased to present this three bedroom apartment located in the city centre with a range of amenities on your doorstep. Boasting a bright and stylish interior with a spacious open plan living a...
"An ideal step up on the property ladder to this three bedroom semi detached house with garage and private garden. The property benefits from ground floor cloakroom, family bathroom and en suite to main bedroom."
"STYLISH MODERN HOME! This modern Semi Detached House offers family sized accommodation, that includes three bedrooms, a large living room, open plan kitchen - dining room, a stylish shower room and a ground floor WC. With off street parking and a generous garden too, this is a must see property!"
"*BOOK NOW TO REGISTER YOUR INTEREST* *EXTENDED TO REAR* *FLEXIBLE LAYOUT* *CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION* Situated in the sought after suburb of Old Catton, this extended three bedroom semi is presented in good order throughout, boasting flexible accommodation that's been extended by the owner, as well as ..."
"**DETACHED BUNGALOW IN A QUIET REQUESTED CUL-DE-SAC** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this MODERN, TWO BEDROOM, DETACHED BUNGALOW situated in a cul-de-sac in the highly sought after suburb of Sprowston. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, open plan lounge/kitchen/diner, two bedrooms and ..."
"Guide Price £280,000 - £290,000. REFURBISHED, REMODELLED and REFRESHED perfectly describe this WONDERFUL HOME which enjoys a NON-OVERLOOKED REAR ASPECT, and a plot spanning 0.12 ACRES (stms). Stepping inside you are greeted in the ENTRANCE AREA with space for CLOAK and BOOT STORAGE whic..."
"*** Guide Price £280,000 - £290,000 *** BEAUTIFUL BAY FRONTED TERRACE ON POPULAR GOLDEN TRIANGLE TREE LINED STREET *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this beautifully presented terrace situated on a tree lined street within the popular Golden Triangle area of Norwich. The property retains per..."
"*NO ONWARD CHAIN* An amazing three bedroom, Victorian mid-terraced property, set in a very popular location of NR1 this makes a great buy for anyone looking for a buy to let investment or first time purchase."
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this purpose-built, modern leasehold retirement apartment is situated within the popular McCarthy and Stone complex in Eaton. This attractive and well-designed 2 bedroom top floor apartment features a 17'2 dual aspect lounge/diner with balcony, stylish kitchen and we..."
"Guide Price £280,000-£290,000. NO CHAIN. This MODERN end-terrace home is presented in IMMACULATE ORDER on a LARGER THAN AVERAGE PLOT, and has been well looked after since built 15 YEARS AGO. It can be sold VACANT POSSESION or with TENANTS IN SITU! Once inside, you find the ground floor..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £280,000 - £300,000 **EXTENDED FAMILY HOME CLOSE BY TO THE CITY CENTRE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this VERY WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOMS, semi detached house located in a cul-de-sac to the east of Norwich. Accommodation comprising ENTRANCE HALL, LOUNGE, DINING..."
"This MODERN THREE STOREY TOWN HOUSE offers close to 950 Sq. ft (stms) of accommodation with EASY to MAINTAIN GARDENS, parking and a GARAGE. Presented in IMMACULATE CONDITION and with a neutral décor throughout, the property is READY TO MOVE IN. The LIVING SPACE is on the ground floor, with..."
"**DETACHED BUNGALOW SITUATED ON A CORNER PLOT WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this SPACIOUS, 2/3 BEDROOM, DETACHED BUNGALOW situated on a CORNER PLOT to the east of Norwich. Accommodation comprising kitchen/diner, lounge, dining room/bedroom, bathroom, conservatory and..."
"**QUIET CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION** Three bedroom detached chalet bungalow with newly built annexe/garden office which can be used as an office or extra living space, garage and driveway parking. Early viewings essential!"
"ATTIK are delighted to present this spacious detached bungalow which comprises an entrance porch, hall, lounge, dining room (previously bed 3) conservatory, kitchen/breakfast room, master bedroom with en-suite, a further good sized double bedroom, family bathroom, garage & gardens. Call the team now"
"Be quick to view this beautifully presented 2-bedroom detached bungalow. The property which is immaculately presented throughout briefly consists of 2 double bedrooms, a spacious, open living/dining area, a kitchen with matching base and wall units with a side access door to the rear/front garde..."
This fantastic three bedroom semi-detached house is situated in the popular postcode of NR1 and benefits from having a generous enclosed garden and is a short walk from local amenities.
"Offered with no onward chain. An exciting family home which has been extended by the current owners, situated down a quiet cul-de-sac"
">>> NO ONWARD CHAIN - A three bedroom semi-detached bungalow situated in the popular postcode of NR6. The property benefits from two reception rooms, shower room and gas central heating. Outside boasts driveway, garage and a beautiful mature rear gardens. Call us today for your viewing!"
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! This three bedroom semi detached home in the popular Broadland village of SPIXWORTH is extended to offer sitting room, kitchen diner, bathroom, separate shower room, ample driveway and generous garden. Offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN, this property has tons of potential. "
"Sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN! Located in Dussindale is this two bedroom detached bungalow, previously a three bedroom which could easily be transformed back. Outside is a single garage and driveway, plus a large garden with plenty of potential to create a private space to enjoy the summer months.	"
"Guide Price Of £280,000-£300,000 Situated ideally within the popular suburb of Hellesdon is this three storey, modern family home. All three floors have been presented beautifully and accommodation includes three double bedrooms, a master ensuite, contemporary kitchen and bathroom suite..."
" ***GUIDE PRICE RANGE £280,000 TO £300,000***A detached older style two bedroomed bungalow enjoying a non-estate position in this sought-after location within the ever-popular village of Rackheath with its good local amenities including chip shop, pub, schooling, post office & genera..."
"Looking for space to raise a family, this beautifully presented modern home is a MUST SEE!! Take a look at the Video Tour to see just how the accommodation could work for you!! You will be impressed by the fresh internal decor this home offers...being tastefully decorated throughout! The proper..."
This immaculately presented three bedroom semi-detached house is situated in the popular NR1 postcode just to the east of Norwich city centre
"Located close to schools, shops and amenities this semi-detached home offers 3 bedrooms with an en-suite.  There is a conservatory extension to the rear and the property benefits from parking and garage adjacent to the shared drive.   We urge an early viewing to appreciate this id..."
"Located on the popular Dussindale development east of Norwich close to local shops, schools, green space and on a good bus route. This two bedroom detached bungalow would benefit from some updating. With private enclosed garden, off road parking and conservatory. Viewing is highly recommended."
Stunning 2 double bedroom Victorian terrace house in the heart of the ever popular Golden Triangle in Norwich.
"**IMPRESSIVE RECENTLY EXTENDED MID TERRACE IN A POPULAR WEST CITY LOCATION** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE located within walking distance to the City Centre. Accommodation comprising entrance porch, EXTENDED LOUNGE, dining ro..."
"FIRST CLASS FAMILY HOME! located in popular Old Catton, close to a wide range of amenities, this family sized home is a great choice. With three bedrooms, a large reception room, garage, drive, conservatory and enclosed garden, everything you need is right here. Call PROPERTY LADDER now to view! "
"Guide Price £275,000 - £285,000. MOTIVATED VENDORS! This EXTENDED and IMPROVED SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW located within the HEART OF COSTESSEY offers plenty of space for a growing family with further potential to extend (stp) if desired. To the front you will find an impressive GATED DRIVE..."
"**ASKING PRICE £275,000** Fantastic location with only a short drive into the city centre! This three bedroom semi-detached property is located close to a range of local amenities such as shops, schools, parks, supermarkets and much more. Boasting bright and neutral interior, sizeable lounge..."
"Offers Over £275,000- An ideal family home located in a popular residential suburb of Sprowston in Norwich offering access to a variety of local amenities shops, schools the city centre and northern by pass"
"SMART SPIXWORTH HOME! If you're looking for a spacious, three bedroom terraced house within easy reach of amenities, then look no further! Offering brick-weave driveway, garage, low maintenance rear garden, gas fired central heating plus so much more to see, this one can't be missed! "
"Guide Price £275,000-£300,000- Are you looking for the perfect two bedroom bungalow? Well I think we may have the one for you!"
"No onward chain! Situated within a spacious plot in the popular suburb of Hellesdon, ideal for those wanting amenities, schooling and transport to the city centre right on their doorstep, is this three bedroom bungalow. This home is ideal for those looking to renovate a property into their dream ..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £275,000 - £285,000 DETACHED HOUSE OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this SPACIOUS, THREE BEDROOM, detached house located in a quiet cul-de-sac to the west of Norwich close by to the University of East Anglia and Norwich Hospital. Accommodation com..."
Semi detached 1970's built house with three bedrooms set in nice plot with lovely south facing sunny rear garden. The property is set back from the road and is facing the open space and the green. The rooms are big and spacious with big windows making the place light bright and airy. The prop...
"This is fine example of a classic city terrace. The property is beautifully presented and has been a much loved home for the past six years. The non-bisected landscaped garden at the rear is a true delight, and facing south easterly, a real sun trap. The gas boiler was replaced in December 2020 a..."
"***** NO CHAIN on this EXTENDED TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE in the popular suburb of Chapel Break. The property has ground floor shower room, kitchen/dining room, GARDEN ROOM< lounge, first floor bathroom, enclosed gardens, DRIVEWAY & GARAGE ***** "
"**GUIDE PRICE £275,000 - £300,000 SPACIOUS APARTMENT WITH SECURE PARKING AND NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, SECOND FLOOR floor apartment located in the popular Riverside development within walking distance to the City Centre. Accommodati..."
"Three bedroom detached family house with a cloakroom, en-suite and family bathroom, integrated garage and driveway parking, perfect family home. Call now to arrange your viewing!!"
No Onward Chain! Immaculately presented two bedroom semi-detached bungalow situated in the popular suburb of Hellesdon. Call now to register your interest to avoid disappointment!
"Offers Over £270,000- This Thorpe Hamlet city Victorian terrace has plenty to offer with its open plan living space, garden room and garage"
"**POPULAR LOCATION** This three bedroom semi-detached house boasts a large lounge, a dining room alongside a conservatory, an enclosed rear garden with a detached garage and ample off road parking. Early viewings essential!"
"GUIDE PRICE £270,000 - £280,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this light and spacious bay fronted Victorian terrace set in the heart of Norwich's highly coveted Golden Triangle. The property comes with ample storage and a recently landscaped south facing rear garden. In..."
A superb two bedroom purpose built second floor apartment situated in a sought-after location just on the fringe of the City Centre of Norwich.
"With over 1130 sq ft (stms) of accommodation, this EXTENDED and OPEN PLAN family home offers a CORNER PLOT with a LARGE FRONTAGE and PARKING, and a landscaped GARDEN with decking and lawns. Located to the NORTH of NORWICH, close to the CITY and great road links including he inner ring road. The..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £270,000 - £275,000 EXTENDED OVER PASSAGE TERRACE IN THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, EXTENDED, OVER PASSAGE, TWO BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE situated in the highly sought after Golden Triangle area of Norwich. Accommodation comprising E..."
"Guide Price £85,000-£90,000-Super studio located in the Golden Triangle with NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** This two bedroom semi-detached bungalow situated in a popular location with a 17'7"" lounge, front and rear gardens, garage and driveway parking. Early viewings essential!"
"If you have been in search of a property with a generous garden, then this three-bedroom semi-detached bungalow with no onward chain is guaranteed to impress. Requiring modernisation, this is the perfect property to put you own stamp on to make it your perfect next home. The accommodat..."
Calling All Families!! Semi-detached house located in the highly popular area of Old Catton which is in close proximity of infant and junior schools. View now to avoid disappointment.
Conveniently located this spacious three bed terraced home is ideal for those looking to put their own stamp on a property. Within minutes of everything that Norwich city centre has to offer yet quietly tucked away within a quiet cul-de-sac this property’s location will not be beaten! ...
"**SPACIOUS END TERRACE HOUSE WITH A DRIVEWAY AND LARGE REAR GARDEN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, END TERRACE HOUSE situated in the highly popular NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge/diner, and kitchen to the ground floor..."
"""Modern living on this sought after development"" A SPACIOUS family home which is beautifully presented throughout, offering everything for the practical and everyday lifestyle, situated on the edge of a new development in Sprowston. Currently occupied by the owners from 2020 as a Persim..."
"Guide Price £270,000-£280,000 - Extended family home in a great central location. This three bedroom home boasts spacious rooms filled with natural light, charming bay window, well-equipped contemporary kitchen, conservatory overlooking the garden, workshop to the rear and off-road park..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** This two bedroom semi-detached bungalow has been modernised throughout and is ready to be move into! The property boasts a low maintenance rear garden, en-bloc garage and shared drive. Early viewings essential!"
"abbotFox presents this refurbished cottage, set in the heart of the popular NR3 postcode. With off road parking, to the front, with a newly laid brick weave driveway, this home doesn't fail to impress upon entry. The ground floor comprises; an inviting lounge, with wood-burning stove, separate di..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** A three storey, three bedroom 2014 built semi-detached house situated in a sought-after location in the popular NR2 postcode of Norwich. The property benefits from having a top floor master bedroom with en-suite and enclosed private rear garden."
"Situated in the sought-after Golden Triangle, this well-presented end-terrace is an ideal first purchase, conveniently located for amenities and road links. Accommodation includes a modern kitchen, lounge with decorative fireplace, separate dining room and 2 bedrooms. Outside benefits from non-pe..."
"ATTIK are delighted to present this spacious & extremely well presented semi-detached home, with 3 double bedrooms, a dual-aspect lounge/diner & fitted kitchen/breakfast room, along with a separate shower room & wc inside, and a lovely rear garden backing onto protected woodland. Call the team now."
"**A three bedroom linked-detached family home situated on an impressive corner plot, in a sought-after location which has great access to UEA and hospital, making the home perfect for professionals or buy to let investors. **"
"LAST REMAINING HOME OF THIS STYLE - SPACIOUS 2 BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT WITH LARGE SOUTH FACING WALK-OUT BALCONY! RESERVE BY 28TH FEBRUARY AND RECIEVE AMAZING INCENTIVES! Located on the ground floor, this 2 bedroom apartment boasts space with modern open plan kitchen/lounge leading onto a ..."
"William H Brown are extremely pleased to present this 3 bedroom semi-detached house. Extremely spacious through-out with the bonus of a utility room and ground floor cloakroom, along with outbuildings in the enclosed rear garden. Offered for sale with no upward chain and located close to amenities!"
A 3 bedroom semi-detached house on a corner plot with space to extend (subject to planning) on a no through road. No onward chain.
"Semi-detached chalet bungalow with an en-suite cloakroom, 19'5"" conservatory, two reception rooms, enclosed rear garden. Must be viewed!!"
***SEMI DETACHED HOME IN CLOSE PROXIMITY OF THE UEA AND CITY CENTRE OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this spacious family home with garage and off road parking.
"Motivated Seller - No Onward Chain - Semi Detached House with Three Bedrooms. Situated at the end of the Cul-de-sac in Sprowston near to all essential amenities. Spacious rooms. Nice Garden, Ample off Street Parking. Great property.  Comprising Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen, Bathroom, F..."
"**OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN**CHARMING GRADE II LISTED TOWNHOUSE IN THE HEART OF THE CITY CENTRE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this UNIQUE TWO/THREE BEDROOM, GRADE II LISTED, FOUR STOREY TOWHOUSE located along the popular King Street location in Norwich City Centre. Accommodation compr..."
"GUIDE PRICE £270,000-£290,000- Well loved two bedroom semi detached family home located just a stones throw away from Norwich City centre with easy travel links, hosting the perfect spaces for entertaining family and friends all year round. Benefiting from three welcoming reception room..."
"*NO ONWARD CHAIN!* A smart THREE BEDROOM END TERRACE located in one of Norwich's most desireable residential locations, Dussindale is situated in the east of the city centre. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS STUNNING PROPERTY!*"
"**LARGE CORNER PLOT OFFERING PLENTY OF POTENTIAL TO EXTEND SUBJECT TO PLANNING** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this THREE BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED HOUSE situated on a LARGER THAN NORMAL CORNER PLOT to the south of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner and wet..."
"Guide Price Of £270,000-£280,000. Located in the popular suburb of Sprowston, lying just a short drive from Norwich City Centre or Norfolk's fine country side is this three bedroom, semi-detached bungalow which benefits from ample driveway space and a detached garage, landscaped garden ..."
"***** Be quick to view THREE BEDROOM LINK DETACHED HOUSE located in the very popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has entrance hall, lounge, conservatory, FITTED KITCHEN WITH RANGE OF APPLIANCES, bathroom, enclosed gardens, driveway, garage and NO ONWARD CHAIN ***** "
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN with this deceptive semi-detached family home situated within touching distance of the A47 in the popular area of New Costessey west of Norwich. The property boasts 3 bedrooms with EN-SUITE to master, KITCHEN/DINER, lounge, WC, bathroom, lounge, CONSERVATORY, off road parking a..."
"ENVIABLE END OF TERRACE! Tucked away off of Chestnut Avenue, Spixworth you'll discover this spacious and enticing FOUR BEDROOMED end terraced house. Providing a downstairs W/C, upstairs family bathroom, redecorated kitchen and vast 24' lounge/diner, this house CAN'T BE MISSED! "
"Guide Price £265,000-£275,000. NO CHAIN. Ready to MOVE-IN, this spacious SEMI-DETACHED HOME is located just off the INNER RING ROAD for easy access to the CITY and surrounding suburbs, whilst the REAR GARDEN is PRIVATE. There is ample ON ROAD PARKING surrounding the property. Intern..."
"A beautiful home. High quality build, superb finish, exceptional specification and an energy efficient home. Luxurious underfloor heating to ground floor. 2 double bedrooms with fitted wardrobes. Modern kitchen dining area. Family bathroom plus an en-suite to primary bedroom. Norwich 5 miles."
"***GUIDE PRICE £265,000 - £275,000*** ***CITY LIVING*** Located close to Riverside is this stunning two bedroom apartment that offers easy access to Riverside Leisure Park and Norwich Train station. With two double bedrooms, open plan living with double doo..."
"DETACHED VILLAGE BUNGALOW! Live life on one level with this modern two bedroom detached Bungalow. Set in a cul de sac location, the property offers two bedrooms, a lounge dining room, conservatory, landscaped garden and ample parking. This is the perfect place to enjoy village life!"
"*QUALITY WITHOUT COMPROMISE* Conisford Court sets new standards for contemporary design, using traditional materials and the highest quality specification to create twenty-six unique luxury homes, tailor-made for modern City living. Superior materials, convenience features and an unc..."
"Located in the popular in Sprowston in close proximity to schools and shops this three bedroom semi-detached home offers a private position at the end of a cul-de-sac. There is garage and parking, UPVC double glazing and gas fired central heating. The property does require some updating but wil..."
"**RARELY AVAILABLE COTTAGE CLOSE BY TO THE RIVER** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this STUNNING, TWO BEDROOM, MID TERRACE COTTAGE situated in a HIDDEN AWAY location to the south of Norwich. Accommodation comprising LOUNGE and KITCHEN to the ground floor. On the first floor there are TW..."
"Guide Price £260,000 - £270,000: With no onward chain, this bright property offers the ideal opportunity for many. Benefiting from easy access into the city centre of Norwich. Boasting three sizeable bedrooms, welcoming living room for relaxing and fitted kitchen with appliances. The dr..."
"***** NO CHAIN on this SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE located south of Norwich on the popular Tuckswood estate. The property is in need of updating but offers GREAT POTENTIAL and accommodation to include lounge, dining room, kitchen, CLOAKROOM & BATHROOM, mature gardens and PRIVATE D..."
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £270,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this light and spacious Victorian terrace set on the fringes of Norwich's highly coveted Golden Triangle. The property comes with no onward chain and a generous rear garden. In brief, the property comprises; ..."
"*Incredibly sought-after location with immaculately kept grounds. Minors and Brady are pleased to present this two bedroom maisonette in the popular postcode of NR1. The property boasts generous sized rooms with a spacious lounge opening up to a dining room, well-equipped kitchen with space for w..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** This two bedroom end terraced home was built by Norfolk Homes in a prime location within Sprowston. The property boasts from under floor heating to ground floor, spacious throughout and off road parking for three cars. Early viewings essential!"
***Family Home Overlooking The Green*** Iconic are pleased to offer this great three bedroom semi-detached home situated in the popular Broadland village of Rackheath. Occupying an enviable position overlooking an open green area this fantastic family home is also offered with no onward chain and...
"Open plan living on the ground floor, a hideaway bedroom with the second floor all to itself, the Moseley is a new home with great options. Young families, first-time buyers and professionals who have their eye on a potential home office, will enjoy making this flexible home their own."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** Located in a quiet cul de sac in the popular suburb of Sprowston north of Norwich and close to ammenities. This bungalow is offered with no chain and ready to move straight into. The accommodation offered comprises entrance hall, large bright lounge with access t..."
"HANDSOME TERRACE HOME! Tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac in the ever popular Round House Park development in Cringleford, this immaculate mid terrace home offers two double bedrooms, single garage, two allocated parking spaces, downstairs WC & enclosed rear garden. "
This immaculately presented THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the popular NR5 postcode just to the west of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic first time buy or investment purchase. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS IMMACULATELY PRESENTED PROPERTY!*
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £280,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this well presented and spacious detached bungalow set in a secluded cul-de-sac only a short distance to Norwich city centre. The property comes with no onward chain, ample off street parking and a single gar..."
This immaculately presented THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the popular NR3 postcode just to the north of Norwich city centre and would make a fantastic first time buy or family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS GREAT PROPERTY!*
"This spacious three bedroom terraced home stands out from the crowd for all the right reasons. Recently renovated to a high standard throughout the current owners have spared no expense, making this home a must see. As you approach this home you are greeted by a spacious driveway which..."
"**GUIDE £260,000 - £280,000**Ideal for families with four spacious bedrooms and two popular local parks a stone's throw away. This mid-terrace property benefits from four sizeable bedrooms, family bathroom, bright lounge, well-equipped kitchen, low maintenance garden and off-road parkin..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! Positioned on a spacious corner plot, be quick to view this semi detached house offering three bedrooms, two reception rooms, garage and an opportunity to add your own personal touch to a home! "
**OPEN HOUSE SATURDAY 25TH MARCH 10AM - 5PM** Come and view our new riverside show apartment. All visitors entered into a draw to win a luxury hamper.
"YOUR PERFECT MATCH THIS VALENTINES -RESERVE BY 28TH FEBRUARY TO RECIEVE FANTASTIC INCENTIVES! Located on the second floor, this 1 bedroom penthouse features a modern stylish open plan kitchen/lounge with access to a large private south facing balcony. Narrows Place has been designed to appeal ..."
"Located in the enviable Bracondale area of Norwich. This two bedroom apartment benefits from a bright and spacious feel with plenty of storage to take advantage of. You can find a large reception room, well-equipped contemporary kitchen, shower room and a garden attracting a range of birds, perfe..."
"ATTIK are delighted to present this spacious, 2 double bed bungalow, with a fitted kitchen/diner, a large lounge, conservatory, a modern bathroom, along with ample parking and generous low maintenance front and rear gardens, & in a great location close to all amenities. Call the team now to view."
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £280,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this light and spacious terraced home set in a secluded cul-de-sac to the north of Norwich city centre. The property comes with a private rear garden, single garage and off street parking. In brief, the prope..."
"**BAY FRONTED TERRACE IN THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this BAY FRONTED, TWO BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE situated in the highly requested GOLDEN TRIANGLE area of Norwich. Accommodation comprising lounge, dining room and kitchen to the groun..."
"A wonderfully presented family home in a sought-after location, just minutes away from the city centre! Stunning finish throughout this bay fronted end terraced house with accommodation comprising an impressive open plan 23'5 max kitchen/diner, living room, 3 bedrooms and a ground floor bathr..."
"*** Launch Event Saturday 1st April - Strictly By Appointment Only *** Guide Price £260,000 - £270,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer for sale this newly renovated terrace house situated in a popular North City location, within walking distance to a range of local amenities and the City C..."
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £270,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this light and Victorian end of terrace home set in the heart of Norwich's highly coveted Golden Triangle. The property comes with no onward chain and off street parking. In brief, the property comprises; sit..."
"Prime Golden Triangle location, ideal for those looking to acquire an investment property or a first home. The property is situated in a highly desirable area with the city centre only a short walk away. You can enjoy closer amenities such as local shops, cafes, pubs, parks and great transportati..."
"NO CHAIN! - A bright and spacious modern three bedroom home superbly located in a quiet and safe area near central Norwich. The property comes with a kitchen, W/C and lounge downstairs. The upstairs has two large double bedrooms and one single bedroom, with a bathroom off the landing. Private bri..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - Three bedroom semi-detached house, located in the popular postcode of NR6, Norwich. Boasting gas central heating and accommodation including two reception rooms, conservatory and a family bathroom. Outside benefits from a driveway, garage and generous mature rear gardens."
"Sitting on a sizeable corner plot with a tree-line border, this well-presented semi detached house has recently undergone some refurbishment"
"This semi-detached property located on Catton Grove Road offers any buyer the opportunity to modernise and alter to create wonderful family home. With three bedrooms, a large garden and parking for multiple vehicles. Offered to market with No-Onward-Chain. "
"Presenting the chance to acquire this Charming 2 Bedroom Cottage, situated in a Highly Sought after location on the DOOR STEP of NORWICH CITY CENTRE A Lovely feeling comes with this Unique property filled with Character offering an ideal opportunity to make a Lovely Home. BLUEBELL C..."
"No Chain!! Fantastic city centre investment for any buyer. Conveniently located for the football ground, Train Station and main road links out of Norwich this attractive double bay fronted Victorian home with two double bedrooms and driveway for off road parking."
"***GUIDE PRICE £250,000-£275,000*** ** CONTEMPORARY 2 BEDROOM APARTMENT *NO CHAIN * BALCONY WITH RIVER VIEWS * SECURE ALLOCATED PARKING ** Perfectly situated to offer modern city living with river views, this beautifully presented apartment is not one to be miss..."
"***A fully refurbished and immaculate three bedroom 1930's end-terrace house situated in this quiet residential location which lies just east of Norwich City Centre, just off Aylsham Road. ***"
"If you have been in search of a property in which to make your own impression, then look no further than this two-bedroom semi-detached bungalow with no onward chain. The accommodation on offer consists of a 16ft dual aspect lounge, a bathroom, two double, a kitchen, dining room and l..."
"GUIDE PRICE £250,000 - £275,000 SITUATED IN POPULAR MCCARTHY AND STONE DEVELOPMENT IN EATON A VERY WELL PRESENTED ONE BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT WITH THE BENEFIT OF A BALCONY"
A spacious and well-presented three bedroom end-terrace property situated in the popular NR1 postcode in Norwich City Centre. The property is a short walk away from Norwich train station and would make a perfect investment or first time buy.
"**EXTENDED BUNGALOW ON A GOOD SIZED CORNER PLOT WITH POTENTIAL TO EXTEND FURTHER SUBJECT TO PLANNING** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, TWO BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW located in a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought after suburb of Old Catton with accommodation comprising, ..."
"**WEST CITY TERRACE WITH A CONVERTED LOFT AND NEWLY FITTED BATHROOM** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this FOUR BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE located to the west of the city within WALKING DISTANCE TO THE CITY CENTRE. Accommodation comprising lounge, dining room, kitchen and MODERN FITTED BATHR..."
"***** Be quick to view this TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW located in the popular suburb of Chapel Break. The property has entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, CONSERVATORY, shower room, enclosed gardens, DRIVEWAY & GARAGE ***** "
"*3D VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE* *THREE BEDROOMS OFF LANDING* *GENEROUS REAR GARDEN* Situated just off the Dereham Road within striking distance of the UEA & N+N hospital, this three bedroom end terraced property is presented in good order throughout by the current owner, boasting extensive rear garde..."
A superb 1950's three bedroom over-the-passage terrace property situated in a sought-after non-estate location to the west of Norwich City Centre.
Centrally located with a host of amenities on your doorstep convenient living won’t get better than this. Located on the ground floor with a secure entry system and offering an attractive outlook over the well maintained communal gardens this home is perfect for modern living. The fashionab...
"Newly renovated two bedroom semi-detached bungalow with a 18'3"" lounge, a large enclosed rear garden and ample off road parking. Call now to avoid disappointment."
"Reserve by end of February to receive upgraded appliances and quartz kitchen worktop!
Also receive the following benefits:
• Move-in mortgage-free for up to 10 months or if a cash purchaser a period of 5 years of no service charges!
• Reduced reservation fee of only £2,500 for 1st time buyers, bl..."
"A superbly located end of terrace house with off-street parking and 85' long mature garden, conveniently positioned in the north of the city."
"NO CHAIN! This GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT offers a PRIVATE ENCLOSED GARDEN and allocated PARKING. An extremely RARE FIND, this immaculately presented apartment has been under the same ownership since new, and is PERFECTLY SITUATED close to the CITY CENTRE, NORWICH CITY FOOTBALL CLUB and A47. With ..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** Two bedroom semi-detached bungalow with a 16'6"" lounge, garage and driveway, end of a cul-de-sac location. The property would be ideal for first time or investment buyers. Early viewings essential!"
"**FULLY RENOVATED BAY FRONTED NR3 TERRACE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer with NO ONWARD CHAIN this RENOVATED, THREE BEDROOM, BAY FRONTED mid terrace house located in the highly sought after NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprising LOUNGE, DINING ROOM, KITCHEN and BATHROOM to the grou..."
"A superb 1950's three bedroom end-townhouse located in one of Norwich's most popular residential postcode, boasting brilliant access to Norwich's UEA and N&N hospital. This home is ideal for a young/growing family. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS GREAT PROPERTY!*"
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN on this FOUR BEDROOM MID TERRACE HOUSE WITH LOFT CONVERSION located on the edge of the Golden Triangle. The property has lounge, dining room, kitchen, bathroom, good size rear garden and OFF ROAD PARKING ***** "
"Will this home be your valentine this year? Fantastic Incentives if reserved by 28th February - Enquire Now! **1 BEDROOM, FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT WITH PRIVATE SOUTH FACING BALCONY** Located on the first floor, this 1 bedroom apartment features a modern stylish open plan kitchen/lounge with access..."
Situated with convenient access to local amenities and schools for all ages is this three-bedroom semi-detached house which is offered with no onward chain. This property is ideal for first time buyers and is available to view immediately. The accommodation on offer includes a lounge w...
"***A superb three bedroom modern terrace property which was built circa 14 years ago, located in a unique and sought-after setting in this popular west city location. ***"
"This two bedroom semi-detached bungalow, is situated in the popular suburb of Sprowston, to the north of Norwich. Early viewing is highly recommended."
"Located within the idyllic village of Horsham St Faiths, this detached bungalow offers a fantastic opportunity with no onward chain. Requiring modernisation, this home benefits from three sizeable bedrooms, spacious living area, wet room and generous kitchen with space for dining and hosting. The..."
Would you like a three bedroom bungalow in Hellesdon which requires some modernisation?
This THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE is situated in the sought after NR5 postcode. The property is currently let therefore available to INVESTORS ONLY. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY!*
"Offered with No Onward Chain and full of character, this 2 bedroom ground floor leasehold apartment is conveniently located for the city centre and provides over 921 sq/ft. of living space within an attractive period property. An open plan living space lies at its heart, with 2 bedrooms, each wit..."
"***OPPORTUNITY IN THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE - VIEWING BY APPOINTMENT ONLY*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this period home which is being offered to the market with no onward chain, internal viewing is highly recommended."
"VENDOR FOUND! This DETACHED BUNGALOW is tucked away in a CUL-DE-SAC setting, with off road parking and a GARAGE to rear, along with SURPRISINGLY PRIVATE GARDENS. The property benefits from REPLACEMENT uPVC DOUBLE GLAZING and gas fired CENTRAL HEATING BOILER in recent years, along with a neutral..."
"Immaculately presented with a modern feel this property is ideal for those looking for a home ready to move straight into! This property boasts a large driveway with parking for two vehicles side by side. You enter this property via the entrance hall, ideal for shoes and coats. The lounge is an e..."
"**EXTENDED END TERRACE HOUSE WITH A NEWLY FITTED KITCHEN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, THREE BEDROOM, END TERRACE HOUSE situated in the highly sought after suburb of Hellesdon. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge/diner, MODERN KITCHEN and conservatory to the gro..."
"This immaculately presented three bedroom semi detached home is one not to miss! Located in a prime position with easy access into the Norwich city centre & with a host of local amenities within waking distance. Offering two spacious reception rooms, three well proportioned bedrooms & a g..."
"**A highly impressive three bedroom 1950's extended semi-detached house situated in this popular location which lies within walking distance of Norwich's UEA and hospital, on the western fringe of Norwich City Centre. **"
"GUIDE PRICE £250,000 - £260,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this beautifully presented and spacious second floor apartment set in the heart of Norwich's highly coveted Golden Triangle. The property benefits from off street parking and a private entrance. In brief, the..."
"Guide Price £250,000-£270,000. NO CHAIN. Set in the HEART of our Fine City, this SIZEABLE GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT offers over 1000 Sq ft (stms), within the CHARACTERFUL SCHOLARS COURT, with ALLOCATED PARKING, and FANTASTIC access to the CITY CENTRE. Once inside you will find an ENTRANCE ..."
"**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY CLOSE BY TO THE UNIVERSITY** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this three bedroom, semi detached house located to the west of Norwich close by to the University of East Anglia. Accommodation comprises entrance porch, lounge and kitchen to the ground floor. On the first..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this two bedroom end-terrace porch entrance Victorian terrace property situated in the highly sought-after NR2 postcode. The property itself benefits from having a private rear garden and en-suite bathroom.
"Guide Price Of £250,000-£270,000. Currently rented, bringing in £11,700p/a. Situated in the extremely sought after postcode of Norwich is this spacious semi-detached three bedroom family home. Boasting space to host and entertain guests, as well as enjoy cosy nights in the sizeable..."
"A 2 bed modern semi-detached home located just a short walk to the City Centre. The property has two double bedrooms, open-plan conservatory to the kitchen, garden, driveway and carport providing tandem parking for two vehicles."
"Offered with NO CHAIN, this second floor apartment offers SECURE ALLOCATED PARKING, and has had its EWS (External Wall Fire Review) COMPLETED - with the original DEVELOPERS Taylor Wimpey PAYING THE COSTS to upgrade the building. Therefore, this MODERN PROPERTY is an ideal FIRST BUY or INVESTMENT..."
"GUIDE PRICE £250,000 - £300,000 RIVER VIEWS... Positioned on the fourth floor within a block of only twenty apartments, this beautifully looked after property boasts river views, a balcony, electric central heating via radiators, double glazing, lift access, underground secured parking and co..."
"A bright and spacious one bedroom GROUND FLOOR apartment with PATIO AREA & COURTYARD VIEWS, situated within the popular MCCARTHY STONE retirement living complex."
"A very WELL PRESENTED and SPACIOUS one bedroom apartment, situated on the second floor and benefiting from a WALK-OUT BALCONY. The property is located within a POPULAR MCCARTHY STONE retirement living plus development, designed specifically for the over 70s."
"A SPACIOUS one bedroom apartment benefiting from a sheltered WALK-OUT BALCONY, this is located within a POPULAR MCCARTHY STONE retirement living plus development."
"**CHARMING TERRACE BY THE RIVER WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE CITY CENTRE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE tucked away in Thorpe Hamlet within walking distance to the City Centre. Accommodation comprising lounge, dining room with open a..."
"Great opportunity to acquire 2/3 bedroom mid-terraced house in a central location, close to a range of excellent amenities and transport links. "
"Reserve by 28th February 2023 to receive:
• Upgraded appliance and quartz kitchen worktop
• Mortgage Purchasers: Move-in mortgage-free for up to 10 months
• Cash purchasers: A period of 5 years of no service charges
• Reduced reservation fee of only £2,500 for 1st time buyers, blue light or armed..."
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this well presented and spacious Victorian end of terrace home set in the highly sought after Golden Triangle area of Norwich. The property consists of in brief; sitting room, dining room, kitchen, bathroom, two double bedrooms and loft room."
"This ground floor apartment located in the heart of the ever popular village of Eaton is not to be missed! Conveniently located with a host of local amenities on your doorstep including a Waitrose, pharmacy as well as other local shops and schools. if a quiet, convenient location is what you are ..."
"MONEYPROPERTIES PROUDLY PRESENT THIS TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT IN A GATED SECURITY COMPLEX WITH FIVE OTHERS IN THE SOUGHT AFTER VILLAGE OF EATON CLOSE TO VILLAGE AMENITIES AND EIGHT MINUTES FROM THE CITY CENTRE BY CAR. This immaculate two year old, two bedroom ground floor apartment c..."
"Located in the ever-popular Thorpe St Andrew is this 2 Bedroom Terraced House, with plenty of potential to extend and to make it your own, with more than a generous amount of South facing garden."
Rare opportunity to acquire a timber holiday cabin with generous mooring and breathtaking views on the banks of the River Yare. Within easy reach of Norwich city centre and the railway station.
"NO ONWARD CHAIN. Conveniently located in the highly sought after suburb of Thorpe Hamlet, this two bedroom end of terrace cottage offers easy access to Norwich train station and the fine City of Norwich."
A period cottage in the heart of Norwich city centre close to local riverside leisure complex and Norwich Train station. To the rear of the property is a cottage style garden. Viewing is essential to appreciate the location of this cottage.
"***This well-presented two bedroom seventh floor apartment which is situated in the popular NR1 postcode, just a short walk away from Norwich city centre & the train station and is also close to Riverside Retail complex.***"
This FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY is situated within close proximity to Norwich city centre and train station. The property benefits from four bedrooms making it an ideal family home. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS GREAT PROPERTY!*
"Guide Price £240,000 - £260,000: Bright and stylish property located within the ever sought after area of Costessey with all amenities close by. Benefiting from two double bedrooms, master shower room ensuite, open plan kitchen/diner with fitted appliances and the welcoming living room ..."
"**IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY** Extended end-terrace house with four bedrooms, cloakroom, 19ft kitchen/dining room, conservatory, cloakroom, en-suite and shower room. Early viewings are essential!"
"**SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this EXTENDED, TWO BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW located in a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC in the popular suburb of Costessey. Accommodation comprising entrance porch, lounge, kitchen, two bedrooms, shower room and..."
"Be quick to view this improved and updated terraced family home in a convenient location. Previously extended to provide stylish living spaces including a 17'8 kitchen/diner, lounge with multi-fuel burner, ground floor bathroom and 3 good-sized bedrooms off landing. Outside includes a 40' rear ga..."
"BRAND NEW BUILD APARTMENT WITH DOUBLE BALCONY- RESERVE BY 28TH FEBRUARY AND BENEFIT FROM FANTASTIC INCENTIVES! Located on the first floor, this 1 bedroom apartment features a modern open plan kitchen/lounge with access to a private balconies. The apartment also benefits from underfloor heating,..."
"Guide Price £240,000-£260,000. Contemporary city apartment, only a stone throw away from all major amenities! This spacious two bedroom apartment is situated near the popular Riverside Retail complex where you can find amenities such as shops, restaurants, cafes, leisure centres and muc..."
"FAMILY SIZED & CHAIN FREE! Offering family sized accommodation, in a much requested location, this Semi detached house is a must see! There is a drive with ample parking and a car port, a kitchen - diner, utility room and three generous bedrooms. The property is offered with NO OWARD CHAIN. "
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** Two bedroom Norfolk Homes built end terraced house which is modern throughout, located in perfectly for access to the City Centre and the NDR and would make the ideal first time or investment purchase! Early viewings essential!"
"Great first time purchase! This three bedroom mid-terrace property is located just on the outskirts of the city centre, with regular bus routes and only a 5 minute drive into the centre. Boasting a bright and airy feel in turn-key condition you can enjoy two reception rooms, well-equipped kitchen..."
"Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this light and spacious Victorian terrace set within Norwich's highly coveted Golden Triangle. The property comes with no onward chain and a private courtyard garden. In brief, the property comprises; sitting room, dining room, kitchen, family bathroo..."
"***ENJOY CITY LIVING*** Live a chic North City lifestyle in this stunning two bedroom, two bathroom mid-terrace home located within the vibrant NR3 postcode. The property has been finished to a high standard with a neutral and bright feel throughout and offers a low maintenance garden...."
"Fantastic well-presented home ideal for a first-time buyer, the property is close to the UEA and local amenities. This also offers 3 separate bedrooms and is extended to the rear with driveway to the front for off road parking and the added benefit of a bar and Kitchen area in the rear garden."
"*** Guide Price £240,000 - £250,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer for sale this well presented first floor apartment situated on the sought after former Norfolk and Norwich Hospital site, within a stones throw of the City Centre. The property benefits from an open plan kitchen / sitting ..."
"If you have been in search of a property in which to make your own impression, then look no further than this extended two-bedroom semi-detached bungalow with no onward chain. The accommodation on offer consists of a 24ft open plan lounge/diner, a bathroom, two double bedrooms and a k..."
No Chain - Motivated Sellers - Extended semi-detached bungalow with two bedrooms and lovely big garden. The rear has been extended and so the lounge and dining room is extra spacious. The kitchen overlooks the garden and is newly replaced. The loft has been unofficially converted without building...
"This three bedroom mid-terraced house with a 19'3"" lounge, utility room and cloakroom, enclosed rear garden, driveway parking. Early viewings essential!!"
"GUIDE PRICE £240,000 - £250,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this outstanding modern second floor apartment set in the heart of Norwich and only a short walk to Riverside Retail Park and Norwich train station. The property comes with a secure allocated parking space an..."
This well-presented Semi-Detached House is located North of the city center with ideal transport links into the city and the UEA. The property benefits from a large driveway to the front with a fully enclosed rear garden and three separate bedrooms on the first floor. ideal for a first-time buyer.
"abbotFox presents this generously extended, end terraced family home. Overlooking the green and park, and ideally situated within easy reach of a wealth of local amenities, this is the perfect opportunity for any growing family looking to make their own mark on a home. Accommodation comprises; en..."
"**BAY FRONTED VICTORIAN TERRACE TO THE WEST OF NORWICH** Situated to the West side of the city is this larger than average , THREE BEDROOM, VICTORIAN, BAY FRONTED, MID TERRACED house with accommodation comprising lounge, dining room, kitchen, lobby and ground floor bathroom with two bedrooms to t..."
"If you have been in search of property to make your own, then this two-bedroom semi-detached bungalow could well be the property you have been looking for. This superb property is offered for sale with no onward chain and is available to view immediately. The flexible accommodation on ..."
"Immaculately presented two bedroom terrace house with two parking spaces, recently replaced windows and flooring is located in Thorpe St Andrews and is being offered to the market with no onward chain."
"This immaculate and luxurious two bedroom City Centre apartment being part of this Marquee development which is located on the bank of the River Wensum, with brilliant access to Train and Coach Stations and bus route networks, Riverside Entertainment Complex and of course the City Centre. The pro..."
"Guide Price £240,000-£250,000 - Perfect for those looking to take advantage of city life. This well-presented three bedroom mid-terrace property is located north of the city centre with a wealth of amenities to take advantage of. Enjoy a range of shops, pubs, parks, cafes, bakery's and ..."
"Bright home boasting an expansive private garden for alfresco dining with a high degree of privacy, within the sought after area of Norwich, just a bike ride away from the city centre. Also benefiting from two double bedrooms, three piece family washroom, open plan lounge/diner with featured fire..."
"*Guide Price £240,000- £250,000* 4 bedroom terrace property on Devonshire Street Norwich. Devonshire Street is located in the popular NR2 location to the West of the City Centre. With a twenty minute walk to the City, and multiple buses coming through by the hou..."
"NO CHAIN. This VICTORIAN MID-TERRACE HOME located in NR1 on St. Leonards Road with far reaching views of the city to the front is a BLANK CANVAS and ready to move straight into! The terrace offers a BAY FRONTED sitting room, courtyard garden and OFF ROAD PARKING SPACE to the rear. Internally you..."
"Guide Price £240,000 - £250,000. Spacious detached bungalow in an incredibly sought-after location. This three bedroom semi-detached bungalow is located in the popular suburb of Sprowston, only a short drive from the city centre amenities. You can find a range of schooling, shops, cafes..."
This very attractive Victorian City terrace has it it all on offer
"Situated in a desired location, around a mile to the north of the county’s historic city centre and two miles to the airport, this semi-detached family home or investment opportunity readily affords near access into Norwich whilst also providing a community lifestyle on the northern fringe ..."
"Guide price £240,000 - £250,000. Located to the west of Norwich, off Dereham Road sits this 4 bedroom mid-terrace house with off road parking"
"**STUNNING MID TERRACE ON A FAVOURED NR3 ROAD** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, TWO BEDROOM, PORCH ENTRANCE, MID TERRACE HOUSE located in the highly requested NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance porch, lounge, dining room, kitchen and WC to the ground ..."
"Heritage Homes are delighted to offer this well presented, Two bedroom end of terrace house ( Formally a Three bedroom) located close by to the University of East Anglia"
"Located in a tucked away cul de sac position is this well-presented three-bedroom end terrace house. Ideal for first time buyers or investment, this superb home is sure to attract lots of interest. The property is in immaculate condition throughout with generous accommodation that incl..."
"CHAPTERS is a unique collection of bespoke townhouses, apartments and duplexes finished to the highest standard offering a true example of styles inner-city living. 12 Chapters is an outstanding and spacious ground floor apartment offering the perfect blend of character charm of the original buil..."
A modern and well-presented two bedroom end-terrace house situated in a sought-after location which lies just off Bowthorpe Road with easy access to Norwich's UEA and N&N hospital.
"Guide Price £240,000-£250,000- Are you looking for a family sized home with a larger than average graden?"
"ATTIK are delighted to present this Victorian mid terraced property which is found in a sought after road in the popular up & coming NR3 area. With 2 reception rooms, 2 double bedrooms & a single, kitchen & bathroom and with potential to improve and extend, stpp. Call the team now to view."
**INVESTORS ONLY**Stunning City Apartment with tenants in place
"VENDOR HAS FOUND! Having undergone COMPLETE modernisation INSIDE and OUT, this semi-detached home offers an IMMACULATE and CONTEMPORARY DECOR, surprisingly spacious GARDEN and AMPLE PARKING. Once inside you will find an ENTRANCE PORCH perfect for storing coats and shoes, this leads onto a 19' SI..."
"Guide Price £240,000 - £250,000 Charming Victorian home with a garage. This three bedroom end-terrace property is located in the desirable postcode of NR2, located only a short walk from amenities and drive into the city centre. Enjoy two reception rooms, well-equipped kitchen, a low ma..."
"YOUR PERFECT MATCH THIS VALENTINES - THIRD FLOOR, 1 BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH PRIVATE BALCONY - RESERVE BY 28TH FEBRUARY TO RECIEVE FANTASTIC INCENTIVES! Located on the first floor, this 1 bedroom apartment features a modern stylish open plan kitchen/lounge with access to a private balcony. Narro..."
"THREE BEDROOMS OFF LANDING and featuring a FIRST FLOOR BATHROOM and ground floor CLOAKROOM, this mid-terrace home which is OVER PASSAGE boasts WELL PRESENTED ACCOMMODATION with a sitting room, DINING ROOM and KITCHEN all with wood effect flooring running almost continuously through. To the end of..."
"We are delighted to offer a 1930’s solid mid-terrace property with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Situated in a quiet curl-de-sac, located in the heart of Norwich, Nr2. This newly refurbished 3 bedroom property benefits from a large kitchen which leads onto a beautifully maintained garden. Bother the living ..."
This TWO BEDROOM UPPER FLOOR APARTMENT is situated on the popular development of Bridgemaster Court and would make a perfect first time buy or investment opportunity. ***VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS GREAT APARTMENT!***
"***GUIDE PRICE £240,000 - £250,000*** Move straight in to this beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached home located in the ever popular NR3 location. Surrounded by many local amenities including supermarkets, schools and on a regular bus service in to Norwich City Cent..."
"An established three bedroom 1950's townhouse located on the edge of Heartsase, a sought-after location which lies east of Norwich in an impressive non-estate location."
"A 3 bedroom (3rd off 2nd) terraced house in need of updating and improvement. Offered for sale with no onward chain, this property has 2 reception rooms, kitchen and a ground floor shower room. Bisected south west facing rear garden. "
"***** Be quick to view this EXTENDED TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE located in the very popular suburb of New Costessey. The property has KITCHEN/DINING ROOM, lounge, first floor bathroom, enclosed rear garden, DRIVEWAY & GARAGE ***** "
"abbotFox Bespoke presents this unique, 18th Century, Grade II listed duplex apartment. Having been sympathetically restored by The Norwich Preservation Trust, this home has been exceptionally well maintained and improved by the current owners during their occupation. Accessed via a priv..."
"***GREAT CITY PAD WITH PARKING*** Book your viewing today of this fantastic two bedroom purpose built apartment located in Norwich City. Offering a secure CCTV entry system, a spacious open plan living area ideal for those who enjoy entertaining, two bedrooms, bathroom and secure parkin..."
"VENDOR HAS FOUND ***** Be quick to view to view this deceptively spacious semi-detached bungalow situated down a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC in the popular area of Clove Hill west of Norwich with accommodation comprising 2 BEDROOMS, fitted kitchen, lounge, bathroom, conservatory, garage, TANDEM DRIVEWAY and..."
Family home within a great catchment area for schooling with amenities and parks only a short walk away. This three bedroom mid-terrace property is located in the highly sought-after postcode of NR1. Only a short drive from the city centre where you can find a vast range of amenities such as shop...
"Guide Price £230,000-£250,000. Minors & Brady are pleased to present this three bedroom mid terrace family home located in Heartsease, providing a fantastic opportunity for first time buyers to really put their own stamp on their first home. The property offers a separate lounge, di..."
"*NO ONWARD CHAIN!* A fantastic opportunity to purchase this TWO BEDROOM FIFTH FLOOR APARTMENT with fantastic views over the city! Offering an open plan lounge/ kitchen/ diner, ENSUITE to master and allocated parking - call us today for more information!"
"FALL IN LOVE THIS VALENTINES WITH A NEW HOME? RESERVE BY 28TH FEBRUARY AND RECIEVE FANTASTIC INCENTIVES TOWARDS THE PURCHASE OF YOUR NEW HOME! Located on the first floor, this 1 bedroom apartment features a modern stylish open plan kitchen/lounge with access to a private south facing balcony. ..."
"Guide Price £230,000-£240,000. NO CHAIN. With POTENTIAL to ENHANCE and PERSONALISE, this end-terrace home has it all - RESIDENTS PARKING, GARAGE and ENCLOSED GARDENS - all within WALKING DISTANCE to the CITY CENTRE. The property has been a successful BUY TO LET for many years, but wou..."
"Occupying a prime position on the ever popular Vincent road stands this well-appointed three-bedroom Victorian terrace. It's prime location makes this home the perfect choice for the busy modern day professional. Within striking distance of a host of shops, schools, pubs and everything that Norwi..."
"Guide Price £230,000 - £240,000. This WARM and INVITING HOME BACKS ONTO WOODLAND, with PRIVATE REAR GARDENS and a PARKING with a GARAGE to front. This deceptively SPACIOUS mid-terrace home is presented in EXCELLENT CONDITION, finished with gas fired CENTRAL HEATING and uPVC DOUBLE GLAZ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £230,000-£235,000**NR2 TERRACE WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE CITY CENTRE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE situated to the west of Norwich WITHIN CLOSE PROXIMITY TO THE CITY CENTRE. Accommodation comprising lounge, dining roo..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN... This ex local authority mid terraced home, is in need of some modernisation and comes with accommodation comprising of a sitting room, kitchen/dining room, ground floor wet room, first floor WC and four bedrooms off landing. The property has gas central heating via a back boile..."
"Guide Price £230,000-£240,0000. Located in a desirable area of Thorpe St Andrew, Minors & Brady are delighted to present this two bedroom semi-detached bungalow offered with a great sized plot, south-west facing garden and ample off-road parking via a driveway and carport. This will..."
"A fantastic renovated three bedroom mid-terraced house situated in the sought-after area of Thorpe Hamlet, benefitting from a recently fitted kitchen & bathroom, redecorated throughout and a private rear garden. Viewings are highly advised - call us today for more information!"
"***This well presented TWO BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR FLAT is situated in the popular NR3 postcode, being a short walk from many artisan pubs, restaurants and amenities to include transport links such as Norwich Train Station. This home would make a perfect first time buy or investment!***"
"abbotFox presents this two bedroom, semi-detached house. Having been exceptionally well maintained and improved by the current owner, this home represents an ideal opportunity for any first time buyer looking to move into a ready made home. Accommodation comprises; entrance hall, cloakroom, loung..."
"The Church Hall forms part of CHAPTERS and offers a unique collection of quality townhouses, flats, and duplexes for those who are looking for the very essence of stylish city living. "
"This mid terrace house is located in a popular location on the outskirts of Norwich city centre. On the edge of the heath with a woodland outlook the property benefits from a generous size lounge with plenty of light through the bay window, to the rear is a large garden with further woodland views"
A two bedroom semi detached bungalow with private garden and off road parking. The property is in good decorative order and benefits from double glazing and gas central heating.
"** CHAIN FREE ** Well proportioned THREE bedroom house comprising of a lounge, modern fitted kitchen and modern Bathroom. This home also features enclosed front and rear gardens, gas central heating and double glazed windows"
">>NO ONWARD CHAIN<< This two bedroom semi-detached bungalow is ripe for modernisation and would make a fantastic family home or investment purchase. The property is being sold with no onward chain, early viewings essential!"
"**EXTENDED MID TERRACE WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE CITY CENTRE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE located to the south of the city within walking distance to the city centre. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner..."
"Perfectly positioned within striking distance of Norwich's City Centre stands this deceptively spacious and well presented end-terrace home which offers a substantial amount of living space. This popular NR1 location boasts a host of local amenities just a stone’s throw away, convenient liv..."
"abbotFox presents this ground floor two bedroom apartment with full use of the residents' lounge, well-equipped resident's gym and concierge service. The apartment is sleek and practical in design with high gloss, soft closing kitchen units, an integrated fridge, freezer and washer dryer..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this extended, two bedroom semi-detached bungalow. This property offers the opportunity for the prospective purchaser to put their own stamp on the property with a full refurbishment required throughout."
"abbotFox are pleased to offer for sale this semi-detached, two bedroom bungalow, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac. East of Norwich City Centre, in the popular suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. Offering the ease and flexibility of 'life on one level', accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, sitting r..."
***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** This two bedroom bungalow located in the popular location of Spixworth. This spacious semi- detached bungalow offers so much potential to improve and update. With a large garden and garage. Call today to view.
Investment opportunity offering TWO FLATS in a converted end terrace house in the popular NR3 postcode
"Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this three bedroom, semi detached house in the sought-after suburb of Hellesdon, to the north of the city. Accommodation comprises: entrance hall, dining room, lounge, kitchen, lobby and ground floor bathroom. There are two bedrooms off the first floor landin..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! This three bedroom house to the west of Norwich is currently rented and is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Including sitting room, fitted kitchen, fitted bathroom, conservatory and gardens. Close to the UEA and Hospital, its perfect for first time buyers or buy to let landlords."
"***GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £235,000 OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN*** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this ATTRACTIVE, SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE with NO ONWARD CHAIN in the highly sought after NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprises ENTRANCE HALL, QUALITY FITTED KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM, GROUND FL..."
An immaculately presented three bedroom family home situated in the highly sought-after suburb of Costessey. The property benefits from being extended to the rear to provide a fantastic open plan kitchen/dining room.
"Well presented and ready to move into straight away, this ground floor apartment is located within the ever popular Daisy Hill Court development designed specifically for over 70's. This spacious one bedroom apartment is ideally located within the village of Eaton with a range of local amenities ..."
"Well proportioned 3 bed end terrace home within a quiet cul-de-sac location in NR7. With a generous front & rear gardens, and room to extend the property if required. Close to local amenities and a short drive to Norwich City Centre. Vendor has found. Call the team today to book your viewing."
***ESTABLISHED SEMI DETACHED HOME IN FAVOURED SOUTH CITY LOCATION*** William H Brown are pleased to offer to the market this well built family home located within the popular NR4 postcode to the south of Norwich. The property benefits from three bedrooms and is offered with no onward chain.
"Guide Price £230,000-£250,000. Providing the opportunity to create your ideal home and put your own stamp on it, Minors and Brady are thrilled to present to the market this three bedroom mid-terrace home located in the desirable NR1 postcode, just south of Norwich City Centre. Offering ..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £240,000 THREE BED MID TERRACE ON A FAVOURED NR3 ROAD WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE located in the highly requested NR3 area of Norwich. Accommodation comprising lounge, dining room, kitch..."
"GUIDE PRICE £230,000-235,000**DETACHED BUNGALOW WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this TWO BEDROOM, DETACHED detached bungalow situated on a GOOD SIZE CORENER PLOT in the heart of Costessey. The accommodation comprises HALLWAY, GOOD SIZED DUAL ASPECT LOUNGE/DINING ROOM, ..."
"This home could be your perfect match this valentines!
Reserve by February 28th and receive some fantastic incentives! Located on the first floor, this 1 bedroom apartment features a modern stylish open plan kitchen/lounge with access to a private balcony. Narrows Place has been designed to ap..."
"***** Be Quick to View this Two Bedroom Semi Detached Bungalow in the popular Location of Thorpe St Andrew, offering a SOUTH-WEST FACING GARDEN AND AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING VIA A CONCERT DRIVEWAY AND CARPORT. *****"
Beautiful victorian terrace with original features! Not one to be missed...
Situated with convenient access to local amenities and with excellent transport links is this well-presented three-bedroom end mid terrace house. The property has been extremely well maintained by the current owners and is guaranteed to attract lots of interest. The accommodation on of...
"GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £250,000 Set back from the road with a generous size back garden. This three bedroom mid-terrace property is located only a short walk from Mousehold Heath & Ketts Heights with picturesque views over the city, a short walk into the city centre through the Cath..."
"**IMMACULATE MODERN MID TERRACE HOUSE OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this well presented, two bedroom terrace house on the popular Dussindale estate within the sought after suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation comprises entrance hall, modern kitchen, loun..."
"Three bedroom end of terrace house, situated in a quiet close with no through road, leading directly to lovely countryside playing fields and Redbridge River. Off road parking to the rear and space for a second car on the front garden space. Good decorative order throughout, a modern fitted..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £240,000**QUIET CUL-DE-SAC IN THORPE ST ANDREW** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this TWO BEDROOM, SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW situated in a cul-de-sac in the highly sought after suburb of Thorpe St Andrew. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, two bedr..."
"***DETACHED BUNGALOW ON A CORNER PLOT*** £230,000-£235,000 GUIDE PRICE Iconic are pleased to bring to the market this two-bedroom detached bungalow situated in New Costessey. Offered with no onward chain this attractive property occupies a good size plot with great frontage and early..."
"YOUR PERFECT MATCH THIS VALENTINES -ONE BEDROOM, SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT WITH LARGE BALCONY - RESERVE BY 28TH FEBRUARY TO RECIEVE FANTASTIC INCENTIVES! Located on the second floor, this 1 bedroom apartment features a modern stylish open plan kitchen/lounge with access to a private balcony. The be..."
"GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £240,000. Websters Estate Agents are delighted to offer this beautifully presented and spacious over the passage Victorian terrace set only a short walk to Norwich city centre. The property comes with no onward chain and a private rear garden. In brief, the proper..."
Daisy Hill Court is one of McCarthy & Stone's Retirement Living PLUS range and is facilitated to provide its home owners with extra care. An Estates Manager is on hand to manage the day to day running of the development and attend to any queries you may have. Within the service charge homeown...
"We are delighted to offer this exciting opportunity to buy this brand new, 2 bedroom house on a Shared Ownership basis. The full market value of £302,500 is available to purchase from a 75% share with a deposit of £11,344. (other shares available) Call now to register your interest.<..."
"abbotFox presents this good sized two bedroom semi detached house in a popular residential development close to the Norfolk & Norwich University Hospital and the University of East Anglia. The accommodation briefly comprises; an entrance hall, kitchen breakfast room, sitting room and gro..."
"**IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY** This three bedroom mid-terraced house is ripe for modernisation with a 19'7"" lounge, front and rear gardens and en-bloc garage. Early viewings essential!"
SOLD PRIOR TO AUCTION 
"SPACIOUS MID TERRACE! Be quick to view this roomy mid terrace house, located just north of Norwich, in popular NR6! The property offers three bedrooms, a lounge dining room, an enclosed rear garden and garage set to the rear. Call our Norwich office to book your viewing! "
"CHAPTERS is a unique collection of bespoke townhouses, apartments and duplexes finished to the highest standard offering a true example of styles inner-city living. 8 Chapters is an outstanding and spacious ground floor apartment offering the perfect blend of character charm of the original build..."
"**IDEAL FIRST TIME/INVESTMENT PURCHASE** Two bedroom mid-terraced house which is ready to move into, located in the popular suburb of Old Catton with off road parking and an enclosed rear garden, Early viewings essential!"
"This home could be your perfect match this valentines!
Reserve by February 28th and receive some fantastic incentives! Located on the third floor, this 1 bedroom apartment features a modern stylish open plan kitchen/lounge, under floor heating and smart thermostat. The apartment benefits from al..."
3 BEDROOMS & BATHROOM OFF THE LANDING. IDEAL INVESTMENT & FIRST TIME PURCHASE. Pymm & Co are delighted to offer this over the passage Victorian terrace house with three double bedrooms and a bathroom off the landing and NO ONWARD CHAIN.
"abbotFox presents this stylish, north city terraced house. With the property providing an ample, enclosed garden this home benefits from off-road parking to the rear. Internally, the accommodation offers two double bedrooms and a bathroom to the first floor, with two stylish reception rooms and k..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £220,000 - £230,000 MID TERRACE WITH OFF ROAD PARKING AND NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, THREE BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE located in the poplar Heartsease estate to the north/east of Norwich. Accommodation comprising entrance hall, lounge..."
"Modern detached bungalow in village cul-de-sac position, approx. 3 miles from Norwich, two bedroom accommodation, kitchen, lounge, shower room, single garage, driveway and small low maintenance garden. Energy rating D 56."
**INVESTORS ONLY**An impressive two bedroom smart semi-detached house situated in a tucked away quiet cul-de-sac in this sought-after location which lies just west of Norwich.
"Don't miss an opportunity to acquire this chain free terrace house which is ideal for first time buyers and investors. The property benefits from being a blank canvas for someone to make their own home, this is located in the North side of the city close to a variety of amenities and transport links"
***INVESTORS ONLY!*** This well presented TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR FLAT is situated in the popular NR1 postcode which is within walking distance of the city centre. *VIEWINGS ARE HIGHLY RECOMMENDED NOT TO MISS OUT ON THIS GREAT PROPERTY!*
"**MODERN COACHHOUSE OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this WELL PRESENTED, TWO BEDROOM, MODERN COACHHOUSE located on a sought after estate in the requested area of Cringleford. Accommodation comprising private entrance hall with stairs to first floor, lounge/dine..."
"DPS Estates are delighted to offer this fantastic investment opportunity, situated in the centre of Norwich. With tenants currently in situ, this two bedroom, modern top floor apartment will provide an instant income for any investment buyer. The accommodation comprises of a vaulted ceiling livin..."
"Fantastic opportunity to acquire this first floor apartment situated in the heart of the Norwich city centre close to a variety of restaurants, shops, parks and transport links. This also features 2 separate bedrooms with open plan lounge / diner and separate kitchen with 2 x parking spaces."
"Guide Price £220,000-£230,000. With close to 950 Sq ft (stms) this END-TERRACE HOME is situated on the fringes of COUNTY HALL, within WALKING DISTANCE to the CITY CENTRE and minutes away by car to the A146 and A47 for vehicular access out of the City. This MUCH LOVED HOME offers a WARM..."
"**WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE CITY CENTRE** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer with no onward chain this well presented, two bedroom, mid terrace house located to the south of Norwich within walking distance to the City Centre. Accommodation comprises lounge, dining room and kitchen to the g..."
"*** Launch Event Saturday 8th April - Strictly By Appointment Only *** Guide Price £220,000 - £230,000 *** ClaxtonBird are delighted to offer this well presented two double bedroom bay fronted end terrace house situated to the East of the city, within close proximity to the City Centre. The prop..."
A three bedroom period terrace which would benefit form some updating. This terrace is located on a non cut through road and within walking distance of Norwich City centre. Viewing is essential to appreciate the potential.
"abbotFox presents this spacious, purpose built, first floor apartment. Situated within a quiet residential development, within the sought-after NR4 postcode, this home represents an ideal opportunity for any first time buyer or buy-to-let investor. Offering a private entrance, the accommodation c..."
"For Sale by Modern Method of Auction (T&Cs apply). View, Bid and Buy this two bedroom semi-detached house with a 14'6"" lounge, conservatory, en-bloc garage and driveway parking and is being sold with no onward chain! Early viewings essential!"
"**A substantial and established, exceptionally spacious terraced property situated in a quiet tucked away cul-de-sac location just off Plumstead Road, overlooking a large open green. **"
"Stunning First Floor Apartment with a Communal Rooftop Terrace, Stunning Views Over The City and Gated Parking"
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! Situated North of Norwich and only a short walk to the city centre, this spacious semi detached house offers three double bedrooms, ample off road parking and large rear garden! "
"abbotFox presents this ideal first time buy or investment opportunity. Occupying a prime corner position, within easy reach of a wealth of local amenities. Offering a private enclosed rear garden and off road parking, the layout comprises; an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen breakfast room and bath..."
*NO ONWARD CHAIN* *VACANT POSSESSION* *PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY OR LANDLORD INVESTMENT* This grey bricked two bedroom Victorian terrace is situated just off of Earlham Road in the popular Golden Triangle area of Norwich and is offered with no onward chain and vacant possession. The property benefit...
"***** NO CHAIN on this TWO BEDROOM CORNER TERRACE HOUSE located in the very popular Keswick Hall development south of Norwich. The property has entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen, LOUNGE/DINING ROOM, first floor shower room, parking and USE OF LARGE COMMUNAL GROUNDS, SWIMMING POOL & TENNIS COURTS..."
"A very impressive and highly deceptive, spacious three bedroom 1950's townhouse located on the edge of heartsease, a sought-after location which lies to the east of Norwich. This area has great access to local schools and amenities."
"Perfect for first time buyers. This three bedroom property is located in the highly sought-after postcode of NR1. Boasting spacious rooms filled with natural light, well-equipped kitchen, ground floor bathroom and a sizeable garden and driveway. Situated only a short drive away from the city cent..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £220,000 - £230,000 EDGE OF THE GOLDEN TRIANGLE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Gilson Bailey are delighted to offer this TWO BEDROOM, MID TERRACE HOUSE located in the popular NR2 area of Norwich on the edge of the GOLDEN TRIANGLE. Accommodation comprising lounge, dining room and kitchen to ..."
