Summary
"A FOREVER FAMILY HOME! This stunning three bedroom detached property located on a quiet cul-de-sac is perfect for those with a growing family or just simply looking to upsize, offered with no upward chain!"
"A rare opportunity to buy a prestigious and fully let portfolio standing within a row of privately owned Victorian houses and apartments in the Park Estate. The Park was formed from the former deer grounds of Nottingham Castle, with many of the properties within the Park designed by n..."
"High spec clusters of 4/5 student property, Fully let and Income producing"
Student hmo property. Fully let and income producing. 5 minutes walk from NTU.
Rare opportunity to acquire a stunning contemporary masterpiece designed and created by an award winning developer in gated grounds with leisure complex and 5 suites.
"FAIRMONT is a bespoke five-bedroom masterpiece located in one of the regions finest locations, Edwalton. "
Exclusive Residential Development Opportunity with Planning for 9 Houses. 
"The all new Talbot House Aparthotel offers 18 unique, fully furnished spacious studio apartments, each with their own identity."
"Four 6 bedroom student HMOs located on Montpelier Road. Within walking distance of Nottingham University, QMC and the city centre. Currently let for the 22-23 academic year and partially let for 23-24."
"An exciting opportunity has arose with this plot of land that has outline planning permission to develop 9 executive detached family homes in the heart of Linby, Nottinghamshire. The site is within close proximity to Hucknall for convenience shops and transport links into Nottingham City Centre. ..."
"****Final property for sale in this prestigious development, viewings available**** Plots 1 & 2 Sold. The largest of these stunning architect designed properties is a 7 bedroom detached house offering 532m² of exquisite internal accommodation that would not look out of place on ..."
A stunning and individual Art Deco style five bedroom detached house tucked away on a large plot. A fabulous opportunity to acquire a quality home in this prestigious and exclusive location.
"Thomas James are delighted to offer The Waverley Centre to the market. This imposing detached Victorian property has been converted to provide 8 separate flats (6 x 2 bedroom flats and 2 x 1 bedroom flats), arranged over three floors, with storage also to the ground floor. Each ..."
FHP Living feel privileged to be offering for sale this substantial period detached residence which is a rare visitor to the open Park market. 
A stunning seven-bedroom period home located in the highly sought -after Manor Park area in Ruddington. The property is set within its own secure grounds and has a wealth of period features with all the charm and character of a period home with all the space that a modern family desires. With ove...
"""The Glade"" will be an exclusive development that nestles just 8 extremely personal homes right in the heart of one of the most desirable locations in the Midlands. This beautiful setting is a stunning blank canvas with planning permission and outstanding architectural plans just ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £1,600,000 - £1,700,000. An exciting and rare opportunity to purchase stunning contemporary detached family home, which was constructed by the award-winning builders, O'Keeffe's. A modern home boasting over 3600 square-foot of space and in easy walking distance to the coffee..."
A rare and exciting opportunity for a developer to undertake a bespoke project in a truly special riverside location.
A very rare opportunity has arisen to create a family home in a prime and highly desirable location in the centre of Wollaton Village with the additional bonus of a substantial building plot that has outline planning permission (22/02147/POUT) for a 1.5 storey dwelling with a private access drive...
An elegant Goodchild built four bedroom detached property perfectly placed on one of the most sought after roads in West Bridgford. Boasting sizeable proportions of family accommodation throughout and a commodious southerly aspect landscaped garden. On entry you are welcomed by a spacious recepti...
"**EXCITING DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY** Purple Bricks is delighted to bring to the market a development opportunity with planning Ref: 22/01075FUL, to convert two Semi-Detached Dwellings to create 9 high end apartments. The proposed planning comprises of the conversion of the property into 7, Tw..."
"A stunning and individual six bedroom detached property offering an abundance of character and charm sitting behind a walled garden in the heart of Wollaton. Offering tremendous potential, this fabulous property simply must be viewed to be truly appreciated."
"PLEASE CONTACT OUR COMMERCIAL OFFICE, FHP PROPERTY CONSULTANTS FOR MORE INFORMATION ON . Freehold Residential Investment capable of being upgraded - Current income £91,440 per annum"
"The Old Post House dates back to the early 1800's and retains many period features, occupying a plot of 0.36 acres in the highly desirable Wollaton Village."
GUIDE PRICE £1.3m - £1.4m. FHP Living are thrilled to offer to the market this immaculately presented four bedroom detached home on one of Edwalton's most popular roads. This property has been finished to very high standards throughout whilst offering generous accommodation and a large ...
"William H Brown West Bridgford are delighted to have this detached, three bedroom, family home, which has a quality ground floor extension for sale on the very popular street of Repton Road, West Bridgford."
"GUIDE PRICE £150,000 - £160,000 GREAT-SIZED FAMILY HOME... This three bedroom end of terrace house boasts spacious accommodation both inside and out, making it the perfect home for any family buyer and anyone looking to put their own stamp on a property. This property is situate..."
PHOENIX FROM THE ASHES!...This former estate manager's cottage to Newstead Abbey appears on Anderson's 1835 map. The current owners employed C R Crane & Son in 2005 to strip the stone building to its original framework and rebuild with the addition of a green oak extension and two brick built ext...
"GUIDE PRICE: £1,250,000 - £1,350,000 A RARITY TO THE MARKET... Prepare to be impressed with this four bedroom detached house occupying a substantial plot with scope for further development as planning has been approved for two additional four bedroom detached houses. This proper..."
"Benwell Daykin are delighted to present to the market, this stunningly presented family home which boasts a fantastic pool and leisure complex, gated in-and-out driveway, and generous south-facing grounds with beautiful open countryside views. Presented to an exceptional standard and in a prime l..."
"A beautiful and substantial home located in the heart of Linby village. Built in the 19th Century and sitting on a plot of circa 0.7 acres the house is full of character and features and has been maintained and improved to a high standard. This property offers versatile living to the full, with a..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £1,250,000 - £1,500,000 PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... This substantial detached house is a credit to the current owner as it benefits from being much-improved with a significant extension, boasting spacious accommodation spanning across three floors and occupying circa..."
FHP Living feel privileged to be offering for sale this substantial period semi-detached home occupying a commanding position in one of Nottingham´s most sought after locations. 
"A large detached house situated on a large plot at the end of a cul-de-sac in this sought-after area. The house is at the end of a long driveway from a walled entrance approaching the house, with large and beautiful grounds. "
"A stunningly presented, contemporary, newly built residence of substantial proportions. The property has been thoughtfully designed and built by the current owner, with an incredible attention to detail both in the design and the use of materials. The property also enjoys a generously sized plo..."
"An immaculately presented and spacious 8 bedroom detached chalet style house, enjoying a head of the cul-de-sac position with the benefit of ample off road parking, a double garage, summer house and a landscaped private and enclosed rear garden, well placed for local shops, schools and transport ..."
"Stunning 5 Bedroomed, new build detached property nestled in the quaint village of Tollerton."
"Guide price £1,150,000-£1,250,000. An outstanding five bedroom detached property perfectly placed on one of the most exclusive roads in Edwalton. Boasting commodious family living space that has been beautifully refurbished throughout. On entering this forever family home you are..."
Well located student property in the centre of Nottingham. Fully let and income producing ideal investment opportunity.
"A spacious family home, ideal for entertaining, The Hollies is a homely sanctuary, filled with character and only five minutes? drive from a tram stop that connects you to Nottingham."
"Home is where the HEART is! When Mr. & Mrs Blue-Tit bought this traditional detached timber birds house with four sides, roof and entrance hole it really was the stuff of dreams! In a great location with views of a pretty garden and excellent air links............................................"
"**OPEN HOUSE EVENT: Saturday 8th April (By Appointment Only)**
3 Hardwick Grove is without a doubt one of the finest homes in Nottinghamshire. No expense has been spared to create a world class, five-bedroom family home, spread over 3740 sq ft"
"William H Brown West Bridgford are delighted to showcase this beautiful cottage home, which comes with four bedrooms with a potential for a 5th, three reception rooms, secure parking and a beautiful modern kitchen to name but a few of the benefits of the home..."
"Offers are invited for this greenfield potential development site to the market, the subject site is located on Lambley Lane, Gedling. The site has had a positive assessment by the Strategic Housing Land Availability Assessment for between 5 to 15 homes under the reference of G1188 through Gedlin..."
"A deceptively spacious five bedroom detached family home, forming part of the exclusive St. Winifreds Court development, a small, gated community in Kingston On Soar."
"Simply stunning, are just two words that help summarise this remarkable Town house, which has been fully refurbished to a high standard by the present owners, situated within easy reach of the Nottingham City Centre and its associated amenities."
Fantastic Plot with Open Views * 3.34 Acres * Possibility of Development Subject to Planning * Paddocks * Out Buildings * Orchard * Formal Gardens * Double Garage * Four Stables with Electricity * Menage
"Portfolio of all two bedroom apartments within The Lambs Building comprising of four units. Fantastic views overlooking the Market Square and obtaining an annual rent roll of £72,000."
"FHP Living feel privileged to welcome to market this truly impressive property situated in an exclusive development of luxury detached houses within this established green location, a few minutes driving distance from the A52 and junction 25 of the M1 motorway. "
"This detached bungalow occupies an impressive plot which offers the exciting development potential to extend the existing property, or to build another dwelling within the grounds. (Subject to gaining the relevant consents and planning permission). The property provides gas centrally hea..."
"GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £240,000 MODERN TOWN HOUSE Situated in a sought after location and tucked away in a quiet residential cul de sac is this beautiful; modern town house that offers an abundance of space, four bedrooms and en suite to master. This home has it all and is ready and waiting"
"PREPARE TO BE BLOWN AWAY!!.. This stunning family home is exquisitely presented throughout, there is nothing to do you can just move in. You'll be amazed as soon as you step inside but don't just take our word for it, come and have a look for yourselves! Situated within close proximity to Newstea..."
"Nestled on a generous plot at the end of the highly sought-after address of Hallfields, this five bedroomed family home offers excellent family accommodation. Boasting five double bedrooms, generous proportions throughout and a mature private rear garden, sizeable side and front garden, a large s..."
"**PORTFOLIO SALE - 7 x units at The Hicking Building in Nottingham** **Current annual Rental Income of £66,180 - 7.1% YIELD"""" **EWS1 in place.** Vision Properties are delighted to offer this mix of 3 x one and 4 x two bedroom apartments in Nottingham City Centre located..."
"Situated in the beautiful conservation area known as Mapperley Park, within easy reach of the city centre and its associated amenities. "
Benwell Daykin are delighted to offer this beautiful detached house which occupies a fantastic plot in the heart of Calverton. The property has been extensively improved by the current owners to create over 3400 sq/ft of accommodation and the addition of a stunning top floor principal suite.
"Royston & Lund are pleased to present this exclusive, detached family home. Accommodation is spread over three spacious floors and is located within close proximity to excellent amenities. Located on a recently built development in Edwalton within close proximity to well-regarded schools includin..."
FAMILY HOME WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN... We are pleased to be marketing this fine and substantial detached residence in an exclusive private drive affording great privacy and offering a wonderful family home of real quality. This property benefits from being improved and extended at considera...
A beautifully presented detached family home standing on a prominent corner position within the highly regarded and sought-after Nottinghamshire suburb of Wollaton
"Strike is pleased to present this property in Nottingham. This stunning re-furbished, distinctive and impeccably presented, individually built 1930’s property is tucked away on a quiet and exclusive cul-de-sac within easy walking distance of Beeston town centre and public transport links..."
"A spacious modern and contemporary five bedroom detached house with a detached double garage, ample off road parking and a private and enclosed rear garden, well placed for local shops, schools and transport links this substantial property is a perfect opportunity for growing families and an earl..."
"Occupying a commanding corner plot in a highly regarded and extremely quiet West Bridgford location is this beautifully presented ""grand design"" style home. The property offers fabulous entertaining space with an impressive sized reception hall, living room, sitting room, snug/playroom,..."
"PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... We are pleased to present to the market this truly unique opportunity to acquire a stunning and striking family home, which offers spacious accommodation and ample storage space spanning across the three floors. This property is situated in the highly regarded ..."
"This superb barn conversion offers spacious and versatile accommodation, along with separate annex accommodation which would lend itself to numerous uses. The main property has accommodation including a lounge, a reception hall/dining room, a kitchen, a utility room, a guest wc, a games ..."
"An exceptionally well-presented detached family home situated on Wollaton Vale, a desirable address located within the popular Nottinghamshire suburb of Wollaton"
"This detached family home in the sought after location of Manor Park in Ruddington, provides spacious accommodation arranged over two floors which includes an entrance porch, an entrance hall, a dual aspect lounge/dining room with French doors opening to the rear garden, plus a breakfast kitchen..."
A rare visitor to the open market for its style and location in the prestigious Park Estate.
"A skillfully and stylish extended four-bedroom family home, located in central West Bridgford, just a short walk from the central avenue and local amenities, boasting over 2,460 sq ft of accommodation. The property has the highly sought-after open plan kitchen living area stepping out to the Sout..."
"This is a unique opportunity acquire a large detached farmhouse property which has an adjoining two double bedroom self contained annex. The property has been maintained to the highest standards and being tastefully finished throughout in a style that suits the age of the property, the accommoda..."
Versatile Accommodation * Picturesque Location * Character Features * Utility Room * En-Suite * Mature Gardens
"Penthouse apartment comprising of Open Plan Kitchen/Lounge with balcony overlooking the River Trent, three Double Bedrooms, two En-Suites and Family Bathroom, also with allocated parking space, access to meeting rooms, gymnasium and concierge! The Yacht Club Riverside is a brand new w..."
William H Brown are delighted to offer this well-presented seven bedroom detached property situated in a quiet location in Gedling.
"An attractive detached period property that is split into two generous apartments in a highly sought-after central location within West Bridgford. Offering potential to convert back to a family home, ideal for a buyer who may be looking for investment with extra income and future potential to con..."
"David James are pleased to present this recently renovated, superb three storey detached family home which has been finished to a high standard throughout and is sold to the market with no upward chain! This superior accommodation boasts a spacious open plan dining kitchen (with the kitchen area ..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire an exclusive four bedroom detached house, tucked away at the head of a small cul-de-sac on a large and private, beautifully landscaped plot. Fabulous potential for an extension (subject to the necessary consents) this great opportunity is well worthy of view..."
"GUIDE PRICE £225,000 - £250,000 NO CHAIN This three bedroom terraced home offers accommodation over three floors, with two bathrooms and additional cellar space in a sought after location close to the University and Arboretum"
Stunning Family Home * Utility Room * Study * Kitchen Diner Family Room * Ground Floor Guest Bedroom / Snug With En-Suite * Generous Gardens * Solar Panels * Under Floor Heating
"GUIDE PRICE £850,000 - £900,000. David James are pleased to present this superb characterful, three-storey, detached family home situated in the ever popular residential location of Woodthorpe and within easy reach of ample amenities and frequent bus routes to Nottingham city centre, QMC and the ..."
"A stunning penthouse apartment at The Yacht Club Riverside. If you´re looking for the peace and tranquillity of waterside living, look no further than The Yacht Club Riverside apartments. A prestigious river-fronting development by KMRE Group, of 81 high spec, contemporary apartments, prov..."
"This is a substantial double fronted Edwardian detached residence which has spacious six bedroom accommodation arranged over three floors. The property still retains many original features including Minton tiled flooring in the hall, solid pine doors to the rooms on the ground floor and first fl..."
***HEART OF WEST BRIDGFORD*** William H Brown are delighted to bring to the market this beautifully presented bay fronted detached family home with some original features and large outdoor space. To book your viewing please contact William H Brown West Bridgford today!
"An elegant five bedroom detached house in the sought after location of West Bridgford. Offering sizeable proportions throughout three storeys of family accommodation. On entry you are welcomed by a spacious entrance hall leading to the bay fronted living room, family room, wc and open plan kitche..."
"GUIDE PRICE £800,000 - £850,000 An immaculately presented & individually designed 4 bedroom executive detached family home which must be viewed to be fully appreciated, situated within easy reach of Mapperley's excellent range of amenities, variety of local schools & Nottingham city centre. The g..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £800,000 - £850,000 A BEAUTIFUL HOME WITH A SWIMMING POOL... With this striking, detached house boasting spacious accommodation spanning across three floors making it a great purchase for anyone looking for their forever home. This property is well-presented through..."
"GUIDE PRICE £800,000 - £825,000. Rare Opportunity! This beautifully presented property has been refurbished throughout and the result is a truly impressive home perfect for a growing or established family. Offering over 2,200sq.ft of internal space, this home is finished to the highest ..."
"Nestled in the heart of Hucknall, this large detached home was previously used as a care home and holds plenty of potential and more than enough space for an array of buyers. Located only minutes from Hucknall high street - shops,bars and amenities - whilst sitting on prime bus links and offerin..."
"HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION... This charming and delightful detached house sits within the heart of a highly sought-after residential location within easy reach of the centre of West Bridgford, host to a wide range of excellent facilities and amenities together with the City Centre and ..."
"An attractive double bay fronted detached period family home on a generous plot of 1/4 of an acre with IN and OUT driveway and large south facing rear garden. Normanton on the Wolds is a highly regarded village set in rolling south Nottinghamshire countryside, only 3 miles from West Bridgford wit..."
"A stunning five bedroomed period home within favoured school catchment areas, situated in the highly sought-after Nottingham suburb of West Bridgford. Having been renovated and extended by the current owners to excellent standards, this is ideal for buyers looking to avoid the inconvenience and e..."
"A beautifully presented contemporary four bedroom detached house retaining a lot of the property's original charm, occupying a quiet and peaceful cul-de-sac location well placed for local shops, schools and transport links including Attenborough train station. In order to be fully appreciated an..."
This is an individual detached property which is situated on one of the most sought after roads in Toton. Since being originally constructed this family home has been substantially extended at the rear and now provides four reception rooms and five double bedroom accommodation. This lovely home...
"Robert Ellis are pleased to bring to the market this beautifully presented and spacious four double bedroom detached house occupying a quiet and peaceful cul-de-sac location, well placed flor local shops, schools, transport links and the A52. An early internal viewing comes highly recomm..."
"A beautifully presented, substantial four bedroom detached barn conversion in a highly sought-after village location with double garage, off-road parking and well-landscaped gardens. Comprising:- Ent hall, lounge, dining room, dining kitchen, utility, four bedrooms, two en suites & family bathroom."
"A remarkable five bedroom, three reception room Victorian detached house on a private 1/3rd acre plot with attractive period detached annex, previously a billiard house. Sweeping driveway to ample parking, many original features, located within a Conservation Area in the heart of Sandiacre. Gre..."
"This is a re-designed three double bedroom individual detached bungalow positioned towards the head of a private drive in this most sought after area of Long Eaton. The property has been upgraded to a high standard throughout having a Steven Christopher ALNO fitted kitchen and quality bathrooms, ..."
"A superb development opportunity, 1 acre development site with planning for 5 dwellings."
"GUIDE PRICE: £795,000 - £850,000 DETACHED HOUSE WITH ANNEX... We are pleased to be bringing to the market this highly impressive detached residence enjoying the most splendid size plot featuring a separate annex, a detached garage and beautiful south-facing gardens overlooking o..."
Royston and Lund are please to bring to the market this beautifully presented six bedroom detached family home in Edwalton with stunning views over the local Golf Course. The property offers generous and versatile accommodation over three storeys and benefits from ample off street parking with a ...
"A four bedroom detached executive family residence in a prime location. Generous parking with a double brick built garage. Three reception rooms. Master bedroom with dressing area and en-suite. Generous rear gardens, viewing highly recommended."
"This architecturally designed property was built just two years ago and boasts unique features including a mezzanine bridge that crosses the reception to open onto a decked seating area, and a basement level cabled and ready for use as a cinema, games and entertainment room. The propert..."
"Freehold Residential Investment capable of being upgraded - Gross Income £40,068, Potential Gross Income £51,600 per annum"
 Ivy House is a charming four bedroom detached family home located at the heart of the much sought after Nottinghamshire village of Bradmore. This period building offers a wealth of character and original features; in particular heavily oak beamed ceilings to many of the principle rooms a (cont.)
"** This property is for sale by Modern Method of Auction and viewer/bidder information will be shared with the Auctioneer, IAM-Sold. A non-refundable Reservation Fee of 4.2% of the purchase price inc VAT, subject to a minimum of £6,000 inc VAT is payable by the winning bidder ** ..."
" Benjamins are delighted to welcome to the market this beautiful five-bedroom extended property with original period features, located in highly sought-after area of West Bridgford. The property briefly comprises; a generous reception porch with a characterful stain glass windows, (cont.)"
"An extended, stunning five-bedroom period home, located in highly sought-after school catchment areas, in the popular Nottingham suburb of West Bridgford. Boasting accommodation over three floors, five well-proportioned bedrooms, and a recently constructed impressive rear extension with open plan..."
Substantial family home with period charm and character in a highly sought after location
"Guide price £760,000-£785,000. An impressive five bedroom detached home perfectly placed in the heart of Gamston Village. Boasting generous proportions throughout two storeys of family accommodation. On entry you are welcomed by a spacious porch and reception hall leading to the ..."
"Riverside is a brand new, waterside development by Peter James Homes, consisting of 34 luxury apartments sitting on the banks of the River Trent. Apartment 34 is a unique Penthouse, occupying the entire fifth floor of Riverside 1 with the added benefit of a spacious balcony,spanning the entire wi..."
CALLING ALL LANDLORDS – RARE OPPORTUNITY TO EXPAND YOUR PORTFOLIOBelvoir West Bridgford are delighted to bring to the market this newly renovated block of 4 apartments in West Bridgford.
"*** IMPRESSIVE SUBSTANTIAL FAMILY HOME WITH SELF CONTAINED ANNEX *** If you're looking for a substantial property with versatile living accommodation, prepare to be blown away by this superb home nestled away on a private drive. "
"Tucked away in the corner of this prestigious Cul-de-sac backing onto Wollaton Hall & Deer Park, this substantial detached home is surrounded by beautifully presented landscaped gardens, a sweeping driveway for several vehicles & also has three bedrooms & two reception rooms. Convenie..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £750,000 - £800,000 BURSTING WITH CHARACTER... This substantial detached house is located in an exclusive and highly sought after residential location, within easy reach to the centre of West Bridgford, boasting a wide range of excellent facilities and amenities tog..."
FHP Living feel privileged to be offering for sale a most charming detached cottage believed to have been originally constructed in the 17th Century. Situated in a delightful location the property is opposite the Attenborough bowling club and located next to the Attenborough cricket club and the ...
**A MUST VIEW** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home situated within one of Nottinghamshire's most sought after locations. The property includes planning permission for a double rear extension with loft conversion turning the the curre...
"GUIDE PRICE £750,000 - £775,000. A stunning five-bedroom semi-detached Victorian period property, in a central West Bridgford location. Close to local amenities, transport links and great school catchments. The current venders have updated the property blending period features with cont..."
"***GUIDE PRICE 750,000 -£825,000 *** ***NO CHAIN *** Benjamins are delighted to bring to market this exceptionally spacious four bedroom detached Chalet bungalow situated on one of the most prestigious roads in Ruddington Village. the uniquely designed property is packed full of (cont.)"
This is an individual detached four or five bedroom home positioned on a plot which is approx. ¾ of an acre in size. The property provides spacious family accommodation arranged on two floors and now benefits from a 22 panel solar panel system fitted over the past year which significantly reduce...
"An excellent opportunity to acquire a stunning 5 bedroom substantial detached family home with character in abundance and ideally situated just a short walk away from Sherwood's excellent range of shops, bars/restaurants, variety of schools and frequent bus services to the city. The ground floor ..."
FHP living are thrilled to offer to the market these fantastic new build homes within the quaint and sought-after Wilford Village. Plots 1 to 5 are available to reserve now! 
"A superbly presented detached family home in this highly sought after location. The current owners have created a wonderful fusion of character features with a modern twist. In brief the accommodation comprises entrance hall, ground floor WC, lounge, open plan living dining kitchen, u..."
"Riverside is a brand new, waterside development by Peter James Homes, consisting of 34 luxury apartments sitting on the banks of the River Trent. Apartment 23 is a unique three bedroom duplex apartment, situated over the third and fourth floors with the added benefit of two spacious balconies, al..."
"18 bed HMO in 0.17 acre site with ample parking. Fully let producing £80,280 per annum inclusive of running costs. Each unit has its own WC and shower room and generally benefits from laminate floor coverings, electric heating and LED lights. There are two shared kitchens per floor. A1 and the ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £725,000 - £750,000. A beautiful Jesse Gray detached family home located on the highly sought-after address of Selby Road, West Bridgford. The property is offered to the market for the first time in 47 years and has a wealth of its original features and is ideal for a buyer ..."
"Guide Price - £725,000 - £750,000 - Fabulous Family Home in the highly desirable village of Woodborough, with a superb sun terrace offering incredible countryside views. Perfect for families looking for their forever home"
"Extended to provide a fourth bedroom & shower room to the ground floor, this family home offers flexible living accommodation over two floors & is conveniently located for Fernwood Schools & Wollaton Hall & Deer Park. Well presented throughout & located on a corner plot with a..."
"Are you looking for a large, grand and traditional home in Long Eaton within walking distance of Trent College? This statement home is well known in Long Eaton. Situated on the corner of the Parkside Estate, this family home boasts space, traditional features and further potential! Boasting a sev..."
**A MUST VIEW** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this beautifully presented SIX bedroom detached family home situated within one of Nottinghamshire's most sought after locations in the heart of Lambley. The property it is ideally positioned close to local village pubs as well the sought after...
"Guide Price £725,000 - £775,000 More than meets the eye! This unique family home has so much space on offer and the most stunning views to the rear. This property just unfolds as you enter it. We were blown away by the amount of space and potential this property has to offer! Must be Viewed!"
"**STUNNING FAMILY HOME** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this beautifully finished, individually designed detached family home situated within one of Nottinghamshire's most sought after village locations. With an array of stunning features, Meadow Croft is a four bedroom extended property whi..."
"PRICE GUIDE £700-725,000 - This is an individual detached house positioned on a plot of approx. ¼ of an acre in size which is situated in this most sought after residential area of Long Eaton. The property offers spacious and light accommodation which includes a reception hall with doors leading..."
"*** LIVE THE HIGH LIFE! *** With luxury extras such as swimming pool, sauna, steam room and heated driveway, no expense has been spared on this premium family home. The lucky new owner will have scope to improve what is already fabulous space to make this another long term family home nestled ..."
"A five/six bedroom detached family residence with four reception rooms, four bath/shower room facilities, impressive contemporary family dining kitchen, off-street parking and private rear gardens, small cul de sac, great for families and commuters alike, plenty of space for those looking to work..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £700-725,000** This is a spacious and very versatile individual detached property situated in this much sought-after Parkside residential location. Having two large reception rooms and four bedrooms the property also includes four bathrooms, a conservatory at the rear, a re-fitte..."
"Situated in Mapperley, this lovely four bedroom detached family home featuring three reception rooms as well as a conservatory, is ready to move into and is a must see. Mapperley is a popular area of Nottingham due to its amenities which include schools, a gym, shops, bars, restaurants..."
"FOR SALE BUY MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION STARTING BID £700,000. Your Move Nottingham is thrilled to welcome to the market this very rare opportunity to purchase this group of 9 self-contained apartments just minutes from the city centre. Stemming from the conversion of a..."
"This superb barn conversion, originally part of the working farm, has been converted into a characterful and spacious family home. Situated at the edge of the village of Ratcliffe-On-Soar, Chestnut Barn provides accommodation over two floors which includes a vestibule hallway, a breakfas..."
"GUIDE PRICE £700,000 - £725,000 Thomas James is delighted to be marketing this immaculately presented detached home, which offers spacious accommodation that will suit the needs of a growing family. Arranged over two floors, the accommodation includes an entrance hall, dining r..."
"Thomas James are delighted to be marketing this detached bungalow, Spinney View enjoys a private position on the outskirts of the sought after village of Ruddington. The property is in need of a full refurbishment and provides versatile living accommodation including an entrance porch, r..."
"Guide Price £699,950-£725,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to market this immaculately presented four bedroom semi detached property located in the heart of West Bridgford. Situated within walking distance to Central Avenue which offers a whole host of shops and amenities. This property ..."
"A rare and exciting opportunity to acquire four two bedroom apartments situated in this desirable development just a short distance from Mapperley Top. All units are currently let out and are generating an approximate 5.25% yield and benefit from a gated parking space, a light and contemporary in..."
"Stunning quality six bedroom detached family home situated in an established residential location mid way between Bardills Island and Stapleford centre, within a 15 minute walk of the tram station and with fantastic road links to Nottingham, Derby and the M1 motorway. The property has been meticu..."
A stunning four bedroom detached house with a stylish and contemporary interior and a particularly impressive open plan kitchen/diner and living space to the rear.
"DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH SELF-CONTAINED ANNEX... A rare opportunity to acquire a large detached house featuring a fantastic self-contained annex, providing versatile accommodation for a range of buyers. This well-presented property is a credit to the current owners as they have complete..."
For sale an extended four double bedroom detached house that is extremely well presented throughout and benefits from three receptions rooms and additional downstairs shower room. The property has been renovated to a very high standard throughout and is versatile for any growing family. Additiona...
"This grand five bedroom detached property stands in its own private grounds in a popular area of Hucknall, close to local amenities. This very private residence is exclusive and full of charm and character. The idyllic setting is within a large mature plot having gardens to all sides. "
"GUIDE PRICE £695,000 TO £715,000 5 Bedroom Detached Family Home | NO UPWARD CHAIN | SOLAR PANELS | SOUTH FACING GARDENS | Approx 2500 sq ft + DOUBLE GARAGE | - A beautifully presented and substantial, detached residence; with accommodation over three floors. The pr..."
"VERY IMPRESSIVE!! A stunning four bedroom detached family home with a double storey rear extension and refurbished to a very high standard throughout, this one is not to be missed. Great location on the corner of Spring Lane and Chedington Avenue bordering open countryside. There's a Sainsbury's ..."
This charming Grade II-listed five-bedroom former barn is believed to date to the mid 1400s. 
"A spectacular family home with five double bedrooms and fantastic flexible family spaces. This stunning 3-storey, 5-bedroom home could accommodate a large, lively family, with room to spare. Featuring a study, it's ideal for those who work from home. There is also a convenient downst..."
WHAT A GARDEN! This three bedroom detached home has the most stunning landscaped garden and newly laid block paved drive. It has a modern kitchen and generous size lounge diner. Its great for anyone looking to put their own stamp on a property
"This unique detached bungalow has been architecturally designed and provides premium accommodation including a large entrance hall opening to an impressive atrium, a luxury fitted kitchen, a dining room and separate living room both with French doors opening to the garden, three double bedrooms (..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £685,000 - £700,000*** Discover a rare gem in the heart of the picturesque South Nottinghamshire village of Tollerton. This stunning five-bedroom detached family home boasts an attractive guide price of £685,000 - £700,000 and offers a once in a lifetime opportunity to (cont.)"
"William H Brown West Bridgford are delighted to have this stunning detached home for sale. The works that have gone into this renovation rival the specs of new-build property, however there is more space on offer here."
"It is apparent that the owners of this beautifully presented and significantly improved property have put a great deal of thought, time and effort into creating a very spacious and comfortable family home. Located in an elevated position in a popular road just off Chilwell High Road, the house h..."
"PROPERTY AND BUILDING PLOT - PRICE GUIDE £675-700,000 - This is a large individual detached bungalow which has the potential to extend into the attic and create several further bedrooms and bathrooms. The property is situated on a large plot with part of the land at the front having outline Plann..."
HIGH-SPEC FAMILY HOME IN EXCLUSIVE DEVELOPMENT... This four bedroom detached house is situated in an exclusive development constructed within recent years and features individually designed homes created by award-winning lead designer Guy Phoenix. Set in over 4 acres of mature woodlands ...
"GUIDE PRICE £675,000 - £700,000 WELL-PRESENTED DETACHED FAMILY HOME... This five bedroom detached house occupies a generous sized plot boasting spacious accommodation well proportioned across three floors whilst benefiting from a range of beautiful features throughout including ..."
"Simply stunning! a beautifully improved residence, thoughtfully extended to create a stylish and spacious interior; with landscaped grounds to be enjoyed, and taking full advantage of the properties superb location, with open views to the rear. The property is ideally located for easy access to ..."
LOVE NEW BUILDS BUT DONT WANT AN ESTATE? Prepare To Be Impressed! This four double bedroom new home is set in the most stunning location! It's on a private road off Moor Road in Papplewick. It is being finished to the highest standard with no expense spared!
"Guide Price £675,000-£725,000. A characterful four bedroom Victorian semi detached home perfectly placed within walking distance of Central Avenue. Boasting sizeable proportions throughout three storeys of family accommodation. This forever family home is bursting with scope and ..."
"**Investment/Development Opportunity** Close to Heart of Hucknall Town Centre. Outline Application With All Matters Reserved for Construction of 9 Dwellings With Associated Access, Car Parking and Amenity Space. Planning Application Reference Number: V/2018/0734"
"This is a home with a difference. You'll notice it the moment you step through the door; the light, the layout, the sense of space in every room. From the front-facing study/dining room and centrepiece living room, to the stunning showcase kitchen with adjoining sitting area and feat..."
An exceptional individually designed home sitting on a beautiful private plot measuring 0.53 of an acre or thereabouts in the Conservation Village of Bulcote. An incredibly rare opportunity to create a truly stunning home to new owners specifications & requirements. Viewing strictly by appointment. 
"GUIDE PRICE £650,000-£700,000 * Period Property With Partially Converted Annex * DOUBLE GARAGE * No Chain * Walled Country Style Gardens * Generous Plot * Central Village Location"
"GUIDE PRICE £650,000 - £675,000. Tristrams are pleased to present this stunning four-bedroom detached family home on one of the most prestigious roads in Wollaton. The property benefits from ample off-street parking and sits on a generous plot, while also being within proximity to Wolla..."
Existing Property Ripe For Development PLUS Planning Permission Granted To Create A Single Contemporary 'self-build' Dwelling * Tucked Away Off Nottingham Road
"GUIDE PRICE £650,000 - £675,000 PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... This truly versatile detached house wouldn't be out of place on Grand Designs due to the beautiful design for modern living whilst boasting spacious accommodation throughout. Situated in an exclusive and highly sought af..."
"Welcome to Chaworth Road, West Bridgford. This beautiful five bedroom semi-detached family home, features off road parking, a home office/cabin in the rear garden and an abundance of original features throughout. Call the West Bridgford office today for more information!"
"DEVELOPMENT WITH PLANNING PERMISSION!! A great opportunity to buy this three-bedroom detached house with 1/3 acre 'L' shaped gardens linking up with Carmel Gardens, which is off Arnot Hill Road. Permission has been granted to construct a four-bedroom detached house (1400ft2 approx) adjacent to th..."
Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom Semi-detached home in the heart of West Bridgford. The property is sold with no upward chain and would make an ideal first home. Situated within catchment area for popular local schools and only a short stroll from Central Ave...
"Bairstow Eves are excited to introduce this beautiful and spacious five bedroom detached family home. Situated in the popular residential location of Gedling, within a close proximity of shops, schools and local amenities along with transport links to Nottingham City Centre. Benefi..."
"A stunning new build detached four-bedroom property situated in the desirable Alexandra Place. This ready to move into, Georgian inspired energy efficient home, is spacious and luxurious with all the must haves for modern family life. "
"City Sales are proud to be marketing this modern four double bedroomed, double fronted detached family home located at the bottom of the cul de sac of Chancery Court in Wilford. In brief the property comprises of entrance porch, reception hallway, downstairs cloaks, study, dining room, lounge an..."
"Situated in the popular suburb of Arnold, approximately 5 miles north of Nottingham City Centre, this individual detached home configured over one level is a true hidden gem and comes to the market with full planning in place for the development of an additional 2 single storey dwellings"
"A particularly deceptive, stylish and individual four bedroom chalet style house finished to extremely good standards throughout. Ideal for a family or those looking for a bungalow with additional accommodation."
"WE LOVE THIS HOUSE AND YOU WILL TOO! This picturesque house has so much curb appeal. Located in beautiful Linby Village, it is walking distance to a lovely pub and local countryside walks. It has great access through to the M1 so ideal for any commuters"
"A four-bedroom period detached home, nestled on the banks of the River Trent, in the sought-after location of Wilford Village. The property is part of a secured gated community and offers a fantastic family home which has good proportions throughout with excellent views over the water. "
POTENTIAL DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY!! (subject to planning). Great location on the outskirts of Arnold and just a short drive from open countryside. Mapperley's thriving shopping area is only about half a mile away.
* Period cottage with additional plot of land across the road * Large garden with countryside views * 3 Bedrooms * Opportunity to modernise and create a special family home This period cottage is situated in the lovely village of Lambley with a very large garden and open view...
"William H Brown Kimberley will be accompanying all viewings by appointment only, for anyone wishing to view please call the office today to arrange a viewing. To confirm once again this is a FREEHOLD PROPERTY SPANNING OVER 4000 SQUARE FEET."
"Freehold Residential Investment capable of conversion into student accommodation. Current Income £33,792 per annum. "
"**MUST VIEW, FIVE BDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME!!**
**GUIDE PRICE £650,000-£675,000** Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this spacious five bedroom detached family home. The property has been extended to the rear along with a loft conversion. It offers versatile living accommodation..."
"This skillfully extended four bedroom family home enjoys a generous plot with lovely open countryside views to the rear. Thrumpton is a quintessential English village enjoying a rural location, yet with great access to East Midlands Parkway (with direct rail services to London), East Midlands Air..."
"Royston & Lund are delighted to market this bay fronted, detached, four bedroom family home set on a generous plot measuring approx. three quarters of an acre, offered to the market with no onward chain. The property would benefit from cosmetic refurbishment with the potential to extend..."
"Apartment 16 - INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, SOLD WITH THE BENEFIT OF PROFESSIONAL TENANT IN SITU- A magnificent 1,580 sq. ft. duplex apartment finished to penthouse standards with spacious kitchen living space perfect for entertaining with impressive views, mezzanine floor with 2 bedrooms and 2 en-suites"
"The Fletcher is a stunning 5 bedroom detached home with accommodation that flows beautifully on the ground floor from the spacious hallway. From the spacious hallway you access the Kitchen/diner/breakfast room, which runs the width of the home and has French doors to the rear garden, T..."
"William H Brown West Bridgford are delighted to showcase this fantastic Victorian, bay fronted, three storey home for sale, which boasts both original and modern features. Call the office today to arrange your viewing..."
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED CHARACTER PROPERTY... GUIDE PRICE: £625,000 - £650,000 This Victorian semi-detached home is a true credit to the current owners as it is beautifully presented throughout with a unique combination of new and original features including cast iron fireplaces,..."
"This is a substantial double fronted five double bedroom detached home built in 2017 by David Wilson Homes and being situated on the edge of picturesque open countryside, is just a few minutes from the M1, Nottingham city centre and the QMC, Nottingham and Trent Universities and other areas aroun..."
"***PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED***William H Brown Kimberley are delighted to bring to market this STUNNING FIVE BED DETACHED MODERN FAMILY HOME. Room after room after room, space for every member of the family. Call now to book your viewing on this large forever family home."
"GUIDE PRICE £625,000 - £650,000 - LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION - A beautifully presented, elegant period home with generously sized accommodation over three floors. The property occupies a good sized plot on one of the most sought after roads within this extremely popular village. There are a gre..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £625,000 - £650,000 YOUR FOREVER FAMILY HOME... Prepare to be impressed with this four bedroom detached house as it boasts spacious accommodation well-proportioned across two floors whilst being exceptionally well-presented and decorated throughout making it the pe..."
"A stunning and substantial, contemporary residence having been re-designed and thoughtfully extended by the current owners to create a four bedroom home with three bathrooms, beautiful and sizable kitchen/family room and much more besides. The property occupies a good sized plot which allows for..."
"Prepare to be impressed by this beautiful three double bedroom detached family home! Benefiting from open plan living space to the ground floor, log burning fire and much more. Call to arrange your viewing today!"
"Guide Price £625,000-£650,000. An immaculately presented four bedroom detached bungalow in the heart of Gamston Village. This property would suit a variety of buyers from those looking for one level living to families looking for sizeable proportions situated in fanatic school ca..."
"THE HOME THAT HAS IT ALL - GUIDE PRICE £625,000 - £650,000. Tucked away in a quiet cul de sac on a corner plot this substational five bedroom home offers an abundance of space throughout and would make a perfect family home within close proximity to Attenborough Nature Reserve"
"A substantial detached property boasting over 2,400 Sqft of Space including the garage"
"A tardis-like split level three bedroom two bathroom three toilet detached property with two separate staircases providing access to two individual lower areas incorporating two sitting rooms, family room and large games room. Other benefits include gas central heating from recently installed bo..."
"This beautiful, detached residence, is stylish and elegant throughout and presented immaculately. The property enjoys a substantial plot with generously sized accommodation; and is close to the centre of this extremely popular village, with its many amenities for the whole family. There are a r..."
"Plot 50 - LAST REMAINING PENTHOUSE AVAILABLE! A magnificent 1,356 sq. ft. duplex penthouse with 3 bedrooms, 3 ensuites, parking space, intercom system, spacious kitchen living space perfect for entertaining with impressive panoramic & elevated views of the River Trent. Superior specified penthouse!"
"GUIDE PRICE £625,000 - £640,000. A superb three-bedroom bungalow that boasts over 1700 square feet of space, set on a Cul-de-sac location in the highly sought-after area of West Bridgford. With generous proportions throughout and a stunning extended family room to the rear with vaulted ..."
"Guide Price - £625,000 - £650,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this extended five bedroom Victorian semi-detached home in the heart of West Bridgford. The property benefits from a stunning kitchen diner at the rear with skylights and bi-fold doors, as well as off s..."
A significantly extended and particularly deceptive four bedroom Victorian semi-detached house that has retained a wealth of original character and charm.
"Situated in the prestigious Park Estate, occupying a corner position in this highly regarded and sought after location lies Alexander House, a modern and well presented detached property affording a wealth of features that will appeal to the discerning purchaser."
"LOVE IT..LOVE IT..LOVE IT! EXTENDED SEVEN BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE STUNNING SPACIOUS THROUGHOUT, CINEMA ROOM WITH AMAZING FEATURES AND HAS SO MUCH POTENTIAL TO ADAPT TO ANY FAMILIES NEEDS! This heavily extended seven bedroomed detached family home is a credit to its current owners. This ..."
"*** LIVE THE IDYLIC VILLAGE LIFE *** This is a family home that really has it all. Enjoy breakfast with the bi-folds open in the summer, spend time planting veg with the kids in the garden, entertain friends in the spacious dining room. Whatever your boxes are, we're confident this stunning ho..."
PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... This five bedroom detached house is truly a credit to the current owners as the property has been completely transformed and finished to the highest standard with no expense spared to create a home anyone would be proud of. This property occupies a generous-siz...
"ROOM FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY! GUIDE PRICE £600,000 - £625,000 This large elevated plot consists of two separate properties - a renovated five bedroom detached family home and a one bedroom detached Dorma Bungalow. Both properties benefit from a multi-car driveway, garage and extensive outdoor space"
"GUIDE PRICE £600,000-£625,000. A detached period home located in the highly sought-after Nottingham suburb of West Bridgford, that has been split into two self-contained apartments. Offering an investment opportunity, potential for an owner live in landlord, or potential for conversion ..."
"RARE OPPORTUNITY This three bedroom detached property is bursting with character, located in the ever popular area of Edwalton just a short walk away from schools, shops and open green spaces. With potential to extend and develop this fantastic opportunity could be your next family home"
"*TWO PROPERTIES ON THE PLOT FOR £600,000* **5 BEDROOM HOUSE AND A 1 BEDROOM SELF CONTAINED DORMA BUNGALOW** BRAND NEW TO THE MARKET, we have a fully refurbished 5 bedroom house along with a 1 bedroom dormer bungalow, both properties are to be sold together.  HOUSE On enteri..."
"GUIDE PRICE £600,000 - £650,000 ROOM FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY... This substantial detached house occupies a generous sized plot as it offers spacious accommodation both inside and out, making it the perfect purchase for any growing family looking for their forever home! This propert..."
"** BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME ** Reeds Rains are delighted to bring this grand family home to the market. Boasting with kerbside appeal, this property just keeps on giving! Comprising to the Ground Floor: Entrance Porch, Hallway, Dining Room, Lounge, Kitchen/Diner, Snug/Sitting Room, Conservatory, Uti..."
"GUIDE PRICE £600,000-£625,000* Looking for a stunning family home with plenty of space and privacy? Look no further than this magnificent five bedroom detached property located in the sought-after area of Long Eaton."
"PRICE GUIDE - £600-610,000 - This is an individual detached family home which was built approximately forty years ago by a local businessman and for the past 30 plus years has been lived in by the same owners. The property provides very spacious accommodation which includes a hallway, lounge/sit..."
Eight-unit mixed use development scheme
"Boasting a fantastic plot and great views in Burton Joyce, this large four bedroom detached home is perfect for any family.
Close to local schools, amenities and prime bus links whilst being surrounded by great areas for walking with family and pets. The front entrance comprises of a storm porch..."
"*Guide price of £600,000 - £625,000* Beautiful spacious detached property* Double fronted* Immaculately presented* Six bedrooms* Open plan kitchen/dining area* Desirable location* Close to local amenities and excellent transport links* Ample parking and detached double garage* Thre..."
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! A well-presented 2 double bedroom mid-terrace family home situated within easy commuting distance of the city centre and just a short walk from Mapperley's excellent range of amenities which include shops, bars, restaurants and frequent bus services to the city! The gr..."
"Located in the highly desirable village of Plumtree, this attractive detached cottage dates back to 18th century. Having been sympathetically extended there is a generous amount of living space with two reception rooms and four bedrooms to the first floor with two bathrooms."
5 BEDROOM DETACHED EXECUTIVE HOME | COMING SOON | BESPOKE OFF PLAN DEVELOPMENT OF 14 PROPERTIES | **All Images are for illustration Purposes Only** Plot 11 is situated at the end of the development in a corner position which sides onto open fields / woodland. This bespoke double fronted...
Rare opportunity to acquire a substantial plot and impeccably presented home in sought after area. Grand Designs opportunity. Veiwing highly recommended
"***No upward chain*** Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market 'Mill Cottage', a detached cottage set on a generous corner plot on a quiet street in Bradmore. Steeped in history and still boasting a wide array of original period features including fireplaces and beams, the pro..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £600,000 - £650,000 ROOM FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY... This four bedroom detached house occupies a generous sized plot boasting spacious accommodation well proportioned across two floors whilst benefiting from a range of beautiful features throughout including picture rai..."
"GUIDE PRICE £600,000 - £650,000 SUBSTANTIAL DETACHED HOME... This substantial sized detached house situated in a sought after location just a stone's throw away from Mapperley Golf Course, Gedling Country Park and the various other local amenities Mapperley has to offer. The pro..."
"GUIDE PRICE: 600,000- 625,000 STUNNING FAMILY HOME... We are pleased to present to the market this six bedroom detached house which not only offers spacious accommodation spanning across three floors but is presented to an exceptionally high standard, perfect for a range of buye..."
"Guide Price - £599,995 - £635,000 An impressive four bedroomed renovated Victorian semi detached property located on a corner plot on the highly desirable address of Henry Road. The property is set over three floors and has been recently upgraded to a high standard offering accommodation..."
"Situated in the highly sought after Park Estate, lying within 500 metres of the Nottingham's City Centre and its associated amenities."
"Riverside is a brand new, waterside development by Peter James Homes, consisting of 34 luxury apartments, split over 2 blocks. Apartment 13 is a three bedroom Penthouse situated on the third floor in Riverside 2, adjacent to the beautiful tree-lined entrance of the development."
A rare opportunity to acquire an individual and extended three bedroom detached house situated in a sought after cul-de-sac location within Attenborough village.
A charming 4 bedroom modern mews home nestling in the heart of The Park Estate. Offering 2007 sq ft of versatile accommodation over three floors.
"A superb city home providing generous and beautifully appointed accommodation, which has been recently refurbished to the highest standards"
"NO UPWARD CHAIN This modern four bedroom detached house will make the perfect home for any growing family. The property offers an abundance of space both inside and out whilst being exceptionally well presented. Situated in the highly sought after village location of Woodborough, which i..."
"**6 Bedroom Student Investment for Sale**Let for the 2023/24 academic year at a rental of £155 per person per week**Brand new development, with all bedrooms being en-suite**Offers in the region of £595,000**"
"Guide Price £595,000 - £625,000 Royston and Lund offer this fantastic Victorian Semi Detached property with off road parking to the sales market. Having been beautifully finished, this home is ready to move straight into for any perspective buyer. The property boasts perio..."
"A four/five bedroom detached family home offering spacious and well presented accommodation and found in a cul-de-sac location. With gas central heating and double glazing the accommodation comprises of a lounge, second sitting room, open plan living/dining kitchen, utility and ground floor w.c...."
An immaculately presented modern build four bedroom detached family home in a lovely quiet central West Bridgford location on an extremely desirable road. The property is flooded with natural light benefitting from a triple height vaulted ceiling with Velux windows above the staircase and landing...
"An extended four bedroom detached family home which benefits from a substantial private garden backing on to Harrisons Plantation Nature Reserve. The property briefly comprises of an entrance hallway, lounge/diner, kitchen/diner, orangery, utility, downstairs wc, four bedrooms, en suite and bathroom"
"Situated in this delightful conservation area known as Mapperley Park, nearby to some local amenities and within two miles of the Nottingham City Centre, an opportunity to acquire a five bedroom semi detached property spanning three floors. "
This is a rare opportunity to purchase what was originally a row of three cottages which were altered some years ago into two homes with the accommodation arranged on two floors. This is the first time these properties have been placed on the market for over 100 years and they are now being sold...
4 bedroom home featuring EXCLUSIVE designer kitchen with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and French doors. Open plan living and dining area with BI-FOLD doors. Main bedroom includes EN SUITE SHOWER ROOM. INTEGRAL GARAGE.
"Situated in this popular part of Wollaton with convenient access to Wollaton Hall & Deer Park & Fernwood Schools, this extended family home offers flexible accommodation over two floors, ideal for a large family, with five bedrooms to the first floor & three reception rooms to the gro..."
"An elegant bay fronted, four double bedroom period family home that has been extended to the side to create a fabulous kitchen diner with living space onto a lovely rear garden The property offers excellent proportions throughout with high ceilings, coving and the house benefits from wooden doubl..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £170,000 - £180,000 NO UPWARD CHAIN... This three bedroom end-terraced house offers plenty of space and potential throughout whilst being sold to the market with no upward chain, making it a great purchase for investors or anyone looking to turn a house into their p..."
"A superb extended detached family home in a popular location. Modernised to a very high standard with a stunning rear living kitchen, utility room, sitting room, four double bedrooms (originally five) and three bathrooms!"
"GUIDE PRICE £575,000 - £600,000. This detached family home is the perfect property, offering an abundance of space and room for all, it also sits on an incredible sized corner plot"
"The property is situated down a private road and the current owners have presented this property to the highest standard with orangery extension. The accommodation offer an entrance porch leading into a spacious hallway with bespoke staircase, ground floor WC, study with built in furniture, Moder..."
"This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a period cottage in the heart of Burton Joyce, which is circa 200-250 years old. The property comes with a spacious lounge with fireplace and adjoining second reception room, currently used as an office, also has the potential to be used as a fourth bed..."
"**Currently Producing a Gross Rent of £46,620 pa.**Comprising ground floor retail unit let at £6,300 per annum and 6 bedroom student flat producing £40,320 per annum**Offers in region of £575,000 sought for the freehold interest**"
"GUIDE PRICE £575,000 - £600,000 WALTON & ALLEN are delighted to present this BRAND NEW DETACHED HOUSE situated in the popular leafy suburb of MAPPERLEY with its range of boutique shops and bars. The development offers LUXURIOUS and HIGHLY VERSATILE ACCOMMODATION that is well proportioned througho..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £575,000-£585,000*** Benjamins are pleased to bring to the market this truly unique individually designed four bedroom detached home. The property is situated at the end of a private road in the sought after village of Ruddington. The property enjoys a spacious f (cont.)"
"Ashdale Gardens, Burton Joyce is a select development of just 11 bespoke properties, with an excellent choice of two to four bedrooms with a mix of houses and bungalows; something for everyone to consider. Lambley House is a Chevin Homes, individually designed four bedroom detached. A gr..."
"Ashdale Gardens, Burton Joyce is a select development of just 11 bespoke properties, with an excellent choice of two to four bedrooms with a mix of houses and bungalows; something for everyone to consider. Rufford House, is a Chevin Homes, individually designed four bedroom detached home..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £575,000 - £600,000 DETACHED BUNGALOW IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION... This substantial bungalow occupies a fantastic sized plot as it boasts spacious accommodation both inside and out whilst benefiting from a range of original features including stained glass windows, h..."
"A beautifully presented four-bedroom barn conversion in an exceptional village setting. Broad Oak Cottages is an attractive brick-built barn conversion in a stunning, village setting, benefitting from many character details including exposed beams and brickwork. It has been updated by ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £575,000 - £600,000 ROOM FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY... This traditional five bedroom detached house is situated in a sought after location within close proximity to a range of shops and eateries as well as great school catchments and easy commuting links via the A52, M1 an..."
" *Guide Price £575,000 - £585,000* BRAND NEW TO THE MARKET, A rare opportunity to purchase a highly versatile 4/5 bedroom property which occupies a generous plot with excellent communication links to Nottingham, Loughborough, the motorway network and East Midlands Airp..."
"Purplebricks is delighted to bring to the market this impressive detached property with large sweeping driveway and electric gates which gives the property privacy in a rual location. The property is located on the edge of Stoney Clouds Nature Reserve, giving access to countryside walks and stunn..."
"Ashdale Gardens, Burton Joyce is a select development of just 11 bespoke properties, with an excellent choice of two to four bedrooms with a mix of houses and bungalows; something for everyone to consider. Welbeck House is a Chevin Homes, individually designed four bedroom detached home...."
"This family home in the heart of Chilwell is extended, remodelled, and redesigned for the making of a great family home. This property has five bedrooms which includes one bedroom in the fully self-contained annexe which provides further space and versatility. Detached and four bedrooms in the ma..."
"Four bedroom detached home featuring open-plan kitchen, dining and family room with integrated appliances. Double height feature ceiling to hallway."
"5 bedroom home. OPEN PLAN living & dining. Main bedroom with EN SUITE. EXCLUSIVE DESIGNER KITCHEN, integrated appliances, BI-FOLD DOORS. DOUBLE GARAGE."
"Presented to an impeccable standard throughout & retaining some period features, this extended four bedroom home is situated on a choice plot with convenient access to Fernwood Schools & boasts three reception rooms, a modern fitted kitchen, modern fitted family bathroom, en-suite to the ..."
"Guide Price - £570,000 - £580,000 | A beautifully presented and thoughtfully extended, four bedroom detached, family sized home; set within this extremely popular village, close to a wide range of amenities. Bulcote is located on the edge of lovely countryside yet is a mere stroll away..."
Saint property services are pleased to bring to the market a rare opportunity in the heart of the picturesque South Nottinghamshire village of Tollerton. This three/four bedroom detached family home has been renovated and offers generous sized living accommodation and occupies a large plot with o...
A beautifully presented and well maintained four bedroom detached house with a driveway and double garage to the front and a private enclosed landscaped garden to the rear. An early internal viewing comes highly recommended.
A beautiful traditional detached property located in the delightful conservation area of Mapperley Park with easy access to the City Centre.
"Guide Price £550,000 to £565,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this four bedroom detached family home in West Bridgford. The property is situated on a generous plot with a double driveway, and is located within catchment area for highly popular local schools. <..."
"GUIDE PRICE - £550,000 - £575,000 SUBSTANSIAL DETACHED HOME... This four bedroom detached property benefits from being beautifully presented throughout with a fully integrated modern kitchen/diner, a stylish four-piece bathroom suite and a master suite complete with an en-suite ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £550,000 to £575,000 A stunningly beautiful period home that has been thoughtfully extended to include an annex; it perfectly blends classical features with contemporary flair. The property has generously sized accommodation over three floors, an attached annex with en suite..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this fantastic four bedroom family home situated in a highly sought after location adjacent to Wollaton Park. The property offers well proportioned living accommodation with a spacious traditional kitchen/diner which over looks the garden, utility..."
"GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £575,000. FHP Living are privileged to be offering for sale this immaculately presented four-bedroomed semi-detached property, located on one of the most sought-after roads in West Bridgford, only a short walk to the town centre shops, coffee bars and restaurants...."
"GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £575,000 PRESTIGE LIVING This stunning town house is one to view now, with views over the tennis courts, four bedrooms, two en suites, two balconies and spacious accommodation throughout this is the one you have been waiting for in the most prestigious location of The Park"
RENOVATED FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom detached house is a credit to the current owners as the property has been completely transformed to create a beautiful home anyone would be proud of as it has been fully renovated to include a loft conversion and work being carried out in every ...
"*** GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £575,000 *** JUST LOOK AT THAT GARDEN! *** Located in the highly sought after 'Moorgreen' area of Newthorpe, this deceptively spacious detached would make an exceptional forever family home. Features include 4 bedrooms, multiple reception rooms and an ext..."
"Guide Price £550,000 - £560,000 Beautifully Presented Property With Many Original Features!
The property benefits from off street parking , a landscaped garden to the rear and cellar providing plenty of storage and utility area.
Accommodation comprises ; Entrance hall , front reception room with..."
"Stunning Period Property With Fantastic Size Rear Garden!
This property boasts many original features including fireplaces, stained glass windows and picture rails, and in excellent decorative condition, making this an ideal choice for those looking for a more traditional home to make their own. ..."
"NO UPWARD CHAIN... This semi-detached house offers spacious accommodation whilst offering plenty of potential throughout and offering period features such as covings to the ceiling, feature ceiling rose, fireplaces and much more! The property also benefits from being sold to the market w..."
A beautifully presented individual extended five bedroom detached house with a deceptive and versatile interior.
"GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £575,000. A five-bedroom detached family home, nestled at the end of a private cul-de-sac in the quiet and picturesque area of Clifton Village. The property has been renovated throughout and is being sold with no upward chain and is ideal for fast movers, who are ..."
"GREAT-SIZED FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom detached house occupies a generous-sized corner plot as the property boasts spacious accommodation both inside and out whilst being sold to the market with no upward chain, making it the perfect home for any growing family. This property is si..."
"A spacious, extended five double bedroom detached house situated in a popular residential location close to a range of local amenities including Wollaton Hall and Deer Park. This fantastic property truly must be viewed in order to be fully appreciated."
"William H Brown are delighted to have this beautiful and unique family home on the market for sale. This four bedroom, semi-detached house that is set out over three floors, is perfect for modern day family living and is located within a short walk to West Bridgford's Central Avenue."
"An immaculate executive detached family house and original show home on a desirable development just off Spring Lane, with Spring Lane farm shop close by as well as a Sainsbury’s Local and Gedling Country Park. The property also occupies a corner plot with a detached double garage with ample park..."
A most attractive character barn conversion situated in this semi-rural village perfectly located for numerous amenities and excellent transport network. The property would ideally suit a commuter family wishing to escape to the country. The property boasts a number of genuine character feature...
An impressive and spacious five bedroom detached family home situated within a modern cul-de-sac just off Digby Avenue. The property also has a detached double garage with electric door and accommodation over three floors. Viewing strongly advised!
"Substantial Victorian 5 bed detached dwelling .Accommodation to 3 floors. 3 reception rooms, breakfast kitchen with integrated appliances, conservatory, 4 double bedrooms, family bathroom, shower room. Split level double garage with basement workshop. Ample parking for vehicles, caravan, motorhom..."
"GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £600,000. An immaculately presented detached cottage situated in the highly sought after village location of Woodborough and within close proximity of local pubs, a shop and well-regarded schools. To the ground floor the property boasts a good-sized lounge with an original ..."
"A FANTASTIC FOUR BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE IN NOTTINGHAMS PRESTIGIOUS PARK ESTATE, PACKED WITH A WEALTH OF FEATURES THIS AMAZING PROPERTY IS A MUST VIEW!! Guide Price £550,000-£575,000 Frank Innes are delighted to welcome to the market this prestigious four bedroom townh..."
"A recently built four bedroom detached family home in sought after Edwalton. The property is offered for sale with no upward chain and the accommodation consists of entrance hall, cloak cupboard, downstairs WC, home office, kitchen diner and living room. Master bedroom with en-suite, three bedroo..."
"An opportunity has arisen to purchase this freehold building in Radford that is currently arranged as 5 self-contained flats. The ground floor flat has its own entrance on Alfreton Road, with the remaining flats having a communal entrance on Thoroton Street. In total, there are three x 2 bedroo..."
"NO CHAIN! A fantastic two-bedroom apartment set in the stunning Nightingale House and situated within easy reach of the city and Mapperley’s excellent amenities. This penthouse apartment sits on the second floor with a private landing and boasts an entrance hall with intercom system, a well-lit o..."
"Guide Price: £550,000 - £575,000. This significantly extended Four Bedroom Detached family home could be perfect for you! Situated on a substantial sized corner plot, this property offers fantastic living space over two floors. Close to the thriving town centre of West Bridgford with ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £550,000 - £575,000. A deceptive three-storey detached family home which is full of character throughout, situated in the popular location of Gedling Village and within close proximity of well-regarded schools, local shops and also frequent transport links to the city centre. The prop..."
GENEROUSLY PROPORTIONED HOME * Modern Kitchen/Diner * UTILITY ROOM * Modern Bathroom and Shower Room * Double Bedrooms * FEATURE CURVED WALL TO REAR * Double Garage * Potential Of Further Development To Roof Space (subject to the necessary regulations and planning approval)
An attractive 1920s two bedroom detached bungalow offered to the market with the benefit of chain free vacant possession. Displaying fabulous potential in this extremely sought after residential location this great property is a rare opportunity.
"GUIDE PRICE: £550,000 - £600,000 DREAMY NEW BUILD... This stunning five bedroom detached house is exceptionally well presented boasting of modern spacious accommodation with high spec integrated appliances also benefitting from neutral décor spanning of luxury accommodation over..."
"** TRADITIONAL DETACHED HOME ** EXTENDED ACCOMMODATION ** 4 BEDROOMS, 3 RECEPTIONS ** ENSUITE & MAIN BATHROOM ** OPEN PLAN LIVING / DINING KITCHEN ** UTILITY & GROUND FLOOR CLOAKROOM ** GOOD LEVEL OF PARKING ** ESTABLISHED REAR GARDEN ** PANORAMIC OPEN ASPECT TO THE FRONT **"
An outstanding Victorian 3 bedroom semi-detached house with a loft conversion and impressive kitchen extension. Offering an appealing blend of original character complemented by high-quality modern fixtures and fittings the property is an excellent opportunity.
"This extended detached family home provides immaculately well presented accommodation arranged over three floors which includes an entrance hall, a lounge, a second reception room, an impressive open plan kitchen/living/dining space with patio doors opening to the rear garden, plus a utility room..."
"Guide Price £550,000 to £600,000. Benwell Daykin are delighted to offer this fantastic detached house which is a superb size at over 2200 SQ/FT and occupies a beautiful mature plot which is approaching a third of an acre in size. With some cosmetic updating it would make a fantastic home."
A fantastic opportunity for any developers currently looking for your next project!! Development Opportunity with Planning Permission Approval for Four Detached Bungalows - Call for further information
FOUR BEDROOM TOWN HOUSE on Tennis Mews. TWO EN-SUITES and MODERN THREE PIECE BATHROOM. IDEAL FAMILY HOME. OFF STREET PARKING VIA DRIVEWAY. EXCELLENT TRANSPORT LINKS Nottingham rail station LESS THAN A MILE AWAY.
"Guide Price: £550,000 - £575,000. Significantly Extended 4 Bedroom Detached oozing with character, boasting charm and style. Situated on a HUGE plot within a highly sought after Beeston location, this property has been happily lived in by its current owners, paving the way for its luc..."
"Guide Price £550,000-£580,000. A four double bedroom semi detached home perfectly placed only a 5-10 minute walk from Central Avenue. Boasting open plan living and generous proportions stretched across three storeys. This home is in catchment for Abbey Road Primary School a..."
"An elegant double bay fronted period family home that retains the beautiful original period features throughout. The property has a large modern kitchen diner, impressive front reception room, master bedroom with en-suite, three further bedrooms and a large modern family bathroom with separate wa..."
"PRICE REDUCTION! HMO OPPORTUNITY! This 6 bedroom mid-terraced unit is currently licensed and being used as an HMO property, currently, well-presented is the recently renovated HMO to a premium standard offering 6 lettable rooms with 3 additional shower rooms. The property is currently sold with ..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £550,000 - £575,000 AN ABUNDANCE OF SPACE THROUGHOUT... This four bedroom detached house would make the perfect home for any growing family as it boasts an abundance of indoor and outdoor space! This property is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in one of Nottingham’s..."
"A high quality tardis-like six bedroom, two bathroom, three toilet detached family house situated in this popular and established residential location. With gas central heating, double glazing, off-street parking and generous gardens to the rear. Ideally located close to shops, schools and tran..."
"Guide price £550,000-£595.000. A charming five bedroom Victorian semi detached house. Offering sizeable proportions throughout three storeys of family accommodation. In brief the accommodation comprises an entrance hall, spacious lounge, family room, a modern open plan kitchen di..."
ON LINE VIEWINGS -We are pleased to present for sale this stunning executive 5 bedroom detached family home with garage within a sought after location which comes onto the market with the benefit of No Upward Chain.
"The Chestnut is a superb double-fronted family home. The light and airy entrance flows well into a well-equipped kitchen/ diner with access to the garden. Taking in the remainder of the downstairs layout, this home offers a separate study for home working and separate sitting room. On ..."
"Guide Price £540,000 - £560,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this well appointed four bedroom detached family home in West Bridgford. Set back from the road on a generous plot with garden space on three aspects and a driveway large enough for several vehicles, as w..."
"The popular 'L' shape of this property means that both the living room and the kitchen/dining room provide direct access, though French doors, into the garden. The ground floor has the considerable benefit of an additional living space at the front of the home - for use as a play..."
"Guide Price £535,000 - £565,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this well appointed bay fronted period home in the highly sought after location of Lady Bay in West Bridgford. The property has been extended to the rear and has some stunning views out over the Hook and ..."
Two Storey Versatile Accommodation * Double Bedrooms * Two Bathrooms * Kitchen Diner * Living Room With French Doors * Garage * Landscaped Gardens
"6 bedroom HMO located in Lenton, within walking distance of Nottingham University, QMC and the city centre. Currently let for the 22-23 & 23-24 academic years."
"A five bedroom detached family home offering well presented and spacious accommodation, found close to local amenities, schools and transport links. With the benefit of gas central heating and double glazing, the accommodation in brief comprises of a hall, cloaks, lounge, kitchen, utility, dinin..."
This is a very impressive extended six bedroom individual detached home positioned towards the head of a quiet cul-de-sac in this popular residential location. The property is tastefully finished throughout and includes an extended hall with ground floor w.c. off and doors leading to the through...
"Guide Price £525,000-£550,000 Beautifully presented throughout, this extended family home is ideally located for The Bramcote School, Alexandrina Plantation & local commuter routes. Situated on a choice plot with landscaped gardens to the front & rear, this four double be..."
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! A beautifully-presented detached family home situated in a highly sought after residential location within easy reach of Mapperley's excellent range of amenities & the stunning Gedling Country Park. The property boasts a spacious lounge with French doors, modern dining..."
This is a four double bedroom detached house which is well positioned for easy access to excellent local schools and other amenities and facilities. The property includes a reception hall leading to a through lounge and the extended breakfast kitchen with there being a conservatory which can be ...
"A prestigious river-fronting Penthouse Apartment in this exclusive development by KMRE Group. Large roof terrace, high spec and wonderful views across the river Trent."
"Situated on popular Tattersall Drive within this prestigious location and affording a pleasant outlook from the property's front terrace, an opportunity to acquire a well presented three double bedroom home offering a modern interior together with spacious living. "
"Constructed in a traditional style, by reputable local builder A. Hinsley Ltd and blending seamlessly into the existing street scene, these two brand new semi-detached family homes are nearing completion and offer superb accommodation that is laid out over three floors. The light and generously p..."
"IDEAL FAMILY HOME with planning permission for further development to the rear, this four/five bedroom house sits in a highly sough after location with popular school catchment, an abundance of green open space and just a short walk away from a range of amenities!"
"Guide Price £525,000 to £550,000. Immaculately presented throughout, this extended four double bedroom home has a modern fitted dining kitchen, modern fitted family bathroom & a modern fitted en-suite shower room. For sale with no upward chain & ideally located for Wollat..."
"GUIDE PRICE £525,000 - £550,000 BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED FAMILY HOME... This four-bedroom detached house occupies a generous-sized plot, boasting spacious accommodation across two floors and is exceptionally well presented throughout, making this the perfect purchase for any growing fam..."
LOCATION LOCATION LOCATION. THREE BEDROOM DETACHED property located on Hambledon Drive. IDEAL FAMILY HOME with KITCHEN/DINER EXTENSION. BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED REAR GARDEN. Nottingham rail station LESS THAN THREE MILES AWAY.
"Penthouse apartment comprising of open plan kitchen/dining room with balcony overlooking the River Trent, two double bedrooms and family bathroom, also with allocated parking space, access to meeting rooms, gymnasium and concierge! The Yacht Club Riverside is a brand new waterfront de..."
William h Brown are delighted to welcome to the market Stanier Drive. A four bedroom detached family home which is in a sought after location of Edwalton. This property is situated in an ever growing area with amenities and schools close by.
"A four bedroom detached double fronted Victorian property which has been extended and offers spacious accommodation. With gas central heating and majority double glazing the accommodation comprises of a dining kitchen, lounge leading to conservatory, utility room, ground floor w.c. and study. T..."
"Guide Price £525,000-£550,000. An immaculately presented four bedroom detached property spoilt with space and location. This forever family home offers generous proportions throughout two storeys of family accommodation. Boasting modern open plan living, an ensuite to the master ..."
"Situated within Nottingham's prestigious Park Estate affording delightful views overlooking tennis courts, an opportunity to acquire a town house with the accommodation creatively arranged over three floors."
"Situated in the delightful Mapperley Park conservation area, an opportunity to acquire a property with the living space arranged over three floors."
"A modern take on a traditional design, this is a home you'll love coming home to. The front-facing living room is light and airy. The study takes the hassle out of working from home. The contemporary, open-plan kitchen/dining area is ideal for entertaining friends and family. †H..."
A fabulous three storey period home which must be viewed to be fully appreciated. 
Detached family home with open plan kitchen/breakfast and family room. Bifold doors lead to the turfed rear garden. Discover two distinctive double height ceilings to the dining room and and the landing.
"The Aspen's unique design features, teamed with a number of traditional touches, give this home its unique and instant appeal. The property has a stunning open plan kitchen with dining room where guests will enjoy taking drinks outside through the stylish bi-fold doors. A separate si..."
"The Chestnut is a superb double-fronted family home. The light and airy entrance flows well into a well equipped kitchen/ diner with access to the garden. Taking in the remainder of the downstairs layout, this home offers a separate study for home working and separate sitting room. On ..."
The Cutler benefits from an OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/family room with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES & FRENCH DOORS & CLOAKROOM. There are 3 DOUBLE Bedrooms & a single. SHOWER EN-SUITE to Bedroom 1. SINGLE GARAGE and off road parking.
"This extraordinary home features OPEN PLAN living, a kitchen with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES, and BI-FOLD doors. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE and BAY."
"Versatile 4/5 Bedroom Detached Family Home With Integral Garage and 3/4 Reception Areas, 2 Bathrooms and Downstairs Cloakroom w.c. With a Generous Rear Garden Located in This Desirable Area of Bramcote."
"SIX BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED VICTORIAN PROPERTY This 6 bedroom house is packed with period features and located in the sought after area of Mapperley Park.
This property is currently tenanted but can be sold with vacant possession"
"GUIDE PRICE: £500,000 - £550,000 PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... This four bedroom detached house benefits from the perfect combination of both new and original features including original chequerboard style tiled flooring, bespoke fitted shutters, handmade wardrobes and much more. T..."
GetAnOffer are offering this ATTRACTIVELY PRICED PROPERTY from a MOTIVATED seller to buyers that are in a position to purchase relatively quickly. This property has been PRICED to ENCOURAGE a QUICK SALE. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property for sale: Spacious Semi Detached House S...
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £525,000 Room For All the Family! This 6 DOUBLE bedroom TWO en-suite detached family home has it all! Its in a great location with a spacious family kitchen diner and Papplewick village on its door step!"
"GUIDE PRICE: £500,000 - £525,000 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION... This four bedroom detached house is situated in an enviable plot being tucked away in a sought after residential development surrounded by the peaceful countryside and having easy access to various amenities includ..."
"AUCTION SALE 18 April 2023 - FOR SALE VIA BAGSHAWS RESIDENTIAL AUCTIONS IN ASSOCIATION WITH BARNARD MARCUS AUCTIONS ON TUESDAY 18TH APRIL 2023 AT 9.30AM AT THE DE VERE GRAND CONNAUGHT ROOMS, 61-65 GREAT QUEEN STREET, COVENT GARDENS, LONDON WC2B 5DA. YOU CAN ALSO REGISTER FOR ONLINE BIDDING."
"GUIDE PRICE: £500,000 - £550,000 SOUGHT AFTER VILLAGE LOCATION... We are pleased to be bringing to the market this well presented five bedroom detached house situated in the highly sought after, award winning Woodborough Village with easy access to various schools, local ameniti..."
NO CHAIN * Galleried Living Room * FOUR STOREY VERSATILE ACCOMMODATION * Modern Kitchen Family Room * Utility Room * En-Suite * Garage
"GUIDE PRICE:- £500,000 - £550,000 STOP! You must not miss this property! Offered to Market with NO ONWARD CHAIN this fantastically presented property is right ready to move into. Finished to a high specification throughout, this property could be your next family..."
"LOVE IT..LOVE IT..LOVE IT! DETACHED HOUSE STUNNING SPACIOUS GARDENS, AMAZING FEATURES THROUGHOUT THIS PROPERTY! This stunning exceptional four bedroomed detached home has immediate kerb appeal from the moment you pull up outside and not only does it have ample off-street parking to the..."
"DETACHED COTTAGE, FOUR BEDROOMS, SPACIOUS GARDENS AND STUNNING ORIGINAL FEATURES THROUGHOUT THIS PROPERTY! This exceptional four bedroomed detached home has immediate kerb appeal from the moment you pull up outside with an amazing garden to the rear that you dream of, once you've ..."
"Guide Price £500,000 to £550,000. Benwell Daykin are delighted to offer this extended, detached bungalow which is in a fantastic location on desirable Kirk Lane, a short walk from the high street in Ruddington. With three bedrooms, two receptions and two bathrooms it ticks all the boxes..."
CHAIN FREE SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME - This immaculate five bedroom detached house is neatly tucked away in the corner of a cul-de-sac and offers a modern and attractive interior. There's a cosy lounge with a beautiful fire place and a light and airy conservatory with lovely views over the garden
"AUCTION SALE 18 April 2023 - FOR SALE VIA BAGSHAWS RESIDENTIAL AUCTIONS IN ASSOCIATION WITH BARNARD MARCUS AUCTIONS ON TUESDAY 18TH APRIL 2023 AT 9.30AM AT THE DE VERE GRAND CONNAUGHT ROOMS, 61-65 GREAT QUEEN STREET, COVENT GARDENS, LONDON WC2B 5DA. YOU CAN ALSO RE..."
"Rare Opportunity! This beautifully situated Grade II listed Georgian manor house provides great potential and living, this five/six bedroom 3627 square foot home is located on a larger than average plot. This property benefits from many period original features, large bedrooms, multiple reception..."
An individual three bedroom detached house in a delightful village edge setting on high ground with wonderful far reaching views across the village landscape and surrounding countryside to the south. 
"PRICE GUIDE £500-525,000 - Being situated at the head of a private drive, this individual detached property provides four double bedroom accommodation with an adjoining fully self contained one double bedroom annex attached. This spacious property includes a reception hall with ground floor w.c...."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - 530,000 *** Benjamins are welcoming this property in the heart of Wollaton, views right from the living room window of the stunning Wollaton hall and the deer roaming freely throughout the park! Picturesque as the views are, this three-bedroom detached pr (cont.)"
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £550,000. NO UPWARD CHAIN. A characterful, extended detached family home situated in the ever popular location of Alexandra Park which provides easy access to Nottingham city centre. The property boasts a good-sized lounge with a feature bay window, a versatile sitting room..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £500,000 - £525,000 SUBSTANTIAL FAMILY HOME... We are pleased to be marketing this fantastic-sized detached residence offering a wonderful family home of real quality. This property benefits from being improved over the years to create a home anyone would be proud ..."
"**FOUR/FIVE BEDROOMS** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this spacious, four/five double bedroom period home. A rare opportunity to purchase a substantial Grade II listed Georgian family home providing spacious family living accommodation. Located on Stragglethropre Road close to both Radc..."
"PRICE GUIDE: £500,000 - £530,000 Extended spacious four double bedroom detached house which is on an extensive plot with the potential to extend both sides and the rear. This particular residence is in need of some modernisation which has spacious rooms throughout incl..."
"GREAT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY... This mid-terraced house has previously been converted into two self-contained flats with full planning permission and signed off by building regulations, which includes extra insulation to external walls and sound-proofing between each flat. Both of them a..."
" **WHAT A LOCATION, WHAT POTENTIAL AND YOU WON'T BELIEVE THE SPACE INSIDE!** **GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £525,000** This amazing detached home offers so much potential and you'll be amazed with the amount of space assoon as you step inside! Upon ent..."
"Belvoir West Bridgford are delighted to be offering for sale this four double bedroomed detached family home situated on Greenwich Park Close in Compton Acres. Available with no onward chain, the property benefits from entrance hall, lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen, utility room, downstair..."
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £525,000 EXTENDED FAMILY HOME This generous sized home is ideally located within favoured school catchment and within easy access to a range of amenities and transport links. With two reception rooms, three bedrooms, en suite to master and extensive landscaped rear garden"
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £525,000 BURSTING WITH CHARACTER... This Victorian semi-detached house boasts spacious accommodation spanning across three floors whilst benefiting from a range of original features throughout including picture rails, ceiling roses, fitted cupboards and mo..."
"** GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £550,000** MODERN FAMILY HOME WITH SOUTH FACING GARDEN! This large FIVE BEDROOM detached home is in the extremely popular NG8 area and benefits from sitting on a larger than average plot and large windows allowing lots of light! The property..."
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000- £525,000. A well-presented four-bedroom period home, located in the centre of the highly sought-after Lady Bay area of West Bridgford, that has been upgraded and improved by the current owners. An excellent family home ready to move straight into with accommodation..."
"PRICE GUIDE: £500,000 - £530,000 An extended spacious four double bedroom detached house which is on an extensive plot with the potential to extend both sides and the rear. This particular residence is in need of some modernisation which has spacious rooms throughout i..."
"This spacious bungalow would make an ideal family home and situated in a large plot set back from the road and accessed by a gated private driveway. The accommodation offers large modern open plan kitchen, dining lounge area, separate living room with large feature fire place also accessed off th..."
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £525,000. Tristram's is delighted to welcome to the market this double-fronted detached Edwardian residence which provides spacious accommodation that is arranged on three levels, with many of its original features. With stained glass windows, original fireplaces ..."
"A five bedroom detached family home which has been extended and refurbished to a high standard. With gas central heating and double glazing the accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, open plan living/dining kitchen, snug, utility and ground floor w.c. To the first floor there are five bed..."
"Guide Price £499,950 - £535,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this four bedroom detached family home with a one bedroom attached annex in Gamston. The property has been developed over the years to create extra living space to accommodate a growing family and offers ..."
"For sale an exciting opportunity to purchase this extremely well maintained Victorian four bedroom detached house that is ideally situated in central Beeston. The property benefits from three reception rooms, off street parking and period features throughout including high ceilings, picture rails..."
ENERGY BILLS PAID for a year & flooring included * Double integral garage * Quiet cul-de-sac * Faces vast OPEN GREEN space * Large SOUTH facing garden * 2 bedrooms with en suite *
4 bedroom home features OPEN PLAN living with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and BI-FOLDS. Main bedroom has EN SUITE shower room.
"A four bedroom detached family home located in a cul-de-sac in Compton Acres, West Bridgford being sold with no upward chain. The property requires modernisation and refurbishment and has been priced accordingly. The property is situated within catchment area of some fantastic primary and seconda..."
"Luxurious three-bedroom apartment within the prestigious Mapperley Park Conservation Area. Forming part of Mapperley Hall, a Grade II Listed former Country House steeped in history, this first-floor apartment enjoys far reaching views, a wealth of period features, communal gardens and parking."
"NO UPWARD CHAIN - A well presented, three/four bedroom detached home that has been thoughtfully extended to offer an extremely versatile layout, to suit you. The property is located at the head of a cul de sac within this sought after village, just to the East of Burton Joyce. The..."
"Located a short walk to the pedestrian entrance to Wollaton Hall & Deer Park & enjoying views of the park from the first floor, this traditional bay fronted home has been extended to provide additional bedroom space whilst retaining some period features. Situated on a choice plot in this ..."
"Frank Innes have introduced to the market this stunning five bedroom detached house being sold with no onward chain. The property briefly comprises; An entrance hallway with storage cupboard and beautiful, reinstated wooden front door, Downstairs shower room, Lounge, Conservatory and Kitchen/Dine..."
"Extended to provide five double bedrooms, two en-suites, two reception rooms & an enlarged breakfast kitchen, this family home is conveniently located for Wollaton Hall & Deer Park, and Fernwood Schools. Impeccably presented throughout, with off road parking for several vehicles to the fr..."
"Guide Price £495,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to market this four bedroom detached property on Boxley Drive, West Bridgford. Entering through the hallway, there is access to the dining room, lounge and stairs leading to the first floor. Through the lounge and dining room is ..."
"This is an amazing opportunity to own a beautiful six bedroom student HMO near to the University of Nottingham and the tram stop. The property is conveniently located, offering easy access to all the local amenities. The property itself is spacious, with six large bedrooms, an open plan kitchen a..."
"Guide Price £495,000 - £525,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this recently refurbished four bedroom detached family home in Edwalton. The property benefits from ample off street parking to the front and is tucked away toward the end of the road on a lovely private ..."
"A spacious, four bedroom detached family home in the highly desirable suburb of Beeston. Occupying a generous plot with off street parking and a detached double garage."
"SUBSTANTIAL FAMILY HOME This extended four bedroom property offers separate annex space in a quiet cul-de-sac location, modern kitchen and bathroom and a versatile living space - an ideal purchase for any growing family"
"Situated in the highly regarded Park Estate, one of Nottingham´s most prestigious locations."
BEAUTIFULLY-PRESENTED THROUGHOUT... Prepare to be impressed with this detached house as it is a credit to the current owners due to being beautifully decorated and presented throughout whilst boasting spacious accommodation making it the perfect home for any growing family. This property...
"Outline Planning For Additional Dwelling For sale with no upward chain, this detached home has a larger than average plot with outline planning to build a detached dwelling to the side. Located conveniently for The Bramcote School, Alexandrina Plantation Nature Reserve & local commuter r..."
"An impressive five bedroom detached family home on a sought-after road just off Westdale Lane. The property has been extended and has a beautiful mature plot, garage with remote door and block paved frontage."
Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this beautifully presented executive four bedroom detached family home situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location. The property is immaculately presented throughout and viewing is highly recommend to fully appreciate the size and standard of accommodat...
Includes 12 month mortgage contribution worth £12000! 4 bedroom home features OPEN PLAN living with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and BI-FOLDS. Main bedroom has EN SUITE shower room.
"A well-presented 3 bedroom detached bungalow offered to the market with no upward chain, ideal for those looking to enjoy the benefits of single-storey living! Situated within walking distance of Mapperley Top's excellent range of amenities, the property comprises an entrance hall with cloakroom/..."
" Tristram's are proud to welcome this vastly extended five-bedroom house situated on a larger-than-average plot with reaching views of the local nature reserve. This property consists of an entrance porch, hallway, lounge through to an open plan living area, utility and WC on the ground floor. On..."
"***** GUIDE PRICE £490,000 to £500,000 ***** This attractive detached home is situated in the sought after and picturesque village of Woodborough, within easy reach of local facilities including two excellent pub/restaurants, a village shop, local church and primary school. Enjo..."
A first class detached family home in an enviable location convenient for Gamston amenities and schooling. 
"GUIDE PRICE £490,000 - £500,000 We are pleased to bring this beautifully-presented four-bedroom detached house to the market as it offers spacious accommodation across two floors, ideal for any family looking to move straight into their forever home. Situated in a sought-after residentia..."
"** GUIDE PRICE £490,000 - £500,000 ** Robert Ellis Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this OUTSTANDING FIVE BEDROOM, EXTENDED, DETACHED FAMILY HOME situated in MAPPERLEY, NOTTINGHAM. The home has undergone a large extension with modernisation throughout, allowin..."
"A spacious family home with 4 bedrooms, sprawling kitchen/dining/family room and distinctive architectural features."
"A spacious family home with 4 bedrooms, sprawling kitchen/dining/family room and separate study or play room."
"An extended three bedroom detached family house. Ample off street parking, car port and garage, fully fitted kitchen, large rear reception room providing a great social space. Ideal for families and commuters alike, viewing highly recommended. "
"Guide Price £489,000 to £520,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this recently refurbished four bedroom three storey semi-detached home in West Bridgford. The property is sold with no upward chain and is located within catchment area for popular local schools. "
"An extended, versatile and extremely well presented 4 bedroom detached house with garage and off road parking for several vehicles with further scope to extend with planning permission granted already for an en-suite bathroom and dressing room."
"This is an immaculately maintained and highly appointed four bedroom detached home positioned on one of the largest plots in the immediate area of Toton. The property is tastefully finished throughout and includes a reception hall with a ground floor w.c. off, lounge, separate dining room, an ex..."
For sale with no upwards chain an extended impeccably well-presented four bedroom semi detached house that is ideally located on this desirable sort after road in Beeston. The current home owners have taken great pride in refurbishing the property to a high standard throughout. The property benef...
What a versatile property! This home offers flexible living space over two floors. With a master bedroom suite including walk in wardrobe and four piece suite bathroom. With ample off the road vehicle hard standing and low maintenance garden at the rear. The property would make an ideal purchase ...
"FHP Living feel privileged to be offering for sale this commodious duplex apartment offering the sort of comfort and convenience that one would associate in a property of this calibre.
 "
"An immaculately presented, modern, detached residence situated right at the very heart of this extremely popular village. The property, boasts a versatile layout with up to three bedrooms, two en suites, and a separate shower room, that would accommodate a wide range of buyers. The property is ..."
"Guide Price £480,000 - £490,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this substantial five bedroom semi-detached home in West Bridgford. The property has been extended to the rear to create an open plan family area and is situated within catchment area for some fantastic local..."
Plot 123 * WEST facing garden * Cul-de-sac position * Spacious DOUBLE bedrooms with en suite & wardrobes to master bedroom * Stunning OPEN PLAN kitchen / dining / family area * Garage *
"For sale an extremely well presented and maintained three bedroom detached house ideally located in a cul-de-sac location which is conveniently situated for local shops, fantastic transport links such as tram and bus, excellent local schools and plenty of amenities. The property has been extremel..."
"A spacious, detached three bedroom family home requiring modernisation in a sought after village location. Generous plot with off street parking and double garage."
"*** Stunning plot with River in garden - A MUST SEE *** Nestled in the ever sought after area of Papplewick, this spacious four bedroom detached home is more than ideal for any family. Boasting a brilliant plot with spectacular views this home sits close to local schools (three schools within a..."
JUST WOW!!! THIS STUNNING FIVE BEDROOM IS A MUST VIEW! THE PROPERTY IS PACKED WITH FEATURES AND OFFERS SPACIOUS ACCOMODATION IN SOUGHT AFTER MAPPERLY! Frank Innes are delighted to welcome to the market this spacious five bedroom semi-detached house which has a very well thought out la...
"A substantial and extended Langridge Homes, five bedroom, three bathroom, four toilet detached family house, positioned in this quiet, yet established cul de sac location. G.c.h., double glazing, off-street parking, integral garage and generous enclosed garden space. Ideally suited for a growin..."
**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - PLANNING PERMISSION GRANTED** Sold by Modern Method of Sale Unique investment opportunity. Located close to Nottingham City Centre and only a short walk to the tram network. For Sale are four individual units three 2 bedroom house and a Two b...
"NO UPWARD CHAIN! A spacious and thoughtfully extended family home, situated in the highly sought after village of Woodborough. The property enjoys stunning views of the surrounding countryside and is within close proximity to well-regarded schools, two pubs and the village shop. The property ..."
**DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY** Consisting of a stunning four bedroom detached home in the 'heart of Hucknall' and a 612sqm parcel of land. Offers are invited on this superb development site for just 2 houses with each planned property having approx. 111sqm of space internally. Lapsed planning was...
**DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY** Consisting of a stunning four bedroom detached home in the 'heart of Hucknall' and a 612sqm parcel of land. Offers are invited on this superb development site for just 2 houses with each planned property having approx 111sqm of space internally. Lapsed planning was ...
"An immaculate detached family home in a private cul-de-sac position with impressive open front views, four double bedrooms, two en-suite's, stunning kitchen diner with breakfast area extension and a separate utility room!"
"An extended, detached family home situated in Gedling Village within close proximity of excellent amenities, frequent bus routes and well-regarded schools. The property boasts a very spacious lounge with French doors, sitting/dining room with a unique bar area, dining kitchen with a range of unit..."
"Sixth floor apartment comprising of open plan kitchen/dining room with balcony overlooking the River Trent, two double bedrooms, family shower room and en-suite, also with allocated parking space, access to meeting rooms, gymnasium and concierge The Yacht Club Riverside is a brand new ..."
"Situated within the highly regarded conservation area of Mapperley Park is this spacious detached bungalow with a double garage and three well-proportioned bedrooms. The property is also in a cul-de-sac position and is for sale with no chain. Good sized entrance hallway with cloakroom/WC, spaciou..."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire a totally refurbished 4/5 bedroom detached house with garage and parking for 3/4 cars located on the highly popular Torvill and Dean estate and in the Fernwood School catchment area.
"A beautiful Victorian house. Presented in good condition throughout and with easy access to Beeston town centre and transport links including the tram for Nottingham. Close by are nature walks at Attenborough Nature Reserve, and a short trip to Wollaton Park and University Park. "
"This detached family home provides well presented and versatile accommodation that will suit the needs of any growing family! Originally a four bedroom home, the property has been reconfigured to provide accommodation arranged over two floors including an entrance porch, an entrance hall..."
"GUIDE PRICE - £475,000 - £500,000 BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME IN SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION... This four bedroom detached house is a credit to the current owners as the property is constructed to an exceptionally high standard and offers impeccably appointed accommodation, which will no do..."
"**Guide Price £475,000 - £485,000** This extended detached family home provides spacious and well presented accommodation arranged over two floors which includes an entrance hall, a living room with patio doors opening to the garden, a dining room, a modern fitted kitchen, a utility room..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £475,000 - £500,000 *** THE FAMILY HOME YOU'VE BEEN WAITING FOR *** Occupying a prime position in the sought after 'Mornington' area of Nuthall, this 4 bedroom detached home has the benefit of spacious rooms, favoured school catchments & easy access to the M1 mo..."
"IMAGINE WAKING UP TO THESE VIEWS! Just Move are delighted to bring to the market this three bedroom detached property situated in a popular area of Nuthall. The property, which has had a significant single storey extension, benefits from three bedrooms, a lounge, a reception room, a large kitchen..."
"Guide price £475,000-£500,000. A charming four bedroom semi detached property perfectly placed in the heart of Lady Bay. This elegant Victorian property is not only spoilt with location but with generous proportions throughout three story’s of family accommodation. On..."
Benjamins are pleased to welcome to the market this beautifully extended three bedroom detached family home in the heart of a well sought-after village of Tollerton on Bentinck Avenue. This property benefits from a beautiful extension to the rear creating an open plan kitchen dining and livi (cont.)
"Guide Price £475,000-£500,000. A charming three bedroom detached home perfectly placed in the sought after location of West Bridgford. This property is spoilt with vast potential to truly create a forever family home in one of the most desirable school catchments in the area. On ..."
"Guide Price Range £475,000 - £500,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this immaculately presented and completely refurbished four bedroom semi-detached Victorian home in Lady Bay, West Bridgford. The property benefits from accommodation over three storeys and is locat..."
"A generously sized, three bedroom, detached bungalow. This wonderful property is located toward the head of this extremely popular cul de sac within this much sought after village. Burton joyce enjoys a wealth of amenities including popular schools for all ages of children, shops and great eate..."
"* Guide Price £475,000 - £495,000 * LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION AND LARGER THAN AVERAGE PLOT! Imagine having Colwick Country park not only on your doorstep, but, at the bottom of your garden! This large four bedroom detached house is situated in a quiet and highly des..."
"ONE OF A KIND & READY TO MOVE INTO! This 3 bedroom bungalow located in the desirable area of Woodthorpe has been FULLY REFURBISHED from top to bottom, creating a fabulous spacious home renovated to a very HIGH SPECIFICATION. "
*New build* Four bedroom detached* Double garage *Popular location* Close to excellent transport links* Easy access to local amenities* Open plan kitchen/dining area* Parking for two cars* Secure rear garden* Please call now to arrange a viewing* 
FIELD FARM - PHASE 2. **REARSBY** 1725sqft Developed by Peveril Homes. Show homes due for opening in Spring 2023. Viewings and further information via Robert Ellis Stapleford - .
"Purplebricks are delighted to offer this rare opportunity to purchase a SIX bedroom detached home which is more than perfect for any large family, nestled in the heart of the Mornington Crescent estate. Sitting on the prime bus links, close to local pubs/restaurants and amenities and in walking..."
"GUIDE PRICE £470,000 - £495,000 A generously sized, five bedroom detached home that has been extended to create a substantial family home; located centrally within this extremely popular village. Burton Joyce has a wealth of 'family friendly' amenities including schools, shops, regular ..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this substantially extended, double fronted detached family home, situated in sought after West Bridgford School catchments and with potential for further extension stpp. The accommodation comprises in brief; entrance hall, refitted kitchen, two spacious recep..."
"Guide Price £470,000 to £480,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this well positioned four bedroom detached family home in Edwalton that is sold with no upward chain. The property is located within catchment area for popular local schools and backs onto the Alford Ro..."
An attractive 1930s built four bedroom detached house on a generous plot displaying great potential for further extensions (subject to the necessary consents).
"£10,000 CONTRIBUTION offer * Flooring & Appliances included * Ready to move in now * 2 bedrooms with en suite * Large master bedroom with dressing area * OPEN plan kitchen / dining *"
"Royston & Lund are pleased to offer this modern, extended detached home in Lady Bay, West Bridgford which is situated in a popular residential location and has amenities including shops, restaurants and bars on the doorstep! Entering the property you are greeted by a welcoming entrance h..."
We are pleased to offer for sale this extended 3 bedroom detached home located on a double width plot with scope to extend ( subject to the necessary planning approvals ) and with generous landscaped gardens.
"ARE YOU LOOKING FOR YOUR NEXT FAMILY HOME? - This immaculate property is ideal for a family and is in superb condition. Having been extended there's spacious dining/family room which has French doors which open on to the garden which enjoys a southerly aspect, ideal for the upcoming summer months."
"Extended and refurbished to an impeccable standard throughout, this three bedroom family home is located within walking distance of Wollaton Hall & Deer Park's main entrance and is also conveniently located for Fernwood Schools."
"A beautifully presented and thoughtfully extended, four bedroom , substantial detached residence; located within this extremely popular and sought after cul de sac location. The property offers great accommodation for the family and benefits from being extremely close to a wide range of family f..."
4 bedroom home features OPEN PLAN living with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and BI-FOLD doors. The main bedroom includes EN SUITE.
Escape from the hub of your home the Master bedroom benefiting from a dressing area and designer ensuite.
"GUIDE PRICE £460,000 - £480,000!! Situated in a sought after location this beautifully presented four bedroom, two bathroom detached home is on a generous plot and has a stunning landscaped garden to the rear! Viewing is advised to truly appreciate this stunning home"
"An immaculately presented three-storey, extended detached family home situated in the highly sought after location of Woodthorpe with excellent amenities only a short distance away! The property boasts a good-sized lounge with a bay window, versatile sitting area with the facilities for a wall mo..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this simply stunning five bedroom property which has been renovated and extended to a exceptionally high standard. Boasting an impressive family bathroom, master en-suite and downstairs w/c, along with utility room and open plan kitchen. Through ..."
"Plot 95 - Build complete and ready to move into! Four bedroom newly built town house with open plan kitchen living space, enclosed rear garden and roof terrace, parking, 10 year warranty. Offering easy access to City, West Bridgford and transport links"
"Situated in the sought after area of Watnall, this charming four bedroomed detached family residence really has so much space on offer. The accommodation comprises; large and welcoming entrance hall, downstairs shower room and w.c., large L-shaped lounge with dining area, fitted kitchen utility room"
"GUIDE PRICE £460,000 - £480,000 Royston & Lund are pleased to bring to the market an immaculately presented four bedroom detached family home situated within easy reach of West Bridgford's excellent amenities. The amenities include local supermarkets, gyms, well-regarded schools and rest..."
A two bedroom first floor retirement apartment with a west facing balcony overlooking the Tennis Courts suitable for the over 60's in this purpose built development which is conveniently placed for West Bridgford Town Centre and within access of Nottingham City Centre via public transport. <...
"Prepare to be impressed! Extended & refurbished to a high standard throughout, this impeccably presented home is conveniently located for Fernwood schools, Wollaton Hall & Deer Park & Bramcote Lane shops & amenities. Boasting an extended & re-fitted open plan kitchen, din..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £455,000 - £475,000. Tristram's are proud to present this beautifully positioned detached family home boasting period features, located on a generous plot with gardens to front and rear. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hallway, cloaks/WC, fitted kitchen over..."
"Family life is made simple in The Blyth, a traditional-looking home with contemporary features and a practical layout. The lounge, utility room, hall and cloakroom make up the ground floor with the combined kitchen and dining area, which has French doors opening out to a private garden when yo..."
MUST BE VIEWED! If you're looking for your next family home set in the heart of Hucknall then look no further! This beautifully presented FIVE bedroom detached home has plenty of space for all the family and a beautiful south facing rear garden perfect for those warmer months!!
" Benjamins welcome to the market this magnificent two bedroom detached barn conversion located in the highly sought after village of Gotham with great transport links to East Midlands park way, East Midlands Airport, and M1. Refurbished to a unique standard, the property briefly (cont.)"
"*** LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION! *** Occupying a superb spot on one of the most desirable streets in the area, this detached family home in Watnall is sure to be popular, so book your viewing before it's too late!"
"***GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £465,000*** An extended and well proportioned four bedroom detached house with the benefit of off road parking, a sunny south facing rear garden and a light and airy versatile living space, well placed for local shops, schools and transport links. This property..."
Rare opportunity to acquire a freehold development site situated close to the town centre of Kimberley.
"BRAND NEW TO THE MARKET, a beautiful family home, located in great spot for commuting to city centre! This property which was built in 2014, is split over 3 floors, comes with a driveway for off street parking and a generous sized garden On entering the property there is a spacious hallway,..."
"Being Sold by YOPA Online Auction. Starting Bids from £450,000. Buy it now option available Please call or visit YOPA Online Auctions for more information"
"Penthouse apartment comprising of open plan kitchen/dining room with balcony overlooking the River Trent, two double bedrooms and family bathroom, also with allocated parking space, access to meeting rooms, gymnasium and concierge! The Yacht Club Riverside is a brand new waterfront dev..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £450,000 - £475,000 NOT TO BE MISSED... This substantial detached house is situated within Gedling Village, which is a much loved and sought-after residential area to the east of Nottingham and has great access into the City Centre, a range of local amenities on you..."
"Elizabeth Gardens... An amazing development of beautifully designed and crafted three and four bedroom detached bungalows for sale in Hucknall, Nottingham. Book a viewing today, to avoid disappointment!"
"This is a traditional detached house which provides four double bedroom accommodation which is positioned on one of the largest plots in the area. The property offers spacious accommodation which includes a reception hall, inner hallway, extended lounge, separate dining room, kitchen which is fi..."
This is a unique chalet style detached property which provides spacious three double bedroom accommodation with a large detached garage/workshop and snooker room positioned at the rear. The property is being sold with no upward chain and with the large outbuildings would be an ideal home for a c...
A prestigious and highly regarded private estate. 
"If You're Looking FOR AN ECO-FRIENDLY And HIGHLY ENERGY EFFICIENT, IMMACULATE Property Then Look No Further! *large living dining kitchen * utility room * three double bedrooms* , master with en-suite and Juliet balcony* a further single cot room/office* VIEWINGS ESSENTIAL* "
*** SIMPLY STUNNING *** This modern detached home is beautifully presented throughout and is 'turn key' ready for buyers looking for a long term family home.
"*** GUIDE PRICE £450,000-£465,000 - INVESTMENT OPPTUNITY *** Robert Ellis are pleased to bring to this market this substantial extended detached Victorian building situated in MAPPERLY which offers scope to divide into several self-contained apartments subject to receiving the relevant ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom detached house boasts spacious accommodation both inside and out whilst being exceptionally well-presented, making it the perfect home for any family buyer.. This property benefits from being recently r..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £450,000 - £475,000 A BEAUTIFUL HOME WITH A SWIMMING POOL... We are pleased to be marketing this four bedroom detached house as it is beautifully presented whilst boasting spacious accommodation both inside and out, making it the perfect home for any family buyer lo..."
"Guide Price £450,000-£475,000. This 4-bedroom detached property is a true gem, offering spacious living, a stunning landscaped garden and ample parking. Give us a call 24/7 as we can't see this hanging around for long!"
NO ONWARD CHAIN Royston and Lund are pleased to market this detached bungalow in the village of Bradmore. The property benefits from off-street parking accessed via electric gates and is located within easy access to the A60 and A52. The property is entered into the lounge whic...
"**OFFERS INVITED £450,000 ** ** IDEAL EXTENDED FAMILY HOME ** Robert Ellis Estate Agents are proud to bring to the market this OUTSTANDING FIVE BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED WITHIN ARNOLD, NOTTINGHAM."
"**ATTENTION INVESTORS** This five-bedroom HMO property spread over three floors is a must view for investors in the sought after location of The Park! Within a close proximity of Nottingham City Centre, Nottingham University, Nottingham Trent University, Queens Medical Centre, shops an..."
"A four bedroom new build detached house due to be completed 2021 which is to be built to high specification. The property will briefly comprises of entrance hall, cloaks, w/c lounge, kitchen/dining room with bi-fold doors over looking the rear garden and the open views to the rear, and util (cont.)"
"SPACIOUS DETACHED HOUSE... We are pleased to present to the market this spacious detached home which is exceptionally well-presented and offers spacious accommodation spanning across three floors, allowing the new buyers to drop their bags and move straight in! Situated close to a range..."
Three Storey * Traditional Features * Utility Room With WC * Bay Fronted Living Room * Open Plan Kitchen Dining Room * Garden Room * ANNEX * No Chain
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 Royston & Lund are pleased to present this traditional style, extended three bedroom semi-detached house in the heart of West Bridgford's ever growing amenities including pubs, bars, well-regarded schools and frequent transport links to Nottingham city cen..."
"Rare Opportunity! Tristram's is pleased to welcome to the market this beautifully renovated, high-spec five-bedroom house situated in this sought-after Bramcote location. With gas central heating, double glazing, ample parking, a garage and a large family bathroom with an additional ensuite to ma..."
"Backing onto the River Leen and having established mature gardens full of wildlife, this extended traditional style three bedroom detached home has lots of original character and charm and must be viewed to be fully appreciated."
Positioned on the edge this delightful conservation area known as Mapperley Park
"Guide Price £450,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this five bedroom detached family home in Wilford. The property would benefit from renovation throughout and offers scope for development to add value. Situated on a generous plot with off street parking & a garage ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 Situated in a delightful cul-de-sac, this immaculate four double-bedroom detached house includes an ensuite and a main family bathroom, an integral garage, and off-street parking. It is conveniently located within walking distance to transport links and amenities."
"GUIDE PRICE: £450,000 - £500,000 GREAT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY... This semi-detached house contains three self-contained flats that are all fully let making them a great investment opportunity for new and experienced investors alike looking for a property to add to their portfoli..."
"STOP! DO NOT MISS THIS PROPERTY. Bairstow Eves are delighted to offer to market this beautifully presented four bedroom, extended, end of townhouse. Situated in Gamston, this property is a stones throw away from The Avenue in West Bridgford, Holme Pierrepont and Morrisons. The pr..."
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £500,000 BEAUTIFUL HOME IN SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION... This four bedroom detached house is situated in the beautiful village of Ruddington, an area desired by many families who come here for the excellent schools and relaxed lifestyle. The property is positio..."
"Guide Price £450,000 to £500,000. Benwell Daykin are delighted to offer this beautiful family home which is in a fantastic location overlooking a small park and is offered to the market with no onward chain."
"GUIDE PRICE: £450,000 - £475,000 PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... We are pleased to present to the market this immaculate detached house as it benefits from being finished to a high-standard throughout offering a range of modern fixtures and fittings including smart-app controlled cen..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £450,000 - £500,000 GREAT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY... This semi-detached property would make an ideal purchase for any new or experienced investors looking for a property to add to their portfolio as it is being sold with six sitting tenants and with no upward chain. ..."
"HMO ALERT! GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 INVESTORS DELIGHT This Victorian semi detached house spans over four floors and enjoys 8 bedrooms. Located in a sought after location that is within close to proximity to Nottingham City Centre and local transport links to Nottingham University"
"STEP INSIDE AND BE PREPARED TO BE WOWED! THIS STUNNING SIX BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE IN A HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION IS A MUST VIEW! Guide Price £450,000-£475,000 Frank Innes are delighted to welcome to the market this fabulous six bedroom townhouse. This fantastic pro..."
"A four bedroom detached family home offering extended accommodation which is immaculately presented throughout. With gas central heating and double glazing the accommodation comprises of a hall, lounge, separate dining room, open plan breakfast kitchen, utility, ground floor w.c. and to the firs..."
"A substantial attractive 1930's three/four bedroom detached family house positioned in this highly desirable residential location. With gas central heating from combi boiler, double glazing, ample off-street parking, generous mature gardens, spacious conservatory come family room with multi fuel..."
"Situated on a private plot of 0.14 acre is this extended four bedroom detached family home. Offering spacious ground floor living, en-suite to master bedroom, ample parking, garage and large rear garden. Close to schools and local amenities and good transport links. Viewing recommended."
"This bay fronted traditional house has already been extended and offers great potential for further extension or loft conversion (subject to planning). The accommodation offers a spacious entrance hall, bay fronted dining room, spacious living room, extended open plan kitchen diner with quality f..."
"A tastefully extended three DOUBLE bedroom semi detached home on a popular residential road close to Hucknall Town Centre. Perfect for growing families with a large rear garden, off road parking and two large reception rooms! A simply must view property!"
"This is a spacious period property which is currently used for office suites arranged on three levels, but now has the necessary permission to convert into three high quality apartments or it could be changed back into a single property. The property is positioned on a large plot with a landscap..."
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000-£475,000. David James are pleased to present this immaculately presented, extended detached family home situated in a cul-de-sac within the ever popular village of Burton Joyce. The property boasts a modern open plan living/kitchen area with a feature centre island, versatile..."
"Robert Ellis are pleased to be instructed to market the first property being built by MG Ward Buildings Ltd at Wilne Close, Sawley. This particular plot will be ready for occupation during 2023 and at present there will be the opportunity for interested parties to be involved with the fittings a..."
Victorian Charm set in the heart of Mapperley This double fronted Victorian detached home sits in the heart of Mapperley within walking distance to Mapperley top. The property has been renovated by the current owners and is screened from the roadside by large timber gates giving priva...
"The Wyatt, a stunning four bedroom detached home with a garage, driveway parking and a great rear size garden. Internally, this property comprises of an OPEN PLAN kitchen / family dining area and en suite to the master bedroom. "
"Centrally located and offering amazing potential to create a bespoke family home, this detached property set within mature gardens and a generous plot is now available to view by appointment only. With no upward chain and flexible accommodation, this property is likely to appeal to a wid..."
"An unusual opportunity to acquire a large and spacious three bedroom, two bathroom detached bungalow sitting on a generous overall plot size of circa 0.49 acres. With dual gated driveways, integral double garage and generous gardens to both sides and the rear. In need of some general modernisat..."
"**A MUST VIEW** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this well presented FIVE bedroom semi-detached family home situated within a very popular residential location having fantastic transport links to Nottingham City Centre. Situated close to local schools, shops and bus links this ideal family ho..."
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £475,000 An extended five bedroom detached family home offered to the market with no upward chain and situated within easy reach of a variety of local schools and bus services to the city centre. The ground floor accommodation comprises an entrance hall, cloakroom/WC, versa..."
"Nestled in the heart of Nuthall, this four bedroom detached family home is perfect for any family looking for plenty of living space, multiple bathrooms and something ready to move straight into! Only minutes from the A610/M1, Phoenix park tram stop and prime bus links making it easier for the c..."
"GUIDE PRICE £450,000 - £500,000 SPACIOUS DETACHED BUNGALOW... This detached bungalow occupies a generous sized plot offering and an abundance of indoor and outdoor space making it the perfect home for a range of buyers including any growing family or anyone looking to downsize w..."
"Overlooking lush green space, with further views out over Nottinghamshire. Flooring, electric charging point and landscaped garden included. Escape from the hub of your home the Master bedroom benefiting from a dressing area and designer ensuite."
"An impressive detached family home located in this popular part of Wollaton, ideally located for Wollaton Hall & Deer Park & for sale with no upward chain. Fitted to an impeccable standard throughout, this four double bedroom home has a re-fitted en-suite shower room, modern fitted kitche..."
*Five bedroom semi detached property* Spacious family home* Desirable location within Bramcote* Offering excellent transport links* Within catchment for both Fernwood and Bramcote Schools* Close to local amenities* Private rear garden* Driveway and garage* Please call now to arrange a viewing*...
"GUIDE PRICE £440,000 - £450,000 A four bedroom detached family home offering spacious and well presented accommodation in this sought after location within the catchment of Grange Primary School. With gas central heating and double glazing the accommodation comprises of a hall, ground floor w.c...."
"SUPERBLY PRESENTED first floor, two bedroom apartment with a WALK-OUT BALCONY enjoying STUNNING VIEWS ACROSS THE RIVER. The apartment has an ALLOCATED CAR PARKING SPACE. The development offers EXCELLENT COMMUNAL FACILITIES including on site restaurant, library, roof top terrace, function room and..."
"Impeccably presented throughout, this extended family home is situated on a larger than average plot with a beautifully presented landscaped garden to the rear & a re-fitted dining kitchen. Ideally located for Wollaton Hall & Deer Park, Fernwood Schools & local commuter routes, this i..."
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! An immaculately presented and recently extended 4 bedroom detached family home which is testament to the current owners. Built in 2021 and with the benefit of the remaining new-build warranty, this property must be viewed to fully appreciate the accommodation and outsi..."
"An impressive detached family home which has been extended & refurbished to a high standard throughout retaining some period features. Located ideally for Wollaton Hall & Deer Park, Fernwood Schools & local amenities, this three-bedroom home also has two reception rooms & an impre..."
"A four bedroom detached family home offering extended accommodation and found in this sought after location. Benefiting from gas central heating and double glazing, the accommodation comprises of a porch, hall, cloaks/w.c., lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility and to the first floor four bedroo..."
"Ref: JA0120  NO UPWARD CHAIN Extended to the rear with an orangery and glass roof lantern, this exceptionally finished detached family home has everything. Air conditioning fitted to three bedrooms and a newly installed kitchen and breakfast island featuring marble work surfaces and ..."
"For sale with no upward chain this beautifully presented and extended family home has 3 double bedrooms, open plan living/kitchen/dining and 2 further reception rooms, plus cloakroom w.c downstairs. Garage and drive with enclosed rear gardens."
"Immaculately presented throughout this extended four bedroom detached home benefits from stylish features such as underfloor heating & brand new landscaped garden. The property is situated in the popular area of Stapleford close to local shops, amenities, schools & local transport links. ..."
"* PLOT 16 COMES WITH £10,000 CASHBACK * Beautiful family home with 17FT lounge, kitchen/diner, LAUNDRY ROOM, EN-SUITE & DRESSING AREA to principal bedroom, GARAGE."
"STUNNING VIEWS This well presented home boasts accommodation spanning over three floors and abundance of space on offer whilst sitting in a fantastic location within close proximity to local amenities, transport links and schools. View now before it is too late"
" **** PLOT 238 MOVE IN FOR FEB 2023 ****5 Bedroom Detached House With single integral garage, driveway for additional parking and rear garden Lounge, kitchen/dining with French doors to garden, utility, cloaks, en-suite and bathroom. Many Additional Extras "
"A new build three storey townhouse that is beautifully presented throughout and boasts a good size South West facing rear garden. The size of the property is impressive at over 1292 square feet. The accommodation consists of entrance hall, fabulous kitchen diner and living space with separate uti..."
"**STUNNING FAMILY HOME, MUST VIEW PROPERTY!!** Four bedroom detached family home, offering spacious living accommodation throughout. The property has been modernised throughout to a high specification, it offers a newly fitted open plan dining kitchen, converted garage and landscaped rear garden..."
"We are delighted to bring to the market, this individually designed home which offers flexible and well thought out accommodation and is situated in an area very popular with families. In the style of a converted barn, to honour the historic properties which the development replaced, the..."
"*£12,000 worth of INCENTIVES* The Wilton, a stunning three bedroom, three bathroom detached home. Sitting on 1311 SQFT, The Wilton takes the space of a four bed home and shares it amongst three."
"£15,000 TOWARDS YOUR MOVING COSTS + £8,766 worth of home upgrades | IDEAL FOR LARGE FAMILIES | This 6 bedroom home features a modern UPGRADED kitchen, FLOORING INCLUDED, a dining room with FRENCH doors onto the garden and a SPACIOUS lounge. There are FOUR double bedrooms, including THREE with EN ..."
"***NO UPWARD CHAIN** This well presented detached family home provides accommodation arranged over three floors which includes an entrance hall, a lounge, a fitted dining kitchen with a range of built in appliances and French door opening to the rear garden, plus a utility room, and a wc..."
"SUPERBLY PRESENTED two bedroom retirement apartment with a WALK-OUT BALCONY enjoying STUNNING VIEWS OVER THE RIVER IN BOTH DIRECTIONS. The development offers EXCELLENT COMMUNAL FACILITIES including on site restaurant, library, roof top terrace, function room and communal lounge where SOCIAL EVEN..."
"Nestled in the corner of a quiet cul-de-sac sits this modern, extended detached bungalow which benefits from a stylish family dining kitchen with bi-fold doors to the rear garden, in addition to a lounge, four bedrooms and a modern bathroom with separate shower. The accommodation also has the pot..."
"MUST BE VIEWED This detached home is well-presented throughout and offers spacious accommodation and ample storage space. Situated in the popular location of Watnall hosting a range of shops, schools and transport links into the City Centre. The ground floor comprises of an entrance hal..."
*** PRICED TO SELL! DON'T MISS OUT! *** This stunning five bedroom modern home is located on an increasingly popular development in the sought after village of Watnall. The property itself is nestled away at the end of a private drive yet the location is ideal for access to the A610 & M1 m...
Plot 124 * WEST facing garden * Stunning open plan kitchen / dining / family area * Feature bay window to lounge * Four spacious bedrooms * En suite & wardrobes to master bed *
"ENERGY BILLS PAID for a year * Desirable corner, cul-de-sac position * Lounge looks onto large open green * Stunning open kitchen / dining / family * En suite & fitted wardrobes to master bedroom *"
"Four bedroom home featuring open plan kitchen, dining and family room with integrated appliances and separate utility room with plumbing for washing machine and dryer. Master bedroom with designer ensuite with double shower."
"£425,000. An immaculately presented, recently extended, detached family home situated in Bakersfield and within close proximity to excellent amenities. The property boasts a good-sized lounge with a walk-in box window, spacious dining/sitting room with bi-fold doors and access to a recently fitte..."
"Impeccably presented throughout, this detached family home has been refurbished to a high standard to include a re-fitted dining kitchen& luxury style re-fitted family bathroom. Conveniently located for The Bramcote School, Alexandrina Plantation nature reserve, Bramcote Lane shops & amen..."
"*** Stunning plot, Stunning views and a fantastic family home*** Nestled in the heart of Linby, this stunning four bedroom detached home boasts a fantastic plot and views for miles. Only minutes from local schools, amenities, restaurants and prime bus links whilst being surrounded by great area..."
"GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £450,000 WALTON & ALLEN are delighted to present this BRAND NEW DETACHED HOUSE situated in the popular leafy suburb of MAPPERLEY with its range of boutique shops and bars. The development offers LUXURIOUS and HIGHLY VERSATILE ACCOMMODATION that is well proportioned througho..."
"Being situated on this most sought after road in Bramcote, this detached three bedroom property has been upgraded by the current owners and is now being sold with the benefit of no upward chain. The property is tastefully finished and has floor coverings throughout and includes a fully enclosed ..."
"Benjamins are pleased to welcome to the market this stylishly four bedroom semi detached home situated within the sought-after village of Tollerton, which has a number of small local shops, popular primary school, public house and regular transport. In brief the accommodation compri (cont.)"
"GUIDE PRICE: £425,000 - £450,000 NO UPWARD CHAIN... This high-spec detached house boasts spacious accommodation spanning across three floors whilst being exceptionally well-presented throughout and sold to the market with no upward chain, making it the perfect home for any growi..."
"PART EXCHANGE CONSIDERED An attractive 18th Century cottage near the centre of the village. The property is structurally detached, with a great-sized rear garden and a large modern garage with a driveway. Four bedrooms, family and en-suite bathrooms, three reception rooms and a lovely modern brea..."
"Guide Price Range £450,000 A Victorian family home with many period features situated in a much sought after residential road within access of West Bridgford Town Centre. The property offers versatile living accommodation over two storeys and is within catchment area for some fantastic ..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £425,000 - £450,000 PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... With this substantial four bedroom detached house as it boasts spacious accommodation both inside and out whilst benefiting from being exceptionally well-presented and decorated, making it the perfect purchase for any g..."
"SPACIOUS SEMI-DETACHED HOME... Guide Price £270,000 to £280,000 This semi-detached home is well-presented throughout whilst also benefiting from spacious accommodation, making it an ideal purchase for a range of buyers. This property is situated in a popular location of Beeston, jus..."
"A very deceptive detached family house in a desirable location about a quarter of a mile from Mapperley's main shopping area. The accommodation is over four floors and has a lovely family garden, high quality solar panel system and a brilliant multi-use lower ground floor with snug area, bar and ..."
INVESTMENT PURCHASE! An amazing opportunity for a buy-to-let student investor to acquire a substantial mid terraced licensed HMO on the outskirts of the city centre and only a short walk from the university. The property comprises four double lettable bedrooms across 3 storeys with a further comm...
"A tardis-like spacious and extremely well presented four bedroom double fronted detached family house sitting on a generous overall plot with parking to the front and rear, gas central heating from combination boiler, double glazing and detached double garage to the rear. Ideally located close t..."
This is an individual four double bedroom detached house located on a quiet road which is close to many local amenities and facilities with the Long Eaton train station only being a few minutes walk away. The property is tastefully finished throughout and being entered through a stylish front do...
"GUIDE PRICE: £425,000 - £475,000. A stunning EXTENDED, DETACHED family home occupying a large CORNER PLOT within a popular highly sought after location in Sherwood, Nottingham. A desirable location within walking distance of Sherwood high street whilst enjoying the p..."
Large 4 Bedroom Detached property on a small developmentNot overlooked Fully enclosed Garden
"Beautifully presented and extended 4 bedroom semi detached house with garage located in this very popular area of Bramcote and in the sought after school catchment for Bramcote Hills school which is Ofsted outstanding. The accommodation offers: Entrance hall, extended open plan lounge/dining/kitc..."
SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom mid-terraced house would make the ideal purchase for any family buyers as the property offers spacious accommodation and ample storage space spanning across the three floors whilst also benefitting from being well-presented throughout. Situated i...
***** NO UPWARD CHAIN ***** FHP Living are pleased to offer for sale this well-presented bungalow situated on a corner plot. 
"***SOMETHING FOR EVERYONE*** If you're looking for a versatile home to suit all, look no further than this deceptively spacious 3/4 bedroom detached house. Call our team today to arrange your viewing!"
A beautifully presented 3 bedroom detached family home in the heart of the desirable village of Burton Joyce. This property sits on a great plot enjoying far reaching views and is within easy walking distance to all the village amenities. 
This double fronted period detached home is positioned on a popular road within Mapperley and is a beautifully presented family home which is currently producing an income from a basement that is currently rented out at £875 pcm along with £1500 per annum income from the solar panels....
"NO CHAIN! A stylish, characterful barn conversion with the original wooden beams situated in Gedling Village and within easy reach of excellent local amenities. The property boasts an impressive entrance hall with gallery landing, good-sized lounge/dining room with French doors, ground floor show..."
"A surprisingly spacious modern four bedroom detached family home, two en-suites, underfloor heating, contemporary landscaped rear gardens, cul de sac location, great for families and commuters alike. Viewing recommended."
"An extended, detached family home situated within easy reach of local supermarkets, frequent transport links to Arnold & the city centre as well as well-regarded schools. There's a good-sized lounge with bay window, a versatile sitting/dining room, stunning dining kitchen with a range of units an..."
"A substantial, 3 bedroom detached with planning permission for ground floor extension, large private rear garden, additional area of land, off road parking for several vehicles and garage.Comprising:- Two reception rooms, conservatory, dining kitchen, cloaks/w.c, 3 bedrooms, bathroom & shower room."
"Situated in this sought after location on the Mornington Estate and peacefully nestled in a cul-de-sac setting, this four bedroom detached home requires early viewing. Briefly comprising of a spacious, contemporary kitchen/diner, lounge with patio doors to the rear garden, ground floor w.c., mast..."
This is a very large Victorian house offering well cared for accommodation which is arranged on three floors and with three reception rooms and seven bedrooms lends itself to a large/extended family or somebody who is looking for a substantial property which can be turned into an HMO. Benefiting...
"Small retail and student accommodation investment for sale. Current income £40,815 per annum. ERV £43,500 per annum"
"WOW WHAT A GARDEN !!!!! At the far end is a stream making this already fabulous garden even more idyllic. This Detached Chalet Bungalow stands on a very generous plot OVERLOOKING FIELDS in Papplewick which is a HIGHLY DESIRABLE, BEAUTIFUL & CHARMING VILLAGE a stones throw from Papplewick Tra (cont.)"
"GUIDE PRICE: £425,000 - £450,000 GREAT-SIZED FAMILY HOME... This three bedroom detached house will make the perfect home for any growing family as it occupies a generous-sized plot featuring a single-storey extension and many significant upgrades whilst being well-presented thro..."
"LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION GUDIE PRICE - £425,000 - £450,000 This impressive five bedroom home sits within close proximity to Wollaton Hall & Deer park with accommodation spanning over three floors and a high specification throughout this is the home you have been waiting for"
"NO CHAIN! A beautifully-presented substantial 4 bedroom detached bungalow in the highly sought after village of Calverton, ideal for those seeking the advantages of single-storey living! The reception space comprises a fantastic spacious lounge with a feature fireplace, a stunning conservatory wi..."
"Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this beautifully presented, detached, four bedroom family home on a recently built development in the highly sought after village of Ruddington. The property benefits from off street parking and a garage to the front and is situated within catch..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this executive four/five bedroom detached family home. The property sits in a quiet cul-de-sac location and has a double storey extension to the rear, with three reception rooms, master bedroom with a dressing room and en-suite, ample parking, gar..."
"Guide Price £425,000-£450,000. An immaculately presented three bedroom detached property spoilt with location. Boasting modern open plan living, an ensuite to the master and being situated within some of the most desirable school catchments in the area. On entry you are welcomed ..."
"THIS INDIVIDUALLY BUILT BUNGALOW IS A MUST VIEW OFFERING A WEALTH OF FEATURES AND BENEFITTING FROM NO UPWARD CHAIN! GUIDE PRICE £425,000-£450,000 SOMETHING SPECIAL!.. With just one glance at this magnificent three bedroom bungalow, you will be head over heels! Th..."
" Benjamins are pleased to present to you, this four bedroom detached family home situated in desirable village of Ruddington. In brief the accommodation comprises: entrance hall, downstairs WC, living room, dining kitchen, conservatory, four bedrooms with en-suite to the master and a (cont.)"
"18 Whites Croft offers the market a superb opportunity to purchase a detached family sized property, in a delightful cul-de-sac setting benefiting from greenbelt land to the rear. The property is positioned at the end of cul-de-sac with a driveway for off street parking, single integral..."
"GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £450,000 STUNNING FAMILY HOME A beautiful light and natural four bedroom detached home that offers an abundance of space throughout whilst being within close proximity to Broxtowe Country Park and shops"
"Strike is pleased to present this property in Nottingham. This is a STUNNING, very appealing FOUR-bedroomed detached house occupying a sought-after position close to popular local schools and all local amenities. PERFECT FAMILY HOME!! The property (in short) comprises a spacious&nbs..."
"Guide Price £425,000 - £435,000. This well presented and spacious, four bedroom, detached house with plenty of off-road parking on the drive and in the integral double garage, is located on a no through road in well established, friendly, neighbourhood. Northolt Drive ..."
"**** GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £435,000 **** Thomas James are delighted to offer this extended detached family home to the market. The property provides spacious accommodation arranged over two floors which includes an entrance hall, a w/c, a lounge/diner, and a dining kitchen with..."
"A recently renovated four bedroom detached house situated within this quiet cul de sac and sought-after catchment location. With gas central heating from combi boiler, double glazing, off-street parking, reduced size integral garage and enclosed rear garden. Ideally location close to shops, sch..."
"A must for any family...
Sitting in the heart of Hucknall on a quiet close this spacious five bedroom detached home is perfect for any large family. Only minutes from local schools, amenities and the town centre, whilst offering easy access to prime bus and tram links and M1/A610 - making it eas..."
"Guide Price £420,000 Bairstow Eves are excited to introduce to the market this beautiful and spacious detached family home situated in the popular location of Aspley. Benefitting from reception hallway, living room, dining room, downstairs toilet, snug and a large stun..."
"**ATTENTION INVESTORS** This five-bedroom semi-detached HMO property in the popular Lenton area is a MUST VIEW for investors! Within a close proximity of Nottingham City Centre, Nottingham University, Queens Medical Centre, shops, and local amenities along with transport links in and a..."
"The Edlingham is an impressive five-bedroom detached home. An open-plan kitchen/dining/family room has double French doors to the garden. There’s a lovely living room, utility room, storage cupboard, downstairs WC and integral garage. Upstairs are five good-sized bedrooms - bedroom one is en suite."
" **NO CHAIN** Benjamins welcome to the market this three bedroom fully refurbished detached family home which provides accommodation arranged over two floors. The Property briefly comprises; entrance hall, WC, living room, breakfast kitchen diner and utility to the ground floor, (cont.)"
"GUIDE PRICE £415,000 to £425,000 - In a highly desirable area in Sherwood and within walking distance of local shops, bars and restaurants, this spacious property has undergone an extensive refurbishment and has a stunning open plan kitchen/family/dining area."
"Was £425,000 now £415,000 For sale with no upward chain, this impeccably presented family home has been refurbished throughout to a very high standard & is conveniently located for Bramcote Lane shops, Wollaton Hall & Deer Park & Fernwood Schools. An open plan living ..."
"Extended & refurbished throughout, this detached home is located on a corner plot & boasts a re-fitted kitchen which is open plan to the breakfast room & study room, re-fitted bathroom, re-fitted shower room, 24 ft living room, five bedrooms & a detached garage. Offering flexible ..."
"An immaculate four bedroom detached family house within a very popular development just off Spring Lane, close to Gedling Country Park, local surrounding countryside and easy access to Mapperley and the city!"
"Phase II Three bedroom town houses priced from £415,000 - With stunning finishes and specification, open plan kitchen living space, enclosed rear garden, front and rear balcony, parking, 10 year warranty and ready to move into Summer 2023!"
"A Four bedroom detached family home located in a private cul-de-sac position. With an en-suite to the master bedroom, THREE reception rooms, freestanding double garage and a private and enclosed rear garden. Well placed for local shops, schools and transport links and readily accessible for the ..."
"Guide Price £410,000 - £425,000 ** No Onward Chain ** A modern three/four bedroom family home in Edwalton. The property benefits from versatile living accommodation and is located within catchment area for popular local schools. Entering into the hallway, we have access into th..."
"A lovely modern detached house with four bedrooms & three bathrooms, tucked away at the end of a shared private driveway within a popular development just off Mapperley Plains. There's a Sainsburys Local just around the corner and the popular Spring Lane farm shop just minutes walk away, with the..."
"Are you looking for a spacious family home ready to make your own? This four bedroom detached home is situated on the ever-popular Pennyfields Estate and is perfect for family living. Boasting a recently fitted modern kitchen, spacious living accommodation and four well proportioned bedrooms, you..."
"A five bedroom extended detached family home with a ground floor bedroom, shower room and utility/kitchen, ideal for an elderly relative or teenager. With gas central heating and double glazing the accommodation comprises of a porch, hall, ground floor w.c., lounge, dining room, kitchen, bedroom..."
"AVAILABLE TO RESERVE!!! Willoughby Gardens in Wollaton by Swan Homes. Willoughby Gardens is a development of 2, 3 and 4 bedroom homes built to the highest specification, located in the desirable village of Wollaton, Nottingham. The development is conveniently located within walking di..."
"freckleton brown are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached house having double glazing, under floor heating to the ground floor and gas central heating to the first floor. The current owners have made some improvements on the design and given the property a large kitchen/din (cont.)"
"PRICE REDUCTION! HMO OPPORTUNITY! This 5-bedroom mid-terraced unit is currently licensed and being used as an HMO property, currently, well-presented is the recently renovated HMO to a premium standard offering 5 lettable rooms with an additional shower room and WC. The property is currently sol..."
"Your Move are pleased to market this well presented 3 bedroom family home located in the beautiful village of Wollaton, ideally located for Fernwood School, with garage and has planning permission for an extension to the side and rear. With Wollaton Park a short walk away with its lake, walks an..."
ENERGY BILLS PAID for a year * Appliances included * Quiet cul-de-sac with large OPEN GREEN to the front * Generous south facing garden * 2 bedrooms with en suite * Open plan kitchen / dining area *
"An extended and well presented three bedroom detached family house situated in Wollaton near Wollaton Hall and Deer Park. Also popular for Fernwood and Middleton Schools, local amenities including public transport into Nottingham City Centre and access to the A52."
"This detached, four bedroom, family home is a must view. Offering spacious accommodation, the key features are the stunning kitchen and bathroom and the large conservatory. The property comprises of porch, welcoming entrance hall, large lounge/diner, kitchen, conservatory and WC to the ground f..."
"Spacious OPEN-PLAN kitchen with FRENCH DOORS to the garden.  En suite main bedroom and 2 further double bedrooms. Offering flexibility - turn bedroom 4 into a HOME OFFICE. family bathroom. Driveway parking for 2 cars.
Plot 198 | The Haversham | Beeston Quarter
 
Ideally located just a short drive..."
"An Extended 3 Bed Detached House With 3 Reception Areas, Breakfast Kitchen and Useful Garden Office/Games Room Located in The Highly Popular Area of Wollaton Village. "
"The Colston is a 4 Bedroom Detached House With a Large Kitchen, Diner living room with French doors to the garden. Large Family Lounge Master bedroom with En-suite Garage Parking for two cars. Fully enclosed garden with fencing to all sides."
"GUIDE PRICE £405,000 - £420,000 ** MUST VIEW ** ** IDEAL FAMILY HOME ** Robert Ellis Estate Agents are delighted to bring to the market this fantastic FOUR bedroom, detached family home in the heart of Arnold, Nottingham. The property is located on a LARGER than average corner plot. Acco..."
"The Colston is a 4 Bedroom Detached House With a Large Kitchen, Diner living room with French doors to the garden. Large Family Lounge Master bedroom with En-suite Garage Parking for two cars. Fully enclosed garden."
This is an individual detached bungalow situated on a large plot which since being originally constructed was extended to the rear to provide an independent living area for an older relative. The property would now benefit from being altered to improve the use of the living space provided and to...
"Tristrams are pleased to welcome this corner plot situated four-bedroom detached family home, with ample parking, three/four reception rooms, and an added cloakroom/WC with four bedrooms and ensuite to the master, a converted integral garage with dynamic use and walled-in rear gardens with a pati..."
MODERN DETACHED FAMILY HOME... This modern detached home is as good as the day it was built with the property being beautifully presented throughout and offering spacious accommodation making it the perfect purchase for any family buyers looking to move straight in! This property is sit...
"GUIDE PRICE : £400,000 - £450,000 STUNNING DETACHED BUNGALOW... This three bedroom detached bungalow is exceptionally well presented throughout as well as plenty of spacious open plan living, perfect for any growing family. The property benefits from an array of modern features ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000. A well-presented, fully modernised, extended detached family home situated within a popular residential location in Bakersfield. The property has a pleasant lounge, good-sized dining/sitting room, useful office, modern kitchen with integrated appliances and a grou..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £400,000 - £425,000 COMPLETELY RENOVATED THROUGHOUT... This three bedroom detached dormer bungalow is a credit to the current owner as the property has been transformed to create a stunning home anyone would be proud of with work being carried out in every room at n..."
"*GUIDE PRICE £400K TO £450K** BRAND NEW TO THE MARKET, being sold with NO UPWARD chain.  A GREAT FAMILY HOME, located within a quiet cul de sac, with ample off street parking and corner plot, this house give plenty of extra land with potential to build a garage/ small house..."
PLENTY OF POTENTIAL This beautiful Victorian home offers up to five bedrooms and two en suites and offers an abundance of period features sitting in a prime location within close proximity to Nottingham City Centre and transport links
"Guide Price £400,000-£425,000 An impressive detached family home which retains period features, this three double bedroom home has a modern fitted kitchen, family bathroom & an en-suite shower room. Located a short walk from Fernwood Schools & ideally located for Wollaton..."
"A fine example of a detached dormer bungalow with versatile, deceptively spacious & well presented accommodation throughout. Burton Joyce Primary School, local amenities, countryside walks & transport links all close by. Lovely west-facing private rear garden, driveway & detached garage. No Chain."
"Guide Price - £329,950 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this four bedroom link detached home the heart of West Bridgford. The property benefits from off street parking, a car port and is sold with no upward chain. Situated within catchment area for popular local school..."
"Guide Price £400,000-£425,000. Welcome to your dream home in the heart of Beeston! This stunning 3-bedroom detached property is a rare gem in one of the most sought-after locations in town."
*** FANTASTIC FOREVER FAMILY HOME *** Properties rarely come up for sale in this sought after quiet cul-de-sac in the area of Kimberley.
Well kept 2 Bedroom Detached Bungalow with garage and parking for several vehicles located in the highly popular area of Bramcote Hills.
"Guide Price - £400,000- £425,000 ROOM FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY... This six-bedroom detached house occupies a generous-sized plot boasting spacious accommodation well proportioned across two floors with the potential to become an ideal home for any growing family. There are many char..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000. An immaculately presented, link-detached family home situated in a quiet cul-de-sac and within easy reach of ample amenities in the popular Mapperley Plains area. The property boasts a spacious lounge, useful dining room, modern breakfast kitchen with integrated a..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £400,000 - £420,000 THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom detached house will make the perfect home for any growing family as it benefits from having the winning combination of excellent downstairs and upstairs space whilst being well-presented throughout. Th..."
"ONE OF A KIND! GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £450,000! This five bedroom Victorian semi detached with an independent basement located in Mapperley Park is ideal for any family looking for a house with character paired with a modern finish"
"PERFECT FAMILY HOME... We are pleased to present to the market this beautifully presented four bedroom detached home that also benefits from spacious accommodation throughout and still being under it's new build guarantee. It is situated in a newly built development, within close proximi..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000 STUNNING EDWARDIAN HOME This beautiful four bedroom home offers a perfect blend of modern & traditional features situated in a fantastic location within close proximity to a vast range of local amenities. This home is a must view!"
"NO UPWARD CHAIN... GUIDE PRICE - £400,000 - £430,000. This three bedroom detached house is situated within a highly desirable location and has easy access to the centre of West Bridgford, which is host to a range of excellent amenities and facilities together with direct access into..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000 THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This four-bedroom detached house boasts spacious accommodation spanning across three floors whilst being exceptionally well-presented and ready for you to drop your bags and move straight into. This property is situated..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN *** Benjamins welcome to market this four bedroom detached family home situated in this sought after village of Bunny. The property has a generous hallway and briefly comprises; breakfast kitchen, utility, living room and dining room to the ground floor. To the (cont.)"
"A sizeable three bedroom detached bungalow in a prime location with ample off-street parking, garage and good sized gardens backing onto fields. Ready to move into with NO CHAIN. Close to local amenities and good transport links. Viewing highly recommended."
" ***MUST BE VIEWED *** TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK! IMMACULATE SPACIOUS 4 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME - NOT TO BE MISSED, MUST BE VIEWED! Modern high specification kitchen with dining area, good sized living room, downstairs W.C. 4 good size bedrooms wi..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000- £425,000
IMMACULATELY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT is this four bedroom energy efficient detached dormer bungalow tucked away on a quiet road in Hucknall. Offering plenty of parking, garage and private sunny rear garden along with four well sized bedrooms and 2 en suites."
"A very spacious extended detached family home in a highly regarded location! Good access to main road links, reputable schools and both Mapperley & Arnold are within easy reach. And a new roof in 2018 with the remainder of a 10 year guarantee!"
* Period Property Spanning Three Floors with Period Features * Driveway With Off Road Parking * Open plan Kitchen/Family Room * Lounge * Dining Room * Ground Floor WC * Utility * En-suite Shower Room * Enclosed Rear Garden 
"This modern semi detached home provides spacious accommodation arranged over two floors which includes an entrance hall, a lounge, an open plan kitchen/living/dining area with a range of built in appliances and two sets of French doors opening to the rear garden, plus a wc on the ground floor, wi..."
"Asking Price £400,000 This four bedroom three storey HMO property in the popular Lenton area is a MUST VIEW for investors! Within a close proximity of Nottingham City Centre, Nottingham University, Queens Medical Centre, shops, and local amenities along with transport links in an..."
"Perfect for younger families, this larger than average semi-detached property offers spacious accommodation across two floors with scope to extend (STPP), with off-road parking and garage."
An attractive and traditional extended three bedroom detached house available to the market with chain free vacant possession. Displaying fabulous potential for the incoming purchaser to upgrade and re-model to their taste and requirements.
A superb example of a 1960s detached dormer bungalow with deceptively spacious accommodation including three reception rooms & three double bedrooms. The property has been in the ownership of the same family since it was built & has a stunning view over the Trent Valley. Sold with no onward chain.
This FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED property is situated on a small modern development. The spacious accommodation benefits from UPVC DOUBLE GLAZING and GAS CENTRAL HEATING along with enclosed rear garden and driveway to the front. Viewing is essential.
"Plot 30 - Located at the award winning innovative Trent Basin development. A stunning three storey home with 3 bedrooms, ensuite to main bedroom and additional family bathroom. Impressive expansive wrap around roof terrace, open plan Kitchen / Diner and additional Lounge both with patio doors."
"*GUIDE PRICE £400,000 to £425,000*Detached bungalow* Beautifully presented and fully renovated throughout* CHAIN FREE* Three bedrooms* Two shower rooms* Open plan kitchen/dining area* Bi-Folding doors to rear garden* Highly desirable location* Excellent transport links* Large drive..."
"Bairstow Eves are delighted to offer this incredibly rare, detached, ""upside down"" family home in the lovely village of Burton Joyce to the open market. The entrance level of the property consists of:- entrance porch, living room, kitchen, dining space, balcony, utility, WC,..."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000 SPACIOUS DETACHED BUNGALOW... This two-bedroom detached bungalow would be the perfect home for anyone looking to downsize without compromising on the space, the property also benefits from being well-presented throughout. It is situated in one of ..."
"FANTASTIC-SIZED FAMILY HOME... This three bedroom detached house occupies a generous-sized plot boasting spacious accommodation both inside and out with the added benefit of a separate annex featuring an en-suite, making it a great purchase for any growing family looking to move straight..."
"** MUST VIEW ** IDEAL FAMILY HOME ** Robert Ellis Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this OUTSTANDING FOUR BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED IN BASFORD, NOTTINGHAM. Upon entry, you are welcomed by the hallway, enclosed lounge, open plan kitchen diner with..."
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! A 4 bedroom extended detached family home in the ever popular Gedling, situated within easy reach of excellent local amenities, a variety of schools and frequent bus services to Nottingham city centre and the surrounding areas. Downstairs, there's an entrance hall with..."
"For sale with no upward chain, this three double bedroom home is ideal for a purchaser wishing to make further improvements to their personal taste & extend, subject to the necessary planning consents. Located conveniently for Bramcote Lane Shops & amenities, Alexandrina Plantation nature..."
"Guide Price £400,000-£425,000. Modern family living at its best, with 4 spacious double bedrooms finished to an exceptional standard. Give us a call 24/7 to arrange your viewing as this stunning semi-detached in the heart of Chilwell is the one you've been waiting for!"
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £450,000 FAMILY IN MIND This beautifully presented extended three/ four bedroom home offers and abundance of space and quality, sitting in a highly sought after location with a range of amenities and excellent schools close by. This home is a must view!"
"A MUST VIEW!! A FABULOUS THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED WITH PARKING FOR SEVERAL CARS, GARDEN & PLANNING PERMISSION GRANTED FOR AN EXTENSION!! Frank Innes are delighted to welcome to the market this fabulous three bedroom semi-detached house which has a wealth of features which make i..."
"Riverside is a brand new, waterside development by Peter James Homes, consisting of 34 luxury apartments sitting on the banks of the River Trent. Apartment 26 is a spacious two bedroom apartment on the first floor with the added benefit en-suite bathrooms and dressing rooms to both of the double ..."
"Built in 1912 and occupied by the same family since 1956, this sale presents the perfect opportunity for a buyer to stamp their own mark on an attractive semi-detached house, in a particularly popular neighbourhood that lies within walking distance of the busy centre of Beeston. The house has a..."
"An extended detached home that sits in a quiet no through road and provides really good accommodation, with the potential to extend further, subject to the required approval being obtained. The house has a large hall and an ""L"" shaped lounge and dining room, with the remaining ground flo..."
"A well presented and spacious four double bedroom detached house with the benefit of ample off road parking, a garage and a private and enclosed rear garden well placed for local shops, schools and transport links. This property is considered a rare opportunity and an early internal viewing come..."
"Guide Price - £400,000 - £425,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom detached family home in West Bridgford. Situated on a highly sought after road within catchment area for popular local schools and with potential to add value. The property benefits f..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000*** Benjamins welcome to the market, this immaculately presented, versatile 3-4 bedroom detached home nestled in a quiet cul-de-sac, situated in the sought-after South Nottinghamshire village of Gotham. The property briefly comprises; entrance hall (cont.)"
"Welcome To Larkspur Drive, Ruddington. William H Brown West Bridgford are delight to off this newly built, detached, three bedroom home for sale. The property would make the ideal family home, call the West Bridgford Office now to arrange a viewing!"
VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! A beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home within easy reach of Mapperley's excellent range of amenities including schools and frequent bus services to Nottingham City centre. The ground floor comprises of an entrance hall with cloakroom/WC and internal ...
If you're looking for your next family home in Bestwood Village then this spacious four bedroom detached home on Broad Valley Drive could be everything you're looking for! Call today to arrange your viewing.
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000! PERFECT FAMILY HOME! This four bedroom family home will tick all of your boxes! On lovely plot this property has an en-suite to the master, kitchen diner and lounger diner so there is room for all the family!"
"A FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY TO ACQUIRE AN INDIVIDUALLY BUILT TWO BEDROOM BUNGALOW ON A SIZEABLE PLOT IN HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER WOODBOROUGH! Guide Price £400,000-£450,000 Frank Innes are delighted to welcome to the market, for the first time since construction, an attrac..."
"**FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this extended five bedroom detached home. Avondale Road is situated on the outskirts of the Nottingham suburb Carlton. There is easy access to Nottingham city centre, Gedling and Colwick woods are both located nearby the popular Colwi..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £400,000-£410,000** Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home. The property is situated on the popular Pennyfields Development, it offers spacious living accommodation throughout with four well proportioned bedroo..."
"£325,000 - £350,000 GUIDE PRICE. A stunning 4 bedroom and three storey semi-detached family home within easy reach of Mapperley's excellent range of amenities, variety of schools and frequent bus services to the city centre! The accommodation comprises an entrance hall with useful understairs sto..."
"STUNNING SHOWHOME! Includes all fixtures and fittings! AVAILABLE ON SALES & LEASEBACK SCHEME ONLY. GET UP TO 7% YIELD FROM US*.Plot 430, the Camellia *SHOWHOME SALE & LEASEBACK* is a stunning home with SINGLE GARAGE. Including a large dining kitchen, a spacious lounge with FRENCH DOORS leading to..."
This is a traditional bay fronted detached house that has been extended to the rear which has increased the size of both the kitchen and lounge. The property is positioned on a large plot with well stocked private gardens to the rear that provide several places for people to sit and enjoy outsid...
"Situated in the locally renowned Park Estate, one of Nottingham most prestigious locations, positioned within easy reach of the iconic castle, City centre and its associated amenities. "
Royston & Lund are pleased to offer this extended four bedroom semi-detached house situated in the ever popular village of Tollerton. The property is situated within close proximity of great commuting links with the A52 and the A46 on the doorstep. There is also great amenities including local sh...
"Prepare to be impressed! Situated on a larger than average plot, with landscaped gardens & a Resin bound driveway, paths & patio surrounding the property, this extended home has been fitted to a very high standard throughout & needs to be viewed to appreciate the quality on offer..."
"An extensively extended and well presented four bedroom detached house enjoying a quiet and peaceful cul-de-sac location with the benefit of a driveway and a low maintenance private and enclosed rear garden, well placed for local shops, schools, transport links, Chilwell Retail Park and Attenboro..."
"freckleton brown are delighted to offer for sale this five bedroom detached house having double glazing and gas central heating. The accommodation comprises of entrance hall, lounge, dining room, conservatory, breakfast kitchen, utility room and two further office rooms with w/c to the groun (cont.)"
UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON THE MARKET!! Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this beautifully presented three bedroom detached house with stunning period features and south-facing garden in the sought after location of Wollaton. The accommodation comprises; Through the porch into the lig...
"This deceptively spacious detatched property has the potential to make a fantastic family home, or alternatively offers versatile living space on the ground floor if needed. The property sits on a private road and has a gated driveway, is ideally located close to local transport links and a short..."
SPACIOUS DETACHED DORMER BUNGALOW... This versatile detached dormer bungalow occupies a generous-sized plot and offers spacious accommodation throughout making it the perfect purchase for a range of buyers. The property also benefits from owned solar panels! This property is situated on ...
"Move straight in – No onward chain! Beautifully presented three-bedroom semi-detached property in the heart of West Bridgford. This newly refurbished property briefly comprises of the entrance hall, spacious kitchen diner, three bedrooms and family bathroom. "
A charming three bedroom period semi detached home in the heart of Central West Bridgford. Spoilt with vast scope and potential to put your stamp on a family home in one of the most sought after locations. Adjacent from the West Bridgford Park and Central Avenue this property benefits from the ea...
"The Solway is an impressive 3-bedroom home with plenty of living space spread across three perfectly laid-out floors. On the ground floor you'll find a spacious lounge and a separate open-plan kitchen and dining area with French doors providing attractive views of the garden. In summer, you ca..."
Large 4 Bedroom Family House Kitchen/Diner with French doors to gardenUtility and downstairs cloakroom 4 Double Bedrooms en-suite to master bedroom Large Family bathroom Garage and parking for two cars 
"** MUST VIEW ** Robert Ellis Estate Agents are delighted to present to the market this OUTSTANDING FOUR BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY HOME SITUATED IN BASFORD, NOTTINGHAM. Upon entry, you are welcomed by the entrance hallway, lounge and the the rear an open plan kitchen diner with u..."
" Benjamins welcome to the market this three bedroom detached family home situated in the heart of Ruddington Village. The property briefly comprises; entrance hall, living room, dining room, kitchen and WC to the ground floor, with three bedrooms and family bathroom to the first floor. (cont.)"
"BRAND NEW TO THE MARKET, a beautiful modernised  home located within close proximity to shops, schools, bus routes, bars and plenty of other local amenities On entering the property there is a spacious and welcoming hallway, with storage under the stairs, from the hallway you ha..."
"An appealing double height bay fronted extended to the ground floor three bedroom detached family house located in this established popular residential location. With gas central heating from combi boiler, double glazing, off-street parking, carport and enclosed garden space. Ideally located cl..."
"The Dee is a bright and spacious home for small families. A covered porch and hallway welcome you into the pretty 3-bedroom home, where you have access to a large separate lounge and an open-plan kitchen and dining area, which benefits from having French doors that open out onto the garden. A ..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £395,000 - £405,000 PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... We have great pleasure in offering to the market this beautiful detached house situated in a quiet, residential location just a stone's throw away from various local amenities including West Park, excellent transport li..."
"Plot 71 LAST RIVER FACING DUPLEX Stylish and sizable 2 bed duplex with easy access to West Bridgford, City Centre & train station. 15ft ceilings with floor to ceiling windows overlooking the river, spacious open plan kitchen/living with 2 double bedrooms, 2 ensuites, patio area and allocated parking"
"Offered for sale with vacant possession and no chain above, this semi-detached has been significantly extended and offers excellent accommodation for a family, with five bedrooms, four of which are large double rooms. On the ground floor, a well fitted 'L' shaped kitchen has an adjacent ..."
"Situated conveniently for Wollaton Hall & Deer Park & on a larger than average plot, this four/five double bedroom detached family home also has a detached Annexe which provides a further flexible living space or bedroom & WC. Suitable for a growing family, the accommodation also has ..."
"This brand new apartment is situated on the exclusive Manor Lodge retirement development, close to the heart of the sought after south Nottinghamshire village of Ruddington. Occupying a first floor position, the east facing apartment provides approximately 819.45 sq ft of accommodation w..."
"GUIDE PRICE £290,000-£300,000. VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! A well-presented 3 bedroom detached bungalow situated within easy reach of Mapperley’s amenities and on the highly sought after Springwood Gardens, ideal for those seeking the advantages of single-storey living! There’s an entrance hall, ..."
"MUST BE VIEWED! If you're looking for a beautifully presented four bedroom detached home ready to move into, then this stunning home sitting in the heart of an extremely popular development of just 39 homes in Bestwood Village could be everything you're looking for. Call now to arrange your viewing!"
Four Bedroom Detached HouseKitchen Diner with French Doors to the fully enclosed gardenCloakroomEnergy EfficientSafety - Intruder alarm
"GUIDE PRICE £390,000 - £400,000.. SPACIOUS DETACHED HOUSE... We are pleased to present to the market this three bedroom detached house as it benefits from being well-presented throughout and offers spacious accommodation, perfect for a range of buyers! This property is situated ..."
"Beautifully Presented! Tristram's are proud to welcome this vastly extended family detached home with further scope for re-development is situated on a larger than average plot, fully alarmed with a wrap-around style plot and huge frontage to give a beautiful curb appeal and ample parking for sev..."
"Beautifully Presented Inside and Out!
Stunning family home benefiting from fantastic bedroom sizes , a well loved and cared for garden and patio area as well as a detached garage and off street parking for two cars.
Accommodation comprises; Entrance hall , downstairs cloak room , storage cupboard..."
"QUIET CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION - This is a beautifully presented, stylish, four bedroom detached residence within a sought after modern development, close to an excellent range of amenities for the whole family. The property is close to schools, a great and varied range of shops, regular pu..."
"A charming three bedroom bungalow perfectly placed in the heart of Clifton Village. This property is surrounded by stunning mature gardens, boasting a large gated front garden and a similarly large suntrap rear garden. On entry you are welcomed by a spacious entrance hall infused with vast natura..."
"A three/four bedroom semi detached property offering extended accommodation and found in this sought after location. With gas central heating and double glazing the refurbished accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility and bathroom. To the first floor th..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £390,000-£400,000** ** MUST VIEW ** POPULAR LOCATION ** Robert Ellis Estate Agents are proud to offer to the market this AMAZING FOUR BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY HOME situated in the heart of ARNOLD, NOTTINGHAM. The property is a stone's throw away from Arno..."
"Guide Price £390,000- £410,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to offer this well appointed 3 bedroom detached property in the sought after area of Compton Acres to the sales market. Occupying a corner plot and benefitting from a south facing rear garden with a sensory security li..."
"5 bedroom HMO located on Bernard Street, ideal location for students at Nottingham Trent University or young professionals. Recent partial renovation. Certificate of Lawfulness for 5 Bedroom HMO (C4 Use)."
Versatile Accommodation; Three Bedrooms Downstairs And Two First Floor Bedrooms * STUNNING KITCHEN DINER * Utility Entrance Hall * Living Room With French Doors Onto Garden * TANDEM GARAGE * Bathroom And Shower Room * Generous Plot * Cul-De-Sac Position
"GUIDE PRICE £390,000 - £400,000 THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This six bedroom detached house would make the perfect family home as the property benefits from spacious accommodation throughout whilst being exceptionally well-presented and ready to move straight into! Situated in th..."
"We are pleased to present this four bedroom detached home in Toton. The property consists of – Living room, Kitchen, Dining room, Four bedrooms (one en suite), a Bathroom and a Garage. This property offers spacious family- friendy accommodation and is situated in the sought-aft..."
"Designed with growing families in mind, the Swindale is full of thoughtful touches. Downstairs, there's a spacious living room with a bay window looking out onto the front garden. Walk through into a modern open-plan kitchen and dining area and you'll find French doors that create a lovely bri..."
"Located on one of The Parks more popular roads lies Top Flat, 10 Cavendish Crescent North, a beautifully presented two bedroom apartment which must be seen to be fully appreciated.
"
Brand New Four Double Bedroom HouseChoice of Symphony Kitchen units including upgradesFully Integrated AppliancesKitchen Diner with French Doors to the Garden Spacious LoungeCloakroomFully Enclosed GardenFour Double Bedrooms with En-suiteFamily Bathroom Single Garage and Parking
"Thomas James are delighted to be marketing this well presented, upgraded and versatile three bedroom detached family home. The property provides spacious accommodation arranged over three floors which includes an entrance porch, clocks/utility room and fitted bathroom to the ground floor..."
"For sale an extremely well presented three bedroom detached bungalow located in a sought after area of Toton and ideally located on a quiet cu-de-sac and is within easy reach of a variety of local shops and amenities including schools, transport links, Chilwell Retail Park, Attenborough Nature Re..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £385,000 - £400,000 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION... This individually built detached four bedroom house benefits from spacious accommodation spanning across two floors whilst being immaculately presented throughout making it the ideal purchase for any family buyers ..."
"Guide Price £385,000 Royston and Lund are delighted to offer this fantastically appointed 4 double bedroom detached property located at the end of a cul-de-sac to the sales market. The property backs and sides on to Grange Park, offering a fantastic location for sport, dog walks and acce..."
"Guide Price £300,000 BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME Large corner plot a short walk away from Carlton le Willows, local transport links and shops whilst also benefitting from three good sized bedrooms and large landscaped rear garden with hot tub feature"
"GUIDE PRICE £385,000 - £400,000 Royston & Lund are pleased to bring this modern, recently built semi-detached house in Wilford to the market. The property is set within a quiet, private road but still boasts excellent amenities on the doorstep with local shops, schools, a tram stop and p..."
"The Elmslie is a beautiful 3 bedroom family home which features an open-plan kitchen/dining area along with a large separate living room with French doors leading to the garden. In addition, there is a downstairs cloakroom for convenience. Upstairs Bedroom 1 is a good size and has an e..."
The Lowesby is a 4 bedroom family home with OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINER including FRENCH DOORS to the garden. Upstairs has 3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS plus GENEROUS SINGLE with MASTER EN-SUITE. Completed by a SINGLE GARAGE and off road parking.
3 bedroom home. EXCLUSIVE DESIGNER KITCHEN with integrated appliances. BI-FOLDS. Main bedroom with EN SUITE. INTEGRAL GARAGE.
We are pleased to confirm that first owners have now moved into our brand new retirement development – Manor Lodge on the leafy Manor Park private road in Ruddington and are enjoying the retirement they deserve.. Manor Lodge comprises of 43 one and two bedroom apartments and features a ...
"This attractive and characterful cottage style home provides accommodation arranged over three floors which includes an entrance porch, a hallway, a lounge, a kitchen, a dining room/family with French doors opening to the garden, plus a bathroom on the ground floor, a family room, and bedroom (wi..."
"GUIDE PRICE £380,000 - £400,000 STUNNING FAMILY HOME... This detached four bedroom property benefits from being beautifully presented throughout whilst offering spacious accommodation throughout ideal for any family buyers looking for a property that is ready to move into and ca..."
"Guide Price: £380,000 - £390,000 * EDWARDIAN HOME * FOUR BEDROOMS * EXTENDED * BAY FRONTED * PRIVATE GARDEN * FAMILY HOME * CELLAR FOR ADDITIONAL STORAGE A rare opportunity to purchase a stunning Edwardian, four bedroom, semi-detache..."
Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this spacious five bedroom detached family home situated in a popular location close to all local amenities and schools. The property offers versatile living accommodation with a gated driveway and single garage. In brief the accommodation compris...
"Nicholas Humphreys Estate Agents are delighted to bring this fully let, 4-bedroom, 2 reception room HMO investment property to the market for sale. The property is ideally situated within close proximity to the University of Nottingham, Queens Medical Centre and a number of good transport link..."
"This detached family home provides accommodation arranged over two floors which includes an entrance hall, an open plan lounge/dining room with patio doors opening to the rear garden, a kitchen, a utility room and a wc on the ground floor, with the first floor landing giving access to three bedro..."
"PUBLIC NOTICE - 5 Bressingham Drive - We are in receipt of an offer of £345,000 subject to contract for this property. Anyone wishing to place a higher offer must do so before legal exchange of contracts."
"An immaculately presented and well proportioned three bedroom link-detached house with the benefit of ample off road parking, an enclosed rear garden and a garage. Enjoying this quiet and peaceful cul-de-sac location well placed for local shops, schools and transport links."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £390,000 - Looking for your next family home? Well this stunningly presented extended four bedroom, detached house in the heart of Long Eaton, could be just the ticket! Situated on a quiet corner plot, just a stone's throw away from Long Eaton town centre, this ..."
EXTENDED * Three Reception Rooms * STUNNING KITCHEN * Downstairs Shower Room With WC And Sauna * First Floor Bathroom * Four Good Size Bedrooms * Garage * No Upward Chain
"An extended four bedroom detached house that is ideally located in this desirable village location which offers great benefits such as ample off street parking, three reception rooms and garage. The property has been well maintained by the current owners and ideally located close to many ameniti..."
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! A superb extended 4 bedroom detached family home which must be viewed to be fully appreciated! There's an entrance hall with cloakroom/WC, a spacious lounge with a feature solid-fuel burner, a utility room and a stunning open plan family dining kitchen with a fantastic..."
"**INTERNAL VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMEND TO APPRECIATE THE SIZE OF THE PROPERTY!!**
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this extended semi-detached four bedroom family home. This fantastic property offers spacious living accommodation throughout with two reception rooms and a dining kitc..."
For sale an extended three bedroom semi detached house that is extremely well presented throughout. The current owners have taken great pride in refurbishing this home to a very high standard and is very modern throughout. The property is ideally located in a very desirable area of Beeston and is...
"An Impressive three bedroom detached home situated in a popular residential location. The property is located at the end of a private drive. The properties accommodation in brief comprises of entrance hall, downstairs w.c, living room, conservatory, kitchen/diner and utility room to the ground fl..."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £395,000 NO UPWARD CHAIN... This three-bedroom semi-detached house offers spacious accommodation across two floors with the potential to extend (subject to planning permission) and benefits from being sold to the market with no upward chain, making this an idea..."
THREE BEDROOM CORNER PLOT DETACHED property located on Kirkland Drive. THREE RECEPTION ROOMS and DOWNSTAIRS W/C. OFF STREET PARKING WITH DRIVEWAY TO FRONT. Beeston rail station LESS THAN TWO MILES AWAY. IDEAL FAMILY HOME.
"NO CHAIN! A 4 bedroom detached family home on a quiet cul-de-sac with the Hobbucks Nature Reserve on the doorstep, situated within easy reach of Arnold's excellent range of amenities, a variety of schools and frequent bus services to the surrounding areas. The ground floor accommodation comprises..."
"A Gardeners Delight - Set on approx a third of an acre of mature garden site this four bedroom family home. Having modern kitchen with integrated appliances, generous lounge and conservatory the property must be viewed to be fully appreciated"
"GUIDE PRICE: £375,000 - £400,000 THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This three bedroom detached house is exceptionally well-presented and decorated throughout boasting spacious accommodation spanning across two floors and benefits from a range of stylish fixtures and fittings including ..."
"A detached family home situated within a quiet, popular residential location and within easy reach of Bestwood Country Park and other excellent amenities including local shops and frequent transport links to Nottingham city centre. The property boasts a spacious lounge, a modern kitchen with a ra..."
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! Ideally situated in a quiet cul-de-sac on the edge of the fantastic Hobbucks Nature Reserve is this fantastic four bedroom detached family home, which must be viewed to be fully appreciated. Located within easy reach of Arnold's excellent amenities and variety of schoo..."
"A three bedroom semi-detached home in a fantastic central West Bridgford location only a two minute walk to Central Avenue. The property offers generous driveway parking and a large rear garden and is offered for sale with no upward chain. The accommodation consists of entrance hall, living room ..."
"Situated on the edge of one of Nottingham´s most highly regarded locations lies Clinton House, a delightful period conversion within easy reach of the Nottingham city centre and its associated amenities. "
4 Bedroom Family House Kitchen/Dining Room with French Doors to garden. Utility with Storage Room Cloakroom Master Bedroom with En-suite 3 Further for two cars Fully Fenced and Gated Garden
"NO UPWARD CHAIN.... This three-storey semi-detached property is coming to the market with no upward chain and offers an abundance of space throughout, making a perfect purchase for a range of buyers such as growing families or landlords looking for their next investment. Situated in the ..."
"An immaculately presented and well proportioned three double bedroom detached house enjoying a generous corner plot with the benefit of off road parking, a garage and a light and airy versatile interior. Well placed for local shops, schools and transport links this amazing property is perfect fo..."
GetAnOffer are offering this ATTRACTIVELY PRICED PROPERTY from a MOTIVATED seller to buyers that are in a position to purchase relatively quickly. This property has been PRICED to ENCOURAGE a QUICK SALE. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property for sale: Detached House Four Bedrooms ...
"***GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000*** A stunning four double bedroom family home that has recently been renovated to a great standard. Accommodation comprises entrance hall, generous lounge and stunning open plan kitchen living dining area to the back of the property with French doors onto the ga..."
"Offering a wealth of charm and character throughout this impressive three bedroom semi-detached property is presented to an immaculate standard and is being sold with no onward chain. Comprising of an entrance hall, living room with feature bay window and wood burning stove, dining room, fitted k..."
"** GENEROUS PLOT, NO UPWARD CHAIN ** DETACHED EXTENDED THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM, FAMILY PROPERTY SITUATED ON A GENEROUS PLOT WITHIN REDHILL, NOTTINGHAM. With three reception rooms to the ground floor along with a refitted kitchen, ground floor WC, THREE DOUBLE bedrooms, family ba..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £375,000 - £400,000 PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... This substantial house has undergone a complete renovation with a contemporary design built around modern family living. Boasting spacious accommodation whilst being finished to an exceptional standard throughout, makin..."
"Attractive Three bedroom detached property, offering many bespoke features, located on the much sought after Pennyfields Estate. Three Bedrooms, 2 Bathrooms, Large Loft Room, Open Plan Kitchen/Conservatory, including an island. Landscaped garden, including seating area, bar and two sheds. "
"Situated in the popular Mapperley Park conservation area with relatively easy access to the city centre and its associated amenities, an opportunity to acquire a delightful period property with the accommodation creatively arranged over two floors.
"
"NO CHAIN! A twice extended, detached house having photo voltaic solar panels with an income in the region of £500pa, plus the benefit of the hot water expenditure covered. The property is situated in the popular quiet location of Woodthorpe and within easy walking distance of Mapperley, a variety..."
Character * Three/Four Bedrooms * Two/Three Reception Rooms * Re-Fitted Kitchen * Re-Fitted Bathroom * Garden * Balcony * Parking
"4 BED DETACHED!! FULLY RENOVATED THROUGHOUT!! NEW MODERN LAYOUT!! DRIVEWAY PARKING!! This property comes to the market having been completely renovated. The current owner has changed the layout to make it more modern, going back to brick and taking out internal walls to make ..."
"A spacious and recently redecorated detached bungalow located just a short walk from Mapperley's shops and amenities, with three double bedrooms, double garage, lovely elevated views and is for sale with NO UPWARD CHAIN!"
"Guide price £375,000-£395,000. In brief the accommodation comprises a large entrance porch leading through to the entrance hall, kitchen, lounge open plan to the dining room. To the first floor there are four bedrooms, balcony, en suite and a family bathroom. Garage. Rear ..."
"Guide Price £375,000-£390,000 **LOFT CONVERSION** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this beautifully presented three DOUBLE bedroom Victorian end-terraced property situated within a very popular location and within a stones throw of West Bridgford town centre. This ideal bay fronted family hom..."
*** INDIVIDUALLY BUILT DETACHED BUNGALOW ***  Offered for sale in this much sought after village location in Nuthall this light and spacious 3 double bedroom bungalow has a wealth of accommodation to suit all buyers! call Watson's for more information or to book a viewing.
"Guide Price £325,000 Royston and Lund offer this fantastic 3 bedroom Victorian Terrace in the sought after village of Ruddington for sale. Ideally located close to the village centre, the road links A453 and the A52 and being a 5 minute drive away from Nottingham Trent Universi..."
"£2,500 STAMP DUTY SAVING - This is a double fronted detached home which has something of a cottage feel and being positioned on a quiet road is well placed for easy access to all the amenities and facilities provided by Long Eaton and the surrounding area. The property is entered through a styli..."
The bungalow is situated in a Cul-De-Sac in a popular village location and has been finished to a high standard throughout. The property currently offers a great opportunity for anyone looking for a property with self-contained annex space or just looking for a large bungalow. The accommodation o...
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £395,000 MODERN DETACHED FAMILY HOME... This three bedroom detached house, constructed within recent years, is exceptionally well-presented whilst offering a wealth of space throughout making it the ideal purchase for any growing family looking to move str..."
Royston and Lund offer this well presented 3 bedroom detached property to the sales Market. Stanhome Drive is a sought after address in close proximity to local schools and amenities. The property benefits from off road parking in addition to a garage with a store set behind it. Ins...
"*GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000* Frank Innes are delighted to bring to the market this very well presented and spacious, four bedroom extended, detached family home. The property briefly comprises; An entrance hallway, Lounge, WC, Second reception room, Kitchen/Diner, Util..."
"LUXURY APARTMENT... This two bedroom luxury apartment boasts of unique characteristic accommodation offering ample space and storage throughout making the perfect purchase for any couples or working professionals looking to be located in the heart of Nottingham City Centre, within close ..."
"Three bedroom well-presented Grade Two listed cottage in a popular location with no upward chain. The accommodation briefly comprises of lounge with exposed beams, dining room and kitchen. To the first floor are three bedrooms and family bathroom. Outside the property to the front is a large well..."
"Immaculately presented throughout, this detached family home has been fitted to a high standard throughout & is ideally located for Fernwood Schools, Wollaton Hall & Deer Park, Nottingham University & Queens Medical Centre. Boasting an open plan dining kitchen, luxury style family bat..."
* Detached Home * Five Bedrooms * Lounge with Bar area * EPC Rating C * Single Garage * Driveway Parking * Viewing Recommended * Freehold * Family Home * EPC Rated C
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £395,000 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION... This three bedroom detached property offers spacious accommodation throughout and is well-presented allowing the new buyers to drop off their bags and move straight into! Situated in a popular location which is host..."
"* £5,000 TOWARDS DEPOSIT * Generous home with open plan kitchen/diner, lounge with French doors to the garden, 3 bedrooms, EN-SUITE and GARAGE."
"***Guide Price £375,000 - £400,000*** Purplebricks are delighted to welcome to the market this well presented four bedroom detached property with off street parking. Welcomed through the front door into an entrance hallway with door leading into the spacious open plan lounge diner which offers ..."
"A ground floor two bedroom apartment within the highly renowned City Point Development. Benefitting two balconies, two en suite bedrooms and underground parking."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £425,000!! A FOREVER FAMILY HOME! This four bedroom detached property is finished to the highest standard throughout situated on a cul-de-sac with a spacious driveway and double garage. This is not one to be missed!"
**FULLY REFURBISHED & NO CHAIN** Purplebricks are delighted to offer this beautifully presented FIVE bedroom detached family home situated within a very popular location and having fantastic transport links to Nottingham City centre. This two storey extended family home consists of: Entrance por...
"A fully modernised and extended, three double bedroom, detached bungalow, considered a fantastic opportunity. Ideal for Beeston town centre with no upward chain."
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! A beautifully-presented and extended 3 bedroom detached family home situated within easy reach of Carlton Hill's amenities, an excellent variety of local schools as well as frequent bus services to Nottingham city centre. The ground floor accommodation comprises an ent..."
"The perfect home to raise your family, this extended detached home offers ample living space, four bedrooms, driveway and garage. Within easy access to local shops, schools, amenities and a short drive to Nottingham City Centre. Call to view."
"Occupying a prime position with dual aspect over beautiful countryside, this spacious semi detached property will make a wonderful home for the family wanting to live in this highly desirable village."
"GUIDE PRICE: £375,000 - £400,000 NO UPWARD CHAIN... This three bedroom detached house would make the perfect home for any growing family as it boasts an abundance of indoor and outdoor space whilst benefiting from being offered to the market with no upward chain! This property i..."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000 NO UPWARD CHAIN This detached cottage is bursting with character and charm as it is sympathetically restored for modern day living whilst providing you with the countryside lifestyle. Built over 100 years ago, the elegance of this property can onl..."
"Guide Price Range £375,000 - £395,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this well presented two double bedroom detached bungalow in the highly sought after area in Tollerton. The property sits on a generous plot with a beautiful landscaped garden. Entering thr..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000*** *** THE ONE YOU'VE BEEN WAITING FOR! *** This EXTENDED detached family home located just outside Kimberley Town Centre has planning permission for a substantial outbuilding which could be used as an ANNEX or entertaining space. Viewin..."
"GUIDE PRICE £280,000 - £300,000 LIFE ON ONE LEVEL This beautiful two bedroom detached bungalow sits in a quiet cul de sac location, is well presented and spacious throughout and offers no upward chain!"
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000 SIMPLY STUNNING... This detached four-bedroom property IS JUST LIKE A SHOW HOME and benefits from offering spacious accommodation both indoors and outdoors making for an ideal family home. Internally, the property is beautifully presented with a m..."
"The current owner has renovated the house throughout and is ready for new buyers to just move straight in. The accommodation offers entrance hall, living room with bay window, modern fitted kitchen which open plan to the dining area and further sitting room space finally to the ground floor is a ..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000 *** Watsons are delighted to bring to the market 'Bumble Bee Cottage'. Originally a 1 bedroom period cottage dating back to the 1800's which was extended in the 1980's, now providing generous living a space, ideal for a couple or family.&nbs..."
"The Hazel is the perfect starter-home, ideal for those taking their first steps onto the property ladder. This well proportioned property features a front-facing sitting room, stylish open-plan kitchen/ diner ideal for entertaining guests with French doors to the garden. There is a clo..."
*New build* Four-bedroom detached house* Popular location* Close to excellent transport links* Easy access to local amenities* Open plan kitchen/dining area* Secure rear garden* Please call now to arrange a viewing*
"A detached home ideally suited to first time buyers. This home features an open plan kitchen/ dining/ family room with French doors to the turfed garden, a bay window to the living room and 3 bedrooms - with the master providing a designer ensuite."
William H Brown are delighted to offer this four bedroom extended detached home situated in a fantastic location.
"PRICE GUIDE £370-£380,000 This is an amazing detached property which has been altered and extended by the current owner and we are sure that interested parties will be bowled over when they view. The spacious and re-designed accommodation includes a hall leading into the stunning dining/living k..."
"Riverside is a brand new, waterside development by Peter James Homes, consisting of 34 luxury apartments, split over 2 blocks. Apartment 6 is a spacious 3 bedroom first floor apartment, with balcony, situated in Riverside 2, adjacent to the beautiful tree-lined entrance of the development"
"A well proportioned three bedroom detached house with a driveway to the rear leading to the garage and private enclosed rear garden. Situated in a popular and convenient location within walking distance of Attenborough Nature Reserve and a variety of other local amenities including shops, school..."
" A beautiful family home, with a home garden office.  Freehold Detached House Three bedrooms Entrance Hallway Living Room Dining room Extended fitted kitchen Modern four piece family bathroom Beautiful period features throughout Spacious and accessible loft with ..."
"An immaculately-presented 4 double bedroom detached family home which must be viewed to be fully appreciated! Built in 2021 and with the benefit of new-build warranty, the property sits within easy reach of Hucknall’s excellent amenities and with Merlin Park on the doorstep. The ground floor acco..."
"This detached bungalow is situated in the popular Compton Acres area of West Bridgford. Being sold with NO UPWARD CHAIN The property provides gas centrally heated and doubled glazed accommodation including; an entrance hall, a dual aspect lounge/dining room with patio doors opening to t..."
"***NO UPWARD CHAIN*** Stunning four bedroom detached family home set on a generous corner plot with gardens, garage and driveway presenting ample parking. MUST SEE!"
"A four bedroom property positioned on a popular estate. To the ground floor is a hallway, lounge, office, kitchen/diner, utility and cloaks. To the first floor are four bedrooms with en-suite to the master bedroom and a bathroom. Outside are front and rear gardens with driveway and garage. "
An extended three bedroom detached house with an open plan kitchen/diner and garden room to the rear.
"Plot 5 - Stylish and sizable new build 3 bed maisonette with easy access to West Bridgford, City Centre & train station. Spacious open plan kitchen / living with two double bedrooms, 1 single bedroom, ensuite shower room and separate bathroom plus allocated parking."
"GUIDE PRICE: £370,000 - £380,000 NOT TO BE MISSED... We are pleased to be marketing this beautifully-presented detached house boasting spacious accommodation spanning across two floors making it the perfect home for any growing family. This property is situated in a sought-after..."
**Internal photos and floorplan to follow** Beautifully presented! Tristrams is delighted to bring to the market this deceptively spacious three-bedroomed detached property situated in a very popular residential area being offered to the market with a complete chain! This instantly attractive pro...
"Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom detached home in West Bridgford that benefits from off street parking and a garage. This property is sold with no upward chain, is situated within catchment area for highly popular local schools and is within easy reach of the..."
"Plot 250 - The Heather is a three-storey home which offerss generous sized room throughout and is located close to great schooling options, road links and a range of amentities - ideal for growing families. Don't miss out on this popular selling house. "
"Your Move are pleased to market this 4 bedroomed detached house with garage and gardens to three sides is located in this popular modern development within easy reach of shops, schools and transport links. With accommodation over two floors the ground floor offers: Entrance Hall, Lounge/Dining ro..."
"Thomas James are delighted to offer this detached family home to the market. Recently refurbished and updated to a high standard, the property has newly installed UPVC grey wrapped windows and doors, a new boiler, has been replastered and repainted, has new flooring, and has had the electrics cer..."
"GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £240,000. An immaculately presented semi-detached house situated within the excellent location of both Mapperley and Carlton's amenities! The property boasts a good-sized lounge and a modern dining kitchen with a range of units and door providing access to the garden! To th..."
"Was £375,000 Now O/O £367,500 Extended to the front & side to provide an additional office/playroom & shower room this three bedroom detached home is presented to a high standard throughout benefitting from having three WC , three reception rooms & utility & is al..."
An excellent opportunity to acquire an extended two bedroom detached bungalow on a generous plot displaying fabulous potential. Available to the market with chain free vacant possession.
"An extended, detached family home situated in a quiet residential location within close proximity of Bakersfield's excellent amenities. The property boasts a welcoming porch/entrance hall, two spacious reception rooms, modern kitchen with a range of units and a ground floor double bedroom with an..."
*** Stunning Detached Four Bedroom Home *** This Impressive Corner Plot is available now with no upward chain! Built new in 2019 this home benefits from double driveway and detached garage to the exterior making it an ideal family home from the outset. The interior is complete to a high...
"Immaculately presented throughout, this detached home is located conveniently for Bramcote Lane shops & amenities, has a modern fitted kitchen, bathroom & three double bedrooms. Situated on this popular Cul-de-sac with good access to the local park, bus route & Wollaton Hall & Dee..."
"Guide Price £365,000- £375,000 A well presented, detached bungalow, that comes to the market with the added incentive of having 'no upward chain' which helps to simplify the whole buying process. The property enjoys a cul de sac location close to the heart of this extremely popular vill..."
Located in the highly regarded Park Estate within easy access of the Nottingham City Centre and its associated amenities
"A recently refurbished three bedroom semi-detached house situated within walking distance of Beeston High Street. With a driveway to the front, an enclosed rear garden and being offer to the market with the benefit of chain free vacant possession, an early internal viewing comes highly recommend..."
"Being situated on this popular road on the outskirts of Long Eaton, this double fronted detached property provides immaculately maintained accommodation with a beautiful private rear garden. The property includes a reception hall with ground floor w.c. off, a lounge extending across the rear, se..."
"As you walk through the front door and into the hallway of The Douglas, you'll soon discover the unique shape of this attractive home offers lots of room, with an open plan kitchen and dining area and good-sized lounge providing plenty of living space. French doors in the dining area open onto..."
"GUIDE PRICE £365,000 - £375,000 Royston & Lund are pleased to present this three-storey end townhouse situated in Wilford to the sales market. The property boasts stunning views of the River Trent and is situated within walking distance of amenities including shops, gym and well-regarded..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire a generous three bedroom detached bungalow offering fabulous potential, available to the market with chain free vacant possession."
"Ashdale Gardens, Burton Joyce is a select development of just 11 bespoke properties, with an excellent choice of two to four bedrooms with a mix of houses and bungalows; something for everyone to consider. Plots 1, 2 & 7 are beautiful and thoughtfully designed, three bedroom detached hom..."
A tidy and well maintained three bedroom detached bungalow with garage situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location in Wollaton. Offered to the market with no upward chain.
"Guide Price £365,000-£385,000. An immaculately presented three bedroom semi detached property spoilt with location. Completely renovated this home boasts modern open plan living and a south westerly facing landscaped garden. On entry you are welcomed by an entrance hall leading t..."
"DUAL-ASPECT lounge, open-plan UPGRADED kitchen with FRENCH DOORS to the garden, EN SUITE main bedroom, further double bedroom and single bedroom/home office. Semi-detached home with 2 parking spaces.
Plot 82 | Moresby | Beeston Quarter
Ideally located just a short drive from Nottingham city centr..."
"Boasting 3 double bedrooms, including the master with designer ensuite, the Lydford benefits from an open plan kitchen/diner bathed in natural light."
"STAMP DUTY SAVING OF £2,500 – This is a link detached four bedroom double fronted detached property includes well proportioned and tastefully finished accommodation which is now ready for immediate occupation. The property has been constructed by a local building company and is tastefully finis..."
"The Bowyer benefits from an OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/family room with INTEGRATED APPLIANCES & FRENCH DOORS, a UTILITY & a CLOAKROOM. There's 3 DOUBLE Bedrooms & a single. SHOWER EN-SUITE to Bedroom 1. SINGLE GARAGE."
"UPDATED PHOTOS NOW LIVE! Wallace Jones are delighted to offer for sale this new build four bedroom semi detached property which is still under construction located on a new development, Hoff Close off Briar Gate Long Eaton. A must view to appreciate the accommodation on offer. Garage & two se..."
"REF - SM0559 A wonderful opportunity to acquire this turnkey 4 bedroom detached house on the quiet cul-de-sac location of Yeoman Avenue. Perched on a hill, this house offers breathtaking views of the surrounding landscape. The property features four separate bedrooms, making it an ideal h..."
"The current owners have presented the property to high standard throughout and would make a great family home. The accommodation offers entrance hall, open plan large living room with log burner, Modern kitchen which flows through to dining space and a lounge area which in turn leads into the con..."
"GUIDE PRICE £110,000 - £120,000 IDEAL INVESTMENT This ground floor maisonette is ideal for anyone looking to jump onto the property ladder with a wide range of amenities close by including West Bridgford Centre"
"We are pleased to bring to the market this well presented, modern decorated FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED House on Canberra Crescent, within close proximity to local, shops, amenities and schools. Modern decor throughout, en suite, driveway for off street parking, garage and front and rear gardens."
"Being situated on a quiet service road which is close to the heart of Toton, this traditional semi detached home has been extended to the side and rear to provide enlarge accommodation on both the ground and first floors, The spacious accommodation includes a fully enclosed porch, reception hall..."
"FAMILY HOME This immaculate home that was newly constructed in 2018 sits in a fantastic location within easy reach of various amenities including Gedling Country Park, local conveniences, excellent school catchments and regular bus links"
"Guide Price £360,000 - £370,000 WOW! What a beautiful listing! Introducing the Old Chapel, built in 1899 as a Methodist Church for generations to love and celebrate life. In 2013 The Old Chapel's future was uncertain, with plans set to demolish the chapel for new ho..."
"HomeMove Estate Agents are pleased to offer a cluster of brand-new homes located on the Mapperley/Sherwood boarder. Four of the new homes will offer four bedrooms, three bathrooms and a separate WC over four floors. Three of the four properties will have an integral garage and parking and one ..."
"A student investment property in the heart of Lenton, which has been refurbished to a high standard and is already let for the 23/24 academic year. C4 Planning is granted. "
"Riverside is a brand new, waterside development by Peter James Homes, consisting of 34 luxury apartments, split over 2 blocks. Apartment 11 is a delightful two bedroom apartment on the second floor situated in Riverside 2, adjacent to the beautiful tree-lined entrance of the development."
For sale with no upwards chain this brand new unlived in three bedroom semi detached home was newly built in 2022 and the current owner has never resided in the home. The property is located in the new build Barratt estate within the Beeston Rylan’s and is conveniently walking distance to B...
"Plot 21 - Three bedroom town house with enclosed rear garden and roof terrace. Stunning water side development with low running costs and comfortable, stylish finishes are well located with easy access to the Country Park, City centre and Trent Bridge"
"GUIDE PRICE £360,000 - £375,000 MODERN FAMILY HOME... An exciting opportunity to purchase an extremely well-presented, four bedroom, detached family home. The property offers spacious accommodation throughout and offers excellent living accommodation in a popular location. Situa..."
"For sale with no upwards chain a three bedroom detached house ideally located in central Beeston close by to amenities and excellent transport links such as bus, tram and train. Local supermarkets , good schools and plenty of bars and restaurants. The property has be partly refurbished and offers..."
"Plot 12 - A stylish four bedroom town house with enclosed rear garden and balcony. Stunning water side development with low running costs and comfortable, stylish finishes are well located with easy access to the Country Park, City centre and Trent Bridge"
"Basement Annexe! A detached bungalow with the benefit of a lower ground floor comprising of a kitchenette, living room and bedroom with an en-suite shower room/WC, this space has the potential of being utilised as an independent annex. This deceptive property is situated in a generous sized p..."
"Tristram's are delighted to introduce this vastly extended double height bay fronted three bedroom detached family house. With off-street parking and generous garden space, ideally located within the neighbouring towns of Stapleford and Beeston, offering a variety of schooling, shopping facilitie..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale, this detached bungalow, built around 1950 and enjoying a good sized plot with sizeable gardens to both the front and rear. The property has a large lounge that opens into a conservatory which overlooks the back garden. As well as a square eat-in kitchen, the bu..."
FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME on Horsley Lane. DRIVEWAY AND SINGLE GARAGE and REAR GARDEN WITH PATIO SPACE. Carlton rail station LESS THAN TWO MILES AWAY. MODERN AND WELL-PRESENTED THROUGHOUT.
If you're looking for your next home then don't delay in booking a viewing to have a look around Canberra Crescent! This immaculately presented four bedroom home is a must see! Call to arrange your viewing now!
"GUIDE PRICE £360,000 - £370,000. Deceptively spacious plot! Tristram's are delighted to offer for sale a beautiful three-bedroom, detached house, situated within this highly regarded residential location. Having been impeccably refurbished by the current owners with benefits such as off..."
"BEAUTIFULLY-PRESENTED FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom detached house boasts spacious accommodation spanning across two floors whilst being exceptionally well-presented and decorated throughout, making it the perfect purchase for any growing family looking for a new home to move straight..."
"GUIDE PRICE £360,000 - £380,000 NO UPWARD CHAIN... We are pleased to present this three-bedroom detached house in a popular town, which features an upgraded Hive central heating system, high-end integrated kitchen appliances, well-maintained front and rear gardens with fruit trees an..."
"Plot 10 - A stylish four bedroom town house with enclosed rear garden and balcony. Stunning water side development with low running costs and comfortable, stylish finishes are well located with easy access to the Country Park, City centre and Trent Bridge."
"The Magnolia is a contemporary home full of great features. The impressive kitchen/dining area is a versatile space that could be used as a place to entertain. This house has a downstairs cloakroom, two upstairs bathrooms and two double bedrooms. A further single bedroom makes this a g..."
THREE BEDROOM DETACHED property located on Brendon Road. OFF STREET PARKING ATTACHED GARAGE. Nottingham rail station LESS THAN THREE MILES AWAY.
A fabulous spacious contemporary apartment on the edge of one of Nottingham´s most prestigious locations. EWS1 FORM APPROVED
"Immaculately presented throughout, this three double bedroom home is located conveniently for Bramcote Lane shops & amenities, Fernwood Schools & Wollaton Hall & Deer Park. Situated in this popular part of Wollaton, the accommodation has been improved by the current owners with the ad..."
DOUBLE ASPECT LOUNGE & OPEN PLAN Kitchen / Diner with FRENCH DOORS. The first floor has all 4 bedrooms including a Master with En-suite. Completed by a SINGLE GARAGE and off road parking for two cars.
4 Bedroom Detached HouseKitchen/Dining Room with French Doors to garden.Utility with Storage RoomCloakroomMaster Bedroom with En-suite3 Further BedroomsParking for two carsFully Fenced Garden
"VERY WELL PRESENTED EXTENDED 3 BED SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH OPEN PLAN LIVING/DINING/KITCHEN, SITTING ROOM, UTILITY ROOM AND CLOAKS W.C."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £400,000! This extended, four bedroom semi detached house has room for all the family. If it's an abundance of space you need for entertaining and a generous garden for children to play in, then this must be viewed"
Four Bedroom Detached Home | Spacious and Private Rear Garden | Off-Road Parking and Garage | Recently Undergone Full Refurbishment | Available with No Onward Chain | Being Sold Via Auction | Please Contact Taylors to Arrange your Visit!
"We are pleased to bring to the market this recently renovated TWO/THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW on Elmsham Avenue. Located in close proximity to local shops, amenities and schools, with excellent transports links into Bulwell, with high standard modern decor throughout and off street parking."
FIVE BEDROOM GRADE II LISTED BUILDING located on Forest Road East. THREE RECEPTION ROOMS AND BASEMENT AREA. IDEAL REFURBISHMENT PROJECT. Nottingham rail station LESS THAN TWO MILES AWAY.
"Guide Price Range £350,000 - £365,0000 Royston are Lund are pleased to bring to the market this heavily extended three storey end of terrace house with off street parking in Wilford Village. The property benefits from versatile living accommodation and is conveniently situated for access..."
"Great Opportunity! Tristram's is proud to welcome to the market this beautifully presented three-bedroom detached house with front and rear gardens, off-road parking and a double garage - Located on a larger-than-average plot with great dynamic for growth. Situated in a popular residential locati..."
"Stunning Family Home !
The property benefits from recently installed Double Glazed windows throughout , a superb new modern kitchen and a great size conservatory to the rear offering additional living space.
Situated in a quiet cul de sac whilst being a short walk from many local amenities, good..."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000-£375,000 A 3 bedroom detached bungalow situated in a quiet-cul-de-sac in the highly sought after village of Burton Joyce! The accommodation comprises a hallway with useful in-built storage, a spacious lounge with patio doors and a separate dining room with open access to the ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom semi-detached property boasts spacious accommodation throughout making it the perfect purchase for any growing families looking for their forever home. Internally, the property is well-presented benefittin..."
Bairstow Eves are excited to introduce to the market this three-bedroom town house with spacious accommodation spread over two floors in the highly regarded Park Estate. Within a short distance of the City Centre and close to local shops and transport links sits this cosy terraced house on Friars...
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000! PREPARE TO FALL IN LOVE!This family home sure has the wow factor, and I'm sure your going to love it just as much as we do!"
"A totally renovated two bedroom detached bungalow offered for sale with NO UPWARD CHAIN being positioned in this cul de sac location. With gas central heating from combi boiler, double glazing, ample off-street parking, single garage and enclosed garden to the rear. Ideally located close to sho..."
"THE ONE YOU'VE BEEN WAITING FOR!.. A SPACIOUS EXECUTIVE STYLE MEWS HOUSE IN A FANTASTIC LOCATION WITH THE ADDED BENEFIT OF NO UPWARD CHAIN!! DON'T MISS OUT!!! Guide Price £350,000-£375,000 Frank Innes are honoured to welcome to the market this stunning modern fou..."
"Beautifully Presented Throughout!
This detached bungalow sits on a large plot , benefiting from a gated driveway providing off street parking for several cars and a larger than average detached garage ideal as a workshop , storage area or potential annex or home office subject to relevant plannin..."
AN INTERESTING OPPORTUNITY HAS ARISEN TO PURCHASE A SUBSTANTIAL TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW SITUATED ON A GENEROUS GARDEN PLOT OF 0.31 OF AN ACRE. Requiring some modernisation but offering great potential both as a single dwelling or possible redevelopment.
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 NO UPWARD CHAIN... This substantial detached house offers spacious accommodation throughout as well as being well-presented whilst allowing the new buyers to add their own stamp on the property. The property is also being sold to the market with n..."
"We are very pleased to offer this four-bedroom family home sat on a corner plot in this most desirable quiet Cul de Sac position. Briefly the property comprises lounge, dining room, breakfast kitchen, conservatory, downstairs cloakroom / toilet, integral garage, intruder alarm system, gas centra..."
"*** FAMILY FAVOURITE *** GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 *** Viewing of this detached home on a quiet cul-de-sac in the village of Linby is HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. Ideally suited to families, there is great space inside & out - and it is presented to a high standard."
"GUIDE PRICE - £350,000 - £375,000. A gorgeous 3-bed detached property packed with unique features and plenty of potential! Situated close to the heart of Stapleford, this 3 bedroom detached property boasts many unique features, from an orangery lantern roof to a sparkly, stretch ceil..."
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED! An immaculately-presented three bedroom semi-detached family home on the popular Rivendell development, ideally situated within easy walking distance of the fantastic Victoria Retail Park, Aldi supermarket, Flying High Academy school and stunning nearby Lagoons. The gr..."
Located within a peaceful cul-de-sac with access to green space behind this beautifully presented two bedroom detached bungalow could be everything you're looking for!
Perfect For investments * Period Property * Versatile Accommodation * Three Storey * Original Features * Three Reception Rooms * Ground Floor WC * Residential/Commercial Use * Off Road Parking * Double Garage * NO CHAIN 
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 SPACIOUS DETACHED FAMILY HOME... This three bedroom detached house boasts spacious accommodation spanning across two floors and benefits from a modern kitchen with fully integrated appliances, underfloor heating in the bathroom, a new roof which w..."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This three/four bedroom semi-detached house would make the perfect purchase for a growing family as it boasts spacious accommodation both inside and out and contains a mix of new and period features, including the original t..."
A well presented three bedroom semi detached house situated on a corner plot within walking distance of Beeston High Street and excellent transport links. An early internal viewing comes highly recommended in order to fully appreciate this charming property.
"This beautifully appointed semi detached family home provides accommodation arranged over three floors which includes an entrance hall, a kitchen/diner with a range of built in appliances, a living room with French doors opening to the rear garden, plus a cloakroom/wc on the ground floor, three b..."
"The Lawrence is one of our largest 3 bed homes, with 3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS, EXLUSIVE INCENTIVES AVAILABLE and READY TO MOVE IN THE SUMMER, it's the perfect place to call home."
"William H Brown West Bridgford are delighted to offer this beautiful, four bed house for sale, which is located in well sought-after area."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 MODERN SEMI-DETACHED HOME... This modern semi-detached home is as good as the day it was built as the property is exceptionally well-presented throughout whilst boasting spacious accommodation spanning across three floors, making it the perfect ho..."
"*** COULD THIS BE YOUR FOREVER FAMILY HOME? *** Situated on a sought after residential development, this executive detached boasts a wealth of accommodation throughout and would make the perfect 'forever home'. For more information or to book your viewing appointment, call our team."
"LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION... This four bedroom detached house would make the perfect purchase for a range of buyers whilst being situated in a quiet location, local to Clifton Grove Nature Reserve and the historical St Mary's Church which overlooks the scenic River Trent. The property..."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000. A well-presented detached bungalow situated in the highly sought after location of Mapperley Plains. The property boasts a good-sized lounge with a bay window, breakfast kitchen with access to a utility area, dining room, three ample-sized bedrooms, shower room/WC..."
THREE STOREY SEMI-DETACHED property on Navigation Street. IDEAL FAMILY HOME. PRIVATE ROOF TERRACE. EN-SUITE IN MASTER BEDROOM and DOWNSTAIRS W/C. Nottingham rail station LESS THAN TWO MILES AWAY.
"*** A WEALTH OF ACCOMMODATION *** Located on a popular road in Newthorpe, this substantial family home provides an abundance of space and versatility throughout."
"GUIDE PRICE: £350,000 - £375,000 DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH GUEST ROOM... A rare opportunity to acquire a large four bedroom detached house featuring a fantastic garden room, providing versatile accommodation for a range of buyers. This well-presented property is situated in a qu..."
"350,000-375,000
***The Family Favourite*** Nestled in the sought after town of Hucknall, this stylish and spacious 3/4 bedroom home is more than ready for any family. Only minutes from local schools, amenities and the town centre, whilst offering easy access to prime bus/tram links and M1 - mak..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £350,000 - £375,000 PREPARE TO BE IMPRESSED... With this well-presented home which boasts spacious accommodation and has been fully renovated to include a new kitchen and bathroom suite as well as the addition of re-decorating throughout to create a beautiful proper..."
"Beautifully presented, This semi detached family home provides accommodation arranged over two floors which includes an entrance hall, a lounge, dining room with a fitted kitchen. Whilst on the first floor you will find the three bedrooms which are serviced by the family bathroom. The property ha..."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 An immaculately presented & extended detached family home in the highly sought after Bakersfield, conveniently situated within easy reach of ample amenities, well-regarded schools & frequent transport links to Nottingham City centre. This stunning property boasts a..."
"This semi detached home is beautifully maintained and enjoys a quiet cul-de-sac position with open views to the rear. The accommodation is arranged over two floors including an entrance porch, a living room, a dining kitchen and conservatory on the ground floor, with the first floor lan..."
PERFECT FAMILY HOUSE... This three bedroom detached house is coming to the market being beautifully presented throughout boasting of modern spacious accommodation with ample storage making the perfect purchase for any family looking to be located on a quiet desirable road in the heart of...
"THIS IS THE ONE!...Early viewing is recommended for this lovely three bedroom detached family home, with its spacious and modern living areas, as well as convenient location near local amenities and good schools."
Planning permission granted for single and double storey extension. 3 Bed extended detached house with dual aspect lounge/dining room. Good sized gardens. EPC E. 
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000. A must view and well-presented, detached family home situated in a popular residential location in Carlton and within easy reach of excellent amenities including local shops, supermarkets, well-regarded schools and frequent bus routes to Nottingham city centre. Th..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase an investment or family purchase in the ever-popular district of West Bridgford currently comprising of two flats, 6 and 6a available with tenants in place. The property would make a fantastic family home if converted back into one dwelling which could be done with..."
A well-presented first floor apartment forming part of this substantial period conversion with Two Parking Spaces. 
"PERFECT FAMILY HOME! This four bedroom family home will tick all of your boxes! On lovely plot this property has an en-suite to the master, kitchen diner and lounger diner so there is room for all the family!"
"For sale with no upward chain, this well presented detached home is located conveniently for Wollaton Hall & Deer Park, has a conservatory to the rear & has two reception rooms. Retaining some period features, this three bedroom home is ideally located for Fernwood Schools & Middleton..."
*** A FAMILY HOME WITH FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** There's room for all the family in this detached home on a popular quiet cul de sac in Kimberley.
An extended four bedroom detached house with a driveway leading to the integral garage being offered to the market with the benefit of chain free vacant possession. A perfect opportunity for a growing family looking to put their own stamp on their next home. Situated in a popular and convenient ...
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000. A detached bungalow situated in Gedling within a private cul-de-sac and nearby to excellent amenities and transport links. The property has a good-sized lounge/dining room, kitchen with a range of units, conservatory providing access and having views of the garden..."
WELL-PRESENTED FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom detached house would be an ideal purchase for anyone looking to upsize into their forever home as the property is well-presented with neutral decor and newly fitted carpets and offers spacious accommodation throughout allowing the new buyer...
"*** Spacious detached family home ready to move into *** Situated in the popular town of Hucknall, this spacious and contemporary four bedroom detached home is ideal for any first time buyer or family. Only minutes from local schools, amenities and prime bus links whilst offering easy access to..."
"NO CHAIN! A well-presented two double bedroom detached bungalow in the highly sought after Woodthorpe and within easy reach of Mapperley's excellent amenities, ideal for those looking to enjoy the advantages of single-storey living! The accommodation comprises an entrance hall with useful storage..."
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 A beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home conveniently located within walking distance of Carlton Hill's excellent range of amenities and frequent bus services to the city centre! The ground floor accommodation comprises an entrance hall with under-..."
TUCKED AWAY! Located on a quiet Cul de sac this spacious four bedroom home is within walking distance of Arnold town centre as well as Primary and Secondary Schools and would make a great place for a growing family to put down roots. Call today to arrange your viewing!
"BEAUTIFULLY presented DETACHED family home in lovely ELEVATED PRIVATE PLOT, with the benefit of PLANNING PERMISSION for a 2 story extension. A modern OFFICE/GARDEN ROOM adds the WOW FACTOR to this unique property. SOUTH FACING rear landscaped garden with impressive patio, gazebo and hot tub area."
"Nestled in the sought after area of Kimberley, this stylish four bedroom detached home sits in the old brewery site and is ideal for any family. In walking distance to local schools, amenities and the town centre, whilst offering easy access to prime bus links, A610/M1 (making it easier for the ..."
"A traditional three bedroom semi-detached property with driveway and carport. Situated in a sought after location within walking distance of Beeston town centre, offered to the market with the benefit of no chain. An early internal viewing comes highly recommended."
"A four bedroomed detached property situated on the popular Nuthall estate close to Nottingham city centre and with great access to Junction 26 of the M1. Boasting four double bedrooms and ample off-street parking, this property offers space for all of the family. Call today to book your viewing."
For sale with no upwards chain a three bedroom end terraced house that has been refurbished throughout and is ideally located in central Beeston. The property benefits from two reception rooms along with bathroom and extra shower room. The property is close to local amenities such as supermarkets...
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 RENOVATED THROUGHOUT... We are pleased to present to the market this well-presented semi-detached cottage as it benefits from being renovated throughout including a new boiler, new electric consumer unit, insulation to the conservatory and much mo..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - This spacious detached bungalow is located in a quiet cul de sac and has good access to Mapperley and Carlton where there are excellent shops and facilities. There are two bathrooms, a generous lounge/diner, conservatory, tandem garage and a low maintenance back garden."
"Are you a growing family running out of space? This stunning, spacious home with 3 bathrooms, 4 double bedrooms, private driveway, garage, a large breakfast kitchen and a separate study, could be just what you are looking for!"
THE PERFECT FAMILY HOME... This four bedroom detached house would make the perfect family home as the property benefits from spacious accommodation throughout whilst being exceptionally well-presented and ready to move straight into! Situated in the heart of a popular residential locatio...
"A beautiful Victorian double bay-fronted semi-detached house with off street parking, a great sized garden and a wealth of features, just a short distance from Mapperley's busy shopping area! Accommodation is over three floors with four bedrooms, two bathrooms and a downstairs toilet and cloakroom!"
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 REFURBISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD THROUGHOUT... We are pleased to present to the market this immaculate detached bungalow as it benefits from being finished to a high standard throughout offering a range of modern fixtures and fittings including a b..."
"Ideally located for Wollaton Hall & Deer Park, this two double bedroom home is immaculately presented throughout & also has a carport & garage. Situated conveniently for local bus routes, shops & amenities, the accommodation comprises: entrance hallway, living room with feature fi..."
"SUBSTANTIAL SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE... This semi-detached house offers spacious accommodation whilst being beautifully presented throughout and benefitting from a range of new and original features including ceiling roses, coving to the ceilings, feature fireplaces and much more! Situated in..."
"This lovely detached home has much to offer. Located in Nottingham, it boasts four bedrooms, two reception rooms and a large rear garden. It also offers ample off-road parking. This is the perfect opportunity for any home hunter. Viewing advised, we don't anticipate the property being on the mar..."
"GUIDE PRICE - £350,000 - £375,000 LOCATION, LOCATION, LOCATION... This three bedroom detached house will make the perfect home for any family. It is situated in a newly built development in a prime location next to Gedling County Park. The property is superbly presented througho..."
"IDEAL LOCATION Three bedroom detached bungalow occupying a private corner plot tucked away at the end of a desirable cul-de-sac. Primary & secondary schools are within a short walk, together with gyms, shops and other amenities making this ideal for families as well as those looking to downsize"
"Offered for sale by freckleton brown is this superb example of this FIVE bedroom detached home i the popular residential area of Giltbrook. The double glazed and gas centrally heated accommodation comprises of entrance hall, cloaks/w/c, lounge/diner, large refitted kitchen and playroom to th (cont.)"
"** GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 ** Built by Gilbert & Hall, this detached bungalow provides spacious accommodation including an entrance hall, a lounge, a separate dining room, a kitchen, three bedrooms, a family shower room, and a cloakroom/wc. Benefiting from gas central he..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £350,000 - £375,000 PLENTY OF POTENTIAL... This three bedroom link-detached house boasts spacious accommodation whilst offering plenty of potential making it a great purchase for an investor or anyone wanting to turn a house into a home! This property is situated in..."
"FOUR-BEDROOM, DETACHED FAMILY PROPERTY. Comprising a hallway that leads to the downstairs W/C, under-stair storage, lounge, and kitchen diner with fitted units. The stairs lead to the landing, first double bedroom, second double bedroom, third double bedroom, fourth double bedroom, and..."
"Boasting a spacious interior and well proportioned throughout, this four bedroom modern detached family home requires early viewing. The accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge with bay window, open plan living/kitchen/diner to the ground floor, two double bedrooms ..."
"Well presented 4 bedroom house with garage, located in the highly sought after Fernwood School catchment. With a high gloss kitchen/dining room, utility room and 2 bathrooms plus separate w.c and 2 large reception rooms ."
This is an individual detached bungalow which is situated on a large South facing plot with a private garden to the rear. The property is being sold with no upward chain and the well proportioned accommodation included derives all the benefits of gas central heating and double glazing. Being re...
"New Build, 3 Storey, 4 Bedroom, 2 Bathroom, Detached Dwelling. Fitted Kitchen with appliances: Neff oven and hob, Bosch Dishwasher, Candy Washer/ Dryer. 4 Piece Bathroom Suite.En Suite to master. Off Road parking spaces. Garden backing onto Canal. Inspection essential. Not registered under Help t..."
"**Fully Refurbished Extended Three Bedroom Detached Bungalow**
Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom extended detached bungalow situated in a sought after location. The bungalow has been fully refurbished offering fabulous open plan kitchen/living area to the rear wit..."
"Immaculately presented throughout, this three bedroom detached home retains some period features & is ideally located for Wollaton Hall & Deer Park, Fernwood Schools & Martins Pond Nature Reserve. Briefly, the accommodation comprises; entrance porch, hallway with period style stained ..."
"For sale with no upwards chain a well presented three bedroom detached house that is situated in this well established and sought after residential location within easy reach of a variety of local shops and amenities including schools, transport links, Chilwell Retail Park, Attenborough Nature Re..."
"A beautifully presented and well proportioned three bedroom detached house with the benefit of off road parking and a private and enclosed generous rear garden, well placed for local shops, schools and transport links."
LOOKING FOR AN ESTABLISHED BUSINESS WITH EXCELLENT TURNOVER? WANT TO BE YOUR OWN BOSS? THE SALE OF GLAISDALE CAT LODGE OFFERS BOTH AND SO MUCH MORE!! Frank Innes are delighted to welcome to the market this fabulous business opportunity to acquire THE ONLY FIVE STAR LICENCED CATTERY I...
"The Reedmaker has an open-plan kitchen and dining area, and a spacious living room. French doors lead from the dining area to the rear garden Upstairs 4 bedrooms including a shower en-suite to bedroom 1. Completed by a single garage."
"FOR SALE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN!! FOUR BEDROOM, EXTENDED, DETACHED FAMILY HOME offering recently updated decoration throughout. The SUBSTANTIAL FLEXIBLE ACCOMMODATION includes useful extra space ideal for a family due to the size and layout, which includes a SECOND VERSATILE RECEPTION ROOM on the g..."
"This is a traditional bay fronted detached house which is situated in this very popular residential area. The property is tastefully finished throughout and includes a fully enclosed porch, spacious reception hall with ground floor w.c. off and doors leading to the lounge and the dining/living k..."
"For sale with no upward chain & also having planning permission to extend to a four bedroom home at the rear ( 22/00948/PFUL3) this detached home is ideally located for Bramcote Lane shops, Fernwood Schools & Wollaton Hall & Deer Park. Curently a two double bedroom ( formerly a three ..."
"It´s a different pace of life at The Yacht Club Riverside. If you´re looking for the peace and tranquillity of waterside living, look no further than The Yacht Club Riverside apartments. A prestigious river-fronting development by KMRE Group, of 81 high spec, contemporary apartments, ..."
"Beautifully presented three bedroom detached family home situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location. The property is immaculately presented throughout with a newly fitted modern kitchen, two reception rooms, ground floor WC and a large private garden to the rear. In brief the accommodation comprise..."
“Contact Pygott & Crone Estate Agents to reserve your spot for our open day on the 23rd March. The open day will include tours of two show apartments including a penthouse and on-site facilities such as the gym and concierge.” Second floor apartment comprising of open ...
"An immaculately presented link-detached house situated in Sherwood within walking distance of restaurants, shops, gym, bars and superb transport links to Nottingham city centre. The property has a modern dining kitchen, sunroom providing access to the rear garden and a ground floor WC. To the fir..."
"A spacious three bedroom link detached house with a driveway leading to a garage and an enclosed garden to the rear. Situated in a popular and convenient location at the head of a quiet cul-de-sac and conveniently placed for a range of local amenities, this fantastic property is well worthy of a..."
"Bairstow Eves are proud to market this stunning four double bedroom Edwardian detached home packed with space, original features and has been generously extended meaning this property is a must view for families. Comprising on the ground floor of entrance hallway, two large reception rooms, moder..."
"A three bedroom semi-detached house situated in a popular and convenient location with a driveway to the side, an enclosed rear garden and no upward chain. An ideal opportunity for a wide range of purchasers looking to put their own stamp on their next home. Being offered to the market with the..."
"Guide Price £340,000 - £360,000 HIDDEN GEM! This Detached family home is AMAZING! Set down a driveway off High leys Road this property could be everything you have been looking for!"
"A three bedroom detached house situated in a popular and convenient residential location, with a driveway, garage for multiple vehicles and a private enclosed rear garden. An ideal opportunity for young families and first time buyers, an early internal viewing comes highly recommended in order t..."
"A well-presented detached family home situated within a popular residential location and enjoying open rear aspect views across Breck Hill Park. The property boasts a good-sized lounge with a bay window, an adjacent dining room with French doors, kitchen with a range of units and a welcoming entr..."
"A three bedroom detached property with a spacious driveway, detached garage and enclosed front and rear gardens being offered to the market with the benefit of gas central heating and double glazing throughout and no upward chain, this great property is worthy of an early internal viewing in orde..."
FOUR BEDROOMED DETACHED BUNGALOW * Entrance hallway* a good-sized living room* fitted breakfast kitchen* utility room*dining room* fitted three-piece bathroom suite* MASTER EN-SUITE. Outside to the front is a DRIVEWAY providing ample off-road parking and DETACHED GARAGE* * private enclosed garden* 
"A characterful three bedroom semi detached home perfectly placed in the heart of central West Bridgford. Boasting a southerly facing rear garden, two reception rooms and being walking distance to Central Avenue. On entry you are welcomed by a spacious entrance hall leading to the bay fronted loun..."
STUNNING PROPERTY! In the popular area of Toton close to schools and amenities this three bedroom property has been well looked after. The accommodation comprises of a lounge/dining room giving access to the study/office/playroom. There are double doors leading into the mod...
"Frank Innes are delighted to be instructed on this well presented, extended three bedroom family home. The property briefly comprises; An entrance hallway, Downstairs shower room/utility, Lounge, open plan Kitchen/Diner and cinema room which could be used as a guest bedroom. To the first floor th..."
A four bedroom semi detached dormer bungalow that has been completely refurbished to the highest of standards. Offered to the market with the benefit of no upward chain. Ideal for any purchaser looking for an easy move to a sought after residential location.
"GUIDE PRICE: £340,000 - £360,000 NO UPWARD CHAIN... This detached four bedroomed house is the perfect purchase for any growing family with the property offering a wealth of space throughout and being refurbished to a high standard over the years. This property is situated in th..."
"Plot 16 - Three bedroom town house with enclosed rear garden and roof terrace. Stunning water side development with low running costs and comfortable, stylish finishes are well located with easy access to the Country Park, City centre and Trent Bridge."
"** Guide PRICE £340,000 - £360,000 ** Occupying a corner plot, this detached family home provides accommodation arranged over two floors which includes an entrance hall, a dual aspect lounge/dining room with patio doors opening to the rear garden, plus a kitchen on the ground floor, with..."
"A traditional three bedroom semi-detached house with a private and enclosed rear garden and detached garage situated in a popular residential location. Offered to the market with no upward chain, an early internal viewing comes highly recommended."
"**DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME, SITUATED ON A LARGE PLOT** **GUIDE PRICE £340,000-£350,000**
Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this extended three double bedroom family home situated on a generous sized corner plot in a quiet cul-de-sac location. The property has been signific..."
"*CASH BUYERS ONLY* This detached bungalow is located in Woodborough bordering Mapperley Plains, it occupies a generous sized plot of approximately 0.31 acres and is situated in a rural location surrounded by the lovely countryside whilst being within easy reach of various local amenitie..."
"Asking Price £340,000. Bairstow Eves are excited to introduce to the market this four bedroom three storey end of terrace house on Gregory Boulevard. This house is full of original characteristics and would be suitable for either families or investors. Within a close proximity of..."
"Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this four double bedroom detached family home, situated on a popular estate in a quiet cul-de-sac location. The property sits head of close with an integral single garage and landscaped garden to the rear. In brief the accommodation comprises of an..."
*New build* Three bedroom detached* Popular location* Close to excellent transport links* Easy access to local amenities* Open plan kitchen/dining area* Parking for two cars* Secure rear garden* Please call now to arrange a viewing* 
"This is one of those amazing houses that you must see to believe. When you drive up the homely residential street in the established family area you arrive outside what seems to be a bungalow home. There is off street parking, a garage, and a rather nice little lawn. Its only when you step in ..."
FIELD FARM - PHASE 2. **MILTON** Developed by Peveril Homes. Show homes due for opening in Spring 2023. Viewings and further information via Robert Ellis Stapleford - .
"Situated in the popular conservation area known as Mapperley Park, within relatively easy reach of the Nottingham city centre and its associated amenities. "
"Offered for sale by freckleton brown is this three bedroom detached house having double glazing and gas central heating, a new boiler was fitted November 2022 and has 5 years warranty. The property also cavity wall and loft instillation . The accommodation comprises of entrance, lounge, kitc (cont.)"
"The Dove is a traditional-looking home designed for contemporary living. The modern open-plan kitchen and dining area benefits from having French doors that open onto the garden, creating a light and airy living space inside with plenty of opportunities for al fresco dining during those warmer..."
"Second floor apartment comprising of open plan kitchen/dining room with balcony overlooking the River Trent, two double bedrooms and family bathroom, also with allocated parking space, access to meeting rooms, gymnasium and concierge! The Yacht Club Riverside is a brand new waterfront..."
"Plot 4 - Stylish and sizable new build 2 bed maisonette with easy access to West Bridgford, City Centre & train station. Spacious open plan kitchen / living with two double bedrooms, ensuite shower room, separate bathroom and allocated parking space."
"This period semi detached house was built in the 1880s and has been refurbished throughout to provide a well presented family home. The property offers accommodation arranged over two floors which includes a modern kitchen/diner with solid Oak units, an inner hall, a living room and a ..."
"BEAUTIFUL DETACHED FAMILY HOME... We are pleased to present to the market this stunning three bedroom detached house which benefits from being beautifully presented throughout, offers spacious accommodation and has a range of new and original features including coving to the ceiling, fea..."
"A detached family home situated on a spacious corner plot in the highly sought after village location of Calverton. The property has a good-sized lounge/dining room with a deep sill bay window, breakfast kitchen with a range of units and a conservatory with French doors. To the first floor there ..."
"This traditional semi detached property has been thoughtfully extended to provide sociable living space with accommodation in brief comprising; an entrance hall, a living room with a wood burning stove, and an impressive dining/kitchen living space to the ground floor, with three bedrooms and a r..."
"Purplebricks are pleased to bring to the market this beautifully presented three bedroom mews home situated within a quiet and private gated residency, located in the highly desirable and sought after location of Wilford Village. The property has been modernised throughout and benefits from being..."
*Four bedroom semi detached property* Recently renovated internally* Open plan kitchen/dining area* Utility and downstairs W/C* Ample storage* popular location* Close to excellent transport links* Please call now to arrange a viewing* 
"THIS PROPERTY HAS THE BENEFIT OF NO UPWARD CHAIN! A modern and spacious 3 storey family home which has been freshly decorated and had new carpets. Offering a versatile layout with 4/5 bedrooms, 2 WC's, family bathroom and master en-suite."
"GUIDE PRICE £335,000 - £365,000 Royston & Lund are pleased to present this traditional style detached house situated in West Bridgford and conveniently located within close proximity of amenities and well-regarded schools including Rushcliffe Academy and The West Bridgford School. "
Strike is pleased to present this property in West Bridgeford.
MODERNISED PERIOD COTTAGE * Three Storey * Kitchen/Diner * UTILITY ROOM * Downstairs WC * Bay Fronted Living Room With Wood Burning Stove * Four Piece Traditional Style Bathroom * DETACHED GARAGE * No Chain 
"Guide Price £335,000 to £350,000 Royston and Lund are pleased to bring to the market this well presented three storey semi-detached home in the heart of West Bridgford. The property is situated just a short stroll of local amenities both on Musters Road and Central Avenue, including rest..."
"A re-modelled three bedroom detached family house with a stylish, modern interior. Impressive fully fitted kitchen opening to family room, separate living room with log burner, shower facilities to bedrooms one and two. Popular location. Viewing recommended."
"For sale with no upwards chain a three bedroom detached home which is presented to a high standard throughout and benefits from being ideally located to local amenities, shops, M1 motorway access. The property offers a driveway for multiple cars and a large rear garden and is just a short di..."
ENERGY BILLS PAID for a year * West facing garden * Move in this spring * Garage * Stunning open plan kitchen / dining * Handy utility area * Master bedroom with en suite shower * 
"PRICE GUIDE £330-£340,000 This traditional detached property is positioned on this most sought after road close to the heart of Sawley which has been extended to the rear and into the attic space. The tastefully finished accommodation has an open plan feel to the ground floor and includes an encl..."
"An immaculately presented detached family home situated within easy reach of Gedling Country Park and local amenities. The property boasts a good-sized lounge/dining room, a modern breakfast kitchen with a range of units and a conservatory with access to the ground floor WC. To the first floor th..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £330,000 - £340,000 ****** NO CHAIN *** Bairstow Eves are excited to bring to the market this three bedroom detached home in the popular Aspley area - a MUST view property! Benefitting from spacious entrance hallway, open plan living and dining room, kitche..."
A great opportunity to live in this desirable location close to all local amenities and with the benefit of no upward chain. The property sits on a sizable plot and is ideal for road links into both Nottingham and Derby and the local town of Beeston.
"PRICE GUIDE £330-340,000 - A three bedroom semi detached house with the potential to extend, subject to the necessary permissions. The spacious and well presented accommodation benefits from gas central heating and double glazing and in brief comprises of a hall, lounge, open plan dining kitchen..."
