Summary
An attractive and stylishly presented Victorian home with delightful southwest facing garden set in a side street in this vibrant and fashionable neighbourhood.
"A substantial house on the south side of this popular side road.The house was built in 1894 by H.W. Moore and the design was influenced by the Arts and Crafts movement and retains many features of the period including high ceilings with cornicing, open fireplaces, original wooden flooring, a ga..."
An exciting opportunity in prime Oxford. 
Stylish Boars Hill living.
We are delighted to offer this stunning property to the market. Red Copse located on Foxcombe Road in Boars Hill. Boars Hill is an extremely sought-after residential area. Just over 3 miles from Oxford City Centre.
An exceptional house finished to a very high standard with superb leisure and entertaining facilities.Red Copse offers superb family living combined with a very high specification throughout having been comprehensively refurbished and extended by the current owners. The house offers a blend of ...
"This is a truly unique property, offering a range of exceptional features that combine to create a home that can be enjoyed like few others on the market now. Located in the sought after hamlet of Boars Hill and amongst many other exclusive properties, Red Copse is only 3.5 miles drive from Oxfo..."
Stylish North Oxford living. 
BOARS HILL City Centre c. 5.2 miles Oxford Parkway Station c. 7.3 miles London Oxford Airport c.8.4 miles Landmark modernist architecture with a commanding view over the south of the county. A rare c.2 acre elevated development site with detailed planning consent for a unique legacy ...
"Rarely available a nine bedroom (all with en-suite) guesthouse on this prime setting in Headington with amenities moments away, this lucrative business makes a fantastic investment. Potential (STP) for a restaurant. The premises currently holds an alcohol licence. There is also a studio flat wit..."
A family home situated in a prime side street in Oxford. Ideal for a buyer who wants convenient access into Oxford with Gloucester Green being within 100 meters of the house.
A striking Regency townhouse that has been renovated and extended to provide a unique and stylish home in a prime central Oxford location 
A unique Regency townhouse in an elegant street in a prime city centre location.
A striking house in glorious gardens in this delightful setting.
"A magnificent and unique landmark 19th century residence with extensive accommodation and detached coach house, enjoying a commanding position being conveniently located in this thriving and fashionable central location."
"“The night is full of stars, full of magnificence: Nightingales hold the wood, and fragrance loads the dark.” Bagley Wood by Lionel Pigot Johnson."
"A beautifully presented, semi-detached, five bedroom Victorian property with south-facing garden."
" Trinity House is a beautifully designed property in warm red brick with stone detailing, and is a perfect example of the Sweetcroft difference: the latest construction methods, rigorous quality control at every stage and green technology, sustainability and low running costs at their heart. ..."
Style and character.
Striking family house and gardens in an appealing setting.
18 Worcester Place is a handsome Victorian semi-detached house with accommodation laid out over four floors in this prestigious location close to the city centre. The property has been recently renovated and pairs period features with modern additions. It comes to the market with no onward chain.
"A bespoke development of just five properties, backing directly on to woodland owned and managed by the properties themselves, the properties have been meticulously designed to make this most of this stunning setting including an almost entirely glass rear elevation."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY Modern purpose built detached freehold building comprising five one, two and three bedroom apartments all currently let on assured shorthold tenancies and producing an income of £64,740 per annum. The accommodation is arranged over four three floors, and be..."
"A well presented and extended family house in this sought-after area. The house lies at the northern end of the road and has accommodation over four floors. The present owners have refurbished and extended the house, and it offers excellent family living space. Internally the rooms all benefit ..."
"Spacious and well-appointed family home with six double-bedrooms and four bathrooms, situated at the summit of Cumnor Hill, with South-West facing garden overlooking open farm land."
"UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON MARKET- Martin&Co welcome this great opportunity to purchase a Five Bed Semi-Detached House situated on Osler Road. The property compromises of Five Double Bedrooms, Dining Room, Kitchen, Shower Room and Bathroom. It is currently tenanted until September 2023 and is achie..."
This three bedroom residence is offered to the market with NO CHAIN and offers a fantastic opportunity to improve and modernise.
"This detached family home is off Badger Lane on Hinksey Hill, occupying an incredible private setting towards the end of the lane. The property is split over 2 floors, with a number of architectural details of the period, and would benefit from some updating or even development/extension, subject..."
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - Landmark building For Sale comprising seven one bedroom apartments.
Outstanding family home in city Conservation Area. Detached stone character cottage juxtaposed with a striking contemporary extension which has created an exceptional residence towards the end of a no-through lane. Discretely situated behind mature hedging and willow fencing...
Substantial period house in attractive setting.
"A detached house with mature gardens and grounds of 1.52 acres in this convenient location. The house is in Badger Lane, off Hinksey Hill and occupies a lovely private setting towards the end of the lane. The accommodation is over two floors, and the property has several architectural details ..."
Nestled in a woodland setting at the foot of Shotover Country Park a substantial 6 bedroom house of 4500 sqft being one of just four houses built in 2003 accessed off a private road via electric gates. The accommodation approaches 4500 sqft being arranged across 4 floors and providing excelle...
"Positioned at the end of this delightful setting in Cumnor, idyllic Oxfordshire walks await, this substantial 4 - 5 bedroom detached home with a two-room annexe offers a versatile living arrangement. Accessed by a spacious entrance hall leading to the formal dining room and main living room which..."
"Well presented five bedroom, three bathroom semi-detached family home located in North Oxford."
Stylish modern house in popular tree lined road.
"A superbly presented house with off street parking on this popular North Oxford side road. The house, built in 2020, is set back from the road with parking for several vehicles. It is finished to a high specification with underfloor heating to the ground floor with radiators to the upper floors...."
Modern style and period character.
Found on the sought after Bagley Wood Road this stylish modern property would make the ideal family home.
"An elegant, four bedroom, period house, located in this very popular residential road in Walton Manor. Oxford City Council. Tax Band G"
A beautiful four bedroom semi-detached Victorian property located in a sought after Summertown side road.
Comfortable family house tucked away in leafy cul de sac.
"Elegant, stylish and superbly presented townhouse finished to an exceptionally high specification with off street parking for two cars in this ideal Summertown location. Elegant, stylish and superbly presented energy efficient townhouse finished to an exceptionally high specification with off st..."
"FLOORPLAN NOW ONLINE. A substantial detached house with a very versatile layout covering 3412 sq ft, with a double garage and large gardens. Vale of White Horse District Council. Tax Band G"
"A unique Cumnor Hill home, designed by an architect for his own use in 1980 and belonging to the current owners for 36 years. The property sits in approximately 0.8 acres of gardens which include a large number of mature trees surrounding the property and giving a good degree of seclusion and pri..."
Impressive modern house in leafy side road.
A modern family house at the end of this no through road in north Oxford.A modern family house of almost 2500sqft at the end of this no through road in north Oxford.The house has accommodation over three floors and there is off street parking for two cars. The front door opens into the hall...
An attractive house with accommodation over three floors in this private location close to a wide range of excellent schools and all the amenities of Summertown.
A well presented four bedroom property with off-street parking in the heart of Summertown. 
"A substantial Edwardian end of terrace house situated in this sought after Iffley Fields side road. The beautifully presented accommodation extends to c. 2179 sq ft and is arranged over three main floors. Outside there is a wonderfully established south west facing rear garden and to the front, t..."
"Attention Investors - Investment Opportunity Modern purpose built detached freehold building comprising six no. one bedroom apartments all currently let on Assured Shorthold Tenancies and producing an income of £5,395 PCM or £64,740 per annum. Each apartment has..."
"Located in central Headington is this two double-bedroom, ground floor maisonette offering a private rear garden and garage and being sold with no onward-chain."
"Handsome detached family residence in prime city location. Extended and well appointed acommodation comprises entrance hall, cloakroom, sitting room, dining room, kitchen/breakfast room. Master bedroom with dressing area and ensuite shower room, bedroom two has a dressng are..."
Individual architect designed mid century detached family home set in a substantial plot extending to 0.24 acres located at the end of a no through close little more than half a mile from the Summertown shopping parade. The substantial five bedroom accommodation is arranged over two fl...
"Substantial family home in sought after 'village within the city'. Located in a peaceful, exclusive cul-de-sac of similar quality properties, a detached family home set within mature gardens with views over allotments to the rear. Built in the late 1980's, the property has been in the..."
A four bedroom family house located on the highly popular Waterways development within the St Philip & St James’ school catchment area. Oxford City Council. Tax Band G
"Chancellors are proud to present this four bedroom detached home in the sought after Mosaics Development. Features an open plan, kitchen, living/dining area with a walk through utility. Front reception room with double doors. Four double bedrooms with two en-suites and family bathroom."
"Currently operating as a guesthouse/hotel, 312 Banbury Road offers a great opportunity to purchase an extended Victorian townhouse in Summertown."
"A well presented five bed detached house, benefiting from four bathrooms, parking, outdoor grounds and a private annex. Available with no onward chain."
A superlative 18th century barn conversion with eco credentials in an idyllic rural setting four miles from Oxford City.
Nicely positioned modern townhouse in favoured setting.
"Substantial detached family home with flexible 2,600 sq ft accommodation and two large detached outbuildings. The property was largely extended in 2007 creating a spacious and comfortable home, ideally suited for large extended families. The accommodation is at present arranged with si..."
"AN INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY in a Prime North Oxford location. The property is sub divided into 6 bedsits/ one bedroom flats let on assured shorthold tenancies producing an annual income of £59,640.00."
"A superb, detached house with large and mature garden set on a private road at the bottom of Cumnor Hill. Vale of White Horse District Council. Tax Band G"
"Located on a highly desirable side road, an attractive, three bedroom, detached house built in the 1920’s with off-street parking, garage and a westerly facing rear garden, just a short distance from the Summertown shops. Chain free. Oxford City Council. Tax Band F"
"Set back from the road, this Squitchey Lane property is a spacious and well-presented four bedroom semi-detached home."
"Spacious and light detached family home with well-proportioned rooms, off-street parking and four double bedrooms. Spacious and light detached family home with well-proportioned rooms, off-street parking and four double bedrooms. Situated on the south side of a prime road in the highly sought ..."
Stylish North Oxford living.
Charming family home on this most popular Summertown side road.
A chance to buy a property in Merton Court set over three storey's. The property has been extended to provided a kitchen with living space. The property has been organised throughout well and benefits from a quiet location
A detached house with scope for extension in this favoured location in Iffley village.The house occupies a large plot of approximately 0.24 acre and is well set back from the road with off street parking and a pretty garden to the front.The front of the house faces south and has accommodation...
"Impressive detached house with a separate annexe and plans drawn up for substantial extension in an elevated position on the edge of the city close to the river. Characterful four bedroom accommodation arranged over two floors including two large reception rooms, a well fitted kitchen/..."
An interesting opportunity on the edge of the park.
An interesting opportunity in this popular area.
"A versatile, five bedroom semi-detached Victorian property offering excellent space for the price and the potential for improvement whilst being situated in a superb location just a short walk from the rail and coach stations and the centre of Oxford."
"Detached family house offering flexible accommodation, tucked away in an attractive side road off Cumnor Hill. Set in a plot of approximately 0.5 acres. Set in a attractive side road this property offers, entrance hall which leads to sitting room, dining room and kitchen, the remainder of the ..."
This one bedroom well located ground floor apartment is a fantastic opportunity for investors or first time buyers and is sold CHAIN FREE.
Exceptional double fronted stone cottage set in beautifully maintained quarter acre gardens. Situated within the Old Headington Conservation Area this wonderful period residence with contemporary additions offers well proportioned accommodation with superb character interiors. <...
"82 Linkside Avenue is a stylish four-bedroom, detached property set over two floors, located on one of North Oxford's most popular roads. The current owners have updated the property and this home comes to the market in excellent condition throughout."
Situated within the Old Headington Conservation Area a wonderful period residence set in beautifully maintained gardens.
Longmoor House is an attractive brand new five bedroom home in the sought-after village of Cumnor. The ground floor offers a dual aspect open plan kit...
"Greenland's is a beautiful 3100 ft.² four/five bedroom home, with incredible views of the rolling Oxfordshire countryside"
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY An attractive semi detached property imaginatively converted into three independent apartments available with tenants in situ generating an annual income of £37,560. The impressive ground floor apartment extends to over 1,200 sq ft and benefits from a flexi..."
"A lovely four bedroom three bathroom house set in this development with a garage and private parking. The property further benefits from a private garden and extends to over 2,000 sq ft in good decorative order."
"Martin & Co welcome to the market this unique and spacious penthouse apartment located in Empress Court, Woodins Way. The Three Bed Penthouse is centrally located tucked away in the heart of Oxford´s historic city centre with its internationally renowned colleges, church, museums and th..."
"An five bedroom family home lying in a corner position in a development off the Cumnor Hill. Befitting from a kitchen with a breakfast area, a study and double garageway/driveway. Viewings recommended."
"A superbly located and beautifully renovated three double bedroom house with walled garden and garage, within the Walton Manor Conservation area."
56 Middle Way is a well-presented four-bedroom terraced home situated a minute’s walk away from the Summertown shopping parade. The property has been carefully maintained since construction in 2002 and comes to the market with no onward chain.
"A fine Victorian three bedroom terraced house situated in a delightfully quiet, prestigious Central North Oxford side road in the heart of Walton Manor."
"A modern townhouse in this convenient location close to Summertown. The house has accommodation over three floors and is in good order throughout, with a newly fitted conservatory by David Salisbury. The ground floor has the study to the front with the open plan kitchen to the rear, which open..."
"An endearing and spacious home overlooking the Hurst. Bradfields has been in the same family for over 40 years and offers flexible accommodation with options for home working or multiple generational use. Set in a private road the property offers, entrance porch opening onto a spacious hallway..."
"A handsome three bedroom 1930's detached family home situated in a sought after road, boasting a generous garden and ample off road parking"
20 Carlton Road is a well-extended four-bedroom home in North Oxford situated on a wide plot with side access and further scope for development (STPP).
A five bedroom home set on a plot situated off the Cumnor Hill. The property has scope for enlargement (STP). Viewings available now.
"81 Great Clarendon Street is a well presented four-bedroom terraced home situated within walking distance of the shops, bars and restaurants of Walton Street. It has been extended and improved by the current owners and would make a lovely family home or investment in the area."
"A handsome three bedroom, three reception room 1920's detached family home located within one of Headington's' most sought after side roads with excellent access to the many hospitals and university campuses."
"Stunning panoramic views out to the rear, displaying an abundance of natural light for this unique property. Located in idyllic, sought after Boars Hill. A stone’s throw from central Oxford, with the picturesque Cotswolds right on your doorstep Vale of White Horse District Counci..."
A lovely 4 bedroom 2 bathroom town house in this popular development in Summertown. The house benefits from a private garden and parking and is in good decorative order throughout.
"Delightful and deceptively spacious townhouse in Summertown with south-facing garden and off road parking to the front.Located in Summertown with off street parking, a delightful and deceptively spacious townhouse with south-facing garden in an enviable location a short walk from the Summertown..."
"A beautifully renovated four bedroom, end of terrace townhouse in a well-regarded development with an off-street parking space. Oxford City Council. Tax Band G"
A remarkable town house that has been transformed into an exceptional best in class home.A remarkable and substantial town house with over 2000sqft of space that has been transformed into an exceptional best in class home. The present owners have transformed this town house into an elite home...
"A smartly presented semi-detached family home offering scope for extension, set in a premier side road."
"A delightful Edwardian house providing 4 double bedrooms and a south/south-west facing garden, set in this favoured side street within Iffley Fields."
"A contemporary family home located on one of the most popular roads in Headington. The present owners have renovated throughout and extensively developed the property over the past 10 years, this has included: the updating of all electrical and heating systems (Worcester Bosch), kitchen, bathr..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY Sold with tenants in situ until the end of June 2025. A well-positioned, end of terrace town house in the catchment area for Phil and Jim’s Primary School. Oxford City Council. Tax Band G"
"Investment opportunity to acquire the freehold of 4 x two bedroom flats with a total combined rent of £56,400 per annum. Sold with no onward chain."
104 Cardigan Street is a five-bedroom terraced HMO located opposite the Radcliffe Observatory Quarter at the heart of Jericho’s post-graduate student community. The property has been recently renovated and comes to the market in a highly finished condition ready for immediate rental.
A chance to purchase in the Waterways in Summertown. The property is a 4/5 bedroom family home with scope to be updated in places. The house is located in a convenient location for access into Oxford and for walks along the river.
"If you're looking for a four bedroom detached family home in Cumnor then you're in luck. This property boasts four bedrooms, three reception rooms and a garage. Call us today to arrange your viewing!"
" A four bedroom detached family home with a larger than average plot and housing a substantial workshop/studio. Believed to be a former coach house 7 Quarry Road is deceptively spacious providing accommodation of living room, family room, kitchen/breakfast room and conservatory on the ground ..."
"Versatile and well-appointed family home arranged over three floors with c. 1654sqft of accommodation and integral garage.Versatile and well-appointed family home arranged over three floors with c. 1654sqft of accommodation. On the ground floor is an entrance hall with W/C, integral garage, ope..."
A modern townhouse.
A charming Victorian detached residence occupying a corner position in the heart of this fashionable and vibrant central neighbourhood.
"Contemporary townhouse in Oxford's most exciting new neighbourhood. Set within the Mosaics Development on Barton Park, this stylish townhouse is beautifully presented and finished to a high specification throughout. The versatile accommodation is over three floors and features a superb..."
"A substantial four bedroom Edwardian mid terrace house situated in sought after Iffley Fields, with period features throughout Arranged over three floors with an established garden to the rear."
"36 Great Clarendon Street is an attractive family home, neatly situated at the heart of one of Oxford's most desirable areas."
An enchanting Grade II Listed cottage that has enjoyed the views towards Hurst Hill for centuries. Vale of White Horse District Council. Tax Band F
***OPEN HOUSE*** A chance to purchase a two bedroom home in Summertown. The property overs good accommodation and includes parking and a garage. Further to this you have scope without extending to gain a third bedroom using the mezzanine study.
"INVESTMENT PURCHASE: A period townhouse located within a few minutes walk of Magdalen Bridge and the running track with a lawned garden to the side. HMO licence for six occupants and an annual rent of c. £51,336 pa."
An exciting opportunity to build a substantial new home of just over c.3200sqft in this delightful setting with large gardens set back from the road and approached via a private drive.An exciting opportunity to build a substantial new home of just over c.3200sqft in this delightful setting w...
A stunning four bedroom detached home situated in central Headington.
"Substantial Victorian townhouse with refurbishment opportunity. Extending to over 2,000 sq ft across three floors just 1.25 miles from the city centre this attractive bay fronted period terrace has, for many years been used as a HMO. Now offered for sale with no onward chain..."
Four double bedroom detached family residence located on the desirable location of Eden Drive. The lakes is a premium setting that allows good access to Central Headington. This is a rare opportunity to acquire this substantial home and make it your own with a spacious level of accommodation arr...
A charming two bedroom property which benefits from a converted loft room and is situated on the highly sought after Hayfield Road.
This 6 bed detached HMO with a commercial unit is located in the vibrant and sought-after city of Oxford. The property is set over three levels and boasts spacious and modern living spaces that are perfect for both students and professionals.
"Sold with no onward chain, this spacious detached bungalow offers three double bedrooms, en suite, two reception rooms, double garage and parking."
A superbly presented three double bedroom family home located in central Headington which has recently undergone an extensive programme of modernisation. Call now to view this lovely home on .
"*** £57,000 annual rental return *** Taylors are proud to offer this amazing investment opportunity to those who are looking for a good return on their investment. the property is situated in the popular Barton area of Headington in Oxford which offers easy access to the main Hea..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A modern FIVE BED unfurnished TOWN HOUSE with accommodation spread over three floors including spacious sitting room overlooking the rear garden, modern kitchen with fitted appliances, THREE BATH/SHOWER ROOMS, enclosed rear GARDEN with side access and PARKING for 2 cars."
Attractive bay fronted semi detached home and attached garage on a double width plot with huge potential for redevelopment. This elegant Victorian property is currently laid out as a five bedroom HMO with accommodation arranged over two floors including a family bathroom and a separate...
"Detached, Victorian home located at the foot of Shotover Country Park. Fine, family home retaining a wealth of character, and complemented by beautifully tended gardens with a total plot size of approximately 0.16 acres. The accommodation is set over three storeys and is com..."
"A stylish modern townhouse offering splendid river views, 3-4 bedrooms, 1-2 studies, garden and double garage."
"Situated in the popular Iffley Fields area of East Oxford, a handsome 3 double bedroom period home with spacious accommodation over two floors. On..."
"Sold with no onward chain is this contemporary home. Benefiting from five bedrooms, two en-suites, open plan kitchen/diner, utility room and two reception rooms. The property has a double garage, driveway parking and private rear garden."
"**SOUTH FACING GARDEN** LUXURY EN-SUITE TO EVERY BEDROOM** IMPRESSIVE OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM WITH BREAKFAST BAR** BALCONY TO BEDROOM 1** The Magdalen is a modern three bedroom home of impressive proportions spanning over 1,400 sq.ft. Move in summer 2023. "
An attractive Victorian family home with gothic arch windows situated in New Hinksey overlooking tree-lined college grounds.
"Unique opportunity backing onto Port Meadow with spectacular southerly views, off street parking and planning permission to extend.Unique opportunity backing onto Port Meadow with spectacular southerly views, off street parking and planning permission to extend.This home has arguably one of t..."
"An exciting investment opportunity in the lively area of East Oxford. A six bedroom end of terrace property with tenants in situ to August 2023 that is achieving a rental income of £4,300 pcm or £51,600 per annum."
A substantial semi-detached house set in a prominent 0.15 acre (approx.) corner plot offering scope for development.
"**LUXURY EN-SUITE TO EVERY BEDROOM** IMPRESSIVE OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM WITH BREAKFAST BAR** BALCONY TO BEDROOM 1** PRIVATE DRIVE**The Magdalen is a modern three bedroom home of impressive proportions spanning over 1,400 sq.ft. Move in spring 2023. "
"**LUXURY EN-SUITE TO EVERY BEDROOM** IMPRESSIVE OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM WITH BREAKFAST BAR** BALCONY TO BEDROOM 1** The Magdalen is a modern three bedroom home of impressive proportions spanning over 1,400 sq.ft. Move in spring 2023. "
"A magnificent semi-detached residence with over 1750 sq. ft. of living space spread across three impressive floors, this property is nothing short of extraordinary. Currently set up as two apartments, the possibilities are endless with the potential to convert this home into a five-bedroom sub..."
"Substantial family home in convenient location. Situated on the border of Headington & Marston, with excellent access to the John Radcliffe Hospital and well-regarded local schools, this semi-detached house has been significantly extended to create a well-balanced family home. "
"Built in the early 1900's, Hunters Lodge provides a private, eco-friendly and versatile home for all prospective buyers. Set on Fox Lane just a stone's-throw away from The Fox Inn, Hunters Lodge offers an all-natural garden equipped with a well-established pond, a variety of trees and var..."
"An impressive 5 bedroom detached family house with self-contained apartment situated in this small village, forming part of the Sunningwell parish. The property is located down a quiet lane with outstanding views towards Boars Hill and surrounding countryside."
"Detached family house with great potential in a wonderful position in Headington. Bay fronted property in a sought after side road, with excellent access to central Headington, the John Radcliffe Hospital, Oxford Brookes University, the city centre and access to the London/airport bus..."
"Beautifully presented luxury three bedroom apartment with Juliette balcony, en-suite and excellent access to Summertown and Oxford city centre. A striking ground floor apartment in this iconic building and developed by Berkeley Homes some ten years ago, this large apartment enjoys a quiet loc..."
"This stunning, carefully converted & lovingly improved 3 bedroom home is in the heart of Oxford city centre. The hub of the property is an outstanding open plan kitchen & living space including a host of high-quality & bespoke features. This lovely space opens via bi-fold doors to a low-maintenan..."
"Providing accommodation of just under 2,000 sq. ft, this beautifully presented home has the benefit of 4 bedrooms and an office - perfect for the 'new..."
"CHAIN FREE - A charming period home situated on the south side of this popular road just North of Summertown. The property offers an entrance hall, a dual aspect through sitting/dining room with a box bay to the front and cast iron fireplace, the sitting area has a window to the rear..."
A fantastic investment opportunity. This substantial 6 bed HMO property is currently let until July 2024. The living accommodation is split over 4 floors with the living & kitchen area in the lower ground floor area. The main bathroom is also on this level with a shower over the bath. The 6 good-...
"ATTENTION!!!! ALL INVESTORS/LANDLORDS OR FAMILY HOME SEEKERS!!!
VIEWINGS ONLY BY APPOINTMENT!!! PLEASE VIEW THE 3D TOUR, A well-proportioned three bedroom semi-detached house with an exceptionally large well maintained southeast facing rear garden . Front garden with off road parking for two..."
"A family home within Cherwell School catchment, with private, westerly-aspect garden, balcony terrace, two reception rooms and adjacent kitchen and dining room, and garage."
" This spacious and comfortable five-bedroom detached house has been thoughtfully modified and extended by the current owners to create a substantial family home, which is now available with No Onward Chain. Approached along a gravelled driveway that provides parking for several vehicles this ..."
9 Rowland Close is a four bedroom semi-detached family home situated within the heart of Wolvercote and offering direct access onto the stunning Port Meadow.
A delightful two bedroom period property with private garden positioned in a central Summertown location. 
This three bedroomed semi-detached house sits on an extremely generous south-facing plot extending to around an acre. Great for a builder or contractor with a yard and Nissen Hut outbuilding with a field at the bottom of the garden perfect for a pony! Call for more details.
"Stylish 1960's architect designed family home in an elevated position on the edge of Oxford in a sought after riverside village. The spacious three bedroom accommodation is arranged over two floors and extends to almost 1,400 sq ft. The majority of the ground floor benefits from origin..."
"Family home in the location of Botley, Oxford. Benefiting from a south facing garden and in the Matthew Arnold Catchment Area."
"An excellent opportunity to acquire this substantial detached home with the considerable benefit of an exceptionally long, mature rear garden (40m x 14m / 131' x 45'). The property is set back from Eynsham Road behind a large hedge, providing privacy and plenty of off-road parking, as well as sid..."
Situated in the heart of Jericho is this versatile family home. The property has six bedrooms and a HMO in place for 4 and currently is rented for this academic year for £3000pcm and can be purchased tenant in situ or vacant possession at the end of tenancy.
"This well presented family home is situated on the Iffley Road. Having four bedrooms, this property offers a family bathroom on the second floor and two reception rooms. Also benefitting from off street parking for two cars and a garage with electricity."
"A handsome four/five bedroom Victorian end of terrace property in a favoured location with easy access to the amenities of Walton Street and with tenants in situ to August 2023 that is achieving a rental income of £3,000 pcm or £36,000 per annum."
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. A Largely Extended Semi-Detached Property with HMO for 8 Occupants.
56 Observatory Street is a well positioned two/three bedroom property in the heart of Jericho’s academic quarter. The Victorian property benefits from a rear extension and partial loft conversion providing flexible living across three floors.
"The Bodleian II is a beautifully designed four-bedroom home with a large kitchen dining area and separate spacious living room, both benefiting from French doors leading to the garden. Upstairs comprises of three double rooms along with a fourth bedroom, suitable for a good size home office as well."
"**READY TO MOVE INTO**OVER £19,000 WORTH OF UPGRADES AND EXTRAS INCLUDED THIS HOME** SUNNY WEST FACING GARDEN** WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE JR HOSPITAL** QUIET LOCATION** PRIVATE DRIVEWAY PARKING FOR 2 CARS ** HEADINGTON SCHOOLS EASILY ACCESSIBLE** "
A well presented mid-terrace two bedroom property with off-street parking for two vehicles. 
"An very well presented five bedroom, four bathroom detached home located in the ever popular Cumnor Hill. "
"A beautifully presented, period family home, located in the desirable Headington Quarry. The property has been extended and refurbished over the years by the current owners to provide spacious and flexible accommodation, as well as benefitting from a Sauna and off-street parking."
A beautifully presented bay fronted semi-detached family home positioned in a convenient central location within the heart of central Headington.
"This very well presented four bedroom end of terrace property is situated in the highly desirable conservation area of Walton Manor and is within walking distance of Port Meadow, the Oxford Canal, the trap grounds and the day to day shopping facilities of Walton Street."
"A well extended semi detached house backing onto an orchard. It consists of: Ground floor - 3 receptions, cloakroom, kitchen and summer room. First floor - two double, one single bedrooms and family bathroom Second floor - One double bedroom with ensuite, living room with kitchenette and priva..."
An opportunity to acquire a charming period home set in a premier Iffley Fields side road with the advantage of a garage and vehicular access from the rear.
"We are proud to present this four bedroom detached property in Cowley, Oxford! This property boasts two reception rooms, a conservatory and study room as well as off road parking and a private garden! Call us now to book your viewing today!"
"16 Cranham Street is a three-bedroom end of terrace property, with accommodation spread over three floors."
New to the market in one of the most sought after roads in Headington is a beautiful property located on Rock Edge.
A spacious detached four bedroom family home located in the popular Temple Cowley area of Oxford. The property has accommodation over three floors and the benefit of having a south facing garden and off street parking.
"Situated on a sought after Headington side road is this three bedroom detached home. The property is well presented and boasts an en suite bedroom and an integral garage which could be converted subject to planning, a private garden and driveway parking for two cars."
"Well appointed detached family house with large south westerly facing gardens close to the open green spaces of Bury Knowle Park. Extended ground floor accommodation comprises sitting room, family/dining room, kitchen and shower room. There are three bedrooms (two doubles and one sing..."
A well presented three bedroom family home in the sought after location of Wolvercote. The property is offered for sale with no onward chain.
"A spacious four-bedroom detached family home in Sandhills, a modern property built in 2005 and has been well maintained. The current owner has purchased extra land for a more spacious paved garden/extended parking area. Updated family bathroom and ensuite. To the front of the proper..."
" A GLORIOUS TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM apartment in this prime position in Summertown, benefiting from private garden and patio to the rear accessed directly from the property, as well as offering TWO PARKING SPACES to the front on driveway, plus the ability to take two parking permits for local on stre..."
"FANTASTIC HEADINGTON HOME - a five double bedroom home in a central Headington location This property is perfectly located for excellent schools, universities and the main hospitals, and right in the mix of things to access Headington for shops, restaurants, cafes and other facilities. Great t..."
"Positioned of London road in old Headington this prime five bedroom accommodation with reception room, kitchen, shower and bathroom. Outside, the property has off-street parking and a southwest facing rear garden extending Location Old Headington allows easy access to five hospitals and many ed..."
**SUNNY SOUTH FACING GARDEN**WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO THE JR HOSPITAL** OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINER** SHOW HOME OPEN DAILY ** Luxury en-suite and fitted wardrobes to bedroom 1. Room for a home office in bedroom 4. Excellent Headington schools right on your doorstep. 
A fantastic family home situated in a central Old Headington side road. 
"**SOUTH FACING GARDEN**STYLISH KITCHEN DINER**STUDY**3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS**LUXURY EN-SUITES TO BEDROOM 1 & 2**SEPERATE LOUNGE** This spacious home features over 1,300 sq.ft. of living space as well as offering driveway parking for 2 cars and views over the community open space. "
"A substantially enlarged five bedroom three bath/shower room family home with accommodation over three floors, benefitting from a garden studio offering additional accommodation ideal for a gym or home office. Call sole agents Connells on to arrange your viewing"
A Victorian versatile two bedroom maisonette situated in the heart of Summertown. The property is 1.2 miles from Oxford City Centre and 0.2 miles away from Summertown's amenities.
"Detached four bedroom property tucked away in sought after location. Offered for sale with no onward chain, this spacious detached home is situated within walking distance of central Headington and has excellent access to the hospitals. The well-proportioned and extended acc..."
"A Victorian end of terrace house for refurbishment in this popular location.The house has accommodation over three floors and is in need of renovation and possible extension.The ground floor comprises a covered side lobby with front door, side door and garden access. The lobby extends to the i..."
"A four bedroom link detached family home situated in a cul-de-sac; benefiting from double glazing, off-street parking, garage and garden in the Cherwell and Swan School Catchment. The property is also situated within a mile of the John Radcliffe Hospital"
"Large attractive gardens feature with this extended 1930's built detached bungalow complemented by double garage, situated within a delightful after non-estate position towards the end of this highly sought after village, offering excellent potential to further extend the accommodation."
This three bedroom family home located in the village of Kennington has been improved by the current owners. The garden is a highlight of this home as well as the open plan kitchen/living/dining space that has been created.
** Viewings Commence Saturday 1st April ** A beautifully presented extended family home situated within a sought-after location in Headington and well placed for exceptional schooling.
"30 Grove Street is a lovely, three-bedroom character cottage ideally located in central Summertown. The property comes to the market with no onward chain."
"A well presented end of terrace property located on a quiet Summertown side road, offered to the market with no onward chain."
"A stylishly presented Berkeley Homes built three storey town house extending to c.1477 sq ft and situated in a well positioned area of this development. The property benefits from light and airy accommodation and features include double glazing, gas central heating, private garden, and allocated ..."
"A spacious modern detached family residence with gardens, garaging and parking in a rural village on the outskirts of Oxford city."
"An opportunity to acquire this five bedroom, three storey townhouse in South East Oxford built by Berkley Homes approx. 15 years ago. The property is currently rented out as an HMO to 5 professionals and is located in an excellent location close to both universities and hospitals. "
A most attractive end of terrace stone built cottage located on the edge of Oxford in the sought-after village of Sandford-on-Thames. Beautifully renovated and sympathetically extended three double bedroom accommodation arranged over three floors including a wonderfully light and spaci...
Spacious first floor city apartment overlooking the Oxford canal. Stylish and well-proportioned accommodation of 859sq ft/78.8sqm with secure video entry system comprising dual aspect open plan living space with balcony views. Principal bedroom with fitted wardrobes and an en-suite sho...
"Charming three bedroom family home, full of character features and close to the city centre, shops and schools."
Modern town house in popular development in East Oxford
"Situated in Headington Quarry, this four bedroom property benefiting from ample outdoor accommodation with front and rear gardens. Boasting original features throughout with an outdoor log cabin."
" A late Victorian semi-detached property in a highly sought after street and providing three bedroom accommodation. A period property of character with well proportioned accommodation of two inter-connecting reception rooms, kitchen, cloakroom and sunroom that leads out to the rear garden. On..."
An enchanting Victorian cottage with secret sheltered courtyard garden on the very edge of Jericho and the city centre.
"A beautifully presented, extended three bedroom detached family home. Set on a popular side road in Marston."
Exceptional and impressive ?B? rated energy efficient home with parking set on the front of the desirable Wolvercote Mill development looking out onto existing character dwellings.Exceptional and impressive 'B' rated energy efficient home with parking set on the front of the desirable Wolvercot...
The property is an end-terrace investment opportunity. Currently rented as an HMO with five separate bedrooms and four off street parking spaces
"A very well presented mid terraced Victorian property with two reception rooms three bedrooms, three bathrooms, conservatory and larger than average garden, with no onward chain. Viewing essential."
"An extended 1930s semi-detached house within walking distance of the John Radcliffe Hospital & with convenient access to the ring road, Summertown & Headington shops. This traditional property has been extended on the ground floor, adding a breakfast room with utility area, family room, study & k..."
"Property located in Botley Road, Oxford"
"Attractive semi-detached house situated in a prime position Currently arranged as a rental property, the accommodation comprises open plan sitting / dining room, kitchen, bedroom and shower room on the ground floor, four further bedrooms and a cloakroom on the first floor. The property..."
"If you have been looking for a four bedroom family home, then look no further! This fantastic property has a superb kitchen/diner extension, downstairs shower room and two reception rooms! Call us to book your viewing today!"
"An attractive and characterful, well-proportioned Victorian house in a fashionable residential area."
"Extended 1930's semi detached family home with flexible four/five bedroom accommodation including a separate ground floor studio. Open plan kitchen and large reception room, three bath/shower rooms and optional home office/bedroom five. 100ft south facing garden. "
"Oxford Views - An exclusive development of just four individually designed homes, located in the sought-after village of Garsington * THE BLENHIEM * A spacious family home perfect for entertaining with open plan living areas. AVAILABLE TO VIEW NOW!"
" A superb refurbished three bedroom semi-detached house in excellent condition. Located in this sought after position backing onto Marston Brook and the meadows beyond which lead to the university parks. The accommodation comprises, sitting room, dining room with double doors leading to the g..."
"A desirable and well presented family home with three double bedrooms, situated in a sought-after location and offered with no onward chain. The property comprises entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen, open plan living/dining room with patio doors to enclosed rear garden. There are three bedrooms..."
"A well located, particularly light and spaccious second floor apartment situated in Oxford City Centre with the benefit of a balcony."
"****ATTENTION ALL FAMILY HOME SEEKERS/INVESTORS/LANDLORDS****
****BOOK YOUR VIEWING TODAY !!! NOT TO BE MISSED !!!**** A spacious period corner unique property presented in good order throughout situated in the heart of vibrant East Oxford. This property is on a corner plot and many rooms have ..."
"A chance to purchase an HMO property for 5 people. The house currently achieves a rental income of £3750 per month / £45,000 per year which represents a yield in excess of 7%. The property benefits from having undergone a number of upgrades and is suitable to buy as an ongoing concern."
A detached three bedroom property that has been extended to provide spacious well proportioned accommodation in a highly regarded area. Located in a quiet cul-de-sac off Cumnor Hill the property is deceptively spacious having had a significant extension to the rear. Now featuring a large well ...
"Alistair Redhouse are delighted to offer this highly desirable refurbishment of a semi-detached period property, now extended and remodelled as an elegant four bedroom family home. Arranged over three storeys the accommodation comprises, on the ground floor, a through lounge with bay window, conn..."
"Beautifully refurbished four storey Victorian terrace, benefiting from loft conversion, off street parking and no onward chain. The basement comprises a modern kitchen with island and contemporary fitted appliances, an open planned space currently beings used as a sitting room, however would make..."
"Spacious five bedroom investment property with a HMO license for five persons. Light and bright terraced property conveniently situated in a quiet road close to the John Radcliffe hospital with easy access to the many amenities of Headington, Summertown, Oxford city and the ring road f..."
"A well presented, two double bedroom apartment in North Oxford with a large balcony and lift access. Close to cycle lanes and public transport."
"Extended terraced home situated close to Brookes University, offered for sale with no onward chain. The property requires updating and modernisation throughout, accommodation comprises four / five bedrooms arranged over three floors with an en-suite to the loft room, kitchen/dining ro..."
"Semi-detached house situated close to Brookes University, offered for sale with no onward chain. Four bedroom property comprises sitting room linked to a study room, kitchen / breakfast room, ground floor double bedroom and a cloakroom, on the first floor are three further bedrooms an..."
"TEMPLE COWLEY Central Oxford c. 2.6 miles, Oxford Railway Station c. 2.8 miles An elevated, peaceful setting, above the historic heart of Oxford. This geography in the eastern quarter of the city is a popular location in which to live and this a very special stylishly refurbished lig..."
"This five bedroom mid-terraced property is incredibly situatied on the Botley road sitting a 1 mile walk into Oxford City Centre, 0.6 miles from the Oxford Train Station. Internally this property consists of an enterance hall, sitting room, bedroom (1), kitchen and utlity room. Leadin..."
117 Godstow Road offers a great opportunity to purchase a family home in a desirable location the centre of Lower Wolvercote.
"A chance to purchase a house in Jericho in need of renovation. The property is being launched with an open house . The property benefits from kitchen, living room, five bedrooms and two bathrooms. The house would benefit from some modernization."
A well presented semi-detached bay fronted period home retaining many original features including the sash windows and fireplaces.
"Situated between Cherwell/Swan schools, university parks and the John Radcliffe in Marston, this well presented three bedroom detached 1930's home retains character features with scope to extend. The property offers permit parking and will be sold with no onward chain."
Attractive Edwardian terraced family home with flexible three/four bedroom accommodation requiring some updating but retaining many of its original period character features. The accommodation is arranged over two floors with the ground floor benefiting from a spacious front reception...
"55 Home Close is a three-bedroom, semi-detached house, situated within the popular village of Wolvercote. It comes to the market with no onward chain, and offers an opportunity to be extended and developed into a home of your design (subject to planning permission)."
"Set on a plot, this three bedroom, detatched bungalow is located in a road in the village and has scope for development (STP). Benefiting from a garage and also a driveway."
"This spacious three bedroom detached bungalow is offered in completely renovated condition. Benefiting from off road parking, a garage, four piece family bathroom and a lovely enclosed rear garden internal viewing is highly recommended."
Stylish renovation of a Victorian cottage with deceptively spacious accommodation located on a popular side road little more than a mile from the city centre. Spacious and flexible two/three bedroom accommodation arranged over two floors including a sitting room with woodburning stove ...
A five bedroom home located 0.6 miles from Oxford train station. In need of some updating this home would make a family space or an investment opportunity. Benefiting from a south facing rear garden
"A refurbished five/six bedroom two bathroom home within a sought after location, with the benefit of a local authority HMO license and c£40,000 annual income (6.6% gross yield)"
"A spacious 3 bedroom detached house with a garage situated only 10 minutes’ walk from Oxford train station, coming to the market with no onward chain. The house is in need of refurbishing throughout but has the potential to extend (subject to the relevant consents) and become a wonderful family h..."
"A very well presented end-of-terrace three bedroom home, situated on a sought after St. Clements side road, with the added benefit of driveway parking."
This well presented apartment is situated on the first floor in a no through road location. The apartment has recently been renovated throughout and is being sold with no onward chain. It offers an en-suite to the first bedroom with an additional second bathroom in the apartment and a balcony.
"Situated less than 1 mile from the John Radcliffe in Headington, a significantly extended family home with driveway parking, garden and no onward chain. The property benefits from an en suite to the main bedroom along with two further bath/shower rooms."
"Sold with no onward chain is this well presented three bedroom home with a garage. The property is located on a sought after side road in Marston, just off the back of Milham Ford Nature Park and is just a 1.1 mile walk to the JR Hospital."
" Substantial much improved and extended three bedroom home with off street parking and rear outbuilding on this prime setting. This fantastic property has been presented to a good standard internally and offers a generous accommodation including two receptions rooms, downstairs shower room and p..."
SUPERB opportunity to purchase a 3 bedroom detached house in PEACEFUL location of Binsey Lane. This property combines an easy walk to centre of Oxford and train station with the calm and tranquillity of the riverside hamlet of Binsey village. An opportunity not to be missed.
"A beautifully presented four bedroom Grade II listed property located in the prestigious St. Georges Manor. The property has accommodation laid out over three floors, has the benefit of two allocated parking spaces and has stunning Georgian windows, with high end white shutters, and high ceilings."
Four bedroom family home is a desirable location and presented in great condition throughout.
"Extended five bedroom detached home located in this highly sought-after location with good access to local schools and Oxford city centre. Benefiting from two en-suites, a corner plot, outside office/gym and off-road parking."
"Sold with no onward chain and an option of tenant in situ, this substantial property currently has a HMO for five with a monthly return of £2500. The property benefits from parking at the front and a rear garden."
"A six bedroom link-detached house with HMO License for 6. The ground floor consists of two double bedrooms, shower room, living room, dining room and fitted kitchen leading to the rear garden. The first floor offers 3 bedrooms, en suite and bathroom with additional bedroom on the second floor."
"This well maintained two bedroom semi-detached house in sought after central Summertown is in a quiet, tucked away close. The property offers two double bedrooms and a bathroom downstairs, with stairs leading up to a spacious ""L-shape"" lounge/diner and separate kitchen, with plenty of natural light"
"The property has been rented out as separate apartments for a number of years. However, not had any separate deeds for the apartments. The dwelling has parking for four cars on the driveway and a private rear garden. Rare chance to developed (STPP). Please call now for viewing."
"Family home in Cumnor with extended kitchen and separate utility room. Benefiting from a driveway, south west facing mature garden and dining room."
Rarely available - An extended 1930’s residence enjoying far reaching views over Port Meadow and a south west facing garden.
" A characterful 1930s semi-detached home in this sought-after street in Sandhills, with three Bedrooms and two Bathrooms, and benefiting from a glorious, long rear garden, as well as driveway parking for two cars. The front door opens into an entrance hallway that opens up to a lovely hub-of-..."
This mid-terraced Victorian property is available with no onward chain and offers a fantastic opportunity to extend to the rear and renovate throughout whilst maintaining the property's original period features.
"A well proportioned 1930's semi detached house situated in this convenient location and within easy reach of the city centre, business parks and ring road. The property requires updating and is offered with no onward chain."
"Semi-detached family house with great potential in a wonderful position in Headington. Originally the site of a thriving family run greengrocers store and an integral part of the local community. Situated in a sought after side road, with excellent access to central Headington, the Jo..."
Situated in a sought after Headington side road is this four bedroom family home. Currently the property is rented as a HMO and achieves £2200pcm. Available to investors as a HMO or suitable for a family who wish to move in.
"Sold with no onward chain is this family home. The living space has been extended and offers bi-fold doors overlooking the private rear garden and stream. The property offers versatile living options, a double garage with power and driveway parking for multiple vehicles."
We are pleased to present this well presented previous four bedroom family home that is situated in a development in West Oxford. This property was formerly a four bed and can be converted back. Call us today to book your viewing!
"Sold with no chain is this three bedroom family home. The property is well presented throughout and boasts two reception rooms with feature fireplace and bay window to the front, fitted kitchen, cloakroom and a family bathroom servicing the bedrooms. Additional benefits include a garden and driveway"
"An exciting opportunity to acquire this three bedroom home positioned in a secluded and elegant setting, the property benefits from the generously sized plot it is situated on. The property offers versatile living space. Ground floor benefits from a foyer, kitchen and open-plan ..."
Extended three bedroom semi-detached family home situated in Risinghurst. Within a corner plot with off road parking and detached garage.
A well presented four bedroom semi-detached home with driveway parking and the benefit of having no onward chain. The property has been extended to the rear and over the garage to create a spacious and beautiful family home.
"Situated 2 miles east of the City Centre, a 4 bedroom, 2 bathroom period house available for sale with vacant possession and no onward chain."
"Sold vacant and chain free, this three bedroom home is situated in the very heart of this idyllic, mature setting within Headington Quarry Conservation Area. Located within close proximity of local amenities, schools and transport links"
A charming two bedroom end of terrace property with south west facing garden situated in the heart of East Oxford.
"Victorian villa main door flat with an additional study, private terrace and allocated parking. Located in leafy Central North Oxford side road, conveniently positioned for all the amenities of Walton Street and Port Meadow. Forming part of a period conversion the apartment features high ceilings."
A well proportioned and very well presented two bedroom end terrace Victorian property with a good size rear garden and situated close to Oxford City Centre and Oxford Railway/Bus Stations.
A wonderfully stylish and tranquil apartment within this sought-after development in the heart of Oxford City Centre built by the highly reputable - OX Place in partnership with Oxford City Council.
A brand new two-bedroom apartment located in a new build apartment block situated just 0.3 miles from Westgate shopping centre. Accessed via the second floor is this unique apartment boasting a private balcony and over 700sqft of living space.
This well presented home has been completely renovated throughout. Offering bifold doors to the rear extension and open plan living space. The property benefits from three bedrooms with one en-suite as well as a garage and drive parking. Being located just 0.1 mile from the bus stop to Oxford Centre
"**Four-Double-Bedroom Detached House * Split-level Plot With South-Facing Balconied Decking Area * Integral Garage * Driveway With EV Charging Point and Parking for Several Vehicles * Enclosed Rear Garden** The central entrance hall gives access to each of the ground floor rooms. On the right, paire"
"A spacious and comfortable detached property with four double bedrooms, located on a quiet no-through road on the approach to Shotover Park in Headington."
A two double bedroom apartment with balcony located on the first floor of this popular development on Norham Road. 
"This well presented home is being sold with no onward chain and benefiting from off street parking. Being located off the Abingdon Road, this property is 1.4 miles from Oxford City Centre and 0.4 miles from Oxford Park and Ride which takes you to the City Centre and Oxford train station."
Land with planning permission for sale. Exciting self-build opportunity for a stunning detached eco home. Land with planning permission for sale. Exciting self-build opportunity for a stunning detached eco home. Development site with planning permission for a striking contemporary detached fam...
"Located less than one mile from Headington town centre is this three double-bedroom, fully detached, chalet-style bungalow offering versatile & well-proportioned accommodation and fabulous rear garden."
"A very well presented 3 bedroom end terraced house in an excellent central Oxford location. Set over 3 levels & offering flexible accommodation, the centre point of the property is an open-plan living & dining space which opens via double doors onto a low-maintenance rear garden. The top floor ho..."
An absolutely stunning family home with amazing views towards Boars Hill.
This well presented property is being sold with no onward chain. It offers three bedrooms with two reception rooms which are versatile to suit all requirements. It offers open plan living in the basement and is situated just 0.9 miles from Oxford City Centre.
"A smart, two bedroom, ground floor flat with garage and communal garden set in a central location equidistant between Summertown and Oxford city. Lease 999 years from 11 January 1977 Service Charge: £1,961.56 Ground Rent: None Oxford City Council. Tax Band D "
"Attractive larger than average bay fronted Victorian terraced house in this most convenient location just over a mile from the city centre with coach services to London nearby. The well presented accommodation includes two reception rooms, kitchen, large first floor bathroom with separ..."
Handsome link-detached family residence with west facing garden. Screened behind mature hedging and wrought iron gates three bedroom house with potential to extend subject to the necessary planning and building consents. Offered for sale with no onward chain and now requirin...
Enchanting Grade II listed thatched cottage and separate studio in attractive gardens.
"Investors Only: This five bedroom house is currently being rented out as a HMO property, the current tenancy agreement runs until 19th September and is currently paying £2,400 per month. The property has a living room, a separate W/C, bathroom, five bedrooms and a private garden."
"Sold with no onward chain and well presented throughout, is this three bedroom home. The property benefits from a newly fitted, high spec kitchen with panoramic doors to the West facing rear garden, front reception room with working fire place and driveway parking."
"Sold as vacant possession, this property is an 8 bed HMO which had a yearly return of £54,000. The property is well presented and is a yields a larger than average percentage return. Benefits include parking, garden, garage and potential to extend into the loft subject to planning."
Situated within a popular location is this well presented three-bedroom family home which is offered with no onward chain. Offering well-proportioned family accommodation throughout with the added benefit of further scope to extend or alter subject to the normal planning consents.
"A second floor apartment in the popular Waterways development, within 0.6 miles of Summertown shops & in catchment area for Phil & Jim school."
"Have you been searching for a four bedroom detached family home in Botley? This well-presented house benefits from being on a cul-de-sac, having driveway parking, a utility room and an internal garage. Call us today to arrange a viewing."
"***Fantastic 3-bedroom, 3-story character converted Barn*** A stunning and luxurious property that seamlessly blends history and modernity. With its spacious living areas, kitchen, 1/2 reception rooms, 3/4 bedrooms and private outdoor space, located in a private cul-de-sac near to amenities."
Three bedroom family home with good access to Oxford City Centre.
"THREE BEDROOM PENTHOUSE APARTMENT, SITUATED JUST TWO MILES FROM OXFORD RAILWAY STATION. The property comprises of the entire top floor of this purpose built property. The entrance hall is large with steps up to an inner hallway which gives access into the open plan living/dining/kitc..."
"A well presented ground floor apartment situated in this sought after central Oxford development and occupying the oldest building on the site, dating back to the c.1600's. The property offers well proportioned accommodation and high ceilings. The property is offered with no onward chain. "
A tastefully presented and elegant top floor apartment in this stunning 1930's mansion block. A rare opportunity to acquire this stylish top floor apartment with parking and situated within easy access of Summertown. The living room and main bedroom have a south-easterly aspect with vi...
"A smartly presented, two bedroom, lower ground floor apartment between Summertown and Oxford city centre. Lease 999 years from 25 March 1997 Service Charge: £2,800 per annum Oxford City Council. Tax Band E"
A fantastic opportunity to purchase the 3-bedroom end of terrace family home in an incredible Oxford location. A separate porch & hallway leads to a large front reception room which has plenty of natural light from the bay window. The rear reception room has doors leading out to a modern galley k...
"A superb opportunity to purchase a detached four-bedroom family home that sits in a prime position on Medhurst Way, Littlemore. The development was built approximately 17 years ago and the property comes with ample off-street parking, a garage and a south-facing garden."
"Tucked away in a quiet residential close, this comfortable three-bedroom semi-detached property benefits from a separate self-contained studio annex set within an extensive garden. Carefully maintained by the current owners this delightful house benefits from a largely open plan ground floor l..."
"1930's built semi-detached home with potential for further extension (subject to the usual consents). Located close to the Headington Quarry Conservation Area, a traditonal semi-detached home presented in good order throughtout. The accommodation is laid out over two storeys and is bri..."
An opportunity to acquire a 4 bedroom detached house with west facing garden located within a 0.4 mile radius of Oxford Train station.
An opportunity to purchase two apartments in a central location in Summertown. The properties offer a buyer a chance to own two apartments in one building which can be rented individually. The property is located just outside the ring road in Oxford.
"A superb two-bedroom third floor apartment with balcony, this new build apartment features open-plan kitchen, living and dining with hallway storage, an ensuite and a main bathroom."
New to the market is this wonderfully presented family home located on a popular road within Risinghurst.
A stunning two-bedroom apartment boasting modern accommodation finished to an exceptional standard and situated in an excellent City Centre location within walking distance of local amenities and transport links.
A spacious four-bedroom semi-detached home with a large south-east facing garden. The house has been extended on the ground and first floors and h...
New to the market is this extended 6 bedroom HMO property situated on Dene Road in Headington. The property currently achieves 3200PCM in rent wh...
"This property is a pleasantly surprising proposition - being a modern, well presented and extended chalet bungalow on a residential cul-de-sac. The accommodation has been thoughtfully developed to offer an extended open-plan living, dining and kitchen area at the rear of the ground floor, ope..."
"A bay fronted Victorian mid terrace house situated in this sought after side street. The property is within easy reach of the city centre, bustling Cowley Road, South Park as well as the London/airport coach stop in St. Clements. Offered with no onward chain."
"A delightful Victorian cottage with garden, tucked away yet conveniently situated in the Old Headington conservation area."
"A spacious canal side apartment with allocated parking, situated within the Waterways development, providing excellent access to Summertown and the city centre along the towpath. The flat is accessed by lift from the ground floor and has plenty of storage for coats and shoes in the ha..."
A well presented three-bedroom semi-detached home located in the New Hinksey area of Oxford. The property has been improved by the existing owners...
"UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON THE MARKET- Martin&Co welcome this Four Bed Semi-Detached House situated on Cardwell Crescent in Headington. Sold with No Onward Chain. On the Ground Floor the property compromises of a Double Bedroom, Bathroom and the spacious Open Plan Kitchen Dining Space which leads..."
"Beautifully renovated and extended period home, with detached garden studio located on a convenient side road just off popular Cowley Road. The property is approached by a newly laid patio and attractive low rise brick wall, with a useful bike store. There is an entrance hall and usef..."
Have you been looking for the perfect three bedroom home in the heart of Kennington? This modern and well presented home offers a kitchen/diner and conservatory as well as off road parking and garage too. Interested? Call us now to book your viewing.
"***THREE BEDROOM SEMI IN MARSTON*** Situated in the popular area of Marston and just a few minutes walk from the JR Hospital is this amazing semi detached house, the property is set on a generous plot and has the benifits of a seperate entrance hall, lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen, firs..."
"Coming to the market for the first time in 28 years, this 2 bedroom semi-detached house comes to the market in need of modernisation."
"Well positioned at the end of a cul-de-sac is this well presented three bedroom home. The property benefits from an entrance porch, open plan lounge/diner, kitchen with separate utility room. The property boasts ample driveway parking and a garage with side door to the private rear garden."
An investment opportunity situated just 0.3 miles away from Oxford Brookes University. Currently the property has a HMO license for four and achieves £2200pcm. The property can be purchased with tenant in situ.
"Situated between the JR Hospital, University Parks and Cherwell/Swan Schools, an accommodating home with driveway parking, private rear garden and scope to extend subject to usual consents."
Situated within the heart of Headington and tucked away in a quiet location is this deceptively spacious property. This family home is in immaculat...
"Attractive three bedroom property in sought after location. Set within an extremely popular side road, with excellent access to the city centre via the Marston cycle path through water meadows and University Parks, a wonderful 1930's built mid-terraced home with wooden flooring through..."
"An attractive, modern, 3-floor home with a truly superb standard of finish and presentation and offered with no onward chain. This link-semi-detached property is part of a small, charming development of homes, but it is larger than most neighbouring houses as it benefits from additional first-fl..."
"Sold with tenant in situ with a rental return of £2500pcm from November 2022 with increase to £3000pcm from November 2023, this property offers HMO for six. Located just 1.3 mile walk from the JR Hospital and just 0.8 miles from Oxford Brookes."
A TASTEFULLY DECORATED THREE-BEDROOM FAMILY HOME benefiting from off-street parking and an annexe/office to the rear. This property has been much improved by its current owners but still has the potential to extend subject to planning. Viewings are highly recommended. The accommodation compris...
"A second floor apartment in the popular Waterways development, within 0.6 miles of Summertown shops and in catchment area for Phil & Jim school."
"Purplebricks is proud to present to the market this fantastic family home ideally situated for Headington's amenities, employment hubs and the A/M40 in Stanway Road, an extended home with own driveway and large garden, and garage. The property benefits from a living/dining room, a stunning kitche..."
" This Three Bedroom Semi Detached Home in Cowley comes with something just a little bit different! A large parcel of land to the front, attached to the property and all on the same title, that offers at the very least an amazing bit of extra outside space for growing families, or perhaps - subje..."
"A detached bungalow being sold with vacant possession, situated moments from the newly refurbished West Way Square and circa.1 mile from Oxford City Centre. SUMMARY The property has been recently redecorated and benefits from three good sized bedrooms to the ground floor, with two further lof..."
A three bedroom semi detached home situated in the popular Holley Crescent. The property requires full refurbishment but offers great potential . Offered for sale with no onward chain.
"A three bedroom family home with driveway parking, garage and an east-facing garden, situated on Church Hill Road, just over 350 yards from Templars Square shopping centre."
A beautifully presented two bedroom apartment with communal garden and lake views located on the popular Waterways development. 
"INCREDIBLE VIEWS TO THE REAR of this 1930s three bedroom semi detached home located on Norreys Road just off the much sought after Cumnor Hill, on the edge of Botley and Oxford - views at the rear of the garden across countryside to Wytham Hill and Woods. The property offers so much scope for..."
Attractive semi detached family home with driveway parking and large garden backing onto allotments on this popular side road in East Oxford. Beautifully presented three bedroom accommodation arranged over two floors including a superb open plan kitchen/dining room with Aga and a bay f...
A spacious 1930's semi-detached home with three double bedrooms. The property has been extended on the ground floor and into the loft to create a generous family home with a 105ft rear garden.
"Situated between the Cherwell / Swan Schools & the JR Hospital in Headington/Marston, an extended house with scope subject to consents"
" A superb three bedroom listed town house in this sought after private gated development. St Georges Manor is located on the eastern edge of Oxford and set in twelve acres of landscaped gardens. On the ground floor the accommodation comprises an entrance hall with a cloakroom, and a kitchen/d..."
"Purplebricks is proud to present to the market this five-bedroom semi-detached family home with south west facing garden and off-road parking set in this sought-after location on the edge of Headington, conveniently placed for the Churchill Hospital along with the other hospitals and Brookes Univ..."
"FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION. Starting Bids £500,000. Terms and Conditions apply. INCREDIBLE VIEWS TO THE REAR of this 1930s three bedroom semi detached home located on Norreys Road just off the much sought after Cumnor Hill, on the edge of Botley and Oxford - views at the rear of the gard..."
This well presented home is being sold with no onward chain. It benefits from two reception rooms as well as an outbuilding to the rear of the garden
"A versatile three bedroom family home with accommodation arranged over three floors, situated within in a private gated development on the Littlemore/Sandford-on-Thames borders."
"This well presented home is located in an area free from general through traffic. This property benefits from period features in the living room as well as the flooring in the hall. Having two receptions and three bedrooms, this home has a family bathroom on the first floor and a downstairs WC."
A two bedroom terraced period home with a 64 ft south facing garden that has been recently renovated by the current owners. The property is beautifully presented throughout and has the benefit of having no onward chain.
Offered for sale is this well presented three-bedroom home located within a desirable cul-de-sac in Marston.
"***RIVERSIDE 3 BEDROOM HOME*** Located within a short walk of the Isis river this large three bedroom family home offers; rear garden, off-street parking and the potential to extend (STPP). Tidy and clean throughout this is the perfect home to make your own or for an investor to explore further."
"10 Harefields is a great three bedroom family home in North Oxford, providing a number of accommodation options."
"Attractive detached family home set in established gardens with enormous potential for extension and renovation. The period character accommodation is arranged over two floors and includes two reception rooms, a conservatory, kitchen and utility room/WC on the ground floor. At first f..."
"Well appointed period terrace in city side road. Stylish character accommodation comprising entrance hall, double reception room with woodburning stove, contemporary kitchen and white and chrome bathroom on the ground floor. There are two double bedrooms on the top floor. Ex..."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS - Excellent investment property, three bedroom semi-detached house (currently let) with a separate studio apartment to the rear and planning granted for a further studio in the garden. Set in a residential area approximately 2.5 miles west of Oxford city centre. The..."
"A beautifully presented Victorian apartment conversion, located in one of North Oxfords most sought after locations. The apartment is located on the top floor of this fine Victorian house. The apartment has been newly decorated and carpeted, it offers an excellent opportunity for a pie..."
Situated in North Way.
"An elegant and spacious period property in the heart of the sought after St George's Manor development. Featuring high ceilings, sash windows, manicured communal grounds and allocated parking. This Property must be viewed to be truly appreciated."
"This is a charming Arts and Crafts style property, dating from the 1880s. It has an interesting history as it started life as an alcohol-free public house for workmen. Established by the New British Workmen movement, whose aim was to promote a religious lifestyle and the 3Rs."
"Three bedroom detached family home in the heart of Kennington only 3 miles south of the City Centre. This property is an extended detached 3 bedroom house with a single garage and scope for further size. The family home overlooks fields out the back, situated in a cul de sac for true privacy."
"Beautifully presented mid-terrace home in the sought after Headington Quarry Conservation Area. Wonderful light and bright three bedroom property tucked away on a quiet side road. Accommodation comprises a spacious sitting room, modern open plan kitchen / dining room with patio doors ..."
Handy for Summertown and the city centre.
ATTENTION INVESTORS! This spacious ground floor apartment is located on the popular 'Waterways' development. There is a tenancy in place until October 2023 & the property offers a gross yield of 4.6% at asking price. There is allocated parking & access to communal gardens. There is an open-plan l...
Conveniently located SIX bedroom extended semi detached residence situated on this desirable side road. Fantastic opportunity for investors or families alike.
" FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION. Starting Bids £495,000. Terms and Conditions apply. ONGOING INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY with tenants in place on AST until August 2023 - this Three Bedroom, Two Bathroom Modern Apartment on Frenchay Road in the fabulous, much sought after Waterways, North Oxford,..."
"A spacious and stylish three bedroom semi-detached house with garden studio situated in this popular area of Headington. The property benefits from planning permission for a 3.6 meter (11'8'') extension to the rear of the property. The accommodation comprises, entrance hall with cloakroom, sit..."
"SOLD VIA SECURE SALE ONLINE BIDDING. TERMS & CONDITIONS APPLY: STARTING BID £500,000 We are delighted to offer FOR AUCTION this THREE BEDROOMED, TWO BATHROOMED MODERN APARTMENT on Frenchay Road in the fabulous, much sought after Waterways, North Oxford, within easy walking distan..."
 An extended semi-detached four bedroom house located off Hollow Way and Brasenose Driftway in the north part of Cowley close to Headington. A four bedroom family house with two storey and single storey extensions providing spacious and flexible accommodation with scope for further improvemen...
"A well presented three bedroom home in the sought after area of Marston situated just a 0.9 mile walk to the JR Hospital. The property offers two reception rooms, kitchen and utility along with well proportioned bedrooms and family bathroom. Benefits include off road parking, garage and rear garden."
"Reduced for Quick Sale due to Job Relocation. A stylish bay fronted FOUR Bedroom Victorian end terrace house with side and rear access,10 minute journey to the City centre and ring road."
Selling with no onward chain and vacant possession is this well presented three-bedroom home located within a desirable cul-de-sac in Marston. The p...
A smartly presented and well proportioned first floor flat enjoying a sheltered sunny aspect in this convenient location with allocated carport.
"A spacious ground floor two bedroom, two bathroom, apartment with off-street parking set within a gated courtyard. Located in the city centre."
"A semi detached property located in the desirable area of New Hinksey, with three bedrooms, three bathrooms, off road parking and private rear garden. Tenanted until April '23, for sale with no onward chain."
"Extended, three bedroom family home, popular location, good condition throughout."
"Martin & Co welcome to the market this beautiful 3 bedroom family home in the heart of Botley. The property has been extended to the rear, and comprises of an entrance hall, spacious living room, and a large kitchen diner leading onto the decking over looking the garden. There is currently a ..."
"Martin & Co welcome to the market this wonderful Three Bed Semi-Detached House situated on Wytham Street. The property is currently tenanted until April 2023. The property compromises of Three Bedrooms, Two of which are En-Suites. Kitchen Dining Space and a Bathroom. It also benefits from Of..."
"Attractive three bedroom, three storey family home offering superbly presented accommodation within this small select development offering many features including three bedrooms (two with en suite facilities) and family bathroom and impressive 19' open plan living room/dining room with double..."
"Mid terrace period home with planning permission for extension and subdivision into two self-contained apartments. Currently laid out as a traditional family home, the present owner has obtained planning consent, reference 20/02527/FUL for subdivision of the existing dwelling into two ..."
"A spacious, well presented 2 bedroom Victorian end of terrace house with useful loft room and off street parking."
Three Bedroom Family Home
"Three Bedroom HMO Property - Abingdon Road, Oxford"
"A stylish top floor apartment situated in this central position, a stones throw from the train station, Said Business School and Westgate Shopping Centre. Offered with the benefit of a garage within the gated development. "
"This attractive bay-fronted semi-detached house is located in the ever-popular Lye Valley area of Headington. Well-maintained by the present owners it boasts a wealth of period features, including original doors, picture rails and cast-iron fireplaces in the bedrooms. On the ground floor are ..."
A well presented and improved terraced house situated on a residential road with the garden overlooking Exeter College grounds.
"A substantial four bedroom home offering spacious accommodation over three floors, offering a spacious level of accommodation and presented to the market in good decorative order internally. The property benefits from off street parking for several vehicles and low maintenance rear garden. Acc..."
" This well proportioned three bed three bathroom property in the New Hinksey, well balanced accommodation over two floors in this central location with access to the city. The property benefits from three bathrooms and three good size bedrooms and would make a great investment. Accommodation:..."
"This newly renovated characterful three bedroom terraced property located within the highly sought after Abbey Road ideally situated 1.0 mile from Oxford City Centre, 0.3 miles from the Oxford Train Station and the well regarded Said Busniess School. Benefitting from being offered with no onward ..."
"A dual aspect penthouse apartment set in a location with countryside views, two balconies and an open plan living area. The property benefits gas underfloor heating throughout."
Attractive end terraced Victorian home with renovation and extension potential (subject to consents) and large attractive garden in this popular side road close to Cowley Road. The well maintained two bedroom accommodation is arranged over two floors and includes a box bay fronted sitt...
This well presented home is being sold with no onward chain. It is situated on a cul-de-sac which is located just 0.2 miles away from the nearest bus route to Oxford City Centre. This home also boasts from two reception rooms with a conservatory off the second reception room into the private garden.
"Situated a stone's throw from the heart of Summertown, 260 Woodstock Road is a two-bedroom Victorian terrace property that provides a fantastic opportunity both to live in or for investment."
"Here is a beautifully presented three bedroom home with a spacious garden and onward views. This property was been extended to the rear, and comprises an entrance hall, bright living room, and a large kitchen dinner with garden views. There is recently installed solid oak parquet flooring through..."
"Situated in the highly desirable area of Kennington, only 3 miles south of the City Centre, this is a refurbished ad extended 3 bedroom semi-detached home with shared driveway to garage, off road parking and a very useful summerhouse.The ground floor accommodation provides a cloakroom, 24ft livin..."
"Re-modelled family home well situated for access to the John Radcliffe hospital. Semi detached house with the potential to extend subject to the necessary planning and/or building consents. The accommodation has recently been refurbished and comprises sitting room, kitchen/breakfast ro..."
" Well-presented throughout with a lovely homely feel, this spacious link-detached bungalow offers so much more than first meets the eye... Featuring three bedrooms, a spacious lounge, a converted garage providing an excellent amount of storage and a conservatory opening out to the beautifully la..."
"This well presented family home is situated on the borders of Cowley and Littlemore. This property benefits from off street parking for several cars, four bedrooms and two reception rooms. The second reception room offering open plan living space for the kitchen and dining area."
"Family home situated in Headington, offered with no onward chain. Property benefits from off road parking, front reception with a walk through kitchen diner."
"This well presented home is being sold with no chain. The property has a kitchen/breakfast room with doors to the garden, the two reception rooms have been knocked through into one. Upstairs there are three bedrooms and a family bathroom. The property also has parking to the front."
An extended three bedroom semi detached home with a downstairs shower room and a first floor bathroom. There is parking to the front of the property.
"Contemporary living on the edge of the city. Stylish end terrace townhouse over-looking a small green on a select modern development. Three storey accommodation comprising entrance hall, cloakroomm sitting room, kitchen breakfast room on the ground floor. Principal bedroom with ensuite..."
Extended four bedroom family over three storeys
"Situated in a popular road in Kennington is this extended and well presented house. This family home also benefits from a garage, large enclosed rear garden and off road parking."
FABULOUS FAMILY HOME - Sold with Vacant Possession This modern 3 Bedroom 3 Bathroom House in the New Hinksey area of Oxford is a fantastic property - it would make an amazing family home or great investment (currently holds a HMO licence for 4). The house comprises of entrance hall leading ...
"This well-kept extended three bedroom family home is ideally situated within the highly sought after area of Botley. Upon entering this property you are greeted by a spacious Entrance Hall, Guest W/C, Living room, Dining room, Utility room and a Kitchen with doors leading out onto the..."
"Situated within a 1 mile radius of the JR Hospital and Swan School in Headington, a well presented family home with parking and garden"
" FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION. Starting Bids £470,000. Terms and Conditions apply. A Beautiful Two Bedroom, Two Bathroom, Modern Apartment on Frenchay Road in the fabulous, much sought after Waterways in North Oxford, within easy walking distance of all the shops, cafes, bars and restaura..."
"SOLD VIA SECURE SALE ONLINE BIDDING. TERMS & CONDITIONS APPLY: STARTING BID £ 475,000 We are delighted to offer FOR AUCTION this Beautiful TWO BEDROOMED, TWO BATHROOMED MODERN APARTMENT on Frenchay Road in the fabulous, much sought after Waterways in North Oxford, within easy walki..."
Martin&Co welcome this lovely spacious One Bed Apartment situated in the sought after development The Lion Brewery. The apartment is located on the First Floor and is a total of 63 square metres. Offered with No Onward Chain. The apartment comprises of an Open Plan Living Space leading throu...
"This modern purpose built ground floor apartment is in a small & mature cul-de-sac development close to the heart of Summertown.
There is a lovely light & well proportioned living room with stylish & practical hard flooring & doors to a balcony space. The property is presented in excellent decor..."
"A two bedroom, two bathroom ground floor apartment with allocated parking. Well located for the amenities of Summertown, the city centre and Oxford Parkway station. Lease 125 years from 30 September 1987 Ground Rent: £600 per annum Service Charge: £2,500 per annum..."
"A well-presented and generously proportioned 1930’s semi-detached home with the benefit of driveway parking for at least two cars, a garage and no onward chain."
"A lovely modern apartment with communal garden located in the highly sought-after locale of Jericho in the heart of Oxford. There is a light & spacious living room with bay window & modern kitchen with space to dine. There are 2 double bedrooms, large bathroom with walk-in shower & separate utili..."
"A period terraced house in an excellent location between St. Clement's Street and Cowley Road in vibrant East Oxford and within half a mile of Magdalen Bridge and the city centre. A characterful house let at £2,100pcm until 17th May 2023 as a HMO (House in Multiple Occupation) with scope..."
"An extended three bedroom 1930s family home with driveway parking, garage and a south-east facing garden, situated on the borders of Cowley/Headington. "
"An end of terrace family home with a south facing garden, located just moments from Cutteslowe Park and local shops. SUMMARY The property is well presented and benefits from double glazing and gas central heating, a modern white bathroom, three good sized bedrooms and three landing storage cu..."
A newly renovated three bedroom semi-detached family home ideally situated within the highly sought after area of Botley. Chestnut Road is 0.5 of a mile walk from the local shops on West Way/Elms Parade and an approximate 1.9 mile walk from Oxford Train Station and a 2.3 mile walk into...
Extended four bedroom semi-detached home situated in Marston. Property is licensed as a four bedroom HMO but can be purchased without tenants in situ.
"Offered for sale with no chain, this property is currently Let via Chancellors for £1250pcm and would be ideal to purchase with a view to extend to the side and rear (STP)."
"Built in 2015, this is a well presented and versatile property offered over three floors. The property is available with no onward chain"
Three Bedroom Semi-Detached home with scope to extend on a double width plot. Offered with no onward chain situated on Headley Way.
"A 4/5 bedroom HMO house with three double bedrooms, a single bedroom, family room, kitchen / diner, large shared bathroom, conservatory and enclosed garden to the rear. Off road parking for three cars is also available. HMO license for five persons."
"Recently refurbished four bedroom home with HMO license for 5. Well positioned for the Headington Hospitals and bus routes for the city centre, good access to London via A/M40. Currently has four tenants until 01/08/23 with a monthly rental income of £1895 excl bills."
"Good size family home which has been extended and offers three bedrooms, two reception rooms, utililty room along with rear garden and driveway parking."
"Martin&Co welcome to the market this great opportunity to purchase a 4 bedroom HMO, mid terraced house situated on the popular Valentia Road. The property compromises of Three Double Bedrooms & 1 Single Room, Open plan Living Room/ Kitchen and Bathroom and WC. It is currently tenanted unt..."
"A delightful three bedroomed detached bungalow in a great cul-de-sac location. Very well presented throughout with gas central heating, uPVC double glazing and a garage to the side with off-street parking to the front and a sunny enclosed garden to the rear. A must see property. Call now!"
An opportunity to acquire a 1930’s terraced house set well back from the road and located in the upper part of this thriving Village.
"Tucked away in a cul-de-sac, just yards from the beautiful Port Meadow nature reserve, this home comes with a southerly-aspect garden and parking."
"Semi-detached family home perfectly placed for access to the ring road network, the John Radcliffe Hospital and with easy access to the many amenities of Headington, Summertown and Oxford city. Well appointed three bedroom property, the accommodation features a light open plan double a..."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS! 4 Bedroom Student HMO Property - Headington, Oxford"
Sold with no onward chain is this three-bedroom family home. The property has been extended and benefits from driveway parking and a private garden with parkland views.
"A spacious two bedroom, two bathroom apartment located in The Cloisters area of the Grange with views into the beautiful manicured communal gardens with lift access to the first floor."
"This five bedroom Semi-detached, offering over 1300 sq ft of living space, modern two bedroom loft extension, utility extension offers plans to build second storey, multi-car driveway and neutral interior."
A chance to purchase a three bedroom apartment situated in Summertown. The property is presented to the market with no onward chain and benefits from a garage. As you enter the property you have three bedrooms and a corridor down to the kitchen and living room. There is also a balcony with views.
"Great HMO Investment - 4 Bedroom HMO sold with tenants in situ on AST until August 2023 with rental @ £2200 pcm. Very close to Oxford Brookes University, it is ideal student accommodation or professional shares as it is also situated in the centre of the 3 major Hospitals. Walking dista..."
"A well positioned family home situated on a generous plot and offering no onward chain. The property comprises entrance hall, living/dining room, kitchen, conservatory, three bedrooms and family bathroom. Externally there is front garden with driveway leading to garage, side access to a 120ft ..."
FLORENCE PARK FAMILY HOME WITH DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY - 3 bed family home with Planning Permission for a Two storey side and rear extension. Please check OCC website using reference 12/01135/FUL for full details (Work has been started). Sold with Vacant Possession. The property is located in...
"A three bedroom family home with a south-west facing rear garden, situated on the borders of Headington and Marston, less than half a mile from the John Radcliffe Hospital."
"Excellent location, modern three bedroom, two bathroom family home. Sold chain free."
A striking two bedroom first floor apartment with allocated parking set on a contemporary development within a 0.5 mile radius of Magdalen Bridge and the High Street.
"Formerly a three bedroom house, the property is currently subdivided into two separate flats spread over two floors. The ground floor contains a one bed flat, while the first floor contains a one bed flat. Both will be sold as one proposition, and offered with no chain"
"A rarely available opportunity to acquire a substantial duplex penthouse apartment in a prime, central Headington location with living accommodation, private balconies and unrivalled views over Oxford."
"Well-situated Victorian Semi Detached property in New Hinksey, within a mile of the City Centre and Grandpont Nature Park, offered to the market with no onward chain. The accommodation comprises a cosy living room, a contemporary kitchen and shower room. There is also a useful utility..."
"A well presented two double bedroom semi-detached house, conveniently situated for access to Oxford City Centre, Cowley Business Park and BMW Mini Plant. EPC Rating D"
"This contemporary two bedroom apartment benefits from two bathrooms, allocated parking and is offered chain free. Ideal for investors as it comes with a tenant in situ currently paying £1540 per month. Applications for residential purchase may be considered."
"A beautifully updated two bedroom home with off-street parking for multiple vehicles, ground floor study/playroom, conservatory and generous rear garden."
"Three bedroom semi-detached home with an enviable cul-de-sac position benefitting from two reception rooms, front and rear gardens and a detached garage. A great house in a fantastic location."
This five bedroom semi-detached property is an ideal investment opportunity available with no onward chain and an HMO licence for seven occupants.
Conveniently located three bedroom semi detached home.
"Situated between University Parks, Swan / Cherwell Schools and the JR in Fane Road, a larger terrace property requiring modernisation and refurbishment throughout . Outside the property is set back from the road with a long front garden a rear garden with and rear driveway parking giving it th..."
"Three bedroom semi detached home in the delightful Florence Park area with planning permission for double story side and rear extension. The property is being offered to the market with no onward chain and would make a substantial family home. Accommodation: Entrance hall, three good size bed..."
"Three bedroom semi-detached home that has undergone a quality transformation, the property has been extended to the rear with a neutral décor and good standard of finish throughout. Offering a comfortable and social residence that would be ideal for entertaining guest's and make a lovely f..."
A superbly presented two bedroom property located in central Headington which has recently undergone an extensive programme of modernisation. Call now to view this lovely home on .
An intruiging semi detached house forming the rear wing of a substantial detached house with off road parking and private garden in this popular location. Superbly presented and surpsisingly spacious two bedroom accommodation arranged over two floors including a recently renovated kitc...
"Set on a charming road, this three bedroom character property offers scope to modernise throughout. The property is sold with no onward chain and benefits from front and rear gardens, parking and a single garage"
"4 bedroom HMO, mid terraced house situated on the popular Valentia Road. The property compromises of Three Double Bedrooms & 1 Single Room, Open plan Living Room/ Kitchen and Bathroom. It is currently tenanted until the end of August 2023 and is achieving £2,200 PCM."
" A period family home with a lovely presentation and many character features situated in a popular side road on the fringes of Oxford City, well located for public transport and amenities.SUMMARYA semi detached house built in 1930's with a long rear garden and off street parking for three cars. ..."
"A well-presented three-bedroom semi-detached home located in a small private development in Botley. The accommodation comprises an entrance hall, a..."
A stylish Edwardian property situated close to Florence Park and with the advantage of an approx. 95 ft south facing garden.
If you have been looking for your first family home then look no further. This semi-detached property has three bedrooms and a modern kitchen/diner and bathroom too. The added bonus is the front and rear gardens with off road parking as well! Call us to book your viewing today. 
A beautifully presented two double bedroom ground floor apartment with allocated parking located in the ever popular Cumnor Hill. 
"This beautifully presented light and airy two double bedroom ground floor apartment located on the Banbury Road, Summertown, ideal for those who commute into the city or want to be within a short walk to the local shops, restaurants and bars within Summertown or Oxford. A private accessed front ..."
Stylish central Oxford living.
"A beautifully presented, newly refurbished 2 bedroom apartment on the first floor of The Chilterns, a highly sought after City Centre development. This would make a great home or an ideal investment apartment."
A spacious two-bedroom apartment with allocated parking located in this desirable city centre gated development.
"An opportunity to acquire a 1930?s semi-detached house providing well-proportioned 3 bedroom accommodation, driveway parking and garden.  "
"Martin & Co welcome to the market a Two Bed First Floor Flat located in Radley House, Marston Ferry Road. The flat will be sold with Tenants in Situ and will be offered with No Onward Chain. The flat comprises of Two Bedrooms, Spacious Open-Plan Living Space, Kitchen and a Bathroom. The flat..."
"***ATTENTION ALL FAMILY HOME SEEKERS/LANDLORDS OR INVESTORS !!! NOT TO BE MISSED !!! BOOK YOUR VIEWING TODAY !!!
Situated in the corner of a residential cul-de-sac, a well-presented and deceptively spacious three-bedroom f terrace house, offering on-road parking, Situated approx 1 mile from the C..."
"This well presented home is situated in Cowley, just 0.4 miles from Templars Square, offering several amenities such as restaurants, bars, shops and supermarkets. Here you can find transport links to Oxford City Centre and the hospitals. This home benefits from driveway parking and three bedrooms"
"A three bedroom semi-detached house with back and front garden in a popular residential area ideally located for both the city centre, schools and colleges, free road parking, 5 minutes' walk from shopping centre and several bus lines to station and city centre. Sold with no onward chain A love..."
"This second floor apartment benefits from an allocated parking space and is situated off the Abingdon Road. It is located 0.7 miles away from Oxford City Centre where you can find all the local amenities. There are also bus stops to the local hospitals, Oxford Train Station and various destinations"
"A two bedroom home with allocated parking situated in a cul-de-sac in Iffley Village, just over a 500 yards walk to the Iffley Lock & the River Thames."
"Three bedroom house with parking and good size garden, presented in modern condition throughout."
This three bedroom terrace property is situated 0.7 miles away from Oxford City Centre. It is being sold with no onward chain.
Charming bay fronted Victorian family home with extensive character features in a superb location on a quiet no through side road in Temple Cowley available with no onward chain. The well-presented three bedroom accommodation is arranged over two floors and includes two well-proportion...
"A two bedroom bungalow situated in Saint George's Manor, within period conversion in a gated community. "
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! - a family home that has been extended and provides larger than average ground floor accommodation by creating a good size dining room is offered for sale with the added benefits of double glazing, GAS central heating and enclosed gardens. This property is highly recommended."
"Sold with no onward chain is this well presented three bedroom bungalow. The property benefits from front and rear gardens, a single garage with power and well proportioned bedrooms all whilst being situated at the end of a cul-de-sac in a village location."
"Beautiful two bedroom apartment in the sought after Mosaics development with wonderful countryside views. Stylish, light and spacious property with a superb open plan sitting / dining room and a contemporary fully fitted kitchen, two double bedrooms with built in wardrobes, a modern en..."
A well appointed two bedroom ground floor apartment with parking and private South facing patio.
"A beautifully presented three bedroom extended semi detached family home providing spacious accommodation with garage, parking and gardens all set in the sought after village of Kennington. EPC rating D"
"Martin & Co welcome to the market this Two Bedroom, Two Bathroom Apartment located in Lincoln House, RewleyRoad which is situated in the heart of Oxford. Will be sold with No Onward Chain. The apartment comprises of Two Bedrooms, Spacious Living Room, Two Bathrooms( one of which is the En-Su..."
This well present family home is being sold with no onward chain. Situated on a no through road this property benefits from off street parking for two cars with side access to the rear garden. This home is located 0.2 miles from the nearest bus route to Oxford City Centre and the local amenities.
"Extended mid terrace house in popular Sandhills location Accommodation comprises bay fronted sitting room, spacious open plan kitchen / dining room with doors to the garden and a ground floor shower room. Four bedrooms arranged over two floors and a first floor family bathroom "
If you've been looking for a four bedroom property which is modern and well presented throughout then look no further! This property has a gorgeous kitchen and bathroom and the added bonus of an Annexe in the garden which is perfect for guests or family. Call us to book your viewing today!
"A delightful modern two bedroom home situated within walking distance of the John Radcliffe Hospital and nearby shops. The property further benefits from off road parking on drive and private gardens. The property comprises entrance hall, cloakroom, open plan living/dining room with double asp..."
"A well-proportioned three double bedroom family home with the advantage of a loft conversion, established garden and driveway parking."
"With access to great schools and a beautiful park with an outdoor swimming pool, this three-bedroom home makes getting to the centre of Oxford by foot, bike, or on the bus, quick and convenient. Off-street parking, a private rear garden, a block-built outbuilding, make this a property not to miss."
"A beautifully designed and modern purpose built apartment, situated in a highly regarded development with scenic landscaping and communal areas. The location is further desirable amongst medics, academics and commuters, allowing easy access into Headington, A40/M40 to London, the local university..."
"A two bedroom home situated in Iffley Village with allocated parking and garden, just over 500 yards walk from Iffley Lock & the River Thames."
"Situated in the village of Kennington is this three bedroom semi-detached family home. The property offers two reception rooms, downstairs cloakroom and excellent size garden. Kennington is set just south of Oxford and has a regular bus route into Abingdon, Oxford and Radley train station. ..."
"A great opportunity to purchase a two-bedroom first floor apartment just south of the Summertown shopping parade. It offers a desirable prospect both to live in and for investment. The apartment has previously been let for £1,500 pcm. (4% Yield)."
Traditional 1930's semi-detached home.
This well maintained two bedroom bungalow is situated in a quiet no-through road in this highly sought after village location and is available with no onward chain. The house is set back from the road with a pleasant front garden and driveway providing parking for two vehicles alongsi...
Modern central Oxford living.
New to the market is this beautifully presented two bedroom house located in the popular village of Old Marston.
A charming two bedroom period cottage located in the heart of East Oxford.
"A three bedroom detached family home situated on the outskirts of Oxford, with an integral garage, en-suite master bedroom, garden and parking."
Spacious modern ground floor apartment in a superb location on the edge of Iffley Village close to delightful river walks. Immaculately presented two bedroom accommodation with an en suite shower room in addition to the family bathroom. The large dual aspect sitting room has double doo...
"Spacious share of freehold apartment with stylish interiors, a private garden and off road parking superbly located on a side road close to Cowley Road. Beautifully presented light and airy accommodation with period character features including original fireplaces, tall ceilings and st..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire this corner plot, a well-proportioned three bedroom semi detached home in need of refurbishment throughout. An amazing opportunity to make your own and positioned on this popular location in East Oxford. Accommodation: Entrance hall, living room, dining room, kit..."
"A three bedroom home situated in Littlemore, providing easy access to the Eastern & Southern By-Pass as well as Oxford city centre via regular bus services."
"Fantastic four bedroom HMO opportunity on this prime road, the property is currently achieving £1985 PCM, the property has two en-suite bedrooms on the first floor and two bedrooms on the ground floor. Location: Fairlie Road is located in Littlemore, east Oxford, inside the ring road, c..."
"Terraced house in desirable location with three bedrooms, two reception rooms and driveway parking."
A modern and well presented two bedroom coachouse situated in the location of Elms rise in Botley. Can be available with tenants in situ.
"If you have been looking for your first three bedroom family home then this could be it! This property has the added bonus of two reception rooms, an en-suite to the master bedroom and a garden too. Contact us today to book your viewing!"
"Family home situated in Headington, offered with no onward chain. Property boasts three double bedrooms with two bathrooms and a garage to the rear."
"Situated in the Lye Valley area of Oxford is this three bedroom home. The property benefits from front and rear gardens, plus a side plot with detached garage with potential to extend or build subject to planning permission."
Well-presented two bedroom residence sold vacant and CHAIN FREE
The property is a mid-terraced two bedroom house. Private garden to the rear and situated in Northway. Two double bedrooms
A chance to purchase a conversion flat in Summertown. The flat is full of character and benefits from a private garden off the kitchen. The flat has been renovated and presents very well. The flat is situated just off the Woodstock Road and provides access into Oxford and Summertown.
"This Three Double Bedroom HMO, all with ensuites, is sold with tenants in situ on AST until August 2023. Great central cowley location, just a short walk to local shops, restaurants and supermarkets, as well as easy access to the ring road for routes to Oxford and London. Close to Oxford Busines..."
"End-of-terrace home in a pleasant position overlooking Magdalen Wood. Offered for sale with no onward chain, this end-of-terrace home has well-proportioned accommodation over two storeys and features a semi open-plan ground floor arrangement with three distinct areas. Upstairs, there a..."
"A smart ground floor apartment in Woodstock Close, with well-tended communal gardens and the convenience of being less than a mile from Summertown with its shops, restaurants and cafes. Lease 189 years from 25 March 1977 Ground Rent: £75 per annum Service Charge: £..."
"A three bedroom family home with garage and driveway parking, situated in Newman Road, providing easy access to the Eastern & Southern By-Pass."
Four bedroom HMO on this highly regarded setting off Cowley road with once bedroom studio to the rear with tenants in situ. This is a fantastic investment opportunity with favourable rental yield. The main dwelling is achieving £2000 pcm and the studio £600 pcm. Accommodation: Ent...
"Set in leafy grounds, this 61 sq m apartment is just 0.2 miles from the Port Meadow Nature Reserve and only 1.1 miles from Summertown's amenities."
A modern 2 bedroom apartment with off-street parking located on the popular Waterside development. Available to owner-occupiers from early September 2023 with no onward chain or investors with tenants in place & gross yield of c.4.5% at asking price. There is a spacious sitting room & separate mo...
"A well-presented 3 bedroom property with the advantage of a garage, located in a cul-de-sac within sought after Temple Cowley."
"This well presented home is being sold with no onward chain. It benefits from three bedrooms, a family bathroom on the first floor and off street parking. The property is situated 0.7 miles away from Florence Park and 0.3 miles from the local amenities and bus stops to the hospitals and City Centre."
A three bedroom home which is offered for sale with no onward chain. Benefiting from double glazed windows and GCH. Located in Elms Rise.
"Positioned towards the end of this lovely cul-de-sac, well proportioned three bedroom home with low maintenance rear garden. The property would make a lovely home and investment alike due to easy access to the bypass and amenities. There is also a garage located in a separate block. Accommoda..."
3-Bedroom HMO House
"Of interest to investors. An extremely well presented 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom ground floor apartment in a gated development currently let until August 2023 at a gross yield of 4.2%."
***INVESTORS DREAM*** 4 Bedroom HMO!
4 Bed House with Additional Ground Floor Flat to the Rear. This property comes to the market as a 4 Double Bedroom House with 2 Bathrooms and a Self Contained 1 Bedroom Ground Floor Flat to the Rear with Good sized rear Garden. Currently a HMO but can be sold with Vacant Possession. Could us...
"Situated in central Headington and sold with no onward chain is this well presented two bedroom home with parking. The property comprises a kitchen, front reception room and dining room. The first floor offers two bedrooms, shower room and a gallery creating a perfect study area."
"A private two bedroom detached bungalow in this non- estate location on the edge of Wootton at the foot of Boars Hill sold with NO CHAIN with driveway, garage and private garden."
"Detached bungalow with parking and garden located just off the bustling Cowley Road. Offering two double bedrooms, family bathroom and an impressive open plan kitchen and living area. This property can be purchased as an investment with tenants in situ or with vacant possession (curre..."
"Situated in close proximity to Oxford Train Station and within a short walk to the heart of Oxford, this two-bedroom apartment is conveniently located. In addition, Castle Mill Stream is situated nearby, providing ample outdoor space to explore, making this property an ideal choice for many reaso..."
An opportunity to improve and reconfigure.
"This lovely three-bedroom semi-detached house is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in Littlemore with access to many amenities. It has both a garage, off-road and on-road parking. Access to central Oxford is very easy by car, bike or bus. The property is a short walk from a very large Sainsbury&rsqu..."
Chain free vacant three bedroom property with a two story extension in Florence park area.
"A renovated and recently remodelled five bedroom duplex apartment offering private rear garden, off street parking and sold with no onward chain."
"Situated between the JR Hospital and Cherwell and Swan schools in Headington, an opportunity to acquire an extended home with a substantial garden, driveway parking space and no onward chain."
"A two bedroom home situated in a cul-de-sac off Cowley Road, with a south facing garden, less than 300 yards from public transport services into Oxford city centre."
"This family home is being sold with no onward chain. Being situated in Cowley on the corner of Fairlie Road, this property offers three bedrooms, two reception rooms and off street parking. As well as having a detached garage in the private rear garden."
"Three bedroom mid-terraced family home with no onward chain Well-proportioned property conveniently located for the Headington hospitals and the ring road for the A/M40. The house comprises a sitting room with feature fireplace, kitchen / dining room with patio doors to the garden, thr..."
"574 Banbury Road is a well-presented ground floor two-bedroom apartment, situated within a quiet cul-de-sac. The apartment comes to the market end of chain and offers an excellent opportunity for an investment or home in the area."
"Martin&Co welcome this Four Bedroom Semi-Detached HMO House situated on Shelley Road. It also benefits from a One Bedroom studio to the rear. Both the House and Studio currently have tenants in situ and are achieving £2,000 PCM and £600.00 PCM. This is a fantastic investment opportu..."
"Excellently presented one bed apartment offering high quality specification. Spacious living areas with double glazed windows, underfloor heating with hard wood flooring, unrestricted parking to the front and direct access to the back west facing communal garden and sun-terrace offering privacy."
"Sold with no onward chain is this three bedroom home. The property is conveniently located for Oxford Brookes and the JR Hospital, being just a 0.3 mile walk to Brookes and just a 0.6 mile walk to the JR. The property benefits from parking and a rear garden."
" A Three Bedroom mid terrace home in Long Lane, Littlemore, just within the Eastern Bypass with great access dolwn to Cowley Centre, or by car to main transport routes. The Science Park and a number of local business parks are within easy reach, and there are frequent local buses available to an..."
"A spacious first floor apartment situated in a delightful canal side setting which is just a short walk to the train station and Oxford city centre. The property has allocated parking, a balcony overlooking the canal and the benefit of having no onward chain."
A rare opportunity to own an attractive and beautifully presented two bedroom period house in this excusive rural suburb located in the Green Belt just 3 miles from Oxford City Centre. Rose Cottage is a spacious period cottage which has been updated and modernised to a high standard of finish ...
"An extended 1930’s 2 bedroom residence with off road parking and west facing garden, well placed for access to the City Centre (2 miles) and the ring road/A34."
"Situated in the desirable Cheney Lane, a no through road adjacent to the open green space of South Park, and only 1 mile from Oxford City Centre is th..."
Three Bedroom End of Terraced
"A three bedroom family home with a south-west facing garden and a 19'2 x 10'0 outbuilding/office, situated on Barns Road, Cowley centre."
"An opportunity to acquire an attractive three bedroom family home with garage, situated in the Headington Cowley Borders."
"Martin&Co welcome this recently refurbished contemporary Three Bedroom First Floor Apartment situated in the highly sought after development Venneit Close. The property is either being sold with tenants in situ and offering investors a gross yield of 5.98% at the current rate of £2,020 P..."
An opportunity to acquire a 3 bedroom residence with an approx. 100 ft south west facing garden adjoining open countryside with far reaching views.
"A well-presented 3/4 bedroom semi-detached residence with delightful south west facing garden, situated in popular Littlemore."
" This stunning first-floor maisonette is part of a sympathetic refurbishment of a period property, and now offers stylish contemporary accommodation that still benefits from the light, space and high ceilings of an age gone by. A central hallway gives access to each of the rooms, which inclu..."
"Located behind an attractive stone wall and wooden gate on the corner of this popular residential street and opposite a little green is this unique modern home. A well-presented and up-to-date semi-detached house, it has the lovely benefit of a 6.37m (20'11'') long kitchen/diner, ..."
"A well-presented and generously proportioned three bedroom terraced home with the benefit of having no onward chain. The property is very well located for those looking for easy access into Oxford city centre, the ring road and hospitals."
A well-presented two-bedroom first floor apartment set in the highly regarded Lion Brewery development in Central Oxford.
"Have you been looking for your next three bedroom home? This property could be the one for you! With a garden, modern bathroom and open plan lounge/diner too. Call us to book your viewing today!"
"This three bedroom, top floor apartment close to the city centre is available with no onward chain. The property is currently let for £1,950pcm and the tenants take care of all the bills (council tax, electricity, gas, water and internet). Current tenancy contract is until Septem..."
An end-terraced three bedroom home offering a generous-sized plot with planning permission previously granted for a single dwelling. Sold with no onward chain and in need of modernisation.
Chancellors present this 3 bedroom mid terraced property situated in Chillingworth Crescent. Situated approximately 0.9 miles from the Churchill Hospital.
" Retirement living for the over 60’s located very conveniently for Summertown. Lease 125 years from 1 May 1988 Service Charge: £1,560 per annum Ground Rent: £610 per annum Oxford City Council. Tax Band D"
"Two Bedroom Cottage located in the sought after location of Boars Hill, Oxford. This property is a must see, benefiting from two parking spaces"
"Three-bedroom end terraced house, located on the edge of the ever-popular Florence Park and benefitting from a single storey extension, off-street parking to the front and a generous rear garden."
"Allen & Harris are proud to bring this two bedroom bungalow to the market. The property comprises of a master bedroom, a second bedroom, a fitted kitchen and a living area which looks out onto the rear garden. There is also parking for approximately two cars."
"Well presented throughout, this three bedroom home benefits from ample living space, parking for multiple vehicles and private, enclosed, rear garden."
"Stylish contemporary living in a private wooded setting. Well appointed top/second floor purpose built apartment situated close to the open spaces of Shotover Country Park. Spacious accommodation comprises sitting/dining room, separate kitchen with fitted and integrated appliances, two..."
This three bedroom detached house is being sold with no onward chain. It is situated on a no through road on the Littlemore borders. It is in need of renovation throughout but has potential to extend subject to planning to both the rear and loft.
Purpose built apartment situated in Marston. Approx 1.1 miles from the John Radcliffe Hospital and 1.5 Miles from Carfax Tower. Offered with no onward chain.
"Situated in leafy North Oxford, Woodstock Close is an unusually quiet location just off the Woodstock Road."
"A smart, two bedroom, terraced house with garage, affronting a green and situated in a no through road. Set in the catchment of Cherwell School and Cutteslowe primary school the property is also within a mile of Oxford Parkway Station for London. Oxford City Council. Tax Band D"
Situated within a popular residential area within Headington is this vacant three-bedroom semi-detached family home.
"ATTENTION INVESTORS - Smart, one bedroom aparment situated in this sought after location close to Summertown. This one bedroom first floor apartment is currently let until July 2023. Situated on the first floor this bright and airy apartment features an open plan living/dining room, ..."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain, this modern home is well-situated in a sought after development and is ideal for both homeowners and investors."
" A two bedroom period property in need of some updating situated in this popular convenient location in New Hinksey. No onward chain. 3 Green Place is located in a cul-de-sac with a south westerly facing rear garden. The accommodation briefly comprises sitting room, kitchen and bathroom and o..."
"This two bedroom family home benefits from off road parking for two cars, a garage and an enclosed rear garden. Situated on this development, internal viewing is highly recommended."
"Four Bedroom Property - Cowley, Oxford"
"2 bedroom home ideally located for local primary school and Thornhill Park & Ride, in good order throughout situated in Merewood Avenue in Sandhills"
"Sold with no onward chain, a well presented family home within the Cherwell School catchment area well situated for the John Radcliffe and easy access to the ring road."
"Extended and improved family home with spacious accommodation extending to over 1,000 sq ft in this convenient location just 1.25 miles from the city centre with delightful riverside walks nearby. Recently renovated accommodation arranged over two floors including a large open plan kit..."
A beautifully presented ground floor apartment located in a peaceful and private development and offered with no onward chain. 
"SITUATED CLOSE TO COWLEY'S TEMPLAR SQUARE, A FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME. The property comes to market as a potential investment opportunity with tenant in situ or can be purchased with vacant possession. Accommodation comprises; Entrance Hall leading to large sitting room with window to fron..."
"Sold with no onward chain is this modern and stylish two bedroom, two bathroom apartment wit a private terrace balcony located in the heart of Headington with excellent access to local amenities and transport links to London."
This well present apartment is being sold with no onward chain. It is located in the heart of East Oxford on a no through road. The property consist of an en-suite shower room to the main bedroom with another family bathroom. It has a juliette balcony within the sitting room overlooking the gardens.
Situated on a quiet road within Headington Quarry is a three bedroom house on Spooner Close
"This extended Three bedroom property is located in Littlemore. Downstairs there is an extended kitchen/diner and separate lounge, while upstairs there are three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Outside the garden has been landscaped and there is parking."
"Four bedroom semi detached home positioned in this popular setting in East Oxford. The opportunity to acquire this property with vacant possession or tenants in situ. Location: East Oxford is known for its vibrant culture, with a host of shops, restaurants and bars to attract young professi..."
Contemporary ground floor apartment with high specification interiors and direct access to a private garden in a superb location on the edge of the city. Well presented two double bedroom accommodation extending to 750 sq ft with a spacious open plan sitting/dining room benefitting fro...
"A rare opportunity to purchase a south facing, one bedroom, ground floor apartment in this highly sought after development in central Summertown. The property has undergone a number of upgrades and renovations. The property was switched into a one bedroom from a two bedroom property."
"Attractive 1930's semi detached house with extensive rear garden and off street parking located on a quiet cul-de-sac on the edge of the city. Well presented character accommodation including a sunny south facing bay fronted sitting room with stripped pine floorboards, spacious kitche..."
"Viewing is highly recommended!!! A superbly presented 2 bedroom flat situated in this sought after development consisting of two double bedrooms, two bathrooms and spacious reception room as well as a gorgeous balcony overlooking the front of the property. The flat comes with an allo..."
"Martin&Co welcome a Four Bed Mid Terraced House situated on Bailey Road. The property compromises of a Large Reception Room, Dining Area leading into the Kitchen, Bathroom and Four Bedrooms. It also benefits from a Spacious Rear Garden and has side access to the rear. It currently has Tenant..."
*** A superb opportunity to acquire a spacious 3 bedroom ground floor apartment *** The building was originally owned by The Oxford Military College in 1800s and then converted in 2000s. The property is the biggest flat in the building. It features high ceilings and massive...
"Spacious two bedroom townhouse in a leafy quiet no through road. Set on the outskirts of Headington, with excellent access to the ring road network, A/M40 and regular buses to central Headington and the hospitals, Oxford city and London /airports. This three storey townhouse has modern..."
"Situated in St Ebbas Close at the foot of Shotover Country Park, a stylish top floor home with private garden and parking"
"A beautifully finished apartment located just off the Woodstock Road with an allocated garage, a short walk to Walton Street and Oxford City Centre combined with the benefit of a bus stop within easy reach offering access into Summertown and Oxford Parkway train station."
"Offered with no onward chain, this modern end-terraced house in a quiet no-through road with good access to the Oxford Business & Science Parks, ring road & MINI plant. The property offers 2 double bedrooms, bathroom & cloakroom, modern kitchen with integrated appliances, living/dining room with ..."
Beautifully presented three bedroom home situated conveniently close to local amenities and transport links.
"A three bedroom home, with driveway parking and a south-west facing garden, situated in Cowley centre, en-route regular bus services into the Oxford city centre."
Open for cash buyers only. To view this property you must register as a buyer on the Hammer Price Homes website and then book a place on one of the open days. Property is chain free
" A light and spacious south facing two bedroom ground floor apartment for sale with no onward chain, located in Botley this modern flat offers both spacious living accommodation and is conveniently located for transport and nearby amenities. Accommodation: Communal hallway, entrance hall, fam..."
 A ground floor three bedroom apartment located just west of Oxford Railway Station in this purpose built development within a mile of central Oxford and approximately 500 metres off Port Meadow. Venneit Close is within a short distance of central Oxford in an excellent location for student l...
Four bedroom end terrace family home offering ample living accommodation throughout. Offered with no onward chain.
Three Bedroom second floor apartment located in Oxford City. The apartment is rented currently and has a HMO Licence. Good condition through-out and benefits from an allocated parking space. 0.4 miles from the Oxford Train Station. Call now to book viewing.
"A very well presented ground floor apartment recently renovated to a high standard, located in the popular Stream Edge development. Offered with no onward chain. "
"Taylors are delighted to be able to present to the open market this well looked after Three bedroom end of terrace property situated in the Littlemore area of Oxford. The property briefly comprises of; Entrance hall, two reception rooms, downstairs W/C, Kitchen and large rear garden. <..."
"Sold with no onward chain is this three bedroom home that has been extended to the rear, has a renovated kitchen, WC, garage and parking."
"******BEING SOLD BY GOTO ONLINE AUCTIONS, BUYER'S FEES APPLY, STARTING BIDS FROM £350,000****** This property offers spacious accommodation being extended on the ground floor and has a garage conversion to the side. The property comprises of entrance hall, large kitchen/breakfast room, utility r..."
ATTENTION INVESTORS! Set in the heart of Oxford city centre & with a tenant in situ until January 2024 this property offers an intriguing investment opportunity. This top floor 1 double bedroom apartment has an open plan living/dining room & kitchen. The property also has bike storage available t...
Have you been looking for a two bedroom property with a garden too? Then look at this property in a no through road location and open plan kitchen/diner! Book your viewing today! 
A very well presented top floor apartment situated in this sought after retirement development. 
"Contemporary split level two double bedroom apartment. Located in the popular residential area of Headington. Light and bright apartment arranged over two floors with open plan living room / kitchen, ground floor bathroom and two bedrooms. Outside is one allocated car parking space. S..."
Martin & Co welcome to the market this attractive two double bedroom end-terrace home located for easy access to both Headington and East Oxford. The house was built in the 1970s house and has been decorated since into a stylish contemporary home. The ground floor consists of living/dining r...
"This well presented first floor maisonette is being sold with no onward chain. It is located off the Cowley Road. Being situated less than 500ft from the nearest bus stop to Oxford City Centre, this maisonette benefits from having two bedrooms and a bay window in the reception room."
"This contemporary one bedroom flat is located off Banbury road situated 0.6 miles from local amenities with a local shop down the same road. The property benefits from ample storage, spacious living and parking, plenty of natural light and convenient transport links."
"A ground floor leasehold Maisonette with garden, garage and parking, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in the heart of Headington. Located close to hospitals, Brookes University, London/Airport bus stops and well regarded local schools. The property comprises : Outside accessed store cupboard.
En..."
"A ground floor apartment located just of Cowley Road. This property boasts two bedrooms, lounge dining area with bay window and separate kitchen. There is a parking space to the rear as well as a courtyard outside area. The property is being sold with no chain."
An attractive semi-detached house situated well back from the road in a small development within popular Littlemore.
"A Three bedroom terraced property with the opportunity to make it your own. Benefiting from off street parking, rear garden and no onward chain. Positioned in this popular East Oxford residential location. Accommodation: Entrance Hall, Living Room, Kitchen, Family Bathroom, Three First Floo..."
ATTENTION INVESTORS! This modern city-centre development offers a gross yield of c.4.8% & is in a prime position to capitalise on the planned modernisation of the western side of the city. A large open-plan living area contains a modern kitchen & access to a small private balcony. There is also ...
A well-presented two bedroom semi-detached house situated within a poplar location off of the Eynsham Road benefitting from gas central heating and double glazing throughout. The property has the advantage of its own driveway with ample space for multiple vehicles and an enclosed south facing rea...
"Modern three bedroom mid terrace with a garage and private garden in a secluded cul de sac within the village of Littlemore on the edge of Oxford The well presented accommodation offers a large sitting/dining room with bay window, modern kitchen/breakfast room and useful additional con..."
"Ideally situated for the JR and Manor Hospitals, amenities and transport links in Manor Park, a ground floor apartment with parking offered with no onward chain."
This one bedroom apartment is offered to the market with no onward chain. With sitting tenant it would make a great addition to any portfolio
"A well presented second floor apartment in Woodstock Close, with well tended communal gardens and the convenience of being less than a mile from Summertown with its shops, restaurants and cafes. Lease 189 years from 25 March 1977 Service Charge: £1,000 per annum Oxford ..."
"The Gables, perfectly located less than 2 miles from Oxford City Centre. Located within this small select, luxurious and characterful development on the highly sought after Cumnor Hill is this stylish and spacious two double bedroom ground floor apartment with direct access to patio and communal ..."
"A contemporary two bedroom first-floor apartment built in 2007 with accommodation spanning 948 sq. ft and views overlooking the Oxford Golf Club, situated on the boarders of Cowley/Headington."
Attractive two bedroom Cumnor Hill apartment.
"Walk into the city or catch the London bus- Just moments from The High. Offered for sale with no onward chain a well-situated two bedroom top floor apartment located between St Clements and Cowley Road. The accommodation comprises an open plan sitting / dining room, contem..."
"A modern ground floor maisonette located in the sought-after location of Marston. The property features two functional bedrooms, perfect for a young family or professional couple. The open-plan living, kitchen and dining area provides a contemporary space for entertainment and relaxation. The ful..."
A modern end terrace residence with driveway parking and south west facing outside space.
" A two bedroom ground floor apartment within a small private development in a popular residential area. Built by Sweetcroft Homes in 2007, Rippington Court is a development of just 7 properties conveniently located for access to Oxford City, Headington and Summertown. Located on the ground fl..."
"Smart top floor apartment with terrace providing delightful rooftop views, forming part of a small purpose built development of just nine apartments, conveniently situated a short level walk from the excellent facilities available on the Cowley Road. Contemporary two bedroom accommodat..."
"Rare opportunity to acquire a fantastic apartment in North Oxford. No onward chain and sold with vacant possession. Two double bedroom apartment built in 2003, master bedroom with en-suite, situated in a pleasant side road just North of Summertown and within walking distance of the B..."
A fantastic top floor two double bedroom apartment boasting high ceilings and many far reaching views. An excellent first or investment purchase
"A three bedroom terraced home with carport/workshop and multiple outbuildings situated in Blackbird, on a bus route into Oxford city centre."
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Mid Terrace House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £330,000 - £360,000*"
"A great investment opportunity, this two bedroom terrace with front and rear gardens in this peaceful setting close to the heart of Botley in West Oxford, just two miles from the city centre. Bus stops cover all major routes to the city centre, universities and hospitals. The local shops and ..."
"A three bedroom home situated in Blackbird Leys, within close proximity to the BMW Mini Plant, Oxford Science Park and the Oxford Business Parks."
Investment Purchase - Three bedroom home which is in good condition and sold with tenants in situe.
"Situated in Greater Leys, this two bedroom property offers a partially converted garage, which has a study to the back half and still the remaining garage at the front. It benefits from off street parking, two bedrooms and a downstairs WC. It is located 140 yards from the nearest bus stop."
" Superbly presented, generous size two bedroom first floor apartment with balcony, garage and parking . Conveniently located for the John Radcliffe hospital. The property comprises : Entrance hall with a useful storage cupboard and further airing cupboard. Generous lounge dining room with a ..."
"A two bedroom semi-detached home with a south-west facing garden situated in a quiet close in Greater Leys, with easy access to the Oxford Science Park, Oxford Business Parks and the BMW Mini Plant."
"A well situated spacious two bedroom first floor apartment within the highly sought after village of Cumnor. Internally this property consists of an entrance hall fitted with a utility space, bathroom, kitchen, living room and two bedrooms. Externally this apartment offers..."
"Modern ground floor apartment in a secure gated development with beautiful communal gardens superbly located on a no through side road close to Cowley Road and South Park. The apartment comprises a light and airy sitting/dining room with views to the rear over the communal gardens, a s..."
Three bedroom family home which is in a popular village location just outside of Oxford.
"A purpose built top floor apartment located within a one mile radius of Central Headington, local hospitals and Oxford Brooks University. The property is well kept throughout and the building benefits from an intercom entry system and a parking space."
Two bedroom home sold vacant and chain free.
This extended property benefits from three bedrooms on the first floor with a family bathroom. It has two bedrooms on the ground floor with three separate receptions and a separate kitchen. The property is situated 0.4 miles away from the nearest bus stop to the City Centre and the hospitals.
"Two bedroom house located in a cul-de-sac off of Crescent Road, the property benefits from two double bedrooms and has access to Headington and Cowley. Outside the home is an allocated parking space."
"This semi detached property is being sold with no onward chain. Located in a cu-de-sac between Headington and Cowley, this property benefits from off street parking and a garage. Having a conservatory into the private rear garden, this property is located just 0.3 miles from the bus stop to Oxford"
Two bedroom ground floor freehold apartment offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN
"Situated in Headington, is this opportunity to acquire a well presented ground floor apartment with own entrance, en suite to main bedroom, garden, parking and no onward chain."
An immaculate two bedroom house which has been extended to offer a spacious kitchen/dining room which overlooks the rear garden.
"This home is situated on a no through road off Holloway. The property benefits from being between Headington and Cowley borders, therefore frequent transport links to Oxford City Centre and the hospitals. The property is located 0.4 miles from the bus stop and 0.8 miles from the nearest superstore."
"Spacious ground floor apartment in central Headington. This two bedroom leasehold accommodation does require updating throughout but includes a good size sitting room, kitchen / breakfast room, two bedrooms and a bathroom. Outside there is a private garden with patio area, garage, own..."
Ground floor apartment with two double bedrooms and located with excellent access to Abingdon Road.
"A well presented ground floor apartment situated off the Abingdon Road. This apartment is located only 0.4 miles from Redbridge park and ride with transport links to Oxford. This apartment benefits from open plan living, an allocated parking space and a small stoned patio off the reception room."
" A refurbished and modernised two bedroom penthouse apartment with passenger lift access, a west facing balcony and under croft parking space situated approximately one mile south of Oxford city centre. The apartment forms part of the Rivermead Park built in 2004 by Linden Homes on the south ..."
A well presented 1 bedroom first floor apartment with an allocated parking space and the benefit of having no onward chain.
Traditional two bedroom terrace house located in the popular Rose Hill area of Oxford.
A first floor flat enjoying a sheltered corner position set in delightful grounds on this highly regarded and well facilitated development specifically for the over 55s.
"If you have been looking for your next family home then look no further! This well presented, two double bedroom property has gorgeous wooden flooring downstairs, a beautiful garden and garage and off road parking to the side. Call us to book your vewiing today! "
"Situated in a cul-de-sac of Greater Leys, this home features open living/ dining space and allocated parking with a garage. Located just 0.5 miles from the nearest bus stop which goes directly to Oxford City Centre as well as the Kassam Stadium which provides restaurants and entertainment facilities"
A super second floor apartment located in the historic heart of Oxford city centre. The property has wooden flooring throughout & has a bright living/dining room which opens to a modern kitchen. Added to this there is a balcony leading from the living room. There is a good double bedroom & bathro...
New to the market is this stunning 1 bed apartment located in Headington. The apartment was built in 2018 and has only had one owner since it was...
"A charming brick built property. Downstairs there is a lounge, Kitchen and separate W/C. On the first floor there is a bedroom and family bathroom, while on the second floor there is an extra bedroom."
"A modern two bedroom apartment situated in Botley, Oxford. This flat offers an open plan kitchen/living room, skyline views over Oxford and allocated parking."
"A light and airy modern ground-floor apartment benefitting from its own entrance, parking space on drive and a private garden to the rear."
Three bedroom family home sold chain free
"Sold with no onward chain is the two bedroom flat benefiting from driveway parking and a single garage. The property is located at the end of a cul-de-sac in the sought after area of Marston, Oxford."
"CHAIN FREE - A purpose built two bedroom ground floor apartment in need of refurbishment. The apartment is accessed via a communal hallway leading into an inner hall, 17ft bay fronted sitting room, two bedrooms, kitchen and bathroom. The apartment requires full refurbishment throughou..."
Property situated in Headington. Ample living accommodation throughout with multiple reception rooms and 130ft rear garden. Offered with no onward chain.
"A great opportunity to purchase a first floor apartment situated in this converted Victorian house and situated within easy reach of the city centre, Cowley Road and South Park. Offered with no onward chain."
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - A spacious one bedroom maisonette with private courtyard garden in a superb location just off Cowley Road little more than a mile from the city centre. Well presented one bedroom contemporary ground floor apartment with fashionable open plan living space includ...
"This well presented home is being sold with no onward chain. It is located just over 100 yards from the nearest bus stop which takes you directly to the Oxford City Centre. The property is also 0.8 miles from the Kassam Stadium which has restaurants, sporting facilities and entertainment."
Well presented two double bedroom duplex apartment in Kennington. Benefiting from allocated off-street parking and communal gardens.
"Smart first floor apartment with delightful views over communal gardens in a popular development well located for the Business Park and ring road. Well maintained two bedroom accommodation including a bright, sunny dual aspect sitting room with laminate flooring, good sized, well fitte..."
"Nestled within the Beauchamp Lane conservation area, this top-floor apartment comprises two bedrooms and is widely regarded as the finest development of its kind in the Cowley vicinity."
"An opportunity to buy a one bedroom apartment in Oxford town centre. The property is presented to the market in good condition and benefits from being in the town centre. There is a bedroom, bathroom and an open plan kitchen/living area."
"Two bedroom apartment with benefit of rear garden. Situated in the heart of Marston a well-presented two bedroom ground floor apartment, providing close proximity to local amenities and is offered for sale with no onward chain. Previously converted & extended, the apart..."
"This well presented apartment is being sold with no onward chain. It is situated in New Hinksey which is located 1.3 miles from Oxford City Centre. The Oxford park and Ride is 0.5 miles from the apartment, which has transport links to hospitals, Oxford Train station and other destinations."
A unique end of terrace maisonette arranged over two floors ideally situated within 0.7 miles Oxford Trian Station and 1.1 miles of Oxford City Centre itself. Internally you are greeted by an open plan kitchen/diner/lounge space fitted with a kitchen and utility area. Following up the ...
"This well presented apartment is situated on a no through road in East Oxford. Recently being refurbished throughout, this home offers two bedrooms both with fitted wardrobes. Being located on the second floor, the apartment benefits from scenic views visible from different locations."
A top floor apartment with allocated parking situated in this popular residential area to the south of the city centre. The apartment comprises tw...
"Stylish, two bedroom apartment with delightful courtyard garden and parking. Beautifully presented, ground floor apartment set within a leafy no-through road with excellent access to Headington, central Oxford, and the A/M40. The property has been designed and well maintained by the cu..."
"Stylish ground floor garden apartment. Set within this popular development on the outskirts of Headington, with excellent bus links into central Headington and the city, a ground floor apartment offered for sale with no onward chain. The well presented accommodation is compo..."
"A smart, spacious ground floor apartment with direct access to an area of communal garden located on a quiet side road close to Cowley Road. The well presented accommodation extends to over 500 sq ft and is finished to a high standard including a well fitted kitchen with granite workto..."
NO ONWARD CHAIN A well presented modern first floor apartment that is set within gated grounds within three miles of Oxford City centre.
"** Lease extended to 170 years**  A bright and spacious first-floor apartment on a quiet, no through road. Well presented, comprising of two double bedrooms, bathroom, kitchen with breakfast bar, and a generous living room with access to a balcony. To the rear of the property you will fin..."
"This maisonette is set over two floors and features two double bedrooms, with driveway parking space and in need of light refurbishment"
"This two bedroom ground floor apartment has access to a shared garden. The property has two bedrooms, a family bathroom and a L shaped kitchen, dinner and living area. There is also one allocated parking spot. This property is being sold with no chain."
"A two bedroom second floor apartment with allocated parking, en-suite bedroom and multiple balconies, situated on the borders of Cowley/Headington in Brasenose Driftway."
"This well-proportioned apartment is located within very close proximity to the J.R. Hospital and offers two double bedrooms, open-plan living arrangement and a garage. A great buy to let opportunity"
"Forming part of a small private development of just seven apartments built by Sweetcroft Homes in 2005. Flat B is a well-presented ground floor apartment providing accommodation of an open-plan living/kitchen area which is comprehensively fitted with a range of cupboards, drawers and integrated a..."
A second floor apartment forming part of the comprehensive refurbishment of a period house providing six luxurious and beautifully appointed apartments within prestigious Summertown. Every effort has been made to blend original character features with contemporary styling for modern living usi...
"Spacious modern one bedroom ground floor apartment with private courtyard situated in central Headington. Offered for sale with no onward chain this one bedroom property would make an ideal first time purchase, pied a tere or investment property. Own private entrance, large open plan ..."
" A two bedroom first floor apartment situated in this popular location with easy access to Headington and local amenities. The accommodation comprises entrance porch with storage cupboard, kitchen, inner hallway with cloakroom, living room, two bedrooms and a family bathroom. Other benefit..."
Have you been looking for a one bedroom flat in a perfect location to access Oxford City Centre? This well presented ground floor flat has an allocated parking space gorgeous aesthetic and en-suite to bathroom. Call us today to book your viewing!
"Two double bedroom ground floor apartment, with excellent transport links to the city."
A two bedroom first floor apartment just 1.1 miles from central Headington with a 55'3 x 20'4 garden.
"This modern and well presented two bedroom apartment built in 2016 is located down a quiet close in the popular village of Kennington, Oxford. It also benefits from being share of freehold, 993 years remaining on the lease and no ground rent."
"This four bedroom property is being sold chain free. Downstairs there is a reception hall, lounge, kitchen and conservatory. Upstairs on the first floor there are three bedrooms and a bathroom with the fourth bedroom in the converted loft. There is parking to the front."
Sold with no onward chain is this two bedroom ground floor apartment with en suite to the main bedroom. It is located on the Cowley/Headington borders. Please note there is tenant in situ until May 2023.
This well presented maisonette is being sold with no onward chain. The property is situated off the Cowley Road and located just 0.2 miles from the nearest bus route to Oxford City Centre. The property benefits from a private rear garden and its own private entrance.
"*** 3 BEDROOM NON-STANDARD CONSTRUCTION*** This 3 bedroom semi detahced house with sizable plot is located In Barton. Just a short walk from the Barotn shops, and with great connections into town via, bus, car or bike. A great oppurtunity for a first time buyer or investor."
"Sold with no onward chain is this first floor flat with bay window in the front reception room, double bedrooms, kitchen plus bathroom"
"CHAIN FREE - Light and contemporary apartment set in a recently developed complex of fourteen apartments on the sought after Yarnells Hill. Comprising of a large double bedroom, en-suite bathroom and a spacious open plan living/dining room with separate kitchen. PHOTOS TAKEN PRE-TENANCY "
A spacious two bedroom first floor apartment with allocated parking and the benefit of having no onward chain.
"A one bedroom house with a study/guest room, allocated parking and an east-facing garden, situated in Broadfields, Littlemore. Offered with no onward chain."
This modern first floor flat offers a balcony view overlooking the park and two double bedrooms with open plan interior.
"A two bedroom ground floor apartment, situated in Medhurst Way, benefitting from parking and an en-suite bedroom."
"Martin&Co welcome this lovely Two Bed First Floor Apartment situated in Nursery Close. The trendy modern apartment has great links to local amenities and bus routes to the centre of Oxford. The apartment compromises of Two Double Bedrooms which the Master benefits from an En-Suite, an Open P..."
Very well decorated two bedroom first floor maisonette with parking and communal gardens.
"A one bedroom semi-detached house situated on a no through road on the Littlemore/Sandford on Thames borders, benefitting from its own enclosed garden."
"This first floor apartment is being sold with no onward chain and a share of the freehold. Situated only 0.3 miles from the Cowley Road, which offers several amenities and transport links to Oxford City Centre and the hospitals. This property benefits from two bedrooms and an allocated parking space"
"*** 3 BEDROOM NON-STANDARD CONSTRUCTION*** This 3 bedroom semi detahced house with sizable plot is located just off the oval in Rose Hill. Just a short walk from the river, and with great connections into town via, bus, car or bike. A great oppurtunity for a first time buyer or investor."
"Two bedroom, one bathroom ground floor flat situated in Headington. Property is situated 0.9 miles from the John Radcliffe Hospital. Offered with no onward chain"
A well presented two bedroom masionette apartment with allocated parking situated on Horspath Road. This property is being sold with no onward chain and versatile accommodation occupying both first and second floors.
"Sold with no onward chain is this two double bedroom apartment in a gated development. The property benefits from an en-suite, fitted kitchen and family bathroom. The property can be purchased with tenants in situ for any investor."
"A one bedroom upper for apartment located within Ferry Hinksey Road well situated 0.5 miles from Oxford Train Station and 1.4 miles from Oxford City Centre. Internally you have access through the communal areas up to the upper floor through the front door into an entrance hall, bedroo..."
"An ideal investment opportunity - tenants in situ paying £1,250 per month. A re-modelled terraced home benefiting from open plan living with a ground floor extension and utility room. Upstairs there are two bedrooms and a bathroom. The property also benefits from two parking spaces."
"Spacious first floor Apartment, presented in a lovely condition throughout in the desirable village of Kennington. EPC Rating: C"
AUCTION SALE 18 April 2023 - Freehold three bedroom semi-detached houseFull vacant possessionTO SELL YOUR PROPERTY IN OUR NEXT AUCTION CALL US NOW
"Purpose-built, ground floor apartment in modern, gated development. Situated with excellent access to the many amenities of Headington, as well as regular bus services to both central Oxford and London/airports, this ground floor apartment is presented in good order throughout and has ..."
"A one bedroom duplex apartment which benefits from allocated parking, communal gardens and no onward chain. Call branch now to view"
** More photos and floor plan will be added soon ** Taylors are proud to present this gorgeous bright and spacious top-floor apartment. The flat has easy access to ring road for commuters but also within the ring road for easy access to Oxford City Centre. The property feat...
"Sold with no onward chain is this one bedroom apartment. The property benefits from a share of freehold, parking, garden whilst being located in the Lye Valley area just 1.2 miles from the centre of Headington."
"** An attractive one bedroom ground floor apartment under shared ownership scheme located in a highly desirable Iffley location ** The property benefits from a spacious entrance hallway with storage cupboards, kitchen, living/dining room and bathroom. The property offers an..."
Sold with no onward chain this two bedroom apartment is well-presented and located on the fringes of the amenities of Cowley Road.
"A recently converted 2 bedroom first floor apartment with independent entrance, allocated parking and south west facing balcony."
"Top floor, two bedroom apartment situated in the sought after area of Elms Rise, Botley. This apartment benefits from an allocated parking space and 0.1 miles from bus stop to Oxford city centre. Both double sized bedrooms and newly installed electric heating. Call now to book."
"A one bedroom apartment situated in Headington, to the East of Oxford City Centre. The property is located on the ground floor and has a private garden and off street parking. QUALITIES * NO ONWARD CHAIN * One bedroom apartment situated in Headington * Close to extensive amenities and publi..."
"This ground floor apartment is being sold with no onward chain. Being located just off the Iffley Road, this property benefits from being just 0.1 miles from the nearest bus stop to oxford City Centre. This property offers open plan living as well as in built wardrobes in the main bedroom."
"This vacant two bedroom apartment is being sold with no onward chain. Situated on Iffley Road, this apartment has two bedrooms and a reception room leading into the kitchen. This apartment is just 0.1 miles from the nearest bus stop to Oxford City Centre, the hospitals and various other locations."
"Situated in Headington, this family home in need of modernization boasts an open living setup with ample off road parking. Offered with no onward chain."
"Sold with no onward chain is this two double bedroom apartment within close proximity to Headington hospitals, local amenities and transport links to the City Centre/buses to London. The property benefits from a balcony, a lockable bike shed plus additional storage cupboard outside the front door."
"This well situated second floor apartment is being sold with no onward chain. Being located off the Iffley Road, this property is located only 0.1 miles from the nearest bus stop to Oxford City Centre. The Iffley Road also offers several amenities and other transport links to Oxford train station."
This first floor maisonette is situated in a cul-de-sac off a no through road. It offers a garage with an allocated parking space as well as a private rear garden. This well presented home is being sold with no onward chain and is located just 0.2 miles from the bus stop to Oxford City Centre.
"Available to buy is this one bedroom ground floor flat with a private garden and property access, in need of some light refurbishment"
"Situated between Headington's hospitals and the Business/Science Parks in White Road, an opportunity to acquire a substantial and immaculately presented home with allocated off street parking and no onward chain."
"A rarely available property with views of the river and Sandford Lock presented to a good standard comprising 1 double bedroom with fitted wardrobe, Living/Dining room, Fitted kitchen, fitted bathroom, patio garden and allocated parking space. There are limited mooring rights for residen..."
"Modern apartment in tucked away location. Located at the end of a no-through road in a leafy setting, this first floor apartment is offered for sale with no onward chain. The property is presented in good order throughout with the kitchen and bathroom both having been update..."
"First floor apartment situated in this popular development. The accommodation briefly comprises sitting/dining room with juliet balcony to the front, fitted kitchen, double bedroom and en-suite shower room. Outside, the property has an allocated parking space. With good acce..."
New to the market is this unique house located in the Lye Valley area on Dene Road.
"Smart top floor apartment with spacious accommodation and a walk out balcony in a convenient location on the edge of the city close to the ring road, business park and science park. The property would benefit from some redecoration and cosmetic updating but offers surprisingly spaciou..."
Sold with no onward chain is this share of freehold one bedroom apartment. The property is on the first floor and is well presented through. The apartment benefits from a shared garden whilst being within a mile of local amenities.
"A ground floor apartment featuring a living room with patio doors leading to a enclosed private garden, a double bedroom, fully fitted kitchen and shower room. The property also benefits from its off street driveway parking and being offered with no chain."
Sold with no onward chain is this two bedroom apartment. Ideal for first time buyers or investors. Currently the property achieves £1200pcm in rent currently and is well presented throughout. Additional benefits include a garage and allocated parking spot.
Sold with no onward chain is this two bedroom apartment located in a gated development benefiting from open plan living and allocated parking
"If you are looking for a two bedroom property with a great location for Cowley Road and Oxford City, this could be the property for you! With lounge/diner, separate kitchen and the added bonus of a communal garden and allocated parking. Call us today to book your viewing!"
A well presented two bedroom flat excellently located inside the ring road. Ideal for first time buyers or an investor.
" A MODERN, NEWLY REDECORATED ground floor apartment in this fantastic converted block in Cowley, East Oxford - a One Bedroom apartment, ideal for first time buyers, investors, single occupants or couples. It has the benefit of Lounge AND Study, which could instead be utilised as a second Bedroom..."
"Looking for your first home, an investment property or pied a terre? Well presented ground-floor apartment in a leafy setting on the edge of Headington. The accommodation is composed of sitting/dining room, a kitchen which was refitted approximately two years ago to include Zanussi hob..."
"*AVAILABLE NOW* Solo Homes are pleased to offer a range of brand new 2 bedroom apartments on the St Nicholas Place development in Littlemore. Available on a shared ownership basis, this is great opportunity to make your next home purchase more affordable. This developments benefits from being l..."
"A recently refurbished 1 bedroom ground floor apartment comprising of a living room, double bedroom, fully fitted kitchen and shower room. On street permit parking is also available through the local council. This property is being offered as freehold and chain free."
"Located at the base of Cumnor Hill, this one bedroom apartment is offered with no chain and available with tenants in situ paying £1000pcm."
Call now to register early interest. Coming soon to the market this well presented Duplex apartment in the heart of Blackbird Leys.
"**For Sale By Public Auction 19th April 2023 09:00 AM To inspect the legal documents for this property go to our website to download the legal pack** A Vacant Five Bedroom Mid Terrace House in Shell Condition Freehold Guide Price = £230,000+ Location Th..."
"This two bedroom second floor apartment comes with a balcony and a garage. Rarely available with such features, this property has no onward chain"
"Situated on 'The Link', an opportunity to acquire an accommodating ground floor one bedroom apartment with driveway parking space and private outside space, offered with no onward chain."
"A grade II listed converted one bedroom apartment with allocated parking. The property is located in gated access grounds. The property has a lounge/diner, bedroom, family bathroom and a separate kitchen/breakfast room."
This well presented maisonette benefits from a private balcony off the reception room. It has two bedrooms and a family bathroom.
"A two bedroom ground floor apartment with a private entrance and detached garage is located within Compass Close just of off the Littlemore Road. Internally this property consists of an entrance hall fitted with multiple additional storage cupboards, kitchen, living/dining room, two be..."
"SPACIOUS 2 BED APARTMENT WITH PARKING AND GARDEN A larger than average ground floor apartment, located within walking distance of Headington Hospitals and shops. Great transport links with buses into the City Centre and direct to London, access to A34 and A40. This two double bedroom proper..."
"This first-floor one-bedroom apartment has been redecorated in 2021 and offers smart, modern living. It can be offered with with tenants in situ as an on-going investment opportunity bringing in £795pcm, or with vacant possesion from the end of May 2022. The property is set in the west Oxford su..."
"One bedroom apartment situated in St. Lukes Road, Cowley. The property comprises an Open Plan style Living Room / Kitchen, with a separate Double Bedroom and a separate Bathroom. The property is close to a wide range of shops and amenities locally, but is also within easy reach of the vibrant..."
A well presented ground floor apartment situated just 100 yards to public transport links to London and the city centre in Headington
"This well presented apartment is being sold with no onward chain. Being located only 170ft away from the nearest bus stop to Oxford City Centre, this apartment benefits from allocated parking and situated on the ground floor. The Cowley Road offers a range of amenities which is a further 0.9 miles."
"Alistair Redhouse are pleased to offer this one-bedroom flat in a purpose-built complex of age-restricted apartments designed for 'independent living' conveniently located in central Summertown. The apartment is accessed from a communal hallway, the accommodation comprising entrance lobby..."
"Are you looking for a spacious top floor one bedroom apartment? If so, then this well presented property could be just what you are looking for. Interested? Contact us to arrange your viewing appointment!"
"Being Sold by YOPA Online Auction. Starting Bids from £210,000. Buy it now option available. Please call or visit YOPA Online Auctions for more information."
"Situated within 1/4 mile of Brookes University & 1/2 mile of The Churchill, a one bedroom apartment with parking, offered with tenants in situ"
"Well proportioned one bedroom ground floor apartment in good order, ideally situated for the A/M40 and the John Radcliffe hospital"
"A recently refurbished first floor one bedroom apartment comprising of a living room, double bedroom, fully fitted kitchen and shower room. On street permit parking is also available through the local council. This property is being offered as Freehold with no chain."
"This property comprises of a living room, double bedroom, fully fitted kitchen and shower room. This property is being offered as Freehold and is Chain Free."
Extended two bedroom property currently used as two flats. In need of modernisation and benefiting from a garden. Property will be sold as share of freehold if bought as apartment individually.
"A remodelled and recently renovated one bedroom apartment with allocated parking, situated in Temple Cowley, on a bus route into Oxford city centre as well as Oxford Business Parks and the BMW Mini Plant. "
"Two bedroom, one bathroom first floor flat situated in Headington. Property is situated 0.9 miles from the John Radcliffe Hospital. Offered with no onward chain"
"Situated in the stunning grounds of Oxford Beaumont Care Community, Barchester Healthcare are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully decorated TWO BEDROOM assisted/independent living apartment. This is a truly special retirement property.Call us to view today!"
"One bedroom, one bathroom flat situated in Headington. Property is situated 0.9 miles from the John Radcliffe Hospital. Offered with no onward chain"
 A second floor two bedroom apartment situated in the popular Lizmans Court area of Temple Cowley The property is being sold under our modern method of Auction and in the first instance you should register your interest in the property and we will inform you when the viewings can ...
A two bedroom top floor flat with multiple balconies offered with vacant possession and no onward chain.
"This one bedroom flat benefits from an open plan kitchen and living space, a double bedroom with built in storage and a spacious modern shower room. The location of the flat is within three miles of the city centre."
"First floor apartment with an open plan living area, parking and 143 year lease."
"Presented to the market in excellent order, a studio apartment just moments from Central Headington and transport links to Oxford City"
"A well-presented first floor apartment with garage and parking, further benefitting from communal gardens and circa 143 year lease. The property has been refurbished and decorated throughout, with a new boiler and high quality carpets and flooring. The property comprises private entrance door ..."
"Presented to the market, a studio apartment just moments from Central Headington and transport links to Oxford City. The property is sold with tenant in situ and currently achieves £900pcm."
"A one bedroom first floor apartment, with allocated parking and a south-facing garden, situated in a cul-de-sac location."
"Investment opportunity, property sold with tenants in situe. One bedroom ground floor apartment close to transport links and amenities."
Have you been searching for a spacious one bedroom ground floor apartment? This property is well presented and would make a superb first time or investment buy. Interested? Contact us on .
"A first floor flat set on this highly regarded retirement development positioned between Summertown's bustling shopping centre and the heart of Oxford city, offered with no onward chain."
"This well presented first floor apartment is being sold with no onward chain. Being situated less than 600 yards from the nearest bus stop to Oxford City Centre. This apartment benefits from an allocated parking space, communal gardens and having recently been refurbished throughout."
a modern first floor flat with garage located in the littlemore area
"This first floor, purpose built two bedroom apartment is conveniently located for access to Oxford City Centre and Templars Square Shopping Centre."
"Situated on the periphery of Headington, a well presented first floor apartment with allocated parking. Benefiting from separate kitchen"
"** 55 AND OVER ONLY ** The property is on the first floor and has a stair lift.- An attractive 1 bedroom flat with kitchen, shower room and living/ dining room in addition to ample storage in a highly sought after location. There are communal gardens and unallocated off road parking."
"A chance to purchase a 45% share in an apartment. The property is available for £189,000 as a 45% share. Please contact Chancellors to discuss through the property costs. The flat has two bedrooms and a family bathroom. The flat has undergone a number of works as well."
"FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION. Starting Bids £180,000. Terms and Conditions apply. Auction date is 31st March 2023. A smart One Bedroom ground floor apartment with communal gardens in this excellent location in East Oxford, just off Cowley Road itself, close to shops, cafes, restaurants and..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this superb 70ft X 12'6 widebeam launch, designed and built to a high, bespoke specification in 2006, with the completion of the professional fit-out over two years. Very well maintained and an ideal constant cruiser or floating home"
"A smart One Bedroom ground floor apartment with communal gardens in this excellent location in East Oxford, just off Cowley Road itself, close to shops, cafes, restaurants and supermarkets, as well as a wide range of other amenities, providing great access to local business and science parks and ..."
AVAILABLE NOW: 2 Bedroom Second Floor Apartment in Oxford through the Shared Ownership scheme. 
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** Two bedroom ground floor maisonette, with parking in a good location."
" FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION. Starting Bids £175,000. Terms and Conditions apply. A SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM ground floor apartment benefiting from driveway parking and private rear garden, in the village of Littlemore on the edge of Oxford, close to the Oxford Science Park as well as a numb..."
"A SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM ground floor apartment benefiting from driveway parking and private rear garden, in the village of Littlemore on the edge of Oxford, close to the Oxford Science Park as well as a number of trading estates and business-parks, BMW plant and with good access to the main hospit..."
This modern double unit park home is well-positioned at the entrance to this popular site on the edge of Oxford. It offers generous accommodation and is very well-presented throughout with a stylish modern kitchen and a recently updated contemporary shower-room. CALL NOW TO ARRANGE A VIEWING!
Two bedroom first floor retirement apartment which has recently been redecorated and is in lovely condition. The property has a large open plan lounge with kitchen area.
"A lovely contemporary 1 bedroom retirement flat for the over 60's in a sought after building and situated in a beautiful part of North Oxford, A variety of supermarkets, shops, banks etc. are located in Summertown."
One bedroom ground floor apartment within access to communal gardens
"Situated in the stunning grounds of Oxford Beaumont Care Home, Barchester Healthcare are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully decorated ONE BEDROOM Assisted/Independent living apartment. This is a truly special retirement property.Call us to view today!"
"Facilities at Emden House include an on-site manager and part-time administrator, secure entry and a warden control system connected to each Flat. Emden House has lovely communal gardens, a library, residents common room and is just a 1 mile walk to Bury Knowle Park, 0.3 miles from Waitrose."
"* Well Presented South Facing 1 Bedroom Apartment (lift to all floors) * Age Restrictive Development Offering Independent Living Aimed At The Over 60´s * Hall, Living/Dining Room, Double Bedroom, Kitchen, Shower Room, Storage Heating, Dble Glazing & Communal Facilities *"
"This park home is in excellent condition and is equipped with 2 double bedrooms, a fitted kitchen, a spacious living area, and family sized bathroom. The property has a good amount of outdoor space including gardens to three sides and off road parking for a number of cars which is desirable."
"A wonderful opportunity to acquire a smart, modern apartment in a very desirable location on a shared ownership basis.The property is a two bedroom apartment on the first floor of this sought-after development. It comes with a parking space and use of communal gardens and is very well located for..."
"The property is offered for sale on a shared ownership scheme, the advertised price is for a 40% share, the rent payable on the unowned share is £651.70 per month. The service charge and buildings insurance is £96.21 per month."
This modern 40% shared ownership first floor flat offers a balcony view overlooking the park and two double bedrooms with open plan interior.
"A very well presented one bedroomed single park home is in a great location, tucked away on the popular St Nicholas Park site in Old Marston on the edge of Oxford. This property has been well maintained by the current owners and offers gas central heating, uPVC double glazing and a cosy log-burner."
This two bedroom park home presented in excellent order throughout being sold with no onward chain. Viewings recommended.
A 50% share of a two bedroom apartment available to over 55's only. The property is sold with no onward chain and is well presented throughout.
* One Bedroom Apartment Positioned On The Second Floor (lift to all floors) Of This Welcoming Age Restrictive Development Offering ´Independent Living´ Aimed At The Over 60´s Elevated Views Over Botley Park * The Development Has Both Well Presented & Maintained Communal Areas *...
"Over 60's only. Retirement property. Centrally located to Oxford City Centre this one bedroom apartment benefits from communal gardens, residential parking space and clothes washing services. Independent living set up with on site warden. No onward chain."
"Over 55s first floor apartment with stair lift benefitting from one bedroom, kitchen/diner, bathroom and lounge area with access to communal gardens."
"Set on a surprisingly large plot on this ever-popular residential site, this spacious single park home offers generous accommodation and benefits from from LPG (supplied by FloGas) gas central heating and uPVC double glazing. This home would be ideal for a couple as there is NO AGE RESTRICTION on..."
"This ground floor apartment is being sold on a shared ownership scheme with a 35% share and with no onward chain. Being located just off the Iffley Road, this property benefits from being just 0.1 miles from the nearest bus stop to Oxford City Centre."
"(Was £87,500 02/02/2023 - 04/03/2023 Now £84,875) ** An attractive one bedroom ground floor apartment under shared ownership scheme located in a highly desirable Iffley location ** The property benefits from a spacious entrance hallway with storage cupboards, kit..."
"One bedroom retirement apartment centrally located and presented in good condition, sold with no onward chain ,suitable for over 55's. A one bedroom retirement apartment locate on the top floor, benefitting from a private balcony with garden views and lift. A wide range of services are provided..."
"A shared ownership one bedroom ground floor apartment, with a communal garden; located within the periphery of Headington. The property offers no chain and is ideal for first time buyers. The share available is 40%."
A first floor retirement apartment with private balcony located in a popular and well served development close to central Summertown. The apartment is conveniently located on the first floor with a balcony overlooking well maintained grounds. The property consists of a double bedroom w...
Shared Ownership - 25% Share for Sale One Bedroom First Floor Maisonette
