Summary
"Tortoise Property are delighted to offer this well presented three bedroom house in the popular location of Harmony Grove, Hampton Gardens."
"Attention Investors... An established large detached property situated in the sought after location of Thorpe Lea Road, Peterborough with great access to local schools, amenities and transport links. Ideal as an investment property to be developed into apartments offering over 21 different rooms."
"Fantastic Unique House offers comfortable living in the main House with the addition of a SEPARATE TWO BEDROOM ANNEXE with SUN ROOM, multiple gardens and within a walled plot. The current owners have also looked into potentially extending the MAIN HOUSE resulting in approx 21 separate Apartments."
"A stunning five bedroom family home, with flexible living accommodation set in the conservation area of Peterborough."
"Part residential, part commercial opportunity comprising of; entrance hall, lobby, living room, dining room, kitchen, utility, family room, conservatory, office, ground floor WC, master bedroom with en suite, two further double bedrooms, single bedroom, family bathroom, loft, tandem garage and co..."
"This fabulous house is in the beautiful rural location of Alwalton with great commuter routes to the A1, A605 and Peterborough. The property would make an amazing family home, backing down to the river with potential for its own mooring."
"Stepping onto the plentiful driveway of this six bedroom home, there is no doubt you
are somewhere special"
"Set on a plot of a third of an acre and offering over 3800sq ft of living accommodation, this six bedroom home with a separate, self contained annexe sits in central Peterborough, just a stones throw from Central Park and the City Centre. If you want space, this could be your next home........"
A Stunning five bedroom individually architect designed detached property situated on an exclusive private road offering stunning views to the surrounding area. The property offers spacious contemporary accommodation and is presented to a very high standard. MATTERPORT TOUR AVAILABLE
"Plot 12 - The Douglas-Firr is a Stunning Five Bedroom Home, set within the Hamptons Country Park, this executive home offers contemporary modern living with views over the lake."
"Live the dream at The Hamlets, Plot 17 - The Douglas-Firr is a Stunning Five Bedroom Home, set within the Hamptons Country Park, this executive home offers contemporary modern living with views over the lake."
"A well-established and extended four bedroom detached property set on a substantial plot on the sought after Road of Thorpe Avenue in Peterborough, boasting a wealth of character throughout and beautifully landscaped mature gardens."
FREEHOLD INVESTMENT! PORTFOLIO OF PROPERTIES. Situated close to local amenities and easy access to popular schools and close to the City Centre and Train Station. 2 x 3 BEDROOM HOMES and 3 CONVERTED HOUSES to 6 ONE BEDROOM FLATS. Please call for further information.
"This executive detached family home offers FIVE BEDROOMS with FOUR BATH/SHOWER ROOMS upstairs, whilst downstairs the property benefits from THREE RECEPTION ROOMS and a stunning kitchen with centre island. "
RARE OPPORTUNITY - LINCOLN HOUSE - LARGE PLOT - STUNNING DETACHED PROPERTY - NO CHAIN - REMOTE SETTING - PRIVATELY GATED ACCESS - HIGH SPEC FINISH - DETACHED HOME OFFICE - VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - PERFECT SETTING - TWO EN SUITE BEDROOMS - FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS - MUST SEE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION P...
"A stunning stone family home that has been lovingly extended to provide the best of modern living, it comprises an entrance hall, two reception rooms, and a large open-plan kitchen/breakfast/family room with French doors onto a patio/entertaining area. A utility room, WC and closet complete the g..."
"Mandairs is pleased to offer this beautifully presented 6 bedroom detached house in the sought after location of The Village in Orton Longueville. Providing a 22ft lounge, a 25ft open plan kitchen/diner, air conditioning, a double garage, off road parking for several cars and adapted living access."
"A beautifully presented five bedroom detached property in the sought after location of Werrington set on a large plot. Briefly comprising of 5 bedrooms, 3 reception rooms, 2 en-suites, 2 further bathrooms, converted garage, large gardens, driveway and gated access"
"Set on the tree-lined street of Broadway Gardens and offering over 2500 sqft of internal living accommodation across three floors, this outstanding family home is offered for sale with no onward chain."
"A stunning, extended, detached four bedroom family home in a prime city location with glorious open-plan kitchen/family room with bi-fold doors to a West-facing garden. NO ONWARD CHAIN. Contact our office to register for further details or to book a viewing appointment."
"Strike is pleased to present this property in Peterborough. An architect-designed, brand-new detached home, built in stone, with spacious Double Garage in the beautiful hamlet of Chesterton on the outskirts of Peterborough.  Set back from the Oundle Road and approached through a mature..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire the south wing of a beautifully presented Grade II* listed former rectory which is believed to be the third oldest building in Peterborough, dating from the 13th century. Situated in a woodland setting of a private development comprising of six individual homes."
"Plot 15 -The Birch a Stunning Four Bedroom Home, This community of executive homes offer a contemporary modern living style."
"This stunning, five bedroom, heavily extended, detached family house, offers a self contained one bedroom annex and a huge range of flexible family living."
"A very well presented family home which is set in a pleasant location & offers well proportioned accommodation to comprise: entrance hall, lounge, kitchen diner, utility, downstairs wc, three bedrooms, ensuite to master, family bathroom, gardens, single detached garage & driveway for several cars."
"**Offered with No Forward Chain!** City and County Peterborough are excited to present this end of terrace home, located in a popular central location, close to local shops, schools, colleges, and the new University. This home would be perfect for a first-time buyer or investor. Benefitting from ..."
"Nestled within a private road, this bespoke self-built home is striking and unique in every sense of the word. If you are looking for something special, then look no further."
A rare opportunity to purchase a Grade II listed stone-built former farmhouse (in need of renovation) together with adjoining stone barns for conversion into two spacious detached dwellings. In a sought-after conservation village. (Ref: 8543B).
A rare opportunity to purchase a Grade II listed stone-built former farmhouse (in need of renovation) together with adjoining stone barns for conversion into two spacious detached dwellings. In a sought-after conservation village. (Ref: 8543N).
"The Ashwood, a stunning Four Bedroom Home, set within the Hampton's Country Park. This unique, individually designed executive home offers contemporary modern living."
"An extended beautifully presented 5 bedroom home, in a central, sought-after location just off Westwood Park Road on Woodfield Road. Offering spacious accommodation throughout including a bespoke handcrafted kitchen, 4 reception rooms, and good-size gardens and driveway leading to a tandem garage."
"Welcome to The Old Rectory on Oundle Road, a Grade 2 listed building dating back to the 17th century with a unique history, set in the heart of Peterborough."
"Cherry Stones sits on a prominent plot on Cherry Orton Road, in Orton Waterville. Built in the late 1970's and using the original stonework from the old farmhouse, this five bedroom detached home is an ideal family home."
"Situated in a Central part of Peterborough, this must see property offers easy access to motor way links, amenities, schooling, Peterborough Regional College, transport links, Peterborough town park and located a short distance away from the main City Centre and train station."
"Strike is pleased to present this impressive property located in a sought-after location of Peterborough, within walking distance of Ferry Meadows.  The property offers versatile accommodation set over four floors.  To the front of the property is a large private driveway leading to ..."
"Being sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £640,000."
This executive style detached property located in one of the most sought after areas of Peterborough off a private shared drive and close to ferry meadow's park and allowing easy access to Peterborough city centre. This property would be ideal for the family!
City & County are excited to present this brilliant FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED executive family home located in a quiet cul-de-sac in Orton Northgate and decorated to a high standard! This property would be perfect for a growing family or someone looking for plenty of space to enjoy. The property ...
"£615,000 - £645,000 (Guide Price) This beautiful five-bedroom detached family home is on an exclusive modern estate consisting of similar-style homes located off Thorpe Road and developed around the Grade II listed Gables building. Adjoining school playing fields to the rear..."
"***CALLING ALL INVESTORS, MUST BE VIEWED *** *** THREE X 1 BED FLATS & ONE x 2 BED FLAT - PLANNING WAS GRANTED FOR 2 COMMERCIAL UNITS ON THE GROUND FLOOR******FOUR APARTMENTS*** | 2 COMMERCIAL UNITS | INVESTORS' DELIGHT | TERRACED | DECEPTIVELY LARGE | CENTRAL PETERBOROUGH LOCATION | SITUATED CL..."
"Detached property in Sunningdale. Property comprises in brief; entrance hall, cloakroom, study, lounge, open dining area, kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, double garage, four double bedrooms, open landing, en suite shower and family bathroom, Front & rear gardens. No Forwarding Chain."
"Guide Price (£600,000 - £650,000) Offered for sale with no onward chain. Make yourself at home at Holywell Close. "
"Mandairs is pleased to offer this beautiful family home to the market. The property benefits from having a commercial licence, four double bedrooms, a 24ft lounge, an open plan kitchen/dining area, a double garage and a driveway via remote electric gate. Situated on a large plot with outbuil..."
"Based in popular Netherton, this modern Eight bedroom extended home is walking distance from Jack Hunt school, Long Thorpe Primary and Nursery Care. Fully supported by local shops, amenities & Peterborough City Hospital it is also within easy reach to the City with it quick Road and Rail links."
"** GUIDE PRICE £590,000 - £630,000 ** Based in popular Netherton, this modern EIGHT-bedroom, heavily extended property, is within walking distance from Jack Hunt school and Long Thorpe Primary. Offering easy access to local shops, amenities and Peterborough City Hospital. The property benefits fr..."
"Based Just off Thorpe Road, this immaculately presented 4 bedroom home has been extended and much improved. Includes some lovely features, Log burner, Tiered Garden, Office, Music Room and modern Kitchen and Bathrooms. Close to the Peterborough School, Shops and West Town Primary Academy."
This Grade 2 listed beautiful character Georgian property boasts accommodation over 3 floors and is in a prominent spot in Orton Waterville.
"*** RARE OPPORTUNITY *** ""Offers are invited in excess of £550,000 for this generous bay fronted property which has the potential to be converted to 3 apartments or alternatively a spacious family home with an annex. Located in a sought-after location that is close to Werrington and Brot..."
"***Offered with no forward chain!***This is a UNIQUE DETACHED property that is currently being renovated into three separate apartments, however this can be changed to either commercial or residential use. It is conveniently positioned for local amenities, transport links, Itter Park and Peterbor..."
"City & County are pleased to market this beautifully spacious, FIVE-BEDROOM DETACHED property, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac, five minutes away from Peterborough City Centre, in the sought after location just off Thorpe Park Road. Offering easy access to the train station, local schooling and am..."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this beautifully presented and immaculate detached bungalow, offering four bedrooms, double garage with off road parking, large rear garden and completely decorated to a very high standard. Located in the sought after location of Longthorpe."
Sharman Quinney are pleased to welcome this four bedroom detached family home which is located in Longthorpe. This property is well presented with a refitted kitchen and en-suite to master.
"Presented with period features and located on Park Road close to the city centre with all its amenities. This four bedroom Detached Chalet Bungalow comprises of entrance hall, living room. dining room, kitchen/diner, bathroom, shower room and four bedrooms."
"* The Weaver * brand new & chain free home with a 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * OPEN PLAN kitchen, dining & family room with doors to garden * DUAL ASPECT living room * utility room * EN SUITES to bedrooms 1 & 2 * dressing area to bedroom 1 * call us today for details on this home!"
"This unique 1957-designed three-bedroomed detached house is a much-loved family home, situated on an unusually large plot and featuring a contemporary open-plan kitchen-dining-living area, plus a further lounge, overlooking a well-kept south-facing garden."
"A beautifully presented, 1930's semi-detached family home, situated in the sought after central location of Westwood Park Road in Peterborough, close to the amenities and facilities of the city centre, including the main-line train station serviced with fast and frequent links into the Capital."
"A beautiful detached property on Oliver Road in Hampton Vale. The property, in brief, comprises of; entrance hall, living room, study, kitchen, ground floor WC, conservatory, five double bedrooms, two en suites, family bathroom, garden and double garage."
"Home 201 - The Birch is an outstanding detached family home, with a double garage and 2 parking spaces.
From the front-facing study/dining room and centrepiece sitting room the downstairs starts off with a bang. To the rear of the home, the kitchen, family, dining area is the showcase..."
"*LAKE VIEWS*  Plot 232 ***PART EXCHANGE* to The Oundle *** £12,997 stamp duty paid* if your a home mover**includes all flooring and carpets - Integrated garage, BRIGHT AND SPACIOUS INTEGRATED kitchen/dining room, FOUR PIECE FAMILY BATHROOM, en suite and dressing area to bedroom one, plus SEPAR..."
Looking for the perfect Family home in the heart of Peterborough? Elmfield Road will be ticking all your box's We delighted to offer this Four Bedroom Detached House on Elmfield Road situated in Peterborough's City Centre. This spacious family home is set back from the main road and offers a ...
"This four bedroom detached family home is set in the sough after area of South Bretton. This lovely home comprises of three reception rooms, four bedrooms and double garage."
SOLD WITH NO CHAIN - FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - WALKING DISCTANCE TO CITY CENTRE - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - TWO RECEPTION ROOMS - PRIVATE REAR GARDEN - PARKING FOR THREE CARS - GARAGE - TO FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION CONTACT THE SALES TEAM ON
DETACHED HOUSE FOR SALE - FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS - FOUR BEDROOMS - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - IDEAL FAMILY HOME - DOUBLE GARAGE - MUST SEE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"Looking for a place to call home in Longthorpe? Then you may have just found it.A light and airy generously proportioned home with grounds to match, this detached home should be on your list of homes to view.Conveniently located with easy reach of sought-after Junior and Senior S..."
"We welcome to the market this LARGE four bedroom DETACHED family home which is being sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN. This property benefits from having FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS, DRIVEWAY and DOUBLE GARAGE."
"Beautifully presented three bedroom detached chalet style property in Mill Crescent, Orton Waterville. Benefitting from lots of internal space downstairs, large plot front to back and in very good decorative order throughout. This property must be viewed to be appreciated!"
"Situated in the popular development of Sugar way is this deceptively large FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED family home. The property offers convenient access to the City Centre, Train Station, Schooling, Amenities, Green Wheel Cycle Paths. The property is located on the south side of Peterborough."
"A well presented family home, set in a popular location and offering accommodation to comprise: entrance hall, lounge, dining room, study, kitchen breakfast room with utility area, downstairs wc, four bedrooms, ensuite to the master, family bathroom, gardens, garage & driveway."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this beautifully designed family home. This delightful property boasts over spacious accommodation throughout and benefits from a corner plot, situated down a quiet cul-de-sac. The potential with this property is endless to make it your own to suit your family's needs."
"An amazing detached property on Lockwood Way in the highly sought after Hampton Waters. In brief this property comprises of; entrance hall, living room, dining room, study, kitchen/breakfast room, utility area, master bedroom with en suite, two further double bedrooms, one single bedroom, family ..."
"*NO CHAIN* MUST VIEW* SUGAR WAY * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this five bedroom 3 storey detached home Located in Sugar Way Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, open plan kitchen/diner, family room, cloakroom, utility room, five bedrooms, 2 en-suites, family ..."
"Sharman Quinney are delighted to offer this immaculate 5 bedroom property in the popular Sugar Way Development. This property benefits from off road parking, a converted garage and 5 large bedrooms with 2 en-suites."
"Firmin & Co present this beautiful 5 bedroom detached family home with lake views on County Road, Hampton Vale. In brief the property comprises of; entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility room, five double bedrooms, two en-suites, family bathroom and a double garage."
DESCRIPTION*MUST VIEW *Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this stunning five bedroom detached family home. This home is ideally situated to take advantage of the outdoor space Hampton has to offer with its super walks and lakes as well as a range of shops at Serpentine Green. Internally...
"Well presented detached family home with a motivated seller and NO ONWARD CHAIN located in the sought after development of Hampton Hargate. The property offers five bedrooms, three en suites, two reception rooms, kitchen breakfast room, cloakroom and utility, tandem garage with parking "
This FIVE/SIX BEDROOM detached family home with DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE is located on the desirable Sugar Way development and comprises over 1800 SQUARE FEET of living space. Must be viewed to be fully appreciated.
"*** Guide Price £480,000 - £500,000*** City and County are extremely excited to market this four-bedroom detached property located in a desirable area of Longthorpe. With easy access to schools, Peterborough City Centre, local pubs and restaurants, this property is a perfect family home. "
"*** GUIDE PRICE £480,000 - £500,000*** Situated within close proximity to Peterborough City Centre, City and County are excited to market this Immaculate, four-bedroom detached property. This property has recently been renovated and is now in an immaculate condition. The property is ready to move..."
"4 BEDROOM detached family home with DOUBLE GARAGE and large SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN. The proeprty is in a CUL-DE-SAC and has an Entrance hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room with open plan to Utility Room and a WC. The first floor has 4 bedrooms, bathroom and an ensuite to Bedroom 1..."
"VIEWING ESSENTIAL….well-presented executive family home situated in a popular cul-de-sac location. Benefits from FOUR BEDROOMS, en-suite to master, lounge, kitchen, dining room and study/bedroom. Outside continues with OFF ROAD PARKING and enclosed rear garden."
SHOP/FLATS FOR SALE - FREEHOLD - AMAZING OPPORTUNITY - POTENTIAL TO CONVERT TO RESIDENTIAL (STP) - COMMERCIAL OPPORTUNITY - SOLD WITH NO CHAIN - MUST SEE - VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - CONTCACT OUR SALES TEAM FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
"Set in a quiet cul de sac in Sugar way, this HANDSOME FIVE BEDROOM HOME is over THREE FLOORS and offers great good space for a larger family. Sugar way is well supported with Schools, Shops and has quick access to the City with its excellent rail links. Viewings highly recommended."
STUNNING FAMILY HOME WITH BAR/GAMES ROOM - This 5 bedroom detached family home which is close to the city centre and train station while also in catchment for good schools and other local amenities....
"In brief this property on Magistrates Road, Hampton Vale comprises of entrance hall, kitchen, study, ground floor WC and living room, four bedrooms, two en suites, family bathroom, garden, garage and parking. Early viewing is essential!"
"We are happy to present this beautiful FOUR BEDROOMED Detached home located in the very desirable cul-de-sac location of NETHERTON, on a large plot. Proximity to Peterborough City Centre, and easy access to local amenities. A perfect property for a growing family looking for their forever home! <..."
"VIEWING ESSENTIAL….well presented and recently improved family home situated in a popular cul-de-sac location. Benefits from FOUR BEDROOMS, en-suite to master, open plan kitchen/diner/family area and study/bedroom. Outside continues with OFF ROAD PARKING and enclosed rear garden."
"This extended four bedroom detached home sits on a generous corner plot in the desirable location of Orton Waterville. Tucked away in the corner of a cul-de-sac, the property has been extended and improved by its current owners."
"Looking for your next family home in a very sort after area? Purplebricks are pleased to present this spacious detached family home located in the popular area of Hampton. The property comprises of gas central heating, double glazing, open plan modern kitchen diner, garage cloakroom, four dou..."
"Mandairs is pleased to offer this very well presented 5 bedroom detached family home to the market. Benefitting from having a garage with a driveway providing off road parking, lounge, kitchen/diner, utility room, cloakroom, en-suite and is located in the sought after location of Woodston. "
"Built in 2016, this modern four bedroom home, set over three floors, offers stylish family living and easy walking distance access to the City with its quick Rail links to London. With lovely features including two En suites and pretty rear Garden"
"This stunning three storey, five bedroom detached house situated on the popular East Water Crescent. The property offers spacious flexible accommodation and is presented to a very high standard. Call today to arrange a viewing!"
This stunning property is a perfect family home set over 3 storeys with ample accommodation also offering office space for working from home.
*SHOW HOME FOR SALE* *THOUSANDS OF POUNDS OF UPGRADES AND EXTRAS* *STUDY* *KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM* *DRIVEWAY & DOUBLE GARAGE* *NO CHAIN* Regal Park are pleased to offer this Show Home For Sale in the popular location of Hampton Water. The property was built by Bovis Homes and is known as ...
"City and County are excited to market this stunning, FOUR bedroom, heavily extended, detached property in a quiet cul-del-sac near Peterborough City Centre. Offering easy access to local amenities, schooling and local transport, this property is the perfect family home. Benefitting from gas centr..."
Tortoise Property are delighted to offer this detached five bedroom property situated in the new Mallards Cala Homes development in Hampton Vale.
"Looking for the perfect family home situated in the popular area of Hampton? Buckthorn Road will tick all your boxes! This 4 Double bedroom property immaculately presented with some superb internal improvements. Upon entry, you will notice the high end, fully fitted kitchen with complete open..."
"Boasting a great sized corner plot, stunning kitchen diner with garden views and four versatile bedrooms, this unique property in a village setting close to the city of Peterborough could mark the next chapter of your family's story! Book a viewing via our website or call anytime, we're 24/7!"
"CALLING ALL INVESTORS AND FIRST TIME BUYERS!! Within close proximity to amenities, Transport links, schooling & the Peterborough City Hospital. Also offers access to motor way links. This property a little over a year old and in immaculate condition. Viewings highly recommended."
"Established detached bungalow sits on a plot area of .24 acres on a corner plot with good sized gardens to front, side & rear, the accommodation comprises of Entrance porch, l/shaped entrance hall with doors to, Lounge opening to the dining area, door to fitted kitchen, door to inner lobby with d..."
"*** VASTLY EXTENDED WITH SKYLIGHTS *** '' The ideal family home. Featuring a 21ft kitchen/diner space with bifolding doors, two good sized reception rooms, 4 bedrooms upstairs with an optional 5th bedroom downstairs/office space, utility room, cloakroom, family bathroom and en-suite to bedroom..."
"Looking for a Substantial Home on a Substantial Plot? Then you may have just found it!Set over THREE FLOORS this FIVE BEDROOM home also offers TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, a large KITCHEN BREAKFAST ROOM, UTILITY, CLOAKROOM, THREE BATHROOMS, and a DOUBLE GARAGE. Complimenting this sp..."
"This beautifully presented family home offers a ready to move in to 5 bed house with 2 en-suites, large kitchen/dining area, plenty of off-road parking and a good sized garden."
"Purple bricks welcomes a fantastic 5 bed detached property in excellent condition. This lovely home is now for sale it’s in a great location close to local schools in Hampton along with all the local amenities. Only a year old and with 9 years left from a total 10 years NHBC warranty period ,..."
"** EXECUTIVE 5 BEDROOM DETACHED PROPERTY WITH DOUBLE GARAGE  ** Belvoir are pleased to bring to the market this spacious 5 bedroom property situated in the sought after location of Sugar Way. This stunning property boasts TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, separate utility, FIVE good sized bedrooms wit..."
"Situated in a sought after location of Peterborough, in a quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC of Orton Wistow. The property offers easy access to Ferry Meadows Country Park, transport links, amenities, schooling, Nene Railway and golf course. Features include DOUBLE GARAGE and CONSERVATORY."
"OVERSIZED 3 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME - Located in a lovely quiet cul de sac of Werrington, Peterborough that has been much loved and fully renovated by the current owners who also enjoy the short ..."
"A well-presented and spacious detached family home situated in South Bretton. This beautiful home benefits from a large open plan contemporary kitchen/family/dining room, four good-sized bedrooms with an en-suite to the master and bedroom two benefiting from a dressing area."
"£450,000 - £495,000 (Guide Price) This uniquely designed, four/five-bedroom detached family home is located in a quiet cul-de-sac within the heart of Werrington Village, with easy access to all the amenities the area offers. The property offers over 1675 sqft of accommodation on two levels..."
"***OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN*** City & County are excited to present this unique FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED character home, located in central Peterborough. These properties very rarely come to the market and would be a perfect buy for a growing family! Within walking distance to local amenit..."
"Looking for the perfect detached family home, nestled off the beaten track in the desirable area of Hampton? Welcome to Tudor Avenue, this well presented four double bedroom detached property has all the room you could ever want for a larger grown family. Upon entry, you will find a good size ..."
"This perfect family home sits in a quiet and popular location in Longthorpe, Peterborough, offering easy access to Peterborough City Centre, Train Station and local travel links including the A47. The property offers spacious open plan living downstairs, good sized bedroom space upstairs, a singl..."
"A Rare opportunity to purchase this detached bungalow on Stanground marina. The property consist of a private mooring situated at the rear of the garden. Brilliant size plot, this desirable Detached Home is situated on a quiet road and the accommodation comprises of a large driveway leading t..."
Set on the corner of a quiet cul-de-sac this executive detached family home boasts spacious living accommodation throughout and is located in the ever popular Hampton Hargate.
Double Glazed * Fitted Kitchen * Guest Cloakroom * Off-street Parking * Front Garden * Gas Central Heating * Enclosed Garden * Single Garage * Ensuite Bathroom
"Hudson Homes estate agents are delighted to present this extended and detached family bungalow, situated in the popular area of Ridgeway in Stanground, close to local facilities, amenities and transport links. The property offers spacious and versatile accommodation throughout."
*LAKE VIEWS* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 5 Bedroom Detached Family Home in the popular location of Hampton Hargate. The property is situated close to local amenities and is within easy access to A1 and benefits from Lake V...
A charming detached Victorian four bedroom family home with a beautiful landscaped garden near the city centre. NO ONWARD CHAIN. Contact our office to register for further details & to book a viewing appointment. 
"SAVE OVER £29,000 - KITCHEN UPGRADE WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES + FLOORING + £18,000 CASH INCENTIVE. *PLOT 8 - THE DRUMMOND AT HAMPTON BEACH* The Drummond is a spacious detached home offering a fantastic living space for your family with a large lounge, open-plan fitted kitchen/dining room and spa..."
*PLOT 8 THE DRUMMOND* *BRAND NEW* *LOCATED ON A PRIVATE DRIVE WITH JUST 4 OTHER HOMES* *POPULAR LOCATION* *MODERN DEVELOPMENT* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* *INCENTIVES* *MORTGAGE ADVICE* *CALL US ON TO BOOK YOUR RESERVATION* The Drummond is a popular 4 Doub...
SOUTH FACING GARDEN. *PLOT 174 - THE RADLEIGH AT HAMPTON BEACH* The Radleigh features an impressive entrance hall. At the front of this home you will find a spacious lounge and a separate study. The back of the home features a large open-plan kitchen with family and dining areas which lead out on...
"Situated in a desirable residential VILLAGE of Orton Waterville. The property oozes character providing a real rural feel. The property has easy access to transport links, schooling, the Orton Meadows Golf Course, Ferry Meadows Country Park, Garden Centre & Sports & the green wheel cycle paths."
"Situated in a central part of Peterborough, which is in close proximity of City Centre, Trans station, Hospital, amenities, and transport links. Also offers easy access to the Peterborough rowing lake. Features include FOUR BEDROOMS, EN-SUITE & GARAGE."
This immaculate EXTENDED detached family home is situated at the end of this no-through road on an enviable plot with a DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE and PRIVATE SOUTHERLY-FACING GARDEN to the rear.
SOUTH FACING GARDEN. WALKING DISTANCE TO TEARDROP LAKE. *PLOT 173 - THE RADLEIGH AT HAMPTON BEACH* The Radleigh features an impressive entrance hall. At the front of this home you will find a spacious lounge and a separate study. The back of the home features a large open-plan kitchen with family...
"* The Sculptor * brand new, chain free & energy efficient home with a 10 year NHBC warranty * OPEN PLAN kitchen & dining room * DUAL ASPECT living room * study * TWO sets of French doors to garden * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * modern throughout * PAY NO AGENT FEES if you have a home to sell^ * call us!"
"Well presented throughout is this detached family home located in the PE3 area. The property offers four bedrooms, three reception rooms and fitted wardrobes and en suite to master bedroom. Accommodation comprises cloakroom, separate utility room, 6m kitchen/dining room with integrated appliances"
* Close to Railway Station & City Centre * Four Reception Rooms * Double Garage & Double Width Driveway to Rear *  Cloakroom/Bathroom/En-Suite * Dressing Room & Walk-In Wardrobe to Bedroom One * Replacement Worcester Bosch Boiler 2021 * Total Floor Area 179 Square Me...
"Driffield Way is an Individual Detached Family Home located on the British sugar Estate, just off the Oundle Road with easy access to Peterborough City Centre and with shops and schools close by. The Brick built Property was built circa 2006 and occupies a generous plot and the accommodation boasts "
"SIX BEDROOM HMO, REFURBISHED THROUGHOUT, CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES AND WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE TO PETERBOROUGH CITY CENTRE."
"***GUIDE PRICE £430,000 to £450,000**** City & County are excited to present this MODERN, Four Double Bedroom DETACHED family home situated within the popular development of Sugar Way. The property conveniently offers easy access to amenities, transport links, Peterborough City centre, train stat..."
*PLOT 7 THE MILFORD* *BRAND NEW* *LOCATED ON A PRIVATE DRIVE SHARED WITH JUST 4 OTHER HOMES* *POPULAR LOCATION* *MODERN DEVELOPMENT* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* *INCENTIVES* *MORTGAGE ADVICE* *CALL US ON TO BOOK YOUR RESERVATION* The Millford is a popular ...
*PLOT 9 THE MILFORD* *BRAND NEW* *LOCATED ON A PRIVATE DRIVE SHARED WITH JUST 4 OTHER HOMES* *POPULAR LOCATION* *MODERN DEVELOPMENT* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* *INCENTIVES* *MORTGAGE ADVICE* *CALL US ON TO BOOK YOUR RESERVATION* The Millford is a popular ...
"A beautifully presented detached property in the sought after location of Longthorpe with a good-sized rear garden, driveway, garage and owned solar panels. The property has spacious accommodation including kitchen, large sitting/dining room, four bedrooms, and family bathroom. The property is..."
"Set in the ever popular Sugar way Development this SIX BEDROOM detached property is a must view. This property benefits from having a double garage, off road parking and an enclosed rear garden."
"A fantastic 4 bedroom home on Aldermans Drive, Peterborough has just become available. The property briefly consists of Entrance Hallway, Separate Lounge and Dining Room as well as a spacious Kitchen/Diner Area. The ground floor also benefits from a Utility room and downstairs WC. The first floor..."
"City & County are excited to present this fantastic FIVE BEDROOM DETACHED family home, located in a quite cul-de-sac location of the desirable Hampton Gardens. Only a year old and still under warranty, this would make a perfect buy for a growing family! Within walking distance to local amenities,..."
Well-presented four bedroom detached home in the sought after location of Peterborough offered with no onward chain. A great location for commuters with Peterborough city centre only a short walk away with transport links to London Kings Cross in 50 minutes and access to local schools and amenities.
"Four Bedroom Detached Family Home With Double Garage Facing The Green This impressive family home is situated down a quiet cul de sac in Hampton Hargate offering two reception rooms, large conservatory, utility, four double bedrooms, en-suite and no onward chain."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £450,000 ***City & County are pleased to offer this FOUR Bedroomed Detached Family Home situated on this POPULAR DEVELOPMENT within Netherton. It is conveniently located for access to the Peterborough City Centre, the mainline Railway Station and local amenities/bus rou..."
Looking for the perfect detached family home? Flexibility and room to grow are probably on your wish list if you’re looking for a family home so Fairhaven will be ticking all your boxes! The Corfe will be the answer. This better than new condition home offers multi-tasking living space that c...
"In the desirable Botolph Green area of Peterborough, close to Peterborough city centre and Ferry Meadows Country Park, sits this spacious detached property. The ideal family home, the property benefits from an en entrance porch, open hallway with wooden flooring and stairs leading to the first fl..."
"£425,000 - £455,000 (Guide Price) This four/five bedroom detached house is situated on the edge of the Sugar Way estate, occupying a lovely position overlooking Woodston Ponds Nature Reserve to the rear. Offering over 1640 sqft of flexible accommodation on three levels..."
"BIGGER THAN IT LOOKS… 2755.58sqft. Set back from the road. Benefits from versatile living accommodation FIVE BEDROOMS, en-suite to master, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, kitchen/diner, utility, cloakroom, bathroom & shower room. Outside continues with OFF ROAD PARKING, garden and garage."
This substantial detached family home offers spacious living accommodation for the whole family. Set in a quiet cul-de-sac location Denmark Drive is situated in the ever popular Orton Waterville.
"This is an excellent family home offering spacious accommodation on the popular Sugar Way development which has a wide range of amenities itself, yet which is only a short walk to Peterborough city centre. The house has 5 bedrooms and features an ensuite to the master bedroom. The lounge is well..."
"No onward chain. Looking for the perfect detached city centre home? Welcome to Eastfield road, this properly has been fully renovated throughout incorporating some fantastic characterful features, style and design. On the ground floor the property benefits from a large entrance hall leading on ..."
"* NO CHAIN * CLOSE TO HAMPTON GARDENS SCHOOL * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this five bedroom detached home located in Hampton Gardens Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall,  lounge, kitchen/diner, cloakroom, utility room, five bedrooms, en-suite shower room, family bat..."
Situated in the ever popular Orton Wistow this beautifully presented detached family home boasts spacious and modern living accommodation for the whole family.
*CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *LARGE KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM* *STUDY* *2 EN-SUITES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 4 Bedroom Detached Family in the popular location of Hampton Vale. The property is situated close to local amenities and is within easy ...
"A rare opportunity to purchase a four bedroom detached family home located in the sought after area of Orton Southgate The property offers three reception rooms, kitchen breakfast room with large utility/wash room, cloakroom, four large bedrooms, en suite to master bedrooms, family bathroom, fr..."
"*MUST VIEW * HAMPTON GARDENS * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this beautiful five bedroom detached property in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, utility room,  cloakroom, five bedrooms, en-suite shower room, family bathroom, off road parking, garage, front ..."
"Well presented detached family home in The Orchards, Orton Waterville. Property comprises the following; entrance hallway, re-fitted WC, re-fitted kitchen/diner, living room & dining room. First floor; four bedrooms, re-fitted en-suite to master, family bathroom. Outside; to the front is a double..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £435,000*** This detached family home is situated close to the city centre and is being sold with no forward chain. The property benefits from opening plan living, off road parking and a good size rear garden."
"Presenting this modern, four/five bedroom detached house in Fairmead Way. Ground floor is a cloakroom, lounge, dining room/family room, kitchen, conservatory, bedroom 5 with en-suite. To the first floor there are four bedrooms and bathroom. Outside is a garden and off road parking to the front."
"Connells are delighted to present this spacious Five Bedroom Detached house situated on the popular Kite Way . The property offers flexible living accommodation, is presented to a high standard throughout and is an ideal family home. Please call today to arrange a viewing!"
"***OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN WITH A GUIDE PRICE OF £425,000 - £435,000*** City and County are pleased to market this highly desirable, FOUR/FIVE-bedroom DETACHED property in a private cul-de-sac close to the centre of Peterborough, within walking distance to Peterborough train station. This p..."
"Four Double Bedroom House in Denmark Drive, a quiet cul-de-sac in Orton Waterville located off Lady Lodge Drive. This very well proportioned property sits at the bottom of a quiet residential cul-de-sac overlooking woodland to the front. Offering two reception rooms with additional conservatory,..."
"Immaculate Four Bedroom Home With Study, Two Reception Rooms, Utility and Generous Rear Garden Situated on the popular Hampton Gardens estate this property offers plenty of room for the growing family and is beautifully presented throughout. This is a must view to appreciate!"
"Guide Price £425,000 - £450,000 Welcome to Hampton Gardens, a stunning modern development located in the thriving city of Peterborough. This property offers the perfect blend of style, comfort, and convenience, making it the ideal choice for anyone looking for a modern and luxurious home"
"Smart Move are delighted to offer for sale, this spacious, four bedroom detached home in Hampton Vale. This family home is situated close to local amenities, schools and is within easy access to A1. Accommodation is set over three floors and comprises entrance hall, study, cloakroom, utility, ..."
"THIS EXTENDED 3 BEDROOM FAMILY HOME IS SO VERSATILE AND BENEFITS FROM SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN - Sat a lovely location close to Itter Park, Walton, Peterborough is this stunning family home that has b..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £420,000 - £430,000*** This EXTENDED detached family home sits in a prime CORNER PLOT position within a quiet cul-de-sac, benefiting from PREVIOUS PLANNING PERMISSION TO CREATE A FIVE BEDROOM HOME."
INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - THREE FLATS FOR SALE - PORTFOLIO PURCHASE - READY MADE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - TENANTS IN SITU - VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"***GUIDE PRICE £420,000 - £430,000*** Bairstow Eves are delighted to present this beautiful EXTENDED detached family home which is situated in quiet cul-de-sac location in the sought after location of Longthrorpe. To the ground floor accommodation compromises of an en..."
"City and County are excited to bring to the market this established, 5 BEDROOM detached VICTORIAN home located within walking distance to Peterborough’s City Center. This home offers huge amounts of character and charm that would make a perfect up size for a large family or even an investor that ..."
"Our latest development Hampton Woods brings a choice of 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5-bedroom properties to Hampton, a thriving and well-equipped area less than 3 miles south of the city centre.
Living at Hampton Woods you’ll benefit from a friendly community with many amenities just a few minutes’ ..."
"Upgrades inside worth £12,067 including Premium kitchen with integrated Bosch appliances, shower package, wall tiles and flooring to the hallway, WC, Kitchen/dining, utility, family bathroom and ensuite.Home 210, The Chestnut is a stunning, 4 bedroom detached family home with a single..."
Modern Detached House | Good Sized Family Home | Four Bedrooms | Two En-Suite Shower Rooms | Three Reception Rooms | Kitchen/Breakfast Room | Downstairs Cloakroom | Family Bathroom | Double Garage | Double Width Driveway | Enclosed Rear Garden| Set Back From Main Road
"Detached family home, well presented throughout, in the sought after area of Orton Southgate, within easy reach of the A1 and local amenities. The property offers four bedrooms, en suite, three reception rooms, refitted kitchen breakfast room, gas central heating, double glazing, enclosed garden to"
This EXTENDED & RENOVATED detached chalet is situated on a CORNER POSITION within a quiet cul-de-sac location.
"*** Guide Price £400,000-£450,000*** City & County are pleased to market this unique and heavily extended detached chalet house situated on a large corner plot within a quiet cul-de-sac location. The accommodation offers both upstairs and downstairs bedrooms consisting of FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS in ..."
"A superbly presented four bedroom detached house ideal for the family comes with a separate dining room, conservatory and refitted kitchen breakfast room, downstairs cloakroom and En-suite to the master bedroom, double width driveway with single garage, located in a cul de sac location."
"GUIDE PRICE £400,000 - £425,000. NO UPWARD CHAIN…..Benefits from FOUR BEDROOMS, en-suite to master, separate dining room and downstairs cloakroom. Outside continues with OFF ROAD PARKING, double garage and enclosed rear garden. View Now!"
"Tortoise Property are pleased to offer this five bedroom three storey detatched house that is situated in the popular location of Sandhurst road, Hampton Vale, Peterborough."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! We welcome to the market this five bedroom HMO which is currently tenanted and offers a good yield. This property is in a great location and within walking distance to the city centre, new university and train station."
"Beautifully presented four bedroom detached house in Orton Southgate. Comprising of living room, re-fitted open kitchen/diner, downstairs WC and integral garage. First floor; four bedrooms, en-suite to master and family bathroom. Outside, low maintenance rear garden. Very well presented house not..."
"This Four bedroom detached home boasts contemporary and spacious living accommodation for all the family, situated on a corner plot and located on the popular development of Hampton Gardens this property offers easy access to all local amenities."
"A spacious detached family home located in Hampton Vale with MOTIOVATED SELLER. The property offers four bedrooms, two reception rooms, en suite to master bedroom, utility room to modern kitchen, landing with Juliet balcony, double garage, double width driveway, garden to rear, gas central heating "
** Extended Semi Detached Family Home | Four Double Bedrooms | Downstairs Cloakroom | Two Reception Rooms | Kitchen/Breakfast Room | En-suite to Master | Oversized Garage | Ample Parking | Established Rear Garden | Popular Location | Close to Local Amenities | Viewing Recommended
"*** Extended Family Home *** Welcome to Oakdale Avenue, Stanground PE2 8TD, where you will find this extended four-bedroom detached bungalow situated in a sought-after location. This property is ideal for first-time buyers, couples and families alike."
"Two Reception Rooms, Generous Garden And In Cul De Sac Location This property benefits from two reception rooms, kitchen diner, ensuite to master, garage and off road parking. With its good sized rear garden it makes an ideal family home! Call to view today!"
"VILLAGE LIFE A fantastic opportunity to live in the heart of Werrington Village. This three bedroom property retains many original features and viewings are highly advised, please call to register your interest."
"*** FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** ""This six bedroom semi-detached house has been professionally converted into a very unique HMO. The current tenants keep the communal areas very clean, tidy and presented very well. In brief, the property comprises of six bedrooms, each bedroom having t..."
This EXTENDED detached chalet offers FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS and FLEXIBLE ACCOMMODATION to include both DOWNSTAIRS & UPSTAIRS BEDROOM & BATH/SHOWER ROOM facilities.
"City and County welcome to the market this fantastic FOUR BEDROOMED Detached family home! The property offers versatile living and has a lovely flow walking through. It is located within a desirable quiet Cul-De-Sac in South Bretton, which offers easy access to local amenities and transport links..."
* Viewing Recommended * Total Floor Area 127 Square Metres * One Owner from New * Three Reception Rooms * Four Double Bedrooms * En-Suite & Jack n Jill En-suite * Bathroom & Cloakroom * Kitchen/Breakfast Room * Single Garage & Driveway Parking * Energy Rating B * 
A Modern four bedroom detached family home with an additional double glazed Edwardian style conservatory which provides good sized rear gardens allowing high degrees of privacy. The accommodation is tastefully decorated throughout and is presented for sale to a modern standard. The accommodation ...
"**This well-established, detached family home which has four double bedrooms and is situated on a generous plot, is conveniently close to local amenities and transport routes nearby. It includes a side lobby, three reception rooms, a kitchen, separate cloakroom, a front and a large mature rear ga..."
"*** Guide Price £425,000 - £450,000*** City & County are pleased to present this immaculately presented FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMED DETACHED FAMILY HOME, located in a desirable estate of Orton Southgate. The property is conveniently located within easy access to the motorway, Peterborough City Centre a..."
"CLOSE TO EVERYTHING FAR FROM ORDINARY A true family home with five bedrooms, three receptions, two family bathrooms and two cloakrooms. Everything a family needs. Often requested, rarely available. Don't delay call today!"
"On this impressive plot situated at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac, sits this four bedroom family home located in the sought after area of Park Farm, Peterborough."
"With views to the LAKE and WOODLAND this brand new detached property offers a fantastic open plan kitchen/dining room, garage and double length driveway"
"SAVE OVER £20,000 - KITCHEN UPGRADE WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES + FLOORING + SHOWER OVER YOUR BATH + EXTERNAL POWER SOCKET + ADDITIONAL DOWNLIGHTS + £12,000 CASH INCENTIVE. SOUTH WEST FACING GARDEN. FINAL RUTLAND STYLE HOME. FINAL HOME OVERLOOKING LAKE AND WOODLAND. *PLOT 281 - THE RUTLAND AT HAMP..."
"*** POPULARLY LOCATED PROPERTY WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN *** ''Offers in excess of £180,000 for this mid terrace home features spacious living with three good size bedrooms, a garage and driveway. The property briefly comprises of an entrance hall, downstairs WC, lounge and a spacious kitchen..."
"*NO CHAIN* MUST VIEW* Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this three bedroom detached bunglaow located in Hyholmes Bretton Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, dinig room, kitchen/breakfast room, three bedrooms, bathroom, lean too, double garage, off road parking, NO..."
"**THE LUTTON - Plot 129*** complete with flooring; including carpets, turf to rear garden, a range of Indesit kitchen appliances, £7,497 stamp duty* paid if your moving home and £5,000 mortgage deposit* paid. Make your move to Hampton Lakes with our INCENTIVES. This home features 4 GENEROUS be..."
"**Secure your spring move with our INCENTIVE PACKAGES. The Madeley - SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/family room, LARGE sitting room, EN SUITE bedroom one, garage and finished to a quality specification. VIRTUAL TOUR available."
"Link detached home offered for sale with NO FORWARD CHAIN and having potential to extend STPP. The property benefits from five bedrooms, two bathrooms, two reception rooms, kitchen breakfast room, large garden to rear and driveway to car port providing parking for three vehicles and single garage. "
"High specification penthouse flat situated on the thriving development of Clarkson House, Fletton Quays, just a short walk to restaurants, the Embankment, train station and many other local amenities. Benefiting from a private wrap around balcony with outstanding views over the River Nene."
"Detached house on Patterdale Drive comprising of; four bedrooms, en suite, bathroom, lounge, kitchen/diner, utility room, conservatory, cloakroom. Front & rear gardens. Double Garage."
"Extended detached chalet bungalow ""Looking for downstairs accommodation then this is the chalet bungalow for you. Comprising lounge, dining room, family room, master bedroom and dressing area, kitchen and bathroom all on the ground floor. To the first floor are 4 further bedrooms and a bathroom. ..."
"City and County are pleased to present this fantastic well-presented SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME. Located in a desirable part of Netherton offering easy access to the Peterborough city hospital, schooling, amenities, transport links and the City Centre. Viewing is a must for this deceptively spacio..."
"*** 5 BEDROOM HMO WITH A CURRENT RENTAL INCOME OF £40,500 PER ANNUM! *** '' Are you an investor looking to expand your portfolio into Peterborough? This ready made HMO sounds like the ideal property for you! With all rooms currently let out, this 5 bedroom property brings in a curre..."
"Based in popular Orton Southgate, this home sits at the end of a quiet Cul de sac. It is immaculately presented and offers modern Kitchen with integrated appliances. Close to both Lynch wood Business park and Ferry Meadows additionally easy access to the City and quick Road and Rail links."
* Private Riverside Mooring * Stiltz Home Lift for Wheelchair User * No Forward Chain * Three Reception Rooms * Re-fitted Kitchen * Utility Room & Cloakroom * Total Floor Area 128 Square Metres * Integral Garage * Field & River Views to the Rear * 
"NO FORWARD CHAIN on this FOUR bedroom detached home in the sought after area of Werrington in a cul de sac location. The property offers spacious living accommodation and benefits from gas central heating, four bedrooms, ensuite two reception rooms, kitchen breakfast room with utility, "
"*Unexpectedly Back On The Market & Available To View Immediatly* Well presented detached family home in Five Arches, Orton Wistow. Benefitting from three reception rooms downstairs, kitchen/breakfast room, rear conservatory. First floor; four bedrooms, en-suite shower room and re-fitted shower ro..."
"Beautifully presented detached & extended bungalow in Latham Avenue, Orton Longueville. Highly improved to provide spacious room sizes throughout, fantastic open plan re-fitted kitchen/diner and re-fitted bathroom- this bungalow must be viewed to be appreciated!"
"*PLOT 10 THE PARKIN* *BRAND NEW* *POPULAR LOCATION* *MODERN DEVELOPMENT* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* *INCENTIVES* *MORTGAGE ADVICE* *CALL US ON TO BOOK YOUR RESERVATION* Designed over three floors, the Parkin creates a home for flexible modern family livin..."
"SAVE OVER £27,000 - KITCHEN UPGRADE WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES + FLOORING + £18,000 CASH INCENTIVE. WEST FACING GARDEN. CORNER PLOT WITH GREEN SPACE TO THE FRONT. *PLOT 10 - THE PARKIN AT HAMPTON BEACH. Designed over three floors, the Parkin creates a home for flexible modern family living. Your ..."
"Immaculate detached family home in the sought after location of Netherton within close proximity to City Centre, schools and shops. Accommodation comprises four bedrooms, en suite to master bedroom, two reception rooms, kitchen with integrated appliances, utility room, cloakroom and family bathroom"
"The Property is a detached 4 bedroom home which has enjoyed a beautiful two storey side extension and ground floor rear extension, completed some four years ago. The ground floor rear extension has triple glazed bi-folding doors, triple glazed windows and two motorized large Velux roof lights wit..."
"£385,000 - £405,000 (Guide Price) This extended four-bedroom detached house is situated in a fantastic location off Eastfield Road, close to Peterborough City Centre and transport links. The property offers over 1500 sqft of accommodation on two levels..."
"Extended detached house. Hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining rm, kitchen/breakfast, 3 bedrooms, en-suite shower rm, bathroom, gas radiator c/h, mainly uPVC double glazed, gardens, off-road parking, updating required, no chain, popular location. (Ref: 8590N)."
"*MUST VIEW* GUNTHORPE LOCATION * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this four bedroom detached home located in Gunthorpe Peterborough in biref entrance hall, lounge, dining room, cloakroom, kitchen/breakfats room, utility room, four bedrooms, en-suite shower room, family bathroom, doubl..."
"*** SUPERB EXTENDED FAMILY HOME WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN ***"" Nestled in a cul-de-sac is this well positioned property which has been improved to a high standard. Briefly comprising of an entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom, lounge and a stunning open plan kitchen/diner/ family area, with bifold d..."
"4 DOUBLE BEDROOM detached family home OVERLOOKING GREEN.The home comprises of Entrance Hall, 21FT Lounge, Dining Room, WC, Kitchen/breakfast Room and Utility Room. The first floor has 4 DOUBLE bedroom, bathroom and re-fitted ensuite. There is a GENEROUS REAR GARDEN, Driveway and DOUBLE GARAGE. Vi..."
"£385,000 - £405,000 (Guide Price) This four-bedroom detached house is situated on an exclusive estate of other similar-style modern residential properties. Over 1150 sqft accommodation on two levels incorporating a ground floor space with two reception rooms, a modern fitted dining kitchen..."
"This detached chalet sits on a SUPERB CORNER PLOT offering flexible accommodation to include THREE/FOUR BEDROOMS and TWO/THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, as well as a GARAGE & PARKING to the rear."
"Hudson Homes are delighted to offer this detached family home ideal for a growing family located within walking distance to the City Centre. The property comprises an extended family room, living room, kitchen and shower room Upstairs three bedrooms and a family bathroom."
"*NEW PRICE* Four bedroom detached house in Lidgate Close, a sought after road within Botolph Green. Property comprises; entrance hallway, dining room/office, kitchen/breakfast room, downstairs WC, living room and conservatory. First floor; four bedrooms, en-suite and family bathroom. Viewings hig..."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this extended family home to the market. Set on a large plot this property provides two reception rooms, downstairs shower room and upstairs bathroom, ample built-in storage, a garage/workshop space with power and lighting, is chain free and is close to the City Centre"
*** PORTFOLIO OPPORTUNITY *** Belvoir are delighted to bring to the market this rare opportunity to purchase a property portfolio which includes 4x two bedroom apartments situated in the centrally located Hadrians court and Stagshaw drive. Properties sold with tenants in situ.PLEASE CON...
"Gorgeous detached property on Morborn Road in the highly sought after Hampton Hargate. In brief this property comprises of; entrance hall, kitchen/diner, ground floor WC, utility room, storage, living room, four double bedrooms, en suite, family bathroom, off road parking and rear garden."
Enter this spacious family home located in the desirable location of Cardea. This property benefits from a good size rear garden and the potential to put your own stamp on it.
"A beautiful four bedroom detached family home, located in the popular area of Hampton Hargate, close to lakes, schools and local amenities. This property, set back on a private road, compromises of a large entrance hall, study, cloakroom, open kitchen/diner and separate utility area. The lounge lead"
"SAVE OVER £9,000 - KITCHEN UPGRADE WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES + FLOORING. CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION. *PLOT 12 - THE INGLEBY AT HAMPTON BEACH* The Ingleby is a modern four-bedroom home. The ground floor features an open-plan kitchen with dining and family areas, French doors lead out onto the garden. Th..."
"Being Sold by YOPA Online Auction. Starting Bids from £375,000. Buy it now option available
Please call or visit YOPA Online Auctions for more information"
"* ANNEXE GENERATING £700 PER MONTH * MUST VIEW * NO CHAIN* Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM CHARACTER BAY FRONTED FAMILY HOME. This deceptively spacious property is a must see. The accommodation offers easy access to the city centre, train station, amenities..."
Looking for your next family home situated down a quiet close? Nottingham Way will be ticking all your boxes! This versatile four bed family home is located close to local amenities in Dogsthorpe and has some great accommodation space for the whole family with plenty of parking to the front. I...
SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - WALKING DISCTANCE TO CITY CENTRE - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - TWO RECEPTION ROOMS - PRIVATE REAR GARDEN - PARKING FOR THREE CARS - GARAGE - TO FIND OUT MORE INFORMATION CONTACT THE SALES TEAM ON
"**Guide Price £375.000 -£400,000** Looking for the perfect family home in Peterborough? Look no further than this stunning 4-bedroom detached house, now available for sale! Located in a sought-after area of Peterborough, this spacious and beautifully presented property boasts fo..."
"* NO CHAIN*  OPEN DAY FOR SATURDAY 11TH FEBRUARY 10:30AM - 11:30AM THIS PROPERTY MUST GO PLEASE CALL THE OFFICE TO CONFIRM APPOINTMENT * Next Move Estate Agents four bedroom detached home situated in the very popular area of Sugar Way and close to local amenities, shops and schools. The property ..."
"City & County are excited to offer this WELL-MAINTAINED family home located in a SOUGHT AFTER location offering easy access to local amenities, schooling and transport links. The property briefly comprises downstairs: entrance hall, BEDROOM, cloakroom, family bathroom, kitchen/dining room, utilit..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN ON THIS TUCKED AWAY 4 DOUBLE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME WITH A SPACIOUS REAR GARDEN - located in a popular residential location of Orton Northgate, close links to the A1 and with Ferry Meado..."
This four bedroom detached property located on the Hampton vale development has been upgraded by the current vendors with a refitted kitchen breakfast room and boasts contemporary and spacious living accommodation and within easy reach to the local amenities.
"Situated in the popular area of Park Farm. Close to local nurseries, Primary and Secondary Schools as well as local shops and other amenities. Ideal for someone working from home and WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT. Features include CONVERTED GARAGE & EN-SUITE. Viewings highly recommended."
"Sharman Quinney are pleased to welcome to the market this generous sized four bedroom detached property located in the popular Sugar Way Development. Located a mile from the train station and city centre, close to local amenities and schools. This property is an ideal family home."
"***Offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN*** City and County are pleased to present this desirable detached family home located within a quiet CUL-DE-SAC in South Bretton. The property benefits from being within proximity to local schooling, shops, transport links and local parks. This home would be perfe..."
" This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase this lovely well presented EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM CHARACTER BAY FRONTED FAMILY HOME. This deceptively spacious property is a must to see. The accommodation offers easy access to the city centre, train station, amenities, transport links and schooli..."
"*NO CHAIN* Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this four bedroom detached home located in Hempsted Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge,kitchen/diner, utility room, four bedrooms, en-suite shower room, bathroom, garage, off road parking, MUST VIEW.  "
Haart Estate Agents are delighted to exclusively offer for sale this three bedroom end of terrace house situated in Peterborough
"This well presented four bedroom detached property situated close to schools and local amenities is the ideal property for the family with its dual aspect 26'.06"" x 8'.08 "" kitchen dining room."
"Looking for the perfect inner city high spec family home? Marchment Square will be ticking all your box's This beautiful, much larger than average sized three double bedroom semi-detached house is situated at The Gables, an exclusive modern estate of similar style homes off Thorpe Road. Over 1..."
THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME! The property enjoys easy access to both Peterborough City Centre & local Train Station. Close proximity to local Amenities as well as both Primary & Secondary Schools. Extended & well-presented home.
"***Offered with No Forward Chain!*** This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase this lovely well-presented EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM CHARACTER BAY FRONTED FAMILY HOME. This deceptively spacious property is a must see. The accommodation offers easy access to the city centre, train station, amenit..."
This recently renovated three bedroom detached bungalow sits on a 0.18 acre plot. This has come to market with no forward chain and also has potential to extend or add outbuilding due to plot size (STP)
"TICKING ALL THE BOXES! This detached house has a two-storey extension offering plenty of living space downstairs and good size bedrooms upstairs. In immaculate condition throughout and recently refurbished, whilst sitting in a quiet cul-de-sac location, this is the ideal long-term family home ava..."
"*CUL-DE-SAC* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 4 Bedroom Detached Family Home in the popular location of Hampton Hargate. The property is situated in a cul-de-sac and is close to local amenities, Hampton Hargate Primary School ..."
"Beautifully presented detached, four bedroom home. Ground floor - entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, rear hallway and pantry. 1st floor, four bedrooms and bathroom, rear garden with outside storage, driveway leading to garage."
"Offered for sale with NO FORWARD CHAIN is this detached family home with open field views to front. Accommodation comprises modern kitchen breakfast room, lounge, separate dining room, garage converted to study and utility, four bedrooms, en suite to master, family bathroom, enclosed garden to rear"
"Modernised, three bedroom, detached family home. Accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen/breakfast room, three bedrooms, family bathroom, front and rear gardens, off road parking and garage."
"This detached family home sits on a superb CORNER POSITION at the end of this quiet cul-de-sac, offering four bedrooms, three reception rooms and an abundance of parking on the BRAND NEW DRIVEWAY."
"Rare opportunity to live in popular West Town, close to great schools and the City Hospital. This THREE BEDROOM HOME also boasts large Living Dining Room with Oak Flooring, Kitchen with pantry. The south facing large rear lawn garden is an ideal family space with pretty patio and Gazebo."
"Situated in a quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC of Werrington, which offers easy access to amenities, transport links and Schooling. well maintained throughout, Features include EN-SUITE, GARAGE, KITCHEN/DINER & CLOAKROOM. Viewings highly recommended to appreciate."
"An EXTENDED link detached home situated in a desirable cul-de-sac position, offering FOUR BEDROOMS and THREE RECEPTION SPACES, as well as a PRIVATE SOUTH-FACING GARDEN to the rear."
"4 Bedroom DETACHED family Home in the popular location of Hampton Vale with a SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN.The property comprises of: Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Dining Room, Lounge, Kitchen/Breakfast Room and a Utility Room.The first floor has the Master Bedroom with built in wardrobes and En-Suite, 3..."
"* The Fuller * brand new, chain free & energy efficient home with a 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * OPEN PLAN kitchen & dining room * dual aspect living room * utility room * study * TWO sets of doors to garden * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * call us today for details on these stunning homes!"
PERFECT FAMILY HOME - OVERLOOKING BOTOLPH GREEN - RARE FIND - CONSERVATORY - UTILITY ROOM - THREE RECEPTION ROOMS - LARGE PLOT - TWO BATHROOMS - CALL OUR SALES TEAM TO FIND OUT MORE
Set in popular Orton Waterville location this lovely THREE BEDROOM HOME has been much improved by its current owners. The property is within walking distance to local Schools and Shops and has some nice open spaces locally including Ferry Meadows Country Park.
"Well presented extended three bedroom detached house in the highly desirable area of Orton Waterville. Sat on a corner plot, the property offers potential to extend further (STP)."
* Annexe Potential (STP) * Total Floor Area - 157 Square Metres * Oversized Garage & Large Shed * Ample Off Road Parking * Three Double Bedrooms * Cloakroom & Utility Room * Kitchen/Breakfast Room * Viewing Recommended *
This executive Barratt homes built four bedroom detached property constructed over three floors boasts spacious contemporary and versatile living accommodation located on the Hampton vale development.
"Positioned on a corner plot is this link detached family home located in the sought after area of Orton Waterville, The property offers 6m lounge with fireplace, kitchen breakfast room, conservatory, cloakroom, utility, three double bedrooms and three reception rooms. Outside a block paved drivew"
"A detached family home situated within the heart of WERRINGTON VILLAGE, benefiting from THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, as well as FOUR RECEPTION SPACES and a GENEROUS SOUTH-WESTERLY FACING GARDEN to the rear."
"SAVE OVER £20,000 - KITCHEN UPGRADE WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES + FLOORING + £12,000 CASH INCENTIVE + SHOWER OVER YOUR BATH + EXTERNAL POWER SOCKET + ADDITIONAL DOWNLIGHTS. WALKING DISTANCE TO WOODLANDS. *PLOT 274 - THE CHESTER AT HAMPTON WATER* A contemporary open-plan kitchen diner with French d..."
"City & County are pleased to offer this fantastic opportunity to purchase this lovely, SEMI-DETACHED, THREE STOREY FAMILY HOME, within proximity to Hampton Centre. Hampton is a desirable part of Peterborough with several amenities close by, including Serpentine Green, easy access to transport lin..."
"SAVE OVER £20,000 - KITCHEN UPGRADE WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES + FLOORING + £12,000 CASH INCENTIVE + SHOWER OVER BATH + EXTERNAL POWER SOCKET + ADDITIONAL DOWNLIGHTS. WALKING DISTANCE TO LAKE. *PLOT 273 - THE CHESTER AT HAMPTON WATER* Features a contemporary open-plan kitchen diner with French do..."
"HOUSE TO SELL? WE COULD BE YOUR CASH BUYER*. OVERLOOKING GREEN OPEN SPACE. *PLOT 146 - THE CHESTER AT HAMPTON BEACH* The ground floor has a spacious open plan kitchen with French doors to the landscaped garden. A bright and airy lounge, cloakroom and extra storage space complete the ground floor...."
"2/3 bedroom detached bungalow in The Gannocks, a highly sought after road in Orton Waterville. This rarely available property comprises; entrance hallway, lounge, fitted kitchen with space for appliances, re-fitted shower room and separate WC. Conservatory off the back of bedroom three. Garage an..."
"Being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN, this detached family home is situated within a popular, quiet cul-de-sac position close to the heart of Werrington."
Haart Estate Agents proud to offer for sale this four bedroom detached house situated in the sought after location of Bretton
A BRAND NEW four bedroom detached family home with garage and parking. Call to arrange your viewing today.
"A fantastic end terrace townhouse property briefly comprising of: entrance hall, open plan kitchen/dining room, ground floor WC, study, living room with two balconies, master bedroom, en suite, three double bedrooms, family bathroom, rear garden, garage and secure parking. Early viewing is a must!"
"City and County are excited to bring to the market this amazing EXTENDED FOUR/FIVE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED family home, situated in a cul-de-sac in the central location of Peterborough. Offering easy access to amenities, transport links and schooling. This property provides amazing living space and..."
"** DETACHED FAMILY HOME CLOSE TO CITY CENTRE ** Belvoir are delighted to bring to the market this spacious and versitile three bedroom family home just a short distance from Peterborough City Centre. This property boasts TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, fitted kitchen and an additional sun room, gar..."
This newly refurbished bungalow is in a popular location of Dogsthorpe. The current vendors have completely modernised it throughout including new electric garage doors which have just been installed.
"WELL PRESENTED 4 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME. The property has an Entrance Hall with Lounge, REFITTED KITCHEN/DINER, WC, Utility Room and DOUBLE GARAGE CONVERTED TO GAMES ROOM. The first floor has 4 bedrooms with Ensuite to Bedroom 1 and the family bathroom. Outside there is a wrap around front ..."
"This detached bungalow occupies a lovely plot of approaching 1/5th acre, and whilst no planning application has been made, it is felt that there may be development potential. The bungalow is situated in the sought after Werrington Village part of Peterborough, and there are all amenities nearby...."
"SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME! This EXTENDED FOUR bedroom family home is in a SOUGHT after location and has a 20ft LOUNGE, modern kitchen, DINING ROOM and FOUR DOUBLE bedrooms. Outside is a GARAGE & DRIVE along with enclosed rear garden."
"*MUST VIEW* Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this five bedroom semi- detached 3 storey home located in Hampton Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/dining room, cloakroom, utility room, five bedrooms, 2 en-suite shower rooms, family bathroom, garage, off r..."
"CORNER PLOT. *PLOT 14 - THE HADLEY AT HAMPTON BEACH* The Hadley is a spacious three bedroom detached family home featuring a large open-plan kitchen diner with French doors to the garden and a separate utility. A bright and airy lounge, some handy understairs storage and a cloakroom complete the ..."
"Detached family home benefiting from four bedrooms, two reception rooms and located in a popular area. Accommodation comprises kitchen breakfast room, cloakroom, en suite to master bedroom, family bathroom, private enclosed rear garden and driveway with gated access leading to detached single garag"
"WELL PRESENTED detached family home in the sought after PE7 Location. Comprising of FOUR BEDROOMS, en-suite and fitted wardrobes to the master bedroom, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS. Benefitting from enclosed rear garden, single garage and driveway to the side offering parking for multiple cars, gas central h"
"A modern spacious home located on the popular development of Sugar Way within easy reach of the City Centre and road links. This property offers gas central heating, car port, single garage, five bedrooms, two reception rooms, en suite, kitchen, study area, utility, bathroom and garden to rear. **"
"Mandairs is pleased to present this 4 bedroom detached house to the market in the sought after location of Springfield. Ideal for a family, this property is well presented with a garage and driveway, this one is not to be missed and needs to be seen to be appreciated. Call or email us to view."
"Being offered with no forward chain, this lovely family home in this highly desirable location. Fully refitted and decorated throughout. Generous gardens with room to extend (stp)"
"DESCRIPTION * HAMPTON GARDENS * MUST VIEW * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this Four Bedroom Detached Home located in Hampton Gardens in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, utility room, cloakroom, four bedrooms, en-suite shower room, bathroom, garage, off ..."
Based in popular Stanground this handsome well presented three bedroom Detached Home. Close to local amenities and within easy reach to the City. It boasts LARGE CONSERVATORY and PRETTY GARDENS and DRIVEWAY PARKING with SINGLE GARAGE. Viewings highly recommended.
Would you like to wake up every morning to field views? This beautifully presented extended family home is situated in the sought after village of Farcet and boasts amazing views to the rear
"*** PEACEFULLY POSITIONED BUNGALOW NESTLED ON A GENEROUS PLOT *** ""A unique opportunity awaits with a well laid out home offering either multiple reception rooms or four bedrooms. With recent improvements having taken place, including the conversion of the utility in to the office area, the ho..."
"Bairstow Eves have brought to market this lovely family home located in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC in Cardea. Situated in Cardea this modern new build offers easy access to local amenities, transport links, local schools and convenient access to motorway links. The property is very..."
"Set in popular Gunthorpe, this immaculately presented FOUR BEDROOM HOME within easy walking distance to Norwood Primary school, shops and local amenities. Easy access also to Peterborough City with its quick Rail & Road links."
"IDEAL FAMILY HOME….benefits from FOUR BEDROOMS, utility and conservatory. Outside continues with off road parking and ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN. Call now to arrange your viewing!!"
"EXTENDED FIVE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME with an additional SELF-CONTAINED ANNEX, with Living and Kitchen area and Shower room offering independent living. The property offers large family living space. It also boasts off road parking, garage and large landscaped rear garden. Good Schools nearby."
"PERFECT LOCATION FOR A FAMILY HOME! Don't miss out on this detached family house which has been extended to the rear, is in good condition throughout and sits in a popular area of Peterborough, all available with No Forward Chain! Outside, the property offers a large front garden laid with la..."
"Smart Move are delighted to offer for sale, this immaculately presented, three bedroom detached home in Stanground. Set within close proximity to local amenities, schools, health care centres and fantastic access into the city centre, this spacious family home is ideal for a growing family. A..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! This modern extended three double bedroom Bungalow is close to schools and shops and the Peterborough Hospital. Set in a quiet cul de sac, offers great space for family living. On a bus route, easy quick access to the City and major Road and Rail Links."
"Offering approximately 1350 sq ft of internal living accommodation, this three storey townhouse is set on Wye Valley Road in Sugar Way. If you're looking for an ideal family home in a fantastic location, then this might just be the property for you."
"Situated in the popular area of Park Farm. Close to local nurseries, Primary and Secondary Schools as well as local shops and other amenities. Ideal for someone working from home and DECEPTIVELY THROUGHOUT. Viewings highly recommended to appreciate the accommodation on offer."
"Offered for sale with NO FORWARD CHAIN and located in the popular area of Fletton, within easy access to the train station and City Centre is this detached bungalow. The property offers gas central heating, UPVC double glazing, three bedrooms, en suite to master, two reception rooms and kitchen. O"
"In a desirable residential area, in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC of Netherton is this generous sized THREE BEDROOM DETACHED family home sutured on a large plot. Offers easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling, motorway links and short distance away from the Peterborough rowing lakes & City Centre,"
"Extended link-detached house, hall & clkrm, lounge, dining/sitting area & family room. Kitchen & Utilty Rm. 4 double bedrooms, bathroom & en-suite shower rm, gas radiator c/h & uPVC double glazing. Front & rear gardens, garage & off-road parking (8594N)."
"Spacious five bedroom end terrace property situated in the popular area of Sugar Way. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, cloakroom, five bedrooms, en-suite to master and family bathroom. Outside is a car port area leading to single garage. Call to view ."
* Garage Conversion into Annexe * Downstairs Bedroom & En-Suite * Total Floor Area 98 Square Metres * Bathroom & Cloakroom * Kitchen/Dining Room * uPVC Conservatory * Low Maintenance Garden * Parking to Front for 3 Vehicles * Study Area for Home Working * Quiet Cul-De-Sa...
"VIEIWING IS ESSENTIAL on this four bedroom detached family home situation in a sought after cul-de-sac location in GUNTHORPE, close to local amenities, schools and the PETERBOROUGH Parkway. CALL NOW TO VIEW!"
"This immaculately presented two-storey home will impress the most astute of buyers. Positioned in a sought after location in Cardea, South Stanground, surrounded by other quality modern homes, it exudes a certain style and sophistication you will be delighted to share with friends and family."
"A Large Building Plot with Full Planning Permission and no CIL, we are finalising discussions with our Vendor over that sale of a building Plot of approximately 1/4 acre, permission for a 5 bedroom home of about 3600sqft habitable.This is a fabulous opportunity for a self-builder or developer."
"Bairstow Eves Estate Agents are excited to offer this STUNNING DETACHED FAMILY HOME in a sought-after residential location within Longthorpe. The property is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac offering convenient access to Peterborough City Centre, the mainline Railway Station as well as local amenit..."
"This detached bungalow located in the popular village of Orton Waterville and sits on a generous plot offers the potential to extend (stpp) , includes a lounge with double aspect views!"
"EXTENDED 3 BEDROOM, 3 RECEPTION ROOM HOME with GARAGEThe property has an Entrance Hall with WC, Lounge, KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM, Dining Room and Sun RoomThe first floor has 3 Bedrooms and the 4 Piece Bathroom.Outside there are front and rear gardens, Driveway and Garage"
Haart Estate Agents are delighted to exclusively offer FOR SALE this Two Bedroom Detached Bungalow situated on approximately 1/2 an acre of land (sts) in the popular location of Bretton
"**STUNNING FIELD VIEWS TO REAR** Smart Move are delighted to offer for sale this spacious, four bedroom, family home in Farcet. Extended heavily over two floors, this fantastic home offers versatile living and would be perfect for running a business within the confines of your own property. Ac..."
"Four Bedroom Home With Kitchen Family Room, Two Reception Rooms, En-suite And Landscaped Garden This immaculately presented home offers a modern refitted kitchen and utility, refitted en-suite and bathroom, partially converted garage and for good sized bedrooms with a potential fifth!"
An EXTENDED semi-detached THREE/FOUR BEDROOM home benefiting from TWO/THREE RECEPTION ROOMS and an EXTENSIVE SOUTH-WESTERLY FACING REAR GARDEN with the POTENTIAL TO EXTEND TO SIDE/REAR (subject to planning permission).
This four bedroom link detached family home has been improved by the current owners and offers contemporary and spacious living accommodation throughout located in Hampton Hargate the property offers easy access to all amenities.
"Extended Four Bedroom Home With Field Views, Garage and Workshop This beautifully presented home offers spacious rooms, four piece bathroom, loft room, refitted kitchen, conservatory and plenty of off road parking and is situated in the sought after village of Farcet."
"SAVE OVER £23,000 - KITCHEN UPGRADE WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES + FLOORING + SHOWER OVER BATH + EXTERNAL POWER SOCKET + ADDITIONAL DOWNLIGHTS + £12,000 CASH INCENTIVE. WALKING DISTANCE TO LAKE. MOVE IN THIS SPRING. *PLOT 295 - THE CHESTER AT HAMPTON WATER* This detached home features a contemporar..."
"SAVE OVER £20,000 - KITCHEN UPGRADE WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES + FLOORING + £12,000 CASH INCENTIVE. OVERLOOKING GREEN OPEN SPACE. *PLOT 147 - THE CHESTER AT HAMPTON BEACH* This four bedroom home includes a spacious open plan kitchen with French doors to the garden. A bright and airy lounge, cloak..."
"This new development by The Brightfield Group offers a modern collection of One and Two Bedroom Apartments and Duplex Penthouses which benefit of views across the City some with balconies. The homes are built to a high-spec, benefiting from secure and gated underground parking with concierge ser..."
BEEBYS are delighted to offer for sale this very well presented Detached Bungalow set in the desirable location of LONGTHORPE. With easy access to local amenities and City Centre. OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN.  This was originally 3 Bedrooms but has been reconfigured into 2 Bedrooms. 828...
"Looking for the perfect family home? This property makes a substantial home, with four great sized bedrooms, two bathrooms, downstairs WC, huge conservatory, driveway with garage and private rear garden! This house is the perfect step up/upgrade for a established or growing family. The sough..."
** INVESTMENT PROPERTY** Belvoir are pleased to bring to offer the rare opportunity to invest in this block of 3 individually leased apartments. The apartments are located in the thriving city centre of Peterborough and just a short walk from the train station. The detached unit...
"SAVE OVER £8,000 - KITCHEN UPGRADE WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES + FLOORING. *PLOT 11 - THE KENNETT AT HAMPTON BEACH* If you're looking for a modern townhouse with an impressive main bedroom then the Kennett is the ideal home for you. Downstairs you'll find your bay fronted lounge, a W.C and your mo..."
"The Glenmore is a three-bedroom home with an integral garage. The bright open-plan kitchen/dining room with a door leading to the garden is ideal for entertaining. There’s a front porch, inner hallway, WC and fitted cupboard. Upstairs, there’s an en suite to bedroom one and a family bathroom."
"*** SUPERB LIVING SPACE AT THIS FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME WITH AN ADDITIONAL OFFICE AREA *** ""Featuring a good sized L-shaped kitchen / living space on the ground floor, an additional living room, downstairs cloakroom, four bedrooms, an office space, family bathroom and an en-suite to bedroom o..."
"Established semi detached property which has been converted into two flats. The property is located in the popular area of Millfield, and within walking distance to the local amenities. The property benefits from two flats, one based downstairs and one based upstairs within the property. The..."
** Established detached family home | Three Bedrooms | Two Reception Rooms | Downstairs Cloakroom/Utility | Single Garage | Front & Rear Gardens | Popular Location | Close to Local Amenities | Near to City Centre | Cu-De-Sac Location | Viewing Highly Advisable.
DETACHED THREE BEDROOM HOUSE FOR SALE - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - PERFECT FAMILY HOME - OFF ROAD PARKING - LARGE PLOT - PRIVATE REAR GARDEN - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM ON 
"A SPACIOUS bungalow set on a well maintained and GOOD SIZE PLOT in arguably one of the most SOUGHT AFTER parts of Farcet. The well presented accommodation comprises: entrance hall, lounge, DINING ROOM, kitchen diner, UTILITY, rear WC, three bedrooms, family bathroom, multi car driveway & GARAGE."
"* The Fletcher * brand new, chain free and energy efficient home with a 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * OPEN PLAN living and dining room with FRENCH DOORS to the garden * DRESSING AREA and EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * modern throughout * no DIY required * call us today for details on this home!"
Reserve today with a 5% deposit using our Deposit Unlock scheme.*. .
"Welcome to this four-bedroom home located in the heart of Peterborough, offering the perfect combination of convenience and comfort. The property is ideally situated in a sought-after location, just a stone's throw away from the city centre, Kings School and the train station."
"With easy access to the City and Hospital, this property has been extended to offer a larger Family living. Near local schools and shops and open spaces and with the option to convert the Garage space to make 6 Beds."
"Being Sold via Secure Sale Online Bidding. Terms & Conditions Apply. Starting Bid £330,000.In need of modernisation, this deceptively spacious detached bungalow is situated within the heart of Werrington on a GENEROUS SOUTH-WEST FACING PLOT, being sold with NO ONW..."
"City and County are excited to market this very spacious, FOUR BEDROOM, semi-detached property located in the City Centre of Peterborough. This property briefly comprises, entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom comprising a WC and wash hand basin, two large reception rooms, kitchen/diner fitted with..."
"City and County are pleased to market this very spacious, FOUR-BEDROOM DETACHED property, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in Bretton. Offering easy access to Peterborough City Hospital, Fitzwilliam Hospital, local schooling and amenities. This property is the perfect family home for a growing fami..."
"Bairstoweves estate agents are delighted to offer FOR SALE this three bedroom Detached property situated a short distance away from the city centre & train station. This property boasts THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, fitted kitchen and an additional games room, garage and storage room to the ground f..."
"We are pleased to present this four-bedroom, detached property located in Peterborough. The property consists of – Lounge, Kitchen, Dining room, Conservatory, Four bedrooms, a Bathroom and a WC. This property, offers spacious accommodation arranged over two floors, and sits on a..."
"A spacious FOUR BEDROOM semi-detached house in the sought after area of west town briefly comprising of TWO LARGE RECEPTION ROOMS, a 20 FT KITCHEN DINER and offered with no forward chain!"
"NO FORWARD CHAIN. Situated within the much sought after location, this well presented town house offers spacious accommodation, making it an excellent family home or investment opportunity. With five bedrooms, family bathroom, ensuit shower room and single garage this home really must be viewed."
"We are delighted to bring to market this deceptively spacious DETACHED BUNGALOW situated within the heart of Werrington on a GENEROUS SOUTH-WEST FACING PLOT, being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The accommodation comprises of THREE BEDROOMS, two spacious reception rooms, kitchen, utility room, fo..."
"* Plot 108 * The Fletcher * brand new, chain free & energy efficient home with a 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * OPEN PLAN living & dining room with FRENCH DOORS to the garden * DRESSING AREA & EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * PAY NO AGENT FEES if you have a home to sell^ * contact us today!"
"Home 263 now comes with Internal Upgrades inside worth £7,332! This includes integrated Bosch kitchen appliances, laminate worktop, vinyl flooring and shower over bath.The Cypress is an attractive, 3 bedroom semi-detached family home with a single garage and 2 parking spaces.
A moder..."
"Home 264 now comes with internal upgrades inside worth £7,648!This includes upgraded kitchen with integrated appliances, laminate worktops, vinyl flooring, laminate flooring and shower over bath.The Cypress is an attractive, 3 bedroom semi-detached family home with a single garage and..."
"An extended detached home of 1127 sq/ft / 104 sq/metres with tandem garaging and large westerly facing rear garden, offered for sale with no forward chain.  "
"***NO FORWARD CHAIN*** City and County are excited to bring to the market this UNIQUE and desirable FIVE BEDROOMED SEMI-DETACHED family home! The property is conveniently located within central Peterborough, offering easy access to local schools, amenities, transport links and Peterborough train ..."
"Recently refurbished throughout, this detached bungalow offers good size accommodation including a 19' living room, 14' kitchen diner and 14' sun room. Offering off road parking, a good size rear garden and benefitting from no onward chain."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! We welcome to the market this four bedroom HMO which is currently tenanted and offers a good yield. This property is in a great location and within walking distance to the city centre, new university and train station."
"DON'T MISS OUT ON THIS SPACIOUS FOUR-BEDROOM DETACHED HOUSE WITHIN EASY ACCESS TO PETERBOROUGH CITY CENTRE AND TRAIN STATION. AVAILABLE WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN! The property features parking, integral garage space and an enclosed garden space to the rear which is laid with decking, patio and l..."
"LOVELY 3 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH SPACIOUS REAR GARDEN AND GARAGE - Located in Hampton Gardens, on a quiet cul de sac is this stunning 3 bedroom detached family home with driveway and garage...."
"*** CUL DEL SAC LOCATION NO ONWARD CHAIN *** '' Beautifully presented in the heart of Werrington is this fantastic family home. Featuring a garage that is partly converted, off road parking for multiple cars, three bedrooms, with an ensuite to bedroom one, two reception rooms, kitchen, cloakro..."
This is an INDIVIDUALLY BUILT modern DETACHED FAMILY HOME. Offering open plan ground floor living this property is located in a popular and convenient RESIDENTIAL STREET within close proximity to Peterborough City Centre and local amenities and transport links. Accommodation comprises: Spacious e...
"***No Forward Chain!*** City & County are pleased to offer this fantastic opportunity to purchase this lovely THREE STOREY FAMILY HOME, within proximity to Hampton Centre. Situated in a desirable part of Peterborough, with several amenities close by, including Serpentine Green, easy access t..."
"AN ENTICING LOCATION A fantastic opportunity to purchase a property in Werrington. CHAIN FREE and ready for its new owners, this property will allow the buyer to put their own stamp on it and create a lovely family home. Call us today for full details and to book your private viewing."
"Freedom Homes are proud to present this stylish, fully upgraded HMO investment property on Cromwell Road, PE1, for £330,000. Collecting a Gross Annual Income of £35,000.A simplistic property with a pop colour with four bedsits and two-en-ensuite rooms. There is a communal kitchen in the property."
"Five bedroom, detached house for sale on Clarence Road. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room, kitchen, conservatory, lean to, five bedrooms, bathroom and garden."
"Modern end of terrace property in the highly sought after Hampton Gardens. In brief this property comprises of entrance hall, downstairs WC, kitchen/diner and lounge, three double bedrooms, one generous single, family bathroom and en-suite. Outside is a detached garage, driveway for 3 cars and fr..."
"Designed with families in mind, the Sherwood is a stunning three-bedroom detached home. The open plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading onto the garden - perfect for gatherings with friends and family. There’s also a generous front-aspect living room and an en suite to bedroom one."
"Modern townhouse property in the highly sought after Hampton Gardens. In brief this property comprises of entrance hall, downstairs WC, kitchen/diner and lounge, three double bedrooms, one generous single, family bathroom and ensuite. Outside is a detached garage, driveway and front & rear gardens."
"OPEN HOUSE - Friday 7th April 13:00 - 14:00, contact us for details. *** PHOTOS AND FLOOR PLANS TO FOLLOW*** Situated in desirable residential area which offers easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling, motor way links and the Itter park which has tennis courts and large field..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £325,000-£350,000 Offered with No Forward Chain!*** City & County are pleased to offer this fantastic opportunity to purchase this lovely NEWLY BUILT, THREE BEDROOMED FAMILY HOME, within proximity to Hampton Centre. Hampton is a desirable part of Peterborough with several ameni..."
"3 bedroom END OF TERRACE HOUSEWith a CLOAKROOM, LARGE Kitchen/diner and living room and a CONSERVATORYUpstairs there are 3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS and a family bathroomExternally there is a GARAGE and OFF ROAD PARKING"
"**MUST VIEW HOME**WALKING DISTANCE TO CITYS UNIVERSITY** CALL THE OFFICE NOW TO BOOK IN YOUR VIEWING** Bairstow Eves estate agents are pleased to offer for sale this four DOUBLE bedroom detached family home in the Peterborough location. The property comprises of entrance hall, lounge, ..."
"Situated in a sought after location within Werrington. This detached property benefits from THREE BEDROOMS, family bathroom, lounge/diner, downstairs cloakroom. Outside continues with OFF ROAD PARKING, garage and ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN, close to local schools and amenities."
"This a rare opportunity to own a Semi-Detached Home in the heart of Longthorpe Village.Set just off Thorpe Road, and in a cul de sac of only eight other homes, this would make an excellent family home.There is easy access to local schools, shops, the city centre, and ac..."
"NO CHAIN! Based in popular New England, this professionally extended Family Home. The property is close to good schools and local Shops and is within easy access to the City and its quick Rail Links. Features include FOUR BEDROOMS, EN-SUITE & an ANNEX"
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this three double bedroom detached house in Goodacre, Orton Goldhay. Comprising of entrance hallway, downstairs WC, two reception rooms & additional rear conservatory. First floor; three double bedrooms, re-fitted shower room. Outside; enclosed rear garden..."
"Alderman's Drive is within walking distance to the City Centre and Train Station. There are amenities close by along with the NHS walk in Centre. Features include CLOAKROOM, BREAKFAST ROOM & SNUG/3RD RECEPTION ROOM. Viewings highly recommended to appreciate the accommodation on offer."
"A rare five bedroom detached house on Clarence road has come to market! Offered with off road parking for 3+ cars, five great sized bedrooms and plenty of living space downstairs! Call Sharman Quinney to arrange your viewing!"
"*MUST VIEW* EXCITING HMO OR FAMILY HOME OPPORTUNITY Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this five bedroom detached home located close to Peterborough City Centre in brief comprises of Lounge, Sitting Room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Wet Room, Sun Room, Lean To, Five Double Bedrooms, Fami..."
"This Clayton Corner lifetime home is set in the popular location of Farcet. A fantastic family home, with an open plan kitchen/diner and equally impressive living room, this home could be just for you!"
"** DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** Belvoir are delighted to bring to the market this very well presented four bedroom propery situated in a quiet cul de sac location. The property boasts a range of attractive features including TWO RECEPTION ROOMS with box bay window to the front aspect of the Lounge,..."
"IDEAL FAMILY HOME…..Situated in a popular Cul-De-Sac location in Gunthorpe. Benefits from THREE BEDROOMS and good size lounge/diner. Outside continues with off road parking, GARAGE and enclosed rear garden. Being offered with no upward chain. View Now!"
"Extended / No Chain - Four bedroom, semi detached property. Accommodation comprises of a hallway, lounge, kitchen, dining room, rear garden. To the 1st Floor there are four bedrooms, en-suite to master and bathroom. There is also an annexe with lounge/kitchen & shower room - Call today!"
"An established well presented semi detached home in the sought after central location of PE1. The property has been much improved and extended with five bedrooms, three bathrooms and two reception areas with separate office. The property has an annexe with its own entrance and is completely indepe"
"A rare opportunity to take ownership of this three bedroom detached house on the sought after road of Newark Avenue. Briefly comprising of two reception rooms, off road parking and a stunning rear garden!"
"City and County are excited to bring to the market this UNIQUE and desirable FIVE BEDROOMED DETACHED family home! The property is conveniently located within central Peterborough, offering easy access to local schools, amenities, transport links and walking distance to Peterborough train station...."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this large five bedroom family home to the market. Providing two reception rooms, kitchen/diner, conservatory, four double bedrooms and a single, a wet room, family bathroom, and a double garage. Close to schools and local amenities."
"No chain! We are pleased to welcome this five bedroom detached property to the market. This property is heavily extended and benefits from having off road parking, a garage and is close to local amenities."
This three storey four bedroom end terrace house boasts spacious and contemporary living accommodation throughout situated on the popular Hampton Vale development this property offers easy access to all local amenities.
"We are delighted to welcome this immaculately presented three bedroom bungalow located in a quiet cul-de-sac. This property benefits from having off road parking, a garage and a stunning conservatory."
"* The Chandler * PAY NO AGENT FEES if you have a home to sell^ * brand new, chain free & energy efficient home with a 10 year NHBC warranty for peace of mind * OPEN PLAN kitchen & dining room with FRENCH DOORS to the garden * living room with a BAY WINDOW * EN SUITE to bedroom 1 * contact us today"
"This is a fantastic DECEPTIVELY LARGE DETACHED BUNGALOW located in a quiet cul-de-sac that provides easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling and the A1. Features include, TWO SHOWER ROOMS, THREE/FOUR BEDROOMS & OFF ROAD PARKING."
"Smart Move are delighted to offer for sale, this recently renovated, three bedroom, detached bungalow in Farcet. Situated within walking distance to the local secondary school, close to local amenities and has bus routes nearby, this property is an ideal purchase for those looking to be on one le..."
"Fully refurbished throughout is this detached bungalow offering good sized accommodation. Comprising of entrance hall, living room, kitchen breakfast room, family room, three bedroom, en-suite to the master bedroom and family bathroom. Offering off road parking, a good size rear garden and benefitt"
This five bedroom end terrace house presently used as an HMO boasts contemporary and spacious living accommodation over three floors located on Delves Way it offers easy access to local amenities.
"** COMING SOON is this extended detached, family home benefitting from, Four Double Bedrooms | Downstairs Cloakroom | Three Reception Rooms | Conservatory | Single Garage | Enclosed Rear Garden | Cul-De-Sac Location | Close to Local Amenities | Popular Location | Viewing Highly Advisable"
"IN NEED OF A BUNGALOW? THEN LOOK NO FURTHER. An amazing opportunity to purchase this three bedroom DETACHED bungalow set in a CUL-DE-SAC location within Orton Goldhay. This property is deceptively large and comprises of a kitchen/diner, sun room with an amazing SKY LIGHT window, works..."
"**AN IDEAL FAMILY HOME with INCENTIVES AVAILABLE. The Hulsfield - A beautiful 3 bedroom home offering LIGHT & SPACIOUS INTERIORS, a fully INTEGRATED kitchen, separate study and TWO ENSUITE BEDROOMS. **SHOWHOME OPEN DAILY**"
"Beautiful link detached family home in Loch Lomond Way, Orton Northgate. The property comprises; three bedrooms, two reception rooms, kitchen and downstairs WC. First floor; three bedrooms and bathroom. Outside; driveway, front and rear garden. Viewings highly recommended."
Modern terraced property in the highly sought after Hampton Gardens. Great condition 5 year old property on Westbury Drive in the highly sought after Hampton Gardens. This beautifully presented mid terrace property comprises of an entrance hall with downstairs WC. Adjacent is the open plan mod...
"Detached family home in the sought after location of Hampton. The property benefits from three bedrooms, en suite to master bedroom, two reception areas, cloakroom and utility with a good sized established garden to rear. This home is well presented throughout and is offered for sale with NO FORWA"
*LARGE KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM* *POPULAR DEVELOPMENT* *BUILT BY CALA HOMES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 4 Bedroom Townhouse in the popular location of Hampton Vale. The property was built in 2017 by Cala Homes and was known as 'The Grassington' f...
"WAS £328,000 NOW £315,000. Plus you only need a 5% deposit using our Deposit Unlock scheme*. ."
"**Offering NO UPWARD CHAIN** Exceptional MODERN Four Bedroom Family DETACHED home in the sought after location of Gunthorpe. Easy access to local amenities and Manor Drive School. Spacious KITCHEN DINER, LOUNGE utility/rear hall, and downstairs cloakroom, FOUR good sized Bedrooms,and ..."
"Spacious detached family three story house in good order throughout providing comfortable living for the growing family. The accommodation offers an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, fitted kitchen/diner, utility room, four bedrooms one with an en-suite, family bathroom and a top floor separate t..."
"** FOUR BEDROOMS ** SEMI DETACHED ** EXTENDED ** CONSERVATORY ** GARAGE ** TWO BATHROOMS ** Situated in the highly sought after location of Netherton with easy access to local amenities, schools, City Centre, Peterborough Hospital and Train Station"
"Three bedroom detached house located in Kilbride Way in the very popular area of Orton Northgate. Comprising of entrance hallway, downstairs WC, lounge and kitchen/diner. First floor; three bedrooms, en-suite to master & family bathroom. Outside offers enclosed rear garden with lawn and patio. Dr..."
"*MUST VIEW * HAMPTON GARDENS* Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this four bedroom  3 storey mid- terrace home located in Hampton Gardens close to HG School in brief comprises of Entrance hall, Kitchen/Diner, Lounge, cloakroom,  Four Bedrooms, bathroom, en-suite shower room, off road..."
"***FOUR BEDROOM TOWN HOUSE FOR SALE IN HAMPTON GARDENS***  Beebys Property Services are delighted to offer For Sale this four bedroom town house in the heart of Hampton Gardens, Peterborough.  The property briefly consists of open plan kitchen/dining/family room with French door..."
This impressive end terrace house is ideal for the growing family offering versatility if you need to work from home!
"The accommodation offers entrance hall, downstairs wc, kitchen, lounge/diner, two bedrooms/additional reception room, one with balcony to the first floor and family bathroom. Master bedroom with en suite to the top floor along with an additional bedroom. Gardens to the front & rear and garage."
"Sharman Quinney are proud to present this modern four bedroom home in the desirable location of Hampton Gardens, a new development with great schools and easy access to the A1 and other transport links. Call today to book your viewing!"
"Detached property on Werrington Park Avenue- In brief this property comprises of, lounge, kitchen with dining area, utility room, cloakroom, three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Parking to the front and rear garden."
"This home now comes with £10,653 worth of upgraded specification inside including shower over bath, wall tiling, integrated kitchen appliances, laminate and vinyl flooring and towel warmer. Plus this home has a South-East facing garden. Home 213, The Rowan, makes the most of its spaci..."
"This home now comes with over £8,196 worth of upgraded specification inside including shower over bath, integrated kitchen appliances vinyl flooring, upgraded worktops and towel warmer. Plus this home has a South-East facing garden.The Rowan, makes the most of its spacious 930 sq ft. ..."
"Extended Semi Detached House | Lounge | Open Plan Family & Dining Area | Conservatory | Kitchen Area | Bedroom 4 Downstairs & En-suite Shower Room| First Floor Landing | Three Bedrooms | Family Bathroom | Outside, Off Road Parking | Storage/Utility Area | Enclosed Rear Garden +Detached Annex"
"* HAMPTON WATER * MUST VIEW * NEW LISTING * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this four bedroom 3 Storey end-terrace home in brief comprises of entrance hall, cloakroom, study, open plan lounge/kitchen, four bedrooms, en-suite shower room, family bathroom, off road parking, rear garden..."
"EXCELLENCE COMES AS STANDARD This fabulous three bedroom property is in immaculate condition and move in ready. The property benefits from a fully fitted kitchen/diner, cloakroom, family bathroom, landscaped garden & garage. Only by viewing can one appreciate this home."
"Recently Renovated - Four bedroom, detached house on the Popular Welland Road. Presented to a high standard it benefits from lounge, kitchen, utility room, downstairs bedroom with en-suite, cloakroom. First floor accommodates three further bedrooms and a bathroom. Driveway providing off road parking"
"This modern semi-detached town house OVERLOOKS A GREEN TO THE FRONT ASPECT, tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac position."
"We are pleased to welcome to the market this bay fronted three bedroom semi-detached family home. This property benefits from having two receptions rooms, an enclosed rear garden, off road parking and garage."
"*** STUNNING BRAND NEW THREE/FOUR BEDROOM HOMES *** LAST PLOT REMAINING *** An exclusive development of contemporary three/four bedroom townhouses, designed by the developer for modern family living, with a premium specification to include Bosch appliances, quartz worktops, underfloor heating,..."
"This four bedroom end terrace house offering versatile living is ideal for the family with its study ideal for working from home, open plan kitchen/ lounge dining room, en-suite to the master bedroom and allocated parking for two vehicles."
"Three / Four bedroom end terraced house located in the popular Eastfield area. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen and conservatory. Three bedrooms to the 1st floor, one bedroom on the second floor and downstairs bathroom. Outside is a rear garden and garage."
"This semi-detached home has been EXTENDED DOUBLE STOREY to the rear, situated on a GENEROUS PLOT with a SOUTH-WEST FACING REAR GARDEN."
"An exclusive development of 5 brand new, contemporary homes, meticulously designed for modern family living. Built to a premium specification, Bosch appliances, quartz worktops, underfloor heating, Hive home technology and electric car chargers are all included as standard."
"An EXTENDED semi-detached home with a DOUBLE GARAGE & PARKING to the rear, as well as PLANNING PERMISSION for a FIRST FLOOR EXTENSION for an additional fourth bedroom."
"NO UPWARD CHAIN! This FOUR bedroom FAMILY home is in a POPULAR location. Internally there is a lounge, separate DINING room, kitchen/breakfast room, CONSERVATORY, four bedrooms with EN SUITE to master and a family bathroom. Outside is an enclosed rear garden, GARAGE and DRIVE."
"IMMACULATE FAMILY HOME – CLOSE TO ALL LOCAL AMENITIES! This well presented two-storey home will impress the most astute of buyers. Positioned in a sought after location in Cardea, South Stanground, surrounded by other quality modern homes, it exudes a certain sophistication you will be delight..."
"City and County are excited to market this immaculate THREE/FOUR BEDROOM, heavily extended, semi-detached property, situated in Farcet, Peterborough. Offering easy access to local schooling, amenities and local transport, this property is perfect for a growing family . The property brief..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000*** This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase this FOUR-bedroom SEMI-DETACHED family home, which is situated in a central location, and offers easy access to the train station, City Centre, amenities, schools and Peterborough college. The property briefly comp..."
"Established detached bungalow situated in the popular cul de sac location of Farcet. Offering an impressive 26' conservatory, oversized garage with a large driveway providing off road parking for several vehicles. Also benefits from no onward chain"
"This detached bungalow benefits from THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, an abundance of driveway parking, GARAGE and is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"*Must View* Next Move Estate agents are pleased to offer this 4 bedroom end terrace property located close to Peterborough City Centre in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, conservatory, downstairs bathroom, cloakroom, four double bedrooms, top floor cloakroom, gar..."
"Three storey semi detached property on Skye Close, Orton Northgate. Property comprises of; four bedrooms, en suite, family bathroom, cloakroom, kitchen and lounge/diner, great outlook and off road parking."
"Pleased to offer this extended semi detached family home in Stanground. With modern kitchen, wood flooring, two bathrooms, cosy Living Room with working Fireplace, Formal Dining Room with French Doors to the Garden and ample Drive Way Parking, this property offers excellent family living."
"Three bedroom, semi detached located in the popular area of Parnwell. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen/diner and conservatory. Two bedrooms, bathroom and study/dressing area to first floor. The master bedroom and En-Suite on the second floor. Garage & driveway."
"LOCATION,LOCATION,LOCATION! This EXTENDED THREE bedroom FAMILY home is in a SOUGHT after area. Internally there is a lounge, dining room, OFFICE/PLAYROOM and kitchen with utility area. Upstairs are three good size bedrooms and bathroom. Outside is a GOOD size rear GARDEN, GARAGE and DRIVE.."
"Presenting to the market is this stunning four bedroom end terrrace property, situated on the popular Aqua Drive. The property offers spacious accommodation and is presented to a high standard. Call us today for more details and to book a viewing!"
"Smart Move are delighted to offer for sale this spacious four bedroom, semi detached property in the sought after location of Orton Longueville. Situated within close proximity to local schools, amenities and fantastic access for major road networks across the city, this home would be ideal for a..."
"Fantastic THREE BED LINK-DETACHED HOUSE which benefits from a Kitchen/Diner, Utility Room, Lounge and downstairs W.C. Upstairs there are Three Bedrooms, Ensuite to the Master Bedroom and a family Bathroom. Driveway parking and a Garage to the side of the house along with the front and back gar..."
Plus you only need a 5% deposit using our Deposit Unlock scheme.*. .
"***Offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN!*** City & County are pleased to offer this three bedroom three storey, semi-detached family home. It is located in a Cul-De-Sac location featuring field views to the front. It is conveniently located for access to Peterborough City Centre, local amenities and bus..."
"3 BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW!This bungalow comprises of an Entrance Hall, Lounge, EXTENDED KITCHEN/DINER, Three Bedrooms and a Shower RoomOutside, there is ample parking on the DRIVEWAY and a GARAGEThere is also a good sized Rear Garden and overlooks a green to the front This Home also offers NO F..."
"*** MODERNISED TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW *** ""Located in a highly desired PE4 location, this two bedroomed bungalow is immaculately presented. Featuring an open plan living space, additional living room, modern shower room, two double bedrooms and a garage with off road parking for multipl..."
"This investment project will produce in excess of £29,616 IN RENT, PER ANNUM.Freedom Homes are proud to present for sale this turnkey HMO investment on St Marks Street, Peterborough, PE1."
FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME - RECENTLY REFURBISHED - CONSERVATORY - CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - LOCAL TO AMENITIES - PARKING FOR THREE CARS - SOUGHT AFTER AREA - TO FIND OUT MORE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase this lovely, well-presented THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME. This deceptively spacious property is a must see. The accommodation offers easy commute to the city centre, train station, local amenities, transport links and schooling. Briefly ..."
"City and County are excited to market for sale this spacious DETACHED CHALET BUNGALOW in the Gunthorpe Area. Conveniently positioned to local shops, schools and services. Brotherhood Retail Park incorporating a large Marks and Spencer and Next outlet is a short commute away. Accommodation compris..."
"DO NOT MISS OUT! This MODERNISED detached bungalow, Situated in the SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION of Thorpe lea road is just A FEW MINUTES' WALK from Peterborough CITY CENTRE and TRAIN STATION!"
"City and County are excited to market this heavily extended, three-bedroom semi-detached property situated in close proximity to Peterborough City Centre. With access to local transport, schools and amenities, this property is perfect for a growing family. The property briefly comprises..."
"A fantastic 3 bedroom detached house in Peterborough. *Offers in Excess of £300,000 - £325,000* Comprised of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Bright and cosy living room with feature fireplace Well-appointed modern kitchen / diner with wall and..."
"Situated in a popular, quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC is this MODERN, THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED family home. Offers easy access to amenities, schooling, transport links, City College, Motor Way links and open fields with Parks."
You only need a 5% deposit using our Deposit Unlock scheme.*. .
"Ideally located on the southern edge of Peterborough and surrounded by country park and lakes, your new home at Hampton Water benefits from leisure amenities on your doorstep including Crown Lakes Country Park and Peterborough WakePark. You'll benefit from excellent commuter links, with Pete..."
"SOUTH FACING GARDEN. OWN THIS HOME WITH JUST A 5% DEPOSIT WITH DEPOSIT UNLOCK. *PLOT 176 - THE BRANCASTER AT HAMPTON BEACH* The heart of your new home is the spacious lounge that leads to an attractive, open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading to the rear garden. Upstairs you will ..."
"SAVE OVER £18,000 - FULLY INTEGRATED KITCHEN UPGRADE + FLOORING + £12,000  CASH INCENTIVE. CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION. *PLOT 275 - THE BRANCASTER AT HAMPTON WATER* The heart of your new home is the spacious lounge that leads to an attractive, open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors leading to th..."
***Please Quote CM0102 When Requesting Further Information or to Arrange a viewing*** This sensational large Four Bedroom Town House  is one not to miss*** Watch Our TV Style Video*** Located in sought-after location in Peterborough ...
* NO UPWARD CHAIN * Set in Cul-De-Sac Location * Two Bedroom Detached Bungalow * Spacious Lounge/Diner * Gardens to Front & Rear *
"Three bedroom detached house in Hampton Gardens close to the A1. Comprises of a kitchen/diner, lounge, cloakroom, three bedrooms, ensuite, bathroom, garage, driveway and front and rear gardens."
"This Barratts home built three bedroom semi-detached house boasts contemporary and spacious living accommodation and is located on the very popular Hampton Water development, offering easy access to local amenities."
"Situated in a new build area of Gunthorpe, this three-bedroom detached home would be perfect for a family or a first-time purchase. Offering access to the main roads and local schooling, this property offers everything you would want in a property. Benefitting from gas central heating, and uPVC d..."
"** For Sale by Online Auction. Starting Bid £295,000. Terms and Conditions apply. ** Offering No Upward Chain is this delightful 1930s bay fronted detached family home which is situated on a generous sized plot and boasting of a 29'7"" x 15'6"" workshop/garage at the rear of the garde..."
"City and County are delighted to present for sale this much improved, and extended, semi detached family home. Situated close to Peterborough City Centre and local amenities, this is a perfect, ready to move in to, family home. The property benefits from uPVC double glazing, and gas central ..."
"Smart Move are pleased to offer for sale, this three storey, three / four bedroom family home, located on the popular Hampton Water estate. Set on a sought after location."
"A fantastic 3 Bedroom be extended semi-detached home has just become available on Allan Avenue, Stanground. The property briefly consists of entrance hall, Separate Lounge Diner. 4th bedroom/Family room and Kitchen. Upstairs leads to two Double Bedrooms, One single bedroom as well as the family b..."
"**THIS IS A MUST VIEW FAMILY HOME** Bairstow Eves estate agents are thrilled to offer for sale this immaculate three bedroom terraced home, viewings are highly advised to appreciate the size of the property. To find out more, please contact our Sales team. The property comprises of entr..."
"Situated in a modern, new development of Gunthorpe. The property offers easy access to amenities, transport link and schooling. This would make the ideal, perfect family home. Features include EN-SUITE and OFF ROAD PARKING. Viewings highly recommended."
"Offering No Upward Chain is this delightful 1930s bay fronted detached family home which is situated on a generous sized plot and boasting of a 29'7"" x 15'6"" workshop/garage at the rear of the garden. Although the property needs some refurbishment, the property provides two ..."
"Situated in a popular, quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC is this MODERN, REFURBISHED THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED family home. Offers easy access to amenities, schooling, transport links, city college, motor way links and open fields with parks."
"Built in 2022 and finished to an exceptional standard, this spacious 930 sq ft 3-bedroom property benefits from a completely open plan sitting, dining & kitchen area on the ground floor. House is offset from the street and provides side-by-side parking for two cars. Ground floor: smart underfl..."
"An established detached bungalow in a popular area of Peterborough, located on a corner plot with a generous sized non overlooked rear garden. The accommodation in brief comprises of an entrance hall & inner hallway, open plan lounge and dining area, kitchen/breakfast room, three bedrooms, en-sui..."
"NO CHAIN* MUST VIEW *Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this three bedroom semi-detached 3 storey property located in Cardea Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, cloakroom, study/dining room, three double bedrooms, en-suite shower room, family bath..."
"4 BEDROOMS, 2 RECEPTION ROOMS, DRIVEWAY and GARAGE. The property has an Entrance Hall, WC, Lounge with doors to the Dining Room and Kitchen. The first floor has 4 bedrooms and the bathroom. Outside there is ample parking leading to the GARAGE and a rear garden"
"***Offered with no forward chain***All Saints Road is conveniently located within Peterborough City Centre with a short walk to the Train Station, Kings School, Central Park and other local Amenities. It’s not often that these Character properties come to the market with such potential! This is ..."
"A detached family home benefiting from a RECENTLY RE-FITTED KITCHEN DINER, as well as a CONSERVATORY to the rear, situated within a popular cul-de-sac position."
"***GUIDE PRICE £290,000 - £310,000*** City and County are pleased to market this IMMACULATE, EXTENDED three-bedroom, semi-detached family home. Situated within close proximity to Peterborough city centre, this property offers easy access to local schooling, amenities and local transport. Perfect ..."
"EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME!This home has an Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen, and a DINING ROOMUpstairs, there are three bedrooms and a family bathroomOutside, the property has been EXTENDED and has a garage as well as ample off road parking. There is also a garden to the rear"
"Spacious FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM modern townhouse comprising of kitchen breakfast room with fitted appliances, cloakroom, open plan lounge conservatory. first floor landing leads to two double bedrooms with Jack and Jill bath and shower room. Second floor leads to two further double bedrooms with Jack a"
"This EXTENDED 3 bedroom semi-detached house is located in an extremely popular part of Stanground. It benefits from a large south facing rear garden, a very good sized garage and is spacious throughout."
"SPACIOUS APARTMENT WITH RIVER VIEWS!! This LUXURY fifth floor apartment has STUNNING views over the RIVER and city skyline. The property is being offered for sale with NO UPWARD chain.. The property has HIGH spec FINISHES throughout with OPEN plan living area, TWO DOUBLE bedrooms & SECURE PARKING."
"The Danbury has a lovely natural flow that leads you through the living space. The hallway opens into the living room, the living room into the kitchen/dining room and the kitchen/dining room into the garden. This home will suit first-time buyers and young professionals."
"4 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN WERRINGTON, SET IN A QUIET CUL DE SAC - Located in Werrington, Peterborough, is this 4 bedroom detached family home with detached single garage and newly fitted kitch..."
"Set in a very sought-after location with access to both local junior and senior schools, this extended family home boasts the following accommodation: a light and airy entrance hall, lounge to the front, and good-sized family/dining room to the rear complete with UPVC French doors leading to t..."
"Presented in excellent condition throughout, is this much loved, three bedroom detached home. Set in the popular location of Stanground, this home is perfect for a growing family and is close to local amenities, primary and secondary schools. "
"Detached property in Swallowfield, Werrington. Briefly comprises of; entrance hall, lounge, cloakroom, family room, kitchen, conservatory, four bedrooms, shower room, garage, drive and good sized garden."
"Smart Move are delighted to offer for sale, this immaculately presented, three bedroom detached home located in Woodston. Situated within close proximity to local amenities, schools and the city centre, this property would be ideal for a growing family. Accommodation comprises entrance, living..."
SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - SPACIOUS SEMI DETACHED HOUSE - MUST SEE - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - PERFECT INVESTMENT - TWO RECEPTION ROOMS - LIVE VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"LOOK NO FURTHER….This EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM property located within Werrington village. Benefiting from THREE RECEPTIONS and a FAMILY BATHROOM as well as a downstairs WC. Outside continues with OFF ROAD PARKING, GARAGE and ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN."
"This EXTENDED semi-detached home has been RECENTLY REFURBISHED and sits on a WEST-FACING CORNER PLOT within walking distance of Werrington village, being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
CHAIN FREE BUNGALOW Rarely available - this detached bungalow has a smart interior and well maintained plot. Situated in a prime residential area. With the added benefits of garage and off road parking this is a must see property so book your viewing today.
"Presented in excellent condition throughout, this three bed semi-detached home is set on Meynell Walk in Netherton. Situated close to Peterborough city centre and the train station, this home is ideally located for those needing easy access into the centre."
"*** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED 3 BEDROOM HOME*** '' Offers in excess of £287,000 for this property, with feature bay fronted windows, this semi detached home is a fantastic opportunity to live in a desirable road of Walton. Featuring an entrance hall, lounge, with an open arch into dining are..."
"MUST BE VIEWED... Situated in a sought after location in Walton. Benefitting from THREE BEDROOMS, Kitchen, LOUNGE with SEPARATE DINING AREA and Utility Room. Outside, continues with off road parking, GARAGE and enclosed rear garden."
"This bay-fronted semi-detached home benefits from a GENEROUS WEST-FACING REAR GARDEN, three bedrooms, two reception spaces and a four-piece shower room."
"Well presented three bedroom townhouse in Hampton Hargate, available For Sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN, and located within catchment area of OUTSTANDING rated primary school."
*CUL-DE-SAC OF ONLY 2 DETACHED BUNGALOWS* *WALKING DISTANCE TO FERRY MEADOWS* *NO CHAIN* Regal Park are pleased to offer this 2 Bedroom Detached Bungalow in the popular location of Orton Waterville. The property is situated in a cul-de-sac of only 2 detached bungalows and is close to local am...
"SAVE OVER £19,000 - KITCHEN UPGRADE WITH INTEGRATED APPLIANCES + FLOORING + SHOWER OVER YOUR BATH + EXTERNAL POWER SOCKET + ADDITIONAL DOWNLIGHTS + £12,000 CASH INCENTIVE. CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION. FINAL ELLERTON STYLE HOME. *PLOT 278 - THE ELLERTON AT HAMPTON WATER* The large open-plan kitchen with a..."
*PLOT 170 THE ELLERTON* *BRAND NEW* *POPULAR LOCATION* *MODERN DEVELOPMENT* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* *INCENTIVES* *MORTGAGE ADVICE* *CALL US ON TO BOOK YOUR RESERVATION* The Ellerton is a bright and practical home and is ideal for modern family living. ...
A fantastic BRAND NEW semi detached home - Last of this house type available - Call today to arrange a viewing
"AN IDEAL HOME FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS. Plot 131 -  THE GOSFIELD includes*** 5% deposit contribution, flooring, carpets and turf to rear garden. Fully integrated kitchen with a range of INDESIT appliances, SPACIOUS sitting room, EN SUITE in bedroom one, off street parking, and finished to a quali..."
Looking for the perfect Family Home set within the city? Lander Crescent will tick all your box's This well presented modern home benefits from a whole host of upgrades from the bare off plans style. Upon entering the property you are greeted with a spacious airy hallway. To the ground floor y...
* NO CHAIN * FULLY REFURBISHED * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this 3 bedroom semi-detached home located in Stanground Peterborough.  The property is a MUST VIEW .  Details to follow along with floor plan  Please call ...
"Situated in a POPULAR LOCATION close to local amenities, this Semi Detached Family Home benefits from THREE BEDROOMS, modern kitchen and lounge/diner. Outside continues with OFF ROAD PARKING and a good sized and well presented rear garden. VIEWING ESSENTIAL!"
"EXTENDED 2 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME SET IN A QUIET CUL DE SAC OF WERRINGTON, PETERBOROUGH - This home has been extended through the years offering a lovely downstairs living space, with Bi-Folding doors ..."
"No chain! This three bedroom home has been recently renovated throughout. This property benefits from having off road parking, two reception rooms and an enclosed rear garden."
"Situated in a Central part of Peterborough, this must see property offers easy access to motor way links, amenities, schooling, Peterborough Regional College, transport links, Peterborough town park & located a short distance away from the main City Centre and train station."
"**OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN*** Situated in a modern, new development of Gunthorpe. The property offers easy access to amenities, transport link and schooling. This would make the ideal, perfect family home. Features include EN-SUITE and OFF ROAD PARKING. Viewings highly recommended."
"Spacious Bungalow In Sought After Location In Need Of Some Updating This well positioned property boasts a generous rear garden with garage and driveway, With No Onward Chain!"
"Bairstow Eves Estate Agents are thrilled to present this three-bedroom, bay windowed semi-detached house has been beautifully presented throughout. The property comprises of entrance hall, living room, dining room, kitchen and WC. To the first floor you have three well presented bedrooms and a fa..."
"Looking for the perfect three-bedroom detached family house. Ringwood will be ticking all the box's Situated in a desirable residential estate of other similar-style homes, the property offers over 1000 sqft accommodation on two levels incorporating a super ground floor living space, offering r..."
"City & County welcome to the market this fantastic FOUR BEDROOMED END OF TERRACE family home located in the popular location of Gunthorpe. The property is within walking distance to local schools, bus stops and local amenities. This home would be perfect for a family looking for more sp..."
"* NO CHAIN * DOGSTHORPE LOCATION * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this three bedroom semi-detached home located in Dogsthorpe Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, conservatory, three bedrooms, bathroom, large plot, off road parking, front and rear..."
"*** ATTENTION INVESTORS *** '' This one bedroom, 2nd floor flat benefits from no upward chain and is in need of modernisation and improvement. EPC Energy Rating - D/Council Tax Band - A""."
"* NO CHAIN * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this 3 bedroom semi-detached home located in Stanground Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, shower room, conservatory, lean too, three bedrooms, bathroom, off road parking, frontr and rear gardens, FANT..."
"Modern Family Home With Summer House This beautifully presented home benefits from a refitted kitchen diner, ensuite to master, good sized bedrooms, garage and driveway on a corner plot."
Established detached bungalow situated in a cul de sac location. Updating required but offers a good size lounge and kitchen diner with a single garage and long driveway. Benefits from no onward chain and views over open fields to the rear.
Strike is pleased to present this property in Peterborough.
"** Built in the 1930's is this, lovely presented & bay fronted, semi-detached home, situated in a popular location on Newark Avenue, Peterborough, with an array of local amenities and good road links nearby and boasting of, three good size bedrooms, two reception areas, re-fitted kitchen, and a d..."
"***EARLY VIEWINGS RECCOMENDED*** Located in the popular area of Cardea. Bairstow Eves are proud to present this three bedroom semi - detached property, it is a fantastic family home! This home benefits from having living room, kitchen/diner and WC on the ground floor and the to the first flo..."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this 3 bedroom family home to the market. Comprising of a 16ft lounge/diner, fitted kitchen appliances, an ensuite to the master bedroom, two additional bedrooms, a family bathroom and a driveway. Located in the sought after area of Hampton Waters and only 3 years old."
READY MADE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - HMO FOR SALE - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - IDEAL STUDENT ACCOMODATION - FIVE BEDROOMS - TWO BATHROOMS - ATTENTION INVESTORS - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM 
"** Extended established, semi-detached house which is still currently under refurbishment is being sold with no upward chain and in brief the accommodation comprises of, storm porch, entrance hall, lounge with separate dining room, re-fitted kitchen/breakfast room, downstairs cloakroom, with thre..."
*CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* *5 YEARS OLD* *NO CHAIN* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 3 Bedroom Semi Detached in the popular location of Hampton Gardens. The property was built in 2017 and is situated close to local amenities and is within easy access to ...
"Harrison Rose Estate Agents are delighted to present this detached three bedroom family home located in Werrington Village. This property is one not to be missed offering a kitchen/diner, lounge, three bedrooms, family bathroom, enclosed rear garden, garage and off road parking. ..."
* Corner Plot Backing onto Woodlands * No Forward Chain * Single Garage & Driveway * Potential to Extend Subject to Planning * Conservatory * Council Tax Band C £1650pa * Needs Cosmetic Updating * Quiet Cul-De-Sac Location * 
"* MOTIVATED SELLER * OFFERS INVITED * NO CHAIN * Detached family home on a good sized corner plot with woodland views to rear. The property is in need of some updating with the potential to extend STPP. Accommodation comprises lounge, kitchen, dining room, conservatory, 3 bedrooms & bathroom."
"NO CHAIN, THREE BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH A LARGE PRIVATE REAR GARDEN IN A QUIET CUL DE SAC - Located on the south side of Peterborough in a quiet cul de sac is this family home that requires ..."
"Set in the popular VILLAGE location of Facet, close to Schools & shops is this DETACHED BUNGALOW, being offered with NO CHAIN. Farcet is within easy reach of the city centre and train station with regular bus routes. ***CALL THE OFFICE NOW TO BOOK IN YOUR VIEWING*** "
"This EXTENDED bay-fronted semi-detached family home is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN, sat within a quiet cul-de-sac position on a generous plot."
"STUNNING 3 bedroom home with LODGE in the garden.The home has been finished to a high spec and has an Entrance with Open plan living to the lounge, dining room and REFITTED KITCHEN. There is a shower room and lobby down stairs also The first floor has 3 bedrooms and the REFITTED SHOWER ROOM Ou..."
"Sharman Quinney are proud to present this 4 bedroom semi-detached property in the heart of Hampton Hargate. Being within walking distance to Serpentine Green, local parks and nature reserves, Buckthorn road would make for the perfect investment or family home."
"Updating required but this detached bungalow has huge potential to improve. Offering a large rear garden, garage with additional storage room and off road parking to the front and rear. Benefitting from three double bedrooms, conservatory and no onward chain"
** Extended Detached Bungalow | Two Double Bedrooms | Two Reception Rooms | No Upward Chain | Shower Room | Garage/Workshop | Ample Parking | Generous Plot | Close to Local Amenities | Popular Location | Viewing Advised
"Detached Bungalow built late 1930s & later extensions. Lounge, conservatory, kitchen/breakfast rm, 3 bedrooms, shower rm, gas radiator c/h, mainly uPVC double glazed, garage, workshops, large garden, front & rear drives, convenient location. (Ref: 8341N)."
"Newly refurbished 3 bedroom home in Stanground! This home is beautifully presented, it boasts so many attractive features including a garage/workshop conversion with electricity supply, two reception rooms, a large rear garden, newly fitted flooring throughout, newly fitted kitchen and..."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this extended three bedroom bungalow to the market. Providing two reception rooms, fitted wardrobes to master, a single garage, ample off road parking, fitted appliances and located in the sought after area of Stanground. Needs to be seen to be appreciated."
"** OFFERING NO UPWARD CHAIN is this extended, 1930’s semi-detached family home which is situated in a popular area in Old Fletton on Glebe Road, conveniently close to local amenities as well as ideally placed for the City Centre, with the property briefly comprising of, two reception rooms, kitch..."
"Modern end terraced town home, located in the poplar area of Hampton Hargate. The property offers three double bedrooms, en suite to bedroom one, gas central heating with new boiler, double glazed, enclosed garden to rear and driveway to side leading to single garage (freehold). The property is pr"
"If you are looking for a READY MADE income stream, then this is certainly the property for you. The Five Bedroom property benefits from having all the work done to be a HMO. To the centre of the house, there's a communal kitchen area for tenants to sit back and relax. The property itself is l..."
"This semi detached property on Libertas Drive comprises of; entrance hall, living room, kitchen/dining area, ground floor WC, storage cupboard, three bedrooms, en suite, family bathroom, detached garage, garden and parking. Early viewing is essential!"
"This property is perfect for a first time investor into HMOs, The property boasts 5 double rooms in an immaculate house share, just a 10 minute walk away from Peterborough City Centre. The train station is a mere 15 minute walk, perfect for commuters.Annual income the property produces is: £27,300"
"*** THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME *** '' Located close to the City Centre, this three bedroom home features a garage and off road parking, kitchen/diner, utility room, cloakroom, lounge, three bedrooms with an en suite to bedroom one and a family bathroom. Viewings are highly recommended to..."
"City and County are please to market this Three-Bedroom, semi-detached property, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in Orton Northgate. Offering easy access to Lynchwood Business park, local amenities and a ten-minute drive to Peterborough city centre, this property has something for everyone. <..."
** Extended established Semi-Detached House | Three Bedrooms | Two Reception Areas | Extended Re-Fitted Kitchen/Diner | Re-Fitted Family Bathroom | No Upward Chain | Detached Single Garage | Ample Parking | Enclosed Rear Garden | Close to Local Amenities | Popular Location | Viewing Highly Advisable
"We are delighted to welcome this three bedroom semi-detached family home. This property benefits from having off road parking, a garage and is well presented throughout."
"City and County are excited to reveal this FOUR/FIVE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED CHALET HOME which would make a perfect first time buy or next upsize. The property is conveniently located within proximity to the City Hospital, City Centre and other local amenities. The accommodation briefly comprises, ..."
"Detached bungalow on Addington Way in Werrington Village. In brief, this property comprises of; entrance hall, kitchen, lounge/diner, conservatory, three bedrooms and a shower room. Front & rear low maintenance gardens, drive & garage. No Forwarding Chain."
"This three bed semi-detached home is the perfect family home and benefits from a convenient location in the popular area of Stanground. With plenty of living space, ample storage, and a large outbuilding, this property is sure to impress."
"Immaculately presented THREE BEDROOM semi-detached home, in a sought-after location close to the city centre. The property briefly comprises of an entrance hall, kitchen/diner, lounge, three bedrooms, EN-SUITE to master, family bathroom, easy to maintain rear garden, driveway, and a SINGLE GARAGE..."
 SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT - FLETTON QUAYS - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - UNDERGROUND PARKING - HIGH SPEC FINISH - EN SUITE TO MASTER - CLOSE TO TRAIN STATION - IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CALL OUR SALES TEAM ON 
"*NO CHAIN* HEMPSTED LOCATION * MUST VIEW Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this three bedroom semi-detached home, in a sought-after location close to the city centre. The property briefly comprises of an entrance hall, kitchen/diner, lounge, three bedrooms, EN-SUITE to master, famil..."
"Established detached bungalow situated in the sought after location of PE4. Extended and much improved featuring an impressive 7m lounge dining room. En-suite to the master bedroom, refitted bathroom, solar panels & log burner. The outside space comprises of plenty of off road parking, privately enc"
"Located on Fulbridge Road is this DETACHED BUNGALOW with THREE BEDROOMS, EN-SUITE, GARAGE and OFF ROAD PARKING. The rear garden is well presented and the property is close to local amenities, schools and local services. Viewings highly recommended to appreciate the accommodation."
"In a popular location in Werrington Village , Three bedroom Semi Detached with a separate garage in need of modernising . Being sold with No Chain .Great Opportunity !! Call the Werrington Office to book appointment today ."
"Hudson Homes are pleased to offer for sale this immaculately presented fifth floor luxury apartment situated in the beautiful Fletton Quays Development! The apartment offers a superb standard of contemporary open plan living with riverside views, right in the centre of Peterborough."
"A well presented, much improved home which has been much improved by the owner and offers: entrance lobby, lounge, re-fitted kitchen breakfast room, conservatory, two bedrooms, re-fitted shower room, gardens, driveway & garage. Must be viewed to appreciate."
"City and County are excited to market this spacious, EXTENDED three-bedroom semi-detached property, located in the heart of Peterborough City Centre, close to local amenities, Peterborough town park, and the train station. The property briefly comprises, entrance hall, shower room, lounge, dining..."
"IDEAL INVESTMENT - This three bedroom townhouse is located less than a mile from Peterborough City Hospital, and close to local amenities including Bretton Centre. Available with NO CHAIN, early viewing is recommended."
"MODERN FAMILY HOME…..situated in a popular estate location. Benefits from FOUR BEDROOMS, en-suite to master and downstairs cloakroom. Outside continues with off road parking and ENCLOSED SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN. View Now!"
"Mandairs is pleased to present this large three bedroom family home to the market. Providing off road parking, an 18ft kitchen/diner, a large rear garden, located in the sought after area of Fletton with easy access to the City Centre and being sold as chain free. Call us to arrange a viewing."
"No chain! This three bedroom property benefits from having off road parking, a garage and an enclosed rear garden."
"City and County are excited to market this spacious, three bedroom, bay fronted terrace property, situated in the City Centre of Peterborough. The property briefly comprises, entrance hall, lounge with a bay window to the front, a second reception room which is an open plan family area/kitchen/di..."
"Modern semi detached home in a sought after location. Comprising of entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge and kitchen diner. First floor landing leads to three bedrooms, family bathroom and en-suite to the master bedroom. Driveway leads to a single garage and enclosed rear garden. OFFERED FOR SALE WITH N"
"Looing for the perfect forever home? Winston Way will be ticking all your box's A lovley presented bungalow which is set in a pleasant cul de sac offering privacy and great view's of the open countryside. The well proportioned accommodation comprises: entrance porch, lounge, inner hallway, fi..."
"This semi-detached home is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN and was built in 2019, offering spacious accommodation arranged over three floors with a SOUTH-FACING GARDEN to the rear."
"Wonderfully presented 3 bed semi-detached family house located in Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Modern and cosy living room with access to garden via patio doors Brig..."
"City and County Peterborough are excited to present this THREE BEDROOMED DETACHED CHARACTER BUNGALOW, located in a popular central location, close to local shops, schools, colleges, and the new University. This home would be perfect for a growing family! Benefitting from uPVC double glazing and g..."
"The property offers an entrance porch, kitchen/diner, lounge, cloakroom, three bedrooms, ensuite to master and a family bathroom. Benefits to the property is a single garage and driveway. Close to local amenities schools and Serpentine Green Shopping Centre."
"Perfect for First Time Buyers or Investors and sold with NO CHAIN, this stunning modern two bedroom apartment in a superb area within walking distance of Peterborough City Centre, could just be the one you've been looking for! Book a viewing instantly via our website or call anytime, we're 24/7!"
"Link-detached bungalow. Entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, large conservatory, 2 bedrooms, bathroom, gas c/h, double glazing, garage & off-road parking, good-sized garden, some updating required. No chain. (Ref: 8584N)."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! Pleased to offer this TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW which offers easy access to amenities and transport links. The property has the benefit of DRIVE WAY PARKING and GARAGE, CONSERVATORY, LIVING ROOM, WET ROOM and GOOD SIZE BEDROOMS."
"IDEAL FAMILY HOME….situated in a popular cul-de-sac location close to schools. Benefits from FOUR BEDROOMS, kitchen/diner, conservatory, study area and shower rooms. Outside continues with ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN. View Now!"
"This modern, end terrace townhouse in brief comprises of; entrance hall, living room, ground floor WC, kitchen/diner, two double bedrooms to the first floor, family bathroom and master bedroom on top floor with en suite."
"City & County are pleased to offer this fantastic opportunity to purchase this lovely, THREE SOREY, FAMILY HOME within proximity to Hampton Centre. Hampton is a desirable part of Peterborough with several amenities close by, including Serpentine Green, easy access to transport links, bus routes i..."
"Three/Four bedroom, semi detached home located in Gladstone Street. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, family room, lounge, dining room, kitchen. Three bedrooms, master bedroom on the second floor and bathroom. Outside is a rear garden and on street parking."
Connells are proud to present this stunning three bedroom semi detached property situated on the popular Logan Mews. The property is presented to a high standard and would make an ideal first time purchase or investment. Viewing is highly recommended - call us today for more information!
"Based in popular Parnwell, this property sits at the end of a quiet Cul De Sac. Within easy walking distance to the Local Shops and on a bus route to the City. It offers modern open plan living. Features include GARAGE & DRIVEWAY. Viewings highly recommended."
* Corner Plot with Potential to Extend (STP) * Kitchen/Dining Room * Cloakroom/En-Suite/Bathroom * Tandem Length Single Garage & Driveway * Owned Solar Panels * Total Floor Area 83 Square Metres * Viewing Recommended * Close to Shops/Schools/Railway Station *
"IDEAL FAMILY HOME....situated in a cul-de-sac location close to schools. Benefits from Three BEDROOMS, Shower room kitchen/diner, lounge, large conservatory, utility area with w/c, integral garage. Outside continues with ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN ."
"Three bedroom established semi-detached property offering UPVC double glazing, gas central heating, two reception rooms, parking to front and rear and single garage"
"BRAND NEW 3 Bedroom DETACHED home This home has an Entrance Hall, Kitchen, WC and LOUNGE/DINERThe first floor has 3 bedrooms and the Bathroom Outside there are 2 parking spaces and a rear garden ** The internal pictures used are for the 2 bedroom homes **"
This detached bungalow is situated within WALKING DISTANCE OF AMENITIES and is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN.
** SPACIOUS 4 BEDROOM FAMILY HOME** Belvoir are delighted to bring to the market this FOUR BEDROOM townhouse with balcony situated within close proximity to the CITY CENTRE. This versatile property is spit over three levels and boasts spacious accommodation throughout. The property further ben...
"A WELL PRESENTED three bedroom semi-detached house just minutes away from Peterborough CITY CENTRE. Briefly comprising of THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, low maintenance rear garden and potential to EXTEND."
This semi-detached family home is tucked away in a desirable position in Werrington with a SOUTH-FACING GARDEN to the rear.
Spacious detached three bedroom house. Driveway leading to single garage. Large Kitchen/diner. Bay windows. No onward chain. Walled garden.
"We to welcome to the market this three bedroom semi-detached family home. This property benefits from having a recently fitted kitchen/diner, lounge and off road parking."
BRAND NEW HOME FOR SALE - NEW DEVELOPMENT - 10 YEAR BUILD ZONE WARRANTY - HIGH SPEC - DETACHED HOUSE - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - CLOSE TO SCHOOLS - MUST SEE - CALL OUR SALES TEAM TO FIND OUT MORE
SPACIOUS TOWN HOUSE FOR SALE IN HAMPTON - SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - GARAGE - SET OVER THREE FLOORS - TWO EN SUITE BEDROOMS - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - CLOSE TO AMENITIES - OVER 1400 SQ FT - CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM TO FIND OUT MORE
"Situated in a superb location overlooking trees to the front aspect and boasting an exceptionally large enclosed rear garden, this four bedroom contemporary family home offers a good sized lounge with French doors opening onto the rear garden, large kitchen dining room and a master bedroom wit..."
"The popular Epping is a two-bedroom home featuring a bright and modern open-plan kitchen/dining/living room with French doors leading into the garden. The first-floor study, the handy storage cupboard and the two good-sized bedrooms ensure that it ticks all the boxes for practical family living."
"Three bedroom, semi detached house located on Sherbourne Road. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge and dining room to the ground floor. Three bedrooms and bathroom on the first floor. Outside is an enclosed rear garden and to the front a driveway leading to garage. Call today!"
"This modern semi-detached home in Hampton Gardens is only a couple of years old and is ideal for a first time buyer, family or investors. Offering three bedrooms with an en-suite to the master, a cloakroom, good sized lounge and kitchen/diner, a good sized garden and driveway, not to mention the ..."
"*** THREE BEDROOM TOWN HOUSE IN HAMPTON *** '' Situated in the popular location of Hampton, this three storey town house features a garage with parking, lounge/diner, kitchen, entrance hall, cloakroom, two bedrooms on the first floor and a family bathroom. Bedroom one is located on the 2nd flo..."
"The perfect detached house in a cul-de-sac location, this is the ideal family home close to local schools, amenities and travel links in the highly desirable area of Werrington just north of Peterborough. The property itself benefits from an entrance hall with storage space under the stairs,..."
*CUL-DE-SAC* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* *EASY ACCESS TO A1* *IDEAL FIRST TIME OR INVESTMENT PURCHASE* *CONVERTED GARAGE* *NO CHAIN* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 3 Bedroom Semi Detached House in the popular location of Hampton Gardens. The property was built in 2019 and ...
*CUL-DE-SAC* *POPULAR LOCATION* *CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 3 Bedroom Detached Family Home in the popular location of Werrington. The property is situated in a cul-de-sac and is close to local amenities and is within easy access to A15 and co...
This immaculately presented three bedroom family home boasts good sized living accommodation throughout and is within walking distance to local amenities including Aldi supermarket.
* Viewing Recommended * Single Garage En Bloc * Close to Peterborough Railway Station & City Centre * Original Features * Downstairs Bathroom & Upstairs Cloakroom * Two Receptions Rooms * 
CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES IN STANGROUND - This 3 bedroom detached bungalow that has been refurbished throughout and is ideally situated close to the local bus stop and other local amenities. ...
"This detached bungalow is tucked away in a popular cul-de-sac position, being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"This three bedroom extended semi-detached property is situated in the sought after location of Werrington. The property comprises of an entrance hall, Lounge, Kitchen, Dining Area, Three bedrooms and a Family Bathroom. The property also benefits from a driveway and an enclosed garden to the..."
"Coming soon, Well presented THREE BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM home close to the City. It boasts a REFITTED KITCHEN, Combi Boiler and décor within the last four years. Within walking distance to Peterborough City with its quick Rail and Road links."
"Perfectly proportioned, the Alnmouth has a stylish open-plan kitchen/dining/living room. It features flexible first-floor rooms, a good-sized family bathroom, handy storage cupboards and parking. Ideal if you are a first-time buyer looking for a fresh modern home you can make your own."
"Modern WELL PRESENTED semi detached house in the sought after location of Hampton Gardens. Comprising of THREE BEDROOMS, refitted En-suite and family bathroom. Kitchen with integrated appliances, double width parking and enclosed rear garden. IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT "
AS GOOD AS NEW A fabulous three bedroom detached property located in Walton which has great amenities and excellent transport links. Being marketed with NO CHAIN this would be a perfect opportunity to secure a great priced property in a great location.
"Situated within the much sought after location, this well presented detached home offers spacious accommodation, making it an excellent family home. With three bedrooms, family bathroom and two reception rooms this family home really must be viewed."
"DON'T MISS OUT! This well-presented end terrace townhouse sits in the popular Sugar Way area, close to Peterborough City Centre and within easy access to Ferry Meadows Country Park. It overlooks green space to the front and has a private rear garden which isn't overlooked. As well as modern and s..."
"***Offered with no forward chain is this fantastic HMO!*** City & County are pleased to offer this brilliant investment opportunity within proximity to Peterborough City Centre. This an END-TERRACE property that has accommodation comprising four separate en suite bedrooms with Kitchenettes, share..."
"RARE OPPORTUNITY! A generous FOUR BEDROOM detached BUNGALOW situated on a LARGE PLOT just minutes away from LOCAL AMENITIES! Offering a CONSERVATRY, stunning rear garden and being sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN!"
"City and County are excited to market this THREE BEDROOM, SEMI-DETACHED family home, within proximity to Peterborough City Centre, local transport links, schooling, and local amenities. The property benefits from gas central heating and uPVC double glazing. The home would be perfect for FIRST TIM..."
"** THREE BEDROOMS ** SEMI DETACHED ** KITCHEN DINER ** EN-SUITE ** GARAGE ** Situated on the modern development of Hempstead, with easy access to local amenities, schools, City Centre and A1 North & South"
"*RE-FITTED KITCHEN* *RE-DECORATED THROUGHOUT* *NEW CARPETS* *NO CHAIN* Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 3 Bedroom Semi Detached House in the popular location of Botolph Green. The property is situated close to local amenities and comprises of: Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Loun..."
"This modern, semi detached property in brief comprises of; entrance hall, ground floor WC, living room, kitchen/diner, three bedrooms, en suite, family bathroom, front & rear garden plus off road parking."
"City and County are pleased to market this three-bedroom, detached bungalow in Stanground. This property offers NO FORWARD CHAIN, and benefits from gas central heating and uPVC double glazing. Situated close to local amenities, this property would suit someone looking to downsize, or a family. "
"A beautifully presented three bedroom end of terrace home situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location in the sought after location of Longthorpe. The property benefits from a contemporary open plan sitting/dining room, conservatory, enclosed rear garden and a driveway plus a single garage."
"Fancy living just a couple minutes from the CITY CENTRE? This WELL PRESENTED three bedroom SEMI-DETACHED house could be your next home! With much to offer such as off road parking, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS and is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN!"
"Mandairs is pleased to offer this very well presented 3 bedroom detached family home to the market. Benefitting from having a garage with a driveway providing off road parking, a lounge/diner, a conservatory and is located in the sought after location of Werrington. "
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £270,000. ALL ON ONE LEVEL…situated close to local amenities within easy access to transport links. Benefits from THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, en-suite to master and modern bathroom. Outside continues with private enclosed rear garden, garage and OFF ROAD PARKING. View Now!"
"Looking for the perfect family home? Tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac this semi-detached house could be extended to the side (subject to planning). It's offered for sale with no forward chain and briefly comprises of, living room, opening to dining room, double doors into the garden, kitchen,..."
"Harrison Rose Estate Agents are delighted to present this detached three bedroom family home located in Whittlesey. Comprising, entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, utility area, three bedrooms, family bathroom, ample off road parking, outbuildings which could be used fo..."
Ask the Sales team for more information. .
"Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this 3 bedroom end terrace home located in Hampton situated south of Peterborough is a popular location great access to the lakes and shops .Kitchen 14' 9"" x 9' 4"" ( 4.50m x 2.84m )Worktops with a square edge, cupboards at base and eye level + drawers..."
Speak to our Sales Executive for more information. .Plot 543 The Caddington is a three-bedroom modern home. Fall in love with an open-plan kitchen and dining room and enjoy a spacious lounge filled with light from French doors onto the garden. Reserve with a 5% deposit using our Deposit Unlock sc...
"Based in popular New England and easy walking distance to Fulbridge School, this family home is set in a quiet cul-de-sac. It boasts three bedrooms, lounge & kitchen with breakfast bar. Good size rear garden accessed from the Conservatory. Friendly neighbours and on a bus route to the City."
"£250,000 - £275,000 (Guide Price) This beautiful three-bedroom, three-storey semi-detached house is situated on the edge of Hampton Vale. Much improved by the current vendors with over 1190 sqft accommodation on three levels incorporating a ground floor space with underfloor heating throughout..."
Presenting this spacious three bedroom end of terrace property situated on the popular Buckthorn Road. The property offers easy access to Hampton's amenities and would make an ideal investment.
"This property is being sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN. The property also benefits from TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, REAR GARDEN and a 36'5 OUTBUILDING."
"***ATTENTION INVESTORS*** City and County are pleased to present this fantastic THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW Situated within the much sought after location of Woodston .This well-presented detached bungalow is deceptively spacious throughout, making it an excellent family home. The property is..."
SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT - FLETTON QUAYS - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - UNDERGROUND PARKING - HIGH SPEC FINISH - EN SUITE TO MASTER - CLOSE TO TRAIN STATION - IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CALL OUR SALES TEAM ON 
"Set on a good size plot, on a quiet ""no thru road"" this pretty TWO BEDROOM BUNGALOW in New England boasts modern KITCHEN and BATHROOM. Set close to the City with easy access to the great rail links. Well supported with walking distance to schools and shops and Medical Centre."
"City and County are excited to market this three bedroom, semi-detached Chalet Bungalow, In a quiet cul-de-sac situated in Bretton. Offering easy access to Peterborough City Hospital, local schooling and Bretton centre. This property offers a great opportunity to purchase a blank canvas and put y..."
"***Offered with NO FORWARCH CHAIN!*** City & County are pleased to market this beautifully presented THREE BEDROOM semi-detached home, in the sought-after location of Hempstead, close to Peterborough City Centre. The property briefly comprises of an entrance hall, kitchen/dining room, lounge/dini..."
"A well proportioned family home which is set in a pleasant non estate location & offers: entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen. three bedrooms, bathroom, front & rear gardens, driveway, garage / work shop. This home is offered with no sale & must be viewed to appreciate."
Sharman Quinney are pleased to welcome to the market this three bedroom semi-detached family home. This property benefits from having conservatory and off road parking.
"This charming, exceptionally well presented and extensively modernised family home is situated in a well established residential area within the popular location of Eastfield. The property itself sits opposite a large green space and is close to local parks and fields which is a perfect setting f..."
"*** OPEN HOUSE ON THE 4th APRIL *** '' Beautifully presented and located in the popular area of Hempsted, this three bedroom semi detached home is the ideal first time buy or investment. Featuring off road parking for two cars, an entrance hall, cloakroom, living room, inner hall with stairs, ..."
"*MUST VIEW * PASTON LOCATION * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this three bedroom family detached home located in Paston Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, utility room, cloakroom, sun room, three bedrooms, bathroom, garage, off road parking, fro..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £250,000 - £300,000*** City & County are pleased to present this FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY offering a GENEROUS BUILDING PLOT with PLANNING PERMISSION for a FOUR BEDROOMED DWELLING. This would make an ideal self-build for someone looking to design their own home in a private..."
"Located at the new multi-million-pound development Fletton Quays, this LUXURY two-bedroom apartment offers a superb standard of living with RIVERSIDE VIEWS right at the heart of Peterborough. The apartment offers contemporary OPEN-PLAN living areas, FULLY-EQUIPPED kitchen with integrated applianc..."
"NO UPWARD CHAIN….situated in a popular location. Benefits from FOUR BEDROOMS, en-suite to master and family bathroom. Outside continues with parking and ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN. In need of some updating. View Now!"
"Three bedroom, semi detached house in New England. Accommodation comprises of an entrance porch leading to hall, lounge, kitchen, WC and conservatory. To the first floor there are 3 bedrooms and a bathroom. Outside to the front is a gravel driveway and side access through to the rear garden."
"Certainly, here's a more descriptive version of the property: Introducing this stunning 3-bedroom end-terraced house, ideally located in the highly desirable area of Hampton. This beautiful property offers a wealth of features, including a welcoming entrance hall, leading to a modern and s..."
"A well proportioned, established family home which has benefited from significant updating and improvement and is set in a pleasant non estate location & offering: entrance hall, lounge, kitchen diner, sun room, three bedrooms, bathroom, generous gardens. Must be viewed to be appreciated!"
"This bay-fronted semi-detached home benefits from TWO RECEPTION ROOMS downstairs, THREE BEDROOMS upstairs and a SOUTH-WEST FACING GARDEN to the rear, situated within close proximity to amenities."
"This FANTASTIC DETACHED BUNGALOW which offers huge potential and ready for someone to move in and put their own stamp on things. Located in a popular residential area of Stanground, which offers easy access to amenities and transport links. Features include SINGLE GARAGE & TWO RECEPTION ROOMS."
"Situated on a superb CORNER PLOT POSITION, this semi-detached home benefits from two reception rooms, THREE BEDROOMS and both upstairs and downstairs bath/shower facilities."
This traditional three bedroom semi-detached home is nestled in the neighbourhood of Walton and exudes both warmth and character. 
"The perfect family home! Sitting in a quiet cul-de-sac with easy access to travel links, schools and amenities, this modern semi-detached house is in immaculate condition throughout! If you're looking for the ideal house to move straight into then don't miss out on a viewing! The property fe..."
WELL PRESENTED ECO HOME FOR SALE - SOUGHT AFTER DEVELOPMENT - WALKING DISTANCE TO CITY CENTRE - BIFOLD DOORS - DOWNSTAIRS WC - DRIVEWAY - HIGH SPEC FINISH THROUGHOUT - PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY - CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
"DON'T MISS OUT! This immaculate semi-detached house is the ideal family home with spacious living, parking and a private garden with converted office space to the rear of the garage. Outside, the property offers graveled parking space to the front and a shared driveway to the side of the pro..."
DETACHED BUNGALOW FOR SALE - NO FORWARD CHAIN - DRIVEWAY WITH PARKING - LARGE PLOT - CLOSE TO HOSPITAL - MUST SEE - EN-SUITE TO MASTER - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"EXTENDED 4 Bedroom semi detached home in CUL-DE-SAC. ** MODERNISATION REQUIRED **The property has an Entrance Hall, large Kitchen/Diner, conservatory with double doors into the garden, large lounge and bathroomThe first floor has 3 double bedrooms a generous single and the FAMILY SHOWEROOM.The..."
"Purplebricks are pleased to offer this 3 bedroom semi-detached home located in Fengate Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, bathroom, lean to , three bedrooms, shared off road parking, front and rear gardens. Planning for cladding and solar panels has also been accep..."
"This three-bedroom semi-detached home in the area of Dogsthorpe has undergone a front extension, resulting in a larger entrance hallway and a spacious third bedroom, which is perfect for accommodating guests or for use as a home office."
"*** MODERN THREE BEDROOM HOME *** '' Located down a cul de sac in Farcet, this three bedroom semi-detached home features off road parking for two cars, a good sized garden, entrance hall, cloakroom, living room, kitchen/diner, three bedrooms with an en-suite to bedroom one, and a family bathro..."
"City and County are excited to market this spacious, three-bedroom semi-detached property, located on the outskirts of Peterborough City Centre. The property briefly comprises, entrance hall, lounge, diner, kitchen with access to the downstairs cloakroom, storage cupboards and a garage. Upstairs ..."
"SPACIOUS APARTMENT!! This LUXURY sixth floor apartment is being offered for sale with NO UPWARD chain.. The property has HIGH spec FINISHES throughout with OPEN plan living area, TWO DOUBLE bedrooms & SECURE PARKING."
"City and County are pleased to market this three-bedroom terraced property, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in Sugar Way, Peterborough. This property offers easy access to schools, amenities and transport links. This is a perfect family home. The property benefits from gas central heating, and uPV..."
"A Modern three double bedroom family home situated on this popular development and providing a single garage with driveway parking, rear gardens with good degrees of privacy and an en suite to the main bedroom. The accommodation is conventionally arranged across two floors and briefly comprises o..."
"****FOR SALE***BRAND NEW APARTMENT*** Kenneally Property Services are delighted to be offering a BRAND NEW high quality TWO bedroom apartment at CLARKSON HOUSE, FLETTON QUAYS. The apartment boast superb garden views with an east facing terrace and a secure allocated parking bay. The apartment..."
"City and County Peterborough are very pleased to offer for sale this modern semi-detached family home located on the popular Cardea development, close to local shops, schools and local amenities. Benefitting from uPVC double glazing , gas central heating throughout and solar panels. Styl..."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this 3 bedroom semi-detached house to the market. This property is well presented with a kitchen/diner, lounge, cloakroom, family bathroom, en-suite shower and a single garage to the rear with parking. Located in the sought after area of Cardea."
Set in popular Walton this three bedroom home is set on a good size plot with AMPLE PARKING AND GARAGE. The current owner is fitting a new kitchen in which will be included in the sale. Close to good schools & shops with easy access to the City. Viewings highly recommended.
"Located in the sought after area of Orton Longueville, is this semi detached chalet bungalow. The property benefits from a new boiler, UPVC double glazing, three bedrooms (potential for four), large rear garden and a driveway providing off road parking which leads to the detached single garag"
"MOTIVATED SELLER NO FORWARD CHAIND detached family home in the popular location of Werrington, North of Peterborough. The property offers three/four bedrooms, gas central heating, double glazing, refitted kitchen with built in appliances, enclosed gardens, driveway and single garage. . "
"* NO FORWARD CHAIN * Immaculately presented throughout is this modern semi detached home, located on the Park Farm development, benefiting from refitted kitchen, refitted bathroom and refitted cloakroom. Accommodation comprises three bedrooms, refitted UPVC double glazing, new boiler, single garage"
"Ideal family home set in a small cul de sac and within easy access of the city centre, local amenities and also benefits from having the Lime Acadamy Abbotsmede school at the bottom of the road.This home offers the following accommodation: entrance hall, lounge, kitchen diner, rear lobb..."
* Well Maintained Throughout * Extended Kitchen/Dining Room * Utility Room * Single Garage & Parking * Potential to Extend (STP) * Cul-De-Sac Location * Close to Schools & Shops * On a Bus Route *  Total Floor Space 81 Square Metres * Energy Rated C * Council T...
"Modern semi detached home on the sought after Sugar Way development. The property offers three bedrooms, en suite to bedroom one, cloakroom, family bathroom, kitchen diner, living room, enclosed rear garden, single garage and parking. *** NO FORWARD CHAIN ***"
"City and County are pleased to market this immaculate, three-bedroom semi detached property, situated in close proximity to Peterborough City Centre. The property is modern throughout and briefly comprises, entrance hall, downstairs WC, kitchen and a lounge/diner. Upstairs, there are three bedroo..."
"City and County are delighted to present for sale this nicely presented Bay fronted semi detached family home, located within easy reach of Peterborough City centre and Railway station . Deceptive accommodation comprising entrance hall, bay fronted reception room, currently used as a bea..."
* South Facing Rear Garden * Total Floor Area 86 Square Metres * Three Double Bedrooms * Bathroom & Cloakroom * Astro Turfed Garden * Garage & Parking Space * Viewing Recommended * 
"Modern three bedroom semi detached home located on the new development of Cardea. The property comprises gas central heating, double glazing, modern kitchen diner, cloakroom, lounge, three bedrooms, family bathroom and en suite to master bedroom. Off road parking to the front and an enclosed garde"
"Regal Park are pleased to offer this well presented 3 Bedroom End Terrace House in the popular location of Cardea. The property is situated close to local amenities and comprises of: Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Lounge, Kitchen/Dining Room. The first floor has the Master Bedroom with En-Suite, 2 fur..."
"Located close to Shops, Schools, Church and with easy access to the City Centre is this TWO BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW. Features include OFF ROAD PARKING and could be extended (STP). Viewings highly recommended to appreciate the property."
"This well presented two bedroom Semi-Detached Bungalow in the sought after location of Netherton briefly comprises of a front and rear garden, a single garage and is offered with no forward chain."
"3 BEDROOM semi detached home with 2 RECEPTION ROOMS in CUL-DE-SAC. The property has an Entrance hall with storage and access to the Lounge, Dining Room and the Kitchen. The ground floor also has a WC and rear lobby. The first floor has 3 bedrooms and the bathroom. Outside the home has a driveway ..."
"GROSSING £24,420.00 PER ANNUM RENT - RUNNING INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - LOCAL TO AMENETIES - LOCAL TO HOSPITAL - IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - PRIVATE REAR GARDEN - FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT THE SALES TEAM ON"
"STUNNING 3 bedroom EXTENDED HOME with SOLAR PANELS and GARAGE. The home has been REFURBISHED to a high spec and has an Entrance with access to the Lounge, REFITTED KITCHEN/DINER with open plan to the Dining Area and a REFITTED BATHROOM. The first floor has 3 bedrooms and the REFITTED SHOWER ROOM...."
"* NO CHAIN* SUGAR WAY* MUST VIEW* Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this three bedroom semi-detached property located in Sugar Way Peterborough in brief comprises of entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen/diner, lounge, three bedrooms, en-suite shower room,bathroom, garage, off road park..."
SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - CLOSE TO CITY CENTRE - DRIVEWAY WITH GARAGE - LIVE VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"This fantastic THREE BEDROOM DETACHED HOME in the popular location of Walton Park. The property benefits from being set on a corner plot with off road parking & garage. Located within close proximity to amenities, transport links & the Brotherhood Retail Park."
"Welcome to Andrews Crescent, a stunning semi-detached family home located in the desirable area of Paston, Peterborough."
"A three-bedroom townhouse situated in the heart of Hampton within walking distance of the Serpentine Green shopping centre. Available with No Forward Chain! Outside the property, there is a garage enbloc and a private rear garden mainly laid to lawn with gated rear access. The house itse..."
"We are pleased to welcome this three bedroom semi-detached family home which is located in a quiet cul-de-sac. This property is close to local amenities and has a separate utility room, large kitchen and dining room, enclosed rear and garage."
"This luxury second floor two bedroom apartment is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN, superbly set for access to Peterborough train station and the City Centre."
"SAT ON A GENEROUS PLOT OF 0.14 of an ACRE (sts), this THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW located in a QUIET CUL-DE-SAC in the hugely popular WERRINGTON VILLAGE is offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN"
"This semi-detached family home benefits from THREE BEDROOMS, GARAGE and a PRIVATE GARDEN to the rear."
SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - CLOSE TO HOSPITAL - CLOSE TO SCHOOLS - LARGE PLOT - DRIVEWAY - GARAGE - MUST SEE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CALL US ON !
"** THREE BEDROOMS ** SEMI DETACHED ** EN-SUITE ** GARAGE ** NO UPWARD CHAIN ** Situated on the highly sought after Sugar Way development with easy access to local amenities, schools, City Centre and Train Station"
"William H Brown are delighted to exclusively offer for sale this three bedroom semi detached house situated in Woodston. The property comprises of an entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, three bedrooms and a family bathroom. There is a driveway leading to a single garage. No forward chain."
"THIS IS A MUST VIEW HOME! Situated on the highly sought after SUGAR WAY development with easy access to local amenities, schools, City Centre and Train Station we are pleased to present this THREE bedroom SEMI-DETACHED property that is being offered for sale with NO FOWARD CHAIN. In brief this pr..."
"Suited perfectly for a family home, Woodcock Holmes are excited to offer this well-presented Semi-Detached House with No Forward Chain. The property benefits from an enclosed rear garden mainly laid to lawn, garage and parking to the rear. Entrance hall, two-piece cloakroom, living room, kitc..."
"Situated within the much sought after location, this recently refurbished three bedroom home offers spacious accommodation, making it an excellent family home. With three bedrooms, family bathroom, en-suite shower room and living room this family home really must be viewed."
"£235,000 - £245,000 (Guide Price) This three-bedroom semi-detached house is situated in a convenient location within a short distance of Central Park and Kings School and approximately half a mile from Peterborough City Centre. With over 1100 sqft accommodation on two levels..."
"*** No Forward Chain – GUIDE PRICE £235,000-£250,000*** City and County are pleased to present this THREE BEDROOMED Semi-Detached family home located in the popular central location of Peterborough, offering easy access to amenities and transport links to Peterborough train station. Ideal pro..."
"*** PARTLY CONVERTED GARAGE FOR USE OF SALON/HOME OFFICE *** '' Viewings are highly recommended for this three bedroom semi-detached home in Hempsted. Close to Hampton and also the city centre, this property is in a great location and would be ideal for a first time buyer or investor. The prop..."
"City and County Peterborough are excited to present this TWO BEDROOMED SEMI-DETACHED CHARACTER home, located in a popular central location, close to local shops, schools, colleges, and the new University. This home would be perfect for a first-time buyer or investor. Benefitting from uPVC double ..."
A three bedroom semi detached home with two reception rooms and a fitted kitchen.
"Three bedroom, semi detached home located on Crown Street, accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, downstairs bathroom and sun room. Upstairs is three bedrooms and bathroom. Outside is a rear garden leading to day room and wet room and to the front is off road parking."
Speak to our Sales team for more information. .
"NO CHAIN with this 3 bedroom home in GUNTHORPE. The property has an Entrance Hall, Lounge, REFITTED KITCHEN, Utility Room and WC. The first floor has 3 bedrooms and the bathroom. The home has parking at the front and a rear garden backing onto a field. Viewing advised"
"IDEAL FIRST TIME BUYER property situated in a popular location close to local schools and amenities. Benefits from THREE BEDROOMS and extended sun room/dining area. Outside continues with off road parking, garage and ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN."
"City and County are pleased to market this three-bedroom, semi-detached property in a quiet cul-de-sac located ten minutes from Peterborough City Centre, and is a perfect family or a first-time purchase. The property briefly comprises, entrance hall, lounge diner with sliding doors lead..."
"***Offered with No Forward Chain with a GUIDE PRICE OF £230,000-£250,000*** City and County are excited to market this three/four bed, semi-detached property within close proximity to Peterborough City Centre. There is local transport links, schooling and amenities. The property bri..."
Sharman Quinney are delighted to market this three bedroom end of terrace house in Gladstone street. Close to shops and other local amenities this property is a perfect investment or first time buy!
"Having been recently decorated throughout and offered for sale with NO FORWARD CHAIN is this modern bungalow. The property is located in the sought after area of Botolph Green and is within easy reach of Ferry Meadows Country Park, Peterborough rowing lake and golf course. The property offers elec"
"William H Brown are delighted to exclusively offer for sale this three bedroom terraced house. The property comprises of a lounge, dining room, kitchen, downstairs bathroom, three bedrooms, a converted loft room, a front garden area and a private rear garden."
"1930's Bay fronted three bedroom semi detached property with two reception rooms. The property consists of a lounge, kitchen, dining room, three bedrooms and bathroom. The property also benefits from rear enclosed garden and garage with electrics."
"***GUIDE PRICE £230,000-£250,000*** City and County are pleased to offer this DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS FAMILY home situated in a popular residential location, which offers easy access to the City Centre, train station, schooling, and amenities. The property briefly comprises, entrance hall, two recep..."
AVAILABLE NOW!
"***Offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN!*** City and County are excited to present this THREE BEDROOMED Semi-Detached family home located in a quiet Cul-de-sac of Dogsthorpe with easy access to amenities and transport links to the City Centre. Ideal property for first time buyers, investors, or someone ..."
"Three bedroom, semi detached house located close to the City Centre. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility room, and bathroom. To the first floor there are three bedrooms. Outside is a rear garden and on street parking."
"RARE OPPORTUNITY! This spacious DETACHED BUNGALOW is just a short bus ride into the CITY CENTRE! Briefly comprising of a TWENTY FOOT LOUNGE/DINNER, well presented CONSERVATRY and is offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN!"
"This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase this THREE-bedroom SEMI-DETACHED character family home, which is situated in a central location, and offers easy access to the train station, City Center, amenities, schools and Peterborough college. The property briefly comprises, entrance hall, lounge..."
"*** IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPURTUNITY *** ""Rosedale are pleased to offer this well presented modern terrace home which is located within walking distance to the city centre and train station. The vendor had asked for all viewers to be cash buyers only. The commute to London from Peterborough Statio..."
" *STUNNING PENTHOUSE APARTMENT * MUST VIEW* Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this stunning 2 bedroom apartment in Fengate Peterborough in brief comprises of 2 bedrooms, en-suite, study, bathroom and Modern open plan KITCHEN / DINING and LIVING ROOM. Access from the Living Room to..."
"* FULL OF CHARACTER* MUST VIEW*Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this Three Bedroom, Semi Detached House located close to the City Centre. Accommodation comprises of an Entrance Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Utility Room, and Bathroom. To the First Floor there are Three Bedrooms...."
"Ready to move into. £5,000 towards your deposit. Flooring throughout. East facing garden. Overlooking green spaces. .Plot 554 is a lovely end-of-terrace home overlooking green spaces in a cul-de-sac location at the edge of the development. Plus you only need a 5% deposit using our Deposit Unlock ..."
"A Modern open plan two double bedroom apartment which provides a contemprary bright and spacious interior with features that include a kitchen area with integrated appliances, en suite to the main bedroom and amtico flooring throughout. The property provides good access to the Queensgat..."
"***Offered with No Forward Chain!*** City and County are pleased to present this fantastic THREE BEDROOMED Semi Detached Bungalow offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN. Located down a quiet road of Werrington Village, with easy access to amenities and transport links. This bungalow briefly comprises: ent..."
"SUPERBLY PRESENTED retirement apartment with a WALK-OUT BALCONY and GARDEN VIEWS. Modern kitchen with BUILT -IN APPLIANCES, double bedroom with a WALK-IN WARDROBE and a CONTEMPORARY shower room completes this lovely apartment. ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE in the private car park."
"Spacious, well presented three bedroom, semi detached house located in the popular New England area. Accommodation comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, conservatory, cloakroom. To the first floor there are three bedrooms and bathroom. Outside a rear garden and off road parking."
"Based in popular Millfield, this beautiful modern extended home boasts refitted kitchen, separate living & dining rooms, cloak room and Family shower room, fully tiled. Millfield is close to local Schools, shops and within easy access to the City. Fully recommend viewings to appreciate the property."
"HIGH QUALITY, TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT! This TWO bedroom apartment is situated in an AWARD WINNING residence complex for over 60's. This SPACIOUS property has 17ft LOUNGE/DINER, two bedrooms with EN SUITE to master & further shower ROOM. There is also allocated PARKING SPACE."
"City and County are excited to market this three bedroom semi-detached family home, within proximity to Peterborough City Centre, local transport links, schooling, and local amenities. The property benefits from gas central heating and uPVC double glazing. The property briefly comprises,..."
"This fantastic property which offers huge potential is situated on the south side of Peterborough in desirable residential area, which offers easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling & the A1. Features include LARGE GARDEN, DRIVEWAY and SHOWER ROOM. Viewings highly recommended."
We are pleased to offer to the market this this three bedroom semi-detached family home which is being sold with no forward chain.
"Two bedroom, semi detached property. Accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen and conservatory to the ground floor. Two bedrooms and bathroom to the first floor. There also is a rear garden and garage. Call to view "
"Stunning, two bedroom apartment located on Park Road. A great opportunity to purchase! Benefitting from an En-Suite bathroom to master and En-Suite shower room to bedroom 2, kitchen, lounge/diner, double height ceilings, two parking spaces, GYM and CINEMA in the complex. CALL TODAY!!"
"Situated in West Town, close to the City and it great rail links to London. This pretty home boasts TWO BATHROOMS, LIVING ROOM, KITCHEN/DINER and OFF ROAD PARKING to the front. Sitting at the end of a quiet cul de sac would be an ideal first time buyer home."
"Three Bedroom, semi detached house located on the popular Northfield Road. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom, on street parking & rear garden. Call today "
"**Offered with No Forward Chain!** City and County Peterborough are very pleased to offer for sale this semi-detached family home, located in a popular central location, close to local shops, schools, colleges, and the new University. This home would be perfect for an investor. Benefitting from u..."
"Looking for the perfect 2 Bed Home with no chain? This terraced home overlooking green spaces with off-street parking will tick all your box's! Bigger than your average two-bedroom home, the Fairfield gives you more space for your money. As you enter this stunning home, the hallway leads yo..."
"PUBLIC NOTICE Connells are now in receipt of an offer for the sum of £235,000 for 9 Lammas Road. Anyone wishing to place an offer on this property should contact Connells Peterborough before exchange of contracts"
"City and County are excited to market this TWO BEDROOM terrace property, tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac in Hampton Hargate. Offering beautiful scenery as you enter the vicinity. Easy access to local amenities and local schooling, this property is a perfect first-time purchase or investment. "
Sharman Quinney are pleased to offer this heavily extended home to the market. This spacious property offers excellent local amenities and is being sold with no forward chain.
"Extended! We are pleased to welcome this three bedroom family home to the market. This property is located close to local amenities and close to the city centre. This home also benefits from off road parking, two reception rooms and an enclosed rear garden."
"Coming soon, based in popular Bretton this Three bedroom home is close to local Schools & Shops and the Hospital. Boasts front and rear gardens, Conservatory, Garage and parking."
"EXTENDED 3/4 Bedroom End-Terraced home. The property has an Entrance Hall, Kitchen/Diner, Lounge, Bedroom 4/Study with Shower Room. The first floor has 3 bedrooms and an additional Shower Room. Outside the home has Communal parking to the front and Low Maintenance Garden"
BRAND NEW DETACHED BUNGALOW FOR SALE - SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - HIGH SPEC - CITY CENTRE BASED - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - PARKING FOR TWO CARS - MUST SEE - CALL OUR SALES TEAM TO FIND OUT MORE
"Mandairs is pleased to present this extended three/four bedroom home to the market. Offering double bedrooms, a large kitchen/diner, two shower rooms, communal parking and is located in the sought after area of Bretton with easy access links to the City Centre and Peterborough City Hospital."
"*** DISCREET & UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY AWAITS***"" Offers Over £220,000 for this hidden gem of a home is offered with no onward chain and offers some fantastic living space along with two double bedrooms, privately positioned set back off Paston Lane. The home benefits from offering a..."
"Set in the popular location of Paston, close to Schools & shops is this family home, being offered with NO CHAIN. Paston is within easy reach of the city centre and train station with regular bus routes. The property boasts a kitchen/diner, living room, cloakroom, conservatory an..."
"Set in popular New England, this end terrace is set back on a quiet plot. This home has been modernised and boasts open plan Living, Dining and Kitchen area, three Bedrooms and tiled Family Bathroom. Front and rear Gardens and Garage to the rear on block. Close to the City and on a regular Bus route"
"Extended end terraced house offering two reception rooms, kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, downstairs bathroom, three generous sized bedrooms to the first floor. Front & rear gardens, off road parking and garage. VIEWING IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !"
"Smart Move are delighted to offer for sale, this three bedroom property, located in Gunthorpe. Situated within close proximity to local amenities, schools and access to major road networks, this property would be an ideal first time purchase. Accommodation comprises entrance, living room, dini..."
"**NO FORWARD CHAIN** City and County are pleased to market this THREE-BEDROOM, link semi-detached property, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in Gunthorpe. This property is perfect for a first-time purchase, investment, or growing family. Offering easy access to local amenities, schooling, and p..."
"City & County are pleased to offer this perfect FIRST TIME BUY or INVESTMENT opportunity! This THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED home, with TWO RECEPTION ROOMS is located within proximity to the city centre, train station and other local amenities. The property benefits from gas central heating and uPV..."
"City & County present this FANTASTIC opportunity for FIRST TIME BUYERS or INVESTORS to purchase this well established semi-detached property. Situated within close proximity to the city centre, train station, and local amenities. Comprising lounge, dining room, under storage cupboard and galley s..."
"Three bedroom, end terraced house. Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, kitchen/diner, lounge, bedroom one and en-suite. To the first floor there are three further bedrooms and a shower room. Outside is a rear garden and off road parking to the front. Viewings recommended "
"***Offered with No Forward Chain!*** City and County are very pleased to offer for sale this superbly presented two bedroom semi detached bungalow that is located down a private road, and has been renovated completely throughout. This would make a perfect downsize or first time buy for someone lo..."
"This well presented THREE BEDROOM end of terrace home in Bretton has come to market, briefly comprising of REAR ACCESS PARKING, SINGLE GARAGE and great size KITCHEN/DINER. Call Sharman Quinney to arrange your viewing!"
* South West Facing Low Maintenance Garden * Integral Garage & Parking for 3 Vehicles * uPVC Conservatory * Ideal 1st Time Buy * Close to A/47 & A/15 * Total Floor Area 64 Square Metres * Council Tax Band B £1443 pa * 
CALLING ALL FIRST TIME BUYERS AND INVESTORS! Call now to view this stunning three bedroom terraced house just minutes away from Peterborough city centre!
"Being sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN this four bedroom END OF TERRACE house situated just minutes away from Peterborough city hospital briefly comprises of a CONSERVATRY, lots of STORAGE SPACE and a 17FT KITCHEN AREA!"
"***CENTRAL LOCATION*** Offers easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling, Train Station and the City Centre. Features include TWO RECEPTIONS, UPDATED BOILER AND ELECTRICS. Viewings highly recommended to appreciate the accommodation on offer."
"Being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN, this semi-detached family home OFFERS POTENTIAL FOR IMPROVEMENT and is tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac position in Gunthorpe."
"This well presented semi-detached home is set in the ever popular Orton Southgate, providing easy access to all local amenities Speyside Court is also within easy reach of Ferry Meadows Country Park, golf course and the A1M."
"SUPERBLY PRESENTED first floor retirement apartment with ALLOCATED PARKING. Spacious living room with access to a WALK-OUT BALCONY. Modern kitchen with BUILT IN APPLIANCES, double bedroom with WALK-IN WARDROBE and CONTEMPORARY shower room. The development offers EXCELLENT COMMUNAL FACILITIES inc..."
"City and County Peterborough are very pleased to offer for sale this nicely presented semi detached property located on a private residential cul de sac, conveniently located within easy reach of the Peterborough City Hospital, Peterborough City Centre and railway station. Accommodation comprises..."
"An impressive two-bedroom semi-detached family home located in the desirable residential area of Peterborough, Cambridgeshire. Built-in 2014 this is a modern, spacious, well-proportioned property, ideal as your first home. Upon entering the property, you are greeted by a welcoming entr..."
"An Ideal First Home Available with Immediate Vacant Possession.This modern well presented two-bedroom semi-detached home can be found in the popular area of Cardea, south of the city centre. Cardea offers a variety of local shops, Morrisons, Pub and Restaurant, and Local Junior and Seni..."
"£215,000 - £235,000 (Guide Price) This well-maintained four-bedroom terraced house is ideally suited to first-time buyers, families or buy-to-let investors. Offering over 1135 sqft flexible accommodation on three levels..."
"This lovely apartment has much to offer. Located in Peterborough, it boasts two bedrooms, attractive views and is in a well-maintained area. It also offers ample off-road parking."
"Home 159 is READY TO MOVE INTO! . Book now to come and view this home!Superb upgrades inside worth £8,790 - Includes Premium Kitchen Worktop, Integrated Appliances, Upgraded Tiled Area to Bathroom, Fully Floored throughout, Vinyl to Bathroom, Tiles to Hallway, Kitchen/Living Space, Ca..."
"*IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS* *INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*Home 265 comes with £6,883 worth of internal upgrades! This includes integrated BOSCH kitchen appliances, premium laminate worktop, downlights, towel warmer and flooring.
The Lily II is a beautiful 2 bedroom ground floor apartment..."
* No Forward Chain * Total Floor Area 82 Square Metres * Two Reception Rooms * Single Garage & Parking * Close to Shops & Schools  * Council Tax Band A £1237 *
"This semi-detached home benefits from TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, ample driveway parking, GARAGE and a SOUTH-FACING GARDEN to the rear, making an ideal first-time home or investment opportunity."
"CALLING ALL INVESTORS AND FIRST TIME BUYERS!! Located within close proximity to amenities, Transport links, schooling and the Peterborough City Hospital. Also offers access to motor way links. Features to include TWO BEDROOMS, GARAGE and CLOAKROOM. Viewings highly recommended."
SOLD WITH NO CHAIN - SPACIOUS SEMI DETACHED HOUSE FOR SALE IN STANGROUND - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - HUGE POTENTIAL - SPACIOUS LOUNGE/DINER - GOOD SIZED BEDROOMS - IDEAL FAMILY HOME - PE2 - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CALL OUR SALES TEAM ON 
"City and County are very pleased to offer for sale this superbly presented two bedroom semi detached bungalow located on a modern small residential development on the outskirts of the Cathedral city of Peterborough. Many individual improvements and upgrades throughout, with a versatile open plan..."
"**NO FORWARD CHAIN** Smart Move are pleased to offer for sale, this well presented two bedroom property in Gunthorpe. Improved over time by the current owners, accommodation comprises entrance, living room, kitchen, downstairs cloakroom, utility area, with two double bedrooms and a shower room to..."
"Sharman Quinney are pleased to welcome to the market this 2 bedroom home. Located in the popular area of Park Farm, this property benefits from having off road parking and an enclosed rear garden."
"This well presented end terrace home is tucked away in a popular cul-de-sac position, making an ideal first-time home or investment opportunity."
LUXURY APARTMENT! This ONE bedroom fourth floor apartment is in a SOUGHT after LOCATION with good access to the CITY CENTRE. The property is finished off to a HIGH SPECIFICATION with fitted KITCHEN and INTEGRATED appliances. There is also secure underground PARKING.
"MODERN 2 BEDROOM HOME being sold with NO CHAIN. The home has an Entrance Hall with Kitchen, WC and LOUNGE/DINER. The first floor has 2 double bedrooms and the bathroom. There is parking for 2 at the front and a REAR GARDEN"
"Are you looking for the perfect investment opportunity near the university in Peterborough? Look no further than this 3-bedroom semi-detached house, which could be used as an HMO following some work. Located within a 6-minute walk from the university, this property boasts an enviable locat..."
"Offered with no onward chain this spacious three double bedroom family home is situated in the ever popular Orton Brimbles, providing easy access to the A1, Ferry Meadows Country Park and local amenities."
"CLOSE TO PETERBOROUGH CITY CENTRE! The ideal mid terrace character property is the ideal Buy to let Investment or First Time Buy opportunity, available with No Forward Chain! The property features; two receptions room, a spacious kitchen, pantry and lobby space, three piece fitted bathroom, ..."
"**NO FORWARD CHAIN** Smart Move are pleased to offer for sale, this two bedroom, semi detached property in Orton Brimbles. Situated within close proximity to local amenities, schools and fantastic access for the A1, this property is an ideal first time purchase. Accommodation comprises entran..."
"SUPERBLY presented, first floor SOUTH FACING apartment benefitting from a JULIET BALCONY, with GARDEN VIEWS. The apartment comes complete with a allocated CAR PARKING SPACE. The development offers EXCELLENT COMMUNAL FACILITIES including landscaped gardens and communal lounge where SOCIAL EVENTS t..."
"Looking for the perfect family home set in a popular area? Found in the area of South Bretton this Three Double Bedroomed home is presented a great condition. Offering a refitted Kitchen Diner, Family Lounge, Three Double Bedrooms, and a Three Piece Bathroom with the added benefit of the shower..."
"SPACIOUS mid terraced home with TWO/THREE bedrooms close to the City Centre and Train Station. FEATURES include ESTABLISHED rear garden and BASEMENT. MUST VIEW TO NOT MISS OUT! Close to Kings Schools, Peterborough Regional College and the University."
* No Forward Chain * Ideal 1st Time Buy * New Re-Fitted Wren Kitchen 2021 * Total Floor Area 63 Square Metres * Two Parking Spaces * Shower Room * Gas Central Heating & uPVC Double Glazing * Viewing Recommended * 
"NO CHAIN  *SOLD WITH A TENANT AT £900 PCM *Next Move Estate Agents* are pleased to offer this three bedroom semi-detached home located in New England Peterborough in brief comprises of hallway, kitchen, and lounge. Further benefits 3 separate bedrooms and family bathroom. Outside there is mainly ..."
"This THREE BEDROOM family home is in a cul de sac location set in a popular area. Internally there is a FITTED KITCHEN/DINER, LOUNGE, CLOAKROOM, STUDY, THREE BEDROOMS & BATHROOM upstairs. Outside there is an ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN."
"Situated in within close proximity to schools, transport links & amenities, overlooking large fields. This fantastic UNIQUE LARGE THREE BEDROOM END TERRACE family home has been MODERNISED and REFURBISHED throughout. The property offers the potential to purchase the land to the side of the property."
"*** NO UPWARD CHAIN *** '' Located in Dogsthorpe, this three bedroom terraced home is a fantastic first time buy or family home. Featuring off road parking, an entrance hall, kitchen/diner, living room, three bedrooms and a family bathroom. Viewings are highly recommended. EPC Energy Rating - ..."
"Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in Ravensthorpe, this two-bedroom terrace property offers a great opportunity for an investor or family home. Close to local amenities and Peterborough City Hospital. This property briefly comprises, entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner that is fitted with..."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this three bedroom semi-detached home to the market. Providing two reception rooms, kitchen, a shower room, front and rear gardens, garage with off road parking, close to schools and local amenities and located in the popular area of Fletton."
NO FORWARD CHAIN - CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION - SOUGHT AFTER AREA - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - RE-FITTED KITCHEN - PRIVATE REAR GARDEN - OFF ROAD PARKING - TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT THE SALES TEAM
"City and County are pleased to market this two-bedroom, terraced property, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in Park Farm. Offering easy access to local amenities, schools and transport links, this property is a perfect first time buyers, investors, or someone looking to downsize. The prope..."
Built in 2019 this modern semi-detached home provides contemporary living throughout and is ideal for any first time buyer. Situated within easy reach of local amenities Kentwell Road is closely located to London Road which leads to the A1. Peterborough train station is also a 10 minute drive away.
"ATTENTION INVESTORS! This GENEROUS semi-detached house located in the ever POPULAR LOCATION of dogsthrope briefly comprises of 3 RECEPTION ROOMS, a STUNNING rear garden and is sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN! Call today to find out more details on the Tenancy!"
"Are you a First Time Buyer or an  Investment Landlord?Then this may be what you have been looking for.Set on the ever-popular Hampton Waters development south of Peterborough city centre, with its lakes and pleasant walkways, this modern home offers the following accommodati..."
* No Forward Chain * Total Floor Area 97 Square Metres * Council Tax Band A £1237 pa * Bathroom & Downstairs Shower Room * Communal Parking to the Rear * Close to Shops & Schools * 
"Well-presented and done to a high standard, briefly comprises entrance hall, open plan Kitchen, dining, lounge area, cloakroom, two bedrooms and bathroom. Outside benefits from off road parking for two vehicles and a good sized rear garden. EARLY VIEWING ADVISED !"
** Ground Floor Apartment | One Bedroom | Open Plan Living | Kitchen with Integrated appliances | City Centre Location | Walking Distance to Train Station | Underground Parking Space | High Spec Finish | River Views | Private Rear Access | Ideal First Time/Investment Opportunity | Viewing Highly ...
"Sharman Quinney are proud to present this CHAIN FREE modern three Bedroom House located in Hampton Gardens. The property comprises of three bedrooms, en-suite to master, lounge, kitchen/diner, cloakroom/WC, family bathroom, enclosed rear garden with side gate access to double driveway."
"**GUIDE PRICE £210,000 - £220,000** SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - CLOSE TO AMENITIES - WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SCHOOLS - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - MUST SEE - CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM FOR FURTHER INFORMATION"
"Home 266 now comes with Internal Upgrades Inside worth £5,921! This includes integrated Bosch appliances, laminate worktop, laminate flooring, vinyl flooring and downlighters.*IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS* *INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*The Lily II is a beautiful 2 bedroom first floor apartme..."
STUNNING SPACIOUS APARTMENT WITH RIVER VIEWS!! This LUXURY third floor apartment comprises of an open plan kitchen/lounge/diner STUNNING views over the RIVER and city skyline. The property is being offered for sale with NO UPWARD chain.
"Mandairs is pleased to offer this beautiful spacious One Bedroom Third Floor Apartment with River views in Kitson House, Fletton Quays, situated on the south bank of the River Nene. Kitchen with fully integrated appliances, balcony off the lounge and allocated private parking bay."
"Situated within the heart of Werrington village in a quiet OVER 55's DEVELOPMENT, this two bedroom home is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"NO UPWARD CHAIN….benefits from THREE BEDROOMS, kitchen/diner and downstairs cloakroom. Outside continues with ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN and undercover decked seating area. View Now!"
"Ground floor flat. Entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen/Breakfast Room, 2 bedrooms, en-suite shower room, bathroom, underfloor gas c/h, uPVC double glazing, communal gardens, allocated parking. No chain. Popular location. (Ref: 8296N)."
"Situated in a desirable village location, which offers easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling and motorway links. The property benefits from NO FORWARD CHAIN and features include THREE BEDROOMS & DRIVEWAY. Close to local shops, services and with easy access to the City Centre."
"Modern terraced home located in the sought after area of Hampton. The property offers two double bedrooms, cloakroom, fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, UPCV double glazing, gas central heating, enclosed garden and allocated parking. *** IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY/INVESTMENT PURCHASE *** Estate "
ALL ON ONE LEVEL….situated close to local amenities within easy access to transport links. Benefits from TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and conservatory. Outside continues with off road parking and enclosed rear garden. View Now!
Look no further! This two bedroom semi-detached home is located on the popular Cardea development. This property is an ideal first time buy or investment opportunity and has off road parking and an enclosed rear garden.
"MINUTES AWAY FROM THE CITY CENTRE! Close to so many different LOCAL AMENITIES this three bedroom END OF TERRACE house is this perfect INVESTMENT or FIRST HOME! Offering TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, down stairs BATHROOM and sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN! More photos coming soon!"
"***Offered with No Forward Chain*** City and County are pleased to present this WELL MAINTAINED second floor apartment located in Central Peterborough, offering easy access to the City Centre, amenities and transport links. The property is in an 'Over Fifty Fives Assisted Living' complex with the..."
"Calling all investors and First time buyers!! Located within close proximity to amenities, Transport links, schooling and the Peterborough City Hospital. Also offers access to motor way links. Features to include THREE BEDROOMS & REFITTED KITCHEN. Viewings highly recommended."
Haart Estate Agents are delighted to offer FOR SALE this THREE BEDROOM terraced house situated in the sought after location of Bretton
WALKING DISTANCE TO GREAT LOCAL AMENITIES! Offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN this WELL PRESENTED four bedroom END OF TERRACE property is a MUST VIEW!
"OPEN HOUSE - Friday 7th April 12:00 - 13:00, contact us for details. Situated in a popular and desirable residential area, which offers easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling and motorway links. The property benefits from NO FORWARD CHAIN and features include THREE BEDROOMS a..."
"Would make a perfect first time buy or investment. Situated on a large plot, the property briefly comprises entrance into a large lounge diner, Kitchen, cloakroom, two bedrooms & bathroom. Outside benefits from off road parking, good sized GARAGE and an easy to maintain GARDEN. EARLY VIEWING HIGHLY"
"*** WALKING DISTANCE TO TRAIN STATION AND CITY CENTRE ***"" Viewings are highly recommended for this modern, first floor, two bedroom apartment. The property benefits from two parking spaces, an ensuite to the master bedroom and it is within walking distance to the city centre/train station, ma..."
"The accommodation on offer comprises of Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, downstairs Wet Room, Three Bedrooms to the first floor. Gardens to the front and rear. Being offered for sale with NO UPWARD CHAIN!"
"IDEAL FIRST TIME BUYER property situated in a popular location close to local schools and amenities. Benefits from TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, downstairs cloakroom and shower room. Outside continues with off road parking and ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN. View Now!"
"**OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN** City and County are excited to market this three-bedroomed link terrace home, located in Orton. Surrounded by local amenities and transport links and within proximity to Peterborough City Centre. This property would be ideal for a first-time buyer, someone do..."
"Set in popular Parnwell, set at the end of a quiet cul de sac this THREE BEDROOM BUNGALOW is being sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN. Boasts GARAGE, LIVING and DINING ROOMS and an easy care Garden. Close to Shops Schools and on a bus route to the City with it quick Road and Rail links."
"***OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN***Situated in a new popular development of Gunthorpe, which offers easy access to motor way links, amenities, transport links, and schooling. Features include TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES and CLOAKROOM. Viewings highly recommended to appreciate the accommodation."
** OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN ** Bairstow Eves of Peterborough are offering for sale this two bedroom detached bungalow located within close proximity of the Peterborough City centre. Close to local amenities and education. The bungalow has off road parking and a drive way leadin...
"Set in popular Bretton, this well presented three bedroom home is being offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN. Close to Peterborough Hospital, local Schools and Shops & can be offered with Furniture and White Goods at an additional cost. Easy access to the City with its quick Road and Rail links."
A Recently renovated two bedroom semi-detached house offered with no forward chain is just minutes away from Peterborough City Centre! Briefly comprising of a newly fitted bathroom and Kitchen this property is ready to move straight into!
"Situated in Orton Malborne, the property is close to local Schools and Shops, open areas & within easy access to Peterborough City with its excellent rail links. A popular area for rental properties due to these factors."
"Offering an Ideal Business Opportunity! This property comprises of a ground floor, currently set up and used as a salon, whilst also offering a one bedroom apartment to the first floor, which has its own independent access. Call today to view ."
"This fantastic three bedroom home is located close to local amenities and within walking distance of the city centre and train station. The property has been re-designed throughout and benefits from an en-suite to master bedroom, enclosed low maintenance rear garden and a modern fitted kitchen."
"Being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN, this FIVE BEDROOM home was previously used as a HMO and could make an ideal family home or INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, with a current HMO licence in place."
"*** TENANT IN SITU PAYING £1000 PER MONTH *** '' Located in a highly desirable location, close to the city centre and within walking distance to the train station, this modern two bedroom apartment is a fantastic investment opportunity. Featuring off road parking for two cars, two bedroo..."
"Situated in a popular residential area of Dogsthorpe, which offers easy access to amenities, transport links, Dogsthorpe Library, gym, college and schooling. The property also benefits from being a short distance, providing convenient access to the City Centre, train station and the central town."
"Welcome to your dream home in the heart of Orton Goldhay, Peterborough! This three bedroom terraced house is the perfect combination of comfort, convenience and style"
"END TERRACED FAMILY HOME located in a popular area of Saltmarsh in Orton Malborne. Close to local amenities and Schools nearby, also easy bus routes into the CITY CENTRE. The property is well presented throughout and features a good size CONSERVATORY. Call now to view!"
"Modern terraced house offered for sale with NO FORWARD CHAIN. The property offers three double bedrooms, refitted modern kitchen, conservatory, gas central heating, UPVC double glazing, enclosed garden with tree line view at rear. *** MUST BE SEEN ***"
"Mandairs is pleased to present this fantastic investment opportunity. Sold with a tenant in situ the current tenant has been there 4 years and is looking to stay long term. The tenancy is about to be renewed at a new rent of £925pcm, the property is very well presented and in a sought after..."
"Being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN, this two bedroom bungalow benefits from a GENEROUS REAR GARDEN and is tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac position."
Connells are delighted to present this two bedroom Coach House situated on the popular Arrow Court. The property offers easy access to local amenities and would make an ideal first time purchase or investment.
* Investors Only * Tenants in Situ Since 2015 paying £850.00pcm * Total Floor Area 56 Square Metres * Close to Schools & Shops * Conservatory * Off-Road Parking for 2 Vehicles * 
"** IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY **  Belvoir are delighted to bring to the market this THREE BEDROOM family home ideally situated close to the Peterborough City Centre.The property further benefits from a spacious lounge, an enclosed garden to the rear aspect and i..."
"Just MINUTES AWAY from Peterborough CITY HOSPITAL is this WELL PRESENTED three bedroom terraced house comprising of a SPACIOUS KITCHEN/DINER, downstairs CLOAKROOM and is offered with NO CHAIN"
"An exciting opportunity to own this fantastic, well presented two bedroom end of terrace house briefly comprising of both an upstairs and downstairs bathroom as well as two reception rooms downstairs. This is a great investment or first time buy."
SEALED BIDS ARE INVITED BY 5PM THURSDAY 30TH MARCH 2023 on this three bedroom semi detached home. THE PROPERTY IS IN NEED OF FULL REFURBISHMENT and is offered with no forward chain.
"* REFURBISHMENT OPPORTUNITY * Available to purchase is a three bedroom mid terrace property in Bretton. Property comprises of, entrance hall, WC, kitchen dining room, lounge, storgae, three double bedrooms, family bathroom and private rear garden"
FOR SALE BY LIVESTREAM AUCTION ON THURSDAY 4 MAY AT 11:00AM TO REGISTER FOR LEGAL PACKS AND BIDDING INSTRUCTIONS PLEASE VISIT OUR WEBSITE
"**NO FORWARD CHAIN** Smart Move are pleased to offer for sale, this well presented three bedroom home in Bretton. Situated within close proximity to local amenities and the CITY HOSPITAL, this property is ideal for a first time purchase or buy to let opportunity. Accommodation comprises entrance ..."
"*IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS* *INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*
The Lily III is a beautiful 1 bedroom ground floor apartment with open plan living/ kitchen/ dining area making this home ideal for entertaining. Snuggle up in the sitting area during the winter months, or let the fresh air in thr..."
** End terraced House | Two Bedrooms | Two Reception Rooms | Re-Fitted Bathroom | Utility Room | No Upward Chain | Enclosed Rear Garden | Close to City Centre | Popular Location | Ideal First Time/Investment | On Street Permit Parking | Convenient to local Amenities | Viewing Advisable
"** THREE BEDROOMS ** TERRACE ** EXTENDED ** TWO RECEPTIONS ** GARAGE ** NO UPWARD CHAIN ** Situated in the popular location of Westwood with easy access to local amenities, schools, Peterborough Hospital, City Centre and Train Station"
"***Offered with No Forward Chain!*** This is a FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY to purchase a REFURBISHED semi-detached property situated in a popular residential location within walking distance to local amenities, including supermarkets, Brotherhood Retail Park, bus routes, further transport links and bot..."
"*NO CHAIN * IDEAL INVESTORS* FULL REFURB NEEDED * Next Move Estate Agents are pleased to offer this four bedroom terrace investment home located in Orton Goldhay in brief comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitche/diner, cloakroom, four bedrooms, bathroom, front and rear gardens, NO CHAIN, MUST V..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! This THREE bedroom FAMILY home is being offered for sale with NO UPWARD CHAIN and has a KITCHEN/DINER, three good size bedrooms, STUDY/PLAYROOM, cloakroom & enclosed rear garden. Ideally located for local amenities and schools."
"Mandairs is please to present this three bedroom end of terrace home to the market. This property is well presented offering a kitchen/diner, lounge, study, cloakroom, rear garden and garage. Within close proximity to schools and local amenities."
"**OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN** City and County are excited to market this FOUR-bedroomed TERRACE home, located in Orton. Surrounded by local amenities, transport links, and within proximity to Peterborough City Centre. This property would be ideal for a first-time buyer, someone downsizing..."
"PUBLIC NOTICE Sharman Quinney are now in receipt of an offer for the sum of £180,000 for 22 Donaldson Drive, PE4 7XH. Anyone wishing to place an offer on this property should contact Sharman Quinney, The Loxley Centre, PE4 5BW under before exchange of contracts."
"CALLING ALL INVESTORS AND FIRST TIME BUYERS!! Within close proximity to amenities, Transport links, schooling and the Peterborough City Hospital. Also offers access to motor way links. Features to include OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER and GARAGE Viewings highly recommended."
"CALLING INVESTORS! This TWO bedroom has a TENANT in and is being sold to INVESTORS ONLY. Internally there is a 22ft LOUNGE/DINER, fitted kitchen, utility room, UPSTAIRS BATHROOM and two bedrooms. Outside the rear garden is paved."
"Three bedroom, semi detached home located in the popular area of Bretton. Ground floor consists of an entrance hall, WC, lounge and kitchen/diner. To the first floor there are three bedrooms and a shower room. Outside are front and rear gardens with and communal parking."
"NO UPWARD CHAIN! This THREE bedroom home is in a POPULAR LOCATION and is being offered for sale with NO UPWARD CHAIN. Internally there are three SEPARATE bedrooms, 25ft LOUNGE/DINER. Ideal FIRST TIME or INVESTMENT purchase. Current owner presently gets £10,500 per annum."
SOLD WITH NO CHAIN - SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM HOUSE - IDEAL INVESTMENT PURCHASE - PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - GARAGE - LIVE VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - FREEHOLD - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"CALLING ALL INVESTORS AND FIRST TIME BUYERS!! Located within close proximity to amenities, Transport links, schooling and the Peterborough City Hospital. Also offers access to motor way links. Features to include THREE BEDROOMS & CLOAKROOM. Viewings highly recommended."
"Being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN, this end terrace home benefits from TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS and GARAGE, tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac position and making an ideal first-time home or investment opportunity."
"City and County are excited to bring to the market this lovely two bedroomed terrace property. This would make a perfect starter home and ideal for someone looking for a long-term investment or downsize. Within walking distance to local amenities, transport links and schooling, the property is a ..."
"Perfect FIRST TIME BUY! This two bedroom terraced house just a SHORT WALK from Peterborough CITY CENTRE is offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN is available to view now! The property briefly comprises of a kitchen, lounge and downstairs W/C then on the second floor there is 2 bedrooms, one with a J..."
Having been refurbished by the current owners this two bedroom bungalow sits is a quiet residential area in the ever popular Orton Goldhay and provides easy access to local shops and amenities.
* No Upward Chain * Three Bedrooms * uPVC Double Glazing & Gas Central Heating * Parking & Single Garage *
"PUBLIC NOTICE - 23 Rudd Close, Peterborough, PE1 5BE - We have received an offer of £ 182,000.00. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange of contracts takes place. EPC Rating C"
 * NO FORWARD CHAIN * Original Features * Modern Additions * Intergrated Zanussi Kitchen Appliances * Smart Taps/Shower * Well Maintained Communal Gardens * Parking * Walking Distance to Peterborough Centre & Train Statin * VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED *
"*** END OF CUL-DE-SAC PEACEFULLY LOCATED BUNGALOW *** ""Welcome to this easy to maintain and well presented two bedroom bungalow, boasting modern decoration throughout a driveway, single garage and generous private rear garden. Furthermore the property comprises of entrance hall, two bedroom, s..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME set in the popular location of Mountbatten Way within close proximity to local schools and amenities. Features include PARTIAL CONVERSION of GARAGE to SAUNA & SHOWER ROOM. Viewings highly recommended.
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! Situated in central Peterborough, which offers easy access to amenities, transport links and schooling. The property also benefits from being in close proximity to the Train Station and City Centre. Features include CLOAKROOM and SINGLE GARAGE."
"This three bedroom end terrace home boasts spacious living accommodation throughout, situated in Orton Goldhay this property is ideal for the growing family."
"Home 266 comes with Internal Upgrades Inside worth £6,012! This includes integrated Bosch kitchen appliances, laminate worktop, carpet and vinyl flooring.*IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS* *INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*
The Lily III is a beautiful 1 first floor apartment with open plan living/ ..."
"Three bedroom, semi detached house located on Duke Street. On the ground floor there is a lounge, dining room, kitchen and bathroom. To the first floor there are 3 bedrooms. Outside is a rear garden, outbuilding and on street parking. Viewings recommended."
"***NO CHAIN***Kenneally Property are delighted to be offering for sale this 1920's three bedroom mid terrace house situated in Fengate, ideally located for local businesses and within walking distance of University . This home is well presented throughout and would make an ideal purchase for firs..."
"** Offering NO UPWARD CHAIN is this beautifully presented, spacious luxury apartment in Avonside House, Fletton Quays. Ideally located for easy access into the City Centre & the train station. With the development sitting on the South bank of the River Nene which has been beautifully landscaped t..."
"Mandairs is please to present this three bedroom home to the market. This property is well presented offering large a kitchen/diner, lounge, utility, cloakroom and rear garden. Located in the sought after area of Woodston and is within close proximity to schools and local amenities."
"**OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN** City and County are excited to market this three-bedroom, end of terrace home, located in the Centre of Peterborough. Surrounded by local amenities, transport links, and only five minutes drive away from Queensgate shopping centre, Peterborough train station ..."
"* NO FORWARD CHAIN* Situated in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC, is this perfect FIRST TIME BUY or INVESTMENT property. Offers easy access to amenities, transport links and schooling. The property also give easy access to motor way links. Viewings highly recommended."
Looking for the perfect first time buy or investment alike? Queens Walk will be ticking your box's This 3 Bedroom Terraced home situated in the central city Benifits from re decoration and is ready to go. Upon entry you will find 2 great sized reception rooms leading on to a fitted kitchen and...
"Four bedroom end of terrace house for sale, in the popular location of Orton Malborne."
Don't miss out on the fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious terrace house close to the Peterborough city centre. Ideal for First Time Buyers or Buy to Let Investors and available with No Forward Chain! The property benefits from a living room and separate dining room with stairs to ...
SOLD WITH NO CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - ACCESS TO A1 LINKS - LIVE VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"Situated within the much sought after location, this well presented semi-detached home offers spacious accommodation, making it an excellent FTB or investment opportunity. With two bedrooms, family bathroom and living room this property really must be viewed."
"Situated within the much sought after location, this well presented detached home offers spacious accommodation, making it an excellent home or investment opportunity. With two / three bedrooms, family bathroom and open plan living this property really must be viewed."
"Four Bedroom, three storey, mid terrace property situated within walking distance of Peterborough City Centre and Train Station. Accommodation comprises of a lounge, kitchen, shower room on ground floor and the first floor. There is also a rear garden. For more information please call ."
"** THREE BEDROOMS ** TERRACE ** KITCHEN DINER ** WC ** NO UPWARD CHAIN ** Situated in the popular location of Paston with easy access to local amenities, schools, A47 road links, transport links to the City Centre and Train Station"
"A great First Time Buy or Investment opportunity. This semi-detached house sits in a quiet cul-de-sac location overlooking a green, benefitting from two double bedrooms, a family bathroom, living space, kitchen/diner, private garden, parking and a garage. Other benefits include gas central he..."
"***Offered with No Forward Chain!*** City and County are excited to present this THREE BEDROOMED Terrace home located in Paston with easy access to amenities and transport links to the City Centre. Ideal property for first time buyers, investors, or someone looking to move up the property lad..."
"City and County are very pleased to offer for sale this nicely presented end of terrace property, located opposite a green space with convenient access to local shops, services and Peterborough City Hospital nearby. The property briefly comprises and enclosed front garden with a foot pat..."
This spacious terraced THREE BEDROOM house could make an ideal first-time home or investment opportunity.
"HUGE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! This two bedroom semi-detached bungalow has much to offer such as a large rear garden with rear access, great location and is offered with no forward chain."
"***CALL THE OFFICE AND BOOK IN YOUR VIEWING*** Bairstow Eves offer for sale this semi-detached property located in the popular location of Ravensthorpe conveniently located within easy reach of the Peterborough City Hospital, Peterborough City Centre and railway station. Accommodation compri..."
"***Offered with No Forward Chain!*** City and County are excited to present this THREE BEDROOMED Terrace home located in Bretton, with easy access to amenities, Peterborough Hospital and transport links to the City Centre. Ideal property for first time buyers, investors, or someone looking to mov..."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this 3 bedroom house to the market. This property benefits from having a 15ft Kitchen/Diner, a 17ft lounge and a garage. Located close to local amenities and the hospital, this property is perfect for investors or first time buyers."
"** This well-presented terraced family home, which is located on Eastfield Road, Peterborough, is being offered for sale to ** INVESTORS ONLY ** with a tenant in situ. The property briefly consists of two reception rooms, kitchen, and a downstairs bathroom, with three bedrooms on the first floor,..."
"A Victorian terraced home offering Two Reception Rooms, Kitchen, a Landing leading to Two Bedrooms, and a Spacious first-floor three-piece Bathroom.Set within easy walking distance of the city centre, railway station, and local pre and junior schooling.Easy to maintain with an en..."
***IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*** Belvoir are delighted to present this TWO BEDROOM family home offered for sale with NO FORWARD CHAIN. The property offers a range of attractive features including an enclosed rear garden and conservatory to the rear. The property is situated...
*** INVESTMENT PURCHASE ONLY!
"**GUIDE PRICE £180,000 - £190,000** NEWLY REFURBISHED HOUSE FOR SALE - BRAND NEW KITCHEN + BATHROOM SUITE - INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - LUXURY FINISH - PERFECT FIRST HOME - MUST SEE - CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM FOR FURTHER INFORMATION"
"City and County are excited to market this three-bed terraced property located in the Centre of Peterborough. Surrounded by local amenities and transport links. Only five minutes away from Queensgate shopping centre, Peterborough train station and the bus station. The property briefly c..."
*IDEAL FIRST TIME OR INVESTMENT PURCHASE* *3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS* *KITCHEN/DINING ROOM* *CONSERVATORY* *NO CHAIN* Regal Park are pleased to offer this 3 Bedroom End Terrace House in the popular location of Bretton. The property is situated close to local amenities and is within easy access to Cit...
"Situated in a quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC off WERRINGTON VILLAGE is this TWO BEDROOM BUNGALOW. In an OVER 55's DEVELOPMENT, it offers easy access to amenities & transport links. The Cul-De-Sac provides a real private feel. Viewings highly recommended."
"Mandairs is pleased to present this two bedroom property to the market. Providing two reception rooms, two double bedrooms, an upstairs bathroom, a large garden and located close to the City Centre. Ideal for first time buyers or investment, to arrange a viewing please call or email our office."
"PUBLIC NOTICE - 27 Beeston Drive, Peterborough, PE2 8UH - We have received an offer of £ 221,000.00. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange of contracts takes place. EPC Rating D"
"Just minutes away from Peterborough CITY CENTRE this FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM terraced house could be your next home! Offered with no forward chain, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS and a downstairs shower room."
"FOR SALE BY LIVESTREAM ONLINE AUCTION COMMENCING AT 11:00AM – THURSDAY, 4TH MAY 2023 TO REGISTER FOR LEGAL PACK AND BIDDING INSTRUCTIONS PLEASE VISIT OUR WEBSITE "
"DON'T MISS OUT!!! Guide price £180,000-190,000. Viewing is highly recommended on this three bedroom terraced property situated in WALTON. Close to amenities, schools easy access to transport links."
"Introducing a fantastic opportunity to create your dream family home in the popular residential area of Bretton. This spacious four-bedroom terrace house is in need of refurbishment throughout, providing the perfect canvas for a buyer to put their own stamp on it."
City and County and pleased to present this immaculately presented TWO bedroom apartment located within walking distance to Peterborough City Centre & train station. This would make a fantastic home for first time buyers or someone looking for an easy commute to London! It benefits from being wit...
"Popular location offered with no onward chain this three bedroom family home is close to local amenities, bus routes and schools."
"Three Bedroom, semi detached house located on the popular Park Farm, accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen/diner, bathroom and a rear garden. Viewings Recommended ."
An excellent investment opportunity to put your own stamp on. Located down a quiet cul-de-sac close to public transport links. This bungalow also benefits from a field view to the rear.
"**IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTOR ** Belvoir are delighted to offer the rare opportunity to purchase this beautifully presented TWO BEDROOM COACH HOUSE.  This stunning property boasts a SPACIOUS open plan lounge / diner, contemporary kitchen, TWO DOUBLE SIZED BEDROOMS, and a refurbished ..."
"Located in Orton Malborne, this three bedroom end terraced maisonette will make an ideal family home or investment."
SOLD WITH NO CHAIN - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - CLOSE TO CITY CENTRE - LIVE VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM
"*** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** Modern end terraced home in Bretton with easy access to the City Centre and New City Hospital. Accommodation comprises three bedrooms, UPVC double glazing, gas central heating and enclosed garden. *** CURENTLY RENTED WITH TENANT IN SITU ***"
"SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN!! Stunning throughout, this END OF TERRACE house is just a SHORT DRIVE to Peterborough CITY HOSPITAL and also to major transport links!"
Haart Estate Agents are delighted to exclusively offer for sale this two bedroom house situated in central location of New England
Mandairs is pleased to offer this 3 bedroom house to the market. Offering a downstairs shower room and a 17ft kitchen/diner. This property is located close to local amenities and the city centre. Please note that this property is for investment purposes only.
** End Terrace House | Two Bedrooms | No Upward Chain | Kitchen/Diner | Single Garage | Close to Local Amenities | Close to City Centre | Garden | Ideal First Time Buy | Investment Opportunity | Vewing Advised
Being sold with NO CHAIN is this 2 Bedroom home with GARAGE. IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY!. The property has an Entrance Porch with acess to the lounge. There is a KITCHEN/DINER at the rear. The first floor has 2 bedrooms and the bathroom. Outside the home has front and rear gardens and a garage
"Introducing a stunning 2020 built two bedroom coach house located on the sought-after Roman Fields development in Peterborough, offered to market with no forward chain"
"AVAILABLE WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN! Don't miss out on this ideal First Time Buy or Investment Purchase, this spacious mid-terrace house sits in the popular Werrington area, just North of Peterborough, within easy access to local schools, amenities and travel links. The property benefits from al..."
"City and County are excited to offer this spacious TERRACE FAMILY HOME. Located within close proximity to local amenities, and transport links. The property is WELL PRESENTED throughout and briefly comprises, entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen/diner, lounge and storage cupboard. To the first floor..."
"Pattinson Auction are pleased to offer this three bedroom terraced home that is situated in the popular location of Central Avenue, Peterborough. The ground floor of this home has an entrance hall, Lounge, Kitchen, Dining room, and Utility room. On the second floor it features three double bed..."
** INVESTMENT PROPERTY ** Belvoir are delighted to offer for sale this TWO BEDROOM FREEHOLD PROPERTY situated close to the Peterborough City Centre. The property sold sold with an active tenancy in place with a rent of £795pcm being achieved. The property has lots of character and offers...
"Two bedroom, semi detached home for Sale - Accomodation comprises of an entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen, lounge, two bedrooms and bathroom upstairs. Front and rear gardens. Call today to view. "
 * Investors Only * Tenanted at £875 pcm * Ground Rent £10pa * Service Charge for 2022 £603.08 pa * Close the City Centre & Railway Station * Communal Gated Parking * Small Courtyard Garden * 
"360 VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE ON REQUEST! Located close to the City Centre & within walking distance of shops, services and local amenities. This STYLISH OPEN PLAN LIVING APARTMENT is well appointed throughout & there is an ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE."
"Situated in Hampton, Peterborough, this TWO BEDROOM, TOP FLOOR apartment, is perfect for first time buyers or investment. This property offers easy access to local amenities and schooling. This immaculate, well kept apartment, is ready to move into. The property briefly comprises, entr..."
This contemporary first floor two bedroom apartment is located in the ever popular Hampton Gardens and boasts generous living accommodation throughout.
"Close to the City Centre and Cathedral, this STYLISH TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT is close to local shops, services and amenities. Features include EN-SUITE, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS & LARGE LOUNGE. Viewings highly recommended to appreciate the accommodation on offer."
"This property makes an ideal investment. Well-Presented Modern Coach House situated in HAMPTON HARGATE within reach of schools, shops and supermarket. Spacious accommodation comprises ENTRANCE LOBBY with access to GARAGE, LOUNGE/DINER, KITCHEN, TWO BEDROOMS, BATHROOM, GARAGE & PARKING."
"Sharman Quinney are proud to present this three bedroom mid terraced property in Brudenell Orton Goldhay. With ample parking and being in close proximity to local schools and shops, this would make the ideal next home or investment."
SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - TWO RECEPTION ROOMS - WALKING DISTANCE TO TRAIN STATION - UTILITY ROOM - VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - CALL OUR SALES TEAM TO FIND OUT MORE
"Situated in a quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC of Bretton. Close proximity to Peterborough City Hospital, Amenities, Transport links and Schooling. This is a perfect first time buy or investment opportunity. Features include a single GARAGE. Early viewings advised."
"OPEN HOUSE - Friday 7th April 14:00 - 15:00, contact us for details. ""PHOTOS, FLOORPLANS AND ROOM MEASUREMENTS TO FOLLOW"". NO FORWARD CHAIN! THREE BEDROOM MID TERRACED HOME located in Flore Close and close to the City Hospital, Shops and local services. Good bus routes into the City Cen..."
* Wooden Garage to Rear of Property * Total Floor Area 74 Square Metres * Current Tenant Paying £750 pcm * Council Tax Band A £1237 pa * Energy Rating D * Cloakroom & Utility Room * Upstairs Bathroom * 
"Public Notice. Property Address, 100 Oundle Road, Peterborough, PE2 9PJ.We advise that an offer has been made for the above property in the sum of £151,500. Any persons wishing to increase on this offer should notify Fitzjohns of their best offer prior to exchange of contracts. Fitzjohn Sales & Let"
"LOOKING FOR A PROJECT? CHAIN FREE. An established two bedroom semi detached property which is in need of some love and attention. Located in a popular residential area, close to local schools and on a bus route. Great as a first time purchase or investment. Call us today to book your viewing."
We are pleased to offer to the market this three bedroom mid terrace property which is being sold with no forward chain.
"IDEAL INVESTMENT or FIRST TIME BUYER property situated in a popular location close to local amenities. Benefits from KITCHEN/DINER, downstairs bathroom and THREE Bedrooms. Outside continues with good size rear garden. Call now to register your interest."
"City and County are delighted to showcase this THIRD floor LUXURY apartment with CITY SKYLINE VIEWS. Located on the prestigious Hereward Tower estate, within walking distance to all local amenities and Peterborough railway station, (with 45-minute Thames links through to London Kings Cross). ..."
"FIRST TIME BUYERS! DO NOT MISS OUT on this well presented three bedroom END OF TERRACE house! Close to LOCAL AMENITIES, major TRANSPORT LINKS and the CITY HOSPITAL. The property has a generous 18ft Kitchen/Diner, a large storage room which could be converted and is offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN."
**Viewings Highly Recommended**Call The Office Now To Book In Your Time To View** We have to offer for sale this two bedroom mid terraced home in the popular location of Peterborough and this home is close to local amenities and walking distance to Peterborough train station and shoppi...
"This spacious terraced property is offered For Sale with NO FORWARD CHAIN!! Located in the SOUGHT AFTER area of PE1. The property makes a fantastic FIRST HOME or INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY and is close to; SCHOOLS, AMENITIES, CITY CENTRE and MAJOR TRANSPORT LINKS! Viewings are H..."
"Set on the 3rd floor this stylish two bedroom apartment boasts views of both the city centre and the Cathedral. Very well presented, this home offers lounge with Juliet balcony, open plan kitchen/Diner and two double bedrooms."
"Calling Investment Landlords.This two-bedroom mid-terraced home is set in the popular area of South Bretton and comes complete with a tenant who has been in the property for 15 years. So you will get the ground running!The property offers, a porch, lounge, kitchen diner, two bedr..."
"*** BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT *** '' Situated in the popular location of Hampton Gardens, this modern apartment is a fantastic first time buy or investment opportunity. Featuring two car parking spaces, an entrance hall, 2 bedrooms, bathroom and an open plan kitchen breakfast..."
Two bedroom end of terraced property available in PE2. This property would be a great investment property or first home!
"City and County are excited to market this deceptively spacious, one-bedroom detached bungalow situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in Orton, Peterborough. The property briefly comprises, entrance hall, large double bedroom, family bathroom that is fitted with a three-piece suite comprising, ..."
INVESTMENT ONLY - PETERBOROUGH CITY CENTRE An executive 2-bed 2 -bath furnished apartment available to buy with a tenant in situ. Former show flat - high specification. Share of Freehold.
BRAND NEW Park Home (36'x20') | Fully Furnished | Countryside Location | Situated on The Outskirts of Peterborough | Wonderful Local Amenities Nearby | Exclusively For The Over 50s | Pets are Considered | Fully Integrated Appliances | Part Exchange Available | Home Coming Soon
NO FORWARD CHAIN! Stunning two bedroom first floor apartment with a garage situated a short distance away from the Train Station and City Centre
Connells are delighted to present this stunning two bedroom apartment situated on the sought after Spring Avenue. The property is presented to a high standard and would make an ideal first time purchase or investment.
**SPACIOUS TWO BEDROOM HOME WITH ENCLOSED GARDEN** Belvoir are delighted to bring to the market this well presented two bedroom property situated in a quiet cul de sac location. The property would make an ideal FIRST TIME PURCHASE or INVESTMENT. The property further benefits from being sold wi...
"Three bedroom property located in the popular area of New England located close to the local amenities. The property comprises of lounge, dining area, kitchen, three bedrooms, family bathroom and rear garden with a patio area. This property is also being sold with no forward c..."
"***Offered with no forward chain*** This perfect opportunity to purchase this fantastic two-bedroom MID TERRACE property located within easy access to amenities, transport links, schooling and within proximity to the Peterborough City Centre. The property briefly comprises, entrance into lounge, ..."
Haart Estate Agents are delighted to exclusively offer for sale this three/five bedroom end of terrace house situated in the popular location of Woodston
"DO NOT MISS OUT! This WELL PRESENTED three bedroom SEMI-DETACHED house situated in Parnwell has AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING, Kitchen/diner and is sold with NO CHAIN."
"Regal Park are pleased to offer this 3 Bedroom Semi Detached Bungalow in the popular location of Dogsthorpe. The property is situated close to local amenities and comprises of: Entrance Hall, Lounge/Dining Room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, 3 Bedrooms, Bathroom and separate WC. The property has UP..."
MODERN TWO BEDROOM FLAT FOR SALE - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - EASY ACCESS TO A1 - CLOSE TO SCHOOLS - EN SUITE TO MASTER - FIRST TIME BUY/INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES - VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - MODERN THROUGHOUT - MUST SEE - CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
** First Floor Apartment | Two Bedrooms | Separate Dining Room | Fitted Kitchen with Built in Appliances | En-Suite To Master | Allocated Parking | No Upward Chain | Close to Local Amenities | An Ideal First Time Buy | Investment Opportunity | Viewing Highly Advisable.
"Modern, well presented, ground floor apartment located on the popular Cubitt Way - Accommodation comprises of an entrance hall, two bedrooms, En-Suite to master bedroom and bathroom. Outside there is an enclosed garden area and secure gated parking. Call today "
"Bairstow Eves Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale this perfect first time buyers home or fantastic investment opportunity. The property comprises of Lounge, dining room, kitchen and bathroom to the rear of the home. To the first floor you have two double bedrooms on offer. To the rear is ..."
"William H Brown are delighted to offer for sale this one bedroom apartment in the highly sought after area of the HAMPTON'S. The apartment has access to the tear drop shaped lake which provides an idyllic walkway. Offering Open Plan Living, Bedroom, Shower Room, and TWO allocated parking spaces."
"This WELL PRESENTED TWO bedroom third floor apartment would make an ideal FIRST TIME purchase or INVESTMENT. This property compromises of TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with built in wardrobes and an EN SUITE to the master, lounge/diner, kitchen with a range of INTEGRATED APPLIANCES and there is allocated p..."
Pleased to offer this two bedroom mid terrace house. Will make and ideal investment opportunity as has sitting tenants with strong rental returns. On road parking to the front and courtyard garden to the rear. Within easy walking distance to the City & its good Rail links.
** IMMACULATELY PRESENT APARTMENT ** Belvoir are pleased to bring to the market this SPACIOUS two bedroom property situated at the heart of the centre of Peterborough. The property benefits from spacious living accomedation throughout and is sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN. This property further ben...
MODERN TWO BEDROOM FLAT FOR SALE - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - CLOSE TO AMENITIES - LOCAL TO SCHOOLS - TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES - VIDEO TOURS AVAILABLE - LIGHT AND MODERN THROUGHOUT - MUST SEE - CONTACT OUR SALES TEAM FOR FURTHER INFORMATION
"This two bedroom PENTHOUSE Apartment comprises of an entrance hall, kitchen, lounge/diner, two bedrooms and a bathroom. Two allocated parking spaces and no forward chain."
** INVESTOR ONLY WITH CURRENT RENTAL INCOME OF £795CPM ** Belvoir are delighted to present this MODERN AND CONTEMPORARY two bedroom APARTMENT offered for sale with NO FORWARD CHAIN. The property offers open plan living accomedation finished to a high specification with good quality fitti...
"First Floor Apartment which is located close to the town centre in brief accommodation comprises of, secure communal door with intercom system give you access into the reception area there is lifts and stairs that take you to the first floor. Door to the entrance hallway, doors to, lounge/dining ..."
"IDEAL FIRST TIME OR INVESTMENT PURCHASE - First floor apartment  located in the highly desirable area of Hampton Hargate, close to local amenities, in the catchment area of the Outstanding rated Hampton Hargate Primary School and sold with NO CHAIN."
"We welcome to the market this well presented two bedroom flat in Peterborough town centre. With just a few minute walk from the train station, shops and other local amenities this property is in the perfect location for commuters."
SOLD WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - CITY CENTRE LOCATION - TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS - EN-SUITE TO MASTER - WALKING DISTANCE TO TRAIN STATION - INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY - INTEGRATED APPLIANCES - LIFT ACCESS - LOCAL TO AMENITIES - FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT THE SALES TEAM ON
"Mandairs is pleased to present this over 55's semi-detached bungalow located within a retirement complex and warden controlled. The property offers two bedrooms, a 17ft lounge, ample storage space and is located within the sought after area of Orton Brimbles close to the Nene Park and City Centre."
"Well Presented, Modern, First Floor Apartment located in the Popular area of Hampton Hargate. Accommodation comprises of an Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen, Two Bedrooms, Bathroom, Dedicated Parking, Bike Storage and a Communal Garden. Viewings Recommended Call "
"This two bedroom sixth floor apartment is located central to Peterborough town centre WALKING distance to town and close to local amenities. The apartment comprises of an entrance hall, open plan kitchen/lounge/diner, two double bedrooms, an ensuite and a bathroom. Allocated parking and no chain."
"INVESTORS WANTED! This TWO DOUBLE bedroom apartment has tenants in situ and would make an ideal INVESTMENT. There are TWO DOUBLE bedrooms with the master having an EN SUITE, & fitted kitchen along with SECURE PARKING. The property is in a POPULAR LOCATION close to the CITY CENTRE."
"This traditional terraced property is situated in Woodston in the South of Greater Peterborough and offers excellent local amenities including; Primary and Secondary Schools, Doctors Surgery, a variety of local shops along with easy access into Stanground, Hampton, Yaxley."
MOTIVATED SELLER - SERIOUS OFFERS CONSIDERED. A spacious South facing first floor apartment built by McCarthy & Stone for the over 60's only. The development offers excellent communal areas including landscaped gardens and a communal lounge area. 
"This property is being offered for sale with no forward chain. The property benefits from being close to the town centre, two reception rooms, 15'1"" Kitchen/diner and rear garden."
"Sharman Quinney are pleased to offer this modern 2 bedroom apartment to the market. This property is within walking distance to the train station and the city centre. Built in 2016, this popular zero carbon apartment is well presented throughout."
### LAND WITH FULL PLANNING PERMISSION ###Hudson Homes Estate Agents are delighted to offer an opportunity to buy a parcel of land with full planning permission (22/01296/FUL) for 2x one bedroom apartments with 6 parking spaces located within close proximity to Peterborough's city centre.Site and...
"***CALLING ALL INVESTORS AND FIRST TIME BUYERS*** Situated in a central part of Peterborough, which offers convenient access to the City Centre, train station, amenities, schooling, College & the Central Town Park. Features include TWO RECEPTION ROOMS. Viewings highly recommended."
"NO UPWARD CHAIN….situated in a popular location. Benefits from TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, conservatory and wet room. Outside continues with communal parking and rear garden. View Now!"
"IDEAL INVESTMENT. This SPACIOUS MODERN first floor apartment is the ideal INVESTMENT purchase. With TWO BEDROOMS, lounge/diner and ALLOCATED parking the property also has GOOD ACCESS to the TOWN CENTRE."
"Situated in central part of Peterborough, is the fantastic LARGE TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT. Offers easy access to amenities, transport links, City Centre, Train Station, university, athletic track, the regional Swimming pool and gym facilities."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! This is a perfect opportunity to purchase this deceptively spacious MID-TERRACE FAMILY HOME which would make a perfect FIRST TIME BUY or INVESTMENT. Situated within close proximity to schools, amenities and transport links. Viewings highly recommended."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! Situated in central part of Peterborough, is the fantastic TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT. Offers easy access to amenities, transport links, City Centre, Train Station, university, athletic track, the regional Swimming Pool and Gym Facilities."
Haart Estate Agents are delighted to offer FOR SALE this 2016 built two bedroom fourth floor apartment situated in the central location of Hawksbill Way
LAND FOR SALE An opportunity to purchase a piece of land 2.5 acres approx (subject to survey) in a great location between Werrington and Glinton with easy access to the A15
Presented in an excellent condition throughout is this two bedroom apartment which is situated close to the city centre. 
"This second floor apartment in Hampton Centre is available with TENANTS IN SITU or with vacant possession. Available with NO ONWARD CHAIN, early viewing is recommended."
"This bungalow is situated on an independent living development for the over 55's and is being sold with no chain. uPVC double glazed windows, a refitted bathroom, revamped kitchen, new carpets, and decoration throughout. Parking space, garden."
"DEAL INVESTMENT WITH A 6% YEILD, SITUATED IN A PEACEFUL CUL DE SAC WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN is this immaculately presented 2 double bedroomed bungalow which gives independent living for over 55's...."
"*** 2 BEDROOM OVER 55'S BUNGALOW *** '' Nestled at the end of a cul de sac in Gunthorpe, this two bedroom semi detached bungalow is beautifully presented. Sold with no onward chain, this property is for over 55's and is a very short walk away from a bus stop. It features an entrance hall,..."
