Summary
"PRETTY COTTAGE located in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC boasting WOODEN BEAMS and WOOD BURNER. Two DOUBLE BEDROOMS, modern bathroom with separate shower cubicle, downstairs WC, Utility room, allocated parking and enclosed rear garden. Close to GOOD SCHOOLS. EPC: C."
"This investment portfolio comprises 8 properties and 4 garages, all located in the City of Plymouth. The portfolio is currently valued at £3,575,000 and generates an income of £264,906 per annum. The portfolio is for sale with a marketing price of £3,500,000 which offers a fanta..."
"We are delighted to offer to the market a staggering opportunity to acquire one of Plymouth's most popular Bar & Restaurants. The award winning venue, has undergone a drastic transformation with the current owners investing circa £600,000 during extensive renovations over the past few y..."
"Waterside Office . Video Tour Available.  Being offered to the market with no onward chain, Lang Town and Country are delighted to present to the market this iconic and elegant Townhouse. This Parade of Georgian houses are a well-known and iconic landmark of the city, as you w..."
"An impressive and luxurious 4 bedroom detached house set in attractive level gardens extending to 1.2 acres. SEPERATE detached high specification 2 BEDROOM COTTAGE and double garage with 1 BEDROOM APARTMENT over. Gated entrance with long driveway, on the edge of the South Hams village of Brixton..."
"This historic 9 bedroom Manor House is steeped in history dating back to 1681, the property has retained an abundance of original features, surrounded by 3 acres of parkland gardens this really is a one off"
"A STUNNING DETACHED 5 DOUBLE BEDROOM, 4 EN-SUITE, FARMHOUSE and BARN with PLANNING set on a LEVEL PLOT and GROUNDS boasts a LARGE CONSERVATORY, KITCHEN / DINER, UTILITY, SITTING ROOM, DINING ROOM, DOUBLE GARAGE with OPEN COUNTRYSIDE VIEWS in the POPULAR AREA of RURAL PLYMPTON."
This newly built detached home in Powisland Drive has been finished to an exquisite standard and benefits from a free-flowing layout with every room graced with a warmth of natural light. The developers of the home initially built with the intention to live in the property and therefore the final...
"This charming, detached property is set within the idyllic rural setting of Elfordleigh and is situated on the golf course. Elfordleigh sits to the east of Plymouth, conveniently located for access into the city, up to the open spaces of Dartmoor and to the local facilities in nearby Plympton. O..."
RESIDENTIAL DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY. C.2.29 ACRE (0.93 Hectares) with an EXPIRED OUTLINE PLANNING PERMISSION (07/1197/15/O) for 17 units in the South Hams. POSSIBLE REDESIGN for c.10 detached houses 
"This stunning Grade 11 listed Manor House is one not to be missed, The main house offers 6 Double Bedrooms, 3 bathrooms, 3 large reception rooms, an annexe/studio, games room, Swimming pool and hot tub in approx 1 acre plot"
Fantastic development located just off Alma Road in Plymouth. This property is being sold as an ongoing concern with tenants in situ. The property comprises 4 x 2 bedroom dwellings and 2 x 1 bedroom flats. Planning Permission has also been granted to provide an additional 2 x 1 bedroom flats
"Situated at the end of this quiet no through road of Mannamead Avenue is this substantial contemporary new build detached house situated in this desirable residential area is this individual high specification home. The executive home, comprises a magnificent open plan kitchen/diner which creates..."
"Situated in the heart of the Mannamead, one of Plymouth’s most desirable residential locations, is an exclusive development of two, newly built, detached houses.  The houses benefit from the privacy and tranquillity of being on the quiet, no through road of Mannamead Avenue, whilst ..."
"Spacious penthouse apartment in one of the city's most prestigious developments offering stunning views across Plymouth Sound and beyond. Comprising three bedrooms, two bathrooms and a large open plan living area, the apartment features a large balcony with 'infinite' glazed balcony and two parki..."
Waterside Office . Lang Town and Country are delighted to present to the market this truly fantastic and rare opportunity to acquire a top floor apartment within one of Plymouth Hoe’s most sought after developments.  The Rivage apartments are a landmark develop...
"A wonderful, executive family home located in the highly sought after location of Derriford, Plymouth. Located within a gated development, offering tons of internal living space and beautiful surroundings including an extensive private garden. With a stunning open plan kitchen/diner, large lou..."
"Grade II Listed Georgian property built by the famous Georgian architect , Foulston in 1825. This grand residence offers six double bedrooms, five reception rooms, four bathrooms, beautiful rear gardens as well as a huge communal area to the front."
"This truly spectacular five-bedroom residence is set within one of Plymouth’s most prestigious streets. The home has been owned for almost 16 years, and during this time it has undergone extensive work to create this sensational family home, providing the property with family freedom and ve..."
"Introducing this exclusive development, tucked away in the centre of Plymstock which is accessed by its own private drive leading to a gated entrance. It has four large double bedrooms and is expected to be completed by Q4 2023. The dwelling is a contemporary masterpiece, and will be..."
"*Guide Price £950,000 - £975,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this stunning and unique Swedish designed detached family home which is in the sought-after residential area of Mannamead. This beautiful and private property is accessed via a long automated gated driveway,..."
"Impressive, triple aspect penthouse with two large east and west facing terraces, offering superb elevated views over Plymouth Sound, Plymouth City Centre & River Tamar. Two allocated parking spaces, open plan living space & utility Room. 1367 Sq Ft."
Immaculately presented waterside town house with spectacular marina views
"This splendid period property is a real hidden gem in a quiet backwater location yet still close to the city centre & within easy walking distance of all local amenities. The property provides a home & income with 2 beautifully-appointed self-contained flats, currently used as an Airbnb. The main..."
‘Hillside’ is a fabulous Georgian house offering versatile accommodation built in crica 1734 and has an abundance of history. Hillside was the first ever Mary Dean school and served as a school for boys for 100 years. We understand in 1824 the property then became a garden nursery....
Two Bedroom Cottage. Delightful mid terrace cottage with a wealth of charm & character located with a popular residential suburb in Plympton. The sitting room is complete with a multi fuel stove & exposed painted timber beams. To the first floor there are two bedrooms with vault...
Stunning three bedroom cottage set in the beautiful and historical Plympton St. Maurice - Refurbished throughout to a high standard - Lounge/diner with a feature fireplace - Contemporary bright and airy kitchen/breakfast room - Four piece bathroom - Cloakroom - Enclosed and low maintenance garden.
"Built circa 1926, this magnificent historical property has an enviable presence further enhanced by its beautiful mature southwest facing gardens. Containing a wealth of period features and an extended kitchen effortlessly blending the very best of period features with luxury contemporary living...."
"Direct Access to Slipway *Magnificent Direct Water Views *South and Westerly Facing Sun Terrace * Very Close To Excellent Schooling *3 Bedrooms *Tandem Garage *Family Bathroom ( Ensuite) *Well Appointed Kitchen/Dining room/Living Area
"
"Located in a cul-de-sac of three contemporary homes in the sought-after location of Colebrook Plympton, which has a real village feel is this 5 bedroom detached family home set in a gated cul-de-sac. "
"Direct Access to Slipway *Magnificent Direct Water Views *Westerly Facing Sun Terrace * Very Close To Excellent Schooling *4 Bedrooms *Double Garage *Family Bathroom (2 Ensuites) Utility Room *Well Appointed Kitchen/Dining room/Living Area *Solar Panels on Roof
"
"A superb Scandinavian style detached house in an EXCLUSIVE PRIVATE DEVELOPMENT of 12 prestigious homes, nestled in a Sylvan setting in an area of ancient woodland adjacent to the beautiful Plymbridge Valley. Features include an In-Out Driveway, double garage, Spa Room with Sauna and Hot-tub, Mode..."
"Direct Access to Slipway Fantastic For Water Sports*Magnificent Direct Water Views *Westerly Facing Sun Terrace * Very Close To Excellent Schooling *4 Bedrooms *Double Garage *Family Bathroom (2 Ensuites) Utility Room *Well Appointed Kitchen/Dining room/Living Area *Solar Panels on Roof
"
"Guide Price £800,000 - £850,000 Well presented extended detached residence. Extensive gardens and grounds. High quality specification. uPVC double glazing. Solar panels. Porch, hall, Four reception rooms, kitchen, utility, cloakroom/wc, five bedrooms, two en-suite shower rooms, bathroom/wc. Garag..."
"Guide Price £800,000 - £850,000 Characterful detached home set in stunning waterside position with outstanding panoramic views over the tidal River Tamar. Beautifully presented four bedroom home suitable for weekend retreat or as a fantastic party house. Delightful gardens and extensive balconi..."
**PROPERTY OFFERED WITH LAND ADJACENT THAT HAS PLANNING PERMISSION IN PLACE FOR TWO DETACHED HOMES** This three bedroom family home is located in the heart of Hartley and will be sure to suit a growing family or alternatively those looking for development opportunities. The pro...
This grand Georgian Villa in the heart of Stoke is proudly sat within one of the largest gardens in the neighbourhood of approximately 1/3 of an acre. The five double bedroom home dates to the 1830s and is flourishing with character and original features throughout and comes with a staggering his...
"'Manor Park' is a most sought-after and private development of individual and exclusive modern detached properties which adjoin and overlook the wooded Plym Valley. Managed by the National Trust, the woods offer access to the river, some fabulous woodland walks and an abundance of natu..."
Spectacular Views Over Plymouth Sound* Lounge With Stunning Views* Modern Kitchen/Breakfast Room* Video Tour Available* Garage & Off Road Parking* Well Kept Garden With Views* 5 Bedrooms* Dining room* Bathroom & 2  Ensuites* Viewing Adv...
"Residential development site with outline planning permission for the erection of up to 25no. dwellings, together with associated infrastructure works. The site extends, in total, to approximately 2.84-acres (1.15-hectares). "
"Guide £750,000 - £795,000 | 3D Tour available on request | Popular & convenient location of Merafield, Plympton | Luxury appointed kitchen/breakfast room | 3 Reception Rooms | 7 Bedrooms | 2 En-suites, 2 family bathrooms & 2 separate WC's | Further attic room with potential for..."
"A beautiful DETACHED, 1930's TRISCOTT built family home boasting FOUR BEDROOMS, a STUDY, beautiful front and rear GARDENS, DRIVEWAY for multiple cars, ORIGINAL FEATURES throughout and a DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE but more impressively situated in a HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER ROAD within Plympton!!"
"Situated in the popular residential area of Mannamead Lang Town and Country are delighted to offer to the market ‘Glen Lodge’, this deceptively spacious and extensively renovated detached bungalow on a quiet, secluded south facing corner plot boasting spectacular panoramic views of..."
"An elegant Grade II listed semi-detached villa of generous proportions, with two reception rooms, four double bedrooms, a bespoke luxury fitted kitchen and delightful gardens all conveniently situated within a highly sought after Conservation Area with the additional benefit of a self-contained c..."
"A beautifully presented four double bedroom detached home located in Earlswood, Plymouth. Having been maintained to an exceptional standard, this property is a wonderful family home. With open plan kitchen/diner with access onto a balcony which over looks the rear garden, utility room, a great ..."
"**LUXURIOUS DETACHED FAMILY HOME IN DERRIFORD** Dunraven Drive is home to this luxurious, and uniquely extended detached family home. The property has been completely redesigned, to give a light, airy and versatile feel making it suitable for all uses . If you like to entertain or have ..."
"""Powisland Drive"" is without doubt one of the most desirable and sought-after avenues within the city and has a wonderful array of individual detached quality homes. The property is situated in a popular Northern suburb with an excellent range of local facilities including the nearby..."
"A VERY WELL PRESENTED DETACHED 4 DOUBLE BEDROOM, MASTER EN-SUITE, BARN CONVERSION with STYLISH LARGE OPENPLAN KITCHEN, DINING AND LIVING ROOM SPACE benefitting from a GARAGE, PARKING and LOVELY GARDEN GROUNDS in the POPULAR RURAL AREA of PLYMPTON."
A BEAUTIFUL and CHARMING detached BARN CONVERSION known as The Granary is nestled on the outskirts of Plympton and in the middle of the South Hams. Its RURAL position offers TRANQUILITY and SPACE. Boasting ORIGINAL FEATURES this property has FAR REACHING VIEWS and sits on an IMPRESSIVE PLOT.
"GUIDE PRICE £700,000 - £725,000 A most well presented extended modern detached house, believed to have been built in the 1960's, maintained and improved buy the present owners, providing a most spacious comfortably appointed family home offering flexibility of layout and usage. Having the potenti..."
"A VERY WELL PRESENTED CHARACTER 7 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED VICTORIAN HOUSE with EN-SUITE, EXTENDED KITCHEN / DINING ROOM, UTILITY, 3 RECEPTION ROOMS, REAR COURTYARD and FRONT GARDEN in the EXTREMELY SOUGHT AFTER ROAD of THORN PARK, MANNAMEAD."
"Beautiful Grade II* Listed Duplex apartment with private south facing gardens, three double bedrooms and superb panoramic views of Plymouth Sound & Promenade. With large kitchen, plethora of period features, two bathrooms & no onward chain."
"Waterside Office - Being offered to the market with vacant possession and no onward chain, Lang Town and Country are delighted to present this beautiful top floor duplex penthouse which is spread over the 4th and 5th floors.
"
"Beautiful waterside four bedroom townhouse with stunning views and access to a slipway. This sizeable residence boasts a thirty foot garage, carport and private parking space, rear garden and front veranda with waterside views, a utility room, four bathrooms and is immaculately presented."
Executive style detached house I Potential to extend (STP) | Integral Double garage | Generous proportions | Level rear garden | Master bedroom with balcony and en-suite | 
"This substantial detached property is beautifully tucked away to the end of a quiet cul de sac standing on an incredibly generous corner plot which is well maintained and landscaped, south facing, and enjoying breath-taking views across the surrounding countryside."
"Rarely available & superbly presented, Grade II listed family dwelling with a double garage & level rear gardens. Set over four floors, this characterful Georgian town house is oozing with charm & character throughout. Complete with a self contained, one bedroom apartment underneath."
"Exquisite Victorian family home, with south facing gardens, a plethora of period features, three reception rooms & potential for further development. With four double bedrooms, two bathrooms, front and rear gardens, double garage, stable block with garden, kitchenette & utility room & ample off ..."
"Video tour Available* Grade II Listed* Stunning Large Gardens* Close To Excellent Schooling & Local Amenties* Many Character Features* Double Garage & Workshop* Ample Off Road Parking* Utility Room* 3 Reception Rooms* 4 Bedrooms* Bathroom & Ensuite* Dressing Room* Downstairs WC*
"
"We are delighted to offer to the market this fine opportunity to acquire a former 16 bedroom care home set in the desirable residencial area of Hartley. Evergreen is conveniently located within the popular residential area of Mannamead, allowing easy access to Derriford Hospital and the A38."
"An 8 bed STUDENT INVESTMENT property with the additional BONUS of 2 x 1 bed flats. Currently FULLY LET with an RENTAL INCOME of £58,716 and RE-LET for 2023/2024 with an increased RENTAL INCOME of £67,226. Prime location, right opposite UNIVERSITY campus, great rooms, and immaculately pr..."
"A Grade ll listed family home offering versatile and flexible living accommodation. This spacious period property has been beautifully maintained by the current owners and would make a wonderful home for a growing family. Externally, College House benefits from a west facing courtyard which provi..."
"A superb 12 bed STUDENT INVESTMENT property located in a PRIME POSITION right opposite PLYMOUTH UNIVERSITY. FULLY LET for 2022/23 with a RENTAL INCOME of £56,832, INCREASING to an INCOME of £68,496 for 2023/24. Arranged over 4 floors, PARKING and offers an exceptional standard of accom..."
Luxury barn conversion | Underfloor heating throughout | Quiet but convenient rural location | 3 Bedrooms (master en-suite) | Full Fibre Connection | Garage and parking | Private garden and communal 3.5 acre field | EPC E53
" Waterside Office . Video Tour Available.Breath Taking Waterside Apartment* 3 Bedrooms (One With Ensuite)* Utility Room* Sun Terrace* Spacious Living Room* Close To Amenities* Viewing Recommended* Modern Kitchen* Video Tour Available* Family Bathroom
"
9 bedroom fully let HMO currently configured as 8 en suite bedrooms.
"Dating back from 1810 is this uniquely adapted period abode which provides living accommodation set over three floors, spanning an approximate floor area of 3,774sq ft. This monumental residence offers 4 high end self-contained holiday letting apartments but also offers the versatility of being u..."
Executive Style Detached House | Double garage and driveway | End of exclusive cul-de-sac of similar homes | High degree of privacy and presentation | No onward chain | Master with en-suite
"Magnificent penthouse apartment with exceptional panoramic views over Plymouth Hoe, Plymouth Sound & Drakes Island. Occupying a top corner plot, with two secure underground parking spaces. Viewing highly advised."
"We are delighted to share an exciting investment opportunity located in the beautiful city of Plymouth. The property is a stunning period building that has been recently restored to its former glory, consisting of five self-contained one-bedroom apartments and one studio. Located on Pl..."
"A superb detached family home situated at the end of a small cul de sac in this HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION. Features include generous parking, a detached HAIR SALON/HOME OFFICE, FIVE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, four bathrooms, stunning re-designed kitchen/breakfast room, Wonderful entertaining VERANDA WIT..."
"WELCOME TO THE LAUNCH OF PHASE 3 AT STANBOROUGH PARK ELBURTON.  This development began in February 2021, the first two phases are now exchanged, and nearing completion and we have the pleasure in showing the next phase available for you to buy.  Phase three has three plots, 8, 9 and ..."
"This magnificent and imposing Tudor style home sits proudly on a substantial surrounding plot, set a fair distance back in its grounds and therefore boasts supreme curb-appeal. The five bedroom detached residence has been adapted, extended and fully renovated in recent years and now offers immens..."
"Beautiful, single level, eighth floor apartment with panoramic south westerly views over Plymouth Sound & Cornwall. Complete with a large balcony, secure underground parking, main en-suite & open plan living space."
"Six Bedroom Detached Family Home. A fine example of a family home offering versatile and flexible living. Situated in the charming village of Lutton. Located not too far from thriving towns of Plymouth and Exeter. This home offers flexible, multi-generational living. With ample driveway..."
"Dovecote Barn is a hidden gem, located in Hardwick Farm, which is a small residential hamlet, and it offers uninterrupted views across Plympton St Maurice and beyond. Converted into a residential dwelling from an agricultural building between approximately 1992 and 1995, this three bedroom pro..."
"GUIDE PRICE £600,000 - £625,000. Impressive well presented period built late Victorian terraced house, 4 storeys, attractive original & characterful period features. 2 reception rooms, 22ft kitchen/breakfast room, 7 bedrooms, bathroom/wc & shower room/wc. Basement rooms including a large useabl..."
"*Guide Price - £600,000 - £650,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this generously proportioned and highly versatile mixed use building, located within the heart of Stoke Village. This fantastic and rarely available investment opportunity presents both an array of groun..."
"Situated in a sought after location close to Elburton Village is this SPACIOUS four bedroom semi-detached house. Offering a good amount of living space with fantastic sized bedrooms, two bathrooms, BRIGHT & AIRY lounge leading to a BALCONY, ample PARKING, DOUBLE GARAGE, front and rear GARDENS."
"Beautifully-presented & sympathetically modernised double-fronted period home in the Mannamead area. The accommodation comprises an entrance hallway, sitting room, dining room, study/playroom, kitchen/breakfast room & wet room on the ground floor. On the lower ground floor is the basement with it..."
"A beautiful substantial detached family home. Open plan south facing living area, contemporary kitchen, south facing terrace, four double bedrooms (master en suite), family bathroom, games room, utility, parking, garage, large garden, GCH, PVCu D/G"
"*DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM HOUSE IN DESIRABLE STOGGY LANE* Fully fitted kitchen, utility room, Sun lounge, Main lounge and separate dining room, Four double bedrooms with an en-suite to master bedroom, Family bathroom and downstairs w.c., Extensive front and private rear gardens, Driveway and garage."
"At almost 2,000 sq ft, the Colcutt is a considerable family home. You'll love its generous layout, flexibility, and its ability to meet the varying demands of family life. A kitchen, dining and family room extends across the back of the home. With two windows and French doors providi..."
"Spacious 3 storey Victorian mid-terraced house, ugraded & improved. Having quality uPVC double glazing & gas central heating. The property retains a variety of original & characterful period features. On the ground floor with lounge, 2nd reception room, wc & 30' modern fitted kitchen/dining ro..."
**GRADE 2 LISTED GEORGIAN PROPERTY BURSTING WITH CHARACTER** This beautiful Grade 2 listed property was built in 1827 and sits within the Earl Of Edgcumbe Estate. Originally owned by a sea captain this expansive family home boasts a stunning versitale layout spanning across four floors....
"*Guide Price £575,000 - £595,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale a fantastic opportunity to acquire an established investment property, perfect for any budding investor or to add to an established portfolio. The property comprises two ground floor retail units, which bo..."
"Stunning detached family home set within walking distance of Notre Dame School and Derriford Hospital. Spacious living areas with large kitchen-breakfast room and separate utility room, four bedrooms, two bathrooms and planning consent to extend further if desired with annexe potential. Beautiful..."
"This three bedroom apartment is part of this new development situated within Sutton Harbour offering spectacular South Westerly views across the ever-popular Harbour, towards The Barbican and The Hoe and beyond to Plymouth Sound.With balconies and sizeable picture windows designed to enhance and ..."
"A four-storey Georgian town house, dating from the late 1700s, which includes a charming south facing stone walled garden, and commands beautiful long views to countryside."
We are delighted to offer this beautiful family home in a great residential area. This immaculate four-bedroom detached property has a fantastic west facing rear garden and its own woodland. Derriford is situated in the north of Plymouth close to Derriford Hospital and only five miles from Ply...
"Guide Price £550,000 - £600,000 A spacious 1960's extended detached house. Over the last 13 years the property has been extensively improved and now provides a most well presented and comfortable appointed home. Large lounge/dining room, kitchen & breakfast room, utility, built like a conservator..."
"This extended, detached home sits on a good-sized corner plot within Derriford and boasts a driveway with space four vehicles along with a double garage. Internally the property comprises, entrance porch and hallway, good sized lounge, a large and versatile family home, dining area, kitchen, util..."
**NEW BUILD** STUNNING ARCHITECT DESIGNED 4 BEDROOM 3 BATHROOM HOUSE WITH ELECTRIC GATED ENTRANCE SITUATED WITHIN TAMERTON FOLIOT *PART EXCHANGE CONSIDERED* **NO CHAIN**
"Superbly-presented detached executive-style home in a highly sought-after location with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance hall, dual aspect lounge, separate formal dining room & superbly fitted kitchen/breakfast room. There is also a separate utility & downstairs cloakroom/wc. The uppe..."
"***NEW PRICE MUST SEE*** This stunning four double bedroom detached property sits on enviable plot within one of Plympton's most sought after addresses. The property has a double width driveway, owned solar panels, three reception rooms and a very sunny South facing garden. It also has a l..."
"This exceptional detached bungalow is positioned on a large plot, measuring approximately a third of an acre, and has been extended by the current owners to offer a spacious home. The accommodation comprises: entrance porch, hallway, lounge, dining room, sun room, kitchen, utility, four good size..."
"Nestled away in one of the most desirable cul-de-sacs in Plympton is this extended, spacious, detached family home with a garage & brick-paved driveway. The accommodation briefly comprises hallway, lounge, dining room, study, cloakroom, open plan family room/kitchen, utility, 4 bedrooms, ensuite ..."
"This three bedroom family home is located in the heart of Hartley and will be sure to suit a growing family. The property is set over two floors, offering spacious living accommodation throughout. The entrance level Comprises a home office, perfect for those who work remotely as well as a generou..."
"*** DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME OVER THREE STOREYS CLOSE TO AMENITIES AND WELL-LOCATED ***
This lovely property needs to be seen to be appreciated, the accommodation comprises entrance hall, lounge, study/bedroom four, cloakroom, downstairs to huge open plan kitchen diner, upstairs to three ..."
"Aspire Estate Agents are proud to present this large five bedroom period home, steeped in character and charm which is situated in the vibrant area of Stoke Damerel, meters away from several parks, an abundance of shops, cafés, schools and much more. Accommodation comprises: Ground floor - por..."
"A superbly presented characterful home being an original period built cottage which has undergone major upgrading, improvement & refurbishment together with substantial extension. Works undertaken in a style sympathetic and in keeping with the period. Gas central heating & double glazing. Well-ap..."
The Ransford is a traditional style double fronted home with a flexible and contemporary layout
"FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED HOME Plot 18 - The Tamar - A village development of 28 two, three and four bedroom homes built to the latest modern standards of design. Barley Meadows is located adjacent open countryside yet only five miles from either the South Devon Coast or Plymouth City Centre."
"8 bed renovated fully let HMO with 3 shared bathrooms and rear access currently producing £41,040 pa with scope to increase."
"GUIDE PRICE £525,000 - £550,000 Well presented extended semi-detached house built c.1930. Quality fixtures and fittings throughout. Spacious reception hall, generous size lounge, separate dining room, large 'L' shaped spacious kitchen/breakfast room, utility room and downstairs wc, large attache..."
Deceptively spacious Georgian town house offering accommodation arranged over three floors. The property boasts private off road parking for a number of vehicles along with substantial gardens located to the rear of the property. This home would appeal to those looking for a convenient and centra...
"Situated on Widewell Road, Widewell, we are pleased to be showing this stunning executive detached family home. The property boasts a stunning kitchen / dining room, utility room, garage and a huge rear garden. An internal viewing is highly recommended."
"A spacious detached 4 bedroom family home built c.1973 owned by the present owners for many years, looked after well, maintained and upgraded. Offering generously proportioned light and airy accommodation laid out over two storeys. Having the benefit of quality uPVC double glazing and gas fired ..."
"This beautiful property is sat in the heart of the ever popular area of Beacon Park and combines a mixture of contemporary living accommodation and stylish, well established business premises. The property has been decorated to a high standard throughout and offers a spacious lounge wi..."
"Situated in one of the most sought after and desirable areas within the city, this fabulous, beautifully presented and extended semi-detached residence which was built in about 1933. This utterly delightful family home has been thoughtfully renovated, remodelled, and extended
"
Stone-built period detached house set within large gardens approaching 1/3 of an acre. The property requires full updating & developing & comes with approved planning permission for a hip-to-gable roof conversion. Once completed the accommodation will cover 3 storeys providing approximately 2000 ...
"A charming four bedroom period family home offering approximately 2,405 sq ft of accommodation over four floors. The property is situated moments away from The Hoe with its beautiful far reaching views of the Plymouth sound. Freehold. Tax Band C. EPC D."
Five Bedroom Charater Home with Detached Barn. A superb Grade II Listed family home. The property offers spacious & flexible accommodation. Set within the heart of Plympton St Maurice within walking distance to the centre of Plympton. The property has retained an abundance of origin...
"Lang Town and Country are pleased to offer this impressive, classic, semi-detached house located in the prime, popular residential area of Hartley.
"
"Well-presented detached family home in a sought-after cul-de-sac location with an enclosed south-facing rear garden & a double garage. The accommodation briefly comprises a beautifully-fitted kitchen/dining room, lounge & separate dining room, conservatory, snug, utility room, downstairs wc, 4 be..."
"Desmond & Co are delighted to offer this vastly extended four bedroom detached property to the market. Beautifully appointed on a large plot offering ample parking, great size rear garden and within a short walk of the Broadway the property also benefits from a substantial work shop as wel..."
"Guide Price £500,000 - £550,000 | Georgian end terrace town house | Large barn ideal for use as studio/workshop/small business office/storage/annexe space (stp) I Garage | 5 bedrooms | 4 bathrooms"
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £550,000 Individually designed detached property which has been extended and enjoys four double bedrooms, large lounge spacious kitchen /dining room, with exposed beamed ceiling with additional down lighting, two bathrooms and a very large Cellar Works..."
"Lang Town and Country are pleased to present to the market this gated detached four-bedroom residence tucked away down a private driveway in the popular sought after residential area of Beacon Park close to highly-regarded schooling, the green open spaces of Central Park and local amenit..."
"This popular style property is nestled within one of Crownhill's most exclusive roads, is the former show home from when the estate was developed and offers versatile and free-flowing accommodation.
"
"GUIDE PRICE £500,000 - £550,000 An attractively designed detached house dating back to the 1920's, retaining a variety of characterful and period features, and these complimented by modern conveniences of double glazing, gas central heating etc. The well proportioned accommodation including porch..."
"This fabulous family home is set within the sought after area of Elburton and offers an abundance of space as well as benefitting from four well-proportioned bedrooms. The ground floor comprises an office space, two double bedrooms, a utility and snug area as well as access to its very own enclos..."
"Four bedroom executive, detached residence in a quiet cul-de-sac with countryside views. Lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility rm, sun rm, conservatory, 4 bedrooms, en suite, shower rm, front & rear gardens, dble garage & driveway, PVCu DG, GCH"
"Local Area The Mountbatten peninsula is situated on the Eastern shore of Plymouth Sound, and next to the mouth of the river Plym.  The approximately 4 miles long and wide Plymouth Sound is famous for being one of the best natural harbours in the country, and hosts several national and int..."
"Guide Price £500,000 - £525,000 | Detached barn conversion | Accommodation on one level | Beautiful private garden with stunning countryside views | 2 Double bedrooms | 2 Bathrooms (one en-suite) | Open plan living accommodation | Garage | Private parking and visitors parking | Communal..."
"Extended detached family home situated in this tucked-away position in a highly sought-after location within Elburton. The property sits on a level plot with a south-facing rear garden. The accommodation comprises an entrance hall, downstairs cloakroom/wc, integral access to the garage, lounge, e..."
"Situated within an IMPRESSIVE CORNER PLOT IN A QUIET CUL DE SAC, with SOLAR PANELS, ENCLOSED gardens, an OUTDOOR POOL With Air Source Heat Pump, Detached ANNEX With Shower Room and 42 FT GARAGE/WORKSHOP. Internally the property is IMMACULATE and boasts a HIGH END kitchen with BREAKFAST ISLAND!!"
"Superbly-presented detached house situated in this highly sought-after location with views over the nature reserve. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance & inner hallway, downstairs cloakroom/wc, bay-fronted lounge & separate dining room, study & an open-plan kitchen/breakfast room with..."
"Superbly-presented executive style detached family home situated in this quiet tucked-away position. The accommodation comprises an entrance hall, bay-fronted lounge, downstairs cloakroom/wc & an incredible open-plan full-width kitchen/dining/family room overlooking & leading onto the garden. On ..."
Individual detached property situated in this highly sought-after cul-de-sac within Elburton. The property sits within a large plot with southerly-facing gardens. To the rear of the property there is an open-plan kitchen/dining room leading to a large walk-out balcony providing fantastic far-reac...
"Superb, detached, modern family home in a tucked-away position in a highly desirable location, briefly comprising an entrance hall with downstairs cloakroom, bay-fronted lounge & separate dining room, kitchen/breakfast room with a separate utility, additional study, 4 bedrooms, family bathroom, m..."
"****LUXURY APARTMENT, AVAILABLE NOW**** Spanning over 2,591 sq. ft of investment is this substantial 3 storey building which offers 3 luxury apartments upon one tittle. Being offered to the market with tenants in situ, providing a dependable return of £2,400pcm. The property offer..."
"Situated in this prime popular residential area of Mannamead which together with nearby Hartley provides for an excellent range of local amenities, services, parks and good schooling. This substantial semi-detached property which is believed to be built in the 1930’s offers modern and ex..."
"Superbly-presented extended detached dormer bungalow situated at the end of this quiet little cul-de-sac in the waterside village of Oreston. Briefly, the accommodation comprises an entrance hall, open-plan kitchen/breakfast room with a separate utility, lounge with wood burner & an open-plan sit..."
"A stunning four double bedroom detached house offering spacious accommodation throughout, with a fantastic private level rear garden, making this the perfect family home"
"GUIDE PRICE £475,000 - £500,000 A well-presented semi-detached house offering flexibility of layout & usage. Currently a spacious family home which has in the past been remodelled & extended & can potentially be sub-divided if desired to create a self-contained annexe. Also suited to provide hom..."
"The Lutyens is a beautiful double fronted, three storey, five bedroom family home. Featuring a spacious living room with French doors leading to the garden, a large open plan kitchen/dining area and a study; it really accommodates the whole family. In addition, there is a utility and d..."
"This unique and particularly spacious detached property occupies a substantial corner plot and has been remodelled and modernised by the current owners. Internally the accommodation currently offers bay fronted lounge which could also make a potential fourth bedroom, a stunning re-fitted kitchen/..."
"Executive five bedroom property - Highly desirable location within Sherford - Parking for two cars with garage - South facing garden - Beautifully presented throughout - Stunning Kitchen/diner/family room - Spacious lounge - Cloakroom, bathroom & three ensuite bathrooms - Ideal family home"
"An extremely rare opportunity to acquire this truly magnificent Grade II* Listed detached residence, set within the grounds of Ford Park Cemetery. An internal viewing is strongly recommended to fully appreciate this unique property."
"Guide Price £475,000 - £500,000 A 17th/18th century warehouse conversion with some 3700 sq. ft. accommodation, with quality fixtures and fittings, and many period features, spacious with 75ft long hall with bar, 28ft sitting/dining room, 29ft bespoke fitted kitchen/breakfast room with appliances,..."
"Superb & elegant Victorian family home, full of period features with three reception rooms, large courtyard garden & a large, double garage. Complete with Five double bedrooms & two bathrooms."
"*Semi-Detached Three Storey House *6 Bedrooms *2 Reception Rooms *Popular & Sought After Area *Double Garage *Garden *Gas CH & uPVC Double Glazing * Fitted Kitchen *Bathroom & Ensuite 
"
"Home 323 has country park views! The Lutyens is a beautiful double fronted, three storey, five bedroom family home. Featuring a spacious living room with French doors leading to the garden, a large open plan kitchen/dining area and a study; it really accommodates the whole family. In a..."
"A four bedroom detached bungalow in this HIGHLY DESIRABLE location. Features include a MASTER EN SUITE, air conditioning, OWNED SOLAR PANELS, generous parking, car port and garage, WORKSHOP, all weather entertaining space, PVCU double glazing and gas central heating."
"Set in the highly desirable location of Sherford, is this immaculate semi-detached property that is arranged over three floors, with high ceilings, spacious living accommodation and sash windows throughout. Built only 2 years ago, with 8 years NHBC warranty remaining and benefits from a south fac..."
"COMING SOON – a selection of 6 three-bedroom apartments in this new development situated within Sutton Harbour offering spectacular South Westerly views across the ever-popular Harbour, towards The Barbican and The Hoe and beyond to Plymouth Sound.With balconies and sizeable picture windows desig..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £325,000 TO £350,000 *** The current owners of this exquisite home have injected a palette of vibrant colours and used varying textures throughout to make an incredible example of just what can be done to make a period property a light and fun family home whi..."
"Grade II listed Georgian family home comprising four bedrooms (two with en-suites), three reception rooms, modern fitted kitchen and utility room. Bedroom One also has the added bonus of having a walk-in dressing room. With a blend of modern and period features, early viewing is strongly advised!"
"Cross Keys Estates are extremely proud to present this truly one-of-a-kind property situated within the heart of the ever popular area known as Lower Compton, just a short distance away from Plymouth City Centre. The property has been beautifully modernised throughout to a high standard and in a ..."
"Detached house located in the popular village of Elburton with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance hall, kitchen/dining room, lounge, dining room, conservatory, utility room, downstairs cloakroom/wc, 5 bedrooms, 2 of which are ensuite plus a family shower room & study. Off-road parking, ..."
"Superb investment opportunity! Clever Estate Agents are delighted to offer to market a selection of 8 Studio Apartments located within Marvell House dedicated to Student living. Excellent potential yields, new lease with 247 years remaining, £300 PA ground rents. Parking is available by request. ..."
"This deceptively large detached family home is positioned in the sought after area of Derriford. The extensive accommodation comprises: entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen/dining room, lounge, conservatory, utility room, lobby, hobbies room, ground floor bedroom, three first floor bedrooms and a mo..."
DC Lane are extremely proud to introduce to the market this elegant Georgian detached residence within the iconic Grade II listed development ‘The Millfields’ set within landscaped grounds on the former site of the Royal Naval Hospital. The historic buildings and grounds are surrounded by the ori...
"Desirable Residential Location* 5 Bedroom Detached Family Home* Downstairs WC* Utility Room* Integral Garage* Family Bathroom & Separate Shower Room* Off Road Parking* Generous Sized rear Garden* Close To Local Amenities* Video Tour Available*
"
"Charming Converted Cider Press Barn with many Character Features, Three Bedrooms, Living Room and Mezzanine Study, Garden, Garage and Parking, Countryside Views.."
"Set over three storeys, the Ripley is the perfect family home. A large kitchen/dining room forms the heart of the home and the ground floor also features a similarly separate living room. Four bedrooms, one with an en suite and a family bathroom are located on the first floor, while a ..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire an extended mid-terraced period cottage/restaurant currently trading as 'Just Williams' plus deceptive living space opening onto a private secluded rear garden. The accommodation briefly comprises a reception/bar area leading through to the main dining room, a genero..."
"This exquisitely presented four bedroom home situated in Mount Batten has undergone an extensive transformation over the past few years and the end result is truly special. The entire layout of the property has been altered to cater for families, and is incredibly versatile, offering potential fo..."
"*Guide Price - £450,000 - £475,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this stunning executive style detached home located within the highly sought after and respected area of Hartley Vale. This wonderful family home has undergone a thorough program of refurbishment and now..."
"A beautifully presented detached property in a highly sought after location benefiting from low maintenance landscaped gardens, Hall, Lounge/Diner, Kitchen, Utility, Cloakroom, 4 Dble Bedrooms, En Suite, Bathroom, Garage & Driveway, PVC DG, GCH"
"*** MODERN FAMILY LIVING DOESN'T GET ANY BETTER THAN THIS! ***
This impeccably-presented and vastly-extended family home ticks every box! Accommodation comprises hall/reception room, cloakroom and storage, lounge, family room, HUGE dining kitchen, garage, landing, three bedrooms, master bedroom w..."
Immaculately presented 4 bedroom detached home | 2 Reception rooms | Fitted kitchen with integrated appliances | Separate utility room/cloakroom | Master with en-suite shower room | Family bathroom | Delightful rear garden | Garage/store & driveway | uPVC double glazing & gas central heat...
"With its spacious living areas, aspects of open plan living and considerable light, the Pembroke is a beautiful home, perfectly designed for the flow of family life. The kitchen/dining room which stretches across the broad width of the property will quickly become the heart of your hom..."
"Lang Town and Country and delighted to offer to the market this fantastic semi-detached house which has been extended twice to create an extremely versatile family home. The property which was once a former Doctors surgery occupies a popular location in the residential area of Hartley, close t..."
"Incredibly-designed detached family bungalow with an exceptional contemporary open-plan living space/dining room with lovely views over the gardens towards countryside & Dartmoor. In addition there are 3 double bedrooms, shower room & a utilised garage providing a wc & work room. Driveway. Garden..."
"*** IN SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION, CLOSE TO DERRIFORD HOSPITAL AND NORTH PLYMOUTH LINKS, THIS STUNNING EXTENDED FOUR/FIVE BEDROOMED DETACHED HOME IS A FABULOUS FAMILY HOME. ***
Accommodation in brief: entrance hall, study/bedroom five, lounge, dining room/kitchen, utility room, shower room, family roo..."
This beautifully presented detached property has undergone a sensational transformation from top to bottom and has now been finished to a luxurious standard. The three-story property is in the much sought-after bustling village of Tamerton Foliot and is just a short drive from the centre of Plymo...
"Superb Victorian Family home with flexible living accommodation, plethora of period features & ample space throughout. Complete with south facing gardens, en-suite, kitchen/breakfast room & so much more. Viewing is essential."
"Rarely available, second floor apartment with panoramic South facing views over the city, Stonehouse Peninsula, Royal William Yard & Plymouth Sound. With two allocated parking spaces, large balcony, open plan living space & no onward chain."
"Superbly-located older-style detached bungalow with a southerly-facing rear garden with fabulous views. The accommodation briefly comprises a hallway, lounge leading through to an open-plan kitchen/dining room with bi-folding doors leading to the garden. There are 4 double bedrooms, 3 with ensuit..."
"Immaculate show home standard family home, complete with private landscaped rear gardens, ample off road parking & a garage. Complete with main en-suite, open plan kitchen/breakfast room & newly installed bathroom. Viewing highly recommended."
"Guide Price £450,000 - £475,000 Spacious & well presented 1940 built semi-detached house. Porch, reception hall, downstairs wc, lounge, dining room, conservatory, kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, four bedrooms, ensuite, bathroom. Private drive. Good sized garage. South westerly facing enclos..."
"WATERSIDE OFFICE*   Video Tour Available*  Many Character Features*  Spacious 2 Bedroom Apartment* Good Size Sitting Room/Dining Room* Modern Kitchen* Showeroom* Close To Local Amenities* A Must View Property* EPC Not Required* Separate WC*
"
"This charming four bedroom property was built more than 350 years ago blending characterful and modern finishes. The current owner has renovated the property to a standard of luxury, oozing class throughout. The ground floor comprises a spacious living room, with exposed wood beams and a feature ..."
"**ANNEXE** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** This 'Stanbury' built detached family home is situated on a good sized corner plot in Colebrook, Plympton. The property has been extended to provide a separate annexe which could be used for extended family or older children. The main accommodation compris..."
"This three bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next exciting phase, bringing together contemporary living and all the benefits of being located in the award winning Mount Wise. With a commanding position adjacent to the cricket pitch, the new homes will offer high quality finishe..."
"Superb duplex apartment offering panoramic views over Plymouth Sound & Hoe. Complete with a recently installed kitchen & shower room, with two double bedrooms, main en-suite, secure underground car park & private rear terrace."
"A beautifully appointed, spacious detached, family home in a desirable cul de sac. Hall, Sitting Room, Dining Room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Cloakroom, Double Garage, Four Bedrooms, En Suite, Family Bathroom, Landscaped South Facing Garden, No Chain"
"Tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac with countryside views to the rear is this extended, well-presented 4/5 bedroom detached family home with garage & off-road parking for 2 cars. The versatile accommodation comprises an entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room, kitchen, conservatory, study ar..."
Beautifully refurbished and extended three bedroom detached bungalow - Highly desirable address within Derriford - large garage & driveway - Private and south facing rear garden - Cloakroom & four piece bathroom - Utility - Stunning open plan lounge/kitchen/diner - Finished to a high standard
"Situated in the popular Flectcher development in the heart of Plymstock is this beautifully presented detached bungalow. The property is in close proximity to a wide range of local amenities including The Broadway Shopping Centre, doctor & dentist surgeries and regular public transport lin..."
*Popular Fletcher Built Family Home  *Southerly Facing Rear Garden  *New fibre glass roof fitted to extension *Ample Off Road Parking  *4/5 Bedrooms  *Bathroom & Ensuite  *Utility Room  *Garage/Store  *Fantastic Far Reaching Views  *Well Kept Rear Ga...
This remarkable period property is as captivating in its magnitude as it is in its abundance of original character features and wealth of charm. There is far more here than may first appear as the property has been intelligently separated to allow for a large family home and a further two story o...
"Home 325 has country park views! With its spacious living areas, aspects of open plan living and considerable light, the Pembroke is a beautiful home, perfectly designed for the flow of family life. The kitchen/dining room which stretches across the broad width of the property will qui..."
"This lavishly presented period home is positioned just a stone’s throw from Central Park within a hidden and private residential cul-de-sac and is being sold with no onward chain. The magnificent detached property has undergone a staggering transformation, and what once was a tired and negl..."
"STUNNING STOKE PROPERTY! A unique opportunity to acquire this one of a kind end terrace house, arranged over FOUR FLOORS, with far reaching SEA VIEWS and OFF ROAD PARKING, plus the added bonus of NO ONWARD CHAIN! Please call Fox & Sons at your earliest convenience."
"A beautifully appointed, semi detached 1930's home in a highly desirable, convenient location. Hallway, Sitting Room, Dining Room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Cloakroom, Three Bedrooms, Bathroom, Shower Room, Gardens, Swimming Pool, Garage, GCH, PVCu DG"
"GUIDE £425,000 to £450,000 I Well presented Victorian semi-detached cottage | Far reaching countryside views to Dartmoor | Quiet hamlet in easy reach of the A38 and Plymouth | No onward chain |"
"*** YIELD OF OVER 8%!!!! AN EXCITING OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE A FREEHOLD BUILDING CURRENTLY SPLIT INTO FIVE INDIVIDUAL FLATS WITH TENANTS IN SITU ***
Currently generating a yield of over 8%, this is a super prospect for an investor, either experienced or just starting out. A good going concern ."
"**ONE OFF PRICE FOR OUR UPCOMING OPEN HOME EVENT** This five bedroom period family home is set within Stoke, a stone’s throw away from the dockyard. The property has been presented to an immaculate standard by the current owners and will be sure to impress any buyer. The ground floor offers..."
"Beautifully-presented detached bungalow with fantastic off-road parking & tandem double garages. The property is within walking distance of the Ridgeway shopping area, with spacious accommodation comprising an entrance vestibule & hall, lounge, kitchen, utility & conservatory/dining room with 2 b..."
"Guide Price £425,000 - £450,000 | Detached family home | Located in quiet cul-de-sac | 1/2 Reception rooms | Fitted kitchen with integrated appliances | 3/4 Double bedrooms | Family shower room | Downstairs cloakroom | Garage | Front & rear gardens | uPVC double glazing & gas ce..."
"Semi Detached house with five bedrooms (master with en-suite), lounge, conservatory, fitted kitchen, family bathroom, separate w.c. Externally the property benefits from having driveway parking which, in turn, leads to a double garage. The rear garden is laid to decking and a large paved area."
"Located on the popular ‘Fletcher Estate’ is this beautifully presented 2 bedroom detached bungalow with integral garage and workshop. The property has undergone a programme of refurbishment in recent years by it’s current owners and should be viewed.
"
"FIVE BEDROOMS (ONE WITH A DRESSING ROOM AND ONE WITH EN-SUITE), THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, TWO KITCHENS AND TWO BATHROOMS is what is on offer in this tastefully presented Mid Terrace home situated in the convenient location of Millbridge with its range of amenities and Victoria Park is close by!"
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** Located in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC this THREE bedroom END TERRACED family home benefits from a front garden and a FANTASTIC SIZED enclosed rear garden, GARAGE and DRIVEWAY. Close to GOOD SCHOOLS. main bus routes and A38 Devon Expressway. EPC: D."
*4 Bedrooms *Dressing Room and master Ensuite *Private Estate *Completion Due Summer 2023 *Garage & Parking *Downstairs WC *Utility room *Enclosed large rear Garden *Generous Size Living/Dining Room *Halo Wifi Controlled Smart System to increase energy efficiency *Fabulous Specificati...
"Majoring on a luxury city centre penthouse by the sea; just a five minute walk from the breath-taking Royal William yard, and a short distance to the famous Barbican where you are simply spoilt for choice with bars and restaurants. This contemporary apartment is without doubt one of the most extr..."
"This five bedroom period home boasts tremendous charm and character throughout, split over three floors the property offers space and versatility in abundance. The ground floor boasts two well-proportioned reception rooms, a downstairs Wc and an extensive kitchen / breakfast room to the rear with..."
"Occupying a delightful location within the Stoke Damerel Conservation Area, and close to the recently rejuvenated and revived Devonport Park where there is a bandstand, tennis courts, children's play area and café, is this recently upgraded, most deceptive and impressive family home..."
"Well-presented detached bungalow in a tucked-away cul-de-sac location. The accommodation briefly comprises kitchen/breakfast room, lounge/diner, 3 double bedrooms & 2 bathrooms. There is a double garage & a driveway providing off-road parking & wrap-around gardens providing beautiful far-reaching..."
"A spacious four double bedroom detached home within an EXCLUSIVE ENCLAVE of properties at the end of a sought after cul de sac. Features include a SOUTH FACING GARDEN, double garage, generous CELLAR/WORKSHOP and far reaching views "
"GUIDE £425,000 TO £450,000 I Stunning character cottage | Large garden backing onto fields (appox. 0.2 acre plot) with summer house | Edge of village location | Wealth of character features | Woodburner | Utility Room | Kitchen/diner | Outbuilding | Potential off-road parking | Possibi..."
"Plot 3-08 is a fantastic 3 bedroom apartment located within Teesra House the next phase of the Mount Wise development. This apartment offers panoramic views from the balcony across the city, Dartmoor and towards Plymouth Sound."
"A well presented and spacious, executive style detached property within a highly regarded location. Hall, Lounge/diner, Conservatory, Cloakroom, Kitchen, Utility, Four Double Bedrooms, En Suite, Bathroom, Level Gardens, Garage & Driveway, PVCu D/G, GCH"
"Superbly-presented detached chalet style property with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance hall, feature open-plan lounge/kitchen/dining room, separate utility with downstairs wc, 4 double bedrooms- 2 upstairs & 2 downstairs, & first floor luxury bathroom. Driveway & additional parking. ..."
"The Leverton is a highly desirable family home: traditional in its double-fronted exterior, but intelligently designed to meet the demands of 21st century life. An expansive kitchen/dining room runs from the front to the back of the property, providing a highly versatile open plan spac..."
"An extended 3 bedroom detached bungalow, tucked away within this extremely popular cul de sac. The property offers spacious accommodation to include an entrance hall, kitchen, living room, 3 bedrooms, dressing room, en suite shower room, bathroom an separate WC. Externally there are level gardens..."
"Waterside Office . Video Tour Available. Well Presented Two Bedroom Apartment* Breath Taking Views* Spacious Living Room With Water Views* Master Bedroom With Ensuite* Modern Kitchen* Family Bathroom* Good Size Balcony* Storage Cupboards* Allocated Parking* EPC B81
"
"The Heybrook is a striking 4 bedroom family home set over three floors, boasting an open plan kitchen, living and dining room on the ground floor. A separate reception room on the first floor along side the large en suite master bedroom with a further 3 bedrooms to the second floor. Fr..."
Aspire Estate Agents are delighted to present this exceptional 5-bedroom detached property situated in the highly sought-after area of Plympton. Accommodation comprises porch - hallway - cloakroom - living room - kitchen/diner - utility room - 3-double bedrooms - 2-single bedrooms - master bed...
"Starting Bid £400,000 Ready made investment! A rare opportunity to acquire this substantial property, representing a superb investment which is currently generating a gross annual yield of 9.9%. (£39,804 p/a). Arranged over 3 levels, this property provides accommodation in the fo..."
A COASTAL VILLAGE GEM Georgian detached cottage located in the popular village of Oreston. Spacious and versatile accommodation with potential to use as an annexe or holiday let or enjoy as a spacious family home.
"Detached house situated in this highly popular road within Plymstock. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall, downstairs wc, large dual aspect lounge, separate dual aspect dining room & a fitted kitchen leading to a uPVC double-glazed conservatory. On the first floor there are 3 bed..."
** ATTENTION LANDLORDS**. Current income of £2200 per month. The property is let until August 2023. A stunning end terrace home located in a prime position within the new town of Sherford. This four bedroom Georgian style home is comprised over three floors
"Located on Peverell Park Road, overlooking Central Park to the front is this substantial double fronted 4 bedroom family home with the added benefit of a former shop, now being sold as part of the property, offering the fantastic bonus of a home office, or to create a separate annex or to incorpo..."
"An exceptional link detached family home in a highly desirable sought after development. Entrance Hall, Cloakroom/Utility, Kitchen/Dining Room, Sitting Room, Five Bedrooms, Three bathrooms, Garage, Drive & Gardens, Triple Glazing, GCH & Solar Panels"
"**Offers In Excess Of £400,000** Stunning detached family home with double garage and driveway! This beautiful home is tucked away in a sought after cul-de-sac in the desirable location of Hartley Vale and is situated on a larger than average plot! The property is a red brick, det..."
"Hindhead Property is delighted to present this stunning example of late Georgian craftsmanship built circa 1830; this property still proudly boasts elegant period features. Now available for offers over £400,000 offered with no onward chain, this family house is a must-view. Originally a fo..."
"Located in a tucked away postion in the heart of Plymstock is this spacious 3 bedroom detached Bungalow. The property briefly comprises; Lounge, kitchen / diner, 2 double bedrooms, 2 en-suites, separate WC, Utility room, Bedroom 3 /office. private enclosed rear garden & driveway with gated entrance."
"EXTENDED and SPACIOUS semi-detached house in a popular area of Merafield near SALTRAM. Comprising of lounge and kitchen/diner, SEPARATE KITCHEN/UTILITY, FOUR DOUBLE bedrooms, MODERN family bathroom, ENSUITE. Beautiful rear SOUTH FACING garden, DRIVEWAY for 2 cars and GARAGE. Council Tax Band: B."
"A high specification, newly built, detached family home in a convenient location. Hall, cloakroom, open plan kitchen/diner, sitting room, four bedrooms (master en suite), integral garage, large driveway, enclosed gardens, GCH, PVCu D/G, 10 year warranty"
*** INVESTMENT PROPERTY *** Substantial three storey mid terraced property situated on Lipson Road overlooking Freedom Fields Park. Three spacious one bedroom self contained flats. This property is being sold with tenants in situ. No onward chain
"This substantial four bedroom detached family home offers space and versatility in abundance. The ground floor offers two well-proportioned reception rooms, both recently refurbished. A contemporary kitchen and a generous play area for children, as well as offering a further reception room which ..."
"Set within the ever popular area of Derriford is this well presented four bedroom detached home, nestled away in a quiet road. The current owners have presented the property to an immaculate standard to which many buyers desire when looking for their future home. The ground floor comprises two re..."
Nicely presented Victorian townhouse beautifully appointed on the tree lined Stuart Road the property is within walking distance of all amenities and Plymouth City Centre. Chain free
"*** IMPRESSIVE PLOT *** A fantastic DETACHED bungalow situated within a LARGE PLOT, with 2/3 BEDROOMS, a LONG DRIVEWAY, wonderful GARDEN all nestled within the heart of Plymstock. Call Fox & Sons today to arrange your viewing!!"
"*** Guide Price £400,000 - £450,000 ***
A recently updated large investment property.
This large bay fronted period property is situated within Mutley, the house is a short walk from Mutley Plain, Plymouth University and the City Centre. Upon inspection you will find an entrance vestibu..."
"*FULLY OWNED SOLAR PANELS* A simply stunning two bedroom detached bungalow which has been completely renovated throughout, creating modern and contemporary living accommodation. As you enter the property there is an entrance hall with oak doors throughout, with a large kitchen dining room with Bi..."
"*Guide Price - £400,000 - £425,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this beautifully presented and highly versatile Georgian townhouse, situated within the highly sought after area of Stoke. Located just outside the wonderful ""Stoke Village"" and it's abundance of amenities, t..."
Investment property let to students in strong secondary location close to city centre and the University campus
"Impressive first floor apartment with large open plan living space, panoramic views over the water, two large double bedrooms, main -suite & utility room. Viewing highly advised. No onward chain."
"A three-bedroom detached dormer bungalow, separate one-bedroom annex in a sought-after residential location. Lounge, dining rm, kitchen, en suite shower rm, bathrm, annex with living/bedroom area, shower rm & kitchen, garden, garage & driveway"
"***SUPERB INVESTMENT OR JUST A FAMILY HOME ? ***
Set in the heart of Stoke Village, this large house is currently used as a boarding house with a commercial unit at the bottom. Generating a yearly income of £36,500 in its current format, this accommodation is as versatile as it is profitable..."
"Superbly-presented modern detached house in a lovely position within Sherford. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall with downstairs cloakroom/wc, dual aspect lounge, open-plan dual aspect kitchen/dining room & separate utility. The first floor landing leads to 4 double bedrooms, f..."
"*** IMPRESSIVE SHERFORD HOME*** A gorgeous FOUR BEDROOM, SEMI-DETACHED family home with a BEAUTIFUL modern kitchen, SPACIOUS lounge, additional WC, SHOWER room and FAMILY BATHROOM, with an enclosed ROOF TERRACE and low maintenance REAR GARDEN with OFF ROAD PARKING. Call Fox & Sons today!!"
"Superbly located modern detached family home situated in this quiet tucked-away enclave with accommodation comprising an entrance hall with downstairs cloakroom/wc, bay-fronted lounge, extended dining room/conservatory overlooking the garden, kitchen with utility, 4 bedrooms, one of which occupyi..."
"Superbly-presented semi-detached family home with accommodation briefly comprising a spacious entrance hall, lounge, open-plan dual aspect kitchen/dining room & downstairs cloakroom/wc. The upper floors host 4 double bedrooms, large family bathroom, master ensuite shower room & top floor shower r..."
Located in a popular residential location on the boarder of the South Hams Countryside is this deceptively spacious extended four double bedroom detached family home. This fantastic property has a south facing garden backing on to the surrounding woodlands that provide access to Bovisand Beach...
"4 Bedrooms* Semi Detached Villa* Close To An Array Of Amenities* Modernisation & Improvement Required* Viewing Essential* South Facing Courtyard* Roof Terrace With Views* Character Features*
"
"Full of character this charming period property must be seen to be fully appreciated. Beautifully presented, the cottage subtly blends character features such as the log burners with modern styling including a fitted kitchen with granite worktops. Accommodation comprises: entrance porch, family roo"
"Detached dormer-style house with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance hall, triple aspect lounge, fitted kitchen, split-level study & dining room together with a downstairs shower room/wc. On the upper floors there are 3 double bedrooms & bathroom. Externally there is a driveway, garage &..."
"Desmond & Co are delighted to offer this beautiful barn conversion situated in Elburton to the market. Oozing character and charm the property offers great size living space with two large reception rooms, three bedrooms and three bathrooms.
"
Imposing Victorian House*  A Backwater Location*  Close To Many Local Facilities*   Wealth of Period Features*  4 Bedrooms*  Luxury Bathroom & Ensuite*  Off Road Parking 1/2 Cars*  Sunken &  Sheltered Patio Area*  Downstairs W...
RECENTLY UPDATED DETACHED DORMER BUNGALOW This three bedroom property is within easy reach of The Broadway shopping centre and bus links and benefits from having a level rear garden. The inside if the property has recently been modernised and offers a good size kitchen/diner with doors ...
"Superb Grade II listed apartment, situated in a historically renown building, with exquisite views over Mount Wise, Royal William Yard & Plymouth Sound. Occupying the south west facing corner, with two allocated parking spaces & an abundance of period features."
"Delightfully presented four bedroom detached family home in a popular area of Plymstock. Benefitting from spacious lounge, modern kitchen, utility room, conservatory, downstairs cloakroom, master bedroom with ensuite. The property is in a fantastic location central to schools and local amenities."
"*UPWARD CHAIN COMPLETE* - Situated in the sought after development of Sherford is this FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME, complete with an enclosed, private rear garden, a garage and an allocated parking space. The property is arranged over three floors, offering a flexible and well-proportioned layout. A..."
"We are proud to offer this Four Bedroom Georgian Mid Terrace House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £390,000 - £415,000*"
"EXECUTIVE DETACHED family home situated in a highly sought-after CUL-DE-SAC with accommodation comprising SPACIOUS lounge, MODERN kitchen, dining room, downstairs cloakroom, THREE DOUBLE bedrooms, MASTER EN-SUITE & family bathroom. GENEROUS SIZED ENCLOSED rear garden. DRIVEWAY and GARAGE."
"A delightful, detached bungalow in a wonderful TUCKED AWAY POSITION in a desirable cul de sac location, close to excellent amenities with DOUBLE GARAGE, generous driveway, master en suite, CONSERVATORY and beautifully finished throughout. "
"DC Lane are delighted to offer to the market this deceptively spacious and immaculately presented three bedroom link detached family home in the highly sought after location of Derriford in North Plymouth with close proximity to Derriford Hospital, superstores, excellent schooling and within easy..."
"A fantastic quirky detached elevated family home, that enjoys complete privacy, not overlooked by neighbours, situated on a 0.237 acres (0.111ha) plot. Located in close proximity to local schools and supermarkets, but far enough away, not to cause any disturbance. Accommodation comprises of entr..."
This substantial investment opportunity is arranged as three substantial two bedrooms flats and is located within a prime central location close to Plymouth's train station and university. Each flat is self-contained and benefits from their own private outside space. Plymouth homes advise an earl...
"Older-style detached double bay-fronted bungalow situated on a level plot close to central Plymstock. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance vestibule & hallway, bay-fronted lounge, separate dining room, kitchen, 2 double bedrooms & shower room. Front & rear gardens. Drive & garage. The ..."
"Guide price £375,000 - £400,000. Located in this exceptional location in the very heart of Crownhill, a short walk to all the shops and services on offer, is this detached 4 bedroomed bungalow. As you approach the property you will see that it sits nicely at the top of the main Crownh..."
"A spacious and well presented detached house enjoying Moorland views. Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Cloakroom, Shower Room, Four Double Bedrooms, En Suite, Family Bathroom, Gardens, Garage & Driveway, DG, GCH"
"*** IMPRESSIVE FAMILY HOME *** A lovely THREE BEDROOM, semi-detached home with a master ENSUITE, beautiful KITCHEN, MODERN shower room, SPACIOUS landings, SEPARATE LOUNGE and a beautiful REAR GARDEN with internal access to the GARAGE and DRIVEWAY! Call Fox & Sons today to arrange your viewing!!"
A spacious dormer style end terraced bungalow located within the popular Consort Village development. A sought after and desirable complex comprising of apartments and bungalows which date back circa.1994/95. Consort Village providing an excellent range of services and within the complex is a vi...
"**Agents Note**. Both available properties are still under construction. The predicted completion date will be circa March 2023. Images shown are CGI graphics. We are excited to introduce these two attractive detached homes, both unique properties coming to the market are currently in the middle ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 TO £400,000 This substantial property offers a great investment opportunity with a yield in excess of 6% . Set in a great central location within walking distance of both the city centre and the dockyard making it very popular and in demand to prospectiv..."
"Guide Price £375,000 to £399,950 | Superb Georgian end-of-terrace house | 3 double bedrooms (1 en-suite) | Open plan sitting & dining room | Kitchen & utility | Garage & garden | Countryside views | EPC F33 |"
"Believed to date back 500 years, this charming period cottage was originally a Coaching Inn and is now being offered for sale for the first time in 30 years. The current owners have extended the cottage to provide spacious family accommodation that comprises: entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, sep..."
"A superb front facing apartment located on the 6th floor of this landmark building, with panoramic views across Sutton Harbour, towards Mount Batten, Jennycliff, the South Hams coastline & Plymouth Sound. Complete with large south facing balcony & secure underground parking."
"Guide Price £375,000 - £400,000. A deceptively spacious detached house arranged over 4 storeys. Offering flexibility of layout & usage. On the ground floor reception hall, useful office/4th bedroom, spacious lounge to the rear overlooking the back garden. At lower ground floor a cloakroom/wc, s..."
"Superbly-positioned semi-detached family home occupying an elevated position, with lovely far-reaching countryside views. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall & kitchen/breakfast room opening into the lounge, dining room & shower room. Upstairs there are 4 double bedrooms, a dress..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a detached bungalow in the village of Lee Mill. The property has three double bedrooms, with master en suite, a good size lounge, family bathroom, and a kitchen diner leading into the conservatory. There is also an attractive rear garden, driveway parking and garage."
"Superbly-presented mid-terraced house situated in a lovely position overlooking Boundary Park. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall, open-plan living room/kitchen & downstairs cloakroom/wc. The upper floors host 4 double bedrooms, bathroom & separate shower room. Landscaped rear g..."
"BUNGALOW ON A LEVEL PLOT, IN NEED OF SOME UPDATING GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000 Bradleys are delighted to present this three bedroom detached bungalow, set on a spacious corner plot, situated in the superb location of Oreston Village."
"This two bedroom, CHARACTER COTTAGE is situated walking distance to the Ridgeway. Benefiting from a FEATURE FIREPLACE in the lounge, SUN ROOM, outside WC and FANTASTIC REAR GARDEN. This PRETTY cottage is a perfect FIRST TIME BUY or INVESTMENT and is being offered CHAIN FREE. Council Tax: A"
"Beautiful ground floor apartment, with far reaching sea view, private gardens & off road parking. Complete with a plethora of period features, three double bedrooms, main en-suite & cellar storage."
"GUIDE PRICE £375,000 - £400,000 Spanning over 1,400 sq. ft. of living space is this extended 1930's detached family home which is being offered to the market chain free. This glorious residence offers plenty of potential to be modernised, scope to create extra rooms in eithe..."
"Highly sought-after bungalow being sold with no onward chain. A Fletcher-built property with generous gardens to the front & rear with the rear garden being south-facing. The accommodation comprises a hallway, dual aspect lounge/dining room with fireplace, fitted kitchen, family bathroom, 3 doubl..."
Desmond & Co are delighted to offer this vastly extended four bedroom property to the market. The property has a two storey extension to the side as well as a rear single storey extension that creates an incredible kitchen/diner. The property also has the benefit of an en-suite & walk in wardrobe...
"Well-proportioned 1930s detached bungalow which has been extensively upgraded, improved, remodelled and provides a comfortably appointed home having the benefit of uPVC double glazing and gas fired central heating. Providing a well-maintained home offering flexibility of layout and usage that mig..."
"Pilkington Estates are delighted to present to the market this stunning opportunity to acquire your very own fully equipped houseboat. Stunningly renovated and restored to the highest of standards, the Catamaran is divided over three floors with all windows being Houdini double glazed sealed alum..."
"Situated in Stoke Village, which is in close proximity to local schools, college, park, Plymouth City Centre and the train station is this Semi Detached house offering three reception rooms, three double bedrooms, modern fitted kitchen and wet room. Outside there is a garage and rear garden."
"Beautiful Victorian family home with large open plan kitchen/dining room, two further reception rooms & three double bedrooms. Complete with private rear gardens, plethora of period features throughout & a wood burner."
MIXED USE INVESTMENT PROPERTY COMPRISING OF HMO WITH 5 ROOMS EACH HAVE EN SUITES & SHARED KITCHEN/DINING AND LIVING FACILITIES PLUS COMMERCIAL UNIT
"*WATERSIDE OFFICE * Crescent Avenue is located in a prime central location on Plymouth's historic Hoe, within moments' walk of the Waterfront, Theatre Royal, City Centre and two marinas."
"**GORGEOUS VIEWS OVER TAMERTON LAKE** This stunning detached property sits in the heart of Holly Park. It offers picturesque views across to the countryside, these are uninterrupted and must be seen to be appreciated. The property itself is presented immaculately throughout and a credi..."
"3 BEDROOM DETACHED DORMER BUNGALOW GUIDE PRICE - £375,000 TO £400,000 Immaculately presented detached property situated on Staddon Park Road with a south facing rear garden and presented to a high standard throughout."
"A well-presented five bedroom semi-detached home in the popular area of Hooe, close to good school and park. The property benefits; good sized driveway, garage, spacious rear garden, kitchen /diner , conservatory, two reception rooms, shower room and family bathroom.A MUST VIEW!"
"***ARRANGED AS TWO FANTASTIC SELF CONTAINED FLATS (ONE 3 BED AND ONE 4 BED) WITH MODERN KITCHENS, SHOWER ROOMS AND LOCATED IN A DESIRABLE CENTRAL LOCATION WITHIN A SHORT WALK TO PLYMOUTH UNIVERSITY*** The property is currently let to Students producing approx £35,000 PA but has excellent..."
"Situated in the north of the city is this well-proportioned five bedroom detached family home. The entrance level comprises a modern kitchen / breakfast room, a downstairs bedroom which could conversely be used as a home office for those who work remotely. The ground floor has been re-configured ..."
"This BEAUTIFUL and CHARMING period COTTAGE is situated in an IDYLLIC location not far from Colebrook Village. Benefiting from four GOOD SIZED bedrooms, TWO SHOWER ROOMS, delightful gardens, utility room and DOWNSTAIRS WC. With SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION this pretty CHARACTER cottage must be viewed."
*Private Estate *Build Complete *Fabulous Specification *Great Location For Commuting *Easy Access to A38 *4 Bedrooms *Garage & Parking *Downstairs WC *Bathroom & Ensuite To Master *Enclosed Garden *Generous Size Living/Dining Room  Halo Wifi Controlled Smart System to increa...
"CALLING ALL PADDLE BOARDERS This 3 /4 bedroom family home is situated in the picturesque area between Turnchapel and Hooe offering glorious views on any day of the year. If a lifestyle that feels like a holiday is your thing, then this home is a must view. Benefiting from close proximit..."
"This truly unique and substantial detached home offers particularly spacious accommodation over three floors and would make the perfect family home. Internally the ground floor accommodation offers a large lounge with wood burner, separate dining area, feature sized kitchen/breakfast room incorpo..."
"Standing proud and taking prime position in the walker?s paradise of Tamerton Foliot is Island Cottage. Famous amongst residents, this detached house offers a large living space, four bedrooms and a lovely enclosed rear garden in the heart of the village ticking all the boxes for the perfect home"
"This is an opportunity NOT TO BE MISSED as this home is all about location and views!  A quiet situation with views across to St. Marys Church and the countryside beyond, you can walk down into the village to visit the corner-shop or have a drink at either of the two pubs... If you d..."
*DETACHED BUNGALOW* SITUATED IN A GREAT LOCATION OPPOSITE LOCAL SHOPS AND ENJOYING FAR REACHING COUNTRYSIDE VIEWS FROM THE REAR
Spacious Family Home situated in the popular modern development of Saltram Meadow is this beautifully presented five bedroom townhouse. Arranged over three floors the property offers flexible and versatile accommodation and has a lovely south facing rear garden that also provides access to the...
"Spacious Dorma Bungalow* No onward chain* Heart of Plymstock* Front & Rear Mature Gardens* Driveway and Carport* Two Shower Rooms* Outbuildings / Summer House* Close to Amenities & Bus Routes* Study / Optional 5th Bedroom* Gas CH & DG*
"
"Semi detached family home located in St Budeaux. The accommodation comprises lounge diner, fitted kitchen, utility room, three bedrooms and a fitted shower suite. This property has a great 60ft rear garden and stunning far reaching views. Gas Central Heating and Double Glazing"
"Well-presented FOUR bedroom DETACHED property, in a CUL-DE-SAC location, with accommodation comprising an OPEN PLAN lounge/diner, modern kitchen, CONSERVATORY, downstairs WC, SPACIOUS bedrooms with MASTER ENSUITE. FANTASTIC SIZED rear enclosed garden, GARAGE and DRIVEWAY."
"This semi-detached villa is located within one of the City’s most favoured residential area within walking distance to an undeniable popular primary school, open green spaces of Hartley Park and local amenities of Henders Corner.
"
"Superb modern family home near the city of Plymouth.  This property has a energy rating B and has been well maintained by the current owners.  To the rear of the house is an enclosed, private garden with access into the generous single garage, inside the property you will find a supe..."
*Private Estate *Energy efficient  *High Specification *Great Location & Easy Access to A38 *4 Bedrooms *Garage & Parking *Downstairs WC *Bathroom & Ensuite To Main Bedroom *Enclosed Garden *Generous Size Living/Dining Room  *Halo Wifi Controlled Smart System to furt...
"Save over £17,000, with our home move upgrade package*The Poplar is a home that provides comfortable, modern living across three floors. Here you can enjoy the best of all worlds, for those who want a balance between family time, work life and quiet relaxation. The ground floor featur..."
"Save over £17,000, with our home move upgrade package*
The Poplar is a home that provides comfortable, modern living across three floors. Here you can enjoy the best of all worlds, for those who want a balance between family time, work life and quiet relaxation. The ground floor feat..."
"Located within the heart of Lipson, Plymouth is this substantial 3 storey investment which is positioned within a prime location for working professional sharers and students. A grand establishment offering 1,800 sq. ft of living space with 7 letting rooms, 2 shower rooms, & a sizeable commun..."
"Positioned in a tucked away location, this beautifully presented detached family home is on a large plot with a 50’ west facing rear garden. The good size accommodation comprises: entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, impressive modern kitchen/dining room, large conservatory, three bedrooms and famil..."
SUBSTANTIAL FOUR/FIVE BEDROOM PROPERTY - ANNEX POTENTIAL - GARAGE - MODERN KITCHEN - EXPANSIVE LOUNGE/DINER - CINEMA ROOM - UTILITY/WORKSHOP - STUDY - EXTENSIVE REAR GARDEN - HIGHLY DESIRABLE CUL DE SAC WITHIN HARTLEY - WOULD SUIT MULT GENERATIONAL LIVING OR SOMEONE LOOKING TO WORK FROM HOME
"TURN THE KEY TO LOCKINGTON! A fantastic FIVE BEDROOM detached house in Hartley, with OFF ROAD PARKING and A GARAGE. Arrange over THREE FLOORS with TWO EN-SUITE'S and a beautiful rear garden that would satisfy any buyer! Call Fox and Sons to view TODAY!"
"Being offered with vacant possession and no onward chain is this well presented 4-bedroom semi-detached home which is within close proximity to good schooling and The Broadway shopping centre. 
"
"The 4 bedroom Chelbury offers spacious accommodation across its 3 storey layout, ideal home for growing families."
"*WATERSIDE OFFICE* . Discovery Wharf is arguably one of Plymouth's landmark developments and offers a unique setting in Sutton Harbour with stunning far reaching south facing water views across Sutton Harbour Marina, and towards The Hoe, The Barbican, Mount Batten, Jennyc..."
"*Private Estate *Ready To Be Occupied *Fabulous Specification *Great Location For Commuting *Easy Access to A38 *4 Bedrooms *Garage & Parking *Downstairs WC *Bathroom & Ensuite To Master *Enclosed Garden *Generous Size Living/Dining Room
"
"A beautifully presented three bedroom detached bungalow located in a highly sought after location. With three double bedrooms, a kitchen/breakfast room, lounge, dining room, front and rear gardens and a double garage. This bungalow is a must view."
"Waterside Office* Video Tour Available*  2 Bedroom Waterside Apartment* No Onward Chain* Breath Taking Views* Large Balcony* Living Room With Splendid Views*  Kitchen* Close To Amenities* Bathroom* Gated Community* A Must View Property*
"
"Whiteford Road needs no introduction! Your Move are delighted to offer this stunning 3 double bedroom duplex apartment. Boasting admired and cherished original features with a big twist of modern day living. Featuring a 19ft kitchen, master en-suite and open fireplaces, plus a private rear garden..."
"Situated at the end of a popular cul-de-sac in the Woodford area of Plympton we are pleased to offer this nicely presented and versatile 4 bedroom semi detached house. Accommodation comprising lounge, Dining/family room, kitchen, utility/office, four bedrooms and a bathroom on each floor. Benefi..."
"*FOR SALE VIA ONLINE AUCTION* terms and conditions apply* We are pleased to offer to auction this substantial and well presented freehold property located on the doorstep of Hoe Park. Currently arrange as two, two bedroom maisonette style apartments, the property has most recently been used as..."
"Very well-presented detached house situated in a cul-de-sac located in Eggbuckland close to schools & local amenities. Formerly a 4 bedroom detached home it is now a 3 bedroom home with bedroom one having a walk-in dressing. The remaining accommodation comprises an entrance hallway, downstairs cl..."
"An absolutely gorgeous four bedroom period family home located on Mannamead road, Hartley. This large family home boasts two bathrooms, two reception rooms, conservatory and a great size rear garden. A viewing comes highly advised."
" Central Plymstock*  Close To Many Shops & Amenities*  Great Local Bus Service*   3 Bedrooms*  Conservatory*  Modern Kitchen*  Bathroom & Ensuite*  Fantastic Far Reaching Views*  Garage & Drive*    
"
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 - £375,000 A fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious 4 bedroom versatile semi detached family home with accommodation over three floors in the popular Peverell area of Plymouth. The property enjoys a good sized rear garden plus a garage and a driveway,..."
"A well presented, three bedroom detached family home located in the sought after location of Woolwell, Plymouth. With a large kitchen/diner, lounge, conservatory, downstairs WC, three bedrooms, en-suite, family bathroom, driveway and garage! This property would make a perfect family home in a p..."
"Presented in a show home condition is this 1930's semi-detached property, complete with driveway parking, an integral garage and a generous rear garden. Accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance hall through to the modern kitchen diner with integral appliances with access to the lounge, util..."
"The apartment has been fitted to the highest specification throughout. The kitchen offers AEG appliances: oven and grill , microwave combo oven. Induction hob with integrated extraction. 1810 Black composite sink and 1810 black and copper tap. The kitchen is also fitted with 600mm dishwasher, ..."
"Extremely well-presented detached bungalow which has undergone major upgrading, improvement and refurbishment. Effectively as new accommodation set in an older upgraded shell. Quality new uPVC double glazing and gas central heating. A light and airy home with modern fitted integrated kitchen, ..."
"Pilkington Estates are delighted to present to the market this substantial family home situated within a generous corner plot. As you enter the home you are greeted with a sizeable lounge which is bright, airy and inviting due to the natural light filtering in from the double glazed windows to th..."
"An expansive four bedroom terraced period property located in St Judes with period features, spacious rooms and private off road parking"
"A rare opportunity to purchase this three bedroom character cottage, in the heart of the popular village of TURNCHAPEL. Dating back to the 1800s this cottage offers amazing water views with balcony to the rear as well as a courtyard space to enjoy the surroundings."
"Situated in the popular residential area of Eggbuckland close to local amenities, great schooling and the open green spaces of Frogmore Park is this detached individually designed bungalow on a good-sized plot. The bungalow has been under the same ownership since being built in circa 1966 and ..."
"Pilkington Estates are pleased to present to the market this stunning semi detached home situated on a generous plot in a sought after locale. This beautifully presented property boasts ample space in the form of a generous open plan living room and dining area, modern fitted kitchen and a downst..."
Waterside Office* Video Tour Available*  Well-presented Two Bedroom Apartment*    Generous Size Reception Room*   Modern Kitchen*    Desirable Location*  A Must View Property*   Storage Cupboard*   Close To Amenities & R...
"FANTASTIC ARCHITURELY DESIGNED DETACHED RESIDENCE WITH REMAINING NHBC AND OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO ONGOING CHAIN! This newly built FOUR BEDROOM DETACHED is designed and developed to the highest standard of specification, Comprising a open plan living area spanning the whole length of the pro..."
"Set within the ever popular Manadon park is this three bedroom detached home, offering so much to all kinds of buyers. The ground floor comprises three reception rooms, with a bright and airy living room bursting with light, a kitchen dining room with white goods, and a conservatory which overloo..."
"A four bedroom detached property in a cul-de-sac location, close to local beaches and good schools, within commuting distance to Plymouth city centre. Benefiting downstairs WC, open plan lounge / diner, enclosed south facing rear garden, garage and driveway with parking for two/ three cars."
"DC Lane are delighted to present to the market this dormer detached bungalow on a sizeable plot situated in the popular residential area of Crownhill and within walking distance to the local parade of shops, excellent schools and within easy access to the A38 and major routes. This impre..."
"Exceptional third floor apartment with stunning panoramic views over Sutton Harbour from the large south facing balcony. With an upgraded kitchen, bathroom & shower room, two double bedrooms, secure underground parking & no onward chain."
"*** Coming Soon ***
A refurbished level sited detached bungalow located within Elburton.
This two/three double bedroom property is situated with walking distance of Elburton village and within a easy access of The Broadway and all facilities that Plymstock has to offer.
Upon inspection, you will ..."
"Guide Price £350,000-£375,000 This spacious three bedroomed family home is situated in the very popular area of Plymstock on the outskirts of Plymouth. It is just a short walk away from the Broadway Shopping Centre whilst being tucked away down a quiet road. There is a Libr..."
"SPACIOUS AND MODERN DETACHED 3 BEDROOM BUNGALOW Superbly presented detached bungalow accessed from HOWARD ROAD, on a secluded plot of 0.11 acres, arranged over two levels with far reaching views over Billacombe Fields. There is ample parking both front and back, a large sun deck, and a ..."
"Guide price £140,000 - £145,000. Located in this really popular residential position is this first floor purpose built flat, one of only 4 in the block. As you approach the house the first thing you will see is the driveway that leads to the GARAGE - such a fabulous and rather unique ..."
"Well-presented Semi Detached house situated in this popular residential area and comprising FOUR BEDROOMS - ALL WITH FITTED WARDROBES, MODERN KITCHEN/DINER, LOUNGE, SHOWER ROOM, UTILITY ROOM, FAMILY BATHROOM AND GARDENS FRONT AND REAR AND BOASTING WOODLAND VIEWS!"
"A three bedroom detached house situated in a QUIET CUL DE SAC, Integrel garage with utility space, driveway, SOUTH-WESTERLY facing garden, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, ensuite shower room, PVCu double glazing, gas central heating. NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"**EXTENDED VERSITILE FAMILY HOME!!** Bradleys are delighted to bring to the market this well presented family home in a sought after residential location close to popular schools. The property offers great living space with a lounge, Kitchen/diner, conservatory and games room as well as..."
"This deceptively spacious detached family home offers good size accommodation comprising: entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, dining room, kitchen, four double bedrooms, en-suite shower room and a family bathroom. Externally the property has a resin bound driveway with parking for several cars to t..."
"This gorgeous three bedroom detached home located in the North of Plymouth has been kept in good condition and is undoubtedly what many would describe as the picture-perfect family home, however has scope to make the home your own. The ground floor comprises two reception rooms, with the dining ..."
"BEAUTIFULL THREE STOREY PERIOD HOME ARRANGED AS TWO LARGE SELF CONTAINED FLATS RETAINING MANY CHARACTER FEATURES! This rare property must be viewed to be fully appreciated! The accommodation comprises, on the ground floor, two double Bedrooms, large Kitchen/Dining Room, cosy Lounge and n..."
"Offers Over £350,000 This spacious three bedroomed bungalow is set in a elevated position in the much sought after area of Plymstock on the outskirts of Plymouth. There area both Primary and Secondary schools nearby together with the Broadway Shopping Centre. There is also a supe..."
"Don’t miss your opportunity to view this beautiful presented and spacious three bedroom Georgian inspired townhouse situated in the new town of Sherford, located on the outskirts of Plymstock. The accommodation is set over three levels and the layout has been carefully thought t..."
"HALFORD AND HOMES  We are delighted to present to the market this substantial and well presented freehold property located on the doorstep of Hoe Park. The property is arranged as two, two bedroom maisonette style apartments and provides a fantastic opportunity to let as a holiday style p..."
"This property's price is reduced for over 60s as a lifetime lease purchase under our Home for Life Plan. Discounts range from 8.5% to 59% depending on age, personal circumstances and property criteria. The price shown is based on our average discount."
"Waterside Office* Video Tour Available*  An impressive and spacious penthouse apartment in the heart of the city with secure parking, balcony and far-reaching panoramic views. 'Sutton View' is a central, convenient and contemporary apartment with easy access to the ..."
"A most spacious extended semi detached family home with large open plan Kitchen-Dining & Family Room, Lounge with Open Fire, Three Double Bedrooms with a Master Ensuite plus Family Bathroom. South facing gardens & Double Width Driveway. Owned Solar Panels On Tariff. On entering the propert..."
"This well-presented home is positioned within a popular residential location in Crownhill. Internally the property comprises lounge and separate dining area, kitchen, three double bedrooms and bathroom. Externally the property occupies a corner plot with large front garden and secluded side and r..."
"This lovely detached home has much to offer. Located in Plymouth, it boasts four bedrooms, and open-plan layout and an en-suite shower room. It also offers ample off-road parking."
"Yopa Plymouth are delighted to be selling this gorgeous four double bedroom semi-detached house that’s situated on an elevated position and enjoys beautiful views across Eggbuckland and beyond. There is off road parking, a south facing garden and much much more."
"*** FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME IN PLYMPTON *** A LINK-DETACHED family home with a GARAGE and DRIVEWAY, front and rear GARDENS, FOUR BEDROOMS and situated within close proximity to LOCAL SCHOOLS and CLOSE ACCESS to the A38. Call Fox & Sons today to arrange your viewing!!"
"Located in a popular area is this three bedroom detached house close to local schools and amenities. The property benefits utility room, spacious lounge, dining room, downstairs WC, three bedrooms, family bathroom, enclosed rear garden, garage and driveway."
Immaculate & sizeable three bedroom semi detached - Highly desirable address within Manadon - Extensive & evel rear garden - Views - Utility & cloakroom - Spacious lounge & dining room - Office/sauna room - Driveway - Stunning bathroom - Balcony - Easy access to Manadon school & commuter routes
"Stunning four bedroom town house - Lovely position in Sherford - Close to great schools, amenities, bus and commuter links - Garage and private gated parking - Contemporary kitchen/diner - Cloakroom - Spacious lounge - Private garden - Opulent master bedroom with en suit - No onward chain"
"This fantastic two bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next exciting phase, bringing together contemporary living and all the benefits of being located in the award winning Mount Wise. With a commanding position adjacent to the cricket pitch, the new homes will offer high quality..."
"To fully appreciate the UNIQUE DESIGN of this family home, contact us to arrange a one to one appointment with our representative Joshua."
"Lang Town and Country are delighted to present to the market this beautifully presented 3rd Floor apartment in the ideally located “Leeward House”. From the Leeward House main entrance, with secure access only, you gain entrance to the communal areas with access to all floors from ..."
Waterside Office* Video Tour Available*  No Onward Chain*  Waterside Two Bedroom House*  Breath-Taking Views*  Good Size Balcony*  Spacious Lounge/Diner*  Kitchen*  Car Port/Garage*  Close To Local Amenities*  A Must View Property*&nb...
EXTENDED 5 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE SITUATED ON A LARGE CORNER PLOT IN THIS EVER POPULAR AREA CLOSE TO AMENITIES AND SCHOOLS
"Larger than average semi-detached four bedroom, two bathroom property located within Mannamead. Offering three reception rooms, period features throughout and a sunny courtyard with storage. We anticipate high demand for this property so please do not hesitate to call to arrange a vi..."
"**LARGE PERIOD PROPERTY IN PEVERELL** This large family home boasts many original features but more recently a stunning loft conversion. Providing ample accommodation and a good size rear courtyard this property is not to be missed. Early viewings are recommended, call Bradleys on 01752..."
• Stunning Water Views • Close Proximity To Royal William Yard • Strong Transport Links • Off-Road Parking • 2 Double Bedrooms • No Onward Chain
Waterside Office* Video Tour Available* No Onward Chain* Refurbishment Opportunity* Within an Iconic Grade II Listed Building* Delightful Views Across The Hoe Promenade And Plymouth Sound* Lift Access To All Floors* Balcony Accessed Via Front Bedroom & Lounge*...
"This well-presented Detached Bungalow comprises spacious Lounge/Diner, modern fitted kitchen, three double bedrooms, bathroom and cellar area. With the added bonus of having a driveway and garage, there are also front & rear gardens with views over the surrounding area from the rear! Viewing advise"
"This lovely detached home is positioned within Eggbuckland and sits on a good sized corner plot. Internally the well-presented accommodation offers: entrance hall, a good sized lounge, kitchen, dining area, three bedrooms and a four piece bathroom suite. Further benefits include double glazing, c..."
"This detached bungalow is situated on a level site at the end of a cul de sac in a popular road in Plympton. The property is well presented throughout and offers a recently refitted kitchen, a good size lounge/diner, two double bedrooms, and the master with an ensuite and a shower room.&n..."
"This modern 3-bedroom semi-detached dormer bungalow in Plympton is an ideal family home or for someone looking to downsize. Plympton is equipped with a superb town centre with a selection of shops, cafes and restaurants, while it also has superb transport links onto the A38 and access into Plymou..."
This 3 bed Dorner bungalow has a stunning master suite in the loft space with an en-suite and two dressing rooms. 2 further double bedrooms and a lovely open plan living kitchen/dining room. There is a driveway and garage and a low maintenance garden
"A deceptively spacious three bedroom detached house situated in this sought after residential location. Conveniently located for the local amenities at Chaddlewood as well as having easy access to the A38 the property is an ideal family home. Accommodation comprises: entrance hall, cloakroom WC,"
"Situated in the popular 'Ocean Court' development, which is located adjacent to Mayflower Marina on the Western side of Plymouth and taking in the Panoramic views to the full, this attractive two bedroom apartment enjoys some of Plymouth's most impressive views of the ever-changing..."
Beautifully finished contemporary property which has been designed to maximise the vast surrounding views across to the Cornish countryside. The property offers spacious open plan living accommodation and four bedrooms. A unique opportunity!
"GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000 Welcoming to the market for the first time in 60+ years is this linked detached three bedroom dormer bungalow. Located in the heart of Plymstock. This home offers a spacious accommodation in need of modernisation but has an abundance of storag..."
"With its dual aspect lounge and sociable kitchen diner, this traditional double fronted home is perfect for family life."
"*** LARGE CORNER PLOT *** A fantastic TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM, SEMI-DETACHED bungalow with a GARAGE and DRIVEWAY, a BEAUTIFUL KITCHEN, , spacious LOFT SPACE, front and rear GARDENS situated within a lovely CORNER PLOT. Call Fox & Sons today to arrange your viewing!!"
"A WELL PRESENTED 7 DOUBLE BEDROOM HMO, producing £2695 PCM of income with a GOOD SIZE COMMUNAL LOUNGE, 3 SHOWER ROOMS and a COURTYARD situated VERY CLOSE to the UNIVERSITY and the CITY CENTRE of PLYMOUTH. 
"
"Beautifully-converted barn within a highly sought-after development, close to Elburton village. The accommodation features a beautifully-appointed lounge/dining room with vaulted ceiling, kitchen/breakfast room & first floor cloakroom/wc. The ground floor hosts 3 bedrooms, family bathroom & ensui..."
"This gorgeous three bedroom detached property is positioned in one of Plymstock’s most desirable locations close to local shops, bus routes and schools. The home was previously rented and is now ready for a new owner to put their own stamp on the property being a blank canvas and be sold wi..."
"IMMACULATE two DOUBLE BEDROOM semi-detached CHARACTER COTTAGE in a sought after area of Colebrook. Comprising: MODERN Kitchen/Diner with stone wall feature, Evocare flooring, CONTEMPORARY family bathroom and EN-SUITE. FANTASTIC sized rear garden. QUAINT, STYLISH with PERIOD FEATURES."
THREE BEDROOM DETACHED BUNGALOW Bradleys are delighted to present this three bedroom detached bungalow situated in the sought after area of Hooe. Conveniently located for access to the local amenities. This home offers a garage and off street parking. Call Bradleys Plymstock on 01752 4...
"Charming two bedroom cottage - Easy access to the amenities of the Ridgeway, pathfields green and the doctors surgery - Lovely level and extensive garden - Sun room - Gas central heating - Ideal first time buy or retirement move - No onward chain with vacant posession"
"*Guide Price - £325,000 - £350,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this generously proportioned and highly versatile mixed use building, located within the heart of Stoke Village. This fantastic and rarely available investment opportunity presents both an array of groun..."
"A well presented end of terrace townhouse located in Hooe, Plymstock. With open plan living space, a downstairs WC, three/four bedrooms, two bathrooms, allocated parking and an enclosed rear garden. Having been maintained to an exceptional standard, this property is a must view."
"*EASTER SALE* Currently undergoing renovation is this link-detached bungalow, situated in central Plymstock in Reservior Road. The property will be complete with a newly fitted kitchen, shower room, new flooring throughout and new windows. Being sold with no onward chain, and conveniently close t..."
"**** PRESENTED LIKE A HOME DECOR MAGAZINE, THIS BEAUTIFUL PERIOD HOME IS AS UNUSUAL AS IT IS VERSATILE! *** Accommodation currently comprises entrance porch, large hall, lounge/diner, dining room/family room, large breakfast kitchen, first floor landing with snug area, three double bedrooms and f..."
"A much sought after townhouse in Quadrant Wharf with large open plan living & roof terrace, three bedrooms and two bathrooms, garage & parking. The waterside development of Quadrant Wharf forms part of Plymouth's Coastal Quarter, a significant quayside project delivering a mixture of high..."
"OIRO £325,000 This stunning three-bedroomed apartment is set within the former Royal Naval Hospital which is now The Millfields. These elegant, 18th century buildings are still surrounded by the original hospital wall providing a secure, gated environment with 24 hour security. T..."
"Beautifully Presented Throughout* Off Road Parking*  Many Character Features*  Modern Fitted Kitchen*  Lounge & Dining Room*  Courtyard Garden*  Generous Sized 4 Piece Bathroom*   
"
"This beautifully presented versatile home has been decorated to a magnificently cheerful standard allowing natural light to pour throughout both levels. It has a unique layout which will perfectly suit many buyers with four bedrooms on the lower level, or five if you take into account the current..."
"We are excited to welcome to the market this gorgeous two bedroom semi-detached cottage which offers an abundance of character and appeal. This attractive property is tucked away in the sought-after location of Colebrook, Plympton and is just a stone’s throw away from the local amenities. T..."
Detached family home | Open plan 'L' shaped sitting/dining & kitchen area | Conservatory | 3 Bedrooms | Family shower room | Downstairs cloakroom | Enclosed south facing rear garden | Garage & off road parking | uPVC double glazing & gas central heating | EPC D68
"Located at the end of a cul-de-sac sits this detached family home offering spacious accommodation over three floors. Upon arrival, you are greeted by a large driveway with sufficient parking for several vehicles and artificial grass which involves very little maintenance. If priva..."
"A well presented three bedroom semi-detached house with alternative snug room, located in a lovely quiet cul-de-sac in Turnchapel. The property benefits from a conservatory, enclosed rear garden, garage and driveway."
"GUIDE PRICE £325,000 - £350,000 A well-proportioned semi-detached house, upgraded and improved with a new bathroom, replacement windows and new boiler. On the ground floor with hall, lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen and off this a generous size side porch. At first floor level a landing, acc..."
"Miller Countrywide are delighted to offer to the market this five bedroom fully occupied student property on North Hill. The three storey home is beautifully presented throughout and provides spacious, modern living for all occupants. Accommodation is arranged over three levels comprising entranc..."
"Situated in a popular residential location in this sought after development of Quadrant Quay is this fantastic FOUR Bedroom mid terraced residence. this Property readily comprises extensive living accommodation, Off street parking, ample outdoor space and appeal to a wide range of buyers."
"An exceptionally well presented, mid terrace, 1920's family home. Entrance Hall, Sitting Room, Kitchen/Dining Room, Utility, Three Bedrooms, Family Bathroom, Gardens, GCH, PVCu D/G. No Onward Chain"
"Guide Price £325,000 - £335,000 A spacious 3 double bedroom family home in Derriford, perfectly located close to Derriford Hospital, while also having easy access to both Marjons University and The Devonshire Health and Racket Club. The property is perfect for families offering ve..."
"*Guide Price - £325,000,000 - £350,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this generously proportioned and highly versatile mixed use building, located within the heart of Stoke Village. This fantastic and rarely available investment opportunity presents both an array of g..."
"A well presented link-detached family home located in Lake View Drive, Plymouth. With open plan lounge/diner, kitchen, conservatory, a downstairs WC, three bedrooms, family shower room, garage and large enclosed rear garden with beautiful, far reaching views. This property is a must see! "
"PENTHOUSE PARADISE! Fox & Sons are extremely pleased to present this luxurious two bedroom penthouse apartment, located in the highly exclusive waterside location of 'Berkeley Square'. With private parking, an incredible open plan living room, a private balcony we strongly recommend a viewing today."
"This stunning 3-bedroom semi-detached property has been renovated to the highest standard, offering a modern and stylish living space that is sure to impress. Step inside and be greeted by a light and airy entrance hall, which leads into the spacious living room. The interior has been finished to..."
"Lang Town & Country are pleased to present this lovely three bedroom link detached family home, situated in a quiet residential location in Chaddlewood.
"
"PARKSIDE PROPERTY IN PEVERELL! Fox & Son's are delight to offer this beautifully presented, characterful three bedroom mid terrace house in Barn Park Road. With a fantastic modern kitchen, two reception rooms and views towards Central Park its the perfect family home. Call to view today"
"NO CHAIN, NO CHAIN, NO CHAIN!! Riverside Walk is a beautifull quaint and quiet cul-de-sac home to this wonderful four bedroom detached home. At the end of the street it opens to a beautiful walk along Tamerton Creek and it is also in close proximity to the local shop, bus stop and popul..."
"A delightful TWO DOUBLE bedroom DETACHED BUNGALOW, in the sought after area of COLEBROOK, Conservatory, KITCHEN DINER, GARAGE with DRIVEWAY and a nice GARDEN surrounding the property. CASH BUYERS ONLY"
"DC Lane are proud to introduce to the market this impressive semi detached house located within the popular residential area of Manadon within easy access to excellent schools, the City Centre, A38 and major routes. Offering ideal family living and entertaining space, this superb propert..."
"A stunning family home set over multiple levels with extremely versatile living accommodation. The property has a modern kitchen and bathroom, wide-reaching views across Warleigh Estate, Tamerton Lake and beyond, off-road parking and Garage in a highly desirable location near Tamerton Foliot."
"A very exciting development opportunity to purchase a semi-detached older-style property with planning permission for the erection of 2 new build properties adjacent. Planning number 22/01353/FUL. The cottage comprises a sitting room, kitchen diner, utility area, 2 bedrooms, bathroom & an attic s..."
"Wainwright Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN this new individually designed detached house occupying an elevated postion offering views of the local area and extending towards Cornwall. The accommodation comprises open plan livng area with newly fitted kitchen, ..."
"3 Bedroom Semi Detached House* Good Size Enclosed Garden* Bay Fronted Windows* Garage* Close to Amenities & Bus Routes* Popular Residential Location* Outside W/C and Workshop* Ample Driveway Parking* Gas CH & DG* Lovely Far Reaching Views*
"
"Lang Town and Country are delighted to offer this deceptively spacious, four-bedroom, semi-detached house. The property is situated in the ever-popular, residential area of Beacon Park, close to all local amenities such as, local shops, schools, and Central Park.
"
"Wonderful three bedroom semi-detached family home located in the heart of Beacon Park. With a large lounge, drawing room, a separate dining room, kitchen, downstairs shower room, sun room, three great sized bedrooms and a further family bathroom. Situated in a sought after location, this family..."
"*** GREAT INVESTMENT *** Located just off Mutley Pain is this substantial mid terraced property arranged into three flats. One bedroom ground floor flat, two bedroom first floor flat and a top floor two bedroom maisonette. Two off road parking spaces"
"CALLING ALL INVESTORS - This HMO period Mid Terrace house has accommodation comprising Six Bedrooms, Kitchen/Diner, and Two Shower Rooms. Each bedroom benefits from having fitted wardrobes and the rooms to the front have the added bonus of having views out towards Central Park."
"A tenanted, 7 bed, HMO INVESTMENT property, located in a CENTRAL location in Mutley. Producing a rental INCOME of £31,920 per annum (potential to increase). Positioned in a PRIME location, close to Plymouth Train Station, UNIVERSITY and Mutley Plain, making this an ideal property for STUDENT..."
"***GUIDE £320,000 TO £330,000*** Substantial, three storey HMO situated in a desirable location within a short walk to Plymouth University and City Centre. The property is fully let for 23/24 producing gross income of £38,500 (potential to increase to £44,000). The property is i..."
"Tucked away in a cul-de-sac location of Turnchapel, is this fantastic semi-detached property, complete with driveway parking for 2 vehicles, an integral garage with the potential to convert into a bedroom ensuite room, and a fully enclosed rear garden. Accommodation briefly comprises of an entran..."
"The Hazel is an attractive home with looks to impress. The house has impressive features, such as separate hall and sitting room and a superb naturally lit kitchen/dining with French doors. With enough space for three bedrooms and additional bathrooms this is a fantastic home for enter..."
"A 3 bedroom detached bungalow, located in an ideal location within Hooe. The property has under taken a full renovation which is a credit to the current owners, with modern kitchen & bathroom, bi-fold doors in the lounge leading out to a enclosed private rear garden."
"Detached Bungalow With Converted Basement Room. Delightful detached bungalow with fantastic far reaching views towards Dartmoor.The bungalow offers lounge/dining room, kitchen, shower room & three double bedrooms. This home offers flexible work/recreational space to the lower floor ..."
A SPACIOUS 3 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH PANORAMIC VIEWS ACROSS THE CITY This spacious three-bedroom semi-detached house situated in Dunstone View benefits from the most incredible views as far as the eyes can see. The accommodation comprises of a fantastic living space whilst offe...
"Nestled in a cul-de-sac location is this split-level bungalow, complete with driveway parking, a garage and a private, tiered rear garden. Accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance hall with doors off to all rooms, including the lounge diner with patio doors to the garden, a modern fitted k..."
"Centrally located Victorian double fronted Seven Bed Licenced HMO with tenants in situ. Briefly comprising of six rooms, two shower rooms, two toilets and one self-contained studio. Communal kitchen and back yard with laundry shed. Rental figures available on request. Viewing highly recommended."
"Superbly-presented extended semi-detached family home with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance porch & hallway, lounge, full-width open-plan kitchen/dining room plus breakfast bar & to the rear an extended sun lounge/play room plus utility/downstairs wc, both with feature vaulted ceiling..."
"DC Lane are proud to introduce to the market this splendid detached bungalow, located in the much sought after residential location of Beacon Park, close to local schools and amenities and within easy access to the City Centre, Central Park, A38 and major routes. This impressive property..."
"*Charming Semi-Detached Cottage  *3 Bedroom  *Garage  *Wealth of Character Features  *Tranquil Southernly Facing Garden  *Off Road Parking For 2 Cars  *No Onward Chain.
"
"A beautifully maintained semi-detached house occupying a GENEROUS CORNER PLOT in a quiet cul de sac, close to the scenic footpaths of Cann Woods. GARAGE and DRIVEWAY, modern kitchen/diner, modern bathroom, new gas central heating boiler, PVCu double glazing. "
"Perfectly Peaceful in Pymstock. Situated in a quiet Cul-De-Sac location in Plymstock is this impressive, detached home. The property benefits from its position on the edge of Radford Woods which gives the property a private and tranquil feel and also offers access to a range of local walks.&nb..."
"Well-presented mid terraced house built in the early 1980's, looked after and improved. Gas fired central heating. High quality 'Viessmann' boiler and uPVC double glazing. Rectangular shaped plot with two parking spaces on the front drive and terraced low maintenance rear garden. Entrance lobby..."
"Teesra House is the next exciting phase, bringing together contemporary living and all the benefits of being located in the award winning Mount Wise...."
"The Byford is a spacious and stylish 3 bedroom home, ideal for couples or families."
"Being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN and situated in a highly sought after central location is this FOUR BEDROOM, THREE STOREY SEMI DETACHED HOUSE! A fantastic family home or a great investment with the rental potential of £1100 PCM."
"A most spacious semi-detached property in Glenholt with ample parking & garage comprising Lounge, Dining Room & Conservatory, Kitchen plus Separate Utility Room, Two Double Bedrooms with Ensuite to the Attic Bedroom plus a large Store Room. NO CHAIN. This deceptively spacious property is l..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - A prime opportunity to purchase this three bedroom deatched bungalow in the sought after area of Elburton, located on a quiet CUL-DE-SAC, The property briefly comprises; lounge, kitchen, three bedrooms, shower room, front garden with driveway and enclosed rear garden. A MUST VIEW!"
"Here at Pilkington Estates we are excited to showcase a stunning five-bedroom terraced property located in the sought-after area of Plympton. This property boasts ample living space, providing the perfect family home for those seeking a modern, comfortable lifestyle. The property offers a spaciou..."
"'The Millfields' comprises a historic former Royal Naval Hospital occupying secure landscaped walled grounds of approximately 26 acres, less than one mile west of the City Centre, not far from the fashionable Durnford Street and Royal William Yard with its collection of bars and restau..."
"Set within the new and exciting development of Sherford we have this attractive red brick Georgian style end terrace town house for sale. The property has spacious accommodation arranged over three floors comprising, open plan living/kitchen/dining room, downstairs cloakroom, three bedrooms, master"
"Fabulous Southerly Facing 2 Bedroom Apartment*  Exclusive Locale*  Allocated Parking*  Phone Entry System*  Modern Kitchen/Diner With Integrated Appliances*  Bathroom & Ensuite*  Sitting Room*  Communal Gardens*  Close To Many Amenties* 
"
"Located in one of Plymouths most affluent areas, we are excited to bring to the market this spacious top floor two-bedroom apartment with views like no other. This home in every way exceeds a buyer’s expectations with an abundance of free-flowing, bright and airy space. The layout has been ..."
Beautifully presented three bedroom extended semi detached family home situated in the popular location of Widewell. The current owners have added a sizeable rear extension creating a stunning open plan kitchen/dining area with new wave doors leading to the landscaped rear garden & an integral door
"*Guide Price £300,000 to £325,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this beautifully presented semi detached home situated within a quiet residential street in Milehouse. This fantastic family home offers spacious accommodation which comprises of a reception porch, entrance ..."
"A generously proportioned semi-detached house built c.1925 providing good size family accommodation. Having the benefit of gas central heating and uPVC double glazing. Number of original features including leaded stained glass windows. A spacious lounge, kitchen/breakfast room, dining room (cu..."
"EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED IN PLYMSTOCK. Large Driveway & Garage, Huge Open Plan Kitchen-Diner, Separate Lounge, Three Bedrooms & Bathroom. Side & Rear Gardens & Lots Of Potential with Gas Central Heating & Double Glazing. This period property has been home to the sam..."
"1930'S THREE-BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME OFFERING PLENTY OF NATURAL LIGHT THROUGHOUT This 1930's three-bedroom semi-detached family home not only offers plenty of natural light throughout but is also well located for local amenities, as well as being in the catchment area for Widey..."
"*Guide Price - £300,000 - £320,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this immaculately presented three bedroom Edwardian style mid terrace home situated within the popular and highly sought after area of Peverell. Occupying a prime position in the prestigious ""Park Road"" s..."
"Three bedroom town house located in the heart of Oreston, Plymouth. With open plan living space, three bedrooms, family bathroom, garage and driveway and stunning water views. In need of cosmetic updating, this property has a lot of potential throughout."
"This secluded plot in Hartley has planning permission approved for two Luxurious detached dwellings. The plots are being offered to market either individually for perhaps a self build or alternatively as whole to a developer. The plans in place allow for two substancial four / five bedroom homes,..."
"Positioned within the heart of PL1, just a stone’s throw away from the city Centre and close amenities is this four story period property, perfect for development. The home has been in the family since the 80s as a much-loved family home for many years however the property has endless possi..."
"*** GUIDE PRICE £300,000 TO £325,000. IN HIGHLY DESIRABLE PEVERELL LOCATION, THIS BEAUTIFUL PERIOD HOME WITH MANY ORIGINAL FEATURES HAS BEEN OWNED BY ONE FAMILY SINCE NEW! *** Accommodation comprises porch, hall, lounge, dining room, breakfast room, kitchen, conservatory, downstairs wet..."
"***GUIDE PRICE: £300,000-£325,000***A VERY WELL PRESENTED & GRAND, 2 DOUBLE BEDROOM SELF CONTAINED GROUNDFLOOR APARTMENT with KITCHEN / BREAKFAST ROOM, LOUNGE / DINING ROOM, PRIVATE FRONT & REAR ENTRANCES, COURTYARD, PRIVATE CAR PARK for MULTIPLE CARS that leads to FREEDOM FIE..."
"This modern executive three bedroom detached home, with gardens, raised decking and a great location will be perfect for up-sizers and down-sizers alike.   Quote ref DT0134.
"
"*** Guide Price of £180,000 *** This semi detached home is beautifully presented throughout offering two large double bedrooms, lounge diner and separate fitted kitchen. The property is located in the popular area of Whitleigh close to local amenities, schools and transport links"
"CONVENIENT CENTRAL PLYMSTOCK LOCATION GUIDE PRICE £300,000 - £325,000 A unique detached property situated in close proximity to the Broadway shopping centre, with ample off road parking and a spacious conservatory. This property is one to view to appreciate all it has t..."
"This deceptively spacious home is located in a cul-de-sac within Mannamead, enjoys views from the front aspect and boasts a large garage and cellar area within the basement level. Internally the accommodation offers a spacious lounge/dining room, kitchen/breakfast room, study/office, four good si..."
Large HMO property with full licence for six bedrooms! This great investment opportunity is ready for any investor to complete and start earning income straight away. The property has been rented out on the same contract on a consistent basis and is subject to the usual section 21 notice if requi...
"Extended semi-detached family home located in a popular residential road with accommodation comprising an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, conservatory, kitchen, utility, cloakroom, 4 bedrooms, family bathroom & an additional shower room. There is a garden to the front together with a garage &..."
"Lang Town and country and delighted to offer to the market this semi-detached three-bedroom house, situated in the highly desirable residential area of Stoke within walking distance to Central Park, Plymouth Train Station and the City Centre.
"
"Detached bungalow requiring modernisation located in Elburton. The property comes to the market chain-free & an early viewing is advised. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance porch, hallway, lounge/diner, kitchen, 3 bedrooms & shower room. Integral garage linked to the bungalow via a c..."
"GUIDE PRICE £300,000 TO £320,000 We are delighted to bring to the market this substantial period property which offers flexible accomodation making it an all round great home for larger or multi generational families. The house offers five bedrooms, a study and a games room ..."
Detached family home with two double bedrooms and a single bedroom in Plympton. Seperate lounge with a conservatory leading from the kitchen onto an enclosed rear garden with an open outlook. A driveway for parking and a garage with a small front garden.
"This classic 1950’s semi-detached home is set within a secluded position within Crownhill and boasts a lovely outlook to the front. The accommodation boasts: entrance hall, bay fronted lounge, separate dining area, kitchen, three bedrooms and a four piece bathroom suite. Further benefits include ..."
"Located in a quiet cul-de-sac in a sought after area of Plymstock is this two bedroom semi-detached bungalow. With two double bedrooms, level access, good sized driveway, low maintenance front garden and enclosed rear garden."
"NEWLY RENOVATED IN PEVERELL! Fox and Sons are delighted to present this beautiful newly refurbished and ultra modern three bedroom mid terrace home. Perfect for large families with a fantastic bespoke kitchen and bathroom, a low maintenance rear garden and an exceptional finish throughout. Call now"
"Beautifully-presented period mid-terraced house with generous accommodation briefly comprising an entrance hall with oak flooring, bay-fronted lounge & separate dining room & fitted kitchen. The upper floor hosts 4 double bedrooms, family bathroom, additional shower room & dressing room. Double-g..."
An exceptional opportunity to purchase one of these 6 newly built townhouses situated in a quiet tucked-away position off the beaten track with a gated entrance. Please register your interest by calling our Plymouth office. The plot enjoys fabulous views sweeping from the Plym estuary to Plymouth...
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a 2 bedroom semi-detached bungalow in Plympton with no steps to the property, with parking for 4 cars and a corner plot garden this is a one off"
"SPACIOUS SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH 3 BEDROOMS, 2 RECEPTIONS, GARAGE AND GARDEN SITUATED IN A HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER ROAD"
"Superb extended semi-detached family home situated in this highly popular position with views over the Green. The accommodation comprises an entrance porch & hall, lounge, large open-plan 'L-shaped' kitchen/dining room which in turn opens onto the rear garden. On the first floor there are 3 bedro..."
The 3 bedroom Benford has a spacious and versatile layout which would suit couples and families alike.
"Richmond Walk is an exclusive waterside development of luxury waterside apartments overlooking Stonehouse Creek and Mayflower Marina. Completed in 2009, these exceptionally well-appointed apartments feature a high specification throughout.
"
"This delightful second floor corner apartment offers an open plan living room/kitchen diner with character stone walls and beams, two generously sized bedrooms and a three-piece bathroom. Externally, the property boasts a balcony which benefits from the stunning sea views. This property presents ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £290,000 - £300,000 Located within 'The Old School House' in the highly sought after Mannamead area of Plymouth is this ground floor 2-bedroom apartment in this gorgeous Victorian Villa originally built circa 1840. The flat benefits from its own private garden and the ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £290,000 - £300,000 - Nested in a cul-de-sac location, in the popular location of Turnchapel is this detached level bungalow, complete with a fully enclosed rear garden, driveway parking and a garage. This property has been owned for over 20 years and would make a fantasti..."
Nestled in the prestigious area of Chaddlewood is this idyllic three-bedroom family home. The immaculate finish is very much evident from the moment you step foot inside. The ground floor boasts a freshly decorated living room which effortlessly flows into the newly fitted kitchen diner. As a res...
"GUIDE PRICE £290,000 - £300,0000 Located within the prestigious waterfront development of Millbay, Plymouth is this stunning penthouse apartment which is being offered to the market chain free. This beautifully positioned residence not only offers some of the most amazing vi..."
"This idyllic three bedroom home situated in Saltram Meadow has an abundance of natural light pouring throughout every room. Downstairs comprises a generous kitchen breakfast room with patio doors opening into the rear garden. With the ground floor there is a separate formal dining room, or otherw..."
"A well-presented LINK-DETACHED family home situated in Chaddlewood. The accommodation comprises, entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, DOWNSTAIRS WC, THREE bedrooms, master EN-SUITE & family bathroom. LEVEL PLOT with GENEROUS SIZED enclosed REAR GARDEN, driveway & GARAGE. Close to excellent schools."
"A 4 bed HMO property with en-suite facilities and 1 bedroom self-contained studio flat, enjoying a central location, close to Plymouth University and the City Centre. Currently FULLY LET to working professionals, producing a gross income of £31,020 per annum. EPC - C"
"A fully refurbished three bedroom terraced home in one of Plymouth's most sought after locations. Entrance hall, sitting room, kitchen/breakfast room, cloakroom, three bedrooms (master en suite), family bathroom, gardens, parking, GCH, PVCu D/G"
"NEWLY REFURBISHED HARTLEY HOME! A beautifully presented, ultra modern THREE BEDROOM mid terrace house in one of Plymouth's most sought after locations. Boasting OFF ROAD PARKING and NO ONWARD CHAIN this home would suit any buyer, call Fox and Sons today to view."
"*** LOVELY BUNGALOW IN PLYMPTON *** A wonderful, two bedroom SEMI-DETACHED bungalow, with a DRIVEWAY for multiple cars, GARAGE, impressive front and rear GARDENS situated within a highly POPULAR location. Call Fox & Sons today!"
"A sought after two-bedroom GROUND FLOOR apartment within this magnificent Victorian Villa, enviable use of its OWN COURTYARD GARDEN, in addition to the beautifully maintained southerly communal gardens, secure gated community within this exclusive location, HIGH QUALITY finish throughout. Master ..."
A fantastic well presented two bedroom semi detached bungalow situated in a popular residential cul-de-sac in close proximity to the picturesque Mount Batten and Jennycliff coastline. This property is being sold with vacant possession with no onward chain. The property itself is tucked away in...
"Located in the desirable area of Elburton is this three bedroom semi-detached house which has an amazing outside space, with a rear garden mostly laid to lawn with a spacious decking area, ideal for entertaining. In close proximity to good local schools and village amenities."
"Set within the desired area of Peverell is this immaculate five-bedroom home. This beautiful residence would perfectly suit a large household or even a multi-generational family because of its versatile levels. The ground floor benefits from two expansive rooms, one of which offers access to its ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £290,000 to £300,000 Miller Countrywide are delighted to present this stunning two double bedroom family home. This double fronted property sat on a larger than average corner plot really isn’t one to miss out on. Internally the property offers ..."
"Waterside Office - Set in the heart of Sutton Harbour, offering level access to the historic Barbican and Hoe, is this impressive and modern apartment. The property has gas central heating, double glazing and an entry phone system. The accommodation comprises 2 bedrooms (master en-suite),..."
"This charming and well-presented bungalow is located within a prime central location and has a lovely cottage feel inside. The accommodation offers a lovely living room with wood burner, two good sized double bedrooms, a kitchen and shower room. Further benefits include double glazing, central he..."
"*** IN HIGHLY REGARDED AREA WITH GOOD ROAD LINKS, THIS LARGE FOUR BEDROOMED FAMILY HOME BOASTS THREE-STOREY LIVING SPACE *** Ideal for multi-generational living with good-sized garden and off-road parking to the rear. Accommodation in brief: porch, hall, lounge, dining room, breakfast kitchen, h..."
"Desmond & Co are delighted to offer this well proportioned three bedroom townhouse to the market. Well positioned in a very popular Barratt David Wilson development the property offers off road parking for two cars, two en-suite bedrooms, good size living space and benefits from an NHBC gu..."
"Spacious four bedroom semi detached family home situated on a larger than average plot within the popular location of Maddock Drive, Plympton and just a stones throw away from Yealmpstone Farm primary School. The property is offered to the market with no onward chain and benefits from driveway parki"
Wonderfully presented 3 bed semi detached house located in Plymouth Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Spacious and cosy living room Master bedroom with en-suite shower room Second double bedroom<...
"This extremely well presented modern Semi Detached bungalow offers THREE BEDROOMS, MODERN FITTED KITCHEN, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, LOFT CONVERSION PROVIDING BEDROOM WITH STORAGE, DRIVEWAY PARKING FOR THREE CARS AND A STUNNING SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN. An early viewing is strongly advised!"
"Split-level semi-detached family home with a generous south-facing garden backing onto countryside. The accommodation has been extended to the rear with a lounge leading through to a conservatory/dining room. In addition there is a kitchen/breakfast room, downstairs cloakroom/wc together with 3 b..."
"CORNER PLOT SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE WITH GARAGE This home has been owned by the current residents for 50 years and has been a wonderful family home for them, they are hoping for the new owners to enjoy it as much as they have. Situated on a generous corner plot, with three bedrooms, parking..."
"Family home located in the favourable Redwood Heights development in Chaddlewood, Plympton with three double bedrooms, a huge master ensuite room and generous lounge-diner with French doors to the rear garden. Parking for 2 cars at the front of the house & enclosed landscaped gardens. The rece..."
"""WELL PRESENTED"" Three bedroom semi-detached family home. Two double bedrooms, master with en-suit and a single bedroom. Modern Bathroom upstairs. Modern kitchen with a separate lounge and a down stairs toilet. An enclosed rear garden and driveway for two cars. ""MUST VIEW"" Built in 2018."
"A stunning three bedroom end of terrace family home located in Pennycross. This property benefits from off road parking for two vehicles, immaculate presentation and a fully enclosed rear garden"
"A beautifully presented extended family home in the popular area of Beacon Park. Upon entering the property, you will be blown away by the modern décor and spacious rooms throughout. On the ground floor is a large living room with a bay window and feature fireplace. An opening leads into t..."
"A large and palatial garden apartment situated within Mannamead.
This spacious self-contained maisonette, situated within a Victorian, former gentleman's residence has been re-modelled and re-furbished over recent years and now boasts a modern fitted kitchen and four piece bathroom suite. Upon i..."
"*** Guide Price £280,000 - £300,000 ***
A delightful two bedroom period cottage with additional loft room.
This former railway cottage is located on on the outskirts of Brixton and is ideally placed for those enjoying the outdoors, with foot paths and byways running along side. The prop..."
"Semi-detached house with accommodation comprising an entrance hall, open-plan lounge/dining room to the front, kitchen, 3 bedrooms & bathroom. Driveway & garage. Front garden & westerly-facing rear garden. Double-glazing & central heating."
"IMMACULATE THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME - HIGHLY DESIRABLE ADDRESS WITHIN WOODFORD - MODERN OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER - GENEROUS PROPORTIONS THROUGHOUT - EXTENSIVE SOUTH WESTERLY FACING REAR GARDEN - SHARED DRIVEWAY & GARAGE - EASY ACCESS TO GREAT SCHOOLS, NURSERY, BUS LINKS & AMENITIES"
"Three Bedroom Semi Detached Home Guide Price £280,000 to £290,000 This semi-detached family home situated in a popular residential area of Plympton. With one light & airy reception room forming the lounge/dining room, fitted kitchen, three bedrooms, shower room &..."
"A beautifully presented fourth floor apartment being offered to the market chain free. Accommodation comprises of Entrance Hall, Useful Built-in storage cupboard, family bathroom with a three-piece suite offering bath and overhead shower, wash hand basin with large wall mirror over, l..."
Available to the market for the first time on over 60 years is this spacious detached bungalow. Situated on a fantastic size plot with development potential for a separate dwelling (subject to planning). The property has extensive grounds to both the front and the rear and from its elevated po...
"Guide Price £280,000 - £290,000 Well proportioned two double bedroomed detached bungalow built in the 1930s/40s, standing on a generous sized wide plot, having planning approval for large double storey extension to create a spacious family home. Lying in a prime position in Higher Compton."
"2 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW Set within the idyllic area of Plymstock, just a stone throw away from The Broadway, Bradleys are delighted to present this spacious 2 bedroom bungalow. With a touch of modernisation this property would make the perfect home. Also offering a garage and..."
"Positioned in a tree lined street in the SOUGHT AFTER area of PEVERELL is this EDWARDIAN, 3 bedroom, FAMILY HOME. Boasting CHARACTER features, EXTENDED kitchen and a SOUTH FACING low maintenance garden. Located just a stones throw to Central PARK, close to Hyde Park shops, schools and bus routes...."
"Victorian End of Terrace centrally located Investment property Set out in four self-contained units. Comprising of Three Studio Flats, one 1 bedroom flat and garage. Ideal Investment property - viewing highly recommended."
"** Offers In Excess Of £280,000 ** This semi detached family home is beautifully presented throughout. Internally the generous accommodation boasts a bay fronted lounge, separate dining area, kitchen/breakfast room, three good sized bedrooms, family bathroom and a downstairs wc. Further ..."
This attractive three-bedroom property exceeds every expectation and is substantially larger than first perceived. The gorgeous semi-detached home is incredibly unique with an entire third floor to the property situated below. The property now boasts undeniable versatility and offers a wealth of ...
"Two Bedroom Semi Detached Bungalow Delightful bungalow located in the desirable area of Merafield, Plympton. With the lounge located to the front of the property with extensive views over Plympton, extending out to dartmoor. This home is full of light with well proportioned rooms. Two d..."
"This well-presented home is located within the Popular Manadon Park development. Internally the accommodation offers: entrance hall, lounge/dining room, kitchen, downstairs wc, three bedrooms, en-suite and the shower room. Further benefits include double glazing, central heating and externally th..."
"Set in the desirable and sought after area of Lipson is this period terraced property. This property has been utilised as an HMO since around 2015 and has previously bought an income in excess of £24,000 per annum when fully let. The licence allows for this particular property to be r..."
"Guide Price £280,000 - £290,000. Aspire Estate Agents are proud to present this gorgeous three-bedroom, semi-detached home with large garden and parking. Accommodation comprises porch - hallway - living room - kitchen/diner - stair - landing - bedroom one - bedroom two - bedroom th..."
"GUIDE PRICE £280,000 - £290,000 Positioned within the popular residential area of Peverell is this 3-bedroom family home perfectly located close to Central Park and Hyde Park with its popular school and array of shops. The main front door leads into the hallway with doors off ..."
"*** Guide Price £280,000 - £300,000 ***
A centrally located investment property.
This period town house is situated within Lipson, the house is walking distance from Freedom Fields Park, Mutley Plain, Plymouth University and the City Centre. Upon inspection you will find an entrance ves..."
"**SOLD WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN** Beacon Park Road is home to this modern town house, which is being offer to the market with no onward chain. Benefitting from three bedrooms, spacious rear garden and a garage this one is not to be missed. Call Bradleys on ."
"An extended 3 bedroom semi detached house in Elburton with a shared drive garage and workshop all with close proximity to Elburton village and fantastic schooling. 
"
"GUIDE PRICE - £280,000 - £290,000 - Located in a much sought after area of Plymstock within easy walking distance of Plymstock Broadway is this semi-detached bungalow, complete with ample parking space for three cars, a garage and a private rear garden. Accomodation comprises e..."
"Wonderfully presented ground floor apartment, with large living space, separate kitchen/breakfast room, newly installed shower room & access to secure off road parking. Viewing highly advised."
"FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE Positioned in the heart of Plymstock, is this generously sized four bedroom family home. This home is in need of a touch of modernisation, but offers off street parking, a garage and front and rear gardens. Call Bradleys Plymstock on to book..."
"This SPECTACULAR three bedroom END TERRACED townhouse located in a quiet CUL-DE-SAC with walking distance to the Ridgeway. GENEROUS SIZED bedrooms with family bathroom, Jack & Jill shower room and a FANTASTIC SIZED CONSERVATORY with enclosed REAR GARDEN. INTEGRAL GARAGE and DRIVEWAY for 2 cars."
"This fantastic FOUR bedroom SEMI-DETACHED family home is located in a quiet residential CUL-DE-SAC. Comprising: Entrance porch and hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, utility room, CONSERVATORY, downstairs WC, four bedrooms, family bathroom, front and rear gardens, GARAGE and driveway for 2 cars."
"A very well-presented Two DOUBLE BEDROOM upper floor purpose built apartment in St Marys Court with WONDERFUL VIEWS. The SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION offers an open plan living area with a modern fitted kitchen, CONTEMPORARY bathroom, double glazing, allocated parking and NEW electric heating throughout."
"End-terraced family home with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance porch, spacious entrance hall with downstairs cloakroom/wc leading to a lounge/dining room & fitted kitchen. On the first floor a generous landing provides access to 3 double bedrooms & a bathroom. Externally there is a la..."
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH GARAGE Bradleys are delighted to the market this beautiful and immaculately presented three bedroom family home with master en-suite, also offering a garage, garden, downstairs WC and parking. Don't miss out, call our Plymstock office on ..."
"This beautifully presented bungalow is located within the popular residential area of Crownhill. Internally the accommodation offers two well-proportioned bedrooms, lounge, modern kitchen, shower room and a conservatory/dining area. Further benefits include double glazing, central heating and ext..."
"We are proud to offer this Five Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £275,000 - £295,000*"
"Superbly-presented semi-detached bungalow situated in this highly popular road. The accommodation briefly comprises a spacious entrance hall, lounge/dining room, beautifully-fitted kitchen, 2 double bedrooms & bathroom. Extended to the rear is a conservatory leading onto the garden. Front & rear ..."
"Incredibly spacious semi-detached dormer bungalow which has been extended up into the roof space & to the rear. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hallway, large extended triple aspect lounge/dining room, kitchen, large bathroom, 3 double bedrooms & additional first floor wc. Garage ..."
"This deceptively spacious period home is located in a prime central location and lies close to nearby parkland. Internally the property boasts accommodation arranged over three floors and comprises a good sized lounge, dining area, kitchen, four bedrooms (three doubles), en-suite to bedroom 1 and..."
"WATERSIDE OFFICE - A new development of stylish, contemporary one and two bedroom apartments, all benefiting from balcony or terrace views and located in the heart of Plymouth. The central location of Peirson House means that you'll be perfectly placed to enjoy all that Plymouth has to off..."
"We have great pleasure in bringing this fantastic versatile period Townhouse to the market, located on the edge of Freedom Park in the sought after area of Lipson. The property is of a late Georgian, early Victorian style and boasts accommodation over three floors. To the ground ..."
"A gorgeous and extended 3 bedroom mid terrace family home in Mutley, close to local shops and amenities, while also being perfectly situated close to Plymouth Train Station and the University. The house as mentioned benefits from a stunning extension to the rear of the property creating a superb ..."
"GUIDE PRICE £270,000 - £275,000 A gorgeous two double bedroom property located in the desirable Peverell area of Plymouth, perfectly located nearby to Central Park and within easy reach of Hyde Park. The house has been fitted with a gorgeous modern kitchen, stylish decoration thro..."
"Newly refurbished throughout to a high standard. Currently arranged as two flats, the accommodation offers a ready to go buy-to-let investment opportunity. Situated in the popular residential area of St Budeaux, the property is close to local amenities, schools and has great transport links."
"**FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** Arranged as four flats under one title, this property would make a fantastic investment. Each flat is metered separately and comes with EPC's and comes under council tax band A. Properties arranged like this are extremely popular, and do not hand aro..."
"GUIDE PRICE - £270,000 - £280,000 - Nestled in a cul-de-sac location, is this semi-detached bungalow with views towards Hooe Lake and Dartmoor. The property is complete with an enclosed rear garden mostly laid to lawn, with under house storage, and a garage in a separate block. With t..."
"Located within the Vision development is this truly stunning 4 bedroom house which has been immaculately presented to a level of show home standards. A perfect example of contemporary living, providing a sleek modern finish throughout that contrasts well against the colour schemes that the owners..."
"This stunning Double-Fronted Period Mid Terrace home is situated within the sought-after area of Stoke which provides a vast range of amenities, Devonport Dockyard is nearby and there is good public transport links. Arranged on three levels, this spacious, well-presented home needs to be viewed earl"
More Than Meets The Eye In MutleyHalford and Homes bring to the market this spacious family home located in the residential area of Mutley on the edge of Central Park. Perfectly located a short distance from Plymouth City Centre but offering all the necessities a growing family c...
"Charming Victorian home with three double bedrooms, two reception rooms, a plethora of period features & large kitchen/breakfast room. Complete with private rear courtyard garden with garage door."
"Located a short walk from the Ridgeway in Plympton and offered with no onward chain is this semi detached property with the benefits of having double glazing, gas central heating, driveway parking and garage and front and rear gardens. The house has accommodation comprising of lounge, dining room..."
"Being sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £270,000. This property will be legally prepared enabling any interested buyer to secure the property immediately once their bid/offer has been accepted. Ultimately a transparent process which provides ..."
*FOR SALE VIA ONLINE AUCTION: terms and conditions apply* We are pleased to offer to auction this 7 bedroom property in need of modernisation. This substantial end of terrace property offers huge potential and can be available with vacant possession and no onward chain. Currently arranged as r...
Wonderfully presented 4 bed detached house located in Plymouth Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Spacious and cosy living room with feature fireplace Bright and roomy dining room Master bedroom <...
"INVESTORS / FIRST TIME BUYERS Two bedroom upper floor flat benefiting from lounge, kitchen, SPACIOUS BATHROOM and communal gardens situated within close walking distance to the Ridgeway. No onward chain."
Located in this lovely and highly respected residential 'family' area is this 4 bedroomed semi detached family home positioned in a quiet cul-de-sac. Off the reception hallway there is a fabulous large living room to the front. the kitchen / diner is one big stylish room which is the heart to thi...
"DC Lane are thrilled to showcase this superb apartment within the iconic Grade II listed building 'The Pearn' set within communal landscaped grounds in the highly sought after area of Hartley within easy reach of local amenities, City Centre and the A38. The Pearn was constructed in the ..."
"SUPERB PERIOD HOME OFFERING EXCELLENT POTENTIAL WITH SEPARATE SELF CONTAINED ONE BEDROOM FLAT. OFF STREET PARKING AND SITUATED IN A DESIRABLE LOCATION WITHIN HYDE PARK PRIMARY CATCHMENT AREA! The property still requires some finishing off but offers versatility and potential ""home with i..."
"**Re- Available** Fantastic home located in Chaddlewood offering spacious & open plan internal accommodation perfect for family living. Open plan lounge/dining room, seperate modern kitchen and conservatory located to the rear, having a pleasant outlook onto the enclosed southerly f..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN A modern, well presented property throughout situated in a new development at Saltram Meadow. This property benefits from off road parking, a garage and an south facing enclosed garden. A perfect family home or investment property. (availability for freehold to be purc..."
"Offering an abundance of charm & character is this lovely 3 bedroom Grade II listed cottage which is being sold with no onward chain. The property is located in central Plymstock & is convenient for all the local amenities. The accommodation briefly comprises 3 bedrooms, with one bedroom sub-divi..."
"Superbly-presented family home with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance porch, lounge, inner hallway with downstairs cloakroom/wc, open-plan kitchen/dining room opening onto the landscaped south-westerly facing rear garden, 3 double bedrooms & bathroom. Driveway & front garden. Double-gl..."
3 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE Bradleys are delighted to present this 3 bedroom semi-detached house situated in the sought after area of Elburton. This property is within close proximity to local shops and schools and surrounded by woodland which are great for walks. This property would...
"Semi-detached house situated in this ever popular location close to central Plymstock. The property is being sold with no onward chain. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall, dual aspect lounge/dining room, split-level kitchen, 3 bedrooms & a bathroom. Integral garage & brick-paved..."
"Positioned in the popular area of Derriford, this modern three bedroom home has an attractive south facing garden, rear woodland views and lies close to a nearby nature reserve with local walks and cycle path. The well presented accommodation comprises: entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen/d..."
"****GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £270,000**** Situated within the popular area of Eggbuckland, Plymouth is this well presented family home that is conveniently nestled within a quiet cul-de-sac road. This deceivingly large residence offers many advantages which include, off street..."
"*** Guide Price £260,000 - £270,000 *** Fantastic opportunity to purchase this three bedroom semi detached family home situated in Carew Avenue. Close to local shopping amenities, Shakespeare Primary school, Derriford Hospital and links to the A38 are only a short distance away"
"DC Lane are delighted to present to the market this modern three bedroom family home located in a cul-de-sac in Woodford, Plympton within easy reach of excellent schools, local amenities, the A38 and all major routes. Offering spacious family living and entertaining areas the property of..."
"Set within the very sought after location of Beacon Park is this beautifully maintained detached bungalow with level access. This charming home has recently undergone decorative works throughout and as a result is presented to a high standard and would appeal to first time buyers, prof..."
"A spacious and well presented three double bedroom semi detached property situated in a quiet residential cul de sac well placed for local amenities. The living accommodation which is arranged over two levels comprises: entrance hall, lounge leading through to a dining area and modern fitted kitc..."
"A delightful apartment located within a much sought-after development on Plymouth's historic Hoe. Built-in 2006, the development offers a range of attractive apartments, all with parking, which have continued to be popular with those looking for a lifestyle change. Accommodation compri..."
DESIRABLE THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED - OFFERS EASY ACCESS BORINGDON PRIMARY SCHOOL - ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN - PORCH - DOWNSTAIRS CLOAKROOM - GOOD SIZE HALLWAY - DOUBLE GLAZING - GARAGE - EXTENSIVE PRIVATE DRIVEWAY - IDEAL FAMILY HOME - NO ONWARD CHAIN
"This particularly well presented modern home benefits from an attractive south facing open aspect to the rear. The accommodation comprises: entrance hall, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen/dining room, three bedrooms, en-suite shower room and a family bathroom. Externally the property has an attractive ..."
"A CENTRAL 5 letting room house (4 doubles and 1 single), producing a gross INCOME of £22,088 per annum. Currently FULLY LET until July 2023 and RE-LET for 2023/24 at £24,860 a year INCOME. MINUTES from Plymouth UNIVERSITY campus, a stones throw from Plymouth TRAIN STATION and walking di..."
"Two Bedroom Semi-Detached Bungalow. UNEXPECTEDLY RE-AVALIBLE This well-appointed Bungalow in the popular location of Colebrook is a must to view. The property consists of lounge/dining room, kitchen, two bedrooms & shower room. Other benefits include double glazing, gas central..."
"This sizable three bedroom semi-detached home offers two numbered allocated parking spaces, large enclosed rear garden, ensuite to the master bedroom and has the added bonus of being chain free! This property has an extremely spacious feeling throughout and gives off a bright and airy atmosphere."
Stunning and spacious one bedroom apartment - Generous proportions throughout - Beautifully presented offering a home you could slot right into - Lovely grand building which is well maintained - Lift & stair access to top floor - South facing communal rear garden - Allocated parking space
This well presented semi detached property is located in this central area of Keyham and on the doorstep of the Plymouth Dockyard. The ground floor accommodation boasts a generous living / dining space which is open plan to the contemporary kitchen to the rear of the property. ...
"A beautifully presented semi detached house set in the popular and sought after ""Holly Park Development"" which will make a wonderful home for a growing family. Situated in a convenient location on the fringe of the city with superb access to Tamerton Foliot and its many amenities, schoo..."
"The property is within easy access to The A38, Mount Gould Hospital and local amenities, making this a perfect property for someone looking for either their first time buy or a family home. THREE BEDROOMS, SPACIOUS KITCHEN/DINER AND BATHROOM. Boasting estuary views, early viewing is advised!"
"**LARGE FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOME** Saltash Road is home to this large four bedroom period property, Boasting four double bedrooms, three reception rooms and an enclosed courtyard to the year. Located only a stones throw away from Devonport Dockyard and offering good access to the whole ..."
"- GUIDE PRICE £270,000 - Beautifully presented bungalow that offers spacious accommodation and a fantastic rear garden. The property boasts a large lounge, newly fitted modern kitchen, three bedrooms, shower room and separate w.c"
"Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this fantastic two bedroom first floor apartment situated within a private road off of Hawkins Close, Derriford. This wonderfully spacious apartment offers accommodation comprising private entrance, large open landing, fitted kitchen, feature b..."
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 - £270,000 Spanning over 2,290 sq. ft of living space is this well-proportioned residence which is nestled within Stonehouse, Plymouth. This versatile home offers a range of rooms that are set over three floors and offer many benefits, whether that be fo..."
"*** A GREAT OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE A FREEHOLD PROPERTY SPLIT INTO TWO FLATS. ***
The ground floor flat is a self-contained one bedroomed flat with separate lounge, dining kitchen and bathroom with courtyard garden. The upstairs is a duplex apartment over two levels with lounge, kitchen and three..."
"FIVE BED FAMILY HOME! Fox and Son's are delighted to present this spacious, characterful mid terrace period property, perfect for large families with THREE RECEPTION ROOMS and TWO CLOAKROOMS! With OFF ROAD PARKING in a central location we expect high interest, call us on to view TODAY!"
"Situated in the popular area of Millbay, we welcome this immaculate three bedroom townhouse. Upon entering the property, you will find bedroom three, a downstairs cloakroom and kitchen on the ground floor. From the kitchen there is access onto the decked garden and parking. "
"GUIDE PRICE £260,000 TO £270,000 This immaculately presented three bedroom property is a credit to it's current owners. This propertry is not the average home. With en-suite, ground floor w.c and two parking spaces it really does exceed expectations it is not one to be misse..."
"GORGEOUS MOUNT GOULD ROAD HOME! Fox and Sons are delighted to present this beautiful, characterful mid terrace period property, perfect for large families with THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS and TWO BATHROOMS! With NO ONWARD CHAIN we expect high interest so call to view at your earliest convenience."
"Bungalow with Conservatory & level Garden - No chain Your Move are delighted to offer to the market this pretty detached bungalow set in the sought after location of Beacon Park. West Down Road offers 2 double bedrooms , lounge, kitchen , dining area & utility room . In additi..."
"Moving On are delighted to offer this completely refurbished three bedroom semi detached house with gardens and garage situated in the Higher Compton area of Plymouth. Accommodation consists of lounge, kitchen/diner, three bedrooms and a bathroom. Newly decorated throughout and benefiting from ..."
"The Cartwright is a larger than average two bedroom home with a bright, open plan kitchen/dining room and a large living room with French doors leading out to the rear garden. Both bedrooms are generously sized and the home benefits from ample built-in storage solutions as well as the ..."
The two bedroom Ashenford is an ideal starter home.
The two bedroom Ashenford is a great way to get on the property ladder
"GUIDE PRICE £255,000 - £265,000 A fantastic opportunity to purchase this 3 double bedroom semi-detached family home, in this popular residential area of Plymouth, close to local amenities and schools. The main front door leads into the main hallway which has doors off to rooms..."
"*Guide Price £250,000 to £275,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this fantastic opportunity to acquire this versatile late Victorian townhouse situated on a highly sought after road in Stoke but close to the Millbridge boundary. This generously proportioned home is current..."
"GUIDE PRICE: £250,000 - £260,000. This lovely home has been tastefully modernised by the current owners and is perfect for anyone looking to move straight in! The accommodation itself comprises lounge, modern fitted kitchen, two double bedrooms and bathroom."
"Waterside Office* Video Tour Available*  Lang Town And Country are offering a delightful grade II listed property in the heart of the historic Barbican within only moments' walk of a vibrant array of shops, restaurants, cafes and bars set adjacent to Sutton Harbour. 
"
"Aspire Estate Agents are proud to present this lovely three bedroom semi-detached home, situated in the vibrant area of Stoke Damerel, meters away from several parks, an abundance of shops, cafés, schools and much more. Accommodation comprises hallway, cloakroom, kitchen, living room/diner (wi..."
Two Bedroom Cottage & Land with Planning The proposed 4 bedroom new build property is a cost effective construction. Berry Cottage (currently an end terrace) is an ideal property for builder’s welfare during the new build construction and storage of materials. There is a...
"Tucked away in a quiet cul de sac in Crownhill is this lovely 1950's semi detached house. The accommodation comprises of entrance hallway, lounge/diner, kitchen, conservatory, three bedrooms and a family bathroom. To the front of the property you will find a shared driveway which leads to a sing..."
"Introducing to the market this first floor two double bedroom apartment, located in the sought after area of PL6 and is definitely not one to be missed. This immaculate home has so much to offer and its free-flowing, bright and welcoming layout has been intelligently thought out to suit buyers o..."
"Charming Victorian home opening onto Tothill Park. Complete with four bedrooms, two reception rooms, a modern shower room & south facing rear courtyard garden."
"This well-presented end of terrace house is situated in Lee Mill, Ivybridge. The accommodation comprises; a lounge, modern kitchen/diner, utility room, downstairs shower room, three bedrooms (2dbls;1sng) and a family bathroom. There is parking available for two cars at the front of the pr..."
• Four Bedroom Mid Terraced House • Fantastic Family Home/Buy To Let Investment • Superbly Presented Throughout • South Facing Private Rear Garden • Positioned In A Quiet Road Close to Mutley Plain & Within Walking Distance to City Centre & Uni...
"Situated within a highly popular and desirable cul de sac, this imposing, delightful, traditional semi-detached residence.
"
"*Guide Price £250,000* - Situated on a corner plot is this three bedroom end of terrace home. Benefiting form a double garage, far reaching views across to the Tamar Bridge and located close to great local amenities - this property would make a lovely family home."
"Fulfords are excited to present this three bed end of terrace family home. situated at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac. It offers ample living accommodation for the growing family. Located in popular area of Roborough, a stone’s throw from Dartmoor and close to local amenities, with the perfe..."
A substantially spaced three double bedroom mid terraced period property nestled in the heart of stoke close to a host of local amenities. This charming residence benefits from extensive living accommodation. Early viewing is highly advised!
"Impressive family home which has been refurbished and beautifully decorated. The property offers spacious accommodation including two reception rooms, a kitchen/breakfast room, utility room, four bedrooms and a family bathroom. With a south facing garden and driveway - could this be your dream home?"
"A beautifully appointed semi detached, modern family home. Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Sitting Room, Three Bedrooms, Master En Suite, Bathroom, Driveway, West Facing Garden, GCH, PVCu Double Glazing"
"This spacious semi-detached home is located within close proximity of Derriford Hospital and sits on a good-sized plot. Internally the accommodation offers spacious lounge, separate dining area, kitchen, three good sized double bedrooms, bathroom and a downstairs wc. Further benefits include doub..."
"This semi-detached home with three bedrooms, two reception rooms, and a large kitchen, provides ample space for modernization and customization. Although the property requires work, it is located in a prime area with stunning views overlooking the river Plym, The outside area is perfec..."
"Mid-terraced period style house, extended to the rear, recently re-plastered & decorated with brand new carpets throughout. The accommodation briefly comprises lounge & separate dining room, kitchen, 3 bedrooms, wet room & separate wc. Close to local amenities & secondary schools within walking d..."
"Situated in the popular area of Peverell, this mid terraced bay fronted residence occupies a fabulous location, just a stone's throw to Central Park and with excellent local facilities including Hyde Park shopping parade, Hyde Park primary school and regular public transport to the City Ce..."
"This semi detached home offers two reception rooms, a fitted kitchen, three sizeable bedrooms, a four piece bathroom and a large garage with electric shutters."
"FOUR BEDROOMS IN EGGBUCKLAND! A deceptively spacious, very well presented semi detached house arranged over four floors, in a highly sought after cul-de-sac location. Perfect for first time buyers or growing families, with a beautiful enclosed garden and OFF ROAD PARKING! Call to view today!"
"A superb end of terrace house packed with features incorporating THREE SPACIOUS DOUBLE BEDROMS, master with ensuite shower room and walk-in wardrobe, OVER-SIZED SINGLE GARAGE, wood burner, modern kitchen/breakfast room, OWNED SOLAR PANELS, fruit cage, low maintenance gardens. No Onward Chain."
"*Guide Price - £250,000 - £275,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this exquisite garden apartment situated in a stunning converted Villa. This beautiful home was refurbished approximately 4 years ago and boasts spacious accommodation which encapsulates the unique private ga..."
"Benefiting from front and rear gardens, a garage, a newly fitted bathroom and close links to the A38, this is a must see period property which offers spacious accommodation and is situated in the popular area of St Budeaux."
*** NO ONWARD CHAIN *** There are two double bedrooms and a good sized single with bathroom upstairs. A separate kitchen and a open plan lounge diner with double glazed patio doors to the rear garden. Front and rear garden. Driveway and garage.
"FANTASTIC FOUR BEDROOM PROPERTY! Fox and Son's are delighted to present this modern, recently renovated home perfect for large families or sharers, with FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS and two large reception rooms! With a modern kitchen and bathroom this home would satisfy any lucky buyer, call to view TODAY!"
"A unique opportunity to acquire this well-presented detached bungalow which is tucked away in a quiet location. Boasting a large gated driveway and spacious accommodation , this property is not to be missed!"
"This well presented property set in a fantastic location close to local amenities, transport links and green spaces makes this home perfect for a family. The property offers a tasteful living space on the ground floor, with a spacious living room followed by a dining room and kitchen which is fin..."
"**OFFERS OVER £250,000** We are delighted to present this three bedroom semi-detached home. Benefiting from a garage and drive, a fantastic sized rear garden, three bedrooms and downstairs cloakroom. To view please call us on . ER - D."
"****GUIDE PRICE £250,000 - £260,000**** Located only a stone’s throw away from the city of Plymouth is this stunningly presented period home that oozes charm and elegance with its traditional décor. The property offers many benefits which include, 2 reception ro..."
Barn Conversion | 2 Bedrooms | Carport and off road parking area | Garden backing on to woodland | Worcester Gas Combi Boiler | Open living area | No onward chain | EPC D
"A BEAUTIFUL and WELL LOCATED two DOUBLE bedroom BUNGALOW, situated in the popular residential area of Merafield, On bus routes and with easy access to main roads, the property already in GREAT CONDITION offers a lot of POTENTIAL if wished to be extended and easy access to bus routes"
"Located in a corner, cul-de-sac position in this quiet, family area. Would benefit from redecorating & offers spacious living together with a garden, parking & garage. Hall, living room, kitchen/diner, w/c, 3 good size bedrooms, PVCu D/G, GCH. No chain"
"This semi-detached house is situated in Manadon Park, Plymouth. The accommodation comprises; a lounge, recently refitted kitchen/diner, downstairs WC, three bedrooms(2dbls;1sng) and a family bathroom. There is a good size rear garden, a garage at the rear of the property and driveway parking. ..."
"*** A RARE & EXCITING INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY!! *** This is a chance to buy a three-story freehold property in the heart of Plymouth currently arranged as two separate apartments with wonderful income potential! There is a one bedroom basement apartment with large garden, spacious modern k..."
"Beautifully presented family home, with private south facing rear gardens, open plan kitchen/breakfast room, lounge & en-suite. Complete with three bedrooms, cloakroom & two allocated parking spaces. No onward chain & viewing highly advised."
*SPACIOUS & WELL PRESENTED FAMILY HOME *THREE BEDROOMS *TWO RECEPTION ROOMS *OFF ROAD PARKING *ENCLOSED REAR COURTYARD GARDEN *MODERN FITTED KITCHEN & BATHROOM *CONVENIENT CENTRAL LOCATION
"GUIDE PRICE - £250,000 - £260,000 Beautifully presented semi detached family home situated in Reddicliff Close. Offered with spacious accommodation in a desirable location with three bedrooms, parking and garage. NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"3 Bedroom end terrace house in central Plymstock with a south facing garden and within close proximity to excellent schooling. The property has a Video Tour which we recommend watching. 
"
"This CHARACTER COTTAGE is walking distance to the BEAUTIFUL Saltram National Park, and a sought after location in a PRIVATE residential area. Spacious bedrooms and a large COSY lounge and a galley style kitchen, Allocated parking and a large PRIVATE garden. POTENTIAL FOR MODERNISATION."
"Situated on Wentwood Gardens, Thornbury. Yopa Plymouth are delighted to be showing this extended three bedroom semi detached family home. The property boasts a driveway and garage and is offered with no onward chain."
• Extremely Spacious Victorian Terraced Family Home • Beautifully Presented Throughout • Arranged Over Three Floors • Four Bedrooms • Situated Conveniently Close To Devonport Dockyard • Two Reception Rooms • Modern Fitted Kitchen &a...
"Being sold with no onward chain and occupying a fabulous location on one of the desirable 'Park Roads' is this bay fronted mid terraced Edwardian house. The house retains a wealth of period and character features such as, ornate ceiling mouldings, dado rails, balustrade staircase and a..."
"A perfect family home not to be missed! Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location on a modern development we are delighted to be showing this three double bedroom home. Including two allocated parking spaces, Downstairs W/C, En-suite and a level and sunny rear garden."
"Deposit contribution worth over £12,000 now available*!Welcome to The Gidleigh, a stunning 3 bedroom home.
Entering into the home you will find an open plan kitchen/ dining room with patio doors leading out to the garden, a separate sitting room and a useful downstair cloakroom.
Mov..."
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT! GUIDE PRICE: £240,000 - £250,000. A truly spectacular ground floor apartment with it's own PRIVATE GARDEN, PRIVATE PARKING, and immaculate presentation throughout. In a highly sought after central location this property must be seen to be fully appreciated!"
"GUIDE PRICE - £ 240,000 - £ 250,000 Situated in the ever popular Mutley area of Plymouth is this Semi Detached house offering open plan lounge/diner, modern fitted kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom with separate w.c., rear garden and the added bonus of a garage. Convenient location!"
"Semi-detached property located close to Crownhill with no onward chain. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, conservatory, 3 bedrooms & a family shower room. Driveway providing off-road parking for several cars. Low maintenance southerly-facing rear garden...."
Delightful Three bedroom semi detached - Double driveway - Beautifully presented throughout - Lovely tucked away position - Upgraded kitchen/diner - 8 Years remaining on NHBC warranty - Downstairs cloakroom - Generous garden - Ideal family home close to amenities & schools
"In the popular location of Mannamead, close to a number of amenities and attractions is this spacious three bedroom terrace property. Offering plenty of space and potential with a garage, large garden and even a cellar space. "
This beautiful spacious three bedroom semi-detached property offers a plethora of quality designs and features. It uniquely benefits from stunning far reaching panoramic views.
"A chance to acquire a fantastic investment opportunity. Current arranged as two double bedroom ground and first floor flats, this substantially spaced end of terraced property has the benefits of being walking distance to the city centre, whilst maintainin easy aaccesto the A38 and local bus routes."
"This particularly well presented first floor apartment is positioned in the prestigious Ocean Court development and boasts exceptional uninterrupted views over the River Tamar and the Mount Edgcumbe estate. Located adjacent to Mayflower International Marina, with a popular bistro restaurant, Ocea..."
"Situated in the highly sought after area of Hooe, is this enviable corner plot, end of terraced property that has been a family home for over 40 years. Complete with a wraparound garden, with the opportunity to create off road parking subject to planning permission. Conveniently close to local am..."
Aspire Estate Agents are excited to present this stunning three-bedroom semi-detached home with off-road parking for two vehicles. Accommodation comprises hallway - living room - cloakroom - kitchen/diner - stairs - landing - bedroom one - bedroom two - bedroom three - bathroom - off-road park...
DETACHED THREE BEDROOM BUNGALOW IN HOOE A great opportunity to create your own beautiful living space since the property is in need of updating but has a lot of space to offer. The courtyard benefits from being South facing and the property is located close to Jennycliff beach as well ...
"GUIDE PRICE £240,000 TO £250,000 Bradleys are delighted to bring to the market this beautiful character cottage, which has been tastefully modernised by its current owner, and is a must to view in order to be appreciated. The property has undergone extensive work to bring it..."
"Extended semi-detached house with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance porch & hallway, dual aspect lounge/dining room, kitchen & rear porch. On the first floor there are 3 double bedrooms, family bathroom & master ensuite shower room. Other features include a garage, driveway & an outbui..."
"FANTASTIC FORT AUSTIN HOME!! A deceptively spacious THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM semi detached family home, in a highly sought after and exclusive private street in Crownhill. Perfect for first time buyers or growing families, with a beautiful enclosed garden, conservatory and PRIVATE PARKING! CALL NOW!"
"Situated to the north of the city of Plymouth is this modern End of Terrace house comprising spacious Lounge/Diner with patio doors out onto the rear garden, Modern Fitted Kitchen, Three Bedrooms, Shower Room and separate W.C. The house is tastefully decorated throughout."
"Spacious three bedroom semi detached - No onward chain - Driveway and garage - South facing garden - Great location for schools, amenities, and commuter links - Fantastic family home - Great property for adding your own mark to"
This is a fantastic opportunity to acquire this end of terrace house extending to in excess of 2000 sq ft with huge potential to extend further or re-configure and develop subject to planning permission. The property which was once a coal merchants occupies a corner plot with rear access to th...
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this most spacious & versatile Victorian end-of-terrace house, conveniently situated at the end of a residential cul-de-sac, adjacent to Central Park. This property is adaptable and has potential for both an investor looking for a prime location ,or as..."
"Offers In region of £240,000 This is one for all you investors out there! Camden Street, This four bedroom property is loosely arranged as two flats, let to working professionals currently contacted until August 2022. The property currently is earning £5200 Per..."
"Lang Town and Country are pleased to offer this fantastic, period apartment in situated in a very convenient location, close to Mutley Plain and within easy access of Plymouth City Centre.
"
"Guide Price £240,000 - £250,000 A fantastic opportunity to purchase this renovated/modernised 3 bedroom spacious and versatile family home offering accommodation over three floors. The property has been fitted with a gorgeous modern kitchen, stylish bathroom and many other upgrade..."
"Situated in Dudley Road, Plympton is this semi-detached property, complete with a generous rear garden, shared driveway parking and a garage. Accommodation briefly comprises of an entrance hall with access to the spacious lounge diner with dual aspect windows, through to the fitted kitchen with g..."
Spacious three bedroom semi-detached family home situated in the popular residential area of St Budeaux. This property is immaculately presented and has been redecorated throughout. There is off road parking at the front and an enviable landscaped rear garden. Not to be missed!
"A well presented end terrace property standing on a generous plot within a quiet off road position. Entrance hall, open-plan lounge/diner, modern fitted kitchen, three bedrooms, shower room, separate wc, gardens, allocated parking PVCu D/G, GCH, NO CHAIN"
"Offered with no onward chain is this three bedroom semi-detached house in a prime location in Plymstock, close to local amenities. The property benefits good sized driveway, garage and fully enclosed rear garden."
"*** NO ONWARD CHAIN, CORNER PLOT *** A wonderful CORNER PLOT two bedroom SEMI-DETACHED property with a GARAGE and DRIVEWAY, front and rear GARDENS and TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS. This property has PLENTY OF POTENTIAL and would make a fantastic FIRST TIME BUY. Call Fox & Sons TODAY to arrange your vie..."
"This beautiful semi detached family home is set within the sought-after area of Plymstock and offers an abundance of space as well as benefitting from three good sized bedrooms. The ground floor comprises a porch, a fitted kitchen, a spacious living/dining room and also a side extension which cou..."
"This charming two double bedroom garden apartment is positioned in a prime location on the Hoe, a stones thow away from the water. The property is tastefully decorated throughout to a high standard, and is ready for any buyer to move straight in. The home is so versatile for all ages. ..."
"*** Offers in Excess of £240,000 ***
A semi-detached house located in the residential area of Honicknowle. The accommodation offers two double bedrooms with one single bedroom, an open plan kitchen with fitted appliances, a separate lounge and downstairs W.C, plus off road parking for two vehicles"
"A really well cared for, semi detached, FAMILY home, located in the SOUGHT AFTER area of Beacon Park. Keeping many of its ORIGINAL features and off-road PARKING is this charming, 3 bed property, which provides ample space for a growing family such as GOOD SIZED rooms and a sunny outlook over the ..."
"A modern semi- detached residence in a popular residential area. Internally the property offers three double bedrooms, open plan lounge/kitchen/diner, ground floor shower room & family bathroom. This home boasts allocated parking, as well as a private & enclosed garden."
"We are excited to market this three-bedroom end of terrace property, positioned in a very much sought after location in PL2. The ground floor consists of an open plan living space with a large living room with a beautiful bay window allowing natural light to pour through the property. This then o..."
"A well presented two bedroom SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW with a lovely SOUTH FACING balcony in the sought after location of Woodford, Plympton. The property boasts a SPACIOUS living room, double glazing, a patio area and GARAGE. In need of modernisation. PERFECT FOR A PROJECT or INVESTMENT."
"This modern two bedroom home benefits from a west facing rear garden and a garage with parking. The good size accommodation comprises: entrance hall, cloakroom, kitchen, lounge/dining room, two double bedrooms and a bathroom. Externally the property has a 21’ west facing enclosed rear garden and ..."
"For Sale by Auction | 14:00 | 04 April 2023. Guide £235,000 Substantial 3 storey end of terrace freehold property situated within the sought after area of Hyde Park, Plymouth. Being sold as an investment opportunity, the property is currently split with the ground floor retail premises trading ..."
"A building plot with planning consent for an inspiring single storey dwelling house, in the heart of the South Hams village of Brixton. Tenure - Freehold. Web Ref : NEW220046 Viewing strictly by appointment only through the selling agents."
"Semi Detached Bungalow In Central Plymstock*  2 Bedrooms*  Garage, Driveway & Workshop/Cellar*  Generous Sized Garden*  Good Local Bus Service Close By* Recently Fitted Heating System*   Shower Room*  Close To Many Amenties* 
"
"Lang town and country are pleased to offer this well-maintained property situated in a convenient location , close to the bustling Mutley Plain and Plymouth City Centre is approximately 1.5 miles away.
"
"Semi-detached house requiring modernisation. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance porch, hallway, lounge, dining room, kitchen, 3 bedrooms, bathroom & separate wc. Front garden & very generous rear garden. Shared driveway leading to the garage. Gas central heating & double-glazing. No ..."
"The Hart offers everything you need in a two-bedroom home - immensely liveable and immediately comfortable. Enter the property into the hallway with a convenient cloakroom and handy storage cupboard, off the hall, find an open-plan kitchen-dining area with everything brand new complete..."
"A well presented, two bedroom cottage located in Brixton, Devon. With open plan lounge/diner, a great sized fitted kitchen, conservatory, two double bedrooms, modern fitted bathroom, loft room, rear garden and off road parking! This property is a must see if you are looking to the rural life!"
"Located within the popular area of Lipson, Plymouth is this dependable investment property which is being offered to the market with tenants in situ. The building offers 3, self-contained apartments upon one tittle and generates a comfortable return of £1,500pcm. The property offers plenty ..."
"Looking for the perfect family home, then this one may tick all of the boxes. Superbly presented and greatly improved by the current owners this semi detached property has to be viewed to be fully appreciated. Located in a popular area close to local facilities, amenities, Ham Nature Reserve and ..."
"**Offers in The Region of £230,000** This beautifully presented home is located within the popular residential area of Manadon Park. Internally the property offers lounge, modern integrated kitchen/dining room, downstairs wc, two double bedrooms and bathroom. Further benefits include ref..."
"WONDERFUL WEST PARK HOME! GUIDE PRICE £230,000 - £240,000. A fantastic opportunity to acquire this beautiful THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM end of terrace house, with a beautifully sunny rear garden,and with off road parking, Don't miss out! £230,000 - £240,000"
"This three bedroom semi detached house is situated in Dudley Road, Plympton. There is a separate kitchen and a lounge/ diner. Bathroom upstairs with two double bedrooms and one single bedroom. Double glazed and centrally heated. A shared drive leading to a garage. Fully enclosed rear garden."
"Positioned within a quiet street in the area of Lipson is this deceptively large 3/4 bedroom house which is being offered to the market chain free. A deceptively large property that offers living space that is arranged over three floors, well suited to larger families. Offering plenty of potentia..."
"GUIDE PRICE - £240,000 - £250,000 - INVESTMENT PROPERTY - FIVE BEDROOMS - FULLY LET - CENTRAL LOCATION - Can be brought with vacant possession or with current contract. This property is very close to the university and Mutley plain. Call our Plymouth office for details!"
"A delightful two bedroom, end terraced house located in the popular Saltram Meadow estate. The property benefits; two double bedrooms, modern kitchen and bathroom, driveway and a large enclosed rear garden."
"Guide Price £230,000 - £240,000 BRILLIANT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY FOR TWO FLATS IN ONE BUILDING! The property has a two bedroom ground floor flat and a three bedroom first/second floor maisonette. Close to the doclyard, this property is a great rental investment with a combined cu..."
"Peverell is an extremely sought after location within Plymouth due to the stunning period houses, close proximity to Central Park and its excellent schools and amenities. This is a fantastic opportunity to purchase a house thats been spilt into two one bedroom apartments."
"GUIDE PRICE £230,000 TO £240,000 This semi-detached family home is a real rare treat! Boasting a larger than average garden, which is very mature and extremely private making it perfect for parties or those who are green fingered. Also having a single garage and a large..."
"Offering stunning far reaching waterside and country views this sizable three bedroom semi-detached must be viewed. It is extremely spacious throughout offering separate reception rooms, perfect for families needing extra space, separate dining, or play room. This property is also chain free."
Aspire Estate Agents are proud to present this gorgeous three-bedroom family home situated in popular residential area of Eggbuckland. Accommodation comprises hallway - living room - kitchen/diner - stairs - landing - bedroom one - bedroom two – bedroom three – bathroom. The property has a ...
"HMO HOUSE WITH A GREAT RETURN! A very well presented FIVE BEDROOM end terrace property with THREE SHOWER ROOMS and with a fantastic rental track record, in a central location within walking distance to Mutley Plain. For sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN it's a fantastic investment opportunity. Call to view"
"This charming two double bedroom ground floor apartment is positioned in a prime location on the Hoe, a stones throw away from the water. The property is tastefully decorated throughout to a high standard, and is ready for any buyer to move straight in. The accommodation comprises of ..."
"FOUR BED SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME! A fantastic opportunity to acquire this lovely family home perfect for large families or first time buyers! With a fantastic and spacious rear garden and in a central location, we expect high interest so please call to arrange your viewing."
"***** Guide Price of £250,000 *****
This End of Terraced Property is arranged over two floors. Each room is lockable and there are two shower rooms. This property has an active HMO license. ** AGENTS NOTE - We are currently awaiting access for additional photos and floor plan **"
"A BRIGHT AND SPACIOUS 2 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME Situated within the centre of Pymstock is this well presented two-bedroom semi-detached home. With its location and space, this property is perfect for those looking to invest or a first time buyer looking to get themselves on the prope..."
"A beautifully presented and greatly improved semi detached, double bay fronted late Victorian home which is situated in the heart of St Budeaux, close to local facilities and amenities. Retaining period charm and features yet modernised with the addition of uPVC double glazing and gas central hea..."
"**WITH PLANNING PERMISSION FOR A 2 STOREY EXTENSION** Hilldean Close is sat on a generous plot, in the heart of Tamerton Foliot. This wonderful family home is presented well throughout, and would suit larger or expanding families given that we have full planning permission for a two sto..."
"GUIDE PRICE - £230,000 - £240,000. A beautifully presented, spacious home perfect for families or first time buyers alike. Situated in the regenerated area of North Prospect, this property was built around 10 years ago, but still feels like a new home having recently been r..."
"Beautiful ground floor apartment with large open plan living space, two double bedrooms, main en-suite & complementary bathroom. Finished to a wonderful standard, with mock Georgian finishes, allocated parking space & with no onward chain. Holiday Letting permitted."
"Nicely-presented mid-terraced bungalow situated within a very popular development. The bungalow enjoys an enclosed courtyard-style garden with views to Staddon Heights, with accommodation briefly comprising an entrance hall & split-level living space consisting of a living room with sliding doors..."
"***FOR SALE VIA ONLINE AUCTION*** Superb investment opportunity situated in a desirable central location within walking distance of Plymouth University, mainline Train Station and Plymouth City Center. Property is currently let producing income of £28,500. Accommodation comprises Entrance Hal..."
"THREE BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE Situated in the popular South Hams village of Brixton, Bradleys are pleased to present this spacious three bedroom family home. Viewing highly recommended."
"*** NO ONWARD CHAIN *** A SPACIOUS home boasting BUNDLES OF SPACE THROUGHOUT, large FRONT & REAR GARDENS, TWO reception rooms, situated in a CUL-DE-SAC and to be sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN!! Call Fox & Sons today to arrange your viewing!!"
"MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION - ATTENTION INVESTORS! - A unique opportunity to acquire a versatile property situated in the heart of St Budeaux. Currently split into three flats, there is planning permission granted to redevelop the building into two 4 bedroom town houses."
"This spacious Mid Terrace residence is situated in a central location near to Mutley Plain. Plymouth City Centre and Plymouth University are also within easy access. The property itself comprises TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, FITTED KITCHEN, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, BATHROOM AND REAR COURTYARD GARDEN."
"Immaculate, low maintenance end of terrace home with a redesigned ground floor accommodation. Entrance Hall, Lounge/Diner, Fitted Kitchen, Three Bedrooms, Bathroom. Beautifully landscaped Gardens. Nature reserve to rear. PVCu d/g, GCH"
This well-presented apartment is positioned in an enviable position at the head of The Crescent on Manadon Park and enjoys an open aspect with far reaching views. The elegant `Regency` block was constructed in 2003 by Messrs Barratt Homes and features `Duchess` balconies taking full advantage of the
"A spacious and well presented mid terrace property situated in a quiet cul de sac well placed for local amenities. Hall, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Cloakroom, Three Double Bedrooms, Bathroom, Gardens, Garage, uPVC D/G, GCH"
A Beautifully Presented & Spacious Semi-Detached Family Home on Large Level Plot. Comprising: Reception Hall; Living Room; Luxury Fitted Kitchen/Diner; Master Bedroom with Spiral Staircase Leading to a Loft Room; Luxury Shower Room with Steam Shower; Two Further Bedrooms; Ample Parking; Lands...
"Woodend Road is located within the extremely sought after Woolwell Location. This semi detached home has a driveway, sunny rear garden, two reception rooms, kitchen, bathroom and three bedrooms and is located at the end of a quiet Cul-de-sac."
"*CASH BUYERS ONLY* This is an amazing investment opportunity to take on this whole building and become the freeholder of two separate apartments. The dwelling holds a two bedroom ground floor apartment, and a three bedroom first floor apartment. with ample space and scope to put your own mark on..."
"A beautiful three double bedroom family home situated on Segrave Road, Milehouse. The property has a large summer house situated in the south facing rear garden that has a seating area and bar currently and would make a great home office."
"VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE! Novahomes our pleased to present this two double bedroom detached bungalow situated in the popular location of Fairview Avenue, Laira. The property benefits from spectacular panoramic views over the river Plym to the rear aspect and is offered to the market with no onward"
"Superbly situated semi-detached house enjoying a corner plot with gardens to the front & rear, driveway & garage. Lovely view towards Staddon Heights. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall, bay-fronted lounge, open-plan kitchen/dining room with a separate utility which also provide..."
"LARGER THAN AVERAGE LANHYDROCK HOME! A substantial double fronted TWO/THREE BEDROOM house in a highly sought after location, with great scope to improve or remodel. With a handy loft room and rear garden space, its a fantastic purchase for any first time buyer or investor. Call to view!"
"Guide Price £220,000-£230,000 This tastefully decorated three-bedroomed terraced house is in the very popular area of Eggbuckland. There are great Primary and Secondary schools close by together with local food stores. There are plenty of green spaces, Frogmore field includ..."
Period cottage | Popular South Hams village with amenities | Low maintenance rear garden | Gas combi boiler | 2 Bedrooms | NO ONWARD CHAIN
"*Guide Price - £220,000 - £230,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this fantastic investment opportunity, set up as two apartments within one Victorian style freehold dwelling. The property boasts both a one bedroom ground floor and a two bedroom first floor apartment wi..."
"Superb second floor apartment with views over Sutton Harbour & secure gated parking. Complete with large open plan living space, separate newly installed kitchen, refurbished shower room & two double bedrooms."
"Looking for a home that ticks lots of the boxes? Look no further than this beautifully presented 3 bedroom family home situated in the central location of Cattedown! Boasting 2 RECEPTION ROOMS, SPACIOUS KITCHEN/DINER, UTILITY ROOM/OFFICE and two SHOWER ROOMS this one will be snapped up in no time"
"Substantial double bay fronted end of terrace home with beautiful retaining period features. This lovely home boast spacious living accommodation, two bathrooms, four bedrooms and an enclosed outside space."
"FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - IMMACULATE THREE BEDROOM PERIOD HOME FULLY LET TO STUDENTS FOR THE NEXT ACCADEMIC YEAR! Clever Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this fantastic, well maintained period home situated in a popular residential location. The property's situ..."
"A substantial Victorian terrace family home in a convenient location. Entrance Hall, Sitting Room, Dining Room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Cloakroom, Four Bedrooms, Family Bathroom, Enclosed Courtyard Garden, GCH & PVCu DG, Many Original Features"
"GUIDE PRICE £220,000 - £230,000 A substantial Victorian bay fronted end terrace residence situated in a fabulous position just a stone's throw away from the City Centre and the railway station benefiting from an excellent range of local facilities and public transport links..."
"CENTRALLY LOCATED STUDENT PROPERTY! A beautifully presented, fully let THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM double fronted end terrace property, with a fantastic rental track record achieving OVER £21,000 P/A. Pre let for next year and within walking distance to Plymouth University. For sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN!"
• Modern & Extremely Well Presented Family Home • Three Bedrooms • En-Suite To Master Bedroom • Cul-De-Sac Location • Within Close Proximity To Plymouth City Centre • Allocated Parking • Private Enclosed Garden • Moder...
"Modern living at its best, these apartments benefit from a bright open-plan kitchen/dining/living room which works well for the way we live today. There are two nicely-proportioned bedrooms and a separate bathroom. These new homes are perfect for first-time buyers and young professionals."
"This well presented 3 bedroom end terrace home is situated in a quiet, tucked away position backing on the local nature reserve in this popular residential area, close to popular local primary schools, colleges and amenities. Offered to the market with no onward chain.."
"*** NOW PRICED FOR QUICK SALE ***
*** LARGE THREE BEDROOMED FAMILY HOME OFFERED FOR SALE WITH TWO BATHROOMS, GOOD-SIZED GARDEN AND GARAGE, CLOSE TO AMENITIES *** Versatile accommodation and suitable for multi generational living with upstairs and downstairs bathrooms. Accommodation comprises entr..."
INCENTIVES AVAILABLE! A selection of lightly refurbished and spacious 3 Bedroom family homes.
"Delightfully presented two bedroom terraced home in a popular area of Plymstock. Benefiting from spacious lounge/diner, modern kitchen and bathroom and south-facing garden. The property is in a fantastic location central to schools and local amenities."
"CENTRALLY LOCATED STUDENT PROPERTY! A beautifully presented and modern, fully let THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM house with a BRAND NEW KITCHEN, and a fantastic rental track record achieving OVER £18,000 P/A. Pre let for next year within walking distance to Plymouth University. For sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN!"
FEATURED PROPERTY! A selection of lightly refurbished and spacious 3 Bedroom family homes. BE QUICK!
"****GUIDE PRICE £210,000 - £220,000**** Positioned within the popular area of Stoke, Plymouth is this newly refurbished mid terraced house which is being offered to the market chain free. The property boasts 1,261 sq. ft of living space, offering 2 well-proportioned receptio..."
"A lovely three bedroom semi-detached property situated on a elevated position offering views across to the River Tamar. This home benefits include new flooring throughout, low maintenance gardens and is being sold with no onward chain! Viewing highly reconmended! **Guide Price £210,000-£..."
"Situated on Pike Road, Efford we are delighted to be showing you this immaculately presented three bedroom semi detached family home. The property benefits from a recently fitted modern kitchen and Shower room. Be quick and book your viewing."
"Set just a short distance away from local schools, shops and Crownhill village is this immaculate two double bedroom family home that in every way exceeds a buyer’s expectations. The property boasts ample space from the moment you walk in and is most satisfyingly bright and airy as it accen..."
"A beautiful bay fronted late Victorian terrace home which is situated in the popular and sought after area of St Judes, with great access to the City centre, the Eastern fringes of the City and A38 Devon Expressway. Modernised and refurbished to a high standard with quality kitchen and bathroom f..."
"A stunning three bedroom family home situated in the popular area of Whitleigh. This property has been recently refurbished throughout, making it ready for a family to move in to straight away. On the ground floor is a large entrance hall, with a door leading in to the living room. A l..."
"Located within the popular family area of Deer Park, Plymouth is this well-proportioned 3 bedroom house. The property offers a range of benefits which include plenty of internal storage, a high energy rating of B, a southernly facing rear back garden, solar panels and a residents car park. Intern..."
"Situated close to the well regarded local primary school, this three bedroom semi-detached property benefits from spacious accommodation, driveway and large enclosed garden. This well presented home briefly comprises of a lounge, separate dining room, modern kitchen, bathroom and three bedrooms."
"Penrith Close is situated in Thornbury, which is located in the north of Plymouth City. Tucked-away at the end of a quiet residential cul-de-sac, this well presented three bedroom family home is well portioned internally with a pretty enclosed rear garden. "
A substantial Victorian bay fronted end terrace residence situated in a fabulous position just a stone's throw away from the City Centre and the railway station benefiting from an excellent range of local facilities and public transport links. The living accommodation is deceptively sp...
"** Offers In Excess Of £210,000** This substantial period home offers well-proportioned accommodation throughout and would make the ideal family home. Internally the ground floor accommodation comprises entrance hall, bay fronted lounge, separate dining area, kitchen, downstairs wc and u..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £220,000 - £ 230,000** SPACIOUS ACCOMMODATION COMPRISING LOUNGE, LARGE KITCHEN/BREAKFAST ROOM, SEPARATE DINING ROOM, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS AND A FAMILY BATHROOM. Situated in popular Mount Gould, this is one to add to your viewing list!"
"Set within the ever-popular area of PL6 and just a short distance away from local schools, shops and Derriford hospital is this immaculate three-bedroom family home that in every way exceeds a buyer’s expectations. The property boasts ample space from the moment you walk in and is most sati..."
"*OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £210,000* - Connells are delighted to bring to the market this recently renovated three double bedroom home in the popular area of Whitleigh. This well presented property offers spacious living accommodation, a large rear garden and an off road parking space."
"*Guide Price - £215,000- £225,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this beautifully presented three bedroom home located within the popular residential district of Southway. Situated in close proximity to a host of schooling, amenities and Derriford Hospital this property..."
"Situated within walking distance to the city centre and in proximity of local schools and amenities is this Mid Terraced period property. This home would be perfect for a first-time buyer or young family. THREE BEDROOMS, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, KITCHEN AND MODERN BATHROOM. Early viewing advised!"
"Three bedroom, end of terrace house located in Devonport, Plymouth. Being sold with no onward chain, this property would make a great first home, in a central location. "
"Situated in a private gated development this Two Bedroom Apartment offers open plan living accommodation with a spacious Lounge/Kitchen, Two Double Bedrooms and Shower Room. Easy access to Plymouth City Centre and Plymouth's famous stunning coastline, an early viewing is strongly advised!"
"This charming 3 bedroom terrace house in St Judes overlooks the lovely Tothill Park, with a good sized lounge, kitchen/diner, downstairs bathroom and 1st floor shower room and 3 bedrooms and a courtyard to the rear"
"GUIDE PRICE £210,000 - Situated in the ever popular residential area of Keyham, this substantial family home offers incredible living space including three double bedrooms, separate lounge, dining room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, ground floor shower room and first floor bathroom."
Connells are delighted to present to the market this purpose-built apartment based on the stunning Plymouth Hoe just moments away from the breath taking views across the water front & a short walk away from the historic Barbican.The property is beautifully presented throughout. A MUST SEE!
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, LARGE LIVING SPACE, FAMILY BATHROOM, AND ENSUITE with private access to a swimming pool and gymnasium. This fantastic FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY, being close to Plymouth's Historical Barbican and Plymouth Hoe. Book your viewing appointment NOW!"
"Fox and sons are please to bring to market this impressive three double bedroom home located in a sought after location close to schools and transport links.. An added bonus to this home is the open balcony from the master bedroom, Family bathroom and downstairs shower room. **O.I.R.O £210..."
"Aspire Estate Agents are thrilled to present this extended 3-bedroom property tucked away on a quiet walkway. Accommodation comprises porch, entrance hall, extended living room, extended kitchen/diner, landing, bedroom one, bedroom two, bedroom three, family bathroom. This substantial prope..."
"***NO CHAIN*** A 5 DOUBLE BEDROOM HMO MULTI-LET HOUSE with CURRENT FULLY LET INCOME of £21,600 PER YEAR benefits from A CENTRAL LOCATION and COURTYARD in the POPULAR AREA of CATTEDOWN, PLYMOUTH.
"
"A well presented three bedroom, semi-detached family home in the heart of Efford. This property will make a perfect family home or a great first step on the ladder. With open plan kitchen/lounge/diner, a downstairs shower room, three bedrooms, a wonderful large, rear garden with a summer house ..."
"This tastefully decorated Three Bedroom Terraced house is within close proximity to Crownhill Village, Derriford Hospital, local schools and providing easy access to the A38. THREE BEDROOMS, SPACIOUS LOUNGE, MODERN KITCHEN/DINER, GARDENS TO THE FRONT AND REAR. VIEWING ADVISED!"
"Situated within close proximity to the wonderful cultural hub of the Royal William Yard, and a stones throw away from the City Centre is this wonderful one bedroomed upper floor apartment. Comprising slick and ergonomic functional open plan living in the form of a beautifully designed living spac..."
"STUNNING SEA VIEW TERRACE!! A beautifully presented two double bedroom end terrace property, perfect for first time buyers or growing families! With two large reception rooms, a newly fitted kitchen and bathroom, and a low maintenance courtyard garden. Call Fox & Son's to view TODAY! ."
"An extremely well presented & refurbished bay-fronted terraced house, offered to the market with no onward chain & situated only a short walk from Plymouth City Centre. Comprising two reception rooms, three bedrooms, newly-fitted kitchen & bathroom, plus an enclosed rear courtyard."
"THREE BED EGGBUCKLAND HOME! A deceptively spacious, very well presented family home in a highly sought after location, with fantastic views out towards Dartmoor National Park. Perfect for first time buyers or growing families, with an enclosed garden, A GARAGE and OFF ROAD PARKING! Call to view now"
"A three bedroom end terrace family home situated in Southway, offered for sale with no onward chain. Benefits include driveway parking, 3/4 bedrooms & enclosed rear garden."
"This wonderful one bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next phase at Mount Wise, Plymouth. Plot 5-10 is situated on the fifth floor with balcony, integrated Smeg appliances and allocated parking space."
A very unique two double bedroom link detached property with the added benefit of a recently converted garage. The property enjoys two outside spaces with a rear garden and a sundeck.
"Offers In The Region Of £200,000 This spacious two bedroomed family home is in the popular Stoke area of Plymouth. The local shops at Stoke Village are a short walk away with cafés, pubs, shops and takeaways. There are good Primary and Secondary Schools within walking dist..."
"A two bedroom mid-terrace property located in a peaceful cul-de-sac in central Staddiscombe, benefitting from an allocated space, neutral bathroom and low maintenance fully enclosed rear garden."
"Connells are pleased to present the fantastic investment opportunity located in the popular residential area of Whitleigh, this benefits from the highly sought after St Peters RC Primary School, also walking distance from the Woodfield Primary School and amenities and local shops."
"*Guide Price - £200,000 - £220,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this highly versatile 1950's mid terrace home situated in the popular residential area of Keyham. Having undergone a program of recent refurbishment this wonderful home boasts clean and contemporary accommoda..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £200,000-£210,000***A three bedroom end of terrace with integral garage located in a quiet cul-de-sac location. This property is being sold with no onward chain and due to its close proximity to Plymouth city centre, Devonport Naval Base and transport links."
"We are delighted to present to the market this charming modern terraced home situated in a quiet residential setting, a stone’s throw away from a variety, of local amenities and with easy access to the a38. As you step foot into this eminently designed home, you are greeted with pristine mo..."
Superbly located with excellent access to local amenities and transport. Well-proportioned 1 & 2 bedroom apartment's ideal for rental investment or First Time Buyers.
"For sale by Public Auction on the 05 April 2023 at Virtual Livestream Online Auction. A high yielding multi faceted freehold investment opportunity, comprising of four one bedroom flats, a ground floor retail unit, garage and additional enclosed yard space with two vacant storage facil..."
Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this immaculately presented and highly versatile townhouse located within a quiet tucked away street in Stoke. This stunning home has recently undergone a program of redecoration and boasts spacious accommodation which comprises entrance hallwa...
"This wonderfully converted maisonette situated within a stunning Grade II listed property. From the moment you walk in, the building really gives you the wow factor. As you enter you are welcomed by beautiful communal hallways with exquisite stained-glass windows and high ceilings. Coming into th..."
"This extremely spacious period home has a host of desired and unique features throughout. It boasts of an exceptionally large deluxe bathroom with a built in comer bath, an open plan lounge diner with a plethora of period features and high ceilings, typical to the age of this sought after property."
"Well-presented spacious family home which boast an impressive rear garden, beautiful Summer House and a driveway for two vehicles. With a lounge, open plan kitchen/diner, three bedrooms and a modern bathroom - this property really has it all!"
* BEING SOLD VIA MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION* Centrally located and spread spaciously over three floors and comprising of SIX DOUBLE BEDROOMS. To the rear is a courtyard garden. Centrally located and within walking distance of Plymouth University and mainline Train Station. EPC grade D.
"This wonderful one bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next phase at Mount Wise, Plymouth. Plot 5-11 is situated on the second floor with balcony, integrated Smeg appliances and allocated parking space."
"*** Guide Price £200,000 - £210,000 ***
A two double bedroom second floor apartment.
This waterside development offers views of Sutton Harbour and is located within a short walk of the historic Barbican, Plymouth Hoe, Plymouth City Centre and two marinas.
The accommodation comprises, en..."
"Beautiful bay fronted family home situated in a popular location, close to local amenities, schools and great transport links. This semi-detached home benefits from spacious accommodation including a lounge, separate dining room, kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom, garden and a double garage."
"WELL PRESENTED FAMILY HOME IN THE POPULAR LOCATION OF LAIRA *GUIDE PRICE £200,000 - £210,000* This semi-detached spacious property comprises a large entrance hall, well presented living area and kitchen diner perfect for entertaining on the ground floor. On the first f..."
"This splendid three bedroom end of terrace property is positioned in a very much sought after location in Milehouse and would make a great family home. The ground floor consists of an open living dining space great for entertaining, a modern fitted kitchen and a great sized utility room providing..."
"A beautifully presented, end of terrace modern home in a desirable, convenient location. Entrance Porch, Living Room, Kitchen/Diner, Two Double Bedrooms, Luxury Shower Room, Enclosed South Facing Garden, Parking, PVCu Double Glazing, Gas Central Heating"
"A 5 DOUBLE BEDROOM HMO HOUSE or FAMILY HOME with KITCHEN / DINER / COMMUNAL AREA and COURTYARD with CURRENT GROSS FULLY LET INCOME of £21,480 PER YEAR in the POPULAR AREA of STOKE, PLYMOUTH.
"
"BEAUTIFUL BLUEBELL STREET! A very well presented and newly built two double bedroom mid terrace house in highly sought after development North of the City of Plymouth. With off road parking, a well enclosed rear garden and a downstairs cloakroom WC it ticks all the boxes for a first time buyer!"
"This Semi Detached house comprises lounge, kitchen/diner, three bedrooms, bathroom and gardens to the front and rear. This family residence is located in a popular residential area, close to a range of local amenities, schools and access onto the A38. BEING SOLD WITH VACANT POSSESSION!"
"*** Guide Price £200,000 - £210,000 ***
A well presented three bedroom mid terraced house.
The property has been improved and updated during it's current ownership and benefits from Upvc double glazing, gas central heating system and conservatory.
Upon inspection you will find an entran..."
"Beautifully presented throughout is this two double bedroom semi-detached house. The property is located in the popular residential area of Whitleigh and close to local amenities, schools and transport links."
"Set within the ever-popular area of PL6 and just a short distance away from local schools, shops and Derriford hospital is this immaculate three-bedroom family home that in every way exceeds a buyer’s expectations. The property has ample space from the moment you walk in and is most satisfy..."
"LOVELY MAINSTONE HOME! Fox and Son's are delighted to present this beautifully presented, modern THREE BEDROOM mid terrace house, in a highly sought after residential location. With a beautiful rear garden and DRIVEWAY we expect high interest, please call at your earliest convenience."
"***2 x FLATS IN SAME BUILDING ON SEPARATE LEASES WITH FREEHOLD***A 1 BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR FLAT with COURTYARD and a 2 BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR FLAT with BALCONY, ON SEPARATE LEASES also with FREEHOLD FOR THE BUILDING and KITCHEN / DINER'S in BOTH FLATS in the POPULAR AREA of ST JUDES,..."
"This spacious mid terraced house is well presented, offering ample living accommodation. Benefitting three good sized bedrooms, bathroom and shower room, enclosed courtyard and on street permit parking."
"Located on the popular Desborough Road, is this beautifully presented period property. Prince Rock primary school is just a short walk as is Plymouth City Centre, local amenities and bus routes on the nearby Embankment Road. The entrance hall is light, airy and welcoming that le..."
"A well appointed terraced family home in a highly desirable location. Entrance Hall, Sitting Room, Dining Room, Kitchen, Three Bedrooms, Bathroom, Gardens, Garage, GCH, PVCu D/G"
"This extended Dorma bungalow requires a degree of modernisation and is offered for sale with vacant possession. The ground floor accommodation boasts a lounge, dining area, two bedrooms, kitchen, bathroom and a study/office with stairs rising to the first floor and accessing the main bedroom with..."
"Stunning coach house in Sherford. Approximately four years old, all the initial snagging has been completed and the owners have tastefully decorated this home and maintained it to ta high standard.  Facts you might not know, this property has an energy rating of a high C, it is detac..."
"A well appointed refurbished terraced bungalow in a desirable location. Entrance hall, lounge/dining room, recently refitted kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom, parking, GCH, PVCU D/G"
"An incredible opportunity to acquire this mid-terraced house occupying an amazing position with open views over Hooe Lake, Plymstock & towards Dartmoor. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall, kitchen, open-plan living/dining room, double bedroom & bathroom. Garden with views. Off-r..."
DC Lane are delighted to introduce to the market this double fronted period house located in Mutley and with easy access to the A38 and major routes. Offering versatile living space this substantial property has generous accommodation and character features. Entering the property reveals...
"This wonderful one bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next phase at Mount Wise, Plymouth. Plot 5-01 is situated on the fifth floor with a juliet balcony, integrated Smeg appliances and allocated parking space."
"Purpose-built 2 bedroom first floor apartment with light & airy living space. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall, modern open-plan kitchen/living room, 2 bedrooms & a shower room. Double-glazing & central heating. Allocated parking space. No onward chain."
"A well presented three bedroom property with modern kitchen and bathroom, enclosed garden and downstairs cloakroom."
"Spacious two double bedroom terraced home situated in the popular location of Southway Drive with off road parking for two vehicles. The property is within close proximity to local schools, shopping amenities and public transport routes and is offered to the market with no onward chain. Generous li"
SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW SITUATED IN A GREAT LOCATION CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES AND WITH A LARGE GARDEN
"Family home located within an 'off-shoot' cul-de-sac in a popular residential area, with spacious living & reception space plus three bedrooms & bathroom. Separate Utility Room, Downstairs WC, Large Gardens & Generous Hallway. Gas Central Heating & Upvc Framed Double Glazing. Locat..."
* BEING SOLD VIA MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION* Your Move presents to the market this excellent investment HMO opportunity with five bedrooms across the First and Second floor of this flat. This property is situated within close proximity to Mutely Plain & Plymouth City Centre. With the added bonu...
"IMMACULATE FIRST TIME BUY / TURN KEY INVESTMENT. *GUIDE PRICE £190,000 - £200,000* Renovated to a high standard, this two double bedroom mid terraced home is located in a popular residential cul-de-sac offering easy access to schools, amenities and regular bus links. ..."
"VACANT POSSESSION A spacious Three Bedroom Semi Detached house offering three bedrooms, kitchen/breakfast room, split level living room, bathroom and separate w.c. There are gardens to the front and rear and the added bonus of a garage. Due to it's location, the property also boasts moorland views."
"*****THIS PROPERTY IS OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN*****
With two parking spaces and a south facing rear garden this two double bedroom property has everything you’re looking for. This property would be a perfect first time buy or an excellent buy to let."
"A ground floor apartment in popular Consort Village. Independent living for people aged over 60. uPVC double glazing. Electric heating/N.S.H. Lounge/dining room, fitted kitchen and appliances, double bedroom, shower room/wc. Private parking space. Low maintenance patio area. Communal gardens/gro..."
"This well presented two double bedroom end of terrace property is tucked away discreetly in a quiet and tranquil corner of the ever-popular area of Chaddlewood. This home would perfectly suit those looking to get on the property ladder, or equally be suited to those looking for a sound investment..."
"GUIDE PRICE - £190,000 - £200,000. Miller Countrywide are delighted to present this beautifully presented, spacious home perfect for families or first time buyers alike. Situated in the regenerated area of North Prospect, this property was built around 10 years ago. On the ..."
"Located in The Rectory, Stoke, is this three bedroom Mid Terrace family home comprising entrance vestibule, entrance hall, lounge offering bay window and original features, dining room, kitchen. Upstairs there are three bedrooms three bedrooms, bathroom and a private courtyard garden. Viewing advis"
"Yopa are delighted to be presenting this spacious 2 bed property on Kit Hill Crescent This property has shops, schools and bus links all within walking distance"
"This stunning 3 bedroom terraced house is located in the highly sought-after area of Southway, Plymouth. The property boasts a huge garden with endless potential for outdoor living and entertaining. The recently installed walk-in shower room and additional w/c provide modern convenience and luxur..."
"Set away from the main road down a small terrace of beautiful period homes we are welcoming to the market Wadham Terrace. This delightful property has both front and rear gardens to enjoy, two reception rooms, three bedrooms, kitchen and bathroom. Book your viewing early to avoid disappointment."
"Guide of £190,000 to £200,000 Superbly presented and spacious modern home which would be perfect for a growing family or first time buyers. Situated in the regenerated area of North Prospect, this property was built around 10 years ago. Benefitting from gas central heating, uPVC ..."
"This wonderful one bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next phase at Mount Wise, Plymouth. Plot 4-01 is situated on the first floor with balcony, integrated Smeg appliances and allocated parking space."
"GIA approximately 344.6 sq m (3,709 sq ft), Site Area approximately 630 sq m (6,781 sq ft), Possible Potential for Change of Use and/or Reconfiguration, subject to consents, Plymouth city centre is approximately 1 miles to the east, Devonport station is located 0.8 miles to the north and Plymouth..."
"Yopa Plymouth are pleased to be showing this two double bedroom modern build property located within the redeveloped PL1 Estate. The property boasts two parking spaces, downstairs W/C and a south facing rear garden."
"This Mid Terrace house has accommodation comprising lounge, modern fitted kitchen, two bedrooms and bathroom. Outsider there is an enclosed rear garden and a private parking bay. Situated in the popular residential area of Stoke, the property is close to local amenities, schools and the City Centre"
"Situated on Ronald Terrace, Ford. We are delighted to be showing this gorgeous and quirky three bedroom Semi-detached family home, the property has a kitchen / dining room extension giving the downstairs an extra reception area or 4th bedroom if needed."
"This two bedroom END TERRACED property situated on a CORNER PLOT in Walnut Gardens. The accommodation offers light and airy lounge, NEWLY FITTED kitchen and NEW bathroom. Benefits include uPVC double glazing, TWO ALLOCATED spaces, SPACIOUS rear garden & has NO ONWARD CHAIN. Energy Rating D."
"Situated in the popular and sought after area of Keyham, close to local facilities and parks. A cared for, modernised and well presented bay fronted Victorian property that will make a wonderful home for a growing family. Providing spacious and versatile living accommodation which benefits from g..."
"GUIDE PRICE £190,000 - £200,000 Within walking distance of the City Centre, Plymouth Train Station and Plymouth University, this mid terraced property is split into flats and is being sold with no onwards chain. Offering two self contained units, this property i..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! A spacious three-bedroom semi-detached house standing on a generously proportioned plot backing onto woodland. The plot incorporates a driveway leading to the garage and front door, whilst a path to the side opens to the rear garden featuring a good sized lawn, enclos..."
"****GUIDE PRICE £190,000 - £200,000**** Positioned on a larger than normal plot is this 2 bedroom semi-detached bungalow which is being offered to the market chain free. A great acquisition for anyone who is looking for a property that not only offers the potential to extend..."
"*Guide Price - £190,000 - £200,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this immaculately presented three bedroom, 1920's style mid terrace on the Stoke/Milehouse periphery. This fantastic home offers a wealth of deceptively spacious accommodation which briefly comprises ent..."
"VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE ONLINE. A charming 2 bedroom character cottage in Lee Mill convenient to most local facilities and amenities. The house has been modernised within recent times and is beautifully presented with benefits to include Upvc double glazing, gas central heating, modern kitchen and b..."
"Waterside Office * Well presented *Two bedrooms *Large open plan living area *Integrated appliances *Balcony *Lift access *Secure parking *Close to amenities *EPC rating B
"
"This stunning two bedroom period home is situated in a prime position for easy access to local schools, shops and near by amenities. The property has been decorated to a high standard which is evident from the moment you step foot inside. The ground floor offers ample living space with a sizeable..."
Set within the highly sought after development of Sherford is this immaculate two bedroom ground floor apartment. This magnificent home opulently exceeds the buyers’ expectations with a wealth of exuberant furnishings and free flowing accommodation. The layout has been thought out meticulou...
"End-terraced house, close to amenities & local schools, with no onward chain. In need of modernisation this house would be perfect for investors or first-time buyers. The current accommodation comprises kitchen, 2 receptions, 3 bedrooms, bathroom & separate wc. Gardens to front & rear. Garage."
"The apartment is a top floor Duplex Penthouse, a spacious apartment offering flexibility of layout & usage with an impressive living room incorporating sitting & dining areas & modern fitted kitchen off, 3 bedrooms, master bedroom with en-suite bathroom, guest bedroom with en-suite shower room/wc..."
"This wonderful one bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next phase at Mount Wise, Plymouth. Plot 3-12 is situated on the second floor with balcony, integrated Smeg appliances and allocated parking space."
"**GUIDE PRICE £190,000 ** Fox and sons are pleased to present this three bedroom terraced property to the market. The home is complete with bay fronted lounge, separate dining space, kitchen, three bedrooms and a wet room. The property also includes double glazing and a southerly facing garden."
"This beautifully presented two double bedroom property is tucked away in a lovely, quiet location with a cosy neighbourhood feel, a stone’s throw away from Plymbridge woods. This home has been decorated to a high standard, therefore would be perfect for first time buyers, however also a rea..."
"A SPACIOUS CHARACTER property which has recently been REDECORATED and has a lovely HOMELY feeling. TWO DOUBLE bedrooms, family bathroom, GOOD SIZED kitchen/diner, lounge with WOOD BURNER, fantastic PRIVATE rear GARDEN. Boasts ORIGINAL FEATURES."
**IMMACULATE FIRST TIME BUY** Smeaton Square is home to this three bedroom end of terrace home which is presented to a very high standard. decorated neutrally throughout and having had some extensive landscaping to the rear this property is now ready for its next owner. Call Bradleys on...
"GUIDE PRICE £190,000 - £200,000 A mid terraced three double bedroom house with the added benefit of a conservatory and loft room. Upon entering this beautiful family home, you will find a living room on the ground floor along with an open plan kitchen/diner lead..."
"SITUATED IN A TUCKED AWAY YET CENTRAL LOCATION THIS PERIOD END TERRACE HOME OFFERS FANTASTIC POTENTIAL AND VERSATILE LIVING SPACE. This period property is situated on an elevated walkway providing excellent privacy and positioned within walking distance of Plymouth University, Mutley Pla..."
"OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £190,000 - Situated in a popular residential location, close to shops, schools and amenities, this fully refurbished property has an excellent garden for the area and would make a fantastic first time buyer home. However, the size lends itself to a multitude of buyers."
"A fantastic two bedroom 'Mews Style' property attached to The Captain's House located within the popular development of The Millfields, an historic former Royal Naval Hospital with secure landscaped walled grounds of approximately 26 acres. The historic buildings throughout the site have been tra..."
"GUIDE PRICE - £190,000 - £200,000 A mid terraced home with the added benefit of off street parking and front and rear gardens. Situated in a popular residential area, this three bedroom family home must be viewed to appreciate the size of the accommodation on offer. <..."
WATERSIDE OFFICE *  VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE*  Hoe Court is a purpose-built development on Plymouth Hoe within moments' walk of the historic Hoe promenade offering breath taking views across the Sound and waterfront. Nearby is the historic Barbican offering a vibrant range of re...
DC Lane are delighted to present this superb second floor apartment located within the iconic Grade II listed development ‘The Millfields’ set within landscaped grounds on the former site of the Royal Naval Hospital. The historic buildings and grounds are surrounded by the original hospi...
"This wonderful one bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next phase at Mount Wise, Plymouth. Plot 2-12 is situated on the second floor with balcony, integrated Smeg appliances and allocated parking space."
"TO BE OFFERED BY ONLINE AUCTION ON THE 19/04/2023 11:00 - ON BEHALF OF THE COURT APPOINTED RECEIVER: Vacant mid- terrace 3 bedroom house
*VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE ON REQUEST* ALSO NOTE THE VIDEO AND IMAGES ARE TO BE UPDATED FOLLWOING CLEARANCE OF THE PROPERTY The property comprises a mid-terrace 3 b..."
"We are delighted to present this immaculate two double bedroom home in a popular location. The property benefits from open plan living, a lovely south facing garden and allocated parking. Well presented throughout and ready to move into, this is a must view!"
"An attractive two bedroom first floor apartment located on the western elevation in the award winning development known as `Cargo` which is situated in the heart of Millbay, close to the King Point Marina and within walking distance of Plymouth City Centre, The Hoe and the historic Barbican. Generou"
"This wonderful one bedroom apartment is located within Teesra House the next phase at Mount Wise, Plymouth. Plot 2-11 is situated on the second floor with balcony, integrated Smeg appliances and allocated parking space."
"FOR SALE VIA BRADLEYS ONLINE AUCTION 12PM 6TH APRIL 2023. This property is for sale by conditional online auction, powered by Bamboo Auctions. Place a bid on by 12pm on 6th April 2023. This wonderful detached bungalow sits on an impressive plot, boasti..."
"Located within the city of Plymouth is this spacious, top floor, two double bedroom maisonette. The properties modern accommodation comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner with balcony, bathroom, two double bedrooms and a loft room with velux roof windows. It has the added benefit of on..."
"A spacious end of terrace house occupying an elevated position with PANORAMIC SOUTHERLY FACING VIEWS to the front. Features include three good sized bedrooms, dual aspect living room/diner with fitted WOOD BURNER, separate utility room, front and rear gardens, PVCu double glazing and gas central ..."
"Offers in Excess of £180,000 - Situated in one of the most popular residential areas of Higher St Budeaux, this three bedroom family home has so much to offer! A GARAGE and OFF ROAD PARKING are present to the rear and the two reception rooms offer plenty of living space for a family."
"MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION - Excellent opportunity to acquire a well-presented, spacious three bedroom property which would make a perfect investment opportunity. This semi-detached house is located in Whitleigh close to great local amenities, schools and green spaces."
"GUIDE PRICE £180,000 - £190,000 Located in Peverell is this 3 bedroom semi detached property with gardens to the front, side, and rear. The house does require some upgrading, but also offers the opportunity to extend (Subject to Planning and Building Control). Please Note this pro..."
"Beautifully presented family home spread over three floors with an impressive dormer loft conversion offering a master bedroom with ensuite. Located in a popular residential location, this three double bedroom semi detached property is set within a lovely cul de sac."
"This beautiful mid-terrace period property has undergone a lot of modernisation with just a few finishing touches left to do, if your looking for a spacious home with not much to do then please book your viewing fast to avoid disappointment."
"A mid terrace property in a popular village location, offering easy access to Dartmoor National Park and a host of local amenities. Hall, Lounge, Kitchen, Two Double Bedrooms, Bathroom, Level Garden, Allocated Parking, PVCu DG, Electric Heating, No Chain"
"A spacious three bedroom, semi-detached family home with on street parking, located in West Park, Plymouth and being sold with no onward chain. With large kitchen/diner, lounge, downstairs WC, three good size bedrooms, family bathroom and an enclosed rear garden!"
"GUIDE PRICE £180,000 TO £190,000 This spacious 3 double bedroom townhouse is walking distance to both Stoke village and Blockhouse Park. The property has both a modern combination boiler and solar panels which are only a year old. The house does require modernisation through..."
"OPEN HOUSE SATURDAY 18th MARCH. ONE OFF PRICE FOR OPEN HOUSE OF OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £180,000. Impressive period home set over three floors and situated in a popular location."
"*** IN THE HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER QUADRANT QUAY DEVELOPMENT, THIS ONE-BEDROOMED SECOND FLOOR APARTMENT HAS A BALCONY WITH SEA VIEW! *** In impeccable condition, accommodation comprises: entrance hall, open-plan lounge/diner leading to a contemporary kitchen. There is a bathroom, bedroom and utility ..."
"We are delighted to welcome this exctiting development opportunity to the market. This rare opportunity is a true one of a kind and is sure to appeal to a great variation of developers, small and large. Not only does this premises have planning in place for two quite substantial open-plan style a..."
"This surprisingly spacious three bedroom family home would be the perfect first time buy. The property has been modernised and is ready to move right into. Situated within close access to the A38, shops,amenities AND a range of primary/secondary schools within 2½ miles distance."
"Lang Town and County are delighted to offer this well presented home, in the heart of the ever-popular Tamerton Foliot Village, close to local shops, schools, local pubs and excellent country walks. 
"
"This particularly spacious, second floor apartment is located within this beautiful Grade II listed building within Stoke. The property boasts high ceilings throughout and comprises entrance hall, lovely large reception space incorporating the lounge and dining areas, kitchen, double bedroom with..."
"Beautiful bay fronted property which has recently been renovated throughout and is a perfect family home ready to move into. Situated in the popular residential area of St Budeaux this semi-detached house is ideally positioned close to great amenities, local schools and transport links."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this two double bedroom ground floor apartment in the popular Foliot House development in Crownhill, perfectly located for access onto Tavistock Road leading up towards Derriford Hospital to the north or into Plymouth City Centre to the south. The apartment is ..."
"*** A SHORT DRIVE FROM YOUR CHOICE OF BEACHES, THIS LOVELY TWO-BEDROOMED HOME COMES WITH TWO PARKING SPACES AND REAR GARDEN*** The perfect first time purchase or investor property in the popular residential area of Staddiscombe. Comprising lounge/diner, kitchen, two double bedrooms and bathroom w..."
"Spacious three bedroom terraced family home situated in the popular location of Ribble Gardens, Deer Park. The property is offered to the market with no onward chain and living accommodation comprise, entrance hall, lounge, downstairs w.c, kitchen/dining room, three bedrooms and family bathroom. The"
"GUIDE PRICE £180,000 - £190,000 Located within the popular East End of Plymouth is this deceptively large home that is being offered to the market chain free. Offering a range of benefits which include, 4 double bedrooms, 2 bathrooms, a large open kitchen/lounge and low main..."
"Lang Town and Country and delighted to offer to the market this exceptionally spacious second floor apartment within this beautiful Grade II listed building situated in the desirable residential area of Stoke and within walking distance of the popular Devonport Park and local train station.
"
"Commanding one of the finest views in Plymouth this fabulous 2 double seventh floor flat has a double aspect on the south and westerly corner of the aptly named Chichester House. The owners have modernised the flat throughout with replacement Upvc double glazing, an upgraded heating system and ne..."
"*** TWO BEDROOMS, ONE BATHROOM SUPERB TOP FLOOR FLAT WITH SPECTACULAR PANORAMIC SEA VIEWS, CLOSE TO THE ROYAL WILLIAM YARD, HAVING RECENTLY UNDERGONE A REFURBISHMENT AND WITH PARKING! *** Accommodation in brief: landing, open-plan lounge/dining kitchen, two bedrooms and bathroom. There is also ..."
"**CHAIN FREE** Two double bedroom second floor flat with a balcony from the front room and Juliette balcony's from each bedroom and kitchen. Close to local shops, outdoor swimming pools. A must see property. Tenant in situ"
"A three bedroom bay fronted mid-terraced property located in a central Plymstock. The perfect property for someone wanting a PROJECT and to put their own stamp on, with some REFURBISHMENT needed. The property benefits, ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN, good sized lounge and separate dining room."
"**LEASE TO BE EXTENDED UPON COMPLETION** Arranged over two generous floors, sits this two bedroom period maisonette, located in a small Cul-De-Sac away from the hustle and bustle. With two double bedrooms, large living/dining space and a roof terrace this one is not to be missed. Being ..."
"*Guide Price - £180,000 - £200,000* Cross Keys Estates are delighted to present for sale this unique development opportunity to acquire a previously used office building with a residential unit above with full planning consent for conversion into two large two bedroom apartments. The plannin..."
"A 4 letting room HMO property, positioned within EASY reach of the CITY CENTRE and Plymouth Train Station. Currently FULLY LET to WORKING PROFESSIONALS, producing a gross INCOME of £19,060 per annum (bills included). 4 letting rooms (1 with en-suite), communal room, kitchen, shower room, UPV..."
"2 BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT Bradleys are delighted to present this charming two bedroom ground floor apartment, situated within a gated community in central Plymstock, within walking distance to local shops, doctors surgeries and schools. Call Bradleys Plymstock to book your viewin..."
"Spacious four bedroom home situated in a popular residential area. The property is advantageously positioned close to local schools, amenities and has easy access to transport links including the A38. This end of terrace house has massive potential and would make a great investment opportunity."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain & requiring modernisation throughout, is this spacious three bedroom semi-detached family home, situated on a quiet road & within close proximity to Transit Way shopping centre. EPC: D "
A modern two double bedroom mid terrace property situated in a beautiful village location offering easy access to Dartmoor National Park and a large variety of local amenities. The home which is well presented throughout in tasteful neutral colours is arranged over two levels and comprises: entrance
"EXPANSIVE MILLBAY MAISONETTE!! A very generously proportioned TWO/THREE BEDROOM maisonette in a fantastic waterside location, with NO ONWARD CHAIN and TWO BATHROOMS! Boasting a beautiful communal garden and a wealth of original character features throughout, it must be seen to be fully appreciated!"
Waterside Office* Video Tour Available*  Grade II Listed* Close To Plymouth's Historic Hoe & Barbican* Full of Character* Moments Walk From Breathtaking Views* Period Features* Spacious Kitchen/Diner* Integrated Appliances* Separate Utility* Close To Amenities* Feature F...
"*** SHARED OWNERSHIP - 65% *** This three bedroom semi detached home has a kitchen / Diner, separate lounge and a down stairs cloak room. Two double bedrooms and a good sized single and family bathroom. Enclosed rear garden and Parking."
"Located in a popular residential area, and with a southerly aspect balcony enjoying pleasant views over the communal gardens, this purpose built 2nd floor apartment has the benefits of central heating, double glazing, lift access and an allocated parking space. The property itself has accommodati..."
This property would be perfect for any first time buyer or investor. A semi detached two double bedroom property situated in Plymstock. The property benefits from a fitted kitchen and a shower room with no onward chain.
"*** NO ONWARD CHAIN! *** A wonderful two double bedroom period property arranged over three levels & located in the popular residential area of Keyham, Plymouth. This lovely home is currently tenanted and could make a fantastic investment or first time buy. Additional features include; living..."
"Situated in the popular residential area of MANADON is this TENANTED 3 bed property, presented with a MODERN finish, benefitting from a GARAGE. Nestled in a cul-de-sac location, boasting a WEST facing level rear garden, UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. This property would make a perfe..."
"This First Floor Flat offers two double bedrooms (one with en-suite), modern fitted kitchen. The added bonus with this flat is that it has an allocated parking space. Due to it's central location, situated in the historic Barbican and within walking distance to the City Centre, viewing is advised!"
"Located on Laira Avenue, Laira, we are pleased to be showing this stunning period two bedroom cottage with a 3rd room/ dressing room. The property has a lovely sunny rear garden, modern kitchen and bathroom and a recently fitted new boiler and windows."
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS AND LOFT SPACE - This is a great chance to secure a two double bedroom house with loft space situated in Honiton Walk, Whitleigh. Offering lounge/diner, modern fitted kitchen, modern fitted bathroom, two double bedrooms, loft space, enclosed gardens and off road parking. The mod"
"Situated on the first floor, this flat has accommodation comprising Two Bedrooms, Lounge/Kitchen, Utility Room and Bathroom. Boasting estuary views from the rear, the property is ideally located within a short stroll to The Royal William Yard and within walking distance to Plymouth City Centre."
"Refurbished two bedroom end terraced home situated in the popular convenient location of Yeats Close, Crownhill. The property has recently been refurbished and is offered to the market with no onward chain. Accommodation comprises, new modern fitted kitchen, lounge/diner, two bedrooms and modern bat"
"A beautifully presented and greatly improved traditional mid terrace home, which is located in the popular and sought after area of Keyham and will make a wonderful first time purchase. Benefitting from gas central heating and uPVC double glazing, the versatile and tastefully decorated accommodat..."
This well presented property is sat in a quiet location within walking distance to central Plymouth. The accommodation both internally and externally is one of the best in the area and offers bags of space for any growing family. With a beautiful sitting room to the front overlooking ...
"*Guide Price £175,000 (+ fees). For sale by Livestream Auction on 04/04/2023 at 14:00. A freehold end of terrace Licensed HMO residence in a central location in Plymouth. 8 Rooms. Mixture of Self-contained flats & Letting Rooms. Partially let. GCH & DG."
"A well presented, two bedroom ground floor apartment, located in the sought after area of Plympton, Plymouth. Being sold with no onward chain, this property is perfect if you are looking to downsize or looking for your first home. With open plan living space, two bedrooms, en-suite shower, a go..."
"This two double bedroom property, featuring its very own allocated parking space is perfect first time buyers or would lend itself as a great investment. It benefits from sizable living accommodation throughout and hosts two double bedrooms, of which the master offers far reaching scenic views."
"Situated in a pleasant and popular residential location providing superb access to Crownhill, Tavistock Road and Transit Way, this modern built property would make a wonderful home for either first time buyers or an easy property to maintain for retirement. The well presented and cared for accomm..."
*********IN NEED OF RENOVATION - PRICED TO SELL ********* DC Lane are delighted to present a deceptively spacious semi detached dormer bungalow located on the fringes of Whitleigh and West Park and within easy access to the A38 and major routes. The property comprises of entranc...
Miller Countrywide are delighted to present this beautifully light and spacious first floor duplex apartment. The stunning grade II listed property is one that should not be missed! In the central location of North Road West and situated in the beautiful building of The Old School House this is t...
"Beautifully refurbished three bedroom two bathroom terraced home, Well located in a quiet cul-de-sac within a short walk of Tothill park, schools and excellent transport links. This property will appeal to a great many home movers and investors alike."
A two double bedroom semi-detached property is ready for its new owners to move in and make this house their home. Enter into a dual aspect kitchen area which opens into a seperate dining room overlooking the garden. A seperate dual aspect lounge can also be found on the ground floor...
"** GUIDE PRICE £170,000 - £180,000 ** Two double bedroom first floor flat with a balcony and allocated parking"
"*GUIDE PRICE £170,000 - £180,000* This four storey mid terraced family home is full of potential. To the ground floor, a spacious lounge and kitchen breakfast room can be found. The first floor comprises of two bedrooms and extensive storage. A loft room stretching the whol..."
"Beautiful ground floor apartment, located in a Grade II Listed building, with high ceilings, superb views over and access to communal gardens & a gated parking space. With two double bedrooms, private loft space, lounge/dining room, fitted kitchen & bathroom."
"A superb investment opportunity located in the heart of St Budeaux, close to local shops and facilities. A freehold late Victorian built mid terrace, two storey house which has been divided into two separate self contained flats which could provide an attractive and healthy income. The first floo..."
"SOLD WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN!! This well proportioned 3 bedroom terraced is just a stone throw away from both Lipson vale primary and Lipson co-operative academy. The property benefits from both Upvc double glazing, gas central heating and has a downstairs w.c. Although requiring modernisa..."
"Being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this lovely two double bedroom period home. This is an ideal first time buy and is advabtageously positioned close to great local amentities, popular schools and easy access to great transport links."
"Situated in a highly desirable location, this delightful home offers a perfect blend of style and affordability. With two well-proportioned bedrooms, this property is ideal for young couples or individuals looking for their first step onto the property ladder or an avid investor looking to make a..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £170,000 - £180,000** We are delighted to offer this two bedroom home to the market within Laira with no onwards chain. This well presented two bedroom home would be a fantastic opportunity for those looking at their first time purchase, potential downsize or ..."
NO CHAIN!! NO CHAIN!! NO CHAIN!! This three bedroom terrace would make an excellent first time buy. The property comes with both Upvc double glazing and gas central heating and has the potential for someone to put their own stamp on it. For your chance to view call .
Fox and sons are pleased to welcome to the market this semi-detached two bedroom home in the sought after location of Tamerton Foliot. The property includes large conservatory to the rear and large sunny garden with large workshop/cabin and two ample sized bedrooms to the upstairs of the property.
"Vacant Possession*  No Onward Chain*  Video Tour Available*  Very Close To Royal William Yard*  3 Bedrooms*  Bathroom*  Communal Courtyard*  Permit Parking*  Storage Shed*   
"
"This apartment would make a great investment or first time buy being just a stone's throw away from the thriving City of Plymouth and a short walk from the historic Barbican & Hoe. Open plan accommodation with two double bedrooms, kitchen/lounge & dining area with access to a balcony and bathroom."
"**GUIDE PRICE £170,000 To £180,000**Fox and sons are please to bring to market this impressive two double bedroom apartment located on the top floor of an attractively presented building situated in the heart of Devonport. An added bonus to this apartment is the internal communal lift and the views."
"Offers over £170,000. A modern mid terrace home situated in a tucked away and quiet residential cul de sac with great access to the facilities and amenities of St Budeaux. This superbly presented and greatly improved property will make a wonderful first time purchase and viewing is hig..."
"**GUIDE PRICE £170,000 - £180,000** A beautifully presented two bedroom end of terrace house located in Crownhill, Plymouth. Having been maintained to an exceptional standard throughout, this property would make a perfect first home in a sought after location."
"Desmond & Co are delighted to offer this very nicely presented characterful cottage to the market. Benefitting from gas central heating, PVCu double glazing and a very cosy feel the property oozes charm. "
"**GUIDE PRICE £170,000 - £180,000** Situated within the peaceful and idyllic Glenholt Park, available to over 50’s this park home has been improved and currently sits very well presented credit to the current owners. Benefiting from larger corner plot and positioned with le..."
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/LOUNGE AND BATHROOM WITH SEPARATE SHOWER CUBICLE! There is the added bonus of a wrap-around balcony. The property would make a great first time buy or investment. Don't miss out. MUST BE VIEWED!"
"Guide price £170,000 - £180,000. What a FABULOUS investment opportunity and a stunning second floor apartment!! To be sold with the tenant in situation. The tenant is on an assured short hold tenancy paying £875 pcm. Located in this exceptional residential area is this beautifu..."
"A spacious three double bedroom Victorian mid terrace home located in the popular residential district of Stoke. Set out over two floors this home offers versatile accommodation comprising vestibule, reception hallway, fitted kitchen / breakfast room, sitting room which opens into a dining room ..."
"A detached park home in a superb location giving easy access to local public transport within this fully residential park. Hall, Double Aspect Lounge, Kitchen, two Bedrooms, Shower Room, Level Garden LPG, PVCu D/G, External Insulation Cladding, No Chain"
End of terrace two bedroom property - Ideal first time buy or buy to let investment - Two double bedrooms - Open plan lounge/diner with striking feature of a staircase in the middle - Modern kitchen and bathroom - Courtyard - Easy access to local amenities and commuter links
"This one bedroom end terraced house is in a popular location close to local beaches, a ideal property for a first time buyer. Benefiting from a good size lounge, conservatory, modern bathroom, spacious bedroom and parking for two cars."
"Two double bedroom purpose built flat which enjoys impressive views across Tamerton Lake. The property is well-presented and benefits from modern features. Situated in a great location, close to local amenities, schools and green spaces. This property is a must view! EPC: B"
"GUIDE PRICE £170,000 - £180,000 We are excited to present this spacious three-bedroom semi-detached family home in Mount Gould. The dual aspect sitting / dining room is bright and spacious, and comfortably hosts a dining room table; perfect for family meals. . "
"Spacious 2 Bedroom Apartment*  Video Tour Available*  24 Hour Emergency Appello Call System* Residents Must Be Over The Age Of 55 Years*Close To Mutley Plain And Local Amenities* Lounge/Diner * Excellent On Site Facilities* Modern Bathroom*
"
"A well presented, two double bedroom, mid terrace property located in the sought after location of Keyham. Being sold with no onward chain, this property would make a wonderful first home. With two reception rooms, a modern kitchen, two double bedrooms, a good sized bathroom and an enclosed rea..."
"Situated in the heart of Keyham is this Two Bedroom Mid-Terraced property, with added benefits such as spacious Lounge/Diner, two double bedrooms and rear courtyard, as well as being advantageously close to local schools and amenities. Tenanted but being sold as no chain."
" A TWO BEDROOM SECOND FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT WITH JULIETTE BALCONY Hermitage Court was built by McCarthy & Stone and consists of 42 apartments arranged over five floors each served by a lift. The apartments consist of one or two bedrooms, entrance hall, lounge/dining room, fitted kitchen,..."
"PERFECT FIRST TIME BUY!! GUIDE PRICE:. A charming TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM mid terrace home, ready for any lucky new buyer to put their stamp on. With good usable outside space, A GARAGE and a lovely living room it's a fantastic first purchase or BTL investment in Stoke. Call to view!"
"A CORNER POSITION TWO BEDROOM FOURTH FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT WITH DOUBLE ASPECT Hermitage Court was built by McCarthy & Stone and consists of 42 apartments arranged over five floors each served by a lift. The apartments consist of one or two bedrooms, entrance hall, lounge/dining room, f..."
"A beautifully appointed terrace home in an excellent, desirable location. Entrance Hall, Modern Kitchen, Lounge/Dining Room, Double Bedroom, Recently Re-fitted Bathroom, GCH, PVCu D/G, Gardens & Parking For Two Cars"
"Offered with no onward chain is this two bedroom ground floor flat in the popular area of Hooe on a quiet cul-de-sac. The property briefly comprises two double bedrooms, neutral bathroom, modern kitchen, spacious living room and use of front garden. A perfect investment or first time buy"
"Offered with no onward chain is this delightful two bedroom ground floor flat in the popular area of Hooe on a quiet cul-de-sac. The property briefly comprises two double bedrooms, neutral bathroom, modern kitchen, spacious living room and use of front garden. A perfect investment or first time buy"
*Modern Terraced House *Two Bedrooms *Allocated Off Road Parking *Enclosed South-Facing Rear Garden *No Onward Chain *Excellent First Time Buy or Investment
"This beautiful two double bedroom top floor apartment is located in Greenbank, on the edge of the popular Freedom Fields park. The accommodation comprises entrance hallway with plentiful storage as well as a telephone entry phone system, modern fitted family bathroom, two double bedroo..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire this unique newly built end terrace property, located in desirable, residential location. This property is brand new, however there are some finishing touches to be done. The modern décor and clean finish is stunning with the ground floor comprising of open pl..."
"1 Bedroom Air bnb opportunity. Coming to the market in show house condition throughout with own door access, this ground floor converted mews flat offers modern living accommodation in a delightful setting. The property is further enhanced with private courtyard and private parking space."
"*** GREAT-SIZED DUPLEX APARTMENT OVER TWO FLOORS ***
Accommodation comprises entrance hall, two bedrooms, bathroom and WC, landing, bedroom three, lounge and kitchen diner. A super space close to City Centre with amenities close by."
"Located in one of Plymouth’s upcoming areas is this spacious two bedroom apartment, just a stone throws away from the Sea. This home in every way exceeds a buyers expectations with an abundance of free-flowing, bright and airy space. The layout has been intelligently thought out to suit buy..."
"Hindhead Property present this immaculately presented Victorian property located close to local schools in Keyham. Downstairs this property comprises of two good size reception rooms, a small but modern kitchen off the dining room and an enclosed courtyard. Upstairs benefits from an ample master ..."
Pilkington Estates are delighted to bring to market the unique and exciting opportunity to acquire a plot of land in the well regarded area of Hartley. The site has planning permission in place for two large detached dwellings and would perfectly suit those who are looking to develop or those loo...
"A three bedroom, mid terrace property located in Belliver Plymouth. In need of modernisation throughout, this property is offered to the open market with no onward chain. With open plan kitchen/diner, lounge, three bedrooms, family bathroom and an enclosed rear garden."
"'*GUIDE PRICE £160,000 - £170,000** **NO ONWARD CHAIN** A well presented two double bedroom mid terraced house. The spacious accommodation comprises a large lounge, porch, rear utility, two double bedrooms and a bathroom suite. To view please call . ER - D."
"Representing a perfect first-time purchase or possible investment opportunity is this well-presented period terraced house, situated in the popular district of Keyham. The property features a separate bay-fronted living room and a good-sized dining room which then leads into a fitted k..."
"A well presented, two bedroom mid terrace property in the highly sought after location of Keyham. Being sold with no onward chain, with lounge, kitchen/diner, utility room, bathroom, two double bedrooms and a rear courtyard this property would make a wonderful first home in a popular location."
"A delightful and unique ground floor apartment which briefly comprises an open plan sitting room, dining room and newly fitted kitchen area with a door leading out to a small private courtyard, a good size double bedroom, a newly fitted shower room with white three piece suite including double sh..."
"Two bedroom end of terrace house - Open plan lounge/diner - Modern Kitchen - Westerly facing, level and low maintenance garden - No chain - Lower level hobby room/home office room - Contemporary shower room - Great location for the dockyard and amenities"
"Stunning coach house in Sherford, perfect as an investment or first time buy.  The property is tastefully decorated and cosy with an open plan sitting room and fitted kitchen, double bedroom, and modern bathroom.  You can enjoy the added bonus of the single garage that has a useful u..."
"**FABULOUS FIRST TIME BUY IN WESTON MILL** Northumberland street is home to this beautifully extended family home. Boasting a sunny and private rear courtyard, two reception rooms and two double bedrooms this one is not to be missed. Early viewings are highly recommend so please contact..."
"One Bedroom House with Garden. Well presented one bedroom house within walking distance to local shops and bus routes. Accommodation includes modern fitted kitchen and bathroom, lounge/diner & double bedroom. A private low maintenance garden & allocated parking. This property wo..."
"This two to three bedroom bungalow is located in a good catchment area, with two schools just a few minutes’ walk from the front door. This property offers a unique opportunity to acquire a home in need of renovation, allowing any buyer the opportunity to put their own stamp on their future..."
"Offers In Excess of £160,000 - Situated in a popular residential road, close to main city bus routes and access routes, the property is also a short walk from several convenience stores. In need of modernisation, the property would make an incredible family home with the added benefit of a garage!"
"*Guide Price £160,000 - £170,000 (+ fees). For sale by Livestream Auction on 04/04/2023 at 14:00. A freehold mid-terrace central property in Plymouth, split into a one bedroom GF flat (currently let) and a 2/3 Bedroom Maisonette. DG & GCH. Investment Opportunity."
"** GUIDE PRICE £160,000 - £170,000** A deceptively spacious TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM, terraced house located conveniently close to Plymouth Dockyard. CHAIN FREE"
"Yopa Plymouth are pleased to be showing this large two double bedroom end of terrace period property located on Northesk Street, Stoke. The property is currently let for £750 pcm so would be a great buy to let investment or an amazing first time buy."
"*SOLD*We are excited to introduce this three-bedroom semi-detached family home located in the PL3 area, just a stone’s throw away from local schools, shops and great transport routes. The home currently has a great tenant in situ so this could be a great opportunity for someone looking for ..."
"A VERY WELL PRESENTED 5 DOUBLE BEDROOM FLAT with BALCONY, SEA VIEW and LARGE COMMUNAL COURTYARD in a POPULAR WATERSIDE LOCATION in COXSIDE, PLYMOUTH.
"
Pilkington Estates are delighted to bring to market the unique and exciting opportunity to acquire a plot of land in the well regarded area of Hartley. The site currently has planning permission in place for two large detached dwellings and would perfectly suit those who are looking to develop or...
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - The perfect investment property or bolt hole close to local amenities in the desirable area of Oreston. This two bedroom upper floor apartment benefits from allocated parking, two bedrooms, open plan living room / kitchen, GCH and DG."
"Charming second floor apartment which has been upgraded & redeveloped. Complete with two double bedrooms, open plan living space, main en-suite & complementary bathroom, with secure underground parking & a south facing balcony. EWS1 B1 Rating - No Onward Chain"
"**TUCKED AWAY IN A CUL-DE-SAC** A fantastic modern terraced house that would make a great first time buy or investment property. The property boasts an allocated parking space, lounge diner, two double bedrooms, bathroom with shower and a low maintenance rear garden. Adding to the prope..."
"Grade II Listed Apartment with sensational sea views & Communal South Facing Gardens. With allocated parking, two double bedrooms, exquisite shower room & open plan living space. Viewing highly advised. Excellent first time or investment purchase."
"Lang Town and Country are pleased to offer this very well presented; first floor, purpose-built apartment situated in a popular residential area. The apartment is located in a wonderful position overlooking a well presented communal green space. Situated in the convenient Manadon Park estate c..."
One Bedroom Lower Ground Floor Apartment. A delightful retirement apartment located in one of the more desirable buildings in Plymouth. Having enviable grounds surrounding the building and within a short walk to the Ridgeway shopping centre . Aimed at the over 60's the building offers i...
"Situated on Southernway, Plymstock we are delighted to be showing this very spacious two double bedroom Maisonette that has a garden most houses would be envious of."
