Summary
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this very individual DETACHED chalet style residence approached via a gated private entrance and occupying a GENEROUS plot with a delightful mature garden. Situated in a requested residential location, this deceptively ..."
"Boom Tower is one of only two detached waterside residences overlooking the entrance to Portsmouth Harbour, with unobscured panoramic views over The Solent and Isle of Wight. Situated on the narrow-cobbled streets of 'Spice Island,' a tiny peninsular steeped in history within the conserva..."
We have been asked to market some outstanding homes in our time but this house truly ranks as one of the most individual and unique homes in the Solent area. The property was originally used by Customs Officers from at least the early 1700's through to the 1970's when it was purchased by ...
"Your Move Southsea are delighted to introduce this multi-unit freehold block for sale in Southsea with no onward chain. Fully occupied, this apartment block is a rare opportunity for any investors, and provides a healthy annual income. The block comprises of 2 two bedroom apartments and 16 one ..."
"An outstanding property, finished to exceptionally high standards situated on the much favoured Portsdown Hill Road. This five bedroom house enjoys uninterrupted views of Portsmouth Harbour and Langstone Harbours, The Solent and the Isle of Wight."
"Periscope House is a uniquely fascinating home located on the cobbled streets of Spice Island in the conservation city of Old Portsmouth, a small peninsular steeped in history on the edge of Portsmouth Harbour. Occupying a bold corner plot, this German, steel and timber residence features eclecti..."
"Winton House is a house for all seasons with rooms with a view, this beautifully presented home offers a touch of luxury to family life and an excellent place to entertain. The primary house has 4001 sq ft of living space arranged over two floors yet within the grounds is a 516 sq ft orangery, a ..."
"Superb detached property situated on the crest of Portsdown Hill and enjoying far reaching views over The Solent, Isle of Wight and Portsmouth, this ideal family home has been finished to the very highest standards by the current owner and now offers extraordinary accommodation throughout. "
"Rare to the market, one of Southsea's statement homes offered in excellent condition. Wilton Lodge is a substantial detached Victorian Villa, which commands a large corner plot on Queens Crescent in Central Southsea. Situated within a short walking distance of both Marmion and Palmerston Road, lo..."
This impressive Villa was built in a classical Victorian style with red and yellow bricks with yellow brick quoins corner using Flemish bond brickwork. This individual detached home stands out amongst the stuccoed neighbouring homes. The accommodation provides 3702 sq ft of living space including...
"***SUPERB DETACHED HOME ON CRANESWATER AVENUE*** We are delighted to introduce to the market this beautifully presented Edwardian four bedroom detached home, on Craneswater Avenue, arranged over approximately 2200 square feet. Enjoying a prime location just off the sea front and situate..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase an established student block offering 17 letting rooms, 11 of which enjoy en-suite shower rooms. The accommodation offers all the necessary communal areas and facilities as required by Portsmouth City Council. The block fully let brings an annual return, in excess o..."
"An impressive, detached home with 2857 sq ft of living space arranged over two primary floors, the accommodation comprises: hallway with 21´ vaulted ceiling, cloakroom, living room, 21´ sitting room, integral garage and 27´ open plan kitchen/dining room as well as a utility room an..."
** COMING SOON - VIEWINGS COMMENCE WEEK BEGINNING 3rd APRIL - BOOK YOUR APPOINTMENT NOW ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this outstanding Thomas Ellis Owen designed residence situated in a fabulous setting within the Owens Conservation area of central Southsea. Located only a few minutes...
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this fabulous Penthouse apartment situated on the top floor of this very stylish Art Deco building located on Spice Island within the Cathedral City of Old Portsmouth and enjoying stunning 360-degree views across the ha...
Felton House was built c.1740 with a later addition to the side and rear which has been separated off to create a 3 bedroomed cottage with an entrance to the side of the main building. The main house is being sold with 995 years remaining of a new 999 year lease. The building is located in the he...
"We are pleased to welcome to the market The Tilings, an exceptional five bedroom waterfront home with off road parking in the popular location of Southampton Road, Portchester. This home boasts incredible solent views through Port Solent, Portchester Castle, Portsmouth Harbour and beyond..."
"Occupying an enviable plot directly overlooking the Camber with outstanding views of the bustling activity across the docks, pontoons and the iconic Spinnaker Tower, this superb town house offers generous living accommodation to suit a variety of buyers. With a striking semi-circular bay topped w..."
"Pilgerruh is situated in an imposing corner position with outstanding far-reaching views towards the City of Portsmouth, Langstone Harbour, the Isle of Wight and the Solent beyond. This impressive detached home is set behind a painted and rendered wall with a good size front garden and southerly ..."
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have the pleasure of marketing for sale this superb and substantial semi-detached Victorian residence offering a wealth of original and period style features situated in an established central Southsea location just a stroll from the Seafront and enjoying...
A four bedroom link-detached period family home with period features throughout and accommodation arranged over split levels with the added advantage of off road parking situated in central Southsea.
"SIMPLY STUNNING... A unique opportunity to purchase this 4 bedroom terraced townhouse in the sought after location of Perseus Terrace, Gunwharf Quays WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN. The property comprises of a spacious main living room with Juliette balcony, and a modern kitchen/diner wi..."
Located with in the conservation area of Southsea in the immediate vicinity of the Albert Road shopping and entertainment area and the main line rail link train station of Fratton with its direct links to London Waterloo and Victoria Station. This district was developed in the late Victorian era ...
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this superbly renovated Victorian Semi situated in one of Southsea's highly requested CONSERVATION AREAS just north of the fashionable Albert Road district with its many bars, cafes, restaurants, theatre and variety..."
"This penthouse apartment is something special, being located within the prestigious Gunwharf Quay development having a spacious layout with a light and airy feel, this apartment is one up from the rest with a large open plan living room incorporating kitchen with outstanding views over Portsmouth..."
This outstanding semi-detached Victorian residence is situated in a quiet residential street and has been renovated to an exceptional standard to now provide a stylish and comfortable home that would suit a family. The property has achieved a remarkable energy efficiency rating (B) for a property...
"A luxurious first floor apartment with uninterrupted views over the Harbour and across to Old Portsmouth, sold with no forward chain. Presented in immaculate condition throughout, this spacious two bedroom apartment benefits from a sunny southerly aspect balcony, secure gated underground parking ..."
"*** NO FORWARD CHAIN *** 10 HMO APARTMENTS *** SEPARATE GARDEN FLAT *** 11 APARTMENTS IN TOTAL *** ANNUAL INCOME CIRCA £82,000 WITH POTENITAL TO INCREASE *** BRILLIANT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION *** MUST SEE *** 8% YEILD *** HMO LICENSE GRANTED UNTIL JULY 2026 ***"
***INCREDIBLE GUNWHARF PENTHOUSE*** Are you looking for a luxury penthouse situated in the requested area of Gunwharf Quay's with secure parking? How about a penthouse that gives you views far stretching views across Portsmouth from your own 60ft roof terrace? If you can a...
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** Outstanding PERIOD style semi-detached residence in this much requested conservation area just north of the fashionable Albert Road district of Southsea. Internally, this BEAUTIFULLY presented Victorian house has been painstakingly upgraded by the present ow..."
"** View our 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this outstanding VICTORIAN semi-detached residence situated in one of Southsea's highly requested CONSERVATION areas just north of the fashionable Albert Road district. With a flair for interior design, our clients ..."
Opportunity to purchase this nine bedroom detached property with separate self contained flat situated in the heart of Portsmouth. Previously in use as retirement living accommodation this substantial dwelling is being offered with vacant possession.
"This penthouse apartment is above the rest, with spacious living accommodation and access to a lift which takes you directly to the apartment, a roof top terrace and outstanding harbour views. Covering the whole top floor of the smaller Lombard Court building, the apartment has views from all ang..."
"An impressive and imposing three storey townhouse located within the heart of the historic conservation area in Old Portsmouth within 100 yards of the harbour entrance and oldest part of the City. The accommodation is arranged over three primary floors and comprises; hallway, dining room, kitche..."
"Set back off the road and situated on the ever so popular Portsdown Hill Location is this moderately sized detached house oozing charm and character as well as far reaching, unbroken, panoramic views across the Solent including Gunwharf Quays' Spinnaker Tower, Langstone Harbour and, on a clear da..."
4 Bedroom Town House situated in Old Portsmouth with stunning sea views across The Solent to the Isle of Wight with garage and remote 12 Metre Mooring. Must be seen to fully appreciate all that is to offer. 
"A 1930´s built, four bedroom detached family home which is situated in an elevated, residential cul-de-sac location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, recreation grounds, commutable road and rail links and within the catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield ..."
"Anglesey is an impressive semi-detached Victorian villa which is situated in a popular conservation area of Southsea yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, commutable road and rail links as well as Southsea Common, with some 480 acres of open grassland. The accommodation ..."
"**VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this OUTSTANDING four bedroom house located in this much requested residential Milton Area of Southsea. This modern DETACHED family home benefits from a bold frontage with driveway parking for several cars, double gates l..."
FANTASTIC south facing extended 3 bedroom marina side townhouse with 11 Metre Mooring. Located on the prestigious Bryher Island and facing south onto the main marina fairway this property is one not to be missed. 
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this SUBSTANTIAL five bedroom family residence situated in an EXCELLENT central Southsea location just around the corner from the main shopping precinct at Palmerston Road and only a short walk to the seafront. At over ...
"""Back on the market"" A simply must see property that cannot be missed. Walk on into this semi-detached house and be blown away by the sheer space and accommodation on offer for the modern day growing or extended family. Classic character with a modern twist."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this Three Storey End of Terrace Town House situated in a fabulous residential location within the CONSERVATION cathedral city of Old Portsmouth just a stroll from the waterfront, open parkland, Spice Island and the Marina complex of Gunwharf Quays. EXCELLEN..."
"REQUIRING GENERAL MODERNISATION, this spacious and superior FOUR BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOUSE benefits from a generous garden, garage plus long private driveway, replacement double-glazing, and gas central heating. 
"
"We are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented three bedroom detached home situated in the sought after location of Mulberry Lane, East Cosham. The property has undergone extensive modernisation over recent years and now offers extended family accommodation. To the ground floor you..."
"***BOUTIQUE BED & BREAKFAST WITH SIX ENSUITE GUEST ROOMS PLUS RESTAURANT/CAFÉ USE*** We are thrilled to introduce to the sales market, this exquisite grade II listed townhouse situated within the vibrant heart of Central Southsea. Awarded the highly coveted, 'Best Restoration' b..."
Stunning Six bedroom home with a wealth of original features. Potential off road parking (STP) with views over Milton park.
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this unique PENTHOUSE enjoying prime sea and harbour views across The Solent and Isle of Wight beyond. Situated in the COBBLED Tower Alley just off Broad Street adjoining the iconic longtitude/latitude stone arched doo...
"NO FORWARD CHAIN Days estates Southsea are delight to welcome to the market this five bedroom semi-detached house in the very much sought after location of Nettlecombe Avenue, Southsea. The property is being sold with no forward chain and boast off road parking , celler/basement, 19ft kitchen..."
"Situated on the upper hills of Drayton, not far from Ports Down Hill which is famous for its magnificent views over Portsmouth and beyond, makes this large Detached, Three Bedroom, split level property, one of the most desirable in the area."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this 2 bedroom first floor apartment with large lounge, 2 double bedrooms. fitted kitchen, bathroom with separate WC. The property is fitted with double glazing, gas central heating and can be offered with no chain or with the current tenants in situ, who are..."
"This individually designed and built house was aptly named as it originally started its life as the Still Tavern, recorded in 1733. The name ´Still´ coming from whistling the ´Still´ with the Bosuns pipe. Many centuries ago, Spice Island and The Point sat outside the city wall..."
"We are proud to present for sale this spacious four bedroom family home situated in the prime hillslope location of Beverley Grove, Farlington. The property offers extended living accommodation to the ground floor which includes a lounge, study, WC, utility room and an open plan kitchen / family ..."
"A semi-detached family home which is situated in a popular residential location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, recreation grounds, commutable road links and the catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). This substantial home..."
"An extended, detached family home which is located on an imposing corner plot with wrap around gardens on three sides. The accommodation is laid out over two primary floors and provides 2583 sq ft of living space including garaging and comprises: porch, hallway, sitting room, dining room, 16´..."
"A deceptively spacious and extended five bedroom detached family home which is situated in a northern hillslopes position yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, recreation grounds, commutable road links and within the catchment of both Solent and Springfield Schools (subj..."
"An extended, detached family home which is situated in one of Drayton´s most popular elevated, tree lined, locations yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, commutable road links, recreation grounds and within the catchment of both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (..."
"UNSOLD AT AUCTION. CASH (ONLY) OFFERS NOW INVITED. GUIDE PRICE:  £700,000.    OF INTEREST TO KEEN OWNER-OCCUPIERS IN PARTICULAR, this UNIQUE OPPORTUNITY HAVING IMMENSE POTENTIAL.
"
"** EXCEPTIONAL RESIDENCE IN PRIME CENTRAL SOUTHSEA LOCATION ** This impressive and expansive home joins the market in the popular and central location of Elphinstone Road. With accommodation split over four floors, this home offers space, flexibility and period features that are symbolic..."
"** WONDERFUL OPPORTUNITY TO MODERNISE IN PRIME SOUTHSEA LOCATION ** We are absolutely thrilled to bring to the market this wonderful opportunity in a highly requested pocket of Southsea. Sitting proudly in a prime corner plot, this end of terrace house set over three floors has bundles o..."
"*** A Landmark building offering scope for conversion, subject to the relevant planning approval *** Situated directly opposite Ravelin Park, this imposing four story townhouse has for many years been home to a well know local firm of Chartered Surveyors. We feel there is scope for conv..."
"This detached house is an absolute must see 'stand out' property in a popular Southsea location. Minutes from the seafront, beach and daily amenities. Excellent school and college catchment area."
"This stunning townhouse in a highly requested area of Southsea has been updated and modernised throughout, now providing an outstanding family home with accommodation set over three inspiring and superbly presented floors. Upon entering the attention to detail is evident, with a bright and airy h..."
"A detached, four-bedroom 1929 built family residence which is situated in a popular residential location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus and train routes, recreation ground and the catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The accommo..."
"***BUYER INCENTIVE AVAILABLE ON THIS PROPERTY - call now for more details*** A spacious four bedroom detached chalet bungalow with accommodation comprising a spacious entrance hall with staircase leading to the first floor, generous sitting room with sliding patio doors leading to the garden, ..."
"***DETACHED FOUR/FIVE BEDROOM CHALET WITH SEA VIEWS*** We are thrilled to introduce to the sales market, this large four bedroom chalet in the heart of the highly sought after location of Sea View Road, Drayton. Entering the property, you have space in abundance on the ground fl..."
"** FOUR/FIVE BEDROOM, DETACHED, SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN, AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING ** Jeffries and Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached chalet bungalow situated in the popular hillslope location of Sea View Road, Drayton. Set within the school catchment for both Solent..."
"Contemporary living at its best, combining comfort and style with impeccable design and attention to detail! Executive two double bedroom apartment in Gunwharf Quays signature No.1 Building, Boasting over 1,100 square foot of living space and located on the 21st floor. This apartment boasts simpl..."
" A substantial 6 bedroom family home in central Southsea. Benefitting from multiple reception rooms, several bathrooms, and a driveway to the front. As you arrive at the property is approached via a driveway leading into the front porch into a grand entrance hallway. On the left hand side is..."
"A superior, semi-detached Victorian period residence, located with in the conservation area of central Southsea. The property has been lovingly cherished over the years and sympathetically renovated retaining the wealth of Victorian features now blended with modern eclectic styling. The property ..."
"No.6 Admiral Square is a unique property located on the corner of Grove Road South and Nelson Road, it stands out from the rest, protruding at an angle to the road with large bay windows on each of the four levels. The accommodation provides 1372 sq ft of living space arranged over four floors wi..."
"This well-proportioned town house offers generous accommodation that would suit a family and is being offered with no forward chain. With the benefit of a single garage at the rear, the property sits on High Street, Old Portsmouth just moments from the iconic Portsmouth Cathedral and the bustling..."
"This beautifully presented spacious family home boasts five double bedrooms. three reception rooms and three bathrooms. Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac close to Queen Alexandra Hospital, local amenities and Cosham train station this is an ideal setting for commuters or professionals working in the..."
"A semi-detached family home which is situated towards the top of one of the most popular tree lined ´Welsh Avenues´ in Drayton. The accommodation offers 1933 sq ft of living space and comprises: hallway, sitting room, 28´ open plan kitchen incorporating dining and family room, util..."
"We present to you this generous size, detached 4 bedroom house located in the sought after area of Hereford Road, Southsea. With no forward chain, this is an ideal investment opportunity or the perfect project for someone looking for their dream home. Please contact to arrange a viewing."
"GARAGE! Jeffries & Dibbens are delighted to bring to the market this three bedroom property located in Lower Derby Road, Stamshaw. Accommodation on offer comprises a 19ft reception room, an 11ft fitted kitchen and family bathroom to the ground floor, with three double bedrooms to the first fl..."
"Holly Blue is set back from the road behind a mature front garden and private driveway. The house is believed to have been built in the 1930´s with large windows, tall ceilings and a light and airy feel. The accommodation provides 1846 Sq Ft of living space arranged over two floors and compr..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this truly OUTSTANDING 5-year old link detached family home situated in a small cul-de-sac location close to Langstone Harbour foreshore. At over 1,600 sq.ft (156 sq.m) spanning three floors, you will be PLEASANTLY surp..."
"We are pleased to welcome to the market this exception four bedroom detached property with double garage and off road parking in the sought after location of Skye Close, Cosham. This property is being offered with No Forward Chain. This property is well presented throughout and the groun..."
"Set just back from the seafront is this impressive semi-detached home with off-road parking and a sizeable rear garden. With well-proportioned rooms to suit a family, the property has an internal accommodation measuring over 1,700 sqft (158 sqm) and comprises; a welcoming entrance hall, a bay-fro..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this 1930's four bedroom detached home boasting large windows, tall ceilings and a light and airy feel. The accommodation is arranged over two floors and comprises; hallway, 33' living room, conservatory / lean-to, cloakroom and kitchen / breakfast room on the g..."
"Jeffries and Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this spacious four bedroom house situated in the sought after hill-slope location of Grant Road, Farlington. The accommodation on offers comprises an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, WC, modern fitted kitchen and garden room to the ground fl..."
"Netley Terrace was believed to have been built around 1850, the Stucco frontage can be seen in many major cities such as Cheltenham, Bath and Bristol, townhouses that are laid out over multiple levels which is ideal for city living. We understand that in recent years No.11 was sensitively restore..."
"This attractive semi-detached Victorian property has a striking front elevation with bay window, contrasting quoining brick detailing and a deep frontage providing off-road parking for multiple vehicles. Entering the property from a solid oak stained-glass front door, the internal accommodation c..."
"***OFF ROAD PARKING & NO ONWARD CHAIN!*** Beautifully presented, FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM semi-detached character residence situated in the ever popular location of Victoria Road South, Southsea offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN & OFF ROAD PARKING! This imposing residence must be seen to be fully a..."
"An individually 1960´s designed and built detached family home which is situated in a popular residential, elevated cul-de-sac location yet within easy access of recreation grounds, commutable road links, bus routes, shopping amenities and within the catchment for both Solent and Springfield..."
"RARE OPPERTUNITY... A rare opportunity has arisen to buyer this four bedroom semi-detached home in Queens Grove, Within walking distance to Palmerston Road with its range of shops, cafes and bars. The property is set over three floors with ample living space and all four double bedrooms making it..."
TAKE A LOOK AT OUR 360 TOUR! An impeccably presented fully renovated and remodelled three bedroom detached chalet style bungalow with views towards Langstone Harbour from the first floor bedrooms. The property has been completely renovated by the current owner over the past year or so to include ...
"A detached four bedroom family home which has been designed with open plan living in mind and for those working from home, the property is close to commutable road links and within a few minutes´ walk of recreation grounds, shopping amenities, bus routes and school catchment. The accommodati..."
"A modern detached residence which is situated in an elevated location and located less than half a mile from the local shops as well as transport links, bus routes, yet within easy access of local shops as well as transport links, bus routes, mainline railway station, motorway commutable access a..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We are delighted to offer for sale this OUTSTANDING Grade II listed Georgian townhouse situated within the highly requested and very fashionable Castle Road Conservation Area. PERFECTLY located for a leisurely stroll to Southsea Common and the seafront, the ..."
Fry & Kent has pleasure in marketing for sale this FABULOUS Victorian End of terrace Town House situated in an enviable location within the much requested 'Owens CONSERVATION Area' of Southsea just around the corner from the main shopping precinct at Palmerston Road and the seafront. ...
This double bay and forecourt property was built in the 1930's and has been extended and improved to now provide an excellent home with space for a growing family. An access driveway at the rear of the property leads to a single garage with a parking space in front providing all-important off roa...
***NO ONWARD CHAIN!*** Requiring full modernisation and refurbishment this house could be transformed into the most glorious home. A substantial four double bedroom detached Victorian residence with four reception rooms found in a great location in the heart of Southsea. The spacious accommodatio...
"We are delighted to offer for sale this truly wonderful and beautifully presented detached family home located in a cul-de-sac in Widley. Occupying a prominent corner plot this property has been extended and improved significantly, has the potential to be extended and improved further and really ..."
"**** NO FORWARD CHAIN**** An individually designed and built detached family home which is situated in a popular residential, elevated location with outstanding views towards Langstone Harbour and Hayling Island in the distance. The property has been extended and provides 2053 sq ft of living spa..."
"Castles are pleased to welcome to the market this immaculate five bedroom detached property with off road parking in the popular location of Havant Road, Farlington. The ground floor of this well presented home consists of an entrance hallway, large lounge room to the front of the prope..."
"This architect designed semi-detached house was built in 2017 in a Victorian style, sympathetic with its traditional surroundings but designed to the highest standard of modern construction and offering fantastic living accommodation for a family in a popular Southsea location. The property was b..."
"**RARELY AVAILABLE**, Five Bedroom, well presented, South Facing Townhouse with GARAGE and 11m MOORING. This property is one not be missed. Must be viewed to appreciate fully. NO ONWARD CHAIN"
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this substantial 1990's built FIVE BEDROOM detached residence occupying a generous plot 'tucked away' at the end of an ELEVATED cul-de-sac just north of Cosham town centre. Cosham Heights consists of modern ...
"***TWO BEDROOMS***HEART OF PORTSMOUTH***CHARACTER KITCHEN***MODERN BATHROOM***CLEAN WHITE DECOR***NO FORWARD CHAIN***360 TOUR*** A lovely two bedroomed house in the heart of Portsmouth. Two large double rooms, modern bathroom and character kitchen. Stripped back wooden flooring and no forward ..."
"GREAT OPPORTUNITY to purchase this sunny end of terrace 4 bedroom marina home with its own 11 metre mooring at the foot of the garden. Many features such as sunny west facing marina garden, loft conversion, double glazing throughout, summer room and with Planning Permission in Place for further d..."
"A spacious detached house with a delightful, far-reaching view over Langstone water and towards Hayling Island. Well-proportioned accommodation including a living/dining room plus separate lounge, large kitchen/breakfast room, 3 double bedrooms, west-facing gardens, garage and off-road parking."
"Nestled within one of Southsea's finest pockets, sits this Grade II listed characterful family home. Built circa 1840, this property retains a tremendous amount of originality throughout the house and benefits from red brick elevations in Flemish bond, stone steps with wrought iron railings and o..."
This striking three bedroom Thomas Ellis Owen style terrace is situated in the heart of Southsea in a well established and traditionally very popular residential setting which has been designated a conservation area by the Local Authority with tree lined pavements and Victorian street lighting. T...
"We are delighted to offer an opportunity to purchase the three bedroom detached residence in the sought after location of Beverley Grove, Farlington. Set within a generous plot, this property boasts enormous potential and stunning views toward Langstone Harbour from its elevated position. The ext..."
"We are thrilled to welcome to the market, a truly amazing opportunity in the heart of Southsea. This unique property offers a wonderful opportunity for a new owner to create something quite special, being arranged over approximately 2600 square foot with huge potential! This beautiful Vi..."
"Beautifully presented FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM character residence occupying a prominent position in the ever popular conservation area of Campbell Road, Southsea. This imposing residence must be seen to be fully appreciated offering a wealth of character features, versatility & accommodation thro..."
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE TOUR ** We have pleasure in offering a UNIQUE opportunity to purchase a distinctive Grade II Listed Thomas Ellis Owen DETACHED VILLA occupying a corner plot within the highly requested Owens Conservation Area just a stroll north of the main shopping precinct and Southsea S...
"We have pleasure in offering a UNIQUE opportunity to purchase an end of terrace town house situated in an ENVIABLE setting in Old Portsmouth and perfectly located within a short walk of Portsmouth Cathedral, The Hot Walls, Spice Island, WATERFRONT, excellent private schooling and the main shoppin..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this spacious three bedroom extended detached house situated is the sought after hillslope location of Beverley Grove, Farlington. The property boasts three reception rooms, kitchen and cloakroom to the ground floor. To the first floor there is a shower room, th..."
"Three bedroom house situated in one of Southsea's much requested RESIDENTIAL locations just around the corner from the main shopping precinct at Palmerston Road with its VARIETY of cafes, bars and restaurants all within a short walk. A much loved family home for the last thirty years, the own..."
"Situated on the popular Drayton Hillslopes and a short walk from both Solent Schools is this 4 Double Bedroom Detached House. Benefitting from a Large Garden and Off Road Parking for 3-4 Cars, this property has 2 Reception Rooms, good size Kitchen plus Utility Room, Family Bathroom plus Downst..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this STUNNING Penthouse 'loft' apartment situated in an ENVIABLE and highly requested location overlooking Southsea seafront, The Solent and Isle of Wight beyond. Approached via remote control gates, the apartme..."
"** IMPRESSIVE DETACHED HOUSE IN REQUESTED MILTON LOCATION ** We are delighted to offer for sale this great size detached residence in Siskin Road, Milton. Offered with no onward chain, this well appointed home is ideal for a growing family to enjoy for years to come. From the m..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this impressive three-bedroom, semi-detached family home which is situated in one of Drayton's popular residential tree lined avenues. The accommodation is arranged over two floors and comprises; entrance hall, dining room, extended 23'9 lounge, kitchen/breakfas..."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this FABULOUS Victorian residence situated in one of Southsea's highly requested CONSERVATION AREAS just north of the main shopping precinct and the many cafes, bars and restaurants associated with this FASHIONABLE central location. Excellent schooling, ..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this exceptional FOUR BEDROOM Victorian bay & forecourt terraced house situated in a sought-after Central Southsea location within the highly requested Castle Road CONSERVATION Area complete with an array of ""Thomas Owen"" houses. Pelham Road sits..."
"Located with in the Conservation area of central Southsea, situated within the immediate vicinity of the Albert Road shopping and entertainment area this end of terraced house circa 1975 has undergone a programme of re-modernisation by the present owner and now offers open plan living style which..."
"A link-detached four bedroom family home which is situated in a popular residential location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, commutable road and rail links, recreation grounds and within the catchment of both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The ac..."
"We are thrilled to introduce this substantial detached four bedroom property, located within a sought after cul-de-sac in Cosham, complete with off road parking and a double garage this wonderful property has all the characteristics of a family home, with the added bonus of a spacious south-facin..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this SUPERB 1950's individually designed detached family home situated in the much requested location of Penk Ridge which is within close proximity to the commuter links of the A3, A27 and boasts far reaching views over Hayling Island, Langstone Harbour and the ..."
"We are delighted to present to the market this BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED four bedroom home originally built in 1896 which offers an abundance of CHARACTER and ORIGINAL FEATURES. The ground floor consist of a spacious entrance hall, storage cupboards, large sitting room with a front bay window and FE..."
"This beautifully presented 1930's detached family home sits in a popular location and offers easy access to local schools, shops and amenities. With a south facing garden, open plan kitchen/dining room, four double bedrooms, two bathrooms, utility room, study and a driveway providing ample off ro..."
"We are delighted to welcome to the market this well presented three bedroom end of terraced house, situated in the cul-de-sac location of Lordington Close, Drayton. The property boosts a 27'2 lounge/diner, kitchen, WC and conservatory to the ground floor. To the first floor you will find three be..."
"A detached three double bedroom bungalow in the sought after location of Farlington, with ease of access to local schools and transport. With off-road parking for multiple cars, a garage, spacious accommodation and the potential to extend with the correct planning. Book viewings 24/7 online. On..."
We have pleasure in marketing for sale this CHARMING landmark residence situated on the corner of a historical cobbled lane within the CONSERVATION cathedral city of Old Portsmouth. Located in an area of architectural importance overlooking the 15th century Grade II listed Square Tower and just y...
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this exceptional Victorian bay & forecourt terraced house situated in a sought after Central Southsea location within the highly requested Castle Road CONSERVATION Area complete with an array of ""Thomas Owen"" houses. Entering the property from t..."
Delightful three bedroom South facing property with garage and 11 metre mooring to rear. This property is well presented throughout and has double glazing and gas central heating. 
"Delightful three bedroom terraced home with car port, driveway parking and 11 metre mooring situated in the highly desirable Bryher Island. This property is offered with no onward chain and viewing is essential to appreciate all it has to offer."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this modern Four Bedroom TOWN HOUSE situated in a fabulous residential location within the CONSERVATION city of Old Portsmouth overlooking the Cathedral and just around the corner from the HISTORIC Hotwalls (and beach), Spice Island and a short walk to the ..."
"** STUNNING FAMILY HOME SITUATED IN MARINE GATE ** We are thrilled to present a quite wonderful home situated in the ever popular private estate Marine Gate. A former Royal Marine Barracks, this exquisite part of Southsea offers a private surrounding to be enjoyed and a fabulous home bef..."
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire this superb three storey property in an ever popular and sought after cul-de-sac within 'Marine Gate'. Offered to the market in immaculate condition throughout, this four-bedroom house would make an ideal family home. Situated within the former Royal Marine Barr..."
*** KIRBY ROAD *** *** NO FORWARD CHAIN *** *** DOUBLE GARAGE *** *** LOFT ROOM WITH EN-SUITE *** *** EXTENDED KITCHEN/DINER/FAMILY ROOM *** *** SEPARATE LOUNGE *** *** LARGE FAMILY BATHROOM *** This substantial end of terrace double bay and forecourt property occupies a corner posit...
"We are delighted to offer for sale this impressive four bedroom extended semi- detached house situated in the popular hillslope location of Sea View Road, Drayton. This well presented family home offers far reaching views towards Langstone Harbour and the City of Portsmouth. Set within the catchm..."
"**FIVE BEDROOM END-OF-TERRACE WITH A LARGE DOUBLE GARAGE** We are delighted to introduce to the sales market, this beautiful five bedroom end-of-terrace in the highly sought after location of Kirby Road. This wonderfully spacious property would make a fantastic family home, with..."
"STAMP DUTY AND SOLICITORS PAID Days Estates Southsea are extremely privileged to welcome to the market these Six new build 4 bedroom town houses in the popular location of Compton road , Copnor, Portsmouth. The property is let at £2500 PCM returning a healthy 5.5% on investment Stunning..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this modern extended three/ four bedroom detached house situated in the popular location of Central Road, Drayton. The property is located within the catchment for both Springfield and Court Lane Schools catchments and is only a short distance to other local ame..."
"***SPECTACULAR FOUR BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE AT MONEYFIELD MEWS*** PART EXCHANGE CONSIDERED*** We are thrilled to welcome to the sales market, this beautiful four bedroom new-build townhouse, in the highly anticipated redevelopment of Moneyfields Football Club, to bring you Moneyfield Mews ..."
"A 1930´s built, three-bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated in a popular residential cul-de-sac location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, recreation grounds and the catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). T..."
"***SPECTACULAR FOUR BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE AT MONEYFIELD MEWS*** Deposit Paid up to 5%-Developer Assisted Sale-Part-exchange Considered-Stamp Duty paid We are thrilled to welcome to the sales market, this beautiful four bedroom new-build townhouse, in the highly anticipated redevelop..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this rarely available modern three/ four bedroom detached property located in Sunnyfields, Central Road, Drayton. The property offers everything that a family home needs, situated close to the local Court Lane and Springfield schools and only a short walk to the..."
"Buyers Fees apply - see brochure for details. Walk on in and be simply taken back by the sheer size throughout this detached house. Potential for stunning family residence or HMO/investment. Must be seen. ""This property is for sale by the Modern Method of Auction. Should you view, offer or bid on..."
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this SUBSTANTIAL semi-detached family home situated in the cul-de-sac section of Grant Road located on the upper hillslopes PLEASANTLY backing on to open fields. Solent Infant and Junior Schools are both within a short...
"STUNNING 4 BEDROOM FAMILY HOME WITH SELF CONTAINED UNIT! We are proud to present this modern 4 bedroom house on St Andrews Road. Being ideal for families and for those that need additional living accommodation for loved ones, this property is situated in a great location,. Call us now to v..."
"We are pleased to offer to the market this mid terraced property located in Ledbury Road, Paulsgrove. Accommodation comprises lounge, kitchen, sun room to the ground floor, with three bedrooms and a family bathroom to the first floor. Furthermore, the property boasts a driveway to the front of..."
"An individual detached property which is currently used a Veterinary Surgery but has planning reference number 21/01431/FUL, to change the use from a veterinary practice Class E to a four bedroom dwelling house Class C3. The property is marketed as seen, therefore consideration should be given to..."
"Completed in Summer 2022 and to an extremely high specification this comprehensive, four bedroom, semi-detached town house is situated in Compton Road, North End. The ground floor boasts a 12' newly fitted kitchen with a range of integrated 'Neff' appliances, a WC, two reception rooms, the rear o..."
"This imposing semi-detached property has made for the perfect family home and is now available to view with Lawson Rose estate agents. Having the desirable convenience of its own driveway, a benefit which is arguable hard to find in such a central area of Southsea, the home has an array of featur..."
"This exceptional penthouse apartment enjoys panoramic views over the seafront, The Solent and to the Isle of Wight. The views are best enjoyed from a spacious balcony with glass balustrades accessed via a generous living room on the top floor. Also on this floor is a contemporary kitchen with amp..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this well presented extended four bedroom semi-detached home situated in the prime hillslope location of Aberdare Avenue, Drayton. The property has been extended and enhanced by the current owners and now benefits from an open plan kitchen / diner, separate loun..."
This modern four bedroom detached home makes great use of space and light. On the ground floor you will find a large open plan kitchen with French doors to your South West facing garden also a separate utility. The dual aspect lounge with feature bay window is a perfect place to relax. Upstairs ...
We have pleasure in marketing for sale this EXTENDED 1930's semi-detached family home situated in the popular residential 'Welsh Avenues' on the upper hillslopes of Drayton just a short walk from excellent local schooling and shops. Featuring an OUTSTANDING open plan kitchen/dining/fa...
"FOUR BEDROOM HOME IN CENTRAL SOUTHSEA! Lime Tree House is situated in one of central Southsea's most requested locations. Nelson Road is located within a few minutes' walk of Palmerston Road Shopping Precinct, the Seafront and highly regarded schools, such as Mayville, Portsmouth Grammar and High..."
"Well presented NINE DOUBLE BEDROOM double bay & forecourt HMO mid terrace house situated in the ever popular location of Lawrence Road offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! Arranged over four floors, the exceptionally spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, bedroom one with bay window, commu..."
"A detached two-bedroom bungalow which is situated in a popular residential location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, commutable road links, Drayton Surgery, shopping amenities as well as being within in the catchment of both Solent and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmati..."
"This substantial four bedroomed detached property is light, bright and airy.  Benefitting from excellent room sizes throughout and an attractive modern fitted kitchen, this spacious property would make a lovely family home. In brief the property consists of entrance lobby, large lounge which is o..."
"Days Estates Southsea are extremely privileged to welcome to the market these Six new build 4 bedroom town houses in the popular location of Compton road , Copnor, Portsmouth. 50% have already been sold off plan ! Stunning looking properties from the outside which offer off road parking, solar ..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this modern four bedroom DETACHED town house situated in an ELEVATED cul-de-sac setting within the highly requested Court Lane and Springfield Schools catchment and just a stroll to local shopping center, leisure facili..."
"A modern, four bedroom detached family home which is situated in a popular residential estate (built approximately 8 years ago) yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, Drayton Park, commutable road links and catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (subject to..."
"A modern detached three-bedroom bungalow which is situated in a secluded location on the elevated hillslopes yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, Solent & Springfield schools (subject to confirmation), The Drayton Surgery and commutable road links. The property is d..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this End of Terrace family home situated in the very heart of the CONSERVATION city of Old Portsmouth within a short stroll of the waterfront, the historic Hot Walls, Spice Island and the cosmopolitan MARINA complex of Gunwharf Quays. The property is also locate..."
"THIS SEVEN BEDROOM HMO IS PERFECTLY SITUATED FOR THE UNIVERSITY. WITH NEW TENANTS TAKING UP OCCUPATION FROM SEPTEMBER FOR AN 11 MONTH TERM, THIS IS A PERFECT INVESTMENT PROPERTY. Presented to a high standard and benefitting from mixed use (C3/C4) planning and current HMO licence, this i..."
**DETACHED FAMILY HOME** We are delighted to welcome a rare opportunity to offer for sale a premium semi-detached property at the end of a cul-de-sac in Anchorage Park.
"**OFF STREET PARKING & OUTBUILDING** We are honoured to welcome to the market this impressive, extended three bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated in one of Drayton's most desirable roads."
We are pleased to welcome to the market this five bedroom semi detached property with off road parking and large garden in the popular Drayton location of Lower Drayton Lane. The property is a large family home and the ground floor consists of a separate lounge room to the front and a hu...
"UNIQUE FOUR BEDROOM HOME WITH GARAGE! A truly unique property which can be found along Oxford Road, Southsea, situated within close proximity to Albert Road with its an array of bars and restaurants and The Kings Theatre. Formerly used as a blacksmiths residence, this home has an abundance of bes..."
"We are delighted to welcome to the market, Audley House, a fine example of a Victorian Townhouse. This four bedroom property is laid out over four floors and is located within touching distance of Central Southsea which offers excellent choices with it's wide range of shops, bars and restaurants ..."
"*** FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY -7 BED HMO - £3,923 PCM (£4,106 AS OF 2023) * ** We are delighted to welcome to the market this 7 bedroom property, in the popular location of Central Southsea This spacious 7 bedroom for 7 persons with HMO licence property sees all rooms le..."
"Tucked away in popular cul-de-sac is this charming two bedroom end of terrace house which is well-presented throughout and would make for an ideal first-time buy or buy-to-let investment. With some period features retained, the internal accommodation comprises; a cosy lounge with period fire plac..."
We're delighted to bring you this stunning four bedroom property in the highly sought after location of Anchorage Park. With a block paved driveway and fantastic downstairs living space it's not one to be missed. 
"We are pleased to bring to the market this spacious 5 bedroom family home with numerous period features including fireplaces, sash windows, cornice ceilings, ceiling roses and picture rails. The accommodation comprises 5 double bedrooms, 3 reception rooms, fitted kitchen, ground floor cloakroom, ..."
"We are delighted to introduce to the sales market, this very well presented property in the corner of a sought after cul-de-sac in Anchorage Park. This charming property boasts a two separate driveways to either side of the home as a garage, providing ample external space. Movi..."
"EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! An exciting opportunity to purchase two shared freehold investment properties forming part of this former semi-detached house. Currently arranged as a seven bedroom HMO, ground floor flat and ground floor studio, generating a joint annual income of £33,559. ..."
"TO BE SOLD BY PUBLIC AUCTION 25 MAY 2023. (unless sold previously) GUIDE PRICE:  £500,000+ Of interest to keen owner-occupiers, also builders and investors: the very well-situated and substantial CORNER CHARACTER PROPERTY with detached garage; currently ARRANGED AS..."
"Set in Old Portsmouth's popular Gunwharf Gate development is this spacious four bedroom town house offering excellent accommodation for a family and presented in good condition throughout. With an integral garage, residents and visitors parking the internal accommodation comprises; Porch with clo..."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale a brand new DETACHED house (Currently under construction) situated in an excellent central Southsea location within a short walk to the main shopping precinct at Palmerston Road and SEAFRONT. Spanning three floors, the accommodation comprises; entrance hall ..."
"This comprehensive, four bedroom terraced house located in Baffins Road, Milton comes with double garage & annexe! The main property has four bedrooms including three double rooms. The master offers an en-suite shower room and measures 14'3 x 14'9. In addition the property boasts a modern-fit..."
A rare opportunity to purchase a bungalow in the centre of Southsea. This three bedroom semi-detached bungalow has been upgraded in recent years by the current owner to provide well-appointed and comfortable property that will suit a variety of purchasers. The property benefits from a deep resin ...
"Enjoying a delightful and much prized backwater location in the very HEART OF SOUTHSEA TOWN CENTRE, this unique and charming DETACHED THREE BEDROOM FORMER COACH HOUSE benefits from a  cobbled courtyard, attached garage plus off-street parking, roof terrace, replacement double-glazing, and..."
"Just yards from the water's edge, a truly rare find indeed: enjoying VIEWS TOWARDS PORTSMOUTH HARBOUR AND BEYOND, this unusually spacious, purpose-built THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT benefits from GARAGE PLUS CAR PORT, gas central heating, replacement double-glazing, and usefu..."
"No. 77 is a three-storey townhouse which is situated on the highly desirable Bryher Island location. Being located on the northwest side, the property benefits from far reaching views towards Portsdown Hill. The living accommodation is laid out over three primary floors. On the entrance level is ..."
"A great opportunity to buy this end of terrace house with garage which offers flexible accommodation over 5 bedrooms at Port Solent Marina house, with a large enclosed rear garden, GAS CENTRAL HEATING and double glazing. A perfect family home in a perfect location. CALL NOW TO ARRANGE A VIEWING."
"Situated on the Popular Welsh Avenues on the Drayton Hillslopes is this lovely 4 Bedroom Semi-Detached House. With a West Facing Garden, this family home in Merthyr Avenue is a very short walk from Portsdown Hill, close to Drayton Shops and in the catchment for Court Lane and Springfield Schoo..."
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE based in the heart of SOUTHSEA IMMACULATELY PRESENTED OVER THREE FLOORS. Comprises of THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, 26' LOUNGE/DINER, FITTED KITCHEN with APPLIANCES, GOOD SIZE BATHROOM with SHOWER, UTILITY ROOM housing WASHING MACHINE and TUMBLE DRYER. BENEFITS from..."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this beautifully presented 4 bedroom family home which has undergone a huge program of refurbishment and must be viewed to appreciate the quality of accommodation on offer. Offered with a 40' southerly facing rear garden, lounge, fabulous open plan kitchen/di..."
"An extended three bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated in a popular residential area yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, recreation grounds and the catchment for both Solent and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The accommodation is arrange..."
"TRULY SPECTACULAR SEA VIEWS are the irresistible and stunning focus of this purpose-built TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM 4th FLOOR APARTMENT which boasts the further assets of SECURE PARKING, lift service, sun balcony, replacement double-glazing, and gas central heating. A superb principal or secondary ho..."
"The accommodation is arranged over four floors and comprises; car port with large storage cupboard, cloakroom and 15´ kitchen/dining room on the ground floor, 19´ sitting room with balcony and bedroom on the first floor with two further bedrooms, the primary one having an en-suite showe..."
"A fantastic HMO investment opportunity which currently returns circa £41,000 per annum in Gross rental income. With individual room rates including all bills, the property currently returns circa 7% NET at the asking price (at full occupancy levels). Let to professional tenants ..."
"Found in the Sought after development Royal Marine Barracks, on a private estate and within a conservation area, moments away from the seafront and promenade, this beautifully presented modern property has a driveway and integral garage, and should certainly be of consideration for those looking ..."
We have the pleasure of bringing to the market this 3-bedroom house which is situated in the sought-after private estate of the Old Royal Marine Barracks which forms a part of a conservation area.
"Marina Life Homes are delighted to offer for sale this four Bedroom townhouse on the west side of Port Solent Marina. Situated in a quiet road with private drive, carport and visitor parking close by, this property offers views of the Portsmouth Harbour basin and Port Solent Marina, with a sunny ..."
"*****OPEN DAY BY APPOINTMENT ONLY 08/04/23 - ONWARD CHAIN COMPLETE ***** Bernards are thrilled to welcome to the market, this beautiful four bedroom semi-detached property, in the sought after location of Fortunes Way. The property is ideally located with city views across Portsmouth as ..."
"Situated within the heart of a popular residential location of Southsea, sits this spacious three bedroom family home, which enjoys an east facing garden. The property is located within walking distance of local restaurants and amenities, which can be found on the highly regarded Albert Road. The..."
Offering far more then meets the eye is this FIVE bedroom TOWNHOUSE on offer in one of Hampshire's most sought after PORTS.
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom detached house situated in the cul-de-sac location of Lendorber Avenue, Drayton. Set within close proximity to Court Lane school, the property could make for an ideal family home. The property boasts an entrance hall, two sepa..."
Beautiful family residence within the former Eastney barracks development. This Townhouse is for the growing or established family. An absolute must see property.
"**5 BEDROOM TOWNHOUSE** in the heart of Port Solent. Offering modern fitted kitchen, bathroom and en-suite, along with air conditioning, secure and lockable carport, driveway parking and enclosed rear garden. This property offers a great deal of accommodation in a sought after location. Early Vie..."
"Situated on the popular Farlington Hillslopes, this 3 Bedroom Semi-Detached House in Woodfield Avenue has a South Facing Garden and plenty of Off Road Parking. Located in the catchment for Springfield and Solent Schools, this family home is a great size with a modern kitchen, 18ft Lounge, plus..."
"Chain Free! A well presented Town house situated in central Southsea. Minutes from Albert Road and all it's daily amenities, bars and restaurants. Very good school and college catchment area."
"***MODERN TOWNHOUSE***THREE LARGE DOUBLE ROOMS***TWO ENSUITE***VIEWS ACROSS ST.JAMES'S PARK***CAR PARKING***360 VIRTUAL TOUR*** A spacious townhouse in an open Southsea location. Generous bedrooms, courtyard garden, views over the park, a convenient location with parking and small garage storage."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN - TOTALLY RE-DEVELOPED - TURNKEY PROPERTY We are delighted to bring to the open market Second Avenue. This semi-detached property has been totally redeveloped by the current owners to a high standard and now boasts, three floors, master bedroom with a beautiful en-suite on the t..."
"This stunning, well presented 3 bedroom end of terrace house is located in the sought after area of Havelock Road, Southsea. This would make an ideal home for families looking to upsize and be in a central location. Please call now to arrange a viewing or for more information."
"An extended, three-bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated in a popular residential location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, commutable road links, bus routes and within the catchment of both Solent and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The accommodati..."
"This well-appointed period home has been updated and improved in recent years by the current owner to now provide a comfortable home that would suit a family. With the benefit of a single garage at the rear of the property providing much requested off road parking, the property comprises; a super..."
***3 STOREY TOWN HOUSE***FANTASTIC MILTON LOCATION***3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS***PARKING FOR 2/3 CARS***LARGE KITCHEN DINER***GAMES ROOM***
"** IMPRESSIVE SEMI DETACHED HOUSE IN MILTON ** Situated in Crofton Road, this impressive semi detached house has been extended out and up to create a fabulous family residence to grow into for years to come. with exceptional size accommodation over three floors, you have an abundance of ..."
"We have the pleasure to welcome to the market this four-bedroom detached property in Drayton. Built in 2015 by Persimmon homes, this beautifully presented home really does have the wow factor boasting only one owner from new. The house boasts spacious living with the ground flo..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this 1950's built end of terrace house situated at the end of a small COURTYARD setting just a round the corner from the marina and LEISURE complex of Gunwharf Quays. Owned by the same family since new, the house is..."
"******Guide Price £475,000 - £500,000 ****** NO FORWARD CHAIN. Period character property situated in the heart of Southsea ripe for a new family to make there mark , surprisingly large garden , potential to extend (STPP) Garage and Off road parking. Clos..."
"A three-bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated in a popular residential area yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, recreation grounds and the catchment for both Solent and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The accommodation comprises; hallway, s..."
"******** STUNNING VIEW FROM THE BALCONY OVERLOOKING THE PARK!!! Guide price £460,000 - £470,000. Beautifully presented and spacious three bedroom town house located in a requested location in Milton. Close to locals schools, amenities and shops. The property comprises: Entr..."
"A three-bedroom, semi-detached family home which is situated in an elevated location backing onto Portsmouth Water Covered Reservoir at the rear, with views over roof tops towards the City of Portsmouth and Langstone Harbour to the front. The property is need of some modernisation, however compri..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN
We are delighted to bring to the open market this character property just a stones throw away from Southsea beach and all amenities. Currently a five bedroom HMO with scope for a sixth bedroom and additional shower room. The property boasts off road parking for two cars, five bed..."
"A detached bungalow which is situated in a popular residential location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, recreation grounds, commutable road links and within catchment of both Solent and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The property comprises, hallway,..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom detached house situated in Auriol Drive, Bedhampton. The property boasts a porch, entrance hall, two reception rooms, cloakroom and kitchen to the ground floor with three double bedrooms, separate WC and shower room to the first floor. Benefit..."
"A fully modernised and spacious 3 bedroom town house located on Fair Oak Road. Close to local amenities, pubs and a public field, this property is perfect for families and those looking to upsize in a quiet area, so please call us now to book your viewing."
"A detached family house located in the ever-popular Auriol Drive, within easy reach of great transport links, including the A27 along the south coast and the A3(M) to London. The house has 3 good bedrooms, 2 reception rooms, a well-proportioned rear garden, driveway parking and integral garage."
"Three bedroom Town House with parking and a long term tenant insitu. ** INVESTORS ONLY ** This Town House is a short walk from Portsmouth City Centre with a carport, off road parking and an enclosed paved garden to the rear, this town house is not one to be missed."
"We are proud to present to the market, this four bedroom semi-detached house situated in Old Manor Way, Drayton. Within the catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield schools, this family home consists of living room/ bedroom, open-plan kitchen/diner with downstairs WC, and three bedrooms and ..."
"Situated in the catchment for Solent and Springfield Schools is this Large and Extended 4 Bedroom Semi-Detached House with NO FORWARD CHAIN . With a West Facing Garden, Garage & Own Drive, 18ft x 13ft Kitchen, Master Bedroom with En-suite this fantastic family home also benefits from 2 R..."
"If you are looking for a well-presented and spacious family home, then you will not need to look any further!!!"
** PLOT 4 NOW AVAILABLE FOR VIEWING AND RESERVATION ** BRAND NEW DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** MODERN FULLY FITTED KITCHEN ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MASTER EN-SUITE ** STUDY & UTILITY ROOM ** DRIVEWAY PROVIDING TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES WITH EV CHARGER POINT ** CENTRAL...
"We are delighted to welcome to market this impressive four bedroom family home in the prestigious Amberley Road, Hilsea. First impressions mean everything and wow has this house got it!"
"We are pleased to offer for sale this 3 bedroom end of terrace family home, with garage, located within the sought after Military Road, Hilsea. The accommodation comprises 3 bedrooms, lounge, separate dining room, fitted kitchen, conservatory, ground floor WC and first floor bathroom. The propert..."
"This stunning four bedroom end of terrace house is a must see. Situated in a popular location within Southsea the property benefits from two reception rooms, open plan kitchen/dining area, downstairs shower room, upstairs bathroom with an additional toilet on the middle floor, well maintained rea..."
 ** PLOT 3 NOW AVAILABLE FOR VIEWING AND RESERVATION ** ** DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** MODERN FITTED KITCEN ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MASTER EN-SUITE ** STUDY & UTILITY ROOM ** TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES WITH EV CHARGER POINT ** CENTRAL DRAYTON LOCATION ** 10 YEAR WARRA...
"Outstanding three bedroom PENTHOUSE apartment situated on the top floor of this requested, security gated residential apartment complex located in the heart of Old Portsmouth just around the corner from the cosmopolitan MARINA complex at Gunwharf Quays and Wight Link Ferry terminal while the loca..."
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** PART EXCHANGE OPTION CONSIDERED ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this OUTSTANDING single bay and forecourt family home situated within the Campbell Road CONSERVATION area close to the popular Albert Road district of Southsea with its eclectic range ...
"***Complete onward chain*** A modernised four-bedroom doubly extended home which comprises; hallway, sitting room, open plan 18´ kitchen / dining room and cloakroom on the ground floor with four bedrooms and a shower room on the first floor. Being situated in a popular residential location y..."
"***EXCLUSIVE NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT! ONLY FOUR PROPERTIES! PRIVATE MEWS!*** We are thrilled to welcome to the sales market, this beautiful three bedroom new build property, situated on Merrion Close, a newly created mews in Drayton within a five minute walk of the Havant Road in Drayton"
"Offered with a GARAGE and off road parking, is this beautifully presented three bedroom double fronted end of terrace house. Benefitting from a bay and forecourt, with a low maintenance south facing rear garden. Centrally located in Southsea close to local schools, amenities & train station."
"A SIX BEDROOM HMO BENEFITTING FROM AN ESTABLISHED RENTAL HISTORY BOASTING C3/C4 PLANNING USE. LET FOR THE NEXT YEAR (STARTING THE 1st OF AGUST) ON A 12 MONTH TENANCY AT £3,389 PER CALENDAR MONTH, THIS PROPERTY IN NOT TO BE MISSED! Returning circa 9% gross on investment at the as..."
A very rare opportunity to own a semi-detached bungalow in this desirable cul-de-sac in Drayton. Please call the office to view today as this beautiful bungalow will not be around for long!
"Jeffries and Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom detached bungalow situated in the sought after location of South Road, Drayton. Offered with no forward chain, this property boasts an approx. 73' rear garden, own driveway and garage, conservatory, a four piece bathroom suit..."
Beals are delighted to bring to market this beautifully renovated and spacious six bedroom house in Oriel Road North End.
"Offered for sale with NO FOWARD CHAIN, this Gorgeous 5/6 Double Bedroom House has been lovingly modernised to a high standard by the current owners. With a beautiful 24ft Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Master Bedroom with En-suite plus 3 additional Shower Rooms, Contemporary Decor, Double Glazing and..."
"A wonderful character town house located in central Southsea, boasting a garage and off road parking. Offered with no forward chain. Guide Price £450,000 - £475,000"
** PLOT 3 NOW AVAILABLE FOR VIEWING AND RESERVATION ** ** BRAND NEW DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** MODERN FULLY FITTED KITCEN ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MASTER EN-SUITE ** STUDY & UTILITY ROOM ** TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES WITH EV CHARGER POINT ** CENTRAL DRAYTON LOCATION...
"A three bedroom, detached bungalow with private tarmac driveway leading to garage, enclosed rear garden and side pedestrian access, the bungalow is within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, surgeries, recreation grounds and withing the catchment of both Court Lane and Springfiel..."
"Situated towards the popular Eastern end of Locksway Road, close by to the waters edge and overlooking the local playing fields is this double bay terraced home with the super added benefits of garaging and outbuilding/summer house. With accommodation set over 3 floors this substantial home enj..."
This three bedroom semi-detached house is beautifully presented and spacious throughout. The property benefits from a driveway and garage and is nestled in an extremely popular location. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappointment.
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this IMPRESSIVE 'corner' apartment situated on the first floor of Blake House which is located close to the harbours edge and marina. Gunwharf Quays hosts many cafes, restaurants and bars together with numerous ..."
***LAST COUPLE OF APPARTMENTS LEFT*** HMP Kingston was built in 1877 and has had a varied history. In 1965 capital punishment for was abolished and Kingston began exclusively holding inmates serving life sentences. Kingston Prison became the only prison in England and Wales to hav...
** PLOT 4 NOW AVAILABLE FOR VIEWING AND RESERVATION ** ** DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** MODERN FITTED KITCEN ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MASTER EN-SUITE ** STUDY & UTILITY ROOM ** TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES WITH EV CHARGER POINT ** CENTRAL DRAYTON LOCATION ** 10 YEAR WARRAN...
Rarely available Three bedroom family home located within in this much sought after location.Having the benefit of a shared driveway and large garage.
"OFF ROAD PARKING FOR THREE/FOUR VEHICLES! We are delighted to offer for sale this luxurious, three bedroom semi-detached residence located in Mark Close, Hilsea. With attention to detail and appealing features, this property offers a selection of benefits. Accommodation comprises a 19ft living ro..."
"Rarely will you see such a well-appointed apartment with direct views across The Camber, the historic inner harbour of Portsmouth. This impressive first-floor apartment is set within the Old Portsmouth conservation area which is steeped in history, with some of the oldest buildings in the city, i..."
"This WONDERFUL property situated in the heart of Southsea. The property benefits from four bedrooms, allocated parking and no forward chain. Viewings are highly recommended to avoid disappointment. Call the team to book your viewing today. EPC Grade C Council Tax Band E"
"IDEAL FAMILY HOME IN POPULAR BAFFINS LOCATION: WALKING DISTANCE TO BAFFINS POND AND A RANGE OF SHOPS AND CAFE'S: GARAGE: Four bedroom end of terraced house in the popular location of Baffins, within walking distance to Langstone Infant School and Langstone Junior School this property ..."
"Beautifully presented and spacious is this four bedroom double bay fronted family home located in Cedar Grove. This property is offered with no onward chain and a GARAGE !. The property comprises: Entrance hallway, lounge, open plan kitchen/dining room, Sun room/Family room at the rear and downs..."
"This substantial and well presented semi-detached residence located in Gatcombe Avenue, Copnor is available for sale with Jeffries & Dibbens of Portsmouth. This property boasts five bedrooms over two floors in addition to a modern family bathroom to the first floor and an en-suite shower room..."
"An extended, four bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated in popular residential cul-de-sac location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, commutable road links, recreation grounds and catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (subject to confirma..."
"A recently updated and redecorated, three bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated in a popular residential location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, commutable road and rail links and the catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (subject to ..."
"Take advantage of the flexible space this home has to offer. Through the front door you're welcome by a handy ground floor study followed by a spacious open-plan kitchen, dining and family area with French doors that lead out to your garden. Up the first flight of stairs you'll discover a comfort..."
"***EXCLUSIVE NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT! ONLY FOUR PROPERTIES! PRIVATE MEWS!*** We are thrilled to welcome to the sales market, this beautiful three bedroom new build property, situated on Merrion Close, a newly created mews in Drayton within a five minute walk of the Havant Road in Dray..."
"SUBSTANTIAL FIVE BEDROOM HOUSE! We are delighted to offer for sale this comprehensive, five bedroom semi-detached residence in Elmwood Road, Hilsea. Situated in the popular 'Wood' estate, this property offers a selection of benefits including a shared driveway and potential for off road parking a..."
** BRAND NEW DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** MODERN FULLY FITTED KITCEN ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MASTER EN-SUITE ** STUDY & UTILITY ROOM ** TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES WITH EV CHARGER POINT ** CENTRAL DRAYTON LOCATION ** 10 YEAR WARRANTY ** Vieiwng is strongly recommended...
***STUNNING EXTENDED HOME***BIFOLD DOORS***OFF ROAD PARKING***KITCHEN DINER***SOUTH FACING GARDEN***
"Landlord to Landlord Crossover Sale / Buy To Let Opportunity - This period semi detached house has in years gone by been converted into three self contained units. The building offers two self contained - One bed apartments and one, three bed split level maisonette apartment. Current rental inco..."
"A detached, three bedroom bungalow which is situated in a popular, elevated location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, commutable road links, recreation grounds and within the catchment for both Solent and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The property ..."
"An impressive first floor maisonette situated in Craneswater Avenue, one of the Southsea's most prestigious sought-after locations. Offered with a share of the freehold, this sizable home has accommodation set over three floors. Upon entering, a return staircase takes you to a spacious landin..."
 ** PLOT 2 NOW AVAILABLE FOR VIEWING AND RESERVATION ** ** DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** MODERN FITTED KITCEN ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MASTER EN-SUITE ** STUDY & UTILITY ROOM ** TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES WITH EV CHARGER POINT ** CENTRAL DRAYTON LOCATION ** 10 YEAR WARRA...
"STUNNING EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM HOME WITH DOUBLE GARAGE! A beautiful extended, extensively renovated bay and forecourt home located along Meon Road, Southsea. Found within close proximity to an array of local amenities, the property is sure to catch the eye of those looking for a family home with..."
**TOP FLOOR DUPLEX PENTHOUSE APARTMENT**THREE BEDROOMS**PANORAMIC VIEWS OF THE SOLENT AND ISLE OF WIGHT BEYOND**ALLOCATED PARKING SPACE**BALCONIES FROM MASTER BEDROOM AND LOUNGE**ENSUITE SHOWER ROOM TO MASTER BEDROOM**KITCHEN PLUS ELEVATED DINING AREA**VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED VIA BUSHNELL PORTER*
"Situated opposite the attractive Alexandra Park, this 4 Bedroom House on Northern Parade has the rare benefit of a GARAGE. Offered for sale with No Forward Chain, the property requires updating, but is a fantastic size with 3 Reception rooms, good size rear garden, 3 Double Bedrooms and 1 Sing..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this 3 bedroom semi detached home with garage and off road parking. Located in the extremely convenient area close to amenities and a just a short walk to Southsea Seafront, Southsea Common, Palmerston Road Shopping Precinct, Albert Road, Gunwharf Quays and severa..."
"TWO BEDROOM END OF TERRACE HOUSE IN CENTRAL SOUTHSEA! Perfectly situated for both bus & train transport links, and within walking distance of Fratton train station and all of the amenities of Albert Road. This end of terrace home comprises two double bedrooms, a fitted upstairs bathroom, 14ft..."
"**OFF STREET PARKING & GARAGE** We are honoured to welcome to the market this stunning four bedroom end of terrace in the highly sought after location of Cosham, Portsmouth."
"Grand Storehouse (later named the Vulcan Building) was the principal structure on the New Gun Wharf, built 1811-14. Its north wing and clock tower were both destroyed in the Blitz and only reinstated as part of the Gunwharf Quays reconstruction. This unique apartment captures brilliantly the hist..."
"A three-storey townhouse which is situated in a popular residential, estate location yet within easy access of local commutable road links, shopping amenities, recreation grounds and within the catchment for Admiral Lord Nelson School (subject to confirmation). The accommodation is arranged over ..."
"We are delighted to bring you this well presented, modern 5 bed family home with a smartly converted summer house with bar, located in the highly sought after area of Drayton in this peaceful cul-de-sac in easy reach of OFSTED Good school & local amenities."
"***FIVE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED ON LOWER DRAYTON LANE*** We are delighted to introduce to the market, this substantial five bedroom semi-detached, property in the heart of the highly sought after area of Lower Drayton Lane. This property has space in abundance across three floor..."
We are pleased to offer for sale this excellent INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY located on Britannia Road North within a short walk to Fratton railway station and all local amenities. Divided into two separate SELF CONTAINED APARTMENTS under the one freehold dwelling with both currently under annual AST a...
"We are thrilled to welcome to the sales market, this spacious four bedroom semi-detached property within a quiet mews in Farlington The nestled in the corner of a mews-style cul-de-sac and hence offers both privacy and quiet surroundings. The front of the property sees two parking spaces..."
Your Move are delighted to bring this superbly proportioned property in a highly desirable road in Southsea to the sales market. Viewings highly recommend to appreciate the size of this property.
"This semi-detached, double bay and forecourt property offers ample accommodation for a growing family in a popular residential location with easy access in and out of the city. The shared driveway provides highly requested vehicular access into a double length garage and access into the south fac..."
This 1950's semi-detached house is situated in a desirable area overlooking fields at the rear. A beautifully presented home for someone to enjoy and make it their home for many years to come. Viewing highly recommended as it will not disappoint!
"TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH GARAGE & NO FORWARD CHAIN! Situated in Old Portsmouth along a cobbled street and opposite the historic Royal Garrison Church, is this first floor apartment in Old Harbour Mews, Penny Street. Constructed circa. 2001 the complex features a gated entrance, lift access ..."
"This exceptional three-bedroom apartment is situated on the top floor of this attractive period building which stands prominently on Clarence Parade. Offering far-reaching views of Southsea seafront, The Solent and Isle of Wight, and in the other direction views across the rooftops of Portsmouth ..."
"We are delighted to bring to market this FOUR BEDROOM EXTENDED FAMILY HOME, situated in a popular road convenient for local shops and bus routes, with motorway links and station close by too. The property has been very well maintained by the current owners, benefiting from a 'Schrijver Damp ..."
***HEART OF SOUTHSEA***THREE RECEPTIONS***THREE BEDROOMS***UPGRADE OPPORTUNITY***ORIGINAL FEATURES***VIRTUAL TOUR*** A not-available-often opportunity to refurbish a delightful terraced property in Southsea with functioning kitchen and bathroom. Definitely worth a look for a keen DIYer.
Well presented and SPACIOUS 2 double bedroom first floor apartment in the sought after location in Arethusa House in Gunwharf Quays. The apartment is beautifully presented throughout comprising of large living area including dual aspect windows with double doors to modern fitted kitc...
***FIVE DOUBLE ROOMS***STUNNING COMTEMPORARY INTERIOR***BIFOLD DOORS TO GARDEN***OPEN PLAN GROUND FLOOR***360 TOUR*** Beautiful contemporary interior to this substantial five bed home. Fabulous kitchen with bi-fold doors to a garden perfect for entertaining. A property not to be missed.
Look at this stunning town house in a very popular location. Flexible accommodation throughout for the modern growing or established family. Transport links in and out of the area are very good.
"***GARAGE & OFF ROAD PARKING!*** Deceptively spacious & extended, double bay fronted THREE BEDROOM end of terrace character family home situated in the ever popular location of Lonsdale Avenue offered with GARAGE & DRIVEWAY! Well presented throughout, the spacious accommodation compri..."
"The Moresby is a three bedroom home with a bright and airy lounge and a modern kitchen with dining space and French doors to the garden. Downstairs, there's also a cloakroom and a handy storage space in the hallway. Upstairs, you'll find the main bedroom with en suite, one further double bedroom..."
" ***PURCHASER INCENTIVE AVAILABLE ON THIS PROPERTY - CALL FOR FURTHER DETAILS*** Located in the highly sought-after Arethusa House, Gunwharf Quays is an immaculately presented, first floor apartment boasting views across the Harbour and Old Portsmouth. Offered with no forward cha..."
"Walk outside this terraced house and be on Albert Road and minutes on foot or bicycle to Southsea seafront and beach. Sunny aspect rear garden to enjoy in those warmer months. Excellent transport links in and out of the area, also on the main line train line in all directions."
Offered with no forward chain! Beals are delighted to welcome this stunning semi detached family in home in the popular location of Chatsworth Avenue. the property has ample living space with off road parking and a garage to the side. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappointment.
***BEAUTIFUL THREE BEDROOM END-OF-TERRACE*** We are delighted to welcome to the sales market this beautiful three bedroom end-of-terrace property on the highly desired Locksway Road in Eastney The size and finish on offer must be seen on this property as it provides excellent sp...
"We are delighted to offer for sale this beautiful detached family home, situated on Merrion Close, a newly created mews in Drayton within a five minute walk of the Havant Road in Drayton Externally, this property enjoys prominence as one of only four on a private road, allowing for enhanced p..."
** FIVE BEDROOM HOUSE WITH GARAGE TO REAR ** We are pleased to welcome to market this stunning five bedroom family home in the heart of Portsmouth.
"Jeffries and Dibbens offer to the market this three bedroom semi-detached house situated in the hillslope location of Woodfield Avenue, Farlington. The property boasts two separate reception rooms, kitchen, conservatory and WC to the ground floor with three bedrooms and a bathroom to the first fl..."
** PLOT 1 NOW AVAILABLE FOR VIEWING AND RESERVATION ** ** DETACHED FAMILY HOME ** OPEN PLAN LIVING ** MODERN FITTED KITCEN ** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** MASTER EN-SUITE ** STUDY & UTILITY ROOM ** TWO ALLOCATED PARKING SPACES WITH EV CHARGER POINT ** CENTRAL DRAYTON LOCATION ** 10 YEAR WARRAN...
Brand new to the market situated on a corner plot with massive potential to extend further or development opportunities we are delighted to welcome this three bedroom semi detached home with far more then meets the eye.
"***INVESTORS ONLY - TENANTS IN SITU PAYING £1,600 PER MONTH*** Beautifully presented & stunning THREE BEDROOM LINK DETACHED HOUSE with courtyard garden situated in the highly sought after location of Marmion Road, Southsea offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! This incredibly unique & moder..."
"This three bedroom home has a light and spacious ground floor with an open-plan kitchen, dining and family area with French doors opening onto the garden. On the ground floor there is also a cloakroom, storage cupboard and space for a home office. On the first floor you'll find the main bedroom w..."
"This deceptively large terraced property has been extended into the roof space to provide four bedrooms and offers a wealth of period features, high ceilings and a neutral decor throughout. The spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, two reception rooms with tall period folding doors sep..."
"***THREE BEDROOMS 1930'S PROPERTY IN DRAYTON WITH A GARAGE*** We are delighted to introduce to the sales market, this spacious three bedroom, mid terrace property, in the highly sought after location of Dysart Avenue, Drayton. This wonderfully spacious property would make a fan..."
"A well presented three bedroom, double bay and forecourt semi-detached home which is situated in a popular residential location and is within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, commutable road links and within catchment of local schools (subject to confirmation). The accommodati..."
"***EXCLUSIVE NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT! ONLY FOUR PROPERTIES! PRIVATE MEWS!*** ***Guide price £400,000- £425,000*** We are thrilled to welcome to the sales market, this beautiful three bedroom new build property, situated on Merrion Close, a newly created mews in Drayton within a fi..."
"SPECTACULAR and almost unrivalled MARITIME VIEWS are the notable feature of this well-appointed and attractively presented purpose-built TWO BEDROOM TOP (3rd) FLOOR APARTMENT (please note, no lift) just yards from the harbour's edge. 
"
"** SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE ** BEAUTIFUL FAMILY HOME ** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** We are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented, semi-detached home in the highly sought after location of Salcombe Avenue, Baffins. This property would be perfect for those looking to upsize and take th..."
"An extended four bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated within close proximity of local shops, bus routes, surgeries, commutable road links and within the catchment of both Solent and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The accommodation is arranged over three floors and ..."
"Discover the flexibility of three storey living. The Kingsville is a stylish 3 bedroom home, filled with natural light and space. Downstairs you will find an open plan kitchen and dining area, a storage cupboard and a study, perfect if you work from home. On the first floor discover the main bedr..."
"Offered with no forward chain! We are delighted to welcome to market this three-bedroom mid terrace house in a central location close to Southsea Seafront and local shops and amenities. The property boasts three reception rooms, downstairs WC, upstairs bathroom and low maintenance rear garden. Th..."
"LOCATED ONE STREET BACK FROM THE SEAFRONT, THIS SUBSTANTIAL PROPERTY HAS BEEN USED AS AN HMO IN RECENT YEARS, HOWEVER DUE TO THE FANTASTIC LOCATION AND AMPLE ACCOMODATION WE FEEL WOULD EQUALLY SUITE AN OWNER/OCCUPIER. Boasting three ground floor reception rooms, along with the kitchen, u..."
"This stylish modern home could be the ideal 3-bedroom link detached property that could suit many buyers. Combined with its great location being so close to the waterfront, just a short stroll away with views of Spinnaker Tower & Portchester Castle"
"Lawson Rose are delighted to offer for sale this double bay and forecourt property located in arguably one of Southsea's premier addresses, Canterbury Road. Well-presented throughout, the accommodation offers a spacious open living room, plus an stunning extended kitchen/ dining area with Vel..."
"3 bedroom townhouse located in the heart of Port Solent Marina. Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac with private drive, carport and ample visitor parking close by, this property represents excellent value for money for someone looking to experience the lifestyle that is Port Solent. A viewing is highl..."
"A bright and spacious home cleverly designed around busy modern living. You open-plan kitchen/dining room is ideal for enjoying time with friends and family as double doors from here open onto your rear garden. For cosy nights in, the lounge is ideal whilst still being roomy enough to fit everyon..."
"***FOUR BEDROOMS***LARGE LOFT ROOM WITH EN-SUITE***EXTENDED DOWNSTAIRS***MODERN KITCHEN AND FAMILY BATHROOM***DOUBLE GARAGE***360 TOUR Lovely four bedroomed house with plenty of living space. Modern kitchen, bathroom and super loft extension. Also benefits from a double garage."
"Leaders would like to welcome to the market this THREE BEDROOM mid-terrace house offered for sale with VACANT POSSESSION & NO ONWARD CHAIN. This property has been completely refurbished and modernised with a high-end flux. Situated in a desirable and requested tree lined road, popular for bei..."
"This three bedroom home boasts an open-plan kitchen and dining area with French doors leading to the garden. A spacious lounge perfect for relaxing and a downstairs W/C complete the first floor.
Upstairs, discover two double bedrooms, the main with an en suite, a further single bedroom and a fami..."
"Offered with no forward chain! Beal's are delighted to welcome to market this stunning and recently renovated bay and forecourt mid-terrace house in a brilliant location. The property benefits from two reception rooms. modern fitted kitchen, modern downstairs bathroom and a sun room leading to a ..."
"We are delighted to offer to the market, with NO FORWARD CHAIN, this LIGHT & SPACIOUS two bedroom APARTMENT located on the second floor with PANORAMIC VIEWS across OLD PORTSMOUTH, Isle of Wight and THE CAMBER. There is a spacious entrance hall with FITTED CUPBOARDS offering plenty of storage,..."
"Rarely available opportunity to purchase a two bedroom penthouse apartment in Grade II listed building, with large roof terrace, offering amazing panoramic views of Southsea seafront and surround, with the added benefit of an allocated parking space in secure car park. Viewing essential. NO ONW..."
We are pleased to offer for sale this modern style end of terrace TOWNHOUSE centrally located within the Owens CONSERVATION AREA just a stroll to both Elm Grove and Palmerston Road shopping facilities. The house is arranged over three floors and features ample provision for parking with spaces to...
We are pleased to welcome to the market this immaculate three bedroom home with garage to the rear in the popular Baffins location of Wallisdean Avenue. The property has been modernised to a high standard throughout the owners 16 year tenure. It has been extended to the rear and undergo...
"A three-bedroom end of terrace family home which is situated in a popular residential area yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, recreation grounds and the catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The property is offered in excelle..."
**PURCHASER INCENTIVE ON THIS PROPERTY - PLEASE CALL FOR FURTHER DETAILS** An immaculately presented three bedroom family home in this popular location with a spacious enclosed rear garden & front driveway. The ground floor accommodation centres on a light & airy kitchen/din...
A lovely terraced house ready to move straight into. Incorporating original features with a modern twist! Located in a central location of Southsea close to all daily amenities. Being sold with no onward chain.
"GARAGE & VIEWS TOWARDS TANGIER PARK! We are delighted to bring to the market this three bedroom, double bay & forecourt property located in Tangier Road, Baffins. Offered with no forward chain, the spacious accommodation comprises an impressive 36ft lounge/diner, a fitted kitchen and a WC..."
"Beautifully presented and located in a requested location is this three bedroom end of terrace house with a GARAGE !. The vendor is suited so quick sale is required. The property comprises: Entrance hallway, Living room with bay window to the front, Dining room open plan to modern fitted kitchen..."
"+++++NO FORWARD CHAIN+++++
We are delighted to bring to the open market this family home in the sought after location of Drayton. The property offers an open plan kitchen, reception, cloakroom, utility, three bedrooms, bathroom and a fantastic entertainment garden including a summer house, puttin..."
"***MODERN KITCHEN***LARGE FAMILY DINING ROOM***THREE BEDROOMS***LOFT ROOM***DOUBLE GARAGE***SOUTH FACING GARDEN***360 TOUR A lovely family house with modern kitchen and bathroom, three bedrooms and a loft room. Courtyard style south facing garden and double garage with vehicular access."
Located with in the immediate vicinity of the Albert Road shopping and entertainment area of central Southsea and beyond with in a short walk the Canoe Lake recreation area on the seafront. The house has undergone a programme of refurbishment and redecoration by the present owner blending period ...
"A recently built semi-detached three-bedroom family home which is situated within the new Harbour Place, Barratt Homes development on the former Strawberry Fields in West Bedhampton. The property is accessed via a symmetrical frontage with a central front door and windows to either side, this lea..."
A two bedroom two reception room ground floor seafront apartment with views across communal gardens towards Eastern Parade Tennis Courts. The property has the benefit of an allocated garage in block.
"This substantial double bay & forecourt has been extended & modernised throughout and could make for an ideal family home. Located on Baffins Road, the spacious interior provides an open plan living space with a stylish kitchen/ breakfast room, complete with skylight and bi-folding doors ..."
"A stunning terraced family home, completely refurbished throughout and situated in the heart of Baffins. Offered with no onward chain, this really is a must see!"
"Situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location lies this well presented four bedroom end-of-terrace town house. The property boasts fantastic living space for a family, two allocated parking spaces and over looks the green to the front. Arrange a viewing today to avoid missing out."
"FOUR BEDROOM TOWN-HOUSE WITH OFF ROAD PARKING! A wonderful opportunity to purchase this four bedroom town-house found within a rarely available spot in Southsea. Hester Road is well positioned for access to local shops, several well regarded schools, transport links, the seafront and of course th..."
"This well presented terraced property on Hellyer Road is now available to view with Lawson Rose. Found in a popular pocket of Southsea, the property provides an open plan living space with a downstairs W.C and a modern extended kitchen/ breakfast room that overlooks the enclosed well kept rear ga..."
This Copnor home has everything that a growing family could want. The owners have transformed a once tired house in to a warm and spacious home.
Stunning views from your very own roof garden! Two bedrooms and allocated parking.
"We are pleased to offer for sale this SUPERB ground floor Duplex apartment located within the Vulcan Building, which was Built circa 1812, The Vulcan Building was originally known as the Grand Store House and was one of the largest stores in Britain built by the Board of Ordnance in Old Gunwharf...."
** OFFERED CHAIN FREE ** We are delighted to offer this impressive three bedroom property in the highly sought after area of Milton. The property has been let in recent times so is offered without forward chain. This property itself boasts an impressive exterior from the outset...
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this OUTSTANDING split-level apartment situated on the first floor of this former school building close to the FASHIONABLE Albert Road district of Southsea and only a short walk to the main shopping precinct at Palmerst...
A very well proportioned family home in Baffins. There is currently a small hard standing with potential to extend this. A must view home.
We are pleased to welcome to the market this exceptional three bedroom extended semi detached chalet bungalow with off road parking for three cars and garage to the rear in the popular location of Portsdown Road. This property boasts a rear extension with large skylight and sliding door...
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this fabulous example of a large family home in an extremely popular sought after area - BAFFINS. A simple hop across the road takes you to Tamworth Park with lots of space for children to run around, grown ups to chill. out after a busy day at w..."
"**BRAND NEW DEVELOPMENT** A stunning three bedroom semi-detached home, with a garden and parking, in the newly developed Harbour Place, Havant, finished to a high standard. Offering a lovely lounge and kitchen/diner to the ground floor with three bedrooms, en-suite and family bathroom upstairs,"
*** FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** We are delighted to offer to the market this great investment opportunity for those looking to buy their first buy to let or add to their portfolio!
"Three bedroom house in a sought after location with extended open plan kitchen/diner, separate lounge, three bedrooms and a modern bathroom. The property has No Forward Chain and a viewing is recommended. Book viewings 24/7 online. This well maintained home has been extended to the rear and a li..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom home situated in the central Drayton location of Grove Road. Set within the catchment for both Court Lane and Springfield schools, the property boasts a 28'2 lounge / diner, 14'8 kitchen, conservatory and WC to the ground floor, three bedrooms ..."
"FREEHOLD INVESTMENT! An opportunity to purchase this freehold building which is located along Clarendon Road, Southsea. Situated within close proximity to the Seafront, Albert Road and Palmerston Road shopping areas and Canoe Lake. Currently arranged as two HMO properties (one 4 bedroom maisonet..."
"** WONDERFUL FAMILY HOME AT BOTTOM OF POPULAR CUL-DE-SAC ** This exceptional semi-detached home sitting at the end of this lovely family friendly cul-de-sac is a joy to behold. Offering great space, ample parking and a wonderful outlook, this lovely home will make you the envy of many."
"The Ellerton is a beautiful 3 bedroom home ideal for modern family living. On the ground floor your will find a large open plan kitchen/diner with french doors leading out to the garden. Also featured is a spacious lounge for all of the family to relax in.
Upstairs you'll find the impressive main..."
"*** BEAUTIFUL FOUR BEDROOM PROPERTY WITH LOFT ROOM CONVERSION AND ENSUITE *** We are delighted to introduce to the sales market, this spacious four bedroom property in the highly sought after location of Ophir Road. This wonderfully spacious property would make a fantastic famil..."
"Situated on the popular Highbury estate is this well presented, larger style three bedroom end of terrace house. This property would make an ideal family home, benefitting from an en-suite, garage and driveway. Located within walking distance to local schools, train station and Cosham high street."
"Fantastic four bedroom bay fronted terraced house located in the popular location of Rosebery Avenue. The spacious accommodation is spread over three floors, the ground floor of the property boasts a lounge, open plan kitchen / dining room, conservatory and shower room. The first floor has three..."
"ANCHORAGE PARK LOCATION: NEWLY FITTED MODERN KITCHEN WITHIN THE LAST 8 MONTHS: GARAGE AND OFF ROAD PARKING: ADMIRAL LORD NELSON SCHOOL CATCHMENT: COMPLETE ONWARD CHAIN: Four bedroom house in popular Anchorage Park location, situated within Admiral Lord Nelson School Catchment and just ..."
"A beautifully renovated and spacious three double bedroom period house, retaining many original character features, including high ceilings, bay windows, stripped wooden floors, ceiling roses and open fireplaces."
"***SEMI-DETACHED- GARAGE & DRIVEWAY - THREE BEDROOMS*** We are delighted to welcome to the market this wonderful family home, located in the highly sought after location of Rosebery Avenue Cosham, in walking distance of Cosham Shopping Parade, Train Station and QA Hospital. The ..."
IMPRESSIVE STUNNING EXTENDED THREE BEDROOM HOME IN THE POPULAR HEWETT ROAD NORTH END. Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the. market this large extended house complete with fully equipped home office/gym/storage to the end of the garden. Arriving at the property its location to the school a...
"CENTRAL SOUTHSEA LOCATION, TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH OFF ROAD PARKING! A stunning and unique maisonette offering style and space without compromise. Situated in the prime Southsea location of Marmion Road, with Waitrose, Palmerston Road shopping precinct, all the leisure facilities of the seafro..."
 An impressive three bedroom property in the highly sought after area of Milton with the added benefit of having off-road parking. The property has been let in recent times so is offered with No Forward Chain! This property is approached by an impressive block paved drive and pathway leading...
"FIVE BEDROOMS AND SOUTH-FACING GARDEN! We are pleased to offer for sale this five bedroom, semi-detached property located in the desirable Madeira Road, North End. Complete with original features, this new addition to the sales market offers alluring benefits and makes an excellent family home to..."
Completely refurbished Three bedroom family home with double garage.
"We are delighted to welcome to market this south facing three double bedroom first floor apartment with a share of the freehold, garage with mezzanine and mature communal gardens to the front and rear. The exterior of the property has recently been redecorated as well as the interior and benefits..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN Days Estates Southsea Ltd, are delighted to welcome to the market this three double bedroom end of terrace house in the much sought after Northern Parade. The property is being offered with no forward chain, and boasts a new fitted open plan kitchen, modern bathroom , be-spok..."
"***REFURBISHED HOME IN BAFFINS WITH A GARAGE*** We are delighted to introduce to the market this stunning three bedroom home in the highly location of Stride Avenue, Baffins. Offered chain free, the current owners have tastefully transformed this property into something quite special."
"Located with in the requested residential Cranswater district of Southsea Seafront, this purpose built 1950's two storey apartment building is of traditional construction with brick elevations under a tiled pitched roof. Flat 2 commands the entire left hand side of the first floor and comprises t..."
"***THREE BEDROOM SEMI IN OVERLOOKING DRAYTON PARK*** We are delighted to the sales market, this beautiful three bedroom, semi-detached property in the highly sought after location of Lower Drayton Lane, Drayton. This wonderful property would make an ideal purchase for families ..."
"THREE BEDROOM HOME IN SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION! New to the market is this well-presented family home located in arguably one of Southsea's most requested locations Collins Road, Southsea, part of the highly desirable 'Eastney Village' district. The accommodation on offer comprises; three bedrooms, a..."
"This three-bedroom terraced property is located in the highly desirable Eastney Farm road is being offered with no forward chain! Situated moments away from Bransbury Park and Eastney seafront, we believe this well-presented property could make for an ideal family home has offers a wealth of appe..."
"This well presented three bedroom semi-detached house is a must see nestled in the north of the city in a popular location. The property boasts potential for off road parking to the front, open plan kitchen/diner with utility space, separate lounge, landscaped rear garden with multi purpose outho..."
"Lawson Rose are delighted to bring to the market this three storey town house located in the desirable waterside development with marina views, access to bars, restaurants, cinema complex and David Lloyd Gym, Port Solent. Situated on Newlyn Way, the property has a wealth of benefits including off..."
This well-loved family home in Fordingbridge Road is moments away from Bransbury Park and not too far from the Seafront attractions. The property benefits from an array of appealing features and should well be considered for those looking to move into the area. Upon entering the property off the ...
"RE-AVAILABLE 10/01/2023. We are pleased to offer for sale this 3 bedroom family home with period features and offered with no forward chain. The accommodation comprises 3 bedrooms, lounge with folding doors to dining room which allows a large open space or 2 separate receptions. Good size kitchen..."
"Marina Life Homes are delighted to offer for sale this Two Bedroom modern Apartment in Oyster Quay with 11 Metre Mooring. The property has two bathrooms, balcony and includes a residents only Leisure Facility including a gym, pool, hot tub and sauna."
"Internal viewing is highly recommended for this semi-detached House in Cosham, convenient to local schools, shops, QA hospital, road and rail links for commuting and rural walks. Downstairs benefits from having solid oak strip wood flooring and has UPVC Bi-fold doors leading out from the Lounge/d..."
"This lovely 3 bedroom semi detached home has been upgraded by the current owners and is situated along London Road, close to Cosham High Street shops, QA Hospital and local schools. Set back from the road, there is a driveway providing off street parking for 2 cars plus a garage. The lawned ..."
"Situated on the popular Farlington hillslopes is this deceptive 4/5 bedroom semi-detached town house. Offering versatile living accommodation benefiting from a driveway, south facing garden, four piece family bathroom & downstairs W.C. Located within the catchment for Springfield & Solent Schools."
"Warspite Close Location !! Days Estates Southsea are delighted to welcome to the market this three bedroom semi-detached modern house in the very popular location of Warspite Close, Hilsea, Portsmouth. The ground floor comprises of a Lounge with window shutters, that flows through to the moder..."
"** GARAGE & OFF ROAD PARKING ** POTENTIAL NO ONWARD CHAIN ** we are pleased to bring to the sales market this mid terraced, spacious family home situated along the popular location of Stanley Avenue, Baffins. To the front of the house you benefit from a double bay and forecourt with rec..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to present to the market this spacious corner plot property situated in the popular location of Highbury Grove, Cosham. This property which has been recently decorated throughout boasts a large lounge, dining room, kitchen and lean to with a WC and storage cupbo..."
"A FANTASTIC, ONE BEDROOM retirement apartment with SEA VIEWS and a BALCONY. Situated ON THE SEA FRONT."
"
We are delighted to bring to the open market this lovely semi-detached home in the sought after location of Drayton. The property offers two double bedrooms, a beautiful family bathroom, 19'8 reception room, kitchen (6 years old), utility/boot room, large rear garden and a blocked pave drive for..."
"***THREE BEDROOMS + SOUTH-FACING GARDEN + PARKING FOR THREE VEHICLES*** We are delighted to introduce to the sales market, this beautiful three bedroom semi-detached property in the highly sought after Old manor way. This wonderfully spacious property would make a fantastic fami..."
"Morris Dibben are extremely proud to showcase this beautiful three bedroom home. Located in a peaceful location only a stone's throw from all that Portsmouth has to offer, this property boasts scenic views over The Solent and Eastney Marina. As you approach the property you are greeted..."
***FOUR BED TOWNHOUSE***TWO ENSUITES***MODERN KITCHEN DINER***OFF ROAD PARKING AND GARAGE***ALNS CATCHMENT***360 TOUR***
This exceptional three-bedroom duplex apartment is situated on the top floor of this beautiful ornate building which was converted from a former school and stands prominently on the corner of Victoria Road South and Hereford Road. The apartment itself offers high quality fittings and modern fixtu...
"**VIEW OUR 360 VIRTUAL TOUR** We have the pleasure of marketing for sale this BEAUTIFULLY presented two bedroom ground floor apartment in the requested Gunwharf Quays development. This COSMOPOLITAN marina complex offers a desirable choice of cafes, bars and restaurants as well as a multi screen ..."
"STUNNING HOME WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN! A traditional double bay and forecourt home which is located in the highly desirable PO4 location of Oliver Road, Southsea. A fantastic location for access to Winter Road and Albert Road, well regarded schools and only a short walk to the seafront! Well-presen..."
"Semi-detached family home located in the popular Drayton area. The property is exceptionally well presented and has a Southerly aspect rear garden, off road parking and a garage. Accommodation comprises; lounge, conservatory, ground floor WC, kitchen, dining room, family bathroom, three bedrooms."
"Lawson Rose are delighted to welcome to the market this three-bedroom, terrace property with off-road parking, located in the popular, requested Southsea location of Gritanwood Road. Offered with no forward chain, the home lies within walking distance to the Sea Front promenade and Bransbury Park..."
"A beautiful semi-detached property situated in the popular location of Cosham. Located in a great school catchment area, this family home is ready to move straight into. Please call the office today to arrange a viewing."
"This three bedroomed semi detached property would make an idea family home, needing some modernising this property would be ideal for a buyer wishing to make their own mark on their next home. In brief the property consists of: Entrance hall, lounge through to diner, kitchen, utility, ground floo..."
**SEMI-DETACHED FAMILY HOME** We are delighted to welcome a rare opportunity to offer for sale a premium semi-detached property at the end of a cul-de-sac in Anchorage Park. This property boasts ample living space with spacious modern kitchen with three bedrooms and separate garage.
BEING OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom semi - detached property in the heart of Portsmouth. This property will be the perfect family home so please call now to arrange a viewing on !
"***Selling with Tenant in Situ *** We are delighted to welcome to the market this well presented three bedroom, mid-terrace home, situated on the highly sought after Highland Road in close proximity to many local amenities. Benefitting from a renovation in recent times which inc..."
"Large ""Wedge"" 2 Bedroom 2nd floor apartment for sale. Has a parking space, South East Facing balcony and access to the communal gym, pool, hot tub & sauna. A viewing is highly recommended!"
"*** INVESTMENT BUYERS *** TWO BEDROOM SEAFRONT APARTMENT WITH OFF ROAD PARKING! Situated in the prime location of South Parade adjacent to Southsea promenade with the common, South Parade Pier, the seafront and numerous bars and restaurants all nearby. The spacious split-level apartment comprises..."
The sale's team at Your Move Southsea have the great pleasure in welcoming to the open market this attractive and spacious bay and forecourt end of terrace family home which is situated in Milton. Viewings are highly recommended to avoid disappointment. Call the team to book your viewi...
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this CHARMING Victorian cottage located in an enviable central Southsea setting within the Stanley Street CONSERVATION AREA No.1, just a stroll to Palmerston Road shopping precinct, Waitrose and the numerous bars and re..."
Days Estates Southsea are delighted to welcome to the market this three bedroom semi-detached townhouse with off-road parking via an integral garage in the popular Southsea location of Auckland Road East. The ground floor of this home consists of large kitchen and downstairs w/c with integral ga...
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this two bedroom SEMI-DETACHED home built by Crayfern Homes renowned for the quality of their construction, set within this PRIVATE cul-de-sac estate overlooking tree bound communal gardens. Guaranteed to be popular, th..."
"This 3 bedroom town house located in the sought after location of Ferry Road, Southsea with short walks to the seafront and Southsea Marina. As a whole, this is a modern, well maintained family home, ideal for those looking for their ideal home in a quiet location or looking to upsize."
" Purplebricks are delighted to re-launch this exceptional example of a TWO BED TOP FLOOR SEAFRONT APARTMENT. Situated in a prestigious block with security door entry system, lift and PARKING!! Nestled at the top of a quality block (The penthouse sits in the roof space above) this home will ap..."
"We are pleased to welcome to the market this three bedroom semi detached property with off road parking located in Jubilee Avenue. The ground floor consists of a sitting room, downstairs w/c and large open plan kitchen diner with French doors opening onto the garden. Moving upst..."
"This is beautifully presented throughout and benefiting from fine views of the marina and Portsmouth Harbour and the Spinnaker Tower. The property offers open plan lounge and modern fitted kitchen, beautifully presented family bathroom and en-suite. The property also boasts a video entry system ..."
Set in this glorious terrace you could be forgiven for thinking you live in the countryside! Our seller has left no stone unturned in their quest to create a stunning home! Click for more details.
" Well presented two double bedroom apartment situated on the 5th floor, in the ever popular Brecon House. Located canal side in Gunwharf Quays and benefiting from a spacious open plan kitchen, dining room and lounge leading onto a sunny south facing balcony. There is a family bathroom plus a..."
"**PERFECT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** **DEVELOPED IN 2021** **NEW TENANTS SECURED FOR SEPTEMBER 2023** NEXA Properties are delighted to be offering this stunning five-bedroom HMO property situated on Boulton Road, Southsea."
We are pleased to welcome to the market this three bedroom semi-detached townhouse with off-road parking via an integral garage in the popular Southsea location of Auckland Road East. The ground floor of this home consists of large kitchen and downstairs w/c with integral garage utilisin...
"** FANTASTIC OPEN PLANNED KITCHEN/DINER ** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** This mid terraced, double bay and forecourt house is perfect for those looking to upsize to an extended, spacious family home. With the ground floor extension it has created a beautiful kitchen/diner, making a great space for..."
"Situated in a popular residential area, this three bedroom freehold property boasts ample living accommodation to suit a growing family. Benefitting from a private garage, south-westerly aspect rear garden and no forward chain, the internal accommodation comprises; entrance porch, W.C, a large li..."
"OFF ROAD PARKING! This four bedroom, end terraced town house located in Battenburg Avenue, North End is offered for sale by our Portsmouth branch. Ground floor accommodation comprises two bedrooms and a downstairs W.C, with a lobby providing access to one of TWO private rear gardens with pedestri..."
Investment opportunity - Three one bed self contained apartments with separate services presently let and generating income. Further details available upon request. Located with in the immediate vicinity of the main centre and library of Portsmouth University. Ideal long term investment. Lease de...
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to offer for sale this two double bedroom end of terrace house situated in the cul-de-sac location of Harwich Road, Wymering. The property does require a degree of modernisation throughout. Benefits include a south facing rear garden, conservatory, double glazin..."
"We are pleased to offer this beautifully presented two double bedroom modern apartment in the ever desirable Anson Court, located on the second floor overlooking the canal. This is beautifully presented throughout and benefiting from fine views of the marina and Portsmouth Harbour and the Spinna..."
Offered with no forward chain! This well presented three bedroom semi-detached family home is a must see. Nestled in the North of the city in a popular location bosting ample parking to the rear and the property has been recently redecorated throughout. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappoint...
*** NO FORWARD CHAIN *** FOUR BEDROOMS *** CURRENTLY LET OUT FOR £1500 PCM *** MID-TERRACE *** BRILLIANT LOCATION *** BRILLIANT INVESTMENT *** MUST SEE *** 
"NO FORWARD CHAIN!! This beautifully presented and spacious ground floor apartment is located in the requested Gunwharf Quays development. Internally the property has been maintained to a high standard and comprises of a master bedroom with en-suite shower and built in wardrobe, additional bedroom..."
" Located within the immediate vicinity of the Albert Road shopping and entertainment area, this bay & forecourt mid terraced house circa 1890 can be offered with vacant possession (no forward chain). The accommodation comprises front lounge open plan to the family room, third reception room a..."
"GARAGE & OFF ROAD PARKING! Jeffries & Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, semi-detached residence situated in Stubbington Avenue, Copnor. Complimented with a south-facing garden, garage and an off road parking space, this property offers a selection of benefits. Ac..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! Jeffries & Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this three/four double bedrooms, terraced property located in North End Avenue, North End. In need of modernisation, this property offers excellent potential to the discerning buyer. Accommodation comprises a 29ft living roo..."
"Enjoying a sought-after location, this DETACHED MODERN THREE BEDROOM HOUSE benefits from a 40ft garden, gas central heating, garage and car space. Available now to the open market for the first time since new, the property requires a programme of refurbishment and is priced accordingly.
"
"We are delighted to bring to the open market this semi-detached family home located within walking distance to Cosham High Street and the railway station. The property boasts a reception, kitchen, dining room, bathroom and utility cupboard on the ground floor, three bedrooms, master with an en-su..."
*No forward chain* * Three double bedrooms* *Parking for multiple cars* We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious family home in the heart of Baffins.
"This generous semi-detached property is located in the desired area of Hilsea. Shared driveway to private garage. Offered with no forward chain. With credible tenants in situ and attractive yield, this property makes sense as a long term investment!"
We have pleasure in marketing for sale this single bay and forecourt house currently arranged as FIVE BEDROOM Student HMO accommodation with balance of 2022/23 tenancy to run. Internally the layout comprises two bedrooms on the ground floor and an open plan communal room and kitchen area over loo...
"************HMO - Investment Opportunity ************** - 4 double bedroom student house located in Southsea. This property consists of a modern fitted kitchen, two separate lounge area's , four double bedrooms, a ground floor family bathroom plus separate W.C.. The property has secured a let f..."
"LOVELY THREE BEDROOM HOME WITH OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER! This traditional bay and forecourt home can be found within a popular residential spot of Southsea. Meon Road is well-positioned with an abundance of local shops, well-regarded schools and Bransbury Park all within close proximity. The well-..."
"***NICELY PRESENTED***SOME UPDATING POTENTIAL***LARGE GARDEN***SIDE PEDESTRIAN ACCESS***THREE DOUBLE ROOMS***VIRTUAL TOUR*** A great property that could be upgraded over time. Three bedrooms, large open-plan living space and a south facing garden with pedstrian access, perfect for entertaining"
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO TAMWORTH PARK AND BAFFINS POND: GARAGE: Four bedroom double bay and forecourt terraced house in popular Baffins location, within walking distance to Baffins Pond and Tamworth Park this property would make..."
"This deceptively spacious end of terrace property in central Southsea is well presented throughout and has the huge benefit of a GARAGE for off road parking! Situated in Lawson Road, the property provides two separate reception room along with a stylish contemporary fitted kitchen/ breakfast room..."
Beal's are delighted to welcome to market this stunning three bedroom semi-detached house with a garage/workshop (Planning accepted for a 1 Bedroom Annex) that will blow you away. The property has been extended to the rear and offer fantastic living space. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappo...
"LARGE THREE BEDROOM HOUSE! We are delighted to offer for sale, this three double bedroom, terraced property located in Oriel Road, North End. Complete with original features and attention to detail by the current owners, this property offers a selection of benefits. Accommodation to the ground fl..."
"A spacious double bay and forecourt property in popular location set in a quiet Cul-de-Sac. Comprising of hallway with understairs cupboard housing meters. Spacious Lounge leading to Dining Room. Fitted Kitchen with doors leading to Conservatory housing a 2nd W..c., with Loft Access. To the F..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to present to the market this three bedroom terraced house situated in the popular location of Chatsworth Avenue, Cosham. The accommodation boasts an entrance hall leading to two separate reception rooms, kitchen, lean to and WC on the ground floor. To the first..."
"A three-bedroom, centre of terrace family home which is situated in a popular residential crescent location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, recreation grounds and within the catchment of both Solent and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The accommodati..."
***ORIGINAL FEATURES***SEMI DETACHED***THREE BEDROOMS***SIDE PESDESTRIAN ACCESS***MODERN KITCHEN***360 TOUR***
"Situated in the popular Hawthorn Crescent is this 3 Bedroom House with No Forward Chain. With a South Facing Garden and Off Road Parking, 2 large Reception Rooms, a good size Kitchen, separate Utility Room, Family Bathroom plus Downstairs WC, this property makes a great family home. Contact No..."
This charming cottage is tucked away from the main road offering the benefit of quiet private seclusion whilst also being a few short steps from the facilities in central Southsea including Waitrose supermarket and Palmerston Road high street. A cobbled front leads up the property which has a qua...
This large family home should definitely be on your list to view. There is scope for a lucky new owner to come in and create the home of their dreams.
"We are pleased to offer for sale this 2 bedroom hall floor apartment with delightful views over Southsea Common, which is just a short walk to Southsea Seafront, local amenities and Palmerston Road. The accommodation comprises 2 double bedrooms, spacious lounge, fitted kitchen and bathroom. The p..."
"Sold with no forward chain, this lovely traditional bay and forecourt terraced home is a fantastic example of period charm mixed with modern comforts and would suit a wide range of prospective purchasers. With ample living accommodation to suit a growing family, the property comprises; a bay-fron..."
Chain Free! A rare opportunity to own a property with parking in North End. The rear garden has been separated into two sections to provide a hard standing for vehicle access. This spacious end of terrace home is ready and waiting for a lovely family to move straight into and is not to be missed.
"A brilliant opportunity for a family! This stunning three double bedroom corner property boasts brilliant living space which includes two reception rooms, downstairs cloakroom, conservatory and upstairs bathroom. Arrange a viewing today to avoid missing out."
"Facing the sea and within striking distance of Canoe Lake, this two bedroom lower ground floor apartment boasts its own seafront facing courtyard garden with private access as well as allocated, secure parking to the rear of the block. Internally the accommodation comprises of a lounge/d..."
"Located in the low numbers of the popular tree-lined Highbury Grove, this 3 bedroom house, has a South Facing Garden and Off Road Parking for 2 Cars. Benefitting from 2 Reception Roos, a 15ft Kitchen, Double Glazing, Gas Central Heating, a family bathroom and Downstairs WC, this property makes..."
"UNSOLD AT AUCTION. CASH (ONLY) OFFERS NOW INVITED. GUIDE PRICE:  £330,000-£350,000. OF INTEREST TO OWNER-OCCUPIERS IN PARTICULAR, this desirable and EXCEPTIONALLY RARE DETACHED THREE BEDROOM BUNGALOW with much potential.
"
"***BAFFINS LOCATION***READY TO MOVE INTO***THREE BEDROOMS***MODERN FITTED KITCHEN***DOUBLE GARAGE***SOUTH FACING GARDEN***360 TOUR A lovely family house with modern kitchen and bathroom, three bedrooms and a double garage with rear vehicular access."
"AJM Estates are pleased to offer for sale this nicely presented three bedroom terraced house in Highbury. Key features include; Off road parking for two cars, two reception rooms, modern kitchen and first floor bathroom. Other benefits include; gas heating via radiators and double glazing. Viewin..."
Your Move take pleasure in introducing this spacious and versatile house to the sales market in Southsea. Early viewing recommended. 
"A retirement apartment which sits proudly at the bottom of Carmarthen Avenue, one of the area´s most acclaimed avenues which leads up to Portsdown Hill. Flat 23, is situated on the second floor with a southerly elevation, of a modern McCarthy & Stone development and comprises; hallway, b..."
A STUNNING THIRD FLOOR APARTMENT OFFERING DIRECT VIEWS OVER THE SOLENT WITH RARE BENEFIT OF PRIVATE PARKING. 
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES: OFF ROAD PARKING: Three bedroom terraced house in central southsea location, within walking distance to Albert Road with its range of bars, shops and cafes, this property woul..."
"This three double bedroom, three-storey townhouse is modern and immaculately presented and boasts off road parking, a superb ground floor extension and south-facing rear garden."
This three bedroom mid-terraced house is a perfect family home. Nestled in the popular location of Fordingbridge Road which is within close proximity to Bransbury Park and a short distance to the seafront. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappointment.
"A three bedroom semi-detached family home which is situated in a popular elevated residential location within easy access of local shopping amenities, and bus routes. Potential for off road parking."
"STUNNING THREE/FOUR BEDROOM PERIOD PROPERTY IN THE HEART OF SOUTHSEA. OFFERS INVITED IN EXCESS OF £325,000 Three bedroom mid terraced house in a sought after Southsea location, with two reception rooms and a kitchen/diner, three bedrooms with a first floor mode..."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this attractive VICTORIAN terraced HMO (House of Multiple Occupancy) house situated in a very convenient RESIDENTIAL location within a short walk of the main line railway station, university, transport services and local shopping facilities. Configured with ..."
"ROK Marsh are delighted to bring to market this 3 bedroom mid-terraced house located in the Copnor area of Portsmouth. Boasting large bedrooms, a generous sized kitchen/diner with conservatory, garage and well kept garden, this property is ideal for a family to move straight into with little to n..."
"Situated in one of Southseas most popular locations, sits this beautifully presented three double bedroom seafront apartment, which is offered with no forward chain. The property is conveniently located within walking distance of Albert Road and Palmerston Road, where local amenities and restaura..."
"** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY IN POPULAR AREA ** Situated in a popular residential area, this impressive end of terrace house offers the perfect investment. Currently occupied as a student let, the property benefits from C3/4 dual use which has been recently newly approved. The owner has ens..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom semi-detached house situated in the cul-de-sac location of Lendorber Avenue, Drayton. The property does require modernisation throughout and boasts two separate reception rooms, off road parking, gas central heating, double g..."
"We are delighted to welcome to the market this delightful, spacious, three bedroom semi-detached family home in the sought after location of Compton Road. The downstairs of the property contains two good sized reception rooms in the form of a sitting room and an open plan kitchen/diner...."
"No Forward Chain! This three bedroom, end of terrace property is moments away from local amenities on Winter Road, not far from Fratton Station and has the huge benefit of a garage! Situated on Haslemere Road, on the corner of Grayshott Road, this well presented property offers two separate recep..."
*** FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** GARAGE TO REAR *** TENANT IN-SITU *** We are delighted to offer to the market this great investment opportunity for those looking to buy their first BTL or add to their portfolio! Located on the corner of both Randolph & Mayfield Road you are per...
"A great terraced house in the requested Southsea location with double bay and forecourt and spacious rooms throughout, it is ideal for an investment or a home to make your own. Offered with no forward chain."
"We are delighted to welcome to market this amazing family home situated in the highly sought after location in the Wood Estate, Hilsea, Portsmouth."
"**GARAGE WITH CAR ACCESS** We are honoured to welcome to the market this beautifully presented three bedroom family home located in the highly sought after location of Baffins, Portsmouth."
*End of Terrace * Three Double Bedrooms * Garage with Dropped Kerb* We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom end of terrace property in the heart of Portsmouth.
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES IN AND OUT OF THE CITY: Four bedroom terraced house within walking distance to local shops and transport links. To the ground floor you will find communal living room, double bedroom, fitted..."
"***GARAGE!*** Beautifully presented & extended, THREE BEDROOM, double bay & forecourt mid terrace family home situated in the ever popular location of Domum Road offered with GARAGE! The spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, living room with bay window, large dining room, moder..."
*NO FORWARD CHAIN* We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious mid-terrace property with integral garage and driveway to front.
This Mid terraced Bay & Forecourt house is located with in the requested terraced district of Southsea in the immediate vicinity of Fratton Train Station with its direct rail link to central London. The accommodation set over two floors comprises front reception room internal modern fitted ki...
"This well-presented mid-terrace home has the benefit of a driveway providing off road parking in addition to a single garage accessed at the rear. With well-proportioned rooms that would suit a family, the internal accommodation comprises; porch, entrance hall, WC, modern kitchen, lounge/diner an..."
"Jeffries and Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this two bedroom semi-detached bungalow situated in the cul-de-sac location of Wainwright Close, Drayton. Offered with no forward chain, this property benefits from a southerly aspect rear garden, conservatory, detached garage, off road parking..."
"We are delighted to welcome to market this amazing family home situated in the highly sought after location of Hilsea, Portsmouth."
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this LARGE FOUR BEDROOM MID TERRACE HOUSE in the heart of BAFFINS! Entering the house you'll see that the house has been modernised throughout and is finished with the modern grey and white style. The living room is off to the right with the kit...
"A centre of terrace, three-bedroom family home which is situated in popular residential location yet within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, commutable road links, recreation grounds and the catchment for both Highbury and Springfield Schools (subject to confirmation). The acc..."
A three bedroom two reception room mid terrace single bay and forecourt house situated close to Milton Park.
"The Roseberry is a two bedroom home with a spacious lounge and a kitchen with dining space. With French doors opening onto the garden it’s perfect for entertaining. There’s also a handy storage cupboard and cloakroom on the ground floor. Upstairs are two double bedrooms, one with a large storage ..."
"Close to Milton Park, this substantial end of terrace property is offered with no forward chain! Located on Milton Road, on the corner of Meon Road, this property has great potential and could make for the ideal family home. Offering an array of benefits including three separate reception rooms, ..."
"** COMING SOON ** A LOVELY FAMILY HOME SITUATED IN A HUGELY POPULAR LOCATION WITHIN STRIKING DISTANCE TO THE SHOPS, BARS AND AMENITIES IN ALBERT ROAD. "
"No Forward Chain! Found in the requested 'Eastney Village' this mid terraced, bay & forecourt property is now available to view with Lawson Rose. Situated on Kimberley Road, the property provides a lounge with a bright bay window, a downstairs W.C plus an open kitchen/ dining room wit..."
NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT : WALKING DISTANCE TO MILTON PARK AND BRANSBURY PARK: RESIDENCE PARKING: Two bedroom fourth floor apartment in popular Milton location within walking distance to Milton park and bransbury park the property would make the idea...
"The Wilford is a 2 bedroom home - a great starter home. The hall leads to a modern kitchen, it then opens up into a spacious lounge & dining area with French doors onto the garden. Upstairs are two double bedrooms, a modern bathroom and plenty of essential storage space."
"This traditional three bedroom terraced home has been extensively refurbished in recent years with high quality fittings and finishes. The internal accommodation comprises; entrance lobby, a large living area which formally comprised of two separate receptions rooms, a contemporary kitchen/diner,..."
"A well presented three-bedroom, single bay and forecourt semi-detached home which is situated in a popular residential location and is within easy access of local shopping amenities, bus routes, commutable road links and within catchment of local schools (subject to confirmation). The accommodati..."
"NEXA Properties are pleased to present this 3/4 townhouse to the market, situated within minute's walk to Southsea seafront. It has recently been redecorated throughout, therefore ready to move in without any fuss. It also benefits from secure off-road parking. NO FORWARD CHAIN."
"Your Move are pleased to welcome this 4/5 bedroom property, in an excellent location to the sales market. The property benefits from off street parking. Please call the team in Southsea to book a viewing."
"No Forward Chain! Brilliant opportunity to purchase this three bedroom, end of terrace property is a highly popular residential area of Southsea. Situated on Bramshott Road, close to local amenities on Winter Road, the accommodation comprises of an open plan living area with French doors overlook..."
INVESTMENT BUYERS ONLY SITTING TENANT We are pleased to offer for sale this stunning two-bedroom apartment on the 8th Floor with Views across Gunwharf Quays The Crescent Building was Built around 2006 and is one of the spectacular centrepieces of this visionary waterside ...
"We are pleased to offer for sale, this comprehensive three double bedroom residence situated in Inhurst Road, North End. Accommodation comprises a 15ft living room, a 19ft modern-fitted kitchen/dining room and a conservatory, providing access to a utility room and a downstairs W.C. The first floo..."
** LARGE PERIOD PROPERTY ** EXTENDED KITCHEN DINER ** POPULAR LOCATION CLOSE TO LOCAL SCHOOLS **
A three bedroom two reception room period style family home with period features throughout. No forward chain.
"The Wilford is perfect for couples - it's a great starter home, investment or downsizer. The hall leads to a modern kitchen and guest cloakroom. It then opens up into a spacious lounge with French doors to the turfed garden.
Upstairs are two double bedrooms, a modern bathroom and plenty of essent..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN & GARAGE! Jeffries & Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, semi-detached residence located in Chelmsford Road, North End. The property is well-presented throughout and offered with no onward chain. Accommodation comprises two reception rooms and a fi..."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this SPACIOUS modern apartment situated on the first floor of one of Southsea's most PRESTIGIOUS apartment blocks along the seafront just a stroll from Canoe Lake, South Parade Pier and the recreational facilities of this DESIRABLE location. The main sho..."
***NO FORWARD CHAIN***THREE BEDROOMS***OPEN PLAN DESIGN**FABULOUS OUTDOOR SPACE***360 TOUR***
"*** SEMI-DETACHED PROPERTY WITH LARGE REAR GARDEN*** We are delighted to welcome to the sales market, this spacious two bedroom semi-detached property on Second Avenue in Farlington This large property enjoys a great frontage, which has off road parking for two cars, access to t..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to present to the market this three bedroom terraced house situated in the popular location of Hawthorn Crescent, Cosham. The accommodation boasts an entrance hall leading to two separate reception rooms which follows on to kitchen at the rear. To the first floo..."
"*** THREE BED SEMI-DETACHED + OFF ROAD PARKING! *** We are delighted to welcome to the sales market, this wonderfully presented three bedroom semi-detached home with off road parking! Parking will never be an issue due to this property being semi-detached with a shared driveway,..."
"Situated in one of Southsea's highly requested roads, sits this characterful three/four bedroom home with a lot of potential, having been extended on the rear elevation.The property is conveniently located within walking distance of Fratton Train Station and Winter Road, where local restaurants a..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £314,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £475,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £313,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £475,000"
"** UNEXPECTEDLY RE-AVAILABLE - ONWARD CHAIN COMPLETE ** We are delighted to offer for sale this well presented three bedroom semi-detached house situated in Greenwood Avenue, Cosham. The accommodation on offer comprises entrance hallway, lounge, dining room and kitchen to the ground floor with th..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom, double bay & forecourt property located in Westwood Road, Hilsea. Well presented throughout, accommodation on offer comprises a 29ft lounge/diner, a 17ft fitted kitchen, an upstairs family bathroom, plus three bedrooms. Ad..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom family home situated in a sought after location in Drayton, close to local amenities, transport links, and local schools. In brief the accommodation comprises; Entrance hallway, fitted kitchen, and a spacious 27 foot open plan living/dining a..."
"The Denford is a stylish two bedroom home - perfect for first-time buyers or investors. The open-plan ground floor welcomes a kitchen / diner and living area, complete with French doors inviting natural light into your home.
 
Head upstairs and you'll see the family bathroom, as well as two spaci..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this Superb Executive Fourth floor 2 bedroom apartment in the sought after Blue Building, Gunwharf Quays. The apartments benefits from stunning views of Portsmouth and the Solent towards Hayling Island. The two bedrooms are doubles, with the master boasting an en-..."
A god sized family home that is ready to move into and make your own. Very good transport links in and out of town. On bus routes in all directions and the main line train station is close by for commuters.
"PRICED AT £310,000 - 49 Chalk Dock Avenue (Plot 82 The Denford) is part of the Harbour Place development by Barratt Homes. A 2 bed terrace home with 2 parking spaces and anticipated build completion March 2023. Reserve this home and benefit from UPGRADED KITCHEN & FLOORING worth OVER &..."
"We are delighted to present to the market this no forward chain three bedroom terraced house situated in the popular location of Hawthorn Crescent, Cosham. The accommodation boasts an entrance hall leading to two separate reception rooms, a good size kitchen, utility and shower room to the ground..."
Chain Free! A Great opportunity to create the home of your dreams. This generously proportioned three bedroom terraced home has bags of potential. A new family will really love moulding the existing space to suit their needs.
***WOOD ESTATE***THREE BEDROOMS***OPEN PLAN LOUNGE DINER***FITTED KITCHEN***GARAGE***360 TOUR***
***THREE BEDROOMS***REAR PEDSTRIAN ACCESS***MODERN KITCHEN***INTERIOR UPGRADE POTENTIAL****NO ONWARD CHAIN***GARAGE POTENTIAL***360 TOUR*** A lovely family home requiring some interior upgrading with original features and good sized easterly facing garden. Great opportunity for keen DIY.
"This three bedroom brick fronted middle terrace home is located in the popular Southern part of Haslemere Road, set close to schools, amenities and within walking distance of Albert Road. The interior of the property is laid out as follows;- Entrance hall, lounge, separate dining room, with a goo..."
"A wonderful end of terrace corner house with C4 licence and tenants in situ, ideal for investors to add to their portfolio. Offered with no onward chain. Guide price £33,000 - £340,000"
"GARAGE & OFF ROAD PARKING! We are delighted to offer for sale this semi-detached, two bedroom property located in Kipling Road, Hilsea. Well presented throughout, accommodation on the ground floor comprises a 15ft reception room, a modern fitted kitchen, plus a conservatory which leads onto t..."
"OFFERED WITH NO CHAIN AHEAD AND IN WALKING DISTANCE OF BAFFINS POND. A three bedroom middle terrace house located in the highly sought after Baffins location of Portsmouth. This property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating system, lounge, modern open plan kitchen/dining room, first ..."
"Location, location, location. This mid terraced home is everything you are looking for. Take a walk to Bransbury Park with your children or dog. A must see property."
"HMO - 4 Bed Student House. Located with in the immediate vicinity of Fratton Railway station with its direct main line link to London Waterloo. This established mid terraced house is presently tenanted with four students until the 31st of July 2023. Income presently at £1,450 pcm The accommo..."
"THREE BEDROOM HOME WITH WEST FACING GARDEN! This bay and forecourt home is situated in the ever popular location of St. Augustine Road, Southsea. Ideally positioned at the southerly end of the road, with the Albert Road and the seafront just a short walk away. The well-presented accommodation on ..."
A four bedroom two reception room single bay and forecourt house with top floor master bedroom suite with ensuite shower room. 
"GUIDE PRICE 300,000 - 310,000 We are delighted to offer for sale this fantastic three bedroom town house which is situated in the popular location of Old College Walk, Cosham. Set within a modern development this spacious property is arranged over three floors and benefits from a mode..."
** MUST SEE** Fox and Sons are delighted to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom corner plot property in a highly sought after area of Copnor.
"This EXTENDED, 4 Bedroom Semi-Detached House with a WEST FACING GARDEN is offered for sale with No Forward Chain. Extended on the ground floor this property has a 21ft Kitchen/Dining Room and 3 Reception Rooms. Located less than a mile from QA Hospital, this property not only makes a great fam..."
"A well-presented three bedroom home with a versatile loft space situated in the popular Mafeking Road, Southsea. Potentially an ideal first time or investment purchase, the property provides two separate reception rooms, downstairs W.C, first floor bathroom, and an extension/conservatory at groun..."
"Located on the popular South Parade this spacious two-bedroom apartment benefits from two double bedrooms, open plan living/kitchen area with integrated appliances and a desirable off road parking space! To be sold with a tenant in situ achieving £820pcm, this is a great and simple investment. "
"AJM Estates are delighted to offer to the open market for sale this three bedroom terraced house in Cosham. Situated within close proximity to all the local shops and amenities on offer in Cosham high street. The property also offers easy access to the A27/M27 motorway, bus routes and Cosham trai..."
Chain Free! A well presented terraced property ripe and ready to move straight into. Close to all local amenities. Sunny aspect rear garden to enjoy in those warmer months.
"***SPECTACULAR APARTMENT WITH PARKING AT MONEYFIELD MEWS*** We are thrilled to welcome to the sales market, this beautiful brand new apartment in the highly anticipated redevelopment of Moneyfields Football Club, to bring you Moneyfield Mews This apartment is just one of fourtee..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN & GARAGE! Jeffries & Dibbens are delighted to present for sale this three bedroom, end of terrace residence located in the popular location of Redcar Avenue, Baffins. In need of some internal modernisation, this property makes a great purchase and offers excellent potenti..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN & SOUTH FACING GARDEN! Jeffries & Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, terraced residence located in St Chads Avenue, North End. Ground floor accommodation comprises two reception rooms, a fitted kitchen and a downstairs W.C, with three bedrooms and..."
"A well presented home in a cul-de-sac location close to the Port Solent Marina Complex and local transport links offering: THREE BEDROOMS, entrance lobby, lounge, dining area, fitted kitchen and modern shower room, an enclosed low maintenance west facing garden and GARAGE/WORKSHOP. "
We are pleased to offer this stunning two-bedroom apartment on the 3rd Floor with Views across Gunwharf Quays The Crescent Building was Built around 2006 and is one of the spectacular centrepieces of this visionary waterside marina development offering a standard of architecture and s...
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT PURCHASE: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL BUS ROUTES IN AND OUT THE CITY: WALKING DISTANCE TO COSHAM TRAIN STATION: OFF ROAD PARKING FOR 3/4 CARS: Three bedroom semi-detached house within walking distance to local shops, transport l..."
"** NO FORWARD CHAIN ** We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom end of terrace house situated in the popular location of Second Avenue, Farlington. The property has been extended and boasts an entrance hall, kitchen, bathroom and lounge/diner to the ground floor with three double bed..."
"We are delighted to bring to the market this 3 Bedroom Semi-Detached House located in the sought after area of Cosham. Just a 5 minute walk from the high street, train station and a short drive to the motorway, the property is in a prime location for shopping requirements and travel links. The pr..."
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this FOUR BEDROOM THOROUGHLY MODERNISED mid Terrace house close to Portchester with Off Road Parking. This house is very much like a Tardis! From the outside you get the idea that there may be more to it than meets the eye as the facade is larger...
We are delighted to welcome to market this impressive three bedroom family home in heart of North End! Beresford Road has been finished to a high standard with still keeping the original period features. In our opinion this property is a must see to arrange a viewing please call us on !
"FOURTEEN FREEHOLD, LOCK-UP GARAGES LOCATED JUST OFF ALBERT ROAD. A fabulous investment opportunity to acquire two blocks of garages situated close to the shops, restaurants and pubs in Albert Road. Eminently lettable, these blocks face each other either side of Wish Place with one side c..."
"***THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS +TWO LARGE RECEPTION ROOMS*** We are delighted to introduce to the sales market, this spacious property in the sought after location of Wallace Road. This wonderfully spacious property would make a fantastic family home, with the size it has on offer."
"We are delighted to present this modern two bedroom , ground floor apartment in the sought after location of Gunwharf Quays. The property is situated inside a private gated development and offers great access to shops, bars, restaurants and Old Portsmouth. The property has been..."
A three bedroom two reception room semi-detached house with off road parking offered for sale with vacant possession.
"We are delighted to offer an opportunity to purchase this three bedroom detached home situated in Salisbury Road, Cosham. This extended property requires modernisation throughout, but boasts a 26'1 lounge/diner, kitchen and cloakroom to the ground floor with three bedroom and a bathroom to the fi..."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this 3 bedroom family home which requires updating, but has been priced accordingly. Located in this popular residential area and and being sold with a garage. The accommodation comprises 3 bedrooms, 2 reception rooms, fitted kitchen, conservatory, ground flo..."
"STUNNING SEA VIEWS.... Situated on the ever so popular South Parade, the property is conveniently located within walking distance of South Parade Pier and Palmerston Road with its range of local shops, restaurants and bus routes. Internally, the property benefits from class..."
"A beautifully presented three bedroom terraced house, benefiting from a double bay and forecourt with period features throughout. An ideal family home, offering two large reception rooms, a fitted kitchen, conservatory & upstairs bathroom. Conveniently located close to Copnor shops & local schools."
"DRIVEWAY AND OFF ROAD PARKING! We are delighted to bring to the market this beautiful 3 bedroom property located in Fairfield Square, Cosham."
"*Stunning open plan modern kitchen* We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom property in the highly sought after location of North end, Portsmouth."
A spacious three bedroom period single bay & forecourt centrally located in Laburnum Grove. The property is ideal for entertaining due to the open plan lounge and kitchen/dining area. Do not delay call us on . 
"**FOUR BEDROOM MID - WITH OFF ROAD PARKING** We are delighted to welcome to the sales market, this charming four bedroom mid-terrace property situated in Leominster Road, within walking distance of many local amenities, including QA hospital. This well presented property wo..."
"DOUBLE GARAGE & NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, mid-terraced property located in Stride Avenue, Baffins. The spacious accommodation on offer comprises two reception rooms, a modern fitted kitchen, a conservatory and a WC to the ground floor. First floo..."
*ONLY TO BE SOLD WITH A TENANT IN SITU* AJM Estates are delighted to offer to the open market for sale this three bedroom terraced house in Cosham. Situated within close proximity to all the local shops and amenities on offer in Cosham high street. The property also offers easy access to the A...
"We are pleased to offer for sale this 1 bedroom first floor apartment with lift and secure underground parking space. The accommodation comprises a good size lounge, fitted kitchen, double bedroom, bathroom. The property is fitted with double glazing, electric night storage heating and is offered..."
"GARAGE! We are delighted to bring to the market this substantial, three bedroom, end terraced property located in Copnor Road, Copnor. Offered with no forward chain, ground floor accommodation comprises two reception rooms measuring at 25ft and 13ft respectively, a 14ft fitted kitchen, a utility ..."
"Located with in the immediate vicinity of the Albert Road shopping and entertainment area, this mid terraced bay and forecourt house Circa 1900 can be offered with vacant possession and comprises Three double bedrooms to the upper floor. plus family bathroom and separate W.C. Three reception room..."
"This well presented, two bedroom, semi-detached property located in Yardley Close, Anchorage Park is for sale with Jeffries & Dibbens of Portsmouth. The two bedrooms are complimented by the first floor fitted bathroom and the 14' lounge leads to a 12' kitchen and a 10', double-glazed conserva..."
"HMO - Landlord to Landlord Cross-over sale. This mid-terraced house has undergone a program of redecoration and
refurbishment by the present owners and currently operates as a 4-person student rental house. The accommodation offers four double bedrooms, communal lounge, modern fitted kitchen,tw..."
"We are excited to offer for sale this three bedroom, mid-terraced, double bay & forecourt property located in Lichfield Road, Baffins. Offered with no forward chain, accommodation on offer comprises two reception rooms measuring 12ft and 11ft respectively, a fitted kitchen, an upstairs shower..."
"GARAGE & OFF ROAD PARKING! We are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom, end of terrace property situated in Penhale Road, Fratton. Well presented throughout, this property offers a selection of benefits to the discerning buyer. Accommodation comprises a 10ft modern-fitted kitchen, a 2..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN & ALLOCATED PARKING!*** Stunning TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM penthouse with wrap around BALCONY situated in the ever popular purpose built development of Dickens House offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! The spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, airing cupboard, stunning living..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £297,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £450,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £297,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £450,000"
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY agreed on a managed company Let until March 2026. Located within a short walk of Fratton railway station with services to London and other coastal towns, this VICTORIAN terraced house is also within easy reach of local shops and t..."
"A lovely 3/4 bed terraced house Currently arranged as 4 bedrooms one reception C4 registration, details in our office Lounge Diner with door to garden Modern Kitchen Gas Central Heating Double Glazed Bay and Forecourt Courtya..."
We are pleased to bring to the market this 1 bedroom first floor apartment with plenty of on-site parking and located within the formal Marine Barracks Development. The property has the benefit of a large outside terrace area offering delightful sea views and views over the communal gardens/tenni...
"**360 TOUR AVAILABLE** Delighted to bring you this idillic three bedroom family home located in Wesley Grove, Hilsea. Close to local schools and with the potential to really make this place your own it's not one to be missed."
"  The Denford is a stylish two bedroom home - perfect if you're looking to invest. The open-plan ground floor welcomes a kitchen / diner and living area, complete with French doors inviting natural light into your home.
Head upstairs and you'll see the family bathroom, as well as two spacious do..."
"A beautiful family home located in the popular area of Baffins. This large property boasts charming original features, generous living space throughout and even bonus loft room!"
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: Three bedroom double bay and forecourt terraced house within a short walk to Fratton Train Station, restaurants and supermarkets. This property would make the ideal first ..."
"Offered with no forward chain is this light and spacious three-bedroom apartment situated over two floors of this well-kept building. The internal accommodation comprises; split-level entrance hallway, spacious bay-fronted lounge/diner, a fitted kitchen with ample space for a breakfast table, a m..."
STUNNING THREE BEDROOM HOME IN BAFFINS ** HAS BEEN RENNOVATED THROUGHOUT ** HIGH-GLOSS KITCHEN WITH DINING AREA AND BI-FOLDING DOORS ON TO THE GARDEN ** NO FORWARD CHAIN ** VIEWINGS AVAILABLE ON SATURDAY 1ST APRIL (DUE TO TENANT AVAILABILITY)
***FAMILY HOME***SOUTHSEA***THREE BEDROOMS***COURT YARD GARDEN***360 VIRTUAL TOUR***
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN & BALCONY!*** Well presented, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM, upper floor apartment with ALLOCATED PARKING & SHARE OF FREEHOLD situated in close proximity to the seafront in the highly popular block of Hartford House, Blount Road offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! The spacious accommoda..."
* NO FORWARD CHAIN & SPACIOUS PROPERTY THROUGHOUT* We are delighted to welcome to market this three bedroom house in the highly sought after location of North End!
Your Move are delighted to bring this super well presented family home with Parking to the sales market. Early viewing recommended.
"FOUR BEDROOMS! We are delighted to offer for sale this four bedroom, terraced property located in Burlington Road, North End. Accommodation comprises two reception rooms, a downstairs WC, a 16ft kitchen and a conservatory. To the first floor, you will find three bedrooms, a family bathroom and st..."
"***THREE BEDROOMS - UPSTAIRS BATHROOM*** We are delighted to welcome to the sales market, this charming three bedroom end of terrace property situated in Vivash Road, Fratton, within walking distance of many local amenities, including Fratton Train Station. The front of the prop..."
"Days estates Southsea are delighted to welcome to the market this spacious two bedroom purpose built apartment. It has been newly refurbished and redecorated, and is close to the seafront. Boasting a southerly facing balcony, allocated parking space, a new 999 Year Lease with a share of the Fre..."
"Offered with no forward chain! This stunning three bedroom mid-terrace house is nestled in the heart of North End and offers open plan living space, a modern fitted kitchen and upstairs bathroom making it the perfect family home."
** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY IN THE HEART OF SOUTHSEA ** Wonderful investment opportunity set just off Albert Road. Theis terraced house is currently set out as a 5 bedroom HMO property with 2 bedrooms on the ground floor and 3 bedrooms on the first floor.
"We are delighted to be chosen to market this large four bedroom family home located in Allaway Avenue, Paulsgrove. Accommodation comprises four bedrooms, a modern fitted bathroom and shower room, two reception rooms, great sized modern fitted kitchen and a conservatory. The outside boasts a large..."
"This unique town house on Highland Road has accommodation set over four floors and could make for an ideal first time or family home. Situated in the popular 'Eastney Village' not far from local amenities and seafront, this well-presented property offers a wealth of benefits including a s..."
"Available for sale with no forward chain and offering a first floor bathroom suite in addition to a ground floor WC, is this very well-presented three bedroom home. Set a long a popular road and falling within catchment for both Mayfield Junior and Secondary schools. The property briefly comprise..."
Purplebricks are delighted to bring this THREE BED immaculate mid terrace in the heart of Southsea. Currently tenanted - by arguably the tidiest cleanest tenants youll find - this house come to the market with NO FORWARD CHAIN and ready to move into. Entering the house into the light bright ope...
"Located on Southsea's Seafront, sits this spacious two bedroom first floor apartment, which is offered with no forward chain. The property is conveniently located within walking of Southsea Pier and Pamerston Road, where local restaurants and amenities can be found. The internal accommodation com..."
"Situated in the heart of Southsea, sits this beautifully presented two bedroom maisonette, which enjoys a private east facing rear garden. The property is conveniently located within walking distance of Albert Road and Palmerston Road, where local restaurants and amenities can be found. The inter..."
"**SOUTH FACING GARDEN & OUT HOUSE** Delighted to bring you this quirky three bedroom terraced house located in Wheatstone Road, Southsea. Filled with original features, a stunning south facing garden and rear outhouse this one is a real hidden gem. "
"Bay and Forecourt Family Home. Popular Location. Bathroom/Cloakroom/Utility. West Facing Garden. Well presented. Tenure: Freehold. A lovely family home situated in popular Milton. Found along Catisfield Road, this three bedroom mid terrace property is perfectly located for access to Milton ..."
"We are delighted to bring to the market this three bedroom, bay and forecourt style property located in Ripley Grove, Baffins. Offering spacious accommodation throughout, the ground floor comprises two reception rooms, a modern fitted kitchen, a lean-to conservatory and a downstairs WC. The first..."
We are pleased to offer for sale this stunning two-bedroom apartment in The Blue Building. This spectacular centerpieces was Built around 2006 and is one of the spectacular centrepieces with this visionary waterside marina development offering a standard of architecture and specification was rare...
"Welcoming this three bedroom home in Balfour Road to the market - a perfect opportunity to make something your own! With a large living room, two bathrooms, a west facing garden and lots of room for potential. "
"FOUR BEDROOM STUDENT HOUSE PRODUCING APPROXIMATELY £1,480 PER MONTH FOR ELEVEN MONTHS WITH TENANTS SIGNED UP FOR THE ACADEMIC YEAR 2022/2023 WITH BATHROOM ROOM, SHOWER ROOM AND TWO SEPARATE WC'S."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this lovely GROUND FLOOR apartment enjoying an excellent corner position within a stroll of Southsea shopping precinct, the common and seafront. Laying within the Owens CONSERVATION, this substantial residence was conve..."
"**NEW TO THE MARKET** **INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** **TENANTS IN SITU** **CLOSE TO ALBERT ROAD** **BENEFITS FROM MIXED USE PLANNING** This three bedroom property benefits from mixed use (C3/C4) planning use making it an ideal candidate for a budding investor. Currently producing a £1,00..."
"Situated in the hugely popular location of Eastney is this traditional terraced home offering generous accommodation, potentially Ideal for those looking for their first time purchase. Having updated the majority of the decor throughout out the property the current owners have created an airy spa..."
"SOUGHT AFTER AREA BEING CLOSE TO THE VIBRANT GUNWHARF COMPLEX with GARAGE and PARKING. The property comprises of a FITTED KITCHEN to the FRONT, LOUNGE to the rear with DOOR TO PAVED GARDEN AND REAR ACCESS. The FIRST FLOOR houses TWO BEDROOMS, BATHROOM with SHOWER OVER. The property also BENEFIT..."
"** IMPRESSIVE RETIREMENT APARTMENT ON SOUTHSEA SEAFRONT ** We are delighted to offer for sale this impressive 1 bedroom apartment in the ever popular Tudor Rose Court. Situated on South Parade, the building is directly opposite the seafront and offers a location and community that many o..."
"A beautifully bright and spacious one bedroom retirement apartment, benefiting from a BALCONY WITH LOVELY VIEWS. Bistro style in-house restaurant serving delicious hot and cold meals. ONE HOUR OF DOMESTIC ASSISTANCE INCLUDED PER WEEK."
IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES: WALKING DISTANCE TO MEON INFANT AND JUNIOR SCHOOL: Three bedroom terraced property. Situated on the outskirts of Southsea. This period style property has a family feel and offers spectacular liv...
"Situated in Copper Beech Drive, Farlington is this Spacious 3 Bedroom Town House with Off Road Parking for 2 Cars. Located in the catchment for Springfield and Solent Schools, this property is offered for sale with No Forward Chain, has a 17ft Kitchen/Dining Room, 16ft Lounge, Family Bathroom,..."
"THREE BEDROOM HOME WITH SOUTH FACING GARDEN & NO FORWARD CHAIN! This traditional mid terraced home is situated in the popular residential location of Jessie Road, Southsea. Ideally positioned with Fratton Train Station, Fawcett Road shopping area and local amenities close by. The spacious acc..."
"This three bedroom, bay & forecourt property in the popular Henderson Road, Eastney is now available to view with Lawson Rose. Not far from the seafront and promenade, this terraced home has many benefits to enjoy including a large open plan living room with front and rear aspect windows, alo..."
Offered with no forward chain! Beals are delighted to welcome to market this four bedroom mid-terraced house in the heart of Southsea. Current let out for £1000 PCM. Arrange a viewing today to avoid missing out.
"This three bedroom, bay & forecourt property in Bonchurch Road, Milton is now available to view with Lawson Rose. Although in need of modernisation, we believe this loved property could make for an ideal family home and would be perfect for those looking to put their 'own stamp' on a ..."
"IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES: MANOR INFANTS AND NEWBRIDGE JUNIOR SCHOOL CATCHMENTS: Three bedroom 1930 style end of terrace house within walking distance to local shops, transport links and good school catchments, this prope..."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this spacious 2 bedroom apartment located on Southsea Seafront, with views towards Southsea Common and over the communal gardens. Being sold with a share of freehold and annual service charge of £1387 pa (approximately). This apartment has 2 double bedrooms, ..."
Savoy House is a modern Retirement Living development located on South Parade opposite the pier. It is an ideal option for those seeking over 60's retirement apartments in Southsea This one bedroom apartment with allocated parking is within close proximity to numerous local amenities with idylli...
IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES IN AND OUT OF THE CITY: CALL LEADERS TODAY ON TO ARRANGE YOUR VIEWING!! Three bedroom End of Terrace house in popular Copnor location. Within walking distance to local shop...
"**THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS** We are delighted to welcome to market this stunning three double bedroom property in the highly sought after area location of Baffins, In our eyes this property is a must see, please call us today on to arrange a viewing."
"***THREE BEDROOMS...TWO RECEPTIONS...NO FORWARD CHAIN*** We are delighted to be welcoming to the market this three bedroom, mid-terrace home in the sought after area of Harold Road, Portsmouth, in close proximity to local amenities including Albert Road, This former HMO has been..."
A FANTASTIC one bedroom retirement apartment with SEA VIEWS situated NEXT TO THE BEACH. Benefiting from a LARGE BALCONY.
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this SUPERB retirement apartment with ALLOCATED PARKING BAY located on the third floor of this LUXURIOUSLY appointed retirement complex situated directly opposite Southsea seafront. Savoy House is PERFECTLY designed for...
"We are pleased to bring to the market this 3 bedroom family home which is located close to Meon School, Milton Park, Bramsbury Park and Eastern Road, which offers easy access to M27, A27 & A3. The property is offered with no chain. The accommodation comprises 3 bedrooms, lounge, fitted kitchen, c..."
"2 bedroom seafront apartment positioned on the hall floor with delightful views over Southsea Common towards The Solent. Offered with allocated parking, share of freehold, lift and no forward chain. The accommodation comprises 2 bedrooms, lounge with bay window offering views, fitted kitchen and ..."
Key features- A FANTASTIC one bedroom retirement apartment with SEA VIEWS situated NEXT TO THE BEACH. Benefiting from a LARGE BALCONY. Savoy House - Savoy House is a modern Retirement Living development located on the former site of the Savoy Buildings on South Parade. It is an id...
A large family home situated in the popular area of Copnor. Offered chain free this property is also perfect as an investment.
"We are delighted to introduce to the market, this very well presented three bedroom mid-terrace property in the heart of the sought after area of Lyndhurst Road. On entry to the property, you are greeted by a large, bright and airy entrance hallway, off which you have a spacious sitting..."
Nicely presented three bedroom family home in this requested location.
This large terraced corner home will definitely surprise you when you see the accommodation on offer. This is a property not to be missed.
A wonderful first floor apartment with lift situated in the popular quiet location of Craneswater park. Close to the seafront and local amenities. A perfect downsize property or investment to add to your portfolio.
"** OFF ROAD PARKING ** CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION ** CALL TO VIEW** We are delighted to offer for sale this two bedroom, terraced house situated in the highly sought after and cul-de-sac location of Peronne Close, Hilsea. This home is perfectly located with motorway access, bus routes and both..."
"This three bedroom, bay & forecourt property is found in a popular pocket of Southsea, not for from local amenities on Winter Road and Milton Park. Situated on Bramshott Road, the property provides two separate reception rooms alongside a fitted kitchen and bathroom suite, plus there are thre..."
"A very large three bedroom terraced property in central Portsmouth, boasting cellar and loft room. Ideal as investment or family home, please call the branch to view."
"Launching to the market a beautiful four bedroom apartment in Landport Street. This large property has been recently refurbished to a high standard with neutral decor throughout. Upon entering the property you will find four large double bedrooms, a spacious family bathroom complete wi..."
"THREE BEDROOM HOME WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN! This double bay and forecourt home is located along Glasgow Road, Southsea, with the lovely Bransbury Park at the end of the road. Offered with no forward chain, the property briefly comprises; entrance hallway, two separate reception rooms and a fitted k..."
"This well presented terraced property in Brookfield Road could make for an ideal first time or investment purchase in our opinion and provides a wealth of benefits, some of which include a spacious open plan living room with duel aspect windows, a modern fitted kitchen that overlooks the enclosed..."
"A well presented MODERN & EXTENDED home close to the Port Solent Marina complex offering: TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, lounge, SPACIOUS EXTENDED KITCHEN/DINER, modern first floor shower room, low maintenance rear garden and GARAGE in block"
"TWO BEDROOM SEAFRONT APARTMENT! Situated along the well regarded, prominent seafront terrace that is South Parade, is this two bedroom hall floor apartment that is perfect for anyone that wants to live on the seafront. The internal accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hallway, two bedrooms, ..."
"An impressive size three bedroom house with upstairs bathroom, west facing rear garden, no chain and a dollop of character! Must be seen..."
"Sold with no forward chain, this spacious two bedroom maisonette is situated on the hall floor of this striking period property. Benefiting from a share of the freehold, an allocated parking space and close proximity to the Southsea Sea Front and Canoe Lake. The internal accommodation comprises; ..."
"We are delighted to welcome to the market, this modern three bedroom apartment with off road parking in a sought after location, in close proximity to Gunwharf Quays Internally, the property consists of a dual aspect spacious open plan kitchen/lounge, which measures over 19ft and is the ..."
Your Move are pleased to bring this large 5 bedroom home to the sales market. This property will make a perfect family home but is equally appealing to investors. Book your viewing now to avoid disappointment. 
"We are proud to offer for sale this comprehensive, two double bedroom, terraced residence located in Folkestone Road, Baffins. Well presented throughout, this property offers a selection of benefits. Ground floor accommodation comprises two spacious reception rooms measuring 13ft, a downstairs W...."
"Period three bedroom terrace property in popular location of Milton, the property is ideally located for local amenities and convenience. Southsea Sea Front is a short drive or bus ride away, Portsmouth Town Centre local schools and university are within easy reach making the home ideal for f..."
"THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN! A semi-detached home found along Eastney Road, Southsea, with an abundance of local amenities nearby and within walking distance of the seafront! The accommodation briefly comprises a 26ft (approx.) lounge/diner with exposed staircase and fi..."
"*Three double bedrooms with upstairs family bathroom and downstairs shower room* We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom property in the highly sought after location of North end, Portsmouth."
"No Forward Chain! & OFF-ROAD PARKING! This well presented, three-bedroom terraced home has the huge benefit of off-road parking to its rear! Situated on Telephone Road, with close proximity to Fratton Station and local amenities, the home offers a wealth of appealing benefits and could make f..."
"Ideal for first-time buyers, the Alverton is a 2 bedroom coach house designed perfectly for modern living.  On the first floor there is plenty of space to entertain friends and family in your bright and airy open-plan kitchen, dining area, and lounge. Across your hallway, find two double bedrooms..."
Very spacious two bedroom garden flat located on Southsea seafront. Large lounge and two bedrooms one with en-suite shower room. Vacant possession.
"Three bedroom bay and forecourt house located in Catisfield Road Milton. This house is a good size and we urge an internal viewing. Some updating is required . Entrance hallway, living room and separate dining room, fitted kitchen and sun room at the rear opening on the rear garden. To the 1st fl..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** Located in a popular residential area close to local shops, schools and bus services, together with with the college and Baffins Pond nearby too, this TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM terraced house makes a truly delightful family home. The spacious accommodation is well..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY Days estates Southsea are delighted to welcome to the market , this three double bedroom mid terrace house in the much sought after Copythorn road. The property is being offered with no forward chain and boasts separate lounge,downstairs WC fitted kitchen, dining and co..."
"Requested location, Ideal family home or investment buy. Three double bedrooms, two reception rooms, Bay and forecourt. Call to book a viewing today."
**The Old Portsmouth Gaol – Own Your Own Piece of Local History!** HMP Kingston was built in 1877 and has had a varied history. In 1965 capital punishment for was abolished and Kingston began exclusively holding inmates serving life sentences. Kingston Prison became the only priso...
"Great sized modern seventh floor apartment with en-suite shower room, allocated parking and secure intercom access. Situated close to the historic dockyard and Gunwharf Quays. Stunning views of the sea."
"This two bedroom ground floor apartment is situated in this popular central Southsea residential block on a quiet, no-through road and has the benefit of an allocated parking space, brick built storage/cycle shed and a patio terrace. The apartment could be of interest to first time buyers, buy to..."
"Prime SEAFRONT location with delightful outlook towards Southsea Common for this purpose-built, well-appointed, TWO BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT benefitting from allocated parking, lift service, equipped kitchen/breakfast room, secure entry, double-glazing and communal central heating.
"
"Well presented THREE BEDROOM family home close to local amenities and primary school comprising: entrance hall, 23ft lounge/diner, kitchen, lean-to/utility room, FIRST FLOOR BATHROOM and enclosed low maintenance rear garden."
"A fantastic opportunity with bags of potential, this two bedroom house started life as a three bedroom with the third bedroom later utilised as a large first floor bathroom. Boasting a ground floor extension which houses a utility room and w/c, there is potential to move the bathroom from the fir..."
"We are very excited to bring to the market a brilliant one bedroom apartment in the heart of the Gunwharf Quays. Formally HMS Vernon, the land has now been redeveloped into luxury apartments and a top of the range outlet shopping center. This is a unique opportunity to purchase a canal fa..."
"** POPULAR ROAD AND A CHAIN FREE HOME ** We are thrilled to offer this three bedroom terraced house in the ever popular Norman Road. The home is offered chain free and available to be moved in as soon as required Once inside, you'll find some great size accommodation, starting ..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £274,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £415,000"
"Currently rented at £1050pcm - this two bedroom basement apartment is located in the imposing and architecturally pleasing, Lennox Mansions, Southsea. Located right on the seafront and moments away from Palmerstone Road, this surprisingly spacious property offers a wealth of benefits and co..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £271,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £410,000"
*CHAIN FREE* We are pleased to bring to the market this spacious three bedroom mid-terraced property in Fratton. In our opinion this property is a must see and perfect for first time buyers and investors alike please call us on to schedule a viewing.
"THREE BEDROOM HOME WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN IN HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER ROAD! With the lovely Bransbury Park at the end of the road, this double bay fronted home is sure to attract early interest! Glasgow Road is excellently positioned for access out of the city, several well regarded schools, Milton sho..."
"We are delighted to bring to the market this spacious, three bedroom, mid-terraced property located in Lynton Grove, Baffins. Well presented throughout, accommodation comprises two reception rooms measuring 15ft & 19ft respectively, a 12ft fitted kitchen and a WC to the ground floor. First fl..."
"Bosham Road, Copnor. This well presented, terraced house is available for sale with Jeffries & Dibbens of Portsmouth and viewings can be arranged strictly by appointment. Accommodation comprises three bedrooms to the first floor including a 13' master, in addition to a modern family bathroom...."
"***THREE BEDROOMS & OFF ROAD PARKING***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** We are delighted to offer to the sales market, this wonderful investment opportunity to purchase a three bedroom house in the highly desired Copnor location, which comes with the huge added bonus of a double garage! many of the co..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this GROUND FLOOR apartment situated in the highly requested former Garrisons Barracks of Pembroke Park, a private gated estate just a few hundred yards from Southsea SEAFRONT. The apartment is also located within a sh..."
Nestled in a popular location in Portsmouth lies this stunning three bedroom mid-terrace bay and forecourt house which has been modernised throughout making it perfect for a family. Please call today to arrange a viewing to avoid disappointment.
"Walk on into this terraced house and feel at home instantly, a home that is simply ready to move into straight away. Main line train station in all directions and central Albert Road, Palmerston Road and Southsea seafront and beach close by."
***NO ONWARD CHAIN***THREE BEDROOMS***REAR PEDESTRIAN ACCESS***GOOD LOCATION***NEEDS UPGRADING***VIRTUAL 360 TOUR*** Much loved family house with no chain. Internal updating required. South facing garden with rear access. Great opportunity for DIY enthusiast.
"This three bedroom, Bay & forecourt in the popular Eastfield Road is now available to view with Lawson Rose. Potentially an ideal first time or investment purchase, the property offers a light and airy sitting room with a fitted kitchen/ dining area, four piece bathroom suite plus a handy sid..."
**CHAIN FREE & GARAGE** We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious Victorian style three bedroom mid-terraced property in the highly sought after location of Baffins.
"This beautiful terraced property located in the popular area of Copnor, is the perfect family home. Boasting a brand new kitchen, all the hard work is done for you, allowing the new owners to enjoy their new home straight away."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: Three bedroom terraced house in central portsmouth location, with easy access to M275 and M27 this property would make the ideal first time buy or investment purchase. "
"**No Onward Chain* This stunning 2 bedroom property benefits from a balcony, a garage and is perfectly situated withing the Port Solent development with its many shops , restaurants and amenities with great access to Portsmouth City Centre and the M27. "
A large family home situated in the popular location of Copnor. It provides the perfect opportunity for the new owner to put their own stamp on their new home or as a great investment opportunity. Please call the office today to arrange a viewing.
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN!*** Well presented, FOUR BEDROOM mid terrace house situated in the ever popular location of Twyford Avenue and offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! Arranged over three floors, the spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, open plan 22' approx dining/sitting room, downstairs bat..."
"Offered with no forward chain, we are pleased to bring to market this stunning 3 bedroom terraced house located on Velder Avenue, Southsea. As a whole, this property requires no additional work and would be ideal for first time buyers or families looking to upsize. Call us now to arrange a viewing."
"** IMPRESSIVE APARTMENT WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE OF SOUTHSEA SEAFRONT ** We are delighted to bring to market this wonderful first floor apartment tucked just off Southsea seafront. Situated in popular Granada Road, this converted property offers that perfect blend of space,, original feat..."
We are delighted to bring to the market this 5-bedroom HMO with full licence based in the centre of Portsmouth in a convenient location that is close to local amenities and transport routes. The property is situated above a barbers that only operates during the hours of 9-5.
This three bedroom house can be found in a great spot just behind the Kings Theatre. In need of modest improvement.
***CHAIN FREE*** We are thrilled to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom mid-terrace property located within the heart of Portsmouth.
"IDEAL FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS, PORTSMOUTH HARBOUR TRAIN STATION AND GUNWHARF QUAYS: ALLOCATED PARKING: Two bedroom Third floor apartment in popular location with allocated parking and walking distance to local amenities this property would make..."
"** CHAIN FREE TERRACED HOME IN POPULAR LOCATION ** We are delighted to bring to the market this terraced house situated in Talbot Road. Offered chain free, this good size home offers a fantastic opportunity for either a First Time Buyer, mover or investor to secure a great property. ..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: Three bedroom terraced house in popular Southsea location, within walking distance to local shops, bus routes and sold with a tenants in situ this property would mak..."
"IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO TRANSPORT LINKS: Three bedroom single bay and forecourt terraced house. To the ground floor you will find lounge, kitchen and dining room, downstairs WC, conservatory with a door leading out to the enclosed rear garden. "
"***THREE BEDROOM - BAY&FORECOURT*** We are delighted to introduce to the market, this very well presented three bedroom mid-terrace property in the heart of the sought after area of Balfour Road. On entry to the property, you are greeted by a large, bright and airy entrance hal..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this very large FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOM TOWN HOUSE IN THE HEART OF PO1. Extremely popular with investors and families alike, this house offers spacious accommodation with its own off road parking (a rarity in Portsmouth!) Entering past the off road ..."
"Situated in the heart of North End lies this three bedroom mid-terraced family home which has been modernised in certain areas. The property benefits from two reception rooms, fitted kitchen, low maintenance rear garden and upstairs bathroom. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappointment."
"Deceptive three bedroom terraced house offered with a COMPLETE ONWARD CHAIN. Extended & well presented throughout, benefitting from a driveway and large south facing rear garden with summer house. Conveniently located in Paulsgrove close to QA hospital, local shops, schools & the M27"
"This charming two bedroom terraced property in Goodwood Road is well presented throughout and should be considered for those looking to move to a central Southsea Location. Moments away from Albert Road, this tastefully finished home provides an open plan living space with a stylish contemporary ..."
"This well presented, two bedroom terraced property with a separate study room on Trevor Road is now available to view with Lawson Rose. Moments away from local amenities on Albert Road, the property provides a spacious open plan living room with a fitted kitchen, side lean too/ utility area plus ..."
"Beal's are delighted to welcome to market this stunning three bedroom bay and forecourt mid-terrace family home in the heart of Portsmouth. The property is perfect for a family having ample living space throughout including two reception rooms, conservatory, modern kitchen and bathroom and a low ..."
"OFF ROAD PARKING! Jeffries & Dibbens are excited to bring to the market this two bedroom, semi-detached property located in Strode Road, Stamshaw. Built in 1936 over an old orchard, this property has a lot of character. Accommodation on offer comprises two reception rooms, a modern fitted kit..."
Immaculately presented two double bedroom first floor flat with balcony and allocated parking space in excellent location within walking distance of Portsmouth Harbour train station and ferry port. This apartment is an EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY and comes with the added bonus of being full...
"We are delighted to offer for sale, this three bedroom, terraced property located in Preston Road, North End. Ideally suited to first time or investment buyers, this property offers a selection of benefits. Accommodation comprises two reception rooms and a modern-fitted kitchen to the ground floo..."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this beautifully presented TWO BEDROOM apartment situated on the third floor of this highly requested, modern tower block located within the Southsea seafront CONSERVATION AREA enjoying south westerly views over Southsea Common and The Ladies Mile. The main ..."
"OFF ROAD PARKING! This two-bedroom property has off road parking and is being offered with no forward chain! Located on the popular Methuen Road, this terraced home could be well suited to a first-time buyer or perhaps someone looking to downsize and offers two separate reception rooms plus a mod..."
"************* HMO Investment Opportunity**************
Let to 4 Persons - Located with in the requested University district of ""Somers Town"" this period property offers accommodation over three levels, comprises fitted kitchen, communal lounge, four double bedrooms, a family bathroom an..."
"This four DOUBLE BEDROOM Period property is located in the university district of Somers town. Internally the accommodation is set over three floors and comprises of a fitted kitchen, lounge, four bedrooms, family bathroom and a loft room. Additional benefits come in the form of double glazing an..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this good size well presented TWO BEDROOM TERRACED HOME set within the ever popular 'Anchorage Park' The house enjoys off road parking, spacious rooms and is positioned in a quiet and peaceful cul-de-sac. Internally, the accommodation has a ..."
"TWO BEDROOM HOME WITH LARGE GARDEN & NO FORWARD CHAIN! This mid terraced, bay and forecourt home can be found along Westfield Road, Southsea, a popular residential location within the PO4 postcode. Offered with no forward chain, the property itself has been recently decorated with new carpet..."
"We are pleased to present this well presented, semi-detached house in Almondsbury Road, Paulsgrove to the market. Offered in great condition throughout, accommodation briefly comprises large lounge, kitchen/diner, conservatory, three bedrooms, modern fitted shower room and a loft room. You will f..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom, terraced property located in Pitcroft Road, North End. Ideally suited to first time or investment buyers, this property offers a selection of benefits. Ground floor accommodation comprises a 28ft lounge/dining room, a 22ft kitchen/diner, with t..."
"Three bedroom EXTENDED bedroom terraced house location in a Cul -de-Sac location in Tipner. This property is well presented and must be seen internally. Living room, extended kitchen/dining room and utility storage area, and modern bathroom. The 1st floor consists of: Master bedroom with fitte..."
Walk on into this terraced house and feel at home instantly. Good space throughout and ready to move into straight away and enjoy. Sunny aspect low maintenance rear garden to be enjoyed in those summer months.
"Offered with no forward chain! This three bedroom mid-terraced bay and forecourt property is currently undergoing work. nestled in a quiet road the property benefits from a lounge to the front, open plan kitchen/dining area and an upstairs bathroom. Arrange a viewing today to avoid disappointment."
"TWO BEDROOM, GROUND FLOOR SEAFRONT APARTMENT! A well-presented property which offers the space and scope to tailor the accommodation to the new owners needs, combined with a location that is second to none. Lennox Road South is situated just off Clarence Parade, close by to all that Southsea has ..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom, mid-terraced property located in Queens Road, North End. The spacious accommodation on offer comprises two reception rooms, a modern fitted kitchen, a modern fitted downstairs bathroom, plus three bedrooms. Additional ben..."
"Well-presented three bedroom end of terrace house located in Portsmouth and offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN ! Offering spacious rooms, plus the benefit of a sun room and downstairs cloakroom. The front door and most of the windows have been replaced by current owners they have also added new carpet..."
"An immaculately presented terraced house located just off Fawcett Road in a quiet no through road. This lovely home has been refurbished to a high standard and offers contemporary styled interiors ready to move straight into. The ground floor contains a spacious lounge/diner, mo..."
* Three bedroom house with upstairs bathroom * We are delighted to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom house in the heart of Portsmouth.
"Spacious and well-presented family home located in Stamshaw Rd. This property must be seen internally to appreciate the size on offer! Living room 22'4 x 13'1, downstairs shower room and fitted kitchen/breakfast room 20'8 x 8'6. To the 1st floor there are two double bedrooms, modern bathroom and ..."
*INVESTMENT BUYERS ONLY* We are delighted to be offering for sale a three bedroom apartment located in Central Southsea and close to the Sea front.
We have pleasure in marketing for sale this well presented and deceptively SPACIOUS ground floor apartment with its own PRIVATE entrance situated in a very convenient central Southsea location directly opposite Southsea Common and the SEAFRONT. The main shopping facilities are within easy walking...
"This three bedroom, bay & forecourt property is in a popular pocket of Southsea and is being offered with no forward chain! Situated on Bath Road, this property could make for an ideal first time or family home, as it offers two separate reception rooms, plus a modern kitchen that overlooks t..."
"Well presented terraced house located just off Fawcett Road. This lovely home has been refurbished and offers contemporary styled interiors. The ground floor comprises a spacious lounge/diner, modern fitted kitchen and a shower room, along with a small utility room with access to th..."
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this NEWLY REFURBISHED THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME IN THE HEART OF NORTH END. Every aspect of this property has been modernised to accommodate todays discerning buyer and comes to the market offering no forward chain so speed of sale is definitely ...
"** THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** CLOSE TO LOCAL SHOPS ** SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION ** We are please to bring to the sales market this bay and forecourt, mid terraced house in the popular location of Baffins, Portsmouth. Situated just a short walk from shops, Schools/College and Baffins Pond it i..."
TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH ALLOCATED PARKING! An opportunity to purchase an apartment in the popular Admiralty Quarter Development. This well-presented two bedroom apartment is situated on the fourth floor of Unicorn House with a westerly aspect balcony and views over the lovely communal gardens....
"GARAGE*! We are delighted to offer for sale this three double bedroom, end of terrace property located in Whitworth Road, Copnor. Accommodation comprises a 20ft kitchen/dining room, a 12ft reception room, a four piece downstairs bathroom, with three bedrooms and a W.C to the first floor. The gard..."
"END OF TERRACE & POTENTIAL FOR OFF ROAD PARKING! This three double bedroom, end of terrace property makes an excellent addition to the sales market and is offered for sale by our Portsmouth branch. With NO FORWARD CHAIN, accommodation comprises two reception rooms and a 28ft kitchen/dining ro..."
"Jeffries & Dibbens are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, end of terrace property in Stamshaw Road, Stamshaw. Well presented throughout, this property offers a selection of benefits and is complimented with gas central heating and double glazing throughout. Ground floor accommoda..."
"Allocated Parking & no forward chain! A unique opportunity to acquire this rarely available top floor duplex apartment stunning views across the city, within the popular development of Frensham Court. Close to local amenities and not far from Fratton Station, the property is at the end of an ..."
"A two bedroom rarely available third floor front aspect retirement apartment with panoramic Common, Solent and Isle of Wight views."
"We are pleased to present this two bedroom terraced house situated in Collingwood Road, Southsea."
We are delighted to bring to the market this pleasant two bedroom terraced property in Newcomen Road in Portsmouth.
"Amazing and rarely available is this high return investment two bedroom maisonette in a prominent Southsea location, walking distance to the shops and seafront. Refurbished and furnished to an extremely high standard, allocated parking, AST professional tenants on £1,295 per month plus all bills...."
"This large property in the desirable area of Copnor is not to be missed. Neutrally decorated , light and airy, it requires no work for the new owner to move straight into."
"**VIEW OUR 360 VIRTUAL TOUR** We have the pleasure of marketing for sale this two bedroom ground floor apartment situated in the HIGHLY REQUESTED marina complex of Gunwharf Quays. A short stroll to the many designer shops, bars, restaurants and leisure facilities in Gunwharf, this property is als..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom, terraced property located in Bosham Road, Copnor. Ground floor accommodation comprises two reception rooms, a fitted kitchen, a conservatory, a downstairs W.C and a utility cupboard. The first floor consists of three bedrooms ..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £251,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £380,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £251,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £380,000"
"** SOLD WITH TENANT IN SITU ** A fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious two bedroom apartment located just a short stroll from Southsea seafront and Palmerston Road shopping precinct with its array of shops, bars & restaurants. Located on the top floor, this property ha..."
** THREE BEDROOMS ** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS ** We are delighted to welcome to the market this three bedroom property in the sought after location of Winstanley Road. The property would make a great family home/first time purchase or buy to let investment. The ground floor is comp...
** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this very SPACIOUS one bedroom apartment conveniently situated on the first floor of this LUXURIOUS retirement complex located on Southsea sea front. Designed for the over 70's with residents benefiting from McCarth...
"***GUIDE PRICE £240,00-£250,000***We are delighted to offer for sale this lovely extended semi-detached family home situated in the popular location of Deerhurst Crescent which is close to a wide range of local amenities and transport links."
Chain Free! Bosham Road is located in the heart of Portsmouth North End. This spacious property would suit a growing family perfectly.
"We are thrilled to welcome to the sales market, this two bedroom terraced house located in the sought after area of Southsea, within walking distance of local amenities including Fratton Train Station Benefitting from a refurbishment to an excellent standard including a new kitchen and b..."
"This is a three bedroom house that would make an ideal first time buy or family home, showing plenty of potential through out and has a south-facing garden, so please call us to book your viewing!"
"AJM Estates are delighted to offer to the open market for sale this THREE bedroom terraced house in central Cosham. Situated within close proximity to all the local shops and amenities on offer in the busy High Street shopping centre. The property also offers easy access to Cosham train station, ..."
"This well-proportioned two bedroom first floor flat in central southsea has off road allocated parking and is now available to view with Lawson Rose. Situated on Marmion Road, moments away from local bars, restaurants and shops, the property could make for an ideal first time or investment purcha..."
"Days estates Southsea are delighted to welcome to the market this three bedroom mid terrace house in the popular location of Shearer road , Portsmouth. The property is being offered with no forward chain and boasts two reception rooms and a kitchen on the ground floor, then moving upstairs you ..."
"TO BE SOLD BY PUBLIC AUCTION 25 MAY 2023. GUIDE PRICE:  £200,000-£250,000. Of interest to end-users, developers and investors:  the individual and highly speculative DETACHED FORMER CHURCH HALL (187 sq m approx) with much potential.
"
"Offered for sale with No Forward Chain, this 3 Bedroom House in Lime Grove, Paulsgrove also has the fantastic benefit of a Garage. With a West Facing Garden, 2 Reception Rooms, upstairs bathroom and downstairs cloakroom, this property also benefits from Double Glazing and Gas Central Heating. ..."
"*SPACIOUS THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME* We are delighted to introduce this spacious three bedroom, family home in the sought after location of Langford Road."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have the pleasure of marketing for sale this two bedroom second floor apartment located in the heart of central Southsea. Situated a short stroll from Palmerston Road and its many shops, bars, cafes and restaurants. Also a short walk to SOUTHSEA SEAFRONT ..."
"TWO BEDROOMS, SOUTH FACING GARDEN AND NO FORWARD CHAIN! This traditional bay and forecourt home can be found in the popular residential pocket of Westfield Road, Southsea. Situated within close proximity to Eastney Road shopping areas, Bransbury Park and the seafront so this property is not to be..."
"** NEW TO THE MARKET ** ** CLOSE TO SHOPS, RESTAURANTS AND BARS ** ** PERFECT FIRST PURCHASE ** This first floor THREE BEDROOM apartment is conveniently located in the heart of Southsea. Somewhat of a rarity benefitting from three bedrooms this would make a great work from home solution ..."
"***STUNNING APARTMENT...FULLY REFURBISHED*** Having benefitted from a thorough refurbishment and dressed to a beautiful standard, this luxury apartment is being offered with no forward chain and hence would make a wonderful home, as well as a buy-to-let investment This first flo..."
"Chain Free! This spacious mid-terraced bay and forecourt property would definitely suit both investors and first time buyers. Ernest Road is close to shops, schools, travel links and town centre."
"***NICELY PRESENTED***TWO BEDROOMS***CONVENIENT LOCATION***REAR PEDSTRIAN ACCESS***SOUTH FACING GARDEN***360 VIRTUAL TOUR*** A lovely two bedroomed house, ready to move in with a south facing garden which has rear pedestrian access. Perfect for an investor or FTB."
"This FOUR BEDROOM bay and forecourt proeprty is situated within a short walk from the many local restaurants, bars and shops that North End has to offer. The property is also conveniently located close to local schools, bus routes and the M275 motorway. The accommodation comprises; entrance hallw..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this REFURBISHED and deceptively spacious three bedroom GARDEN APARTMENT situated in this popular central location just a short walk to Southsea Seafront, the main shopping precinct at Palmerston Road and FASHIONABLE di..."
"**NO FORWARD CHAIN** NEXA Properties are delighted to be offering this three bedroom linked semi detached house situated on Eastney Road, Southsea."
Spacious two bedroom mid-terrace property in the heart of Portsmouth with garage to rear.
"We are delighted to introduce to the sales market, this fantastic two bedroom, end of terrace property set back in a quiet cul-de-sac This wonderful property would make an ideal purchase for first time buyers, being neutrally decorated throughout no work is needed, you would simply need ..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this two bedroom end of terrace house situated in the cul-de-sac location of Norwich Road, Wymering. The property benefits from a modern fitted kitchen with integrated appliances and a modern white bathroom suite. Other benefits include gas central heating and d..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £255,000- £260,000*** We are proud to present this spacious three bedroom family home located in the heart of Portsmouth."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! LARGE CELLAR, GREAT POTENTIAL! This bay & forecourt property located in a popular residential Southsea Location. In need of some general moderisation, the property provides a spacious open plan living area, along with a fitted kitchen, downstairs W/C and a conservatory that ..."
"This stylish and eye-catching terraced property in Holland Road is now available to view with Lawson Rose. Offered with no forward chain, the property provides a brilliant open plan living space with a contemporary fitted kitchen and stylish bathroom suite at the rear. Ground floor has been recen..."
"Landlord to Landlord sale of this purpose built two bedroomed first floor apartment located in central Southsea in the immediate vicinity of the Palmerston Road shopping centre and the Albert Road shopping and entertainment area. The accommodation comprises entrance hall, a living room of which ..."
Mid terraced house - No forward chain. - Two Double Bedrooms - Two Separate Reception Rooms. Modern Fitted Kitchen and Bathroom. DG & GCH Landscaped Rear Garden. Ideal Starter Home or Long Term Rental Investment. View Today..? 
"OFF ROAD PARKING! Jeffries & Dibbens are pleased to offer for sale this two bedroom, mid-terraced property located in Warspite Close, Hilsea. Accommodation on offer comprises a 13ft lounge, a 12ft kitchen/diner, an upstairs family bathroom, plus two bedrooms. Additional benefits include doubl..."
"Prime SEAFRONT location with DELIGHTFUL OUTLOOK ACROSS SOUTHSEA COMMON for this purpose-built TWO BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT having lift service, secure entry, wide sun balcony, double-glazing, and non-allocated residents' parking; keenly priced to reflect the NEED FOR GENERAL MODERNISA..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £248,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £375,000"
"This two bedroom, mid terraced property is located close to local shops and amenities and is being offered with no forward chain! Situated on Middlesex Road, we believe this could make for an ideal first time or investment purchase as the property offers two separate reception rooms, a modern bat..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this large TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT in the very heart of SOUTHSEA with GARAGE and private PARKING. Close to Southsea Shopping Centre, Waitrose many coffee shops, restaurants and bars this location cant be beaten. The seafront is a short..."
"This traditional two bedroom terrace is offered to the market in an immaculate condition after being tastefully improved by the current owner. The light and airy accommodation comprises; bay fronted lounge with feature fireplace, separate dining room with large under stairs storage cupboard, a fi..."
"This two bedroom, bay & forecourt terraced property is a short walk from Fratton Station, has an upstairs bathroom plus its being offered with no forward chain! Situated on Jessie Road, we believe this property could make for an ideal first time or investment purchase, offering a lounge with ..."
***THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS***UPSTAIRS BATHROOM***UPGRADING POTENTIAL***GOOD LOCATION***
A rare opportunity to own a terraced home on Whale Island Way. This well proportioned home is going to be perfect for investors and first time buyers alike.
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: INVESTMENT OPPERTUNITY SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: Three bedroom terraced house in popular location, with a tenant in situ this property would make the ideal investment purchase. To the ground floor your..."
"**REDUCED IN PRICE** I am pleased to present to the market this immaculate, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM house to the market. This property has recently been redecorated throughout and is being offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN, therefore making it the ideal first time buy or a buy to let property. Close to ..."
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We have pleasure in marketing for sale this CHARMING apartment situated on the GROUND FLOOR of this beautiful Grade ll Listed Victorian terrace within sight of Southsea seafront and just around the corner from the main shopping facilities and the many bars, ..."
"No forward chain, two bedrooms, bay and forecourt and on a cul-de-sac road, this property would make a great first time buy or family purchase with enough room to add your own stamp to it! Please call us now."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN!*** Well presented TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM mid terrace house situated in the ever popular location of Middlesex Road, Southsea. The spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, dining room, living room, modern bathroom & kitchen. Upstairs are two good sized double bedrooms. ..."
"Chain Free! This beautiful apartment is situated within walking distance to the seafront. It is in good condition throughout and has a sunny aspect. The property has a secured intercom access, tripled glazed windows and storage heaters. Please call the office today to arrange a viewing."
"Enjoy the space in this two bedroom apartment, featuring a light & spacious open-plan kitchen, dining & living space, a double bedroom, and a single bedroom with a separate bathroom.
This apartment has plenty of storage space to take advantage of."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to offer for sale, this three double bedrooms, terraced residence located in Balliol Road, Buckland. Close to local amenities and offered with no onward chain, this property offers a selection of benefits to the discerning buyer. Accommodation comprises a 22ft r..."
"PRIME SEAFRONT LOCATION for this purpose-built  TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT with allocated car space, secure entry, replacement double-glazing, gas central heating, and pleasant outlook.  Keenly priced to allow for some attention.
"
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: REFURBISHED THROUGHOUT TO A HIGH STANDARD: IDEAL INVESTMENT SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: Three bedroom double bay terraced house within walking distance to local shops and transport links, this property would make th..."
* NO FORWARD CHAIN * We are delighted to welcome to market this stunning two bedroom house in the highly sought after location of Copnor. This property is finished to such a high standard and is a must see.
"We are pleased to welcome to the market this three bedroom mid terraced property located in Leominster Road, Paulsgrove. This home is well presented throughout and would make the perfect first time purchase. The layout downstairs consists of an entrance porch, large lounge roo..."
"TWO BEDROOMS, WEST FACING GARDEN & NO FORWARD CHAIN! This two bedroom semi-detached property can be found south of Albert Road in Leopold Street, Southsea. The internal accommodation comprises; lounge, kitchen/diner and bathroom on the ground floor. With two double bedrooms to the first floor..."
"TWO BEDROOM HOME WITH WEST FACING GARDEN! This mid terraced home can be found in the ever popular Londesborough Road, Southsea, with the train station and local amenities only a short walk away. The well-presented accommodation comprises separate lounge with exposed staircase, dining room, modern..."
"*** MODERN THREE BEDROOM PROPERTY WITH PARKING*** We are delighted to be welcoming to the market this beautiful and modern, three bedroom, mid-terrace home, in a sought after and central location, in close proximity to local amenities Ideal for Investors, first time buyers and ..."
"ATTENTION INVESTORS Days Estates Southsea are delighted to welcome to the market this 2 bedroom home in the sought after area of Aylesbury Road, Copnor, Portsmouth. The property is in good decorative order and boasts two double bedrooms, two reception rooms , a fitted kitchen and bathroom. ..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN!*** THREE BEDROOM bay & forecourt, mid terrace house situated in the ever popular location of Nelson Avenue offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! The spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, living room with bay window, dining room with bay window, kitchen & bathroom. U..."
"*** CHAIN FREE*** We are delighted to welcome to market this three bedroom house in the heart of North End, Portsmouth."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES IN AND OUT OF THE CITY: Two bedroom terraced house in popular Milton location, within a short walk to local shops and bus routes in and out of the city this property would make ..."
*** NO FORWARD CHAIN *** TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** OPEN PLAN LIVING SPACE *** MID TERRACE *** BRILLIANT LOCATION *** CURRENTLY LET OUT *** GAS CENTRAL HEATING *** DOUBLE GLAZING THROUGHOUT *** MUST SEE ***
• No Forward Chain • Walking Distance to QA Hospital • Allocated Parking • Two Double Bedrooms • Enclosed Rear Garden • Modern Fitted Kitchen
***LAST FEW APARTMENTS REMAINING*** HMP Kingston was built in 1877 and has had a varied history. In 1965 capital punishment for was abolished and Kingston began exclusively holding inmates serving life sentences. Kingston Prison became the only prison in England and Wales to have ...
" This three bedroom bay and forecourt family home is located in a popular part of North End. The interior comprises of; entrance porch, living room, a spacious and open plan kitchen diner spanning in excess of 27ft, with side bay window to complete the ground floor. Upstairs holds three bedroom..."
"***NO CHAIN*** **investors only** Based within the highly sought-after location of Southsea, is a beautifully presented two-bedroom semi-detached property, located within walking distance, or a short drive from various amenities, shops, train stations, and local schools. This home is per..."
"The Ambersham is a flexible 2 bedroom apartment designed for sociable living. The open-plan kitchen, lounge and dining area is the perfect space to entertain friends and family and also benefits from a juliet balcony welcoming plenty of natural light. This modern apartment hosts a large double be..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom, terraced property in Westbourne Road, Copnor. The property offers a selection of benefits to the discerning buyer. Accommodation comprises two reception rooms, a fitted 10ft kitchen and a conservatory leading to a fully-enclosed, rear garden. A..."
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, SOUTH FACING GARDEN & NO FORWARD CHAIN! New to the market is this well-presented Victorian, mid terraced home with southerly facing rear garden. The property is situated along Cleveland road, Southsea, close to local amenities in Fawcett Road, Fratton train station and ot..."
"*HILL SLOPE LOCATION IDEAL FOR WALKS* *VIEWS ACROSS PORTSMOUTH & PORTCHESTER HARBOUR* AJM Estates are delighted to offer for sale this nicely presented three bedroom semi-detached house in the Paulsgrove area of Portsmouth. Situated in a hill slope location, ideal for walks and benefits from v..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, terraced property located in Cardiff Road, North End. This property makes a suitable first time or investment purchase and provides a selection of benefits. Ground floor accommodation comprises two reception rooms and a fitted kitchen, with a..."
Offered with no forward chain! Beals are delighted to welcome this two bedroom mid terrace house with a C4 license currently let to three students earning £1250 PCM. Arrange a viewing today to avoid missing out.
NO FORWARD CHAIN: INVESTMENT OPPERTUNITY SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU: EASY ACCESS TO EASTERN ROAD: OFF ROAD PARKING: Two bedroom terraced house in popular anchorage park location sold with tenants in situ providing a yield of 5.7% this property would make the ideal investment opportunit...
Situated along Malta Road in Buckland this three-bedroom end of terrace property holds great potential for anyone looking to buy their first home or invest into a solid BTL property. Call us today to get booked in on .
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £235,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £355,000"
Set in a quiet spot this two bedroom house offers...wait for it...a large upstairs bathroom! And its in a really quiet little road. Offered for sale with no forward chain. Click for more details.
"81ft SOUTH FACING GARDEN & NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom, terraced property located in Winchester Road, Buckland. Well presented throughout, this property offers a selection of benefits. Accommodation comprises two reception rooms, a fitted shower roo..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND CLOSE TO LOCAL TRAIN STATION: Two bedroom end of terraced house in central Portsmouth location, within walking distance to local shops, cafes and close to Fratton Train Station this propert..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY Days estates Southsea , are delighted to welcome to the market this two double bedroom top floor flat in the much sought after location of Norfolk street , Southsea. The property is being offered with no forward chain , and will have a new lease extension ready for the..."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this immaculately presented 2 bedroom split level apartment located within minutes of the seafront and Canoe Lake. The accommodation comprises a good size lounge with bay window and fireplace, fitted kitchen, white bathroom suite and 2 bedrooms. The property ..."
Offered with no forward chain! Beal's are delighted to welcome to market this three bedroom mid-terrace house with fantastic living space and a garage to the rear. Arrange a viewing today to avoid missing out
We are thrilled to welcome to market this spacious three bedroom house in the heart of Portsmouth. This property is being offered with no forward chain so is a must see.
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this fabulous TWO BEDROOM mid Terrace house (which was formerly a THREE bed) in the heart of Fratton. Modern throughout making this a perfect first time buyer purchase or perhaps investment property the house has been well looked after. The rear...
"Situated within the heart of Southsea this two bedroom home will make an ideal first time buy, family home or investment. Demand will be high so book your viewing now !"
"**PERFECT FIRST TIME PURCHASE ** NO FORWARD CHAIN** IDEAL BTL OPPORTUNITY ** We are delighted to introduce to the sales market, this spacious two bedroom, mid terrace property in a central Portsmouth location Internally, the ground floor consists of a large lounge/diner, measur..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this well presented 3 bedroom family home. This property is located in a popular area Fratton, which is in central Portsmouth. Viewings are highly recommended to avoid disappointment. Call the team to book your viewing today. COUNC..."
***THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS***INTERIOR UPGRADE OPPORTUNITY***LOW MAINTENANCE GARDEN***GOOD CITY LOCATION***360 VIRTUAL TOUR** An opportunity to create a new contemporary interior in this city home. In good condition but could be transformed over time.
"We are pleased to bring to the market this 1 bedroom first floor apartment located in the Craneswater Park vicinity which is a short walk to Southsea Seafront, Canoe Lake, Palmerston Road Shopping Precinct, Albert Road, bars, restaurants, cafes, supermarkets and bus routes. The accommodation comp..."
"Two bedroom terraced house located in a great location just off the High Street in Cosham. All local shops, bars, restaurants and the train station are all within minutes walking distance. This property does require some updating but offers good size living accommodation. Other benefits include..."
 A TWO BEDROOM RETIREMENT APARTMENT SITUATED ON THE THIRD FLOOR BENEFITING FROM A BATHROOM AND A SEPARATE CLOAKROOM Holmbush Court was constructed by McCarthy & Stone (Developments) Ltd and comprises 97 properties arranged over 4 floors each served by lift. Holmbush Court is conveniently l...
"AN IDEAL FIRST TIME OR INVESTMENT PURCHASE. A two bedroom middle terrace house located in Stamshaw, Portsmouth. This property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating system, lounge, kitchen/dining room, utility room, first floor bathroom, enclosed rear garden, bay and forecourt, and OFF..."
"CENTRAL LOCATION AND FULLY MODERNISED!! If you are first time buyer looking to move straight into a mid-terraced house, then please call us to view this great opportunity!"
Set in the sought after location of Copnor this two bedroom property has no onward chain. The property is walking distance from shops and local amenities and Southsea seafront is a short commute away including Gun Wharf Quays. Lynn Road would suit a first time buyer or an investor so call us on 0...
"Situated on a spacious corner plot with potential to extend (subject to consents), is this two double bedroom end of terrace house. The property has been recently redecorated and is offered with no onward chain. Amongst many benefits the property has a excellent sized garden, gas heating, double ..."
"A three bedroom, three reception room, mid terrace single bay and forecourt house situated close to Bransbury Park, Eastney Road shops and Eastney Seafront in meed of modernisation offered For Sale with no forward chain."
"POTENTIAL FOR OFF ROAD PARKING! This terraced property located in Byerley Road, Fratton is available for sale with Jeffries & Dibbens of Portsmouth and offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN. The property has been thoroughly refurbished throughout (works completed in February 2023) and offers two doub..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this desirable ""Starter Home"" in the highly sort after area of Portsmouth. Glencoe Road is a very central location close to public transport, local shops, schools and main arterial roads into and out of the city. This home comes to market ready ..."
"IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES IN AN OUT THE CITY: EASY ACCESS TO M275/M27 Two bedroom single bay and forecourt terraced house within walking distance to local shops, Mountbatten centre and bus routes in and out of the city, th..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! We are pleased to offer for sale this two double bedroom, terraced property located in Clive Road, Fratton. Ground floor accommodation comprises a 25ft reception room, a fitted kitchen and a downstairs W.C/utility room. The first floor consists of a family bathroom and two doub..."
"Luxury two bed apartment situated to the first floor of this detached,converted Victorian period house circa 1890. The apartment occupies the entire level beyond the stairwell and blends period architecture with contemporary styling,. The property can be offered with vacant possession no forward ..."
"GARAGE! We are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom, terraced property located in Ranelagh Road, Stamshaw. In addition to three bedrooms to the first floor, accommodation comprises a 20ft living room/diner, a downstairs WC, a family bathroom and a 15ft fitted kitchen. Added benefits inclu..."
We are pleased to bring to the market this 1 bedroom apartment with allocated parking. Offered with a share of freehold and no forward chain. Situated on the 3nd floor of this building with views overlooking Portsmouth Cathedral and towards Spinnaker Tower. The accommodation comprises a bedroom w...
"Situated in central Southsea, this traditional two bedroom terrace home provides a fantastic opportunity for a purchaser to renovate to their own taste and standards, whist adding value. The internal accommodation comprises; entrance porch, lounge, a separate reception room, bathroom and fitted k..."
"Sold with no forward chain, this traditional two bedroom bay and forecourt terrace home provides a fantastic opportunity for a purchaser to renovate to their own taste and standards, whist adding value. The internal accommodation comprises; bay fronted dining room, separate lounge with feature fi..."
NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: Two bedroom terraced house within walking distance to local shops and bus routes in and out of the city this property would make the ideal first time purchase or investmen...
"Three bedroom family home located in a popular location in Southsea. This property does require updating and is offered with no onward chain. Entrance to a great size living/dining room, large storage room, fitted kitchen and downstairs shower room. The 1st floor holds bedroom two and the top flo..."
"Offered with no forward chain is this well presented, ground floor apartment is located in Victoria Road South in central Southsea, close to local shops, bars and restaurants. Its proximity to the best Southsea has to offer means this could make for a great first time or investment opportunity. T..."
"NO CHAIN!! Three bedroom end of terraced house which has been modernised internally and externally by the current owner. The property comprises: entrance hallway, lounge, and fitted kitchen/breakfast room with doors to the rear garden. To the 1st floor there is a larger than average re fitted ..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £225,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £340,000"
"** VIEW OUR 360 DEGREE VIRTUAL TOUR ** We are delighted to offer for sale this lovely two bedroom, top floor apartment situated in a FANTASTIC central Southsea location virtually on the doorstop of the main shopping precinct with its wide choice of cafes, bars and restaurants as well as just a sh..."
A great mid terraced house located in Eastney. This property is ready for the next buyer to move in and make their own.
"Buyers Fees apply - see brochure for details. A great Terraced house not to be missed, ideal for investment. Being sold vacant, no onward chain. ""This property is for sale by the Modern Method of Auction. Should you view, offer or bid on the property, your information will be shared with the Auct..."
"STUNNING GROUND FLOOR FLAT WITH ALLOCATED PARKING AND NO FORWARD CHAIN! A beautifully presented and spacious two bedroom apartment situated within the well regarded Admirals House along Gisors Road. Found on the ground floor within this exclusive Berkeley development, the accommodation comprises ..."
"BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT! We are excited to offer for sale this two bedroom, mid-terraced property located in Shakespeare Road, Fratton. This property has been renovated by the current owners and accommodation on offer comprises three reception rooms, the second of which opens onto the mo..."
"A well maintained bay-fronted starter/investment property in a central location offering: TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, entrance lobby, lounge, fitted kitchen with dining area, a generous first floor bathroom and delightful enclosed rear garden. "
"We are pleased to welcome to the market this two bedroom mid terrace property located in Bevis Road, Portsmouth. The property consists of a lounge room to the front with a bay window and an open plan kitchen diner to the rear. Moving upstairs there are two double bedrooms and ..."
"POTENTIAL FOR OFF ROAD PARKING! This three bedroom bay & forecourt style property is located in Twyford Avenue, Stamshaw and is offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN! Accommodation comprises three bedrooms to the first floor in addition to the family bathroom. The ground floor offers a 23' lounge/din..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £221,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £335,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £221,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £335,000"
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! This terraced hose located in Newcomen Road, Stamshaw is available with Jeffries & Dibbens. Accommodation comprises two double bedrooms to the first floor, a 23' lounge/diner, 12' modern-fitted and modern-fitted bathroom to the ground floor. Additional benefits include gas c..."
"This lovely end of terrace home offers a reception room, a fitted kitchen, three sizeable bedrooms and a three-piece bathroom. Externally, the property boasts front and rear gardens and a driveway. "
"We are thrilled to welcome to the market this spacious two bedroom mid terraced property located on Chesterfield Road, situated within the highly sought after Baffins, Portsmouth."
**TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT ** ALLOCATED PARKING - LAST COUPLE AVAILABLE** We are delighted to offer this brand new converted two bedroom apartment with allocated parking to the market. The property is ground floor and features an open plan kitchen and living room with white goods i...
"** LOVELY APARTMENT OFFERED CHAIN FREE WITH SEA VIEWS ** Situated in popular Berkeley Court, this 2 bedroom apartment joins the market and is sure to attract interest. Offered with no onward chain, this well appointed property offers a lovely blend of property and position that well suit..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND FRATTON TRAIN STATION: Two bedroom terraced house in central Fratton location, within walking distance to local shops, cafes and Fratton Train Station this property would make the ideal fir..."
"We are delighted to introduce to the market, this modern two bedroom mid-terrace property in the heart of the sought after area of Cyprus Road in close proximity to local amenities On entry to the property, you are greeted by a spacious lounge/diner which measures over 24ft and is floo..."
"We are delighted to bring you this versatile spacious home which can either be 2 double bedroom, 2 reception or 3 double bedroom and main reception now available in the heart of Portsmouth, with ease of access to local schools, shops, amenities as well as into the city centre, Southsea seafront a..."
"FOR INVESTORS ONLY
Vendors and Buyers are delighted to bring to the open market Manhattan, a one bedroom apartment situated on the ninth floor of the iconic No.1 Building in Gunwharf Quays. This sought after marina complex offers everything on your doorstep from the wide variety of designer shopp..."
***UPSTAIRS BATHROOM***TWO BEDROOMS***PAVED GARDEN***OPEN PLAN LIVING***LARGE KITCHEN***VIRTUAL 360 TOUR*** A tidy two bed house. Ready for an investor or alternatively perfect for a FTB looking for a move-in house with opportunity to personalise.
"UNSOLD AT AUCTION. CASH (ONLY) OFFERS NOW INVITED. GUIDE PRICE:  £210,000-£220,000. OF INTEREST TO BUILDERS & INVESTORS, this conveniently situated, extended FOUR BEDROOM FAMILY HOUSE, modernised in the past but NOW REQUIRING REFURBISHMENT.
"
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN & EN-SUITE!*** Well presented, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM converted character top floor apartment situated in the highly popular location of Yarborough Road offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN! The spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, storage cupboard, large 17'' approx. open ..."
"Call Mann now, dont miss out ! Beautifully presented and located in a requested location of Armory Lane in Old Portsmouth and must be seen internally. This property benefits from being light and spacious for a one bedroom flat. Entrance hallway, living room archway to fitted kitchen, maste..."
"Situated within the heart of a popular residential location of Portsmouth, this well presented mid terrace house which enjoys a westerly facing garden would make a great purchase for anyone looking to get on to the property ladder. EPC - D Council Tax Band - B Viewing..."
"This Attractive 1 bedroom Retirement Apartment in Simmonds Lodge has a Sunny South Facing Aspect. Located close to Drayton shops, Cosham High Street, QA Hospital and on the bus route to Havant, Commercial Road and Gunwharf Quays this retirement development was built in 2016 and is Modern, Welc..."
We are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom house in a popular road close to North End high street.
"***TWO BEDROOM FAMILY HOME*** We are delighted to introduce to the market, this two bedroom mid-terrace property in the heart of the sought after area of Manchester Road in close proximity to local amenities On entry to the property, you are greeted by the first reception room ..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this 3 bedroom student rental currently let for £1400pcm. Situated in a prime location with a C4 Licence it is sure to attract a great deal of interest.
"OFFERS IN EXCESS OF £220,000 ***PRICE REDUCED*** We are pleased to offer this spacious three bedroom, terraced home. The property boasts two reception rooms and an upstairs bathroom. Viewing is highly recommended, please contact Kirsty at NEXA to arrange your viewing an avoid disappointment. **NO..."
*** NO FORWARD CHAIN *** TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS *** TWO RECEPTION ROOMS *** LOW MAINTENANCE REAR GARDEN *** MID-TERRACE *** DOWNSTAIRS BATHROOM *** QUIET LOCATION *** MUST SEE *** 
"Being Sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £220,000
Cash buyers only due to bowing flank wall. Beals are delighted to welcome to market this stunning three bedroom end of terrace house in a popular location within North End. The property boasts open..."
"CLICK FOR TO VIEW OUR VIDEO TOUR - Stunning 2 Bedroom NEW BUILD apartments, NO STAMP DUTY FOR 1ST TIME BUYERS, Open plan with INTEGRATED BRAND APPLIANCES, fantastic size, OFF ROAD PARKING, energy efficient & Cost Savings"
"This ground floor apartment with modern fitted kitchen and bathroom is close to everything Southsea has to offer. This is a must see apartment, do not miss out."
"OFF ROAD PARKING IN SOUTHSEA ! Days estates Southsea are delighted to bring to the market this two bedroom mid Terrance house in the much sought after location of Kassassin Street. The property is being offered with no forward chain and benefits from a open plan lounge / kitchen, upstairs bat..."
"A modern and well appointed two double bedroom, two bathroom ground floor apartment benefiting from a private terrace and allocated parking. Offered with no forward chain."
RENOVATED ONE BEDROOM HOME WITH GARDEN! This rarely available end terraced home can be found in the heart of Southsea and is offered to the market with no forward chain. Exmouth Road is perfectly positioned with Palmerston and Albert Road shopping areas and the seafront all within a short walk. H...
"***SPLIT LEVEL APARTMENT IN PALMERSTON ROAD!*** Well presented, TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM split level apartment situated in the highly sought after location of Palmerston Road offered with tenants in situ. The spacious accommodation comprises; entrance hall, 16'' approx open plan lounge/dining room, kit..."
NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: POPULAR MILTON LOCATION: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: Two bedroom third floor apartment within walking distance to local shops and bus routes in and out of the city this property would make the ideal ...
"Beal's are delighted to welcome to market this stunning two bedroom ground floor apartment with parking, open plan living space modern kitchen and bathroom. The property is within close proximity to Albert road and other local amenities. Arrange a viewing today to avoid missing out."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this two double bedroom, terraced property located in Newcome Road, Fratton. Suitable for a first time or investment buyer, this property offers a selection of benefits. Accommodation comprises two reception rooms, a fitted kitchen, two double bedrooms and a bat..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £214,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £325,000"
Superior 2 bed apartment with private off road parking and a 1/4 share of the freehold. Central Location - period semi detached house conversation. Internal viewing essential to fully appreciate the size and layout of the accommodation.
"**PUBLIC NOTICE - 112 Guildford Road, Portsmouth, Hampshire, PO1 5EB - We have received an offer of £210,000.00. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange of contracts takes place. EPC Rating D** NO ONWARD CHAIN! We are delighte..."
"Your Move are delighted to offer this fantastic two double bedroom modern home in Southsea with parking, perfect for first time buyer or investors. EPC Grade D Council Tax Band B"
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS AND INVESTORS. WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND TRANSPORT LINKS: ALLOCATED PARKING: Two bedroom apartment in central Portsmouth location, within walking distance to Gunwharf Quays and Commercial Road shopping centre, with a tenant in ..."
"This is a spacious 2 bedroom ground floor apartment located in the popular area of St James Street. A great investment or residential purchase, this property suits all, so please call now to view."
"OVER 60'S RETIREMENT FLAT Days Estates Southsea are delighted to welcome to the market this two bedroom retirement flat in the much sought after McCarthy & Stone development of Holmbush Court, Queens Crescent, Southsea. Located on the 2nd floor the property is being offered with no forwar..."
*** NO FORWARD CHAIN *** TWO BEDROOMS *** MID-TERRACE *** CENTRAL PORTSMOUTH LOCATION *** CURRENTLY LET FOR £750 PCM *** MUST SEE ***
" A modern purpose built ground floor garden apartment in a cul-de-sac location with NO CHAIN AHEAD offering: TWO BEDROOMS, en-suite to the main bedroom, lounge/diner, fitted kitchen, main bathroom, allocated parking and the benefit of an enclosed rear garden."
This two bedroom retirement apartment is situated on the first floor and close to the lift at the popular Holmbush Court situated in central Southsea. This McCarthy and Stone development is available for the over 60's with excellent facilities including well-tended communal award winning floral g...
"We are pleased to offer this 2 bedroom hall floor apartment located within minutes of Southsea Seafront, Southsea Common, Palmerston Road Shopping Precinct, bars, restaurants, cafes, coffee shops, bus routes and other amenities. The property is being sold with a share of freehold and can be offer..."
"***TWO BEDROOM FAMILY HOME*** We are delighted to introduce to the market, this two bedroom mid-terrace property in the heart of the sought after area of Meyrick Road in close proximity to local amenities On entry to the property, you are greeted by the first reception room bef..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTMENT: EASY ACCESS IN AND OUT OF THE CITY: GARAGE: One bedroom terraced house in a Cul-De-Sac location in Anchorage Park, this property would make the ideal first time purchase or investment buy. Comprising of lounge/kit..."
"We are pleased to bring to market this spacious three bedroom end of terrace property in the Barnes Road, Portsmouth."
"We have pleasure in marketing for sale this deceptively SPACIOUS apartment situated on the ground floor of this ICONIC Southsea building located on a corner plot with communal gardens just north of the main SEAFRONT and only a short walk to Palmerston Road shopping precinct, bars, cafes and resta..."
"Your Move are delighted to bring this fantastic spacious top floor apartment to the sales market. The property has the rare addition of allocated parking, in a super central location, but hidden away from the busy throng of Southsea life. Viewings are highly recommended to appreciate t..."
"**TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS WITH UPSTAIRS BATHROOM** We are delighted to welcome to the market this spacious two bedroom mid- terraced property within North End, Portsmouth."
"Chain Free! This mid-terraced home is located in Stamshaw, Jervis Road is a well proportioned starter home. Close to shops, schools, parks and travel links."
A SPACIOUS SPLIT LEVEL MAISONETTE SITUATED IN AN EXCELLENT CENTRAL LOCATION REPRESENTING AN EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY WITH TENANTS IN SITU AND HIGH YIELD. 
"We are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom, mid-terraced property located in Stamshaw Road, Stamshaw. Ideal for first time buyers and investors alike, accommodation comprises an 18ft reception room, a 15ft fitted kitchen, an upstairs bathroom, plus three bedrooms. Additional benefit..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £205,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £310,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £204,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £310,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £201,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £305,000"
Tucked down a quiet Eastney Road this two bedroom terraced house is now available to view. With an upstairs bathroom and being in a great location it's not one to miss.
***NO FORWARD CHAIN***THREE BEDROOMS***GREAT LOCATION***ALLOCATED PARKING***
"** TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** We are pleased to offer to the market this mid terraced, bay and forecourt house situated along the highly popular location of Mayhall Road, Copnor. This two bedroom, mid-terraced house is being offered For sale by Modern Method of ..."
This exclusive Churchill retirement complex provides stylish and independent living for the over 60's. Located on the ground floor this immaculate two bedroom apartment was the former show flat for the development and we believe is therefore the largest apartment of this style in the block. The p...
"Buyers Fees apply - see brochure for details. A very desirable two bedroom home with an upstairs bathroom is in the heart of Fratton. This spacious property is ready for a new buyer to move straight into. Offered with no forward chain. ""This property is for sale by the Modern Method of Auction. S..."
"*Parking option available* Offered with NO FORWARD CHAIN is this well presented two double apartment. An ideal first time or investment, benefitting from a modern fitted shower room, open plan kitchen/reception & loft room. Within walking distance to Southsea seafront, shops, pubs & restaurants."
"** Offered chain free ** We are delighted to welcome to the market this top floor two bedroom flat in the popular central location of Queen Street, Portsmouth. With close proximity to the university, gunwharf quays and local transport links, this great size apartment lends itself to both..."
A BRIGHT AND SPACIOUS HALL FLOOR CONVERSION FLAT SITUATED IN A HUGELY POPULAR LOCATION IN CENTRAL SOUTHSEA REPRESENTING AN EXCELLENT INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. 
"This three bedroom maisonette is nestled in the heart of Southsea within close proximity to Southsea Common, local shops and amenities. The property boasts a large living space and a balcony. Arrange a viewing today to avoid missing out."
"This 1st floor apartment can be found in this securely gated 'Citigait' development and has allocated off road parking. Perfectly situated for ease of access to Gunwharf Quays, Old Portsmouth and Southsea sea front as well as Portsmouth University, the property appeals to a variety of potential b..."
"**TWO BEDROOM SPLIT LEVEL APARTMENT** **INVESTMENT ONLY** We welcome this spacious two-bedroom apartment which is located within easy reach of the train station, University and Gunwharf, the modern interior is neutrally decorated and offers versatile living on two separate floors, the in..."
Churchill Sales & Lettings are delighted to be marketing this lovely two bedroom ground floor apartment. The property offers deceptively spacious accommodation throughout and is presented in good decorative order. The Lounge offers ample space for living and dining room furniture and ha...
NO FORWARD CHAIN: IDEAL INVESTMENT SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU: WALKING DISTANCE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND BUS ROUTES IN AND OUT OF THE CITY: Two bedroom first floor apartment within walking distance to local shops and bus routes in and out of the city. Sold with tenants in situ this property w...
"Superbly located in the heart of Southsea, is this beautifully presented one bedroom apartment. Located on the first floor, benefitting from a private outside terrace & car port parking. Southsea seafront is only a short walk away & a stones throw to Marmion & Palmerston Road's shops & restaurants."
"This ground floor flat in Stubbington Avenue has been very well maintained by the current owner and is close to all of the amenities in North End. Benefits of the property include two bedrooms, a modern bathroom suite, a fitted kitchen and a rear garden."
"CASH (ONLY) OFFERS NOW INVITED. GUIDE PRICE:  £200,000. OF INTEREST TO BUILDERS AND INVESTORS IN PARTICULAR:  the spacious and well-situated TWO BEDROOM HOUSE NOW REQUIRING GENERAL MODERNISATION. 
"
"Currently rented at £1175pcm - with garage included! This two-bedroom apartment in the heart of the city. Located on Elm Grove, the property in Wilton Exchange offers a spacious hallway with access to two good sized double bedrooms, one of which has an en-suite, a fitted bathroom suite plus..."
"Situated in the heart of Southsea, this two-bedroom apartment occupies the top floor of this converted Victorian residence. The property has been extensively refurbished in recent years with high quality fittings and finishes and has the additional bonus of allocated off-road parking. The light a..."
"Jeffries & Dibbens are delighted to bring to the market this no forward chain, two bedroom first floor apartment located in the secluded residential location of Cavalier Court, Drayton. This apartment offers a spacious 23' lounge/diner, fitted kitchen, two bedrooms and a shower room. Other be..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £198,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £300,000"
"**TOWN HOUSE AND PARKING** INVESTORS ONLY ** Sold via Secure Sale online bidding. Terms & Conditions apply. Starting Bid £195,000. T&C apply."
"We are delighted to offer For Sale this two bedroom apartment on Lion Terrace which is set just off Queen Street, Portsmouth."
VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE. First floor two double bedroom apartment WITH PARKING in the heart of Southsea. Offered with a Share of the Freehold and sold with no forward chain.
"A great first time buy located in central Portsmouth, this terraced home is ready to move straight into. Being offered with no forward chain with great access in and out of the city. Close to all local amenities."
"***TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN*** Located in the centre of Southsea, this spacious two bedroom apartment comes complete with a first come first serve parking and is being sold with no forward chain. The property offers the opportunity to modernise so that someone..."
"***MODERN APARTMENT WITH OFF ROAD PARKING *** We are delighted to introduce to the sales market this immaculate two bedroom apartment with off road parking, located highly in the sought after location of Farlington in the Fairways. Complete with an allocated parking space and p..."
"UN-EXPECTANTLY RE-AVAILABLE 10/01/2023. Recently refurbished 9th floor retirement apartment with stunning water views of The Solent, Isle of Wight, Portsmouth Harbour, Southsea Common and Spinnaker Tower. The property has been redecorated, fitted with a brand new kitchen and appliances and new ne..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £192,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £290,000"
"***TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT WITH OFF ROAD PARKING*** We are delighted to welcome to the sales market, this charming two bedroom, ground floor purpose built apartment, with off road parking, in the highly sought after location of Henderson road, within walking distance of many l..."
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this exceptional example of a MODERN TWO BED APARTMENT WITH FANTASTIC VIEWS. Situated in the heart of Portsmouth perfect for people who need easy access in and out of the city whether by road or train! Immaculate throughout and ready and waiting ...
Great location for this two bedroom garden flat with share of freehold.
"TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH ALLOCATED PARKING! PERFECT FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS AND INVESTORS. A spacious two double bedroom apartment located in the modern development the Vista Building. Built in 2009 the block offers internal bike storage, lift and secured underground ALLOCATED PARKIN..."
"We are pleased to welcome to the market this well presented two bedroom ground floor garden flat located in Waverley Grove, Southsea. This property is offered with No Forward Chain and a new 999 Year Lease. This apartment is comprised of two bedrooms, a large lounge which is ope..."
"*** NEW TO THE MARKET *** *** TWO BEDROOMS *** *** CLOSE TO THE SEAFRONT *** A great 2 bedroom third floor flat situated close to the Seafront in Southsea. The property comprises of modern kitchen with built-in oven and hob, good size lounge, and bathroom with shower over bath...."
"We are pleased to welcome to the market this well presented two bedroom flat located in Waverley Grove, Southsea. This property is offered with No Forward Chain and a new 999 Year Lease. This apartment is comprised of two bedrooms, a large lounge flooded with natural light, kitc..."
"**HMO INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - CURRENTLY LET @ £2,000PCM** ** CASH BUYERS ONLY ** A deceptively spacious, four bedroom duplex maisonette offers the ideal investment to a landlord. Curnently let and with an 11 month tenancy already agreed with deposits taken and tenancy agreements bei..."
"*** NEW TO THE MARKET *** *** TWO BEDROOMS *** *** CLOSE TO THE SEAFRONT *** A fantastic 2 bedroom 2nd floor flat situated close to the Seafront in Southsea. The property comprises of modern kitchen with built-in oven and hob, good size lounge, and bathroom with shower over bat..."
"** GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT ** GREAT OPPORTUNITY FOR INVESTORS / FIRST TIME BUYERS ** We are pleased to bring to the sales market this ground floor, two bedroom apartment located on East Shore Way in Baffins, Portsmouth. With no onward chain and potential tenant in-situ, this property wou..."
"Situated in the heart of Southsea, sits this beautifully presented two bedroom first floor apartment, which is offered with no forward chain. The property is conveniently located with walking distance of the Seafront and Albert Road, where local amenities and restaurants can be found. The interna..."
"Situated in a very popular location is this deceivingly spacious ground floor flat. Being an older style build the property oozes charm throughout with high skirtings and oversized windows throughout offering ample natural light throughout. The flat itself offers a small patioed frontage, l..."
"Beautifully presented and very Spacious! share of freehold, two bedroom ground floor flat with its own REAR GARDEN and LARGE Outbuilding. The vendor is suited so quick sale is required. Entrance hallway, living room/Dining room, inner hallway leading to master bedroom, bedroom two, bathroom, mod..."
• No Forward Chain • Allocated Parking • Spacious Two Bedroom Apartment • Master En-Suite • Sought After Location • Awaiting EPC
"Fox and Sons are delighted to present to you this well presented 2 bedroom basement flat located in the sought after location of Cavendish Road, Southsea. As a whole, this is a generous size property in an ideal location and is not one to be missed out on. Call now to arrange a viewing!"
"Situated within the popular area of North End, this ideal first time buy is within walking distance of local amenities & easy transport links!"
**GROUND FLOOR** A spacious ground floor three bedroom apartment with a private entrance and light and airy feel throughout it's not one to miss.
" A stylish three bedroom, ground floor apartment situated within the popular residential area of Milton."
"Located with in the immediate vicinity of the Albert Road shopping and entertainment area, this 3 bedroom split level apartment comprises of 3 double bedrooms, lounge, kitchen with breakfast bar and modern tiled bathroom. Features include double glazing, gas central heating, integrated kitchen ap..."
"TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT WITH ALLOCATED PARKING! This well presented apartment can be found along Elm Grove, Southsea, within just a short walk of Portsmouth university and Palmerston Road shopping area. Located on the second floor of a purpose-built block, the internal accommodation comprises; entr..."
"* PART BUY PART RENT ** £187,500 is for a 50% share purchase, the full property price is £375,000. The minimum CASH DEPOSIT you will need is £75,000. Turn any freehold property into part buy –part rent with Leaders Estate Agents and ‘Your H..."
Superior 2 bed apartment with private off road parking and a 1/4 share of the freehold. Central Location - period semi detached house conversion. Internal viewing essential to fully appreciate the size and layout of the accommodation. Ideal Investment or residential home. 
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £185,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £280,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £185,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £280,000"
A great first floor apartment situated in central Southsea but tucked away at the same time. Close to all your daily local amenities. A viewing is recommended to appreciate what this property has to offer.
"UNSOLD AT AUCTION. CASH (ONLY) OFFERS NOW INVITED. GUIDE PRICE £185,000-£195,000. OF INTEREST TO INVESTORS IN PARTICULAR:  the vacant ex-rental TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM END-TERRACE PROPERTY with ground floor bathroom extension, gas fired central heating and UPVC replacem..."
"This SPACIOUS TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM first floor apartment is located in the ever popular residential location of Farlington in Portsmouth. The property boasts good sized accommodation throughout consisting of two well proportioned bedrooms, modern fitted kitchen and a bathroom. Evenings can be spent..."
"This very interesting two-bedroom split level maisonette offers well sized accommodation set over three floors. Situated in Southsea and found in walking distance of all that Albert Road has to offer including bars, restaurants and local amenities this ideal first time or investment property is a..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £182,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £275,000"
A wonderful residential park available at Henderson park. This home is bright and spacious and has lots of off road parking. The position is perfect for seafront walks.
"*RESIDENT PARKING* *IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY* *NO FORWARD CHAIN* AJM Estates are pleased to present for sale this modern second floor apartment offering light and spacious accommodation Vectis Way, Cosham. The property is situated within easy access to an abundance of local amenities including the..."
A RARE OPPORTUNITY TO ACQUIRE AN EXCELLENT SIZED CONVERSION FLAT WITH A PRIVATE GARDEN REQUIRING COMPLETION OF A REFURBISHMENT. 
"OWN PRIVATE TERRACE & NO FORWARD CHAIN! This apartment must be viewed. This modern one bedroom apartment is situated with the popular Admiralty Quarter development, just yards away from Portsmouth's Historic Dockyard and the prestigious Gunwharf Quays shopping complex. The well-presented acco..."
"**ALLOCATED PARKING** **NO FORWARD CHAIN**We are delighted to welcomed to market this well presented ground floor apartment in Hambrook House, Cotton Road,"
"TWO BEDROOM FLAT IN CENTRAL SOUTHSEA! This first floor apartment is located within the heart of Southsea and can be found along Cottage Grove. The internal accommodation briefly comprises; hallway, southerly aspect lounge/diner, fitted kitchen, two good sized bedrooms and a fitted bathroom suite...."
"** GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT ** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** FANTASTIC BUY TO LET OPPORTUNITY ** We are please to bring to the sales market this Ground floor, three bedroom apartment located along Milton Road, Portsmouth. With no onward chain and potential tenant in-situ, this property would make a ..."
A charming ground floor flat with it's own garage situated in a desired Copnor location. It is offered with no forward chain and only needs a lick of paint to make it your own.
"** TOP FLOOR APARTMENT ** BALCONY ** CLOSE TO QA HOSPITAL ** We are pleased to bring to the sales market this three double bedroom, top floor apartment situated along Ashurst Road, Cosham. This apartment is perfectly located for those looking for a great buy to let opportunity or buying..."
"** GROUND FLOOR FLAT ** TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS ** GARAGE ** We are pleased to bring to the sales market this two double bedroom, ground floor floor apartment situated in St. Barbara way, Gatcombe. This apartment is perfectly located for those looking for a great buy to let opportunity or b..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the. market this exceptional ONE. BEDROOM APARTMENT with phenomenal uninterupted views over the Solent, Isle of Wight and Southsea common. Coming to. market with No Forward Chain this homehas been updated to an extremely high standard reflecting the prestig..."
"A bright and airy two bedroom flat situated within central Southsea close to Elm Grove , Palmerston Road and Albert Road and the plethora of bars, shops, restaurants and entertainment these areas are renown for. Ideal for a first time buyer or investor, viewing comes highly recommended. "
Fox and sons are delighted to welcome to market this spacious four bedroom ground floor maisonette with garden in the heart of the city centre.
A WELL PRESENTED TOP FLOOR APARTMENT REPRESENTING AN EXCELLENT INVESTMENT WITH TENANTS IN SITUE AND 107 YEAR LEASE TERM REMAINING. 
"***GOOD FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*** The property is finished to an excellent standard, featuring a modern kitchen and bathroom. There is a large lounge/kitchen combined living area on the ground floor with the bonus of a downstairs w/c. Upstairs there are two do..."
"OFF ROAD PARKING! We are delighted to offer for sale this two bedroom, first floor flat located in Parsons Close, Hilsea. Ideally suited to first time or investment buyers, this property comes with a range of benefits. In addition to two bedrooms, accommodation comprises an 18ft kitchen/dining ro..."
"** INVESTORS ONLY ** This property is currently let at £925.00 per calendar month with a tenancy in place until December 2023. We are pleased to offer for sale this two-bedroom home on New Road East, this location offers easy access to Eastern Road for out-of-city workers using..."
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £178,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £270,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £178,000 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £270,000"
"Lifetime Lease price for Over 60s: You can benefit from saving up to 59% from the market value with a one-off payment to become the Lifetime Lease owner of this property. The guide price of £175,500 is reflective of an average 33.3% saving as an example. Market Value Price: £265,000"
"This could be the ideal purchase being such a good size two bedroom. Located on the first floor with a garage this particular property is very much a blank canvas for any new owner. With two bedrooms both with built in wardrobe space, family bathroom with bath, large living room diner and kitchen..."
"*** TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT *** NO FORWARD CHAIN *** Bernards are delighted to offer this nicely presented 2 bedroom flat in the popular location of Central Southsea, located right next to Palmerston Road High Street, offering great access to the seafront and local amenities. The ..."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this immaculately presented 1 bedroom top floor apartment recently updated by the current owners. The property is offered with no forward chain, remaining lease term of 168 years and service charges of £995pa. The principle rooms are southerly facing and offe..."
"We are delighted to bring to the market this well presented one bedroom first floor flat featuring a kitchen, lounge, bathroom and an allocated parking space. Situated in the centre of Portsmouth and close to North End shops where supermarkets, takeaways and restaurants are within walking distanc..."
**TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT** **NO FORWARD CHAIN** Two-bedroom ground floor apartment which is perfect for first-time buyers or investment. This property has easy access to motorways and other transport links including ferry. The property comprises of an open-plan modern kitchen/living...
Chain Free! A great third floor apartment in central Portsmouth. This will suit first time buyers and investors alike. Please call the office today to arrange a viewing.
"We are pleased to bring to the market this 2 double bedroomed top floor apartment which is being offered with no chain. The property has just been redecorated and new carpets fitted. The accommodation comprises 2 bedrooms, good size lounge, fitted kitchen with cooker, white bathroom suite. The p..."
"Come and view this three bedroom split level apartment, perfect for a first time buyer or buy to let investor alike. The property is a really good size and will accommodate a family as well as a couple. The location allows a short walk to Elm Grove, Marmion Road and Palmerston Road which..."
"Currently rented at £795pcm - this two-bedroom ground floor apartment in the heart of the city. Located on Elm Grove, the property in Wilton Exchange offers a spacious hallway with access to two good sized double bedrooms, a fitted bathroom suite plus a well sized, open planned kitchenette/..."
"A wonderful two bedroom apartment offering a large balcony, situated within popular Central Southsea."
"A third floor two bedroom front and side aspect retirement apartment situated on Southsea Seafront with front aspect views over Southsea Common, The Solent and the Isle of Wight beyond."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY Days estates southsea are delight to welcome to the market this two bedroom flat with parking in the much sought after location of hilsea, Portsmouth. The property is being offered with the tenant in situ, and returns a healthy 6.7%. Add in the share of the freehold and..."
"*** GARAGE *** NO FORWARD CHAIN*** Bernards are delighted to offer this modern 2 bedroom top floor flat in the popular location of Central Southsea, situated off of Victoria Road North, within walking distance of train stations and local shops. The apartment comprises of two bed..."
"Comprising of two large bedrooms, one with en-suite, a large lounge and fitted kitchen and bathroom and in a block with a lift to all floors, this really will be popular, especially as there is allocated underground parking. Benefiting further from no forward."
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this exceptional example of a first floor apartment situated at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac close to an excellent network of roads and rail stations making this a great location for those who need to work away! Close to PORTSMOUTH UNIVERSITY (wa...
"Situated in the heart of Southsea, this unique second floor flat is offered to the market in excellent condition throughout and would make an ideal acquisition for any first time buyer or buy to let investor. Perfectly located to enjoy everything Albert Road and the rest of Southsea has to offer,..."
A two bedroom ground floor corner purpose built apartment with front aspect views towards Eastney Lake and also having the benefit of an allocated car parking space.
Purplebricks are delighted to bring to the market this Immaculate TWO BED APARTMENT situated in the heart of the city close to the main line train station making. it a perfect place for those looking. for a property to live in during the week which can be locked up at weekends securely or perhaps...
"A top floor two bedroom apartment located on Elphinstone Road, Southsea. Close to the seafront, being sold with a share of the freehold, great rental return and showing great potential, this property would make a great purchase, so please call us now to book your viewing."
"**CHAIN FREE** We are delighted to welcome to the sales market this spacious three bedroom maisonette situated within North End, Portsmouth."
"Located in the popular and convenient Cosham is this 2 Bedroom Second Floor Flat. Elizabeth Court is situated a short walk to QA Hospital, Cosham High Street and Railway Station, has No Forward Chain plus Allocated and Visitors Parking, Double Glazing and a West Facing Balcony. Making a great ..."
"Morris Dibben are proud to launch to the market this superb two bedroom flat located in Southsea. Upon entering the flat you will find a light and airy open planned kitchen and living room. You will also find the large, main double bedroom and a second single bedroom. This ..."
