Summary
"NO CHAIN - A beautifully presented and immaculate 3 bedroom detached bungalow situated just a short walk away from the city centre of St David's. Boasting lounge, open plan kitchen/diner, family bathroom, master bedroom with en suite and 2 further bedrooms. Externally there is off road parking fo..."
"A stunning Grade II Listed Building, historically an exclusive hotel with 22 en-suite bedrooms, sitting in 15 acres of its own coastal facing land; covered heated swimming pool, tennis courts, mature landscaped gardens and Helipad and with the most spectacular views south over St Brides Bay."
"*A substantial detached 2 storey Jacobean/Georgian Listed Grade II Private Residence. *Deceptively spacious 4/5 Reception, Kitchen, Utility, 6 Bedrooms and 3 Bathroom accommodation. *Gas Central Heating, Single and Double Glazed Sash Windows and Loft Insulation. *Stone Barn 28'0"" x..."
*Grade II Listed Detached House* *7 Bedrooms* Character Property & Countryside Views* *Approximately 3 Acres of Grounds Including Paddock & Walled Garden* *Sought After Location*
A striking landmark coastal property
"Just a couple of minutes on foot from the centre of St Davids but also on the edge of the countryside, Maes Y Felin is a tranquil development built to uncompromisingly high standards. The Eira is a thoughtfully designed modern dormer bungalow, this home is perfect for everyone, from growing f..."
"Just a couple of minutes on foot from the centre of St Davids but also on the edge of the countryside, Maes Y Felin is a tranquil development built to uncompromisingly high standards. The Sophia is a spacious, meticulously designed bungalow that’s perfect for a couple or small family, this lo..."
"Situated in the Heart of St Davids this great property has alot to offer and stacks of potential! Currently a gallery on the ground floor with sitting room, kitchen and conservatory this lends itself (subject to relevant planning consents) to be a self contained unit. There is also an ..."
"* An attractive and deceptively spacious 3 Storey Linked Semi Detached Character Residence. * Well appointed 2 Reception, Kitchen/Breakfast, 3 Bedrooms, Bathroom & Cloakroom Accommodation. * Good sized easily maintained Rear Garden with Ornamental Stone & Paved Patio Areas from whe..."
"Are you looking to live in the sought after area of St. David's, one of the smallest cities in the UK? Well this detached 3 bedroom property in right in the heart of St. David's just off the high street with wide range of shops & eateries, plus if you enjoy culture St. David's has it at every tu..."
"Just a couple of minutes on foot from the centre of St Davids but also on the edge of the countryside, Maes Y Felin is a tranquil development built to uncompromisingly high standards. The Glyndwr is a charming and versatile home, this bungalow is perfect for a couple or small family, offering..."
"60 New Street is a beautifully presented detached dormer bungalow located in the sought after location of St David's, close to the cathedral and city centre. The layout of the property briefly comprises of an Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitchen/Diner, Three Double Bedrooms, Shower Room and a separate ..."
"National Residential are delighted to offer these 3 apartments set within Ty Llwyn, a charming property just a couple of minutes' walk from the centre of St.Davids. There are 2 x 1 bedroom apartments on the ground floor and a larger 3 bedroom apartment set across the first floor."
"NO CHAIN - We are delighted to market this immaculate property, the type of which rarely comes to the market in St Davids. Situated a 5 minute walk to the centre of St Davids, with its popular eateries and arts/music scene and yet a similar distance to the coastal footpath. You can walk to ..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a Fist Time Buy/Investment property with No Onward chain, in the popular residential area of Maes Y Mynach, on the edge of the Cathedral City of St Davids. The wide range of shops, restaurants, and the schools are all within walking distance. The layout of the prope..."
"2 valuable parcels of agricultural land with the benefit of roadside access being conveniently located to St Davids, Croesgoch, Fishguard, etc FOR SALE BY PUBLIC AUCTION (Subject to Conditions of Sales and unless sold beforehand) on Thursday 7 April 2022 at 7.30pm At The..."
