Summary
"The 4-bedroom Aiden home is a unique home with plenty of modern living features, and lots of space for the whole family, as well as guests. As you enter the home, you’ll find an open plan kitchen/diner with French doors leading out to the garden, alongside a flexible bedroom space on this"
An amazing and unique opportunity to acquire a property with prestige. It has a four bed house which has been refurbished to an extremely high standard with a bespoke kitchen. Viewing is a must to appreciate contact Peter Alan Gorseinon on 
"***Coming Soon*** A fabulous family home which is currently being modernised and refurbished to a luxurious finish. The property offers 2631sqft of living accommodation, laid out in a contempoirary style and making the very most of space and light. The accommodation comprises tw..."
"Purplebricks is pleased to offer to market this immaculately presented 4 bedroom detached home with incredible grounds situated in the desirable Mayals area, overlooking Swansea Bay. The property is a must see to really appreciate what the home has to offer including generous living space, four g..."
"We are proud to offer this Six Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £880,000 - £975,000*"
Well Trading City Centre Bar Investment (Business Unaffected). Offers in excess of £875000.00  BUSINESS TRADING AS USUAL AND REMAINS UNAFFECTED. The premises has a Grade II listed façade with an open plan ground floor and first floor area. There are two bars on the ground floo...
Well Trading City Centre Bar Investment (Business Unaffected). Offers in excess of £875000.00  BUSINESS TRADING AS USUAL AND REMAINS UNAFFECTED. The premises comprises an open plan ground floor bar and first floor restaurant area. There is one bar on the ground floor and stor...
"Astleys are both proud and delighted to offer for sale this impressive, well presented four bedroom detached family home in the ever popular location of Mayals. Formerly the stable block belonging to the neighbouring farmhouse, parts of which date back circa 1850. 37 Owls Lodge Lane is a..."
"EER 69C Council Tax G John Francis are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home in the ever popular location of Mayals. Formerly the stable block of to the neighbouring farmhouse, parts of which date back circa 1850. "
"Nestled at the cusp of the leafy suburb of Mayals and just moments from Swansea Bay's western edge, this impressive, four double bedroomed detached home is set on a plot of just under a third of an acre and offered for sale with no onward chain. With over 2,300 square feet of internal li..."
"A Former Bishop Residence, Delightfully Preserved, Located In Highly Sought After Area In The Heart Of The Uplands. Swansea This residential property exudes curb appeal, character and charm from the off-set. On entering, the elegant rooms greet you with impressive proportions and imposing fe..."
"A charming, greatly extended detached four-bedroom family home situated in a private and secluded off road location adjacent to Clyne Gardens and around a 10-minute drive to Swansea University, Singleton Hospital and Mumbles Village. It is in the catchment area "
"A beautifully appointed five bedroom detached property which is situated in the popular residential area of Derwen Fawr being within walking distance of Swansea foreshore and close proximity to Singleton Hospital, The University and City Centre. The property boasts spacious "
"Sitting on a plot size of 0.26 acres, we are proud to bring to the market this detached five bedroom family home with three reception rooms, offering partial sea views of Swansea Bay to the front. A stones throw from the Mumbles Bay foreshore. Must be seen. This property is tucked away ..."
A rare opportunity to purchase a unique and individual family home hidden away in Loughor within easy walking distance of Loughor Estuary Foreshore. Viewing Highly Recommended contact Peter Alan Gorseinon 
"This incredible Grade II* Listed residential property dates back to the 19th century and offers extensive flexibility of living accommodation. The property is situated in one of Uplands' most prestigious streets. The property is located directly opposite St.James Garden dating back to 1863, notab..."
"Rare opportunity to purchase this truly spectacular four bedroom detached cottage occupying 1/3 of an acre on beautifully landscaped grounds. Benefiting from character and charm throughout, four reception rooms, modernised kitchen, wood burner, a downstairs cloakroom and double detached g..."
"A well presented 4 bedroom family home offered for sale. Situated in Killay, a very sought after location for it's convenient links to Swansea City centre, local beaches, public transport links and local schools. Viewing is highly recommended to appreciate. Please call Peter Alan Swansea to book."
"An immaculately presented, split level 5 bedroom housed offered for sale. Situated in Sketty, a sought after location for it's convenience to Swansea City centre, local schools, public transport links, local parks and Swansea beach fronts. Please call Peter Alan Swansea on to book."
"A well presented 4 bedroom plus attic room detached family home offered for sale. Situated in Sketty, sought after for its convenient position to local shops, public transport links, local schools, beaches and local parks. Please call Peter Alan Swansea on to arrange a viewing!"
Peter Morgan Exclusive | Unique in Design | Offering Versatile Accommodation | Detached Family Residence | Two Reception Rooms | Four Bedrooms | Two Driveways | EPC Rating - D | Council Tax Band - G
"P. A black are delighted to market this 5/6 bedroom property with its own self-contained, one bedroom Annex. If your looking for a property with that extra bit of outside space, or multi generation living this is the ideal property for you. Please arrange early viewings to avoid dissapointment."
Individually designed detached property. 5 double bedrooms (3 with access to en suite). 3 separate reception rooms. Kitchen/breakfast room. Utility room and a WC. Balcony with stunning views over Swansea valley. Parking for several vehicles and an integral garage. Convenient for M4 and hospital.
"A stunning apartment offering 1,600sqft of luxurious living space in the Grade II listed Clyne Castle set within the beautiful grounds of Clyne Gardens and only a short distance from the sea front promenade and vibrant Mumbles. The apartment is beautifully oppulent with extraordinarily spaci..."
"Very rare to the market and unique home!
Five double bedroom property available in the popular location of Castle Grove, Loughor, Swansea, SA4.
This family home really is something special benefiting from being in a private location with a gated entry system to the estate.
Additional benefits are..."
"GetAnOffer are offering this property FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION we encourage online BIDDING, Please contact our office for more details today. GetAnOffer are pleased to offer this property for sale: Detached Bungalow Four Bedrooms Lounge Fitted Kitchen/Diner Wet Room & Separate WC Cel..."
"A traditional semi detached property with three bedrooms and two reception rooms in need of modernisation and has great potential to be a family home. The property is located ideally for schools, Fforestfach retail park, shops and local amenities. The accommodation comprises to the ground..."
"The Witney (plot 16) 4-bedroom detached home, £489,995. Reserve before the end of April to receive £10,000 towards moving costs plus upgrades to the bathroom and en suite floor tiles and an upgraded kitchen. Speak with our sales advisor for further details. Terms and conditions apply."
"A substantial detached four bedroom property which offers spacious and versatile accommodation making the perfect family home, benefitting from sea views towards Swansea Bay and Mumbles Head. The property has been beautifully maintained throughout, briefly comprising cloaks, fitted kitchen, util..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to offer for sale this beautiful family home. Individually designed and built buy the current owners, not only is this property unique it is spacious and homely too! The detached 4 bedroom property has many special features including 3 reception rooms, 2 ensuites and of..."
"You can now save up to £40,000* when you reserve Plot 49 – The Gregory.
Was £499,995. Now £459,995 & Ready to move into this Summer
*Terms and conditions apply. View "
"Over three distinctive floors, this property has three bedrooms upstairs, along with a 4th ground floor bedroom/study that can be used in any way that suits. The heart of the home is on the first floor where you will find an open-plan kitchen-breakfast room with patio doors to a beautiful terrace."
"A statement townhouse home spread over three distinctive floors. The Gregory has three bedrooms upstairs, along with a fourth ground floor bedroom/study that can be used in any way that suits. The heart of the home is on the first floor where you will find an open-plan kitchen-breakfast roo"
"Purplebricks are delighted to offer to the market this well presented, modern, four bedroom property in the sought after village of Sketty. Situated in the desirable location of Hendrefoilan Park is conveniently located for access to Killay precint with a range of local amenities, within the ca..."
"The Frances is a thoughtfully designed house that gives families all the space they need. The ground floor is perfectly contained, with a study/ bedroom, cloakroom and separate living room. On the first floor, the open-plan kitchen-diner is the place that brings everyone together – and th"
"The 4-bedroom home is a unique home with plenty of modern living features & space for the whole family split over three floors with a garage and two parking spaces. With gardens to the front and rear, this is an ideal family home."
"The Wenvoe, a beautiful new home featuring from a detached single garage, open-plan kitchen/family area, a dual-aspect living room with French doors to the rear garden, utility room and separate dining room/study."
"Purplebricks are delighted to offer to the market this , four bedroom, detached townhouse in the sought after location of Killay, Swansea. Set in the modern Millwood Gardens developments in the heart of Killay, within walking distance to the local amenities and shops of Killay Precinct and with..."
"Sought after location. We offer for sale this delightful detached four bedroom family home, which is ideally located close to Singleton Hospital, Swansea University, Singleton Park and with easy access to Swansea City Centre. The property is also in an excellent catchment area for both prima..."
"Offered with no ongoing chain, is this immaculately presented three bedroom, detached property enjoying panoramic sea views across Swansea Bay. Recently modernised throughout to include an open plan kitchen/family room, utility room with ground floor w/c, ample storage, driveway..."
"A beautiful five bedroom semi detached property in a peaceful and tranquil location. The property boasts three reception rooms, four double bedrooms one single and two en suites. The property has large enclosed gardens and parking for several cars. Also on the grounds is an outbuilding with ..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to offer for sale this individually designed 4 bedroom detached family home. With the spacious entrance hall, 3 reception rooms, kitchen/breakfast room, w.c., and utility room to the ground floor. To the first floor are 4 double bedrooms with the master bedroom having a..."
"An extremely well presented and extended 3/4 bedroom detached bungalow offering good size and versatile modern living that offers itself as a wonderful family home, situated along the main Garrod Avenue between Dunvant and Gowerton with the added advantage of ample off road parking, single detach..."
"Detached, Four Bedroom, Three Reception Rooms."
"Purplebricks are pleased to offer for sale this beautiful family home. Individually designed and built buy the current owners, not only is this property unique it is spacious too! The detached 5 bedroom property has many special features including underfloor heating to the ground floor, ground fl..."
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND E We are delighted to offer to the market this stunning 5-bedroom detached house on Rhydycoed in Birchgrove. The property presents a well-adapted layout, offering spacious and comfortable accommodation throughout, making it an ideal fami..."
"A freehold parcel of residential development land located within the popular Village location of Dunvant, Swansea. Outline planning has been granted for three extensive detached dwellings with associated gardens and garage/parking. Planning number: 2020/0772/OUT. The site area is circa 0.7 acres...."
"A substantial double fronted detached home offering 1,592sqft of accommodation with four bedrooms and two reception rooms arranged over two storeys and enjoying sea views from a number of rooms in the property. The property is in need of some structural remediation and modernisation but..."
"Situated in the village of Penllergaer, roughly 15 minutes' drive north-west of Swansea, the Wye is a 4-bedroom home boasting an open-plan kitchen, dining, and family area, a study, a living room, three double bedrooms, an en suite to bedroom 1, and a contemporary family bathroom."
"A modern extended detached family home located on a sort after and popular esate of Gowerton. The accommodation comprises of entrance porch, hallway, cloakroom, converted garage which is now an extra bedroom with plumbing for an en-suite /study, lounge, dining room open to the conservatory ..."
"An extensive three story 5 bedroom mid terraced family home with excellent Sea Views from the front located within central Swansea. Accommodation includes: entrance hallway, lounge, reception room, dining room, kitchen and bathroom to ground floor. To first floor are two large bedrooms, 2nd bathr..."
"Detached, Four Bedroom, Annex."
This three-bedroom home offers the ultimate flexible lifestyle of living in a three-story house. The Eustace ensures that each member of the family has the space they need and want. Yet the importance of spending time together is not dismissed with an open plan dining living room and an ope
An immaculately presented four bedroom town house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated in the Maritime Quarter of Swansea's vibrant SA1 development. The property further benefits off road parking for 2 cars. Please call Peter Alan Swansea to arrange a viewing or book on our website.
"Four-bedroom end of terrace family town house located in the popular, sought-after location of Fishermans Way, Swansea Marina SA1.
This spacious property is spread over three floors and has benefits such as two sit out balconies and two juliet balconies, walking distance to the beach and the new ..."
This three-bedroom home offers the ultimate flexible lifestyle of living in a three-story house. The home ensures that each member of the family has the space they need and want. Yet the importance of spending time together is not dismissed with an open plan dining living room and an open kitchen.
"CASH BUYERS - NO ONWARD CHAIN John Francis are excited to bring to the market this perfect investment property situated in Lon Derw, Sketty. An ongoing project house, this property has massive potential to be a fabulous four bedroom detached bungalow in a sought after location. B..."
"* Video Tour Available * A well presented and extensively refurbished, spacious four bedroom detached family home located within Ravenhill, Swansea. The property occupies a large plot which backs onto Ravenhill Park. The well appointed accommodation includes: entrance hallway, spacious lounge di..."
"Council Tax Band F Four Bedroom Town-house has just launched with a virtual viewing being available. Featuring an open-plan kitchen & living area with french doors opening onto a balcony benefitings from views over the habour & study room, three baths and ample parking - this p..."
"We are proud to present this Five Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED. GUIDE PRICE - £360,000-380,000"
"Council Tax Band - E John Francis is excited to bring to the market this immaculate three bedroom semi-detached house situated in Hazel Road, Sketty. On entering, you are welcomed with a homely and modern feel. Downstairs, the property benefits from two reception rooms. One of which is..."
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND: E We offer for sale this immaculately presented, four bedroom detached family home in a highly desirable location, in the village of Pontlliw. With front and rear gardens, off road parking for two vehicles plus a single detached garage. Briefly compr..."
FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION - Lot 69 - House for HMO investment; ONLINE AUCTION from 11th APRIL-13th APRIL A HMO mid terraced house situated in a sought after area of Swansea being near the town centre and stunning coastline. The 6 double bedroom property with accommodation over four floor...
"End Of Terrace, Three Bedroom, No Onward Chain."
"This well presented and much loved detached property, offering great potential for further development subject to the relevant planning permission. The current owner has greatly improved the property to create a deceptive home with landscaped private gardens with double length garage."
"A superb opportunity to purchase this three bedroom detached bungalow (with solar panels) on a plot of 0.09 acres, just a short distance from the bustling village of Mumbles. We feel this property is ideally placed for the hustle of Mumbles Village with all the local shops and amenities,..."
"Purplebricks are pleased to offer for sale this three bedroom, traditional semi detached family home. Located in the sought after Mayals area close to the local primary school and within the catchment of Bishopston Comprehensive school. With local transport Links located close by and the village ..."
EER 46 Council Tax Band F A well positioned 3 bedroom link-detached property arranged over two storeys and offering deceptively spacious accommodation throughout. There is one bedroom on the ground floor and two/three bedrooms to the first so the accommodation is very flexible. All the ...
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND: D 360* Virtual Tour Available Online We offer for sale, what we consider to be a well presented four bedroom detached property, set back off the road with front and rear gardens and the added benefit of a garage, plus driveway. The accommodat..."
"Looking for an ideal family home? Look no further as we present this four bedroom detached house with immaculate living accommodation located in the well sought after area of Killay. It is conveniently located close to local amenities, Hendrefoilen Primary school as well as Dunvant Primary and..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire one of the larger properties on a very sought after development. Four bedrooms. Three reception rooms. Level enclosed garden. Driveway for several vehicles. Convenient for access to M4, hospital and local schools. Available with no onward chain. Modernisation required."
"Reduced for a quick sale!
Four/five bedroom mid terrace home located in the popular area of Parc Wern Road, Swansea, SA2. Ideal For Rental Or As A Family Home As a family home - Beautiful 4/5 bedroom fanily home with fabulous views of Swansea Bay - Private Rear Garden with Garage and Parking ..."
"* VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE * A newly constructed four bed detached family home, inc lounge, WC, open plan lounge dining room with integrated appliances, island, snug, family bathroom, ensuite shower room, spacious driveway, front and rear gardens, under floor heating, partly clad in natural stone, po..."
"A well proportioned extended semi-detached family home situated in a pleasant established residential area, being close to Mumbles Village and the sea front, the sought after Welsh school is a few minutes walk away, as is the City bus service. "
"WE'LL CONTRIBUTE £17,000, PLUS FLOORING. DETACHED home with UPGRADED open plan kitchen, separate dining room or HOME OFFICE and French doors to the south facing garden. EN SUITE main bedroom, 2 further double bedrooms and a single. Comes with a garage and parking. Plot 74 | The Alderney | Chapel..."
"Purplebricks are pleased to offer for sale this four bedroom detached family home, in a highly desirable location, in the village of Pontlliw. With front, rear and side gardens, driveway parking plus a detached garage. Briefly comprising an entrance hallway leading to the study, cloakroom, living..."
"Brand new and chain free, The Wilbury is a 4-bedroom home located roughly 15 minutes' drive north-west of Swansea and features an open-plan kitchen and dining area, a living room, two double bedrooms, and an en suite to bedroom 1. Contact us to book your appointment today. "
"Modern detached property in cul de sac location. Four bedrooms. Two separate reception rooms. Modern fitted kitchen. Double glazing and gas combination heating. Driveway and garage/workshop. Low maintenance garden. Well presented throughout. Convenient for M4, local schools and shopping in Morris..."
"This ideal family home is not one to be missed. The property itself is well-presented throughout and benefits from a spacious lounge, a dining room, a fitted kitchen and 4 double bedrooms. Externally the property has off-road parking with a detached garage and an enclosed garden with a brand-ne..."
"Executive, Modern, Immaculately Presented, four bedroom townhouse, situated in Swansea's Maritime Quarter, just a few hundred meters walk from the beach.
Accommodation is spread over three floors and benefits from 2 parking spaces. With lovely walks along the sea-front close by, within great ac..."
"A recently renovated 7 bedroom mid terraced HMO offered for sale with no ongoing chain and with vacant possession. Situated in Swansea a prime location for walking distance to local shops, public transport links, university campus' and Swansea City centre. Call to arrange a viewing."
"NO CHAIN!
Four-bedroom terrace family town house located in the popular, sought-after location of St. Margaret's Court, Swansea Marina SA1.
This spacious property is spread over three floors and has benefits such as en suite to master bedroom, two sit out balconies, walking distance to the beach ..."
"The Whitecroft is a 4-bedroom home, spanning three floors, which benefits from an open-plan kitchen and dining area, a living room, two en suites, and a family bathroom suite."
Spacious Family Home With Beautiful Mature Gardens. Introducing a well presented family home situated in a highly desirable location. The property is set back off the main road which occupies a large plot. The property was built in the 1950s and was designed to look like a classing 19...
"A Period Building sitting on the hillsides of Swansea City Centre, with extensive sea views stretching over the Swansea Coastline and City Centre itself. This development opportunity offers itself to a range of residential and commercial aspects (STP). The exterior exudes curb appeal, chara..."
"Extremely well presented three bedroom detached property located in a sought after location in West Cross nearby local schools, shops and amenities, within catchment area of Bishopston Comprehensive School. Benefiting from an open plan kitchen/diner, spacious lounge, downstairs w/c and a ..."
"A 7 bedroom mid terraced house split into 3 flats offered for sale. Situated in Swansea City centre, within walking distance to shops, public transport links and Swansea beach fronts. This is an ideal investor opportunity with potential to be a large family home or rental investment. Call to book."
"Council tax band E Situated in this very sought after location within walking distance of the centre of Sketty, a traditional four bedroom mid terrace property offering spacious accommodation arranged over three floors. The property is in an excellent catchment area for both primary and seco..."
A well presented first floor apartment with balcony overlooking the landscaped communal gardens - Exclusively available to the over 60's.
"This is a three bedroom newly upgraded executive detached property located in Morriston, Swansea. The property is located close to local amenities including schools, shops, Morfa Retail Park and offers good links to Swansea City Centre and the M4 corridor."
"Purplebricks are delighted to offer for sale this lovely 4 bedroom detached family home. Located in one of the more exclusive areas in the sought-after area of Treboeth, in Swansea. With convenient access to the city centre, the nearby retail parks and schools. Just a short drive to the M4 motorw..."
Sitting within its own generous grounds and set behind double gates is this deceptive detached bungalow with versatile living space. Available with no on going chain this property offers a great opportunity as a family home with two reception rooms and five bedrooms. Ample parking and garage
"LEASEHOLD Council Tax Band: E An ideal opportunity to purchase a four bedroom detached property, situated within the popular 'Parc Penllergaer' development. This property benefits from a gas central heating system and double-glazing and briefly comprises entrance hallway, cloakroo..."
"We are delighted to offer for sale this well presented five bedroom semi detached property on the sought after Maes Y Gwernen Drive just a short walk from Morriston Hospital. This beautiful property boasts four reception rooms, four double bedrooms, one single bedroom, driveway, garage and en..."
"EXTENDED SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY! FIVE BEDROOMS! GOOD SIZE GARDEN ! IDEAL FAMILY HOME! Offered for sale is this spacious extended semi detached property in the very sought after location of Berkley close, Birchgrove. Providing easy access to the M4 Motorway, a few minutes drive to the A465 and qu..."
A three bedroom detached bungalow situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location of similar properties in this popular and sought after residential area of the Bishwell in the heart of Gowerton approximately 4 miles from the city centre of Swansea. Immaculately presented throughout the accommodatio...
"This is an ideal first time or investment opportunity. An immaculately presented 2 double bedroom ground floor apartment offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated within walking distance to the beach front, local shops, public transport links and Swansea City centre. Viewing recommended!"
Recently Refurbished | Georgian Maisonette | 3 Double Bedrooms | Walking Distance To The Sea Front | Sea Views | Off-Road Parking For One Car | 1582 Sq Ft | Two Bathrooms | Walking Distance To Local Amenities 
"AUCTION GUIDE PRICE £95,00- £100,000 Offered for sale by online Auction. THE BIDDING WILL OPEN ON THE 25TH OF APRIL AT MIDDAY AND WILL CLOSE ON THE 26TH APRIL AT MIDDAY. A three bedroom end terrace property situated within walking distance to Morriston Town which has a range of amenities..."
Purplebricks are delighted to offer for sale this traditional three bedroom family home. The property is very conveniently situated in Gowerton being within easy walking distance from the shops and restaurants as well as the bus routes. Close to Ysgol Gyfun Gwyr and Gowerton Comprehensive Schools...
"Situated on this sought after residential development in the popular village of Birchgrove close to schools and local amenities.
A great chance to purchase a modern detached spacious property situated on a generous plot offering any buyer great opportunity for extending further (subject to plann..."
"Extended detached property on sought after development. Three bedrooms (master en suite). Superb kitchen/family room addition to the rear. Separate sitting room. Ground floor WC. Ample parking and integral garage. Low maintenance enclosed garden. Convenient for access to M4, hospital and enterpri..."
"If it is a modern open plan living you are after, then look no further than The Mirin. The ground floor is bright and spacious with the French doors that fill the room with natural light. The spacious master bedroom with en-suite and built-in wardrobe is ideal for unwinding in after a long"
"A large traditional 3-bed semi-detached home with lots of potential. Inc spacious lounge dining room, kitchen, shower room with WC to ground floor. Three double bedrooms and bathroom to 1st floor, large plot, front and rear gardens with garage, sea views. Requires refurbishment. Council Tax Band F."
"A detached property of modern construction located at the top end of Cory Street, a “stone’s throw” from the busy Sketty Shopping Centre and close to the Doctor’s surgery, Singleton Park and about 1 ½ miles from Swansea City Centre. "
"***Video tour available*** A beautiful four bedroom middle terrace property for sale with no onward chain, recently refurbishment to a high standard. The property is conveniently located within walking distance of local schools, Swansea University, Swansea bay promenade, Singleton Hospital an..."
"Modern detached property. Four bedrooms (master en suite). Situated in a cul de sac location. Driveway and integral garage. Level enclosed garden. Convenient location for access to the M4, Morriston hospital and shopping in the enterprise park. Well presented throughout. "
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND: E With no upward chain we offer for sale this double fronted four bedroom detached family home in a highly desirable location, in Bryngwyn village. With front and rear gardens, off road parking for one vehicle with an electric charging point plus a singl..."
"A detached three bedroom split level property which is well presented throughout and situated in a convenient location being a short distance from the M4 motorway, out of town retail parks and the City Centre."
"
Three bedroom detached bungalow in the desired location of Lliw Valley Close, Swansea, SA4.
This property benefits from being in a sought after location, great transport links, local amenities just a short distance away and being within a school catchment area.
The property comprises of entrance..."
"Purplebricks are pleased to offer for sale this 3 bedroom detached bungalow in the desired location of Clos Gwernen in Gowerton, Swansea, SA4.This property benefits from being in a sought after location, great transport links, local amenities just a short distance away and being within a school ..."
"Semi - Detached, Four Bedroom, Off Street Parking."
"This well presented four bedroom detached property in Birchgrove, Swansea. Located in the popular Parc Brynheulog estate the property is close to local amenities including schools, parks and is only a short drive to the M4 motorway and Swansea City Centre."
"New to the market is this well presented three bedroom, three reception room detached dorma bungalow offered for sale in Morriston, Swansea. Situated a short distance from Morriston town centre, local transport links and schools."
"A well presented three bedroom detached property on a cul de sac within the Ffordd Scott estate Birchgrove. The property boasts off road parking and garage, enclosed rear garden, three bedrooms one of which has an en suite, two reception rooms and is situated ideally for schools, parks, M4, s..."
"A three bedrooms detached family home located within the popular location of Tircoed Village, Penllergaer. Accommodation includes; entrance hallway, WC, sitting room, lounge, dining room, kitchen, utility and store room to ground floor. To the first floor are three bedrooms, family bathroom and m..."
"Council Tax Band - D We are excited to present this beautiful, 3 bedroom detached property located on the quiet cul de sac at Pen y Maes, Llangyfelach. Immaculately presented and boasting generous living areas, spacious bedrooms, off road parking and a garage. This property will appeal..."
"Detached, Three Bedroom, No Onward Chain."
"FREEHOLD Council Tax Band: C 360* Virtual Tour Available Online. WITH NO UPWARD CHAIN, we offer for sale this immaculate two bedroom detached bungalow, with off road parking for multiple vehicles and enclosed rear garden, in a highly desirable and sought after location ..."
A beautifully presented three double bedroom detached family home that has recently undergone a programme of modernisation to include a modern and stylish grey gloss kitchen with integrated appliances and has been tastefully decorated throughout. The spacious accommodation comprises to the ground...
"***Video tour available*** A well presented three storey four bedroom town house located within the sought after location of Parc Penderri, Penllergaer, close distance to Penllergaer woods, local schools, amenities and retail park. With easy access to the M4 with great transport to Carmarthen..."
"A modern detached family home, located in a popular residential area. Offering good access to local amenities which include schools, local shops and Swansea City Centre where the main shopping and leisure facilities are located. We believe the property would make an ideal family home or buy ..."
"Step into this cosy and well-presented detached family home situated in the convenient location of Cwmrhydyceirw, Swansea."
"A spacious, modern three bedroom detached dormer bungalow on the ever popular Simcox estate. This beautiful property boasts open plan kitchen/living room, three bedrooms, enclosed rear garden and is located ideally for schools, DVLA, Morriston Town, M4, shops and local amenities making it a p..."
"Please call Peter Alan Swansea on to book a viewing! An immaculately presented 3 bedroom detached family home offered for sale. Located in Fforestfach which is conveniently situated within close proximity to local shops, public transport links, M4 corridor, parks and schools."
"Purplebricks are delighted to offer for sale this lovely Detached Bungalow in the ever popular area of Cwmrhydyceirw. Offering 3 double bedrooms, a lounge /diner, kitchen, shower room, garage and driveway. There is a front garden and enclosed rear garden. Located conveniently for the M4, Morristo..."
"A well presented three bedroom semi-detached house offered for sale with tenant in situ and no ongoing chain. Situated in the popular residential area of Sketty, Swansea, Please call Peter Alan Swansea to arrange a viewing or book 24/7 on our website. Ideal investor opportunity."
"Council Tax Band - D Located in the sought after area of Treboeth in Swansea, with local and convenient access to the city centre, the nearby retail parks, and a few minutes walking distance to schools. This beautiful property is located on a quiet road and has been designed to take full adv..."
"Peter Alan Gorseinon are very pleased to offer a well presented 4 bedroom semi-detached house in the sought after area of Clos-Glanlliw, Pontlliw. Located in a quiet residential cul-de-sac with convenient links to the M4 motorway via junction 47."
"This property is a part refurbished four bedroom semi-detached house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated within close proximity to Morriston town, and good public transport links, Morriston hospital, M4 corridor and a short walk to Morriston park. Viewing is highly recommended."
"Detached, Three Bedroom, Off Street Parking."
""" Location, Location, Location"" Offered For Sale With No On Going Chain!
Sought After Development! Come and enjoy city life by the river with a rare opportunity to buy an immaculately presented 3 bedroom property on arguably one of the best estates closest to the city centre. Built on this rec..."
"This beautifully presented three bedroom detached property is located in the sought after village of Loughor. The neighbouring town Gorseinon offers plenty of amenities such as superstores, pubs, primary and secondary schools. Viewing is highly recommend and by appointment only."
"FREEHOLD Council Tax Band: D 360* Virtual Tour Available Online Set on the outskirts of Gorseinon town and conveniently located with just a short walk to all the local amenities, including Health Centre, shops & Gorseinon Hospital. We offer for sale this two bedroom det..."
"THIS IS CALLING OUT TO ALL FIRST TIME BUYERS, COUPLES & FAMILIES ALIKE! IMMACULATELY PRESENTED TO A SHOW HOUSE STANDARD BENEFITING FROM A LOW MAINTENANCE REAR GARDEN DRIVEWAY AND GARAGE. Purplebricks are pleased to offer for sale, what is in our opinion a great first time buyers, a family or ev..."
"This three bedroom semi-detached property on the sought after Vicarage Rd, Morriston. Conveniently located close to local amenities plus good access the M4 motorway and the DVLA."
"A well maintained 3 bedroom detached extended home located within a popular location within Gorseinon. Includes; spacious lounge, modern kitchen breakfast room, further sitting room/dining room and wet room with WC to ground floor. To the 1st floor are three bedrooms and bathroom. Enclosed rear g..."
"***Video tour available*** We are pleased to offer for sale this four bedroom semi detached property located in a sought after area of Gorseinon, in a Cul-de-sac location. Close to local amenities, schools and shops. With good access to the M4, Swansea City Centre and Llanelli. The accom..."
"An immaculately presented 4 bedroom semi detached house offered for sale. Situated in a Cul-De-Sac in Penlan and within close proximity to local shops, schools, public transport links and Morriston hospital. Please call Peter Alan Swansea on to arrange a viewing or book 24/7 online."
"Detached bungalow situated on a very sought after development. Three bedrooms. Lounge and separate dining area. Double glazing and gas central heating. Driveway for several vehicles and a detached garage. Convenient position for access to M4, hospital and shopping in Morriston centre. No chain."
"Bay fronted detached residence situated. Three bedrooms. Kitchen/dining room. Double glazing and gas combination heating. Driveway and garage. Enclosed rear garden with large decked seating area. Views over Swansea valley from the rear. Convenient for M4, hospital and shopping in Morriston centre. "
"An extended 3 bedroom detached property situated along Priors Way in the Heart of Dunvant that offers itself as a wonderful family home or first time purchase. The accommodation comprises entrance porch, cloakroom, hallway, a good size light and airy lounge/dining room with patio doors openi..."
******VENDOR IN THE PROCESS OF BUYING THE FREEHOLD***** An extended and extremely well presented 3-bedroom semi-detached property that offers its self as a wonderful family home or first time purchase situated along ridgeway in the heart of Killay within easy reach of all the local shops an...
"Rare opportunity to purchase this well presented 3 bedroom detached bungalow located on the popular Jersey Road in Bonymaen. The property enjoys easy access to Swansea City Centre, Swansea Enterprise Park, Liberty Stadium, the M4 Motorway, schools and an array of local amenities
This spacious fam..."
"This detached three bedroom bungalow is located in Morriston, Swansea. The properties location means it has easy access to Morriston park, the M4 motorway, Morriston hospital and the DVLA all around 10 minutes drive away."
"Situated in the popular village of Gowerton, this beautifully presented, three bedroom townhouse offers spacious living spread over three storeys. Benefitting from an open plan kitchen/diner/living area, separate utility room, ground floor w.c. as well as en-suite to the master and two si..."
"‘New to the market for Spring!
Situated on the popular Bayview Terrace, and with sea views, close to local amenities, fantastic transport links across Swansea and a short distance to local schools, colleges, Singleton Hospital and Swansea university. Ground floor: entrance hallway, front recepti..."
"A five bedroom licensed HMO property located close to Swansea City Centre. Currently let with a monthly income of £1,550 (excluding bills). The accommodation comprises to the ground floor; letting rooms one and two, w/c, communal lounge and kitchen. To the first floor are three further letting ro..."
"A well presented 3 bedroom detached house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated within close proximity to local shops, public transport links, schools and Swansea City centre. Please call Peter Alan Swansea to arrange a viewing or book 24/7 on our website."
"***Video tour available*** A four bedroom semi detached property offered for sale with no onward chain. Set in the popular location of Killay close to local amenities, shops, Dunvant Park, library and medical surgery. Within walking distance of local Primary Schools and in the catchment area..."
"Detached bungalow situated on a popular development. Three bedrooms. Modernised kitchen with integrated appliances. Double glazing and gas combination central heating. Drive and garage. Low maintenance rear garden. Situated on a bus route. Convenient location for access to M4, hospital and shoppi..."
"A Six bed HMO investment property located within 1 mile of the city centre and approx 1.5 miles from Swansea University Bay campus. This well maintained property is current earning approx £24,000 per annum (Gross), with tenants in situ until July 2023. Inc; modern kitchen, dining room, two ..."
"A period extended semi-detached property of good proportions that has been tastefully modernised and refurbished throughout by the current owner. The property is situated in the village of Gowerton, a popular area for all buyers as there are amenities, schools (both Welsh and English), shops and ..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to offer for sale this lovely detached three bedroom bungalow which is situated in a popular and quiet residential cul de sac. Situated within close proximity to Swansea City centre, out of town retail parks and the M4 motorway.
Benefiting from having a large lounge/din..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this three storey Home of Multiple Occupancy, licensed property situated in Mount Pleasant. Currently, the property is set up as five studio flats achieving approximately £2,680 pcm. The rent is inclusive of bills and the electric is metered per f..."
"Council Tax Band - E John Francis Sketty are excited to bring to the market this three bedroom semi-detached townhouse situated in the popular Llwyn Teg, Fforestfach. This modern property benefits from off road parking and detached garage. Downstairs, you are welcomed with a home..."
"A well presented 5 bedroom detached house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated within close proximity to local shops, public transport links, schools and M4 corridor. This ideal family home further benefits; off road parking, gas central heating and a garage. Please call Peter Alan."
"An end of terrace three bedroom property which is immaculately presented throughout being situated in a popular residential location. The accommodation comprises cloaks, open plan kitchen / lounge and conservatory to the ground floor with three bedrooms and family bathroom to "
"The Shaldon is a stunning new home featuring off-road parking, an open-plan kitchen/dining area with french doors to the rear garden, plus an en-suite to bedroom 1. Set in an ideal village location around 6 miles from Swansea city centre. "
"+++ Vendor in process of buying freehold ++++ A spacious extended detached modern property with integral garage and off road parking. Situated on the Elba housing estate, a popular location for many of buyers. The accommodation comprises of entrance hallway, cloakroom, open plan lo..."
"This property in our opinion would be ideal for investment purposes! This two bedroom apartment situated in Maritime Quarter, Swansea. The property is conveniently located close to local amenities including bars, restaurants, leisure centre and close to Swansea City Centre."
"A superb opportunity to acquire this versatile three bedroom end terrace family home situated in the sought after area of West Cross. This is a lovely home in a convenient location, close to the village of Mumbles with all the shops and amenities it has to offer as well as the sea front..."
"A 4 bedroom mid-terraced property offered for sale with sit in tenant and no ongoing chain. Located in Brynmill, Swansea. The property is conveniently located for Swansea University, Swansea City Centre and all local amenities. This is an ideal investment opportunity. Please call Peter Alan Swansea."
"* VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE * A modern three bedroom semi-detached family home located within a popular modern housing estate within Gowerton, Swansea. The well appointed accommodation includes; entrance hallway, modern kitchen with integrated appliances, WC, spacious lounge and conservatory to ground..."
"Council Tax Band: C FREEHOLD 360* Virtual Tour Available Online. With no upward chain, we offer for sale this ideal family home in the centre of Gorseinon, within walking distance of all the local amenities, including bus station, park, shops, restaurants, schools, coll..."
"A three bedroom semi detached property which is set in a cul de sac location in the popular residential area of Dunvant.  The property has been beautifully maintained and comprises entrance porch, lounge, dining room and fitted kitchen to the "
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND: C 360* Virtual Tour Available Online We offer for sale, what we consider to be a well presented three bedroom, semi-detached property, set back off the road with front and rear gardens and the added benefit of parking for two vehicles. The ..."
"New to the market ready for Spring! We are pleased to offer for sale this well presented, 3 bedroom family home with convenient links to the M4 , dvla and Morriston Hospital. The property is close to all local amenities being located in Skewen.
The home comprises of entrance hallway, spacious l..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to offer for sale, this semi-detached family home. The extended property is situated within a popular quiet location with good access to local shops, amenities, Fforestfach retail park, transport links and the M4. Viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate all ..."
"Purplebricks are pleased to offer for sale this well presented 3 bedroom house, superbly located for the train station and with local shops and amenities close by. You also have the choice of Welsh and English medium schools. The property benefits from having an en-suite, integral garage and kitc..."
"**Video Tour Available** A two bedroom, upper floor flat with garage located in Uplands, Swansea. Accommodation includes; entrance hall, spacious lounge with balcony, kitchen, two bedrooms with fitted wardrobes and four piece bathroom suite. Externally the property benefits from a garage with ele..."
"A semi detached property that has recently received modernisation and upgrading to a high standard. The accommodation has a hallway, cloakroom, family lounge and open plan modern kitchen/dining room. On the first floor are three bedrooms and a contemporary bathroom. Other benefits ..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to offer to the market this modern, three bedroom, end of terrace property in the popular location of Morriston. Conveniently located within close proximity to local shops, amenities, schools as well as excellent road links to Morfa Retail Park, Swansea City Centre and..."
"**Ideal Family Home * 4 Bedroom Semi Detached House * Sun Room * Front & Rear Garden * Garage** We are delighted to offer for sale this four-bedroom semi-detached house located in the heart of Sketty, offering the potential as a welcoming home just a short walk from Sketty high street and Singleton "
"Modernised detached bungalow. Three bedrooms. New kitchen and bathroom. Double glazing and gas combination heating. Driveway. Convenient for M4, hospital and shopping in the enterprise park. Available with no chain. Solar panels at the property will reduce electricity costs. Council tax band C"
"A three bedroom semi detached home in the highly sought after location of Dunvant, Swansea, SA2.
This desirable home has been modernised, with a conservatory added and benefits from being within several school catchment areas, boasts spacious accommodation with an enclosed rear garden. The home i..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase this four bedroom family home located in the popular area of Waunarlwydd road, Swansea, SA2.
The property benefits from being in a fantastic location for transport links across Swansea, a short distance to local schools and Gower college.
The home comprises of livin..."
"FREEHOLD Council Tax Band: C 360* Virtual Tour Available Online. With no upward chain, we offer for sale this two bedroom semi-detached bungalow, with detached garage and front and rear gardens. Located in the village of Loughor, within walking distance of schools, college,..."
"We proudly present this beautiful mid-terrace home in the desirable area of Swansea Bay Marina. The open floor plan of the ground floor really makes the most out of the square footage. This home also enjoys an abundance of natural light via dual aspect windows and a sets of French doors, genero..."
"***Video tour available*** NO CHAIN We are pleased to bring to the market a three bedroom middle terrace property situated in the popular location of Brynmill. Within five minutes walking distance to local primary schools, parks, sea front and Singleton Campus. Close to local amenities, rest..."
"COUNCIL TAX BAND - C A spacious family home or first time buy situated in the ever-popular area of Llansamlet. We are pleased to offer to the market this good size bungalow with three bedrooms, large living area, spacious bathroom and kitchen all on the same floor. To the re..."
"Detached, Two Bedroom, Off Street Parking."
"Purplebricks are pleased to offer for sale this 3 bedroom semi-detached house in the heart of Gorseinon. Close to all local amenities and good access the the M4, Swansea and Llanelli.
The property offers off road parking. There is NO FORWARD CHAIN involved in the sale of this property. Viewin..."
A Three bedroom property with off road parking and garage with no ongoing chain. Positioned with excellent access to local schools and amenities and good links to the major A roads. Ideal first time purchase.
"If You're Looking For Period Features With A Twist Of Modern - Then Look No Further! The current owners have renovated and modernised this three bed family home to an extremely high standard, making it ready to move straight into. This traditional stone fronted property has been styled perfe..."
A THIRD FLOOR TWO BEDROOM RETIREMENT APARTMENT BENEFITING FROM TWO PRIVATE BALCONIES Pantygwydr Court was constructed by McCarthy & Stone (Developments) Ltd and comprises 33 properties arranged over 3 floors each served by a lift. The Development Manager can be contacted from various points ...
"New to the market close to Easter!
A three bedroom semi detached family home in the sought after location of Clos Vernon Watkins, Swansea, SA4.
The home offers spacious living due to living/dining area to the ground floor and offers extras such as a conservatory, patioed driveway for extra parki..."
"Council Tax Band - C John Francis Sketty are pleased to bring to the market this stunning end of terrace property situated on Vivian Road, Sketty. In excellent location, this property offers convenient access to local amenities and shops situated just down the road. Downstairs, y..."
"A three bedroom semi detached property located along Woodcote in the heart of Killay within a short walk of the local park and the cycle track of Clyne. The accommodation has an entrance hallway, generous size light and airy lounge, modern fitted kitchen and dining room to the ground floor"
"Detached property. Three double bedrooms. Three separate reception rooms. Double glazing and gas combination heating. Driveway for several vehicles. Large rear garden backing onto woodland. Convenient for M4, hospital and shopping in Morriston centre. Available with no onward chain. Council tax b..."
EER D64 Council Tax Band D A lovely two bedroomed home is offered for sale in the ever popular West Cross. The property has been well maintained and updated over the years to include a downstairs shower room and further reception room. The accommodation briefly comprises two ...
This is a lovely Two Bedroom Cottage of superior quality situated in an established setting with an eye catching semi rural back drop. There are local amenities at the nearby village of Gowerton with Swansea City Centre only a fifteen minute drive away. Road links to the delightful Gower Peninsul...
"Peter Alan Gorseinon are pleased to offer this 3 bedroom semi-detached property to the market in the popular location of Penyrheol road, Gorseinon. Located close to schools, shops and other local amenities, plus good transport links to the M4 motorway."
"John Francis is excited to bring to the market this well presented Four bedroom family home, in the sought-after Springfield Street, Morriston. This beautiful family home offers extensive living accommodation, with charming original features and a modern twist. There are multiple living rooms, as..."
"This traditional three bedroom detached house is offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated in Morriston centre and within walking distance to local schools, shops and transport links."
"This excellent terraced home offers two reception rooms, a modern fitted kitchen, three sizeable bedrooms and a three-piece bathroom. Externally, the property boasts a rear garden."
"Immaculate two double bedroom modern semi detached property, located within walking distance of the Swansea train Station, City Centre and River walks linking to SA1 and the ever popular Marina. Location benefits from being within close proximity to the M4 and University Campus.
The well present..."
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND C 360* Virtual Tour Online. An ideal opportunity to purchase a three bedroom property, situated within the popular 'Parc Penllergaer' development. This freehold property benefits from a gas central heating system and double-glazing and briefl..."
"FREEHOLD Council Tax Band: D Set within a development of similar properties, we offer for sale this well presented three bedroom mid terraced town house. Approximately three years old this house benefits from lounge, kitchen / dining room with patio doors leading to the enclosed..."
"An immaculately presented recently renovated 2 bedroom semi detached house offered for sale. Situated within close proximity to local shops, public transport links, schools and Swansea City centre. Please call Peter Alan Swansea to arrange a viewing or book 24/7 on our website."
"***Video tour available*** We are pleased to bring to the market a three bedroom semi detached property situated in the sought area of Cockett. Conveniently located to local schools, shops and amenities. With great transport links to Swansea City Centre, FForestfach Retail Parc and the M4 c..."
"This Stunning 2 bedroom bungalow sits in a lovely quiet cul-de-sac in Grovesend, with large reception rooms, a large garden, great access to facilities and motorways. area. Viewing is highly recommended please contact our Gorseinon office on "
"A modern semi-detached home located within the popular location of Treboeth, Swansea. Includes: spacious through lounge dining room, utility area and kitchen to ground floor, three bedrooms and bathroom to first floor. Externally are front and enclosed rear gardens with detached garage and drivew..."
"* Coming Soon * A 3 bed plus attic room semi-detached home, includes; entrance hallway, spacious lounge dining room, kitchen and bathroom to ground floor. Bed 1 (ensuite shower room), Bedroom 2 (ensuite WC), Bedroom 3 to 1st floor. Enclosed rear garden, detached garage, scope to convert to accomm..."
"Immaculate two double bedroom modern mid terrace property, located within walking distance of the Train Station, City Centre and River walks linking to SA1 and the Marina. Convenient for the M4 and University Campus. The well proportioned property briefly comprises; entrance hallway, fitted kitch..."
"Detached bungalow situated on a popular development. Two double bedrooms. Double glazing and gas central heating. Level garden. Driveway for several vehicles. Convenient location for access to the M4, hospital and shopping in Morriston centre. Available with no onward chain. Council tax band C."
"**** 2 STOREY GARAGE / WORKSHOP **** A traditional mid terrace property located in the ever popular Brynmill. Offering good access to Swansea foreshore, local shops on Bryn y Mor Road and the city centre. The accommodation offers 2 reception rooms, kitchen and bathroom to the ground floor, whilst..."
"Council Tax Band - B John Francis is pleased to bring to the market this exceptional end of terrace property situated in the popular Manselton. This rare opportunity of a property to this scale has come up and it is not to be missed!! Comprising of three large reception rooms, a ..."
"A well presented, three bedroom semi-detached house located within the desirable location of Fforestfach, Swansea. Accommodation includes; entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen diner with patio doors leading onto the garden, a modern first floor bathroom and three bedrooms. Externally the property ha..."
"A two bedroom upper floor apartment located in a vibrant area of SA1 offered for sale with sit in tenant. The property is within close proximity to local restaurants, bars and shops whilst also convenient for the University Bay Campus & M4 corridor. Please call Peter Alan to book."
"Purplebricks are pleased to offer for sale this traditional 2 bedroom mid terrace property situated in this very popular and sought after location within walking distance of the vibrant Uplands with its many bars and restaurants, and close to both Swansea University and Singleton Hospital. Ther..."
"New to the market is this well presented semi-detached dorma bungalow offered for sale with no ongoing chain, conveniently located in a quiet cul de sac location close to local school, shops and amenities including the railway station."
"FREEHOLD Council Tax Band: C 360* Virtual Tour Available Online We offer for sale, this three bedroom semi-detached family home, set within the ever popular Garden Village area of Gorseinon. With two reception rooms including a substantial lounge/dining room and a sep..."
"Offered with no ongoing chain is this beautifully presented two bedroom detached property benefiting from a modern kitchen/diner, conservatory, w/c, long rear garden and garage. Set in a popular location close to Fforestfach Retail Parc with easy access to the M4 and the City Centre. View..."
"Three Bedroom, Off Street Parking, No Onward Chain."
"Semi detached property situated on popular development. Three bedrooms. Kitchen/breakfast room. Double glazing and gas combination heating. Parking and single garage. Rear pedestrian access. Views towards woodland and over Swansea valley from the rear. Convenient for M4, hospital and local schools. "
"Purplebricks offer to the market, with no ongoing chain this semi detached, two bedroom property in the popular location of West Cross. Conveniently located just a short walk to neighbouring shops and eateries and only a short drive to Mumbles village where an array of local amenities, cafés and..."
"New to the market for Spring!
A three bedroom semi detached family home in the sought after location of Frampton Road, Swansea, SA4.
The home is in a modern condition offering spacious living due to living/dining area to the ground floor.
The location is ideal for local schools, amenities or tran..."
"EER 72 Council Tax Band D A well maintained family sized home. Accommodation comprises two reception rooms, kitchen downstairs shower room and separate WC, four bedrooms and bathroom upstairs. Externally there is an enclosed low maintenance patio garden . Ambleside ..."
"A well presented 3 bedroom detached house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated in Fforestfach and within close proximity to local shops, public transport links and schools. Please contact Peter Alan Swansea to arrange a viewing or book 24/7 on our website."
"A well presented home in Dunvant, available CHAIN FREE and VACANT for immediate possession. Call for details. Bettermove are proud to present this 2 bedroom detached bungalow in Dunvant, Swansea available with no forward chain.The property benefits from double glazing, gas c..."
"**Please see video tour** A three storey mid terrace property which has been spilt into three separate apartments, which include a two bedroom ground floor apartment, a first floor studio and a two bedroom duplex apartment. Externally is an enclosed rear garden with parking accessed from Woodland..."
"Council Tax Band - D John Francis is excited to bring to the market this fabulous two bedroom cottage-style property on Gower Road, Sketty to be sold through Modern Method of Auction. There's more than meets the eye with this mid-terrace house. Benefiting from a cosy living area and v..."
"* Video Tour Available * A three bedroom end link home located within a very popular location within Fforestfach, Swansea. Accommodation includes: entrance hall, lounge dining room and modern kitchen to ground floor. To the first floor are three bedrooms and bathroom. Externally the property has ..."
"***COMING SOON - The Brunel Wood Apartments is a stunning new development from Hygrove Homes*** Apartments will be ready for occupation from late 2023. They are situated on the periphery of the popular residential development of Brunel Wood nestled in the heart of Swansea, rig..."
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND C 360* Virtual Tour Online NO ONWARD CHAIN Set in a quiet cul de sac location conveniently situated on the outskirts of Gorseinon, we offer for sale this two bedroom property, benefitting from a reception room, kitchen and bathroom a..."
"Council Tax Band - C NO ONWARD CHAIN John Francis Swansea are excited to bring to the market this two bedroom semi-detached property located in Clos Rhedyn, Cwmrhydyceirw. Cwmrhydyceirw is located on the outskirts of Morriston and a short journey from Swansea City Centre with goo..."
"***Video tour available*** A three bedroom semi detached property offered for sale with no onward chain. Ideally located in the popular area of Morriston. Close to local schools, shops and amenities, with great transport links to Swansea City Centre, Morfa retail Parc and the M4. The a..."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom semi detached property in the ever popular town of Morriston. The property boasts three bedrooms, loft room, enclosed rear garden, off road parking and is located ideally for schools, DVLA,, supermarkets, M4 and local amenities making i..."
"New to the market for Spring!
Three bedroom, semi detached, family home in modern condition located in the popular area of Richmond road, Loughor, Swansea, SA4.
The property comprises of entrance hallway, Living/dining room, kitchen and extension room to the rear of the home. Low maintenance gard..."
"Set on a quiet residential street this three bedroom mid-terrace property situated in a popular and sought after spot in Port Tennant, benefitting from easy access to Swansea's Bay University and City Centre. We feel this would make an ideal first time buy or investment, and boasts gre..."
"**Ideal First Time Buyers Property**Well presented two double bedroom semi detached property, this well presented home consists of lounge/diner with French doors to low maintenance rear garden, cloakroom & bathroom. In our opinion this is an ideal first time buy . Viewing highly recommended. ..."
"A well presented one or two bedroom detached bungalow offered for sale located in Morriston, Swansea. Situated just a short distance from Morriston town centre, local transport links and local schools."
"An immaculately presented two double bedroom home located in the sought after village of Birchgrove, Swansea and is situated in a cul-de-sac within a few minutes to the M4 corridor, local schools, and local amenities."
"A 3 bedroom semi detached house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated in Cockett a sought after location for its convenience to local shops, schools and public transport links. Please call Peter Alan Swansea to arrange a viewing or book 24/7 on our website."
"*** Video tour available*** A two bedroom semi detached property offered for sale in a cul-de-sac located in the popular area of Birchgrove. The property is close to local amenities including schools, parks and shops, a short drive to the M4 motorway, with good transport links to Swansea C..."
"A Beautifully Presented Property In Sought After Area. Built in 2018, this modern style property is very well presented and situated in a modern development near Swansea City Centre. The location provides convenient access to many of the amenities the City Centre has to offer, including Swan..."
"A 3 bedroom mid-terraced house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated in Swansea, within walking distance to town centre, local shops, public transport links, local bars, restaurants and Swansea beach fronts. This is an ideal first time or investor opportunity. Call Peter Alan to book."
"Purplebricks are pleased to offer for sale this two bedroom ground floor apartment situated in the popular Swansea Marina, offering views across the Marina. The property comprises of, an entrance hallway, lounge area with balcony (overlooking the Marina), into kitchen area, 2 bedrooms and bathroo..."
"***Video tour available*** A three bedroom end of terrace property offered for sale with no onward chain in the sought after residential area of Sketty within close proximity to Singleton Hospital, the University, good transport links to Swansea City Centre and Uplands, excellent school catch..."
"New to the market for 2023!
Three bedroom semi-detached property situated in the popular village of Waunarlwydd. Ideal location for local amenities, great transport links across Swansea and within school catchment areas.
The home comprises of entrance porch, lounge, kitchen/dining area, downstair..."
"COUNCIL TAX BAND: C FREEHOLD 360* Virtual Tour Available Online. Conveniently situated on the outskirts of Gorseinon, this three bedroom property benefits from two reception rooms, kitchen and an upstairs bathroom as well as an enclosed rear garden, garage and parking f..."
"A lovely three bedroom middle terraced property in the ever popular area of Manselton. The property has a good size kitchen/dining room, enclosed rear garden and is situated ideally for schools, Morfa and Fforestfach retail parks, Swansea.com stadium, parks, shops and local amenities making i..."
"A 4-storey mid terraced property situated within a popular location. Includes; 3 double bedrooms, 3 reception rooms, kitchen, shower room, enclosed rear garden, requires some refurbishment, close to Swansea Bay, Parks and Swansea University. No chain. Council Tax Band D."
An attractive Two Bedroom Second Floor Flat for age group 60 and over in an impressive purpose built development close to the lovely community and shopping centre of Uplands. There are excellent road links to Swansea City Centre and to The Gower Peninsular while the wonderful parks of Brynmill an...
"* VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE * A well presented and spacious ground floor flat situated close to the heart of Sketty, Swansea. Accommodation includes; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen breakfast room, bedroom plus study. Externally there is a wrap around garden to front and side with enclosed rear garden ..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this spacious terrace property in the ever-popular area of Sandfields. The property is conveniently located to The City Centre and Swansea's new Arena. Further benefits are good transport links to Singleton Hospital, Swansea University and Swansea beach is wi..."
"A well presented 2 bedroom apartment offered for sale with no ongoing chain and sit in tenant. Situated within close proximity to local shops, public transport links and Swansea beach front. To the outside there is allocated parking for 1 vehicle. Please call Peter Alan Swansea to arrange a viewing."
"Please call Peter Alan Swansea to arrange a viewing on or book 24/7 on our website. A well presented 3 double bedroom detached house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated within close proximity to local shops, public transport links, schools and the M4 corridor."
"Situated in the heart of the lovely suburb of Port Tennant, this spacious mid-terrace house would be ideal for both first time buyers and buy-to-let investors alike. The property has been upgraded and redecorated by the current owners, and boasts family space including two reception rooms an..."
"Council Tax Band - C NO ONWARD CHAIN EPC Rating - C PUBLIC NOTICE: We are acting in the sale of the above property, and have receieved an offer of £170,000. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchang..."
"A spacious two bedroom first floor apartment in the popular residential development of Brunel Wood nestled in the heart of Swansea, right on the doorstep of all the social and shopping amenities and employment this vibrant city has to offer. The apartment will have a contemporary styled ..."
"A beautiful three bedroom middle terraced property that has recently undergone a full refurbishment in the sought after location of Brynhyfryd. The refurbishment works carried out include, modern grey gloss kitchen with oven, hob and extractor, floor tiles to lounge/dining room, cloakroom and sho..."
"A spacious two bedroom ground floor apartment in this popular residential development of Brunel Wood nestled in the heart of Swansea, right on the doorstep of all the social and shopping amenities and employment this vibrant city has to offer. The apartment will have a contemporary style..."
"***Video tour available*** We are pleased to bring to the market a well presented two bedroom middle terrace property conveniently located within walking distance to Swansea City Centre and The Sea Front, close to local schools, shops, amenities. With great transport links to Singleton Hospit..."
"Show Home Open by appointment Only. Brand new first floor 2 bedroom apartment, available on the extremely popular Brunel Wood site. With its low maintenance and convenient location this apartment would suit and investor or anyone with a busy lifestyle. Parking space included! FOR FURT..."
"Show Home Open by appointment Only. Brand new ground floor 2 bedroom apartment, available on the extremely popular Brunel Wood site. With its low maintenance and convenient location this apartment would suit and investor or anyone with a busy lifestyle. Parking space included! FOR FUR..."
"A Family Home situated in the Popular and Sought after area of Manselton. This three bedroom property boosts a family space with two receptions rooms, a modern kitchen designed for easy use and good size rear garden. Dating back to the pre-war era, some period features remain giving this pr..."
"An immaculately presented, recently renovated 4 bedroom terraced house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated within walking distance to Swansea City centre, public transport links and local shops. Please call Peter Alan Swansea on to arrange a viewing or book 24/7 online."
"Viewing Recommended! Peter Alan Swansea has the pleasure to introduce this two bedroom third floor apartment located in a vibrant area of SA1. The property is within close proximity to local restaurants, bars & shops whilst also convenient for the University Bay Campus & M4 Corridor."
"FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION - Lot 64 - Property for Investment; ONLINE AUCTION from 7th MARCH-9th MARCH A three bed maisonette apartment located in a convenient location, close to all amenities and within close proximity to the beach front. This bay fronted apartment is ideal for those l..."
"Peter Alan are pleased to present to the sales market this two bedroom, second floor apartment located within easy reach of the beach and enjoys views over the Marina from the rear. The accommodation comprises of: Hallway, lounge with sit-out balcony, fitted kitchen with appliances,"
"Beautiful Detached Bungalow on the outskirts of Swansea. The accommodation briefly comprises a large Living Room with open plan Kitchen, Two bedrooms and a good sized bathroom.
"
"VIEWINGS AVAILABLE 23/3 ONWARDS - We are proud to offer this Two Bedroom Mid Terrace House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £160,000 - £170,000*"
"A 3 bedroom modern style property in the sought after location of Penllergaer. entrance hallway, kitchen, lounge, groundfloor w.c, two bedrooms and family bathroom. No Chain,"
"A beautifully presented three bedroom end of terrace property with breathtaking panoramic views of Swansea. Located on the sought after Trewyddfa Road, within walking distance of Morriston Town, Liberty Stadium and short drive from schools, hospital, local amenities and easy access to M4. The..."
"Traditional semi detached property. Two/three bedrooms. Two reception rooms. Double glazing and gas central heating. Large basement area. Large parking area and garage/workshop to the rear. Convenient location for access to the M4, hospital and shopping. Available with no chain. Council tax band B."
"Mid terrace property that has been split into two self contained one bedroom apartments. Rear vehicle access and parking area. First floor apartment has balcony and staircase from the rear. Both apartments are well presented throughout. Convenient location for access to M4, Hospital and local sho..."
Brand New Park Home (36'x20') | FULLY FURNISHED | Traditionally Styled Park Home | Contemporary Fitted Kitchen | Master Bedroom with En suite | Excellent Location and Established Friendly Community | Private Parking | Close to Local Amenities | Part Exchange Available
"A three bedroom mid link property that offers itself as an ideal first time purchase, family home or investment opportunity. The accommodation comprises entrance hallway, lounge, dining room and fitted kitchen to the ground floor, whilst to the first floor there are 3 bedrooms and a bathroom..."
Modern mid link property with views of the River Tawe. 3 double bedrooms and spacious lounge/diner. Enclosed low maintenance garden to rear. in walking distance of Ystradgynlais Town Centre with its many amenities. Popular location built 22 years ago on the site of the Old Butchers Arms.
"This one bedroom apartment situated in Maritime Quarter, Swansea. The property is conveniently located close to local amenities including bars, restaurants, leisure centre and close to Swansea City Centre. Viewing Highly Recommended!"
"John Francis are pleased to announce to the market this three bedroom mid-terrace property in Landore that is being offered with NO CHAIN. Comprising of three reception rooms, kitchen, study, bathroom & shower room, two double bedrooms and a single bedroom. This property requires moderni..."
"Semi - Detached, Two Bedroom, Open Plan Lounge/Diner."
"A spacious three bedroom semi detached property with good links to City Centre and M4. The property has a detached garage, enclosed rear garden, conservatory and is situated ideally for schools, parks, Morfa retail park shops and local amenities making it a perfect family home or first time p..."
"COUNCIL TAX BAND C 360* Virtual Tour Available Online. Conveniently situated on the outskirts of Gorseinon, this three bedroom property benefits from two reception rooms, kitchen and an upstairs bathroom as well as an enclosed rear garden. The property also benefits fro..."
"A well-presented recently decorated two bedroom terraced house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated in the popular Parc Bryn Heulog Estate in Birchgrove and within close proximity to local shops, schools and M4 corridor."
"A well presented three bedroom mid terraced house offered for sale with no on-going chain. Conveniently located to local amenities, Swansea City Centre, access to the M4 corridor and Fforestfach Retail Park. Further benefits; gas central heating and double glazing and is modern throughout."
"A well presented, recently renovated 4 bedroom end terraced house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated in Landore, sought after for it's convenient links to local shops, schools and public transport links. This is an ideal first time or investment opportunity. Please call to book."
"Mid link property. Two double bedrooms. Kitchen/breakfast room. Double glazing and gas combination heating. Conservatory. Driveway. Convenient for M4, hospital and shopping in Morriston centre. Available with no onward chain. Ideal first purchase or buy to let. Council tax band B."
Bidding opens Monday 27th March 2023 at 12:00 and closes Wednesday 29th March 2023 at 12:00.
"**360 VITUAL TOUR AVAILABLE*** Council Tax Band - John Francis are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom, mid terrace property situated in the popular Portia Terrace. Having recently undergone full refurbishment, this property requires no work and can be moved s..."
"FREEHOLD Council Tax Band: B 360* Virtual Tour Available Online We offer for sale, this three bedroom end terrace family home, set within the ever popular town of Gorseinon. With three reception rooms including two reception rooms and a dining room. The property also..."
"Council Tax Band - C We are pleased to bring to the market this immaculate one bedroom flat located on the beachfront on Oystermouth Road. Prevously rented, this property boasts character perfect for the seafront. For sale fully furnished, this property is perfect for someone loo..."
"Calling All First Time Buyers! This beautifully presented family home is located on the outskirts of Swansea’s’ cosmopolitan city centre. The current owners have created a gorgeous and tranquil property, ready to move straight into. By opening up the accommodation, they have prod..."
"A three bedroom terrace home situated conveniently for Morriston Town, M4, DVLA, Hospital and schools. The accommodation comprises to the ground floor of an entrance hall, lounge/dining room, kitchen/breakfast room and bathroom. On the first floor you will find three bedrooms and a show..."
"Council Tax Band - B John Francis is pleased to bring to the market this two bedroom end of terrace property situated in the fabulous location of Waun-Y-Pistyll, Treboeth. Benefiting from the bigger plot, this property benefits from a large garden with side access from the front pedestr..."
"Council Tax Band - B John Francis are pleased to bring to the market this well-presented three bedroom mid-terrace property situated in Verig Street, Manselton. On entrance, you are welcomed with a modern yet homely feel. The living/dining area is a fabulous size and benefits fro..."
"A large garden is available on this end of terraced property, with the summer months coming this could be a huge benefit to families. With easy access to the local amenities, schools and transport links. Two reception rooms, bathroom, kitchen and three bedrooms."
"GUIDE PRICE £90,000 - £100,000 For sale by online auction for further details and to view the Auction Pack please visit our website Bidding opens Midday Tuesday 11th April and closes Midday Wednesday 12th April. A plot of land in the popular village of Pontlliw with de..."
"New to the market for 2023!
This two bedroom mid-terrace property is situated in the popular village of Waunarlwydd. Ideally set for local amenities, great road links throughout Swansea and within school catchment areas.
The home comprises of entrance porch, lounge and kitchen leading to rear enc..."
"A 2 double bedroom second floor apartment offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated in the heart of Swansea City Centre, within walking distance to local shops, public transport links, beach front and restaurants. Please call Peter Alan Swansea to arrange a viewing or book 24/7 online."
"FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION 17th May 2023. A semi-detached cottage in need of updating conveniently located for the out of town shopping complex at Fforestfach and with easy access to Swansea City Centre, M4 corridor at Penllergaer Junction 47. The property is situated on an extensiv..."
"LEASEHOLD ***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** COUNCIL TAX BAND B We are delighted to offer to the market this well presented 2-bedroom terraced house on Lon Enfys in Llansamlet. The property offers a well-adapted layout, offering spacious and comfortable accommodatio..."
"New to the market for Spring!
Mid terrace two bedroom home located in the heart of Gowerton village.
The property is in a great condition and offers NO CHAIN.
Location benefits being within local school catchment area, local amenities and fantastic transport links.
Home comprises of entrance hall..."
"Tyron Ash Real Estate are proud to bring to market this 3 bedroom detached family home in Gowerton, Swansea, which is ideal for families or for an investment property"
"John Francis is pleased to bring to the market this two bedroom, immaculately presented flat located in the ever popular Runnymede, Sketty. Comprising of one double bedroom at the front of the flat, fitted with wardrobes for plenty of storage space. The second bedroom is a good sized single..."
Purplebricks are pleased to offer for sale this recently renovated 3 bedroom middle terraced property. Located in an ever popular and convenient location in Morriston. The current owner has put some high quality flooring in and dimmer switches to mention just some of the recent work carried out. ...
"Council Tax Band - B John Francis are pleased to bring to the open market this four bedroom detached property located in Landore, Swansea. A perfect investment property or for a first-time-buyer for someone looking to put their own stamp on a property. Situated in perfect locatio..."
"Two bedroom terraced home locatedin the popular location of Portia terrace, Swansea, SA1.
The property location benefits from being close to Swansea Uni, City Centre and easy acces to the M4. The home comprises of living dining room, kitchen and access to the garden all to the ground floor. Firs..."
"A 3 double bedroom double fronted mid terraced house offered for sale with sit in tenant and no ongoing chain. Situated in Townhill, within walking distance to local shops, schools and public transport links. Please call Peter Alan to arrange a viewing or book 24/7 on our website."
"Terraced, Two Bedroom, No Onward Chain."
"If You're Looking For A Glorious Garden, Period Features With A Twist Of Modern - Then Look No Further! The current owner has presented and up kept this property to a high standard, making it ready to move straight into. This traditional mid-terrace property has been styled perfectly to comp..."
"A 3 bedroom mid terraced house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Located in Ravenhill and situated within close proximity to local shops, public transport links and local schools. Please call Peter Alan Swansea on to arrange a viewing or book 24/7 on our website."
"**REDUCED NOW Guide Price £140,000 TO £150,000****WELL PRESENTED SEMI DETACHED PROPERTY**THREE BEDROOMS**LIVING ROOM**DINING ROOM**KITCHEN**FAMILY BATHROOM**LARGE REAR GARDEN**CLOSE TO LOCAL SHOPS AND AMENITIES**Pinkmove are pleased to present this lovely three bedroom semi-detached prop"
"We are pleased to present this 3 bedroom terraced house located in the city of Swansea The property consists of – Living room, Kitchen/diner, Three bedrooms, Bathroom and WC This property offers well-proportioned accommodation arranged over two floors and is situated close to daily amenit..."
"Semi detached property. Two bedrooms. Double glazing and gas central heating. Enclosed rear garden. Cul de sac location. Convenient for access to M4, Hospital, DVLA and shopping in Morriston centre. Ideal first purchase or buy to let. Council tax band A."
"***Video Tour Available*** A well presented two bedroom semi detached property offered for sale with no onward chain. Ideally located for local schools, Morfa retail park, Swansea.com Stadium, shops and local amenities. Great transport links to Swansea City Centre and the M4. The accommoda..."
This attractive Two Bedroom Second Floor Flat in a cul-de-sac location nestles into the heart of The Copper Quarter overlooking The River Tawe from balconies to Living Room and Main Bedroom. There are lovely riverside walks and landscaped areas nearby superb shopping facilities and excellent road...
"A three bedroom end terrace property in need of modernisation in the sought after area of Manselton. The property has three double bedrooms, two reception rooms, enclosed rear garden and is located ideally for schools, Morfa retail park, stadium, City Centre, shops and local amenities making ..."
"A four bedroom mid-terrace house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated in Port Tennant, Swansea which is conveniently located for all local amenities, Swansea Marina, Swansea City Centre and Swansea University Bay Campus as well as the M4 Corridor. Call Peter Alan to book."
"Please call Peter Alan Swansea on to book. A 2 bedroom first floor apartment offered for sale with sit in tenant and no ongoing chain. Situated in a sought after location and within close proximity to local shops, Swansea City centre, public transport links and Morfa Retail park."
"This spacious apartment with private allocated parking is considered an excellent opportunity for investment or first time buy. Upon entering the property you are greeted by the entrance hall. The light and airy accommodation offers a good sized lounge, kitchen, bathroom and two double bedro..."
"Council Tax Band - B John Francis Sketty is pleased to bring to the market this two bedroom semi-detached property in Fforestfach. This property is perfect for a first-time-buyer or someone looking to get on the property ladder. This property comprises on two double bedrooms, a s..."
"Two double bedroom, spacious home located in the sought after area of Lan Street, Swansea, SA6.
This home is in an ideal location for local amenities, transport links and being within a school catchment area.
The home comprises of an open plan lounge and dining area, Kitchen with access to the re..."
"***Video tour available*** A four bedroom semi detached property in the sought after area of Birchgrove. The property is conveniently located close to local schools, shops, parks and amenities. With easy access to the M4, Swansea City Centre and Morriston Hospital. The accommodation com..."
"Terraced, Two Bedroom, Off Street Parking."
A 3 bedroom mid-terraced house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated within walking distance to Swansea City centre and public transport links. This is an ideal first time or investment opportunity ideal for student accommodation. Call to book.
"A well presented 1 bedroom 3rd floor apartment offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated in Maritime Quarter which is sought after for it's short walking distance to local shops, bars, restaurants and the beach front. Please call Peter Alan Swansea to arrange a viewing or book online."
Peter Alan are pleased to market this beautifully presented two bedroom apartment in the Bryngwyn Village which has been refurbished to a high standard.This apartment would be ideal for first time buyer or ideal for an investment opportunity. Viewing is highly recommended!
"New to the market and offered with no ongoing chain is this two bedroom semi detached house situated within close proximity to Morriston town centre, local schools, shops and M4 transport links"
"Peter Alan are pleased to market this beautifully presented two bedroom flat in the Bryngwyn Village. This flat is close to Gorseinon Town Centre with plenty of amenities such as supermarkets, pubs, shops and Welsh and English Primary and Secondary schools."
"Council Tax Band - B John Francis are excited to bring to the market this modern, ground floor flat situated on Aneurin Way, Sketty. This well-presented flat has many benefits and is attractive to a first-time-buyer or buy-to-let investor. This property benefits from a modern and ..."
"Fantastic opportunity to acquire an apartment that has been a very successful investment property in the ever popular location of Swansea Marina.
Situated in the heart of Swansea Marina and with close proximity to the beach and local amenities.
This second floor apartment offers two double bedroo..."
"*VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE* Offered for sale with No Chain the spacious ground floor retirement apartment for over 60's which is within walking distance of all the amenities Sketty has to offer including; shops, doctors surgery, Singleton Park and a short distance from Swansea Bay seafront. ..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! NEW CARPETS! NEW DECOR ! GREAT FIRST TIME PURCHASE! MINUTES DRIVE TO SWANSEA CITY & LIBERTY STADIUM ! DON'T DELAY DOWN LOAD OUR APP & BOOK A VIEWING TODAY 24/7 !
Viewing is recommended If you are looking for a property you can make your home and have great access to the city cen..."
"Wonderfully presented 2 bed, mid terraced house, located in Brynhyfryd, Swansea. Comprises of: Warm and welcoming entrance hallway Spacious, bright and airy lounge / dining room Modern, well-appointed kitchen with base and wall units Master bedroom Second large..."
Council Tax Band - B NO ONWARD CHAIN John Francis are pleased to bring to the market this perfect opportunity for over 55's in this sought after retirement complex. Boasting plenty of living space and prime location with local amenities and shops close by. This property is ...
"A three bedroom end of terrace house located in Cwmdu, Swansea. Accommodation includes; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, ground floor bathroom and three bedrooms, with bedroom 3 having an en-suite w.c. Externally the property benefits from a sizeable rear garden. Property requires modernising but ..."
"Purplebricks are delighted to offer to the market, with no ongoing chain, this two bedroom, mid terrace property in the popular location of Manselton. Conveniently located close to local amenities, transport links and good access to Swansea City Centre. The property comprises of entrance hallwa..."
"Mid terrace property. Three bedrooms. Spacious lounge/dining room. Modern kitchen. Double glazing and gas combination heating. Rear access from Pentremalwed Road. Convenient for access to M4, hospital and shopping in Morriston centre. Available with no onward chain. Council tax band B."
"Ideal investment or first time purchase, We are delighted to offer for sale via our modern method of Auction, a three bedroom semi detached property in need of modernisation."
A lovely One Bedroom Second Floor Apartment with Balcony by McCarthy and Stone for age group 60 and over in a modern purpose built complex on the edge of Sketty Road bordered with mature trees providing seclusion and privacy. This eye catching superior development is only a short distance from th...
"A 3 bedroom mid terraced house offered for sale. Situated within close proximity to local shops, schools and public transport links. This is an ideal firs time or investor opportunity. Please call Peter Alan Swansea on or book 24/7 on our website."
"A Well Presented Traditional End Terrace - Fab First Time Buy! Located in a popular residential area offering good access to the Liberty Stadium and Parc Morfa retail park. The property has been re-modernised by the current owner, to a good standard and benefits from double glazing, thr..."
"A potential investment or buy to let investment opportunity situated in Morriston, which gives you good access to the M4, Morriston Hospital and Swansea City centre. The property requires work throughout, but offers large living space and lots of potential."
"If you're looking for the perfect first time purchase in a convenient location, then look no further! We offer for sale, in our opinion, a delightful, two bedroom, mid-terrace house in Wern Road, Landore. Benefitting from a 23' Lounge/Dining Room with dual aspect windows immersing the room ..."
"Please call Peter Alan Swansea to arrange a viewing on or book 24/7 on our website. A 3 bedroom mid terraced house offered for sale. Situated within close proximity to local shops, public transport links and schools. This is an ideal family home and first time opportunity."
"John Francis is excited to bring to the market this two bedroom, mid terrace property located in the popular Manselton. Manselton has becoming a very sought after and popular residential area of late. You will find many local amenities, schools and public transports links close by. A ..."
Council Tax Band - B John Francis are pleased to bring to the market this two bedroom mid terrace property situated in the popular area of Manselton. This property boasts potential and will be ideal for first-time buyers or buy-to-let investors. Located in close proximity to Swans...
We are proud to offer this Two Bedroom Terraced House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.
"A well maintained ground floor apartment offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated within close proximity to local shops, public transport links, local surgeries and beach fronts. The property further benefits; communal lounge, communal wash room and communal parking. Viewing recommended!"
"End of terrace property. Three bedrooms. Double glazing and gas central heating. Enclosed rear garden. Driveway and garage. Available with no onward chain. Convenient location for access to the M4, Morriston hospital and shopping in Morriston centre. Council tax B"
"Purplebricks are pleased to offer for sale this2 bedroom middle terrace property located in the SA1 - Port Tennant area of Swansea. This mid terraced property is being sold with NO FORWARD CHAIN and the property to the ground floor comprises of entrance hall, lounge, diner, kitchen/breakfast room..."
"We are pleased to able to offer for sale a unique bungalow at Woodland Park in Gowerton. The property consists of three Bedrooms, bathroom, open plan kitchen sitting room. The property is freehold and is on leased land so there is a small monthly charge for the services provided."
"FREEHOLD Council Tax Band: C 360* Virtual Tour Available online. With no upward chain, we offer for sale this three bedroomed family home which would benefit from some modernisation. It is located within walking distance of local shops and local amenities including doctors..."
"Peter Alan are pleased to market this well presented two bedroom apartment in the Bryngwyn Village. The property is situated close to Gorseinon Town Centre with plenty of amenities such as supermarkets, restaurants, shops and Welsh and English Primary and Secondary schools."
"***Video Tour Available*** A well presented one bedroom retirement apartment on the first floor, located in between the popular areas of Sketty and Uplands. A short walk away from local amenities, doctors surgery, Brynmill Park, great transport links and easy access to Swansea City Centre, Sk..."
"A two bedroom retirement apartment on the second floor in the Convenient location of Sketty with a chemist, post office, supermarket, local amenities, bus stop with good transport links to Swansea City Centre, Singleton Hospital and Mumbles. The accommodation comprises of an entrance hallway, l..."
"This four bedroom mid-terraced property in the popular residential area of Plasmarl, Swansea. Good transport links which are convenient for access to Swansea City Centre, Morriston Town Centre, The Swansea.com Stadium, local schools, and The M4 motorway."
"A three bedroom mid terrace house located in Waun Wen, Swansea. Accommodation includes; entrance hall, spacious lounge, kitchen, ground floor bathroom and three double bedrooms. Externally is an enclosed rear garden. Property does require modernising. Located close to city centre, local schools a..."
"**Cash Buyers Only** Purplebricks offer to the market, this modern, ground floor flat in the popular location of Manselton. Conveniently located close to local amenities, City Centre, Morfa Retail Park and with good road links. The property comprises of entrance hallway, living room, bedroom,..."
"Council Tax Band - B John Francis is excited to bring to the market this two bedroom, mid terrace property located in the popular Manselton. Downstairs, the property benefits from a large living/dining area, perfect for family life. The kitchen is a fabulous size and has plenty of pot..."
"End of link property. 3 double bedrooms. Double glazing. Gas combination heating. Convenient location for access to the M4, hospital and shopping in Morriston centre . The property requires remedial attention but offers good potential for a buy to let or first purchase. No chain. Council tax band A."
"Immaculate second floor retirement apartment in central and convenient location. One double bedroom. Communal facilities include laundry, lounge and conservatory. Well maintained grounds. Development is gated and secure. Lift Access to all floors. Emergency assistance facilities. Council tax B."
"A well presented ground floor apartment located in the Mariners Court complex for over 55's in SA1. The location is within walking distance to Swansea Marina, City Centre and M4. The accommodation comprises; main entrance with secure voice entry system, hall with storage cupboard, kitc..."
"Semi - Detached, Three Bedroom, No Onward Chain."
"Traditional mid terrace property in central and convenient location. Two bedrooms. Two separate reception rooms. Double glazing. Gas combination central heating. Enclosed rear garden. Convenient location for access to M4, hospital and local shopping. Available with no chain. Council tax band B."
"This lovely semi-detached house has much to offer. Located in Swansea, it boasts three bedrooms, two shower rooms and three reception rooms. It is the perfect find for home hunters. Book a viewing to avoid missing out. "
"A traditional 3 bedroom mid terraced house offered for sale. Located in the popular residential area of Brynhyfryd. Swansea. The property is situated within close proximity to local shops, public transport links and schools. Please call Peter Alan Swansea to arrange a viewing on ."
A 2 bedroom end terraced house offered for sale with no ongoing chain and tenant in situ. Situated within walking distance to Swansea City centre and public transport links. This is an ideal first time buy or investment opportunity. Please call Peter Alan Swansea or book online.
"This property is within proximity of Morriston town with its amenities is this end of terrace home arranged over three floor and with a good sized rear garden. Hallway, living room / diner, breakfast kitchen, bathroom and three bedrooms. Views of surrounding area to the rear. Viewing recommended."
"This spacious and modern two bedroom mid-terraced home situated in Plasmarl, Swansea is located close to local amenities, parks and the M4 motorway and good links to Swansea City Centre and the Mumbles."
"Well pesented two double bedroom terraced property, located within the popular location of Neath road, Swansea SA6.
Location benefits from being within close proximity to the M4, local amenities and links to local schools.
The property briefly comprises; entrance, living room, kitchen with access..."
"This three bedroom mid terraced house offered for sale in Clase, Swansea. Situated within close proximity to local shops and morriston hospital, public transport links and schools."
"Three bedroom end terrace home available in the popular location of Trinity Street, Gorseinon, SA4.
The property is in need of renovation and is perfect for someone wanting to put their own stamp on a property in a sought after location.
The area benefits from transport links, local amenities and..."
"Traditional mid terrace property with accommodation arranged over 3 floors. 2 bedrooms. Double glazing and gas combination heating. Rear pedestrian access. Convenient for M4, hospital and shopping in Morriston centre. No onward chain. Ideal first purchase or buy to let. Council tax band B. "
"A well presented home in Morriston, ideal for INVESTORS and FIRST TIME BUYERS. Call for Details!Bettermove are proud to present this 2 bedroom end of terrace house in Morriston available with no forward chain.The property benefits from double glazing, gas central heating througho..."
"The Property:-
PurpleBricks is pleased to offer for sale this Level 2, ‘Studio’ apartment located in a vibrant area of SA1 Waterfront, Swansea. The property is within close proximity to local restaurants, bars & shops whilst also convenient for the University Bay Campus, Trinity St. David Campus,..."
"CASH BUYERS ONLY
One bedroom apartment now available in the popular location of Belleisle apartments, Phoebe Road.
Situated in the sought-after Copper Quarter, the location benefits from close proximity to local amenities, great transport links and close to Morfa retail park.
The property compris..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this well maintained and extended two bedroom end terraced property situated close to the main shopping area at Woodfield Street. The accommodation further benefits from having a good size main lounge, separate study area to the rear, a good size extended fitted k..."
"*360 Virtual Tour Available* A Well Presented Upper floor Flat situated in the heart of Morriston. This property is ideal located within walking distance to Morriston's high street, which boost local amenities, pubs, restaurants, health centres and shops. This property is perfect..."
"Two bedroom first floor modern apartment in the sought after location of Copper Quarter. With easy access to Swansea City Centre, a main cycle and bus route, this apartment is ideal for commuters. Investment Opportunity, cash buyers preferred. There is no onward chain with this apartment."
"Peter Alan are pleased to market this one bedroom flat in the Bryngwyn Village. This flat is close to Gorseinon Town Centre with plenty of amenities such as supermarkets, pubs, shops and Welsh and English Primary and Secondary schools."
Building Plot with Approved Planning Permission | Detached Dwelling Plans | Annexe | Close Links To The M4 Corridor | Popular Area | Short Drive to Morfa and Swansea City Centre 
"Council Tax Band - C A bright and well-presented one bedroom apartment, situated on the second floor of a characteristic, purpose built development just moments from Swansea City Centre. This beautiful property is offered with no upward chain and is ready to move in to. In our opinion ..."
"FREEHOLD Council Tax Band: B No Onward Chain. Sold As Seen. PUBLIC NOTICE: We, John Francis are acting in the sale of the above property and have received an offer of £100,000. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the sell..."
"This traditional three bedroom mid terraced property located in the Mount Pleasant area of Swansea which offers convenient access to Swansea City Centre, Swansea Train Centre and local nearby schools. To arrange a viewing please contact Peter Alan Swansea or book 24/7 on our website."
"Offered with no ongoing chain is this immaculately presented ground floor studio apartment in the ever so popular SA1 waterfront location. Benefiting from an open plan living space, modern bathroom, secured underground parking and lift access. Conveniently located nearby Swansea University and..."
"LEASEHOLD: Ground Rent £425 pa Service Charge £2600 pa Lease Term 125 years from 01 April 2007 Council Tax Band: C 360* Virtual Tour Online Set within the popular Retirement Apartments, purpose built by McCarthey & Stone within Gorseinon..."
TENANT IN SITU | Cash Buyers Only! | Investment Opportunity | Private Balcony | Allocated Parking | Leasehold | Council Tax Band - C | EPC - C | Close to Morfa Retail Park | Open-Plan Kitchen/Living Area
"Please contact Peter Alan Swansea to book a viewing. A modern style one bedroom apartment offered for sale with sit in tenant. Situated in the popular Copper Quarter Development which offers superb river views and is convenient for Morfa Retail Park, Swansea City Centre and the M4 corridor."
"Please call Peter Alan Swansea on or book 247/7 on our website. An immaculately presented, rare 1 bedroom bungalow offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated within close proximity to local shops and public transport links. Viewing is highly recommended to appreciate."
"A two bedroom mid terraced house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated within walking distance to Morriston town, public transport links, Morriston hospital and the M4 corridor. Viewing is recommended."
"Guide Price £80,000 - £90,000 - Offered for sale by online Auction. THE BIDDING WILL OPEN ON THE 5TH OF APRIL AT MIDDAY AND WILL CLOSE ON THE 6TH APRIL AT MIDDAY. A five bedroom terrace property located in the area of Mount Pleasant. Located conveniently for all amenities and within walk..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN PUBLIC NOTICE - 90 Gellifawr Road, Morriston, Swansea, SA6 7PW - We have received an offer of £ 122,000.00. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange of contracts takes place. EPC Rating C Council..."
"***Freehold bought on completion*** ****Cash Only Buy****** This semi-detached two bed mid-terraced is situated in Morriston, Swansea. The property location means it is convenient for the City Centre, Morriston hospital and the M4 Motorway. The property will become a Freehold upon completion."
"Peter Alan are pleased to market this ground floor two bedroom flat in the Bryngwyn Village. This flat is close to Gorseinon Town Centre with plenty of amenities such as supermarkets, pubs, shops and Welsh and English Primary and Secondary schools."
"*** Video tour available *** A second floor one bedroom retirement apartment (over 60's) ideally located within walking distance to Sketty including local amenities, doctors surgery, Singleton Park and a short distance from Swansea Bay seafront. The accommodation comprises of an hall, storage..."
"We are proud to present this One Bedroom Flat – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £85,000 - £90,000*"
"This apartment is ideally situated in a purpose built over 55's development in trhe centre of Gorseinon with extremely convenient access to amenities including a handy Supermarket, Post Office and coffee shops, with its own designated car park at the front of the development. The building its..."
"A 3 bedroom mid-terraced house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated within close proximity to local shops, public transport links and schools. Please call Peter Alan Swansea to arrange a viewing or book 24/7 on our website."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN!
CHECK THIS GREAT APARTMENT OUT VIA OUR PROFESSIONAL ""MATTERPORT 360"" WALK THROUGH TOUR!
DON'T DELAY BOOK DOWN LOAD OUR APP TODAY 24/7 !
Viewing is recommended If you are looking for a modern home with great access to the city centre.
Great opportunity for first time buyers to wa..."
"A two bedroom detached park home situated along Oak Drive in this popular and sought after retirement development of Woodland Park in the heart of Waunarlwydd approximately 4 miles from the City centre of Swansea. The accommodation comprises a good size light and airy lounge, fitted kitchen,..."
A SECOND FLOOR ONE BEDROOM RETIREMENT APARTMENT Maxime Court was constructed by McCarthy & Stone (Developments) Ltd and comprises 54 properties arranged over 5 floors served by a lift. The Resident Development Manager can be contacted from various points within each property in the event o...
FOR SALE BY PUBLIC AUCTION: The auction will take place online on 4th April 2023 at 05:03 PM with registration through our website.
A well maintained 1 bedroom ground floor apartment offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated in Sketty a desirable area and sought after for it's walking distance to local shops and public transport links. This is an ideal retirement or down size opportunity. Please call Peter Alan Swansea.
"*** VIDEO TOUR AVAILABLE *** A ground floor retirement apartment (over 60's) within walking distance of all the amenities Sketty has to offer including doctors surgery, local shops, Singleton Park and a short distance from Swansea Bay seafront. With good transports links to uplands and Swans..."
"We are proud to present this One Bedroom Retirement Flat – OFFERS OVER £70,000"
"NOTICE OF OFFER: 109 Heol Frank, Penlan, Swansea, SA5 7AH. We advise that an offer has been made for the above property in the sum of £62,500. Any persons wishing to increase on this offer should notify the agents of their best offer prior to exchange of contracts. A chain free three bedro..."
**Ideal Investment Opportunity * In Need Of Modernisation * Two Bedroom Detached House * Swansea Centre Location** We are pleased offer to market the opportunity to purchase this two bedroom detached property located in the heart of Swansea. The property is being sold via the modern method of auctio
"***For sale by public auction on 18th April 2023*** A 2 bedroom mid terraced house offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated in Manselton, sought after for it's convenience to local shops, public transport links and local schools. This is an ideal investor opportunity."
"AUCTION SALE 18 April 2023 - Two bed mid terraced property situated in Manselton, sought after for it's convenience to local shops, public transport links and local schools. This is an ideal investor opportunity in our opinion."
"We are pleased to bring to the market this one bedroom ground floor studio flat located in prime location near Uplands! Comprising of one bedroom, one bathroom with shower unit, kitchen and toilette - this property is a perfect buy-to-let investment! Located in close proximi..."
"A ONE BEDROOM SECOND FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT OVERLOOKING FRONT OF DEVELOPMENT Homegower House has three local GP surgeries along St Helens Road, bus stop outside which takes 5 minutes into the city centre or about a 10-minute walk. Other Local convenience stores in walking distance: post offi..."
"Guide Price £60,000 - £65,000 - Offered for sale by Online Auction 21st April 2023. Full auction pack is available on our website A two bedroom property with sea and city views offered for sale with no onward chain. The property is conveniently located close to local schools,..."
"A ONE BEDROOM RETIREMENT APARTMENT SITUATED ON THE GROUND FLOOR WITH PATIO DOOR TO PATIO AREA. Homegower House has three local GP surgeries along St Helens Road, bus stop outside which takes 5 minutes into the city centre or about a 10-minute walk. Other Local convenience stores in walking dista..."
"A 3rd floor city centre retirement apartment located within the Popular Home Gower House Complex, Swansea. Accommodation includes: entrance hallway, lounge dining room, kitchen and shower room. The property over looks the communal gardens and has economy seven electrical heating. The block has a ..."
"A ONE BEDROOM SECOND FLOOR RETIREMENT APARTMENT Homegower House has three local GP surgeries along St Helens Road, bus stop outside which takes 5 minutes into the city centre or about a 10-minute walk. Other Local convenience stores in walking distance: post office, newsagents, food stores, tak..."
"For sale on a 70/30 shared ownership with Pobl, a first floor one bedroom retirement apartment, enjoying a popular location with good shopping facilities around which includes post office, supermarket, chemist and with great links and bus routes to the City Centre, Mumbles and Gower. The acco..."
"A one bedroom third floor retirement apartment overlooking the rear gardens from the lounge. The apartment comprises of an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, bedroom and a shower room. The benefits of Home Gower house include; resident management staff, lift, communal lounge, gardens, laun..."
"AUCTION SALE 18 April 2023 - Three bed mid terraced house situated in Bonymaen and within close proximity to local shops, public transport links and schools."
"Council Tax Band - D John Francis are pleased to bring to the market this one bedroom retirement flat at Homegower House. Located on the ground floor and comprising of a large living area, modern kitchen, large double bedroom, accessible bathroom and access to the communal gardens, th..."
"***For sale by auction on 18th April 2023*** A 3 bedroom mid terraced house offered for sale with no ongoing chain, situated in Bonymaen and within close proximity to local shops, public transport links and schools. Please call Peter Alan Swansea to arrange a viewing or book 24/7 online."
***For sale by public auction on 18th April 2023*** A 3rd floor studio apartment offered for sale with no ongoing chain. Situated in the heart of Swansea City centre. Please call Peter Alan Swansea to arrange a viewing or book 24/7 on our website.
AUCTION SALE 18 April 2023 - Third floor studio apartment situated in the heart of Swansea City centre.
"VERY LENGTHY LEASEHOLD: A large strip of woodland located within Dunvant, runs parallel to local cycle track/Walter Row/Garrod Avenue. The land is of long leasehold title (further details on request). Currently Green Belt Land under the current Local Development Plan. land area c3.5acres"
An opportunity to purchase a piece of land for a possible allotment situated on the popular development of Parc Brynheulog. Buyers to pay sellers costs.
FOR SALE BY ONLINE AUCTION - Lot 44 - Land with potential ; ONLINE AUCTION from 11th APRIL-13th APRIL An opportunity to acquire a parcel of land that is rectangular in shape and mainly flat (the land measures approximately 438.793 m 0.044 Hectares (bidders should confirm the measurements)...
