Summary
"Found in one of the most sought after locations within the area this beautifully presented four bedroom detached, contemporary home, the property has been finished to an extremely high standard throughout. The property occupies approximately 0.25 acres and features four extremely good sized..."
"A stunning new build property in the final stages of construction which extends to a remarkable 10,000 square feet. The standard of construction and attention to detail is very high in a much revered Newmillerdam with stunning far reaching views and excellent location for commuting to London and ..."
A unique new development of a single large detached statement house being constructed to a bespoke design with high specification finishes standing on a 1/4 acre plot in this most highly regarded location. Awaiting SAP rating
"Built to exacting standards with a versatile layout that can offer new owners 6 bedrooms with high-end fixtures and fittings, our commanding property sits in an elevated position appreciating lovely views and gardens of approx. 1/3 of an acre. With secured gated parking, double garage and covere..."
"Affording sumptuous and opulent accommodation throughout extending towards 4,500 sq ft, is this simply STUNNING and BREATHTAKING seven bedroom executive and INDIVIDUALLY DESIGNED detached home, built to exacting standards and HIGH SPECIFICATION throughout and versatile loving space over three flo..."
"Holroyd Miller are pleased to offer for sale ""Inglenook"" a grand and impressive detached period residence which offers stunning accommodation over two levels, refurbished and re-designed by well renowned transform architect. Viewing a Must!"
"A unique opportunity to buy a prime building plot with a build contract for the developer to create your own perfect home in the much revered Newmillerdam with stunning far reaching views and excellent location for commuting to London and Leeds.
"
"BROCHURE NOW AVAILABLE - REGISTER YOUR INTEREST TODAY. STUNNING NEW HOMES for sale. Situated in the desirable area of Sandal, these substantial homes will be designed to a HIGH SPECIFICATION, with four, new build, detached properties, with the historic Bishops Lodge being extended and remodelled..."
"Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this imposing period detached home occupying a large garden plot together with a self contained detached annex and garaging, ideal for the growing or extended family. Situated in this ever popular and sought after location of Sandal."
"Situated on the prestigious Manygates Lane in Sandal and offering HIGH SPECIFICATION, modern accommodation on a grand scale, sits this EXCEPTIONALLY LARGE detached family home, with breath-taking views to the rear and six double bedrooms. EPC rating C77."
"Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this imposing period detached house which stands on a generous plot, offering tremendous potential. Located on the south side of Wakefield within the ever-popular suburb of Sandal. Offered with NO CHAIN, Viewing Essential."
"Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this development site which has planning passed for three detached homes. Planning was passed on 24.10.2022 application number 22/00806/FUL, planning was passed for the demolition of the exisiting dwelling and the construction of three new dwelli..."
"A RARE OPPORTUNITY TO ACQUIRE A FABULOUS, DETACHED, PERIOD FAMILY HOME, STEEPED IN HISTORY AND BELIEVED TO DATE BACK TO CIRCA 1654. THE COTTAGE HAS BEEN TASTEFULLY IMPROVED WITH A MODERN CONTEMPORARY INTERIOR BLENDED WITH CHARACTER CHARM AND FEATURES. IN AN ELEVATED POSITION OFF OF BARNSLEY ROAD,..."
Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this superbly presented modern detached family home occupying a sought after position fronting onto Carr Lane in the heart of Sandal south of Wakefield city centre.
"Situated within the most ENVIABLE locations in the heart of Newmillerdam enjoying a courtyard setting is this individually designed with an array of HIGH SPECIFICATION throughout and offering extensive and substantial accommodation extending towards 2,400 sq ft with landscaped gardens is this IMP..."
"We welcome to the market this generous Victorian detached family home, this beautiful property offers spacious living accommodation throughout, spanning three floors. The current owners have lovingly restored the property to its former glory and the results are breath-taking blending significant ..."
"Found tucked away down a private gated drive as part of this exclusive five property development this beautifully presented, spacious, modern, five double bedroom detached family home. "
The exterior of the property is enveloped by gardens being enclosed to the rear. Double Garage and generous driveway. Ideal location for the Commuter. Located with easy access to Wakefield City Centre approximately 2.5 miles and a similar distance to Jcn 39 of M1 motorway.
An ENVIABLE five bedroom detached family home offering particularly SPACIOUS accommodation finished in a classical contemporary style and situated in this GATED ENCLAVE in the heart of fashionable SANDAL. EPC rating B85.
"A stunning Grade II listed FIVE BEDROOM stone built family home presenting spacious accommodation, which has been painstakingly REFURBISHED TO AN EXCELLENT STANDARD. Dating from the mid to late 17th century."
A stunning DETACHED four bedroom family home offering SUPREMELY SPACIOUS accommodation set in enviable private gardens on a plot that extends to 0.64 acres (0.26 hectares) in this sought after location on the fringe of the city. EPC rating E46
"Occupying substantial and opulent accommodation throughout is this FOUR BEDROOM executive detached family home enjoying a CUL-DE-SAC position. High specification throughout with TWO EN SUITES, stunning kitchen/dining/sitting room and DOUBLE INTEGRAL GARAGE. EPC rating D67"
Occupying an attractive position in one of the areas most sought after village locations is this extended detached family home which offers spacious living accommodation and set in good size gardens.
"Offering a wealth of CHARACTER, The Vicarage offers substantial living space set back and nestles in from Barnsley Road next to St Helens Church is this FORMER VICARAGE, having been heavily extended over the years. Grade II listed, THREE RECEPTION ROOMS, six bedrooms and a large rear garden. "
A Three Bedroom Semi-detached located in a most convenient area of Wakefield. Ideal for the first time buyer or growing family. Open plan living. Attractively Priced. Viewing Advised.
"Situated on this ideal cul-de-sac location in Sandal is this SUPERBLY PRESENTED two bedroom detached bungalow benefitting from front and rear gardens and driveway parking. In the sought after area of Sandal, within walking distance to Sandal Castle and Pugneys Water Park. Awaiting EPC rating."
Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this individually designed four bedroomed detached bungalow occupying a generous corner plot in this ever sought after location on the popular suburb of Sandal south of Wakefield city centre. No Chain.
"Offered to the open market, with no onward chain, is this extremely spacious and characterful six-bedroom family home. The property is in the heart of one of Wakefield's most sought-after locales, St. Johns, with outstanding schools, including Queen Elizabeth's Grammar School and Wakefield Girls&..."
"***NOW FOR SOMETHING VERY SPECIAL INDEED*** ***OUTSTANDING AND SUBSTANTIAL DETACHED RESIDENCE LOCATED IN A PRIVATE ROAD*** ***NOT TO BE MISSED*** With a Guide Price of Offers Between £725,000 and £750,000, Purplebricks are privileged to be able to offer for sale a magnificent fully detached bu..."
A truly unique opportunity to acquire a stunning period town house presented to the highest standards throughout which also has the benefit of its own completely self contained two bedroom duplex city loft. Ideal for buyers looking for private accommodation for extended family. No chain and viewi...
A rare opportunity to acquire a unique substantial detached home set within approximately 0.5 acre of mature private gardens in this sought after avenue north of the city centre. Built in the 1950’s this family home is now available to pass on to a new generation. Edgeworth would benefit from som...
"**A LARGE 5 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME**3 RECEPTION ROOMS AND HOME OFFICE**HOUSE BATHROOM, 2 EN-SUITES and 2 WC's**GATED DRIVEWAY FOR 4 PLUS CARS and GARAGE**POPULAR LOCATION**NO UPWARD CHAIN** Comprising of on the ground floor an entrance hall with access to the lounge, sitting room, home office, do..."
"A deceptively spacious FOUR BEDROOM dormer bungalow style property tucked away in a back water position on a GOOD SIZE PLOT in this highly sought after area. Presented to an unusually high standard, this is a beautifully kept property. EPC rating C69"
Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this attractive modern detached family home occupying a pleasant and convenient position within this popular development south of Wakefield city centre in the popular suburb of Sandal convenient for local amenities including pubs and restaurants.
"**GUIDE PRICE £625,000 - £650,000** Standing proudly in this very much sought after location is this FIVE BEDROOM, three en suite detached self built FAMILY HOME. EPC rating B85"
"Located in the popular area of Sandal, this spacious and extended 5 bed detached property with double garage and solar panels is offered with no chain. The property has the wow factor and offers entrance porch, library/study room, w/c, lounge, sun room, kitchen/diner, utility room and shower room..."
Occupying a truly outstanding position opposite SANDAL CASTLE is the significantly EXTENDED semi detached home which offers tastefully presented and well appointed FOUR BEDROOM living accommodation. Viewing is strongly recommended.
A deceptively spacious five double bedroom detached family home that is finished to an impressive standard. The property is situated close to many shopping and leisure facilities and within walking distance of areas of natural beauty such as NewMillerdam and Pugneys waterpark.  The property ...
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this four double bedroom detached family home located within the SOUGHT AFTER AREA OF SANDAL benefitting from three reception rooms, ample off road parking provided by a tarmacadam driveway, detached double garage and ATTRACTIVE lawned garden with FAR REACHING ..."
"Located in the beautiful village of Sandal, this spacious 5 double bedroom detached family home on a corner plot with tandem garage is a must view. This spacious home offers entrance hall, through lounge, sitting room, dining room, utility room with tandem garage to ground floor. To the first f..."
**LARGE EXECUTIVE DETACHED** **OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING/FAMILY ROOM** **HIGH QUALITY KITCHEN WITH ISLAND UNIT** **FULL MASTER SUITE** **2 EN SUITE SHOWER ROOMS** ** CUL DE SAC POSITION** **LANDSCAPED GARDEN** **DRIVE & DOUBLE GARAGE** **EXCELLENT LOCAL AMENITIES & TRANSPORT LINKS** This beaut...
"***SOLD WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN*** Substantial four bed detached family home with two reception rooms, modern kitchen diner, sun room, separate garage, well maintained gardens and master suite with dressing area and ensuite."
"Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this well presented detached family home offering extensive accommodation over three levels. Situated in this ever popular and sought after location of Sandal, south of Wakefield city centre."
***STUNNING AND SUBSTANTIAL DETACHED HOUSE*** ***IMPRESSIVE FRONTAGE*** ***EXCLUSIVE RESIDENTIAL SETTING*** ***THE ULTIMATE IN LUXURY FAMILY LIVING*** ***NOT TO BE MISSED*** Purplebricks are privileged to be able to offer for sale a substantial and fully detached family sized house that can be...
"Enjoying a superb cul-de-sac setting on a recent development by Charles Church Homes, this magnificent detached house is brick built, over THREE FLOORS and boasts a LUXURY SPECIFICATION. Single story rear extension for a second sitting room, gas central heating with two boilers and independent re..."
"Situated in the highly regarded area of Sandal, this extended three bedroom detached bungalow occupies an outstanding position directly opposite Wakefield Golf Club. The impressive lounge opens onto a balcony and decking area looking over good sized garden. A must view to be fully appreciated."
"The Marylebone has a spacious open-plan kitchen/breakfast/family room with French doors opening onto the garden. This detached five-bedroom, two-bathroom family home has separate living and dining rooms, a utility room, a downstairs WC and built-in storage. Bedroom five could become a home office."
"Situated in the heart of the cosmopolitan city of Wakefield, this beautiful 4 bedroom property is perfect for families and professionals alike. This stunning home really does command your attention at first sight and sits in a fabulous position The property while incredibly in keeping with its tr..."
"A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED and deceptively spacious four bedroomed detached family home tucked away in this small cul-de-sac of similar quality properties, yet within very easy reach of local facilities. EPC rating B85."
"Located on a MODERN and ATTRACTIVE development is this well appointed four bedroom detached family home benefitting from four good sized bedrooms, open plan kitchen/dining room and ATTRACTIVE LAWNED GARDENS. EPC rating B84."
A 3 Bedroom Detached Home in a cul-de-sac location in a sought after area in Sandal. No Onward Chain. Not to be Missed! This property is for sale by Modern Method of Auction powered by IAM Sold Ltd.
"Movenowproperties are delighted to offer this well presented detached family home. Having 3 reception rooms, 2 bathrooms, integral garage and spacious kitchen this property must be viewed to be appreciated. Located in a sought after with views of Sandal Castle. "
"A main road position is this FOUR BEDROOM detached house located on a larger than average plot with LANDSCAPED rear garden. Benefiting from four good size bedrooms, modern house bathroom, three reception rooms and bespoke kitchen. EPC rating D56"
Deceptive from the main roadside is this SPACIOUS and versatile four bedroom executive detached home which is WELL APPOINTED throughout. EPC rating B85.
"This stunning 5-bedroom detached is a must-see! To truly appreciate the size & beauty of this home you must view it in person. Perfect for families this property offers ample space both inside & out. The ground floor has a cosy lounge with feature fireplace, a modern 25ft dining kitchen w..."
Manning Stainton are pleased to present to market this extended three bedroom detached family home located in the village of Sandal. The property is tucked away on a cul-de-sac and is located near to local amenities and gives good access to Wakefield city centre. This well presented home was orig...
"An impressive detached family home offering spacious accommodation and delightfully situated at the head of a cul-de-sac in a highly sought after residential development. Internally re-modelled by the current owners it has a fabulous open plan ground floor, four bedrooms, three en-suites and a co..."
Manning Stainton are please to present to market this four bedroom detached home situated in Wakefield. The property is well proportioned and spacious throughout and has a private garden with views to the rear. Harrison Close is placed well for commuting having good links to the M1 motorway and W...
This attractive 4 bedroom detached family home is nestled in a quiet cul-de-sac in a sought-after area. It is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive and beau...
"The Harley has four bedrooms and an integral garage. The kitchen/dining/family room has two sets of French doors leading into the garden and there’s a separate living room, a utility room, a downstairs WC and storage on both floors. A study has been included in the spacious first-floor layout."
"An impressive FIVE BEDROOM detached house with potential for further extending (subject to consents), having a good sized CONSERVATORY to the rear, an en suite to the principal bedroom and is on a generous plot. This SUPERB FAMILY home has plenty to offer. EPC rating D57."
Located in the most convenient area of Wakefield. Still within its NHBC certificate. Good local amenities. Integral Garage. The master bedroom has en-suite. Solar Panels. There are gardens to the front and rear. Viewing is strongly recommended to appreciate what this property has to offer.
"THE GANTON AT THE GRANGE! Set over three floors this stunning 5 bedroom home is perfect for those with a growing family. The ground floor features a light, bright lounge, an open plan kitchen / diner with bi-fold doors leading to the rear garden."
"5% DEPOSIT BOOST!* THE MERION has a wonderful open plan kitchen/diner with central island, integrated Bosch appliances and French doors leading to the garden. There is a spacious lounge and a separate, handy utility. Upstairs are 4 double bedrooms with dressing area and ensuite to the master."
An impressive family home located on an elevated cul-de-sac position. Beautifully presented throughout. Deceptively spacious. Viewing is highly recommended to fully appreciate.
"Situated in Wakefield is this four-bedroom detached property that benefits from an en-suite to bedroom one, a dressing room, two reception rooms, a detached garage, driveway parking, and a rear garden.   Offering spacious and versatile accommodation throughout is this attractive..."
A deceptively SPACIOUS detached family home offering four bedroom accommodation in this highly sought after area with an unusually LARGE garden to the rear EXTENDING in total to around 0.29 acres (0.12 hectares). EPC rating D57.
"Situated on this sought after cul-de-sac is this BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED and EXTENDED four bedroom detached property benefitting from FOUR RECEPTION ROOMS, driveway parking, rear gardens. EPC rating C69."
"*VIEWING RECOMMENDED* Enjoying a cul-de-sac location is this FOUR BEDROOM detached family home set in the sought after area of Sandal within close proximity to Newmillerdam country park. Boasting four good size bedrooms, TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, modern kitchen and DETACHED DOUBLE GARAGE. EPC rat..."
Manning Stainton are pleased to present to market this four bedroom detached family home situated in the village of Wrenthorpe. The property is located on a sought after Redrow development which are well known to be beautiful properties with plenty of character. The property is spacious throughou...
"Situated on this popular City Fields modern development is this Redrow home which has FOUR BEDROOMS benefitting from driveway parking, garage and BEAUTIFUL REAR GARDENS. EPC rating B85."
"Deceptive from the main roadside, is this WELL APPOINTED and heavily EXTENDED four bedroom detached family home benefitting from UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. EPC rating D64"
The Hamilton is a stunning 4 bedroom detached home and even has the added benefits of a South East facing garden and situated on a corner plot. Now available to purchase with DEPOSIT UNLOCK. Ask your sales advisor for more information
"The Strand is a four-bedroom family home that includes an integral garage. There’s an open-plan kitchen/dining/family room with French doors, a separate living room and a downstairs cloakroom. Upstairs, there are four bedrooms, a home office or nursery and a bathroom. The master bedroom is en-suite."
Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this spacious and well proportioned detached true bungalow being stone fronted and occupying an enviable position on this popular development on the outskirts of Sandal south of Wakefield city centre.
Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this superbly presented double fronted four bedroom detached family home located in this ever sought after location of Sandal south of Wakefield city centre. Viewing Essential
A superb example of a beautifully presented and charming four bedroom detached family home with a private driveway.  The current decor creates a homely feel upon entering the property and throughout. Offering spacious family accommodation with option to extend Arranged ove...
"** GUIDE PRICE £425,000 - £435,000 ** Situated on this modern development close to Wakefield city centre is this SUPERBLY PRESENTED four bedroom detached property benefitting from en suite facilities, driveway parking and REAR GARDENS. EPC rating B83."
Found in an extremely popular residential location this extremely good sized four bedroom detached family house the property is offered to the market with no onward chain and offers excellent access to commuter links. To fully appreciate what this property has to offer internal viewing is es...
"Stunning family home in the ever popular location of Sandal. This extended four bedroom semi-detached home boasts a large open plan kitchen diner, lounge, playroom, utility, downstairs WC and boot room, music room / gym, home office, Master bedroom with ensuite and 3 further bedrooms and bathroom."
"Offered with no onward chain, this extremely spacious five bedroom extended family house, the property occupies an extensive plot, offers excellent access to Wakefield City Centre as well as local schools and commuter links."
Tucked away off the main road is this fabulous building plot for sale. With outline planning permission to construct a two storey house of approx. 2200 square feet. There is scope upon applying for detailed planning permission that the size of the property could be significantly extended to over ...
"Simply a fantastic home for the growing family, originally built by Redrow and offering CONTEMPORARY accommodation throughout. This FOUR BEDROOM detached house benefits from UPVC double glazing and gas central heating throughout. EPC Rating B83"
"Guide Price: £425,000 - £450,000. An immaculately presented 4 Bedroom Detached situated in a most convenient area of Wakefield. Ideal for the commuter, good local amenities and schools. Not to be Missed! Viewings highly recommended to fully appreciate this delightful family home."
"**A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED 4 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME**LOCATED ON A MODERN AVANT DEVELOPMENT**LARGE LOUNGE and SNUG/HOME OFFICE**HIGH SPEC KITCHEN/DINING ROOM with BI-FOLDING DOORS**A STUNNING FAMILY HOME** On the ground floor there is an entrance hall with access to the large lounge, snug/home offi..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this three bedroom detached family home located within the sought after area of Sandal benefitting from ample off road parking provided by a tarmacadam driveway, integral garage and attractive lawned gardens. EPC rating D59."
"Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this extended four bedroom detached family home occupying an enviable and popular cul de sac position just off Bradford Road on the outskirts of the city centre, convenient for local schools and amenities. Occupying a generous corner plot."
"Located in the popular area of Outwood, this very rare to the market property offers a great 3 bed detached family home on a corner plot with the benefit of a self contained 1 bed apartment. The property offers entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, pantry area and shower room. To the fir..."
"***GUIDE PRICE £420,000 - £430,000*** Situated in a RURAL LOCATION offering fantastic views is this well presented, three bedroom detached family home boasting from PLENTY OF CHARACTER throughout and benefitting from ample driveway parking. EPC rating D61."
"Guide Price: £415,000 - £440,000. A deceptively spacious period property finished to a high standard. Retaining its character and original features with a modern twist. Great location to Sandal and Agbrigg train station, motorway links, schooling and amenities."
"5% DEPOSIT BOOST!* The Ridgewood a stunning 4 bedroom home is the perfect place for any family to grow, with a beautiful open plan kitchen / diner leading through sleek bi-fold doors to the garden. Upstairs 4 double bedrooms and a family bathroom complete the first floor."
"Situated on the popular Kingsbury Meadows development this five bedroom detached family home offers great position close to a wide range of shops, schools and transport links. No Onward Chain. The property is completed to a high standard throughout."
"£20,000 CASH BACK!* The Stoneham features an open plan kitchen/diner with breakfast bar and bi-folding doors leading to the rear garden and separate lounge and study, both with bay windows. Upstairs are 4 double bedrooms with en-suite to the master and a family bathroom."
"The four bedroom Kingham is an ideal family home, with generous rooms, a practical layout and integral garage."
A large four bedroom home with a feature bay window and open-plan kitchen dining area.
"***GUIDE PRICE £400,000 to £415,000*** Offering a wealth of character throughout and enjoying a TUCKED AWAY position, set back from the main roadside is this superbly appointed and charming THREE BEDROOM detached home. Having being RENOVATED THROUGHOUT, the property benefits from UPVC double glaz..."
This attractive 4 bedroom detached family home sits on a substantial plot and is nestled in a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought-after area of Wakefield. It is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links. ...
"Found in this highly sought after residential development within Wrenthrorpe this beautifully presented four bedroom detached family home, the property is ideally located to offer excellent access to local schools as well as Wakefield City centre and commuter links including the M1 and M62 motorw..."
Situated on the outskirts of Wakefield is this WELL PRESENTED three bedroom semi detached home benefitting from ample off road parking and ENCLOSED front and rear GARDENS. Awaiting EPC rating.
"Found down a cul-de-sac location this beautifully presented four bedroom detached family house offering spacious, well-proportioned living accommodation throughout, excellent access to commuter links as well as schools, the property occupies an impressive private plot and must be viewed to fully ..."
"Wonderful FOUR BEDROOMED semi detached property with ANNEX refurbished to a very high standard. Comprises: Lounge, dining room, kitchen, three bedrooms & shower room. The annex comprises: reception room, kitchen, double bedroom & shower room. Externally is a driveway & rear garden wit..."
This property remains available and open to offers following the auction on 30 March 2023. Please contact the auctioneers on for further details.
This beautifully presented 4-bedroom detached home is situated in the sought-after location of Wakefield. Upstairs boasts four spacious bedrooms with the master & second bedroom also featuring an en-suite. The home features both a downstairs W/C and a modern family bathroom. Downstairs b...
"A unique opportunity to buy a prime building plot with a build contract, a huge stamp saving of up to £57,000. Perfect for the developer to create an idyllic home in the much revered Newmillerdam with stunning far reaching views and excellent location for commuting to London and Leeds. "
**** BUILD COMPLETE *** *Executive four-bedroom detached family home sympathetically styled with a modern approach to the adjacent covered landmark building (The Crown - 251 & 253)The development benefits from excellent commuter links to Wakefield and Leeds City Centres.
"Movenowproperties are pleased to offer this spacious 4 bedroom, detached family home for sale. Benefiting from solar panels, 2 Bathrooms, 2 Reception rooms, Integral Garage and attractive gardens to front side and rear. Located in a popular location with lots of local amenities. "
"With features including FRENCH DOORS off the kitchen / diner / family room, a FEATURE BAY WINDOW in the lounge, a SEPARATE LAUNDRY ROOM, a DOWNSTAIRS WC, EN-SUITE TO TWO OF THE BEDROOMS, a DRESSING AREA in principal bedroom, a FOUR-PIECE FAMILY BATHROOM, an INTEGRAL GARAGE, a 10-YEAR NHBC WARRANT..."
"With features including FRENCH DOORS off the kitchen / family room, a FEATURE BAY WINDOW in the lounge, a SEPARATE LAUNDRY ROOM, a SEPARATE STUDY, a DOWNSTAIRS WC, a master bedroom with FITTED WARDROBES and EN-SUITE, a SEPARATE GARAGE, a 10-YEAR NHBC WARRANTY included and the ability to PRE-RESER..."
"Elegant detached family home in the heart of St John's, attractive mature gardens that envelope the property. To the exterior the property has stunning mature gardens with off road parking and garage. Excellent schools and commuting links."
"Beautiful four bedroom detached family house featuring open plan kitchen/diner/family room, primary bedroom with en-suite, this property will be extremely popular with the size and overall space it has to offer."
A well proportioned four bedroom home with integral garage and open plan kitchen diner.
"Guide Price: £385,000 - £400,000. William H Brown are pleased to market this modern and spacious four bedroom detached family home. Study/Office. Driveway and Detached Garage. Located close to Pinderfields hospital. No Onward Chain."
Offering spacious living accommodation throughout is this WELL PRESENTED and ATTRACTIVE three bedroom detached family bungalow within this sought after area of Sandal. EPC rating D67.
"GUIDE PRICE £380,000 TO £390,000 STUNNING 4 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME WITH ALL A GROWING FAMILY COULD ASK FOR! PRESENTED TO A HIGH STANDARD THROUGHOUT, SITUATED IN A CUL-DE-SAC OF A SOUGHT AFTER RESIDENTIAL ESTATE IN STANLEY WITH EXCELLENT COMMUTER LINKS, SCHOOLS AND AMENITIES!"
"***GUIDE PRICE £380,000 - £390,000*** - Integral Garage - Off street parking - Large Detached family home - Modern kitchen family room - Four bedrooms - Large garden - Great Location"
"Guide Price: £380,000 - £400,000. A modern and attractive 4 Bedroom Detached Family Home built by Bellway Homes and still within its NHBC Certificate. No Onward Chain. Located close to Pinderfields hospital. Close proximity to Wakefield city centre and motorway links."
Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this superbly presented detached family home situated in this ever popular and sought after location of Sandal south of Wakefield city centre. A truly stunning home which must be viewed.
"Located in the popular village of Wrenthorpe in a cul-de-sac location. This spacious 5 bed detached property offers a great family home with enclosed garden. The property offers entrance hall, spacious lounge, extended kitchen/diner, utility room, w/c and bedroom 5 with en-suite. To the first ..."
Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this superbly presented detached true bungalow occupying a generous garden plot at the head of the cul de sac.
"Manning Stainton are delighted to present to market this split level detached true bungalow which would be brilliant for a family, this beautiful home is situated in the sought after village of Sandal and is placed well for good local schools and local amenities. The property has recently been up..."
"Reeds Rains Wakefield are incredibly proud to bring to the market this family home which dates back to approximately 1860 located in the Outwood Area. This property briefly comprises of: entrance hall, three reception areas, kitchen, downstairs WC, garage/workshop cellar space, first f..."
"A unique stone built four bedroom family home with A RANGE OF USEFUL OUTBUILDINGS arranged around a courtyard garden, set in this HIGHLY DESIRABLE LOCATION. FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS, all with fitted wardrobes and en suite facilities to the main bedroom, living room with feature Inglenook fireplace. ..."
A deceptively WELL PROPORTIONED two bedroomed ground floor flat situated in this popular location within easy reach of Pinderfields Hospital and the city centre. EPC rating D64.
A deceptively SPACIOUS four bedroom detached family home occupying a corner plot position in this HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER AREA and offering tremendous scope for a scheme of cosmetic updating. EPC rating D66
"Renovated to a high standard with a fine touch is this detached family home benefiting from four good size bedrooms, the main bedroom having a walk in dressing area and a modern en suite bathroom/w.c., bespoke house shower room/w.c. and solid oak doors. EPC rating D68."
"Five bed detached home benefitting from beautiful kitchen diner, three bathrooms, utility area and off-road parking ."
"Occupying a corner plot position is this stunning, contemporary and executive detached family home with accommodation extending towards 1200 sq ft. Benefiting from UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. EPC rating C70"
"Detached five double bedroom property, two reception rooms, separate utility, master bedroom with en-suite and large garage."
A lovely three bedroom TRADITIONAL DETACHED house set on a GENEROUSLY PROPORTIONED plot in this sought after area within very each reach of local facilities. EPC rating E41.
"Manning Stainton are delighted to present to market this four bed detached home situated in Wakefield. The property is on a corner plot and is well presented and well maintained throughout, it has an open plan kitchen/dining living area, a separate lounge and four double bedrooms."
Manning Stainton are pleased to present to market this four bedroom detached home situated in Wakefield. The property was built by Rouse Homes in 2021 and is finished to a high specification. It is located on a cul-de-sac position and gives good access to the M1 motorway and Wakefield city centre.
Manning Stainton are pleased to present to market this four bedroom detached family home located on the village of Outwood. The property is located on a corner plot on a sought after development and is located well for local amenities and motorways.
"With features including FRENCH DOORS off the kitchen / family room, a FEATURE BAY WINDOW in the lounge, a SEPARATE LAUNDRY ROOM, a DOWNSTAIRS WC, a master bedroom with a DRESSING AREA and EN-SUITE, an INTEGRAL GARAGE, a 10-YEAR NHBC WARRANTY included and the ability to PRE-RESERVE ONLINE, this fa..."
Enjoying a TUCKED AWAY position within this modern development is this four bedroom detached home ideal for the growing family benefitting from UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. Awaiting EPC rating.
"An internal inspection is essential to fully appreciate this superb, deceptively spacious PERIOD HOME, enviably set in the sought after St Johns area of Wakefield, set over three floors with FOUR BEDROOMS, two en suites, stylish OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINER and allocated parking. EPC rating D61"
"The communal areas are well presented and well maintained. The property has two allocated parking spaces as well as visitor spaces. Sandal Grange is ideal for commuting by road, rail or motorway network and situated within easy reach of Wakefield, Barnsley and Leeds."
Superbly appointed throughout is this STUNNING THREE BEDROOM detached family home benefitting UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. EPC rating C75.
"A beautiful detached four-bedroom family home situated in a highly sought after location of Outwood, sitting in a great cul de sac position ideal for young families, being a close distance to local schools and offering great transport links to both Wakefield and Leeds city centre alike...."
Offering spacious and versatile accommodation throughout and enjoying a two storey EXTENSION to the side is this attractive and well appointed four bedroom detached family home with NO CHAIN INVOLVED benefitting from UPVC double glazing and gas central heating throughout. EPC rating C71.
"We are proud to present this Four Bedroom Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED. *Guide Price £350,000 - £370,000*"
"Martin and Co - Wakefield are pleased to bring to the market this deceptively spacious true bungalow. This detached property also boasts ample garden and driveway. Benefiting from three bedrooms, kitchen, spacious dining living, and house bathroom. The property is in need of modernization but has..."
"An Extended Three/Four Bedroom Detached property situated in a cul-de-sac position in the sought after residential area of Outwood. Ideally located for transport links to Leeds/Wakefield, local amenities, train station and schooling. Not to be Missed!"
"Manning Stainton are pleased to present to market this extended three bedroom detached home, the property is modern and well presented throughout, it benefits from spacious accommodation through-out, having a separate lounge and an open plan kitchen, living area. The property is tucked away on a..."
"Situated on this modern development at City Fields is this superbly presented FOUR BEDROOM detached property with driveway parking, rear garden and OPEN PLAN DOWNSTAIRS LIVING.. EPC rating B83"
"Located in the popular area of St John's, this spacious Victorian 5 bed town house offers a great family home with lots of original features, no chain and within walking distance to the town centre. The property offers entrance hall, Spacious through lounge, large kitchen/diner, utility room wit..."
"Occupying a sizeable CORNER PLOT position is this deceptively spacious THREE BEDROOM detached dormer bungalow offering HUGE POTENTIAL throughout to develop or extend further, subject to the necessary consents. Having double glazing and gas central heating. EPC rating F33"
Manning Stainton are pleased to present to market this beautiful three bedroom detached home situated at City Fields on the outskirts of Wakefield city centre. The property is very well looked after and well-presented through-out. It would make a fabulous family home and is situated in a brillian...
"Situated in this sought after road in Wakefield is this three reception, three bedroom, three bathrooms EXTENDED semi detached home benefitting from an ENCLOSED rear mature garden, ideal for the growing family. Awaiting EPC rating."
Manning Stainton are pleased to present to market this three bedroom detached home located in Thornes. The property is well presented and has spacious accommodation throughout and would be a brilliant purchase for an array of buyers. It is located in a sought after location being nearby to local ...
"Guide Price: £340,000 - £350,000. A 4 Bedroom Detached Family Home situated on a corner plot within the sought after City Fields development. Within easy reach of Pinderfields Hospital, Wakefield city centre, local amenities and schools - Not to be Missed!"
This attractive 3 bedroom detached family home sits on a substantial plot and is nestled in a quiet street in the sought-after area of Wakefield. It is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links. Th...
"Located in the snow hill area of Wakefield , on a new build estate. This spacious 4 bed detached offers a great family home which is only a few years old. The property offers entrance hall, lounge, kitche/dining, utility room, w/c. To the first floor are 4 x double bedrooms with main bedroom h..."
"Reeds Rains Wakefield is proud to bring to the market this modern detached home located within a mile of J40 of the M1 as well as within a mile of Wakefield City Centre. Internally this home briefly comprises of: entrance hall, living room, kitchen, utility room, downstairs WC, garage,..."
"***REDUCED *** MUST BE VIEWED *** TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK! LOVELY 4 BEDROOM DETACHED FAMILY HOME, NOT TO BE MISSED, IDEAL FOR GROWING FAMILIES, spacious accommodation, WELL PRESENTED, gas central heating, double glazing, MODERN KITCHEN DINER, utility roo..."
"5% DEPOSIT BOOST* The Longwood is perfect for all those who are needing a little more room for family life. The stylish living / diner looks over the garden, A sleek FULLY INTEGRATED kitchen sits to the front of the home and upstairs sees 3 double bedrooms."
"A HIGH SPECIFICATION development of 16 apartments concentrating on quality of environment and refined living, situated in secure gated grounds. With an emphasis on a feeling of space, these LIGHT AND AIRY apartments are enhanced by generous ceiling heights and having been thoughtfully designed to..."
This attractive 2 bedroom detached bungalow sits on a substantial plot and is nestled in a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought-after area of Wakefield. It is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links. T...
"A superbly presented THREE BEDROOM detached house benefiting from a MODERN BATHROOM/W.C., the main bedroom boasts fitted wardrobe and superb EN SUITE shower room/w.c., off road parking, integral single GARAGE and a living room enjoying French doors that open on to the enclosed rear garden. EP..."
Originally built by Avant Homes and enjoying a HIGH SPECIFICATION throughout is this superbly appointed and stunning THREE BEDROOM detached home. Benefiting from UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. EPC rating 83
"With three bedrooms, the Kingdale is perfect for anyone looking for a little extra space."
A stylish and well presented modern three bedroom Detached Home. Still within its NHBC warranty. Stunning plantation shutters to the windows throughout. Viewing Advised.
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this EXTENDED four bedroom semi detached home situated on a corner plot position benefitting from two large reception rooms and an ENCLOSED landscaped rear garden. Awaiting EPC rating.
Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this attractive three bedroom modern three storey mid town house occupying a sought after position on this select gated development in the heart of Sandal south of Wakefield city centre. No Chain.
"Manning Stainton are pleased to present to market this deceptively spacious five bedroom town house. The property is located on City Fields it was built in 2019 by Miller Homes and benefits from four double bedrooms a fifth single bedroom, a bathroom and two ensuites making this property a brilli..."
"Occupying a pleasant cul de sac position within a highly regarded residential area is this detached family home. FOUR BEDROOM accommodation which also includes, lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen, ground floor W.C and bathroom. Double glazing, central heating system. Detached garage."
"***REDUCED TO £325,000 MUST BE VIEWED *** TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK LOVELY 5 BEDROOM MID TOWNHOUSE PROPERTY, NOT TO BE MISSED, spacious accommodation, IDEAL FOR GROWING FAMILIES, WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT, modern kitchen diner, living room, downstair..."
"Situated on this modern development close to Wakefield city centre is this SUPERBLY PRESENTED three bedroom detached property benefitting from driveway parking, detached garage and rear gardens. EPC rating B81."
"The development benefits from excellent commuter links to Wakefield and Leeds City Centres, Wakefield Westgate train station, The Ridings and Trinity shopping centres, and private and public schools in close proximity. Access to junctions 40 and 41 of the M1 motorway is only a few minutes drive!"
"Situated on the outskirts of Wakefield city centre is this DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS four bedroom detached family home benefitting from ample off road parking and well proportioned rear garden, ideal for the growing family. EPC rating C72."
"Guide Price: £315,000 - £325,000. Well presented Redrow 'York' Spacious 4 Bed Semi in the sought after City Fields development. Still within its NHBC. Close to local amenities, transport links and M62/M1 motorway networks. Viewing highly recommended."
"Manning Stainton are pleased to present to market this three bedroom semi detached home located in the village of Wrenthorpe. This property is located on a Redrow development, it has been extended to have a modern open plan living kitchen area with a large sliding door leading to an enclosed rear..."
"A 3 Bedroom traditional Mid Terrace with attractive gardens. ""It is our understanding that the Property is not registered at the Land Registry which is the case with a significant proportion of land across England and Wales. Your conveyancer will take the necessary steps and advise you accordingly."
"Beautifully presented 4 Bedroom Detached Family Home. The property provides good size accommodation to include two reception rooms and a conservatory, additional room and utility. Situated in a sought after location ideal for the commuter. Driveway and Garage. Not to be Missed."
"***GUIDE PRICE £300,000-325,000*** SPACIOUS and EXTENDED throughout is this well presented four bedroom semi detached property benefitting from gas central heating, double glazing and driveway parking. EPC rating D68."
"This beautifully presented four-bedroom home is situated in the sought-after City Fields Development within easy reach of Pinderfields Hospital, Wakefield Centre, amenities at Snow Hill, and the easy-to-reach Wakefield Eastern Relief Road and M62/M1 Motorway Networks. The property will also have ..."
"Located in the popular area of Sandal, this spacious and extended 3 bed semi-detached property with garage on a good size property is a must view. The property offers entrance hall, spacious lounge, extended dining room, L-shaped kitchen. To the first floor are 3 x double bedrooms and house bath..."
"Located in the popular area of Thornes, facing on to Thornes park. This spacious 4 bed Edwardian Through terraced offers a spacious family home with lots of original features. On entering the property via the large entrance hall, the property opens up with a spacious lounge, kitchen/dining roo..."
"Enjoying a cul-de-sac location is this TWO BEDROOM detached true bungalow, which benefits from two double bedrooms, a modern wet room/w.c, spacious lounge diner, front and rear GARADENS, UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. EPC rating D58"
"**A 3 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME**MODERN DEVELOPMENT LOCATION with LOVELY VIEWS**VERY WELL PRESENTED and READY TO MOVE STRAIGHT INTO**IDEAL FAMILY HOME**CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION**NO UPWARD CHAIN** Comprising of on the ground floor and entrance hall with access to the lounge, kitchen/dining room, downstair..."
"Guide Price: £300,000 - £325,000. Three Bedroom Detached property. Not to be Missed! Master has En-Suite plus Family Bathroom. Off road parking available as well as a low maintenance enclosed outdoor space. No Upper Chain."
"Situated in Newton Hill is this SUPERLY PRESENTED three bedroom semi detached home benefitting from ample off road parking, single detached garage and low maintenance garden. EPC rating E54."
"If you're looking for a bungalow in the Outwood Area then we have a beauty. Detached, modern and loads of land. Reference GC 0175 Spacious detached bungalow set in a large plot of land. Attractive garden to front and a large rear garden with a detach..."
"***VIEWINGS FROM WEDNESDAY 5th APRIL*** Modern four double bedroom terraced property with two en-suites, beautiful kitchen diner, garage and off road parking for two"
"INCLUDES OVER £12,000 OF UPGRADES AND EXTRAS!* Split over two and a half stories THE ELLERSTON is a perfectly balanced town house. The master suite encompasses the entire top floor and there are 2 double and a further single bedroom. View our Ellerston showhome now!"
"Located away from any main roads is this immaculate true bungalow. Having had a complete programme of extension and renovation making it more like a brand new home with; new roof and insolation, fully re-wired, new central heating system, re-plastered, new carpets in the bedrooms, new flooring ..."
"Manning Stainton are delighted to offer to the market this spacious two bedroom detached bungalow located in a sought after residential and peaceful neighbourhood with ample local amenities, public transport links and easy access to the M1"
"£5,000 towards your deposit. Intergrated appliances . Flooring package . 6ft boundary fence. Turf to rear garden. .The Staveley - Plot 213. A stunning detached family home offering a spacious lounge, contemporary kitchen/living area with french doors to rear garden, three generous bedrooms, styli..."
"Reeds Rains Wakefield is excited to bring to the market this three bedroom semi-detached home located in the Milnthorpe area. Internally this home briefly comprises of: entrance hall, living/dining area, kitchen, garage, first floor landing, three bedrooms, bathroom and WC. ..."
"Enjoy the best of modern living in this popular three-bedroom home which benefits from a stylish open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors leading into the garden. The Hatfield's bright front aspect living room, separate utility room, handy storage cupboard and downstairs WC make this a great home."
"Offered with no onward chain this four bedroom semi-detached family house, the property is located within an extremely popular residential location offering excellent access to commuter links as well as local schools. To fully appreciate the size this property has to offer internal viewing ..."
A welcoming semi-detached home with three generous bedrooms.
"**A 3 BEDROOM DETACHED HOME**LOCATED ON A MODERN DEVELOPMENT**CONSERVATORY**DRIVE and GARAGE**WELL PRESENTED and READY TO MOVE STRAIGHT IN** Comprising of on the ground floor an entrance hall with access to the lounge, kitchen/dining room, downstairs wc and stairs leading to the 1st floor. There..."
"Providing deceptively spacious accommodation having a open plan kitchen and diner to the rear is this bay fronted semi detached family home with three bedrooms. Benefiting from off street parking and a detached single garage. Downstairs comprises of a tiled entrance hall, lounge with bay windo..."
"** GUIDE PRICE £270,000 - £280,000 ** Situated in Outwood is this THREE BEDROOM detached cottage benefiting from features such as EXPOSED BEAMS and decorative fireplaces. This is certainly not a period property to be missed. EPC rating D55"
"- Newly renovated and furnished, inclusive of 12-month building warranty- Close to Wakefield City Centre, bus stop and train station- Both good for self-living or investment in HMO- Can choose 3-year rental guaranteed scheme with 7% net yield- Comply to HMO regulations"
A good size plot extending towards 1/3 of an acre is this well appointed three bedroom SEMI DETACHED home boasting a LARGE CONSERVATORY to the side and a substantial garden plot. EPC rating D56
"Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this spacious duplex apartment forming part of this Grade Two Listed Georgian town house, situated on this historic square overlooking the Church, within walking distance of Wakefield city centre."
"Offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN this extremely spacious. well proportioned three bedroom detached family house, the property offers excellent access to commuter links as well as local schools and amenities as well as the opportunity for updating."
Enjoying a cul-de-sac position is this beautifully presented three-bedroom detached bungalow. The property has been lovingly improved and very well maintained by the current owners offering ready to move into accommodation. Located on this popular development in this popular part of Wrenthor...
A 3 Bedroom Semi-detached Family Home located in a most convenient location on the edge of Wakefield City. Excellent opportunity for the commuter that requires the railway to travel to Leeds - London City link or the Northern Motorway Network only two miles away.
"Simply a fantastic home, ideal for the growing family is this DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS three bedroom semi detached home benefitting from extended entrance hall and loft room. EPC rating D59."
"Movenowproperties are delighted to offer this stunning Semi Detached property for sale. Located in a popular location benefiting from 2 reception rooms, modern kitchen, useable cellar, 3 good sided bedrooms, bathroom with 4 piece suite and attic room with Velux and lighting. "
"We are delighted to offer this exceptional 3-bedroom, 2-bathroom detached family home to the market. With a newly erected out-building-Gymnasium, newly fitted permanent roof over conservatory, eat-in kitchen diner, 2 double bedrooms and 1 small double. There is an en-suite to master bedroom, fami..."
Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this individually designed detached home occupying an elevated position within walking distance of the city centre in this pleasant development. In need of updating and modernisation works. No Chain.
"Manning stainton are pleased to present to market this three bedroom detached family home located in Wakefield. This property has spacious accommodation throughout, having two reception rooms, a conservatory and three double bedrooms, it has been well maintained and is well presented throughout."
"Springbok Properties are proud to present this rarely available Four Double Bedroom Semi Detached House to the market. An ideal family home in an excellent location, viewing is advised we don't anticipate the property being around for long. ."
"Ideal for first time buyers, the Gosford is a spacious 3 bedroom home."
Plot 216:
PLOT 217:
"Situated in this sought after location is this TWO BEDROOM semi detached dormer bungalow benefitting from ample off road PARKING, good size reception room and an attractive enclosed lawned garden this is certainly not one to be missed. EPC rating D68"
"* VIEWING RECOMMENDED * A superb example of a beautiful three bedroom Terrace family home Offering spacious accommodation with three spacious bedrooms and large garden to the rear The current decor creates a chic, homely feel upon entering the property and throughout...."
"An EXTENDED four bedroom semi detached family home benefitting from well proportioned accommodation, off road parking and attractive lawned garden. EPC rating C72"
"Enjoying a cul-de-sac location is this three bedroom semi detached house benefitting from a CORNER PLOT POSITION with driveway parking, single detached garage and enclosed rear garden. EPC rating D62."
"Turf to rear garden. 6ft boundary fence. .The Bamburgh, Plot 220, is our 3-bedroom, semi-detached home at Elm Tree Park."
"**HOME OF THE WEEK**. £5,000 towards your deposit . Integrated appliances. Flooring throughout . Turf to rear garden. 6ft boundary fence. .The Bamburgh, Plot 218, is our 3-bedroom, semi-detached home at Elm Tree Park."
"5% DEPOSIT BOOST!* The Newport features an OPEN PLAN KITCHEN DINER with patio doors leading to the TURFED REAR GARDEN, separate lounge, 2 DOUBLE BEDROOMS with ensuite to the master and a single bedroom. "
"* VIEWING RECOMMENDED * *MUST SEE PROPERTY* A superb example of a beautiful three bedroom Semi detached family home Offering spacious accommodation with three spacious bedrooms and large garden to the rear The current decor creates a chic, homely feel upon entering th..."
"Manning Stainton are delighted to present to market this three bedroom semi-detached home situated in the sought after area of St Johns. The property is offered for sale with no onward chain. Located on an attractive tree lined street, it is a well maintained home and has spacious accommodation t..."
"Situated on this cul-de-sac close to Pinderfields, is this two bedroom DETACHED BUNGALOW benefitting from driveway parking, rear gardens and garage. EPC rating E52."
"We are pleased to offer to the market this spacious and superbly presented three double bedroomed extended Semi-Detached home, only a short distance away from Pinderfields Hospital and Wakefield Town Centre, having gas central heating and UPVC double glazing, the well apportioned accommodation co..."
We are pleased to present to the market this beautifully presented three-bedroom semi-detached home that has been lovingly improved and very well maintained by the current owner offering ready to move into accommodation.  The property briefly comprises; an entrance hallway with stair...
Superbly presented an extended three bedroom home which has bundles of style and fabulous gardens. Viewing Essential.
"*** £250,000 .. OFFERED TO THE MARKET IS THIS THREE BEDROOM END TERRACE FAMILY HOME WHICH IS SITUATED IN THE EVER POPULAR CITY FIELDS DEVELOPMENT *** This property would be ideal for but not limited to families having excellent transport links into Wakefield City Centre and motorway links"
"Guide Price: £250,000 - £275,000. A beautifully presented 3 bedroom three storey Town House located in the heart of St. John's. Superb bespoke kitchen/dining room. Viewing Essential to fully appreciate."
"***TWO BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW***CONSERVATORY***NO CHAIN*** Located in a small cul-de-sac close to the A61 Leeds Road in the popular district of Outwood with shops, schools, access by road and rail to Leeds and the motorway network is this two bedroom semi-detached bungalow having..."
"Situated on the popular City Fields development is this SUPERBLY PRESENTED four bedroom townhouse benefitting from off road parking, South West facing lawned garden and within close proximity to Wakefield city centre. EPC rating B86."
"Guide Price: £250,000 - £275,000. A substantial Three Bedroom Semi-detached which is presented to a modern standard. Fantastic garage space and enclosed gardens. Ideally located for access to Wakefield City Centre and Thornes Park, local amenities and schooling."
"Movenowproperties are delighted to offer this 3 Bedroom Semi Detached property for sale. Having large drive offering off road parking for 2 vehicles. Spacious enclosed rear garden. Attractive kitchen / dining opening to living area with Bi-Fold doors. Downstairs WC, 3 good sized bedrooms and 2 bathr"
"We are pleased to present to the market this delightful semi-detached chalet bungalow. A popular and convenient location on the North side of Wakefield city centre, within easy reach of local amenities, and for those travelling further afield, there is easy access to the motorway network ..."
"£600 per month towards your mortgage for 1 year - that's a total of £7,200. Turf to rear garden. 6ft boundary fence. Integrated appliances . Flooring throughout. .Plot 202: The Windsor is our popular detached family home, available to reserve online with fantastic extras."
"£5,000 Towards your deposit . Turf to rear garden. 6ft boundary fence. .The Windsor, Plot 222, is our 3-bedroom, semi-detached home at Elm Tree Park."
"£10,000 CASH BACK WHEN YOU RESERVE IN APRIL!* The Camberley has it all; a kitchen/diner, a generous lounge with French doors opening up onto a smart garden , three good-sized bedrooms, one boasting an en-suite, and a family bathroom. "
"Situated close to Wakefield city centre is this fantastic three storey town house benefiting from driveway parking, rear garden, FOUR BEDROOMS, three bathrooms/w.c. and good commuter access. EPC rating C70"
"***GUIDE PRICE £245,000 - £255,000*** Situated on this modern development close to Wakefield city centre is this SUPERBLY PRESENTED three bedroom mid terrace town house benefitting from driveway parking and REAR GARDENS. EPC rating B85."
"With features including FRENCH DOORS to kitchen / diner, SEPARATE LAUNDRY AREA, DOWNSTAIRS WC, EN-SUITE to principal bedroom, a 10-YEAR NHBC guarantee and the ability to PRE-RESERVE ONLINE, this fantastic 3 bedroom home on The Woods at City Fields development is ideal for first time buyers and gr..."
This attractive 2 bedroom end of the terraced home sits on a substantial plot and is nestled in a quiet street in the sought-after area of Wakefield. It is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport lin...
"Manning Stainton are delighted to present to market this three bedroom detached home situated in the sought after village of Wrenthorpe with no upwards chain. The property is well presented through-out and would make a perfect purchase for any array of buyers, including small families and commuters."
"A superb example of a beautifully presented and charming two bedroom Bungalow with a private driveway.  The current decor creates a homely feel upon entering the property and throughout. Offering spacious family accommodation  Arranged over one floor, this beautifully..."
NO CHAIN - Immaculate Property Throughout - Recently Refurbished - Deceptively Large End Terrace. Sought After Location 
"Guide Price: £240,000 - £250,000. This immaculately presented 2 Bedroom Semi-detached True Bungalow with Outbuildings is situated in a convenient and popular location. Garage plus two spacious and deceiving OUTBUILDINGS in the garden can be used for multi purpose. No Upper Chain."
"Guide Price: £240,000 - £250,000. A lovely Three Bedroom Semi. Bright and Inviting. Two Reception Rooms. Set in a highly regarded area of Lupset Park. No Upper Chain. Viewing Essential."
"A 3 Bedroom Mid Town House 'Ready to Move into'. Viewing highly recommended to fully appreciate the home. Spacious throughout and situated in a fantastic location close to City centre, transport links and local amenities. Not to be Missed."
"Enjoying a cul-de-sac location is this THREE BEDROOM semi detached house benefitting from spacious kitchen/diner, ample off road parking and ENCLOSED rear garden. EPC rating D65."
"Found tucked away down a cul-de-sac location this extremely well presented three bedroom semi-detached family house, the property occupies an incredibly good sized corner plot and offers excellent access to both Wakefield City Centre and commuter links including motorways and Wakefield train stat..."
"£5,000 towards your deposit . Flooring throughout. Turf to rear garden. 6ft boundary fence. .The Kendall, Plot 221, is our 3-bedroom, semi-detached home at Elm Tree Park."
"***RECENTLY REDUCED*** Available with no chain involved, a superb opportunity to purchase this three bedroom detached family home benefitting from two LARGE reception rooms, ample driveway parking and ENCLOSED rear garden. EPC rating D67."
A 2 Bedroom Semi-detached Bungalow situated in a most popular location in Wakefield. Offered to the market with No Upper Chain. Early viewing highly recommended. Not to be Missed!
"***GUIDE PRICE £235,000 - £245,000*** Situated in Outwood is this well presented two bedroom detached bungalow benefitting from driveway parking, rear gardens and an external summer house/annex. EPC rating D66."
Well maintained throughout is this spacious THREE BEDROOM semi detached house benefiting from UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. Located in popular SANDAL and a viewing is recommended. EPC rating D62
This attractive 3 bedroom detached family home sits on a substantial plot and is nestled in a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought-after area of Wakefield. It is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links. ...
"Guide Price: £235,000 - £245,000. An attractive and deceptively spacious 4 Bedroomed Mid Town House. Off road parking to the front and garden to the rear. The property is within excellent proximity to Wakefield Centre, Wakefield/Westgate train station, amenities and the Northern motorway network."
"Deceptive from the main roadside is this well appointed, attractive and spacious THREE BEDROOM mid town house with the added benefit of a CONVERTED GARAGE into a sitting room, UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. EPC rating C71."
"This attractive 3 bedroom semi-detached family home sits on a substantial plot and is nestled in a quiet estate in the sought-after area of Wakefield. It is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links...."
"Found in a popular residential location this extremely well presented three double bedroom semi-detached family house, the property offers excellent access to commuter links as well as local schools will appeal to a range of potential buyers. Internal viewing is strongly recommended."
A deceptively spacious and beautifully presented family home set on a corner plot on the outskirts of Wakefield City Centre. Extended over three floors. Generous off road parking. Viewing Essential.
Situated just off Doncaster Road is this SUPERBLY PRESENTED three bedroom semi detached property benefitting from ample driveway parking and WELL PRESENTED rear gardens. EPC rating D63.
"NO CHAIN. A period property with many modern upgrades. A very spacious family home, with confirmed potential to extend. REF: LCLG"
"With an emphasis on a FEELING OF SPACE, these light and airy apartments are enhanced by generous ceiling heights and having been thoughtfully designed to create a calm atmosphere of sophisticated living. A high specification development of 16 apartments concentrating on QUALITY OF ENVIRONMENT and..."
Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this well presented semi detached true bungalow occupying a popular and and sought after position situated west of Wakefield city centre. No Chain.
"Guide Price: £220,000 - £230,000. A beautiful presented home located on a private road in a most popular residential area of Wakefield. The property is located close to the motorway network and public transport links. Off road parking for two cars to the front and garden to the rear."
"This beautiful 2 bed detached bungalow has a lot to offer! With spacious gardens to the front and back of the property, off street parking for at least 2 cars and an open plan living space, it really does tick all the boxes!"
"Extended 4 Bed home. Off road parking and 3 reception rooms. Modern and well presented. Local amenities, schools, supermarkets, bus and transport routes. Ideal for the commuter. This property is for sale by Modern Method of Auction powered by IAM Sold Ltd ending 28th March at 3pm."
Manning Stainton are pleased to present to market this three bedroom semi-detached home situated in Wakefield. The property is well maintained throughout and benefits from being a corner plot on a cul-de-sac position.
Offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN this semi detached dormer bungalow is located within a POPULAR RESIDENTIAL AREA. Pleasant cul de sac position with THREE BEDROOM accommodation which also includes a CONSERVATORY. Convenient location.
"Guide Price: £220,000 - £230,000. Rarely do such properties come onto the open market. An attractive 1800's End Terrace located adjacent to Queen Elizabeth Grammar School playing fields. Parking Permit. Early Viewing highly recommended to avoid disappointment."
"Guide Price: £220,000 - £230,000. A Two Bedroom Detached True Bungalow well presented throughout. READY TO MOVE INTO - Paved driveway to side providing of road parking. Close to schools, transport links and amenities. Not to be Missed!"
"STRIKE are delighted to offer to the market this IMPRESSIVE SIZED 2 Double Bedroom Extended Semi-Detached Bungalow with Off Road Parking, Garage, and Private Garden.  This Very Deceptive Property is situated in a pleasant cul-de-sac location in the Sought After Area of Outwood and Briefly Co..."
Manning Stainton are pleased to present to market this extended three bedroom semi-detached home situated in Alverthorpe. The property would be a brilliant purchase for an array of buyers and has spacious accommodation throughout.
Occupying a CUL-DE-SAC location is this semi detached TWO BEDROOM bungalow benefitting from ample off road parking and detached garage. EPC rating D68.
"Reeds Rains Wakefield is proud to bring to the market this modern three bedroom Terrace located in Stanley. Internally this property briefly comprises of: entrance hall, downstairs WC, living room, dining room, kitchen, first floor landing, three bedrooms, en-suite shower room and fami..."
"Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this spacious and well proportioned three bedroom semi detached house occupying an enviable cul de sac posisition with gardens adjoining the river calder. Offering a truly unique position. Offered with No Chain, Viewing Essential."
"Situated close to Wakefield city centre is this SUPERBLY PRESENTED three bedroom semi detached property with SPACIOUS REAR GARDEN, detached garage, UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. EPC rating D67."
"Guide Price: £210,000 - £220,000. A well presented 2 Bedroom End Terrace property situated in a cul-de-sac location with driveway for multiple cars. Early viewing highly recommended to appreciate."
A 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME**IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OPPORTUNITY**LARGE CONSERVATORY**DRIVE AND GARAGE**NO UPWARD CHAIN** Comprising of on the ground floor an entrance hall with access to the lounge which has access to the kitchen/dining room and stairs leading to the 1st floor. From the kitchen...
"A fantastic development opportunity in the prime location of Wakefield City Centre. With full planning permission to build four apartments and one commercial unit, this plot offers an amazing opportunity for any developer/investor. A viewing is highly recommended to appreci..."
This attractive 3 bedroom semi-detached family home sits on a substantial plot and is nestled in a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought-after area of Wakefield. It is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport lin...
"Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this attractive modern three bedroomed semi-detached house, offering accommodation over three levels. Offered with immediate vacant possession."
"Three Bedroom Semi Detached house in Wakefield has a lot to offer with 2 Reception Rooms, Three Bedrooms a Bathroom and a Shower Room, Off Road Parking and a Garage
Viewing is Advised. "
"In need of a degree of modernisation is this three bedroom semi detached property benefitting from well proportioned rooms, ample off road parking and a SPACIOUS rear garden. Awaiting EPC rating."
"This spacious three-bedroom semi-detached home has been lovingly improved and very well maintained by the current owners offering ready-to-move-into accommodation. Ideal for first-time buyers, investors, or those looking to downsize. Situated within a sought-after location in Outwood wi..."
"Manning Stainton are pleased to present to market this three bedroom semi detached home located in Wakefield. The property is well presented throughout and benefits from two reception rooms. This home is located well for local amenities and commuting, being nearby to the M1 motorway and Wakefield..."
"Guide Price: £200,000 - £210,000. This Period Semi-detached Cottage has many stunning characterful features and needs to be viewed to fully appreciate, complete with garden to the front and off road parking. Not to be Missed."
"A three bedroom semi detached house with AMPLE OFF ROAD PARKING via a driveway and garage, a good size lounge diner, attractive rear garden and located in a convenient area for the commuter. EPC rating C73"
**A 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME**MODERN KITCHEN**MODERN BATHROOM**CONERVATORY**OFF ROAD PARKING and GARAGE**LARGE PLOT**IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OPPORTUNITY/FAMILY HOME** Comprising of on the ground floor an entrance hall with access to the lounge and stairs leading to the first floor. From the lou...
"Situated in this quiet development close to Wakefield city centre is this three bedroom semi-detached home. Ideal for any FIRST TIME BUYER or young family this property comprises to the ground floor; entrance hallway with GENEROUS living room with bow window to the front, separate dining room and..."
"A Three Bedroom Semi-detached property situated in Thornes a regarded district convenient for the city. Ideally situated for local schooling, local amenities and transport links. Early Viewing is Highly Recommended. Not to be Missed!"
"Manning Stainton welcome to the market this attractive True Bungalow situated in a popular residential area. Offering two spacious bedrooms, featuring double glazing, gas central heating, driveway, garage, garden room and well established gardens. Viewing highly recommended, Please call to book n..."
"Well appointed throughout, this two bedroom quarter house has a CONTEMPORARY KITCHEN AND BATHROOMS. With off street PARKING this is an ideal home for the first time buyer or the young working couple. An internal viewing is highly recommended. EPC rating B84"
"Superbly appointed throughout is this attractive mid town house with two double bedrooms, contemporary kitchen/diner, landscaped rear garden and the added benefit of off street parking with a brick built garage. EPC rating D64."
Situated on the outskirts of Wakefield city centre is this deceptively spacious three bedroom mid terrace home benefitting from WELL PROPORTIONED reception rooms and single garage. EPC rating C73.
"Spacious and finished to a high standard, this 2 bed end town house with parking and within a short walking distance to the town centre. The property is offered with sitting tenant paying £850 per c/m or vacant. The property offers over 3 floors , to the ground floor - entrance hall with ..."
"*** NEW INSTRUCTION - MUST BE VIEWED *** TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK! LOVELY 2 BEDROOM MID TERRACE - IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS / YOUNG COUPLES, NOT TO BE MISSED, spacious accommodation, gas central heating / double glazing, modern kitchen diner, living roo..."
75% SHARE PRICE - CONTACT US FOR MORE INFORMATION. The Pine is the perfect starter home with integrated Bosch appliances and French doors leading from the kitchen to the rear garden. Upstairs are two double bedrooms and a further single.
"Guide Price: £190,000 - £200,000. A 3 Bedroom End Terrace located in a most popular and convenient area in Wakefield ideal for the city and motorway networks. Good local amenities including schools and shops. Enclosed garden to the front and good size enclosed garden to the rear."
"Movenowproperties are delighted to offer this beautiful 2 double bedroom property for sale. Having pleasant entrance hall, downstairs wc, living room with patio doors opening to enclosed rear garden, off road parking for 2 vehicles. Must be viewed to be appreciated. "
"Movenowproperties are pleased to offer this 3 bedroom, semi detached property for sale. Located in the popular location of Outwood, close to all local amenities. Having large drive offering parking for several vehicles and low maintenance enclosed rear garden. "
"Guide Price: £190,000 - £200,000. William H Brown are delighted to offer to the market this delightful Detached Bungalow situated in a most sought after area of Wakefield. To the outside the property has low maintenance gardens to both front and rear and a Driveway. Not to be Missed!"
"Guide Price: £190,000 - £200,000. Deceptively spacious from the outset and immaculately presented throughout this 4 Bedroom Mid Terrace property is situated within a sought after location within walking distance of Wakefield City Centre. Ideal for commuter, good local amenities. Not to be Missed!"
"Situated close to Wakefield city centre is this THREE BEDROOM end terrace property benefiting from rear driveway parking, accommodation over three floors and TWO RECEPTION ROOMS EPC rating E54"
"Movenowproperties are pleased to offer this 3 bedroom family home for sale. Having large drive for several vehicles, detached garage with power and lighting, spacious low maintenance garden to rear and attractive garden to font. Internally the property offers entrance hall, spacious living / dining "
"**A 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME**IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OPPORTUNITY**OFF-ROAD PARKING AND GARAGE**WELL PRESENTED and READY TO MOVE STRAIGHT IN**NO UPWARD CHAIN** Comprising of, on the ground floor an entrance to the kitchen/dining room with hall access to the lounge, and stairs leading to the fi..."
"A FIVE BEDROOM mid terrace house benefiting from cellar, utility room off modern kitchen/diner with UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. An ideal home for the first time buyer or investor. EPC rating E51"
"Situated in a cul-de-sac location is this semi detached family home with three bedrooms, off street parking and enclosed rear garden. Available with no onward chain and an early viewing comes highly recommended. EPC rating C70."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this deceptively SPACIOUS three bedroom semi detached house benefitting from ample off road parking and GENEROUS rear garden. EPC rating D59.
Immaculate Throughout - Attention First Time Buyers / Investors - Great Transport Links 
This attractive 3-bedroom semi-detached home sits on a substantial plot and is nestled in a quiet street in the sought-after area of Wakefield. It is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links. ...
"Manning Stainton are pleased to present to market this two bedroom ground floor apartment situated in the sought after village of Sandal. The property benefits from no upper chain, it is a grade II listed building and has plenty of character, it is located in a rural area with views over communal..."
Manning Stainton are pleased to present to market his three bedroom semi detached home located Wakefield. The property is well presented and benefits from spacious accommodation throughout. The house is located well for commuting purposes having good links to Leeds and Wakefield city centre and g...
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this THREE BEDROOM end terrace house benefitting from two large reception rooms, detached garage and low maintenance front and rear GARDENS. EPC rating E50."
"Situated on Navigation Walk, next to the new Tileyard North development, is this STUNNING two bedroom duplex apartment benefitting from beautiful RIVERSIDE VIEWS, it's own parking space and bedroom with en suite bathroom/w.c. EPC rating C70."
A LARGE and supremely SPACIOUS two bedroom penthouse apartment extending over 150 sq m (1600 sq ft) internal floor are and situated in this highly regarded development in the HEART of the city centre. EPC rating C78.
"A two bedroom semi detached house benefiting from TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS, modern shower room/w.c., spacious living room with feature fireplace and large CONSERVATORY. Off road parking, enclosed rear garden, UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. EPC rating D63"
"Guide Price: £175,000 - £185,000. A Two Bedroom Semi-detached property situated in the sought after area in Outwood. Not to be Missed! Conveniently placed for the A61/Leeds Road providing access to Leeds/Wakefield and Outwood railway station, close to shops, schools and local amenities."
A stunning Waterside Penthouse Apartment located within close proximity to the new Tileyard development and The Hepworth Gallery. Viewing essential to fully appreciate what is on offer.
"*** GUICE PRICE £175,000 - £185,000 *** Located five minutes from Wakefield city centre is this THREE BEDROOM mid terrace property benefitting from spacious rear gardens and driveway parking. EPC rating D64."
"Situated in Newton Hill is this SUPERBLY PRESENTED two bedroom mid terrace home benefitting from well proportioned rooms and an ATTRACTIVE and enclosed rear garden, ideal for the first time buyer or professional couple. EPC rating D67."
"We are proud to offer this Three Bedroom Semi Detached House – all interest and OFFERS are INVITED.*Guide Price £170,000 - £180,000*"
"Guide Price: £170,000 - £180,000. 3 Bed Mid Terrace offers potential for a family or Investor. NO UPPER CHAIN. Close to Wakefield city centre, good bus route, Sandal/Agbrigg train stn offers commuting direct to Wakefield/Westgate and Doncaster stations, connections to York (50 mins) & London (2 hrs)"
A high specification development of just EIGHT SPACIOUS APARTMENTS (both period and contemporary styles) in this landmark Grade II listed building in an ENVIABLE CITY LOCATION with ample parking and expansive gardens. Option of being furnished by interior designers. Awaiting EPC ratings.
This attractive 3 bedroom semi-detached home sits on a substantial plot and is nestled in a quiet street in the sought-after area of Wakefield. It is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links. This...
"A superb opportunity to purchase this 1 bedroom 2nd floor apartment on the popular Red Row development on the outskirts of Wakefield City Centre with no chain! This will appeal to a large range of buyers, we highly recommend arranging your internal inspections TODAY!"
We welcome you to the grand opening of these newly refurbished apartments on Saturday 15th October between the hours of 12 noon - 3 pm and Sunday 16th October between the hours of 11am - 4 pm. A high specification development of just EIGHT SPACIOUS APARTMENTS (both period and contemporar...
Deceptive from the main road side is this ATTRACTIVE and EXTENDED two double bedroom town house benefiting from UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. EPC rating C70.
Large End Terrace - Off Street Parking - Occasional Room To Loft 
"Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this surprisingly spacious and well proportioned mid terrace house, having original features and charm and located within walking distance of the city centre and Thornes Park itself. Ideal for the first time buyer. Offered with No Chain. Viewing E..."
"Reeds Rains Wakefield is excited to bring to the market this three bedroom semi-detached home located within the city centre of Wakefield. Internally this home briefly comprises of: living room, dining room, kitchen, first floor landing, three bedrooms and a bathroom. Extern..."
"Offered for sale with NO CHAIN is this three bedroom semi detached house situated in this highly popular location. Ideally positioned for easy access to to Wakefield city centre and a range of amenities including Thornes Park, local shops, schools, bus routes, Kirkgate Train Station and the M1 mo..."
A deceptively well proportioned TWO BEDROOM semi detached bungalow with a CONSERVATORY extension to the rear situated in this popular residential area within very reach of Thornes Park and the city centre. EPC rating D55
"**A 3 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME**2 RECEPTION ROOMS**3 DOUBLE BEDROOMS**OFF-ROAD PARKING**IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OPPORTUNITY** Comprising of on the ground floor an entrance hall with access to both reception rooms, kitchen, stairs and a storage cupboard. The kitchen has a selection of modern wall..."
"This well-presented, three-bedroom semi-detached house is perfect for anyone looking to gain access to the property market, benefitting from UPVC double glazing and gas central heating throughout. Available with no onward chain.  The property comprises of entrance hallway, living room, sp..."
*Reduced on 30/01/2023* **A 2 BEDROOM MID-TERRACE HOME**CONSERVATORY**OFF-ROAD PARKING**IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY HOME** Purplebricks are pleased to bring fresh to the market a well presented modern two bedroom mid terrace property located on the modern estate in the grounds of the old Snapethorpe H...
Martin and Co - Wakefield are pleased to bring to the market this semi detached four bedroom house. The house has been converted for use as a HMO but can easily be returned to normal residential use. Set over two floors with on street parking and rear garden. Chain Free
 Spacious  property situated in Newton Hill on the outskirts of Wakefield. REF GC O175  It is within a 5 minute drive of Wakefield Centre and with great transport links and local amenities to hand. This converted semi detached house has been adapted into two spa...
"FREEHOLD We are delighted to offer to the market this pleasant 3-bedroom semi-detached house on Agbrigg Road. The property offers a well-adapted layout, offering spacious and comfortable accommodation supporting a wide array of individual or collective family activities. "
"Guide Price: £150,000 - £160,000. A Three Bedroom mature Terrace located close to Wakefield City Centre. Fantastic family home or rental potential. Viewing Advised. No Upper Chain."
"Representing a unique opportunity to acquire a move-in ready semi-detached property on the outskirts of Wakefield, this home is ideal for any house hunter looking for a stress-free move into a highly desirable location. With no modernisation required, this attractive home will provide a huge ran..."
"For sale by Modern Method of Auction; Starting Bid Price £150,000 plus reservation fee. Subject to an undisclosed reserve price. This spacious THREE BEDROOM end town house. UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. This property is for sale by West Yorkshire Property Auction powered by iams..."
"Located in the Alverthorpe area of Wakefield, this spacious 4 bed through terraced is in need of a few repairs but offers a great family home. The property offers entranace hall, lounge , kitchen/diner, 3 cellars - one used as an office/utility roomand the other 2 for storage. To the first flo..."
"This MODERN purpose built TWO BEDROOM ground floor apartment is located in the heart of the city Centre, adjacent to the Wakefield College, and within strolling distance of the city centre as well as Wakefield Westgate train Station with direct links to all major centres. EPC rating B81"
"Movenowproperties are delighted to offer a 75% share of this beautiful 2 double bedroom property for sale. Having pleasant entrance hall, downstairs wc, living room with patio doors opening to enclosed rear garden, off road parking for 2 vehicles. Must be viewed to be appreciated. "
"Located in the prime location of Outwood, this spacious 2 bed through terrace is in need of refubishment. The property would make a great first time buyer property and offers lounge, kitchen/diner, cellar, 2 x bedrooms and bathroom. To the front is a small garden and to the rear is a large gard..."
A Three Bed Mid Terrace located in a most popular and convenient area in Wakefield ideal for the city and motorway networks. Good local amenities to include schools and shops. Viewings highly recommended to fully appreciate this home.
"A spacious two bedroom mid terrace offered to the market with no onward chain. Situated in a sought after location of Outwood, with great access to schools, transport links and local amenities. The property briefly comprises of lounge, kitchen, 2 bedrooms and family bathroom. Rear garden."
"An ideal opportunity for the first time buyer, working couple or those looking to downsize, is this WELL APPOINTED two double bedroom ground floor apartment. EPC rating D66."
Well proportioned TWO BEDROOM end town house situated in this convenient residential area within easy reach of local facilities. Awaiting EPC rating.
"Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this modern purpose built two bedroomed second floor apartment located in the heart of the city Centre, adjacent to the Wakefield College, and strolling distance of Wakefield Westgate train Station."
Martin and Co - Wakefield are pleased to bring to the market this superb and immaculately presented ground floor Two double bedroom apartment. Located in the popular development of parklands manor and offered with no onward chain. 
"Guide Price: £135,000 - £145,000 - 2 Bedroom Mature Terrace Property. Ideal for the first time buyer, growing family and commuter. Viewing recommended to avoid disappointment. Within excellent access of Sandal/Agbrigg train station, bus routes, schooling and shops."
"Reeds Rains Wakefield are proud to bring to the market this two bedroom terrace home located in the village of Alverthorpe. Internally this home briefly comprises of: living room, kitchen, utility/porch, first floor landing, two bedrooms, shower room and basement. Externally..."
"***SUPERB TOP FLOOR APARTMENT WITH ALLOCATED PARKING*** This stylish two-bed apartment is located just stones throw away from Pinderfields Hospital. The accommodation briefly comprises private entrance hallway, spacious living room with dining area, separate kitchen with integrated appliances, t..."
3 Bedroom Semi-detached offering a great opportunity to an investor or home mover as it offers great potential. This property is for sale by Modern Method of Auction powered by IAM Sold Ltd.
50% SHARE PRICE - CONTACT US FOR MORE INFORMATION. The Pine is the perfect starter home with integrated Bosch appliances and French doors leading from the kitchen to the rear garden. Upstairs are two double bedrooms and a further single.
"Guide Price: £125,000 - £135,000. An upper floor Apartment located ideal for Pinderfields Hospital, transport links and fantastic for the young professional. Attractively Priced. Allocated parking. No Upper Chain. Viewing Essential"
TWO bedroom FIRST FLOOR apartment in the ever popular PARKLANDS development. Close to Pinderfields Hospital. Gas central heating and allocated off road parking.
Deceptive from the main roadside is this TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS mature mid terrace property benefiting from UPVC double glazing and gas central heating. EPC rating C69
"Situated in the heart of Wakefield, this superbly presented one bedroom ground floor apartment benefitting from open plan living accommodation and driveway parking. EPC rating C73."
"Well appointed and recently decorated throughout is this deceptively SPACIOUS and attractive second floor (top floor) apartment. Benefiting from gas central heating, modern oak doors fitted throughout and boasting FREE private permit parking. EPC rating C75"
"Holroyd Miller have pleasure in offering for sale this purpose built first floor flat occupying a pleasant position off Castle Road, set amongst mature trees offering a pleasant setting."
***CASH BUYERS ONLY *** This 3 bedroom semi-detached home sits on a substantial plot and is nestled in the sought-after area of Wakefield. It is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links....
"**A 2 BEDROOM MID TERRACE HOME**VERY WELL PRESENTED and READY TO MOVE STRAIGHT IN**IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR RENTAL INVESTMENT** Comprising of on the ground floor a lounge with access to the cellar, kitchen and stairs leading to the 1st floor. From the kitchen there is access to the downstairs wc ..."
"A bright and inviting Ground Floor Apartment located on Chaloner Grove. Birch House is beautifully appointed overlooking green space. Offered to the market with No Upper Chain. Ideal location for Pinderfields Hospital, transport links and train station."
"We are pleased to offer this exciting opportunity of TWO, TWO BEDROOM apartments being sold off plan with full planning permission in place."
***VIEWINGS TO START FROM TUESDAY 4th APRIL*** Mid terrace two bedroom property with private rear garden and cellar
"A rare and exciting opportunity to acquire a development plot with full planning permission for three dwellings. Situated in the heart of Wakefield, the plot benefits from an abundance of local amenities with excellent restaurants and bars, convenient public transport links and direct..."
"Not to be missed this well presented 3 Bedroom Semi-detached property. Non standard construction. Generous size rear garden, lawned garden to the front. Well placed for local amenities, transport links and schooling. This property is for sale by Modern Method of Auction powered by IAM Sold Ltd."
Reeds Rains Wakefield is proud to bring to the market this two bedroom home with loft room located in the Wakefield City Centre. EPC Rating: D61 Council Tax Band: A 
"Guide Price: £115,000 - £125,000. Two Bedroom Mid Terrace plus occasional room, well presented kitchen plus utility room. No Upper Chain. Enclosed low maintenance year to the rear. Excellent transport links. Viewing is highly recommended. Not to be Missed!"
"Rarely do such Apartments come onto the open market. With its own independent entrance this spacious, modern and well presented apartment SOLD WITH SITTING TENANT. Close to Sandal/Agbrigg train station. Lease on the building is owned by the current vendor and No 3."
This extremely spacious 2 double bedroom ground floor apartment is an ideal purchase for a landlord/investor requiring a well presented property with quality tenant already in place. Alternatively it would also be of interest to a first time buyer or those requiring ground floor/single storey li...
"FOR SALE BY MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION STARTING BID PRICE £110,000 PLUS RESERVATION FEE** A NICELY PROPORTIONED THREE BEDROOM TERRACED PROPERTY, RECENTLY REFURBISHED AND AN IDEAL INVESTMENT OR FIRST TIME BUY. EPC RATING D COUNCIL TAX BAND A FREEHOLD. This prop..."
Manning Stainton are pleased to present to market this one bedroom mid terraced home located in Alverthorpe. This property has plenty of character throughout having impressive high ceilings and sash windows. The accommodation is spacious making it a brilliant purchase for an array of buyers. 
A TWO BEDROOM second floor apartment located CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES within a short distance to Wakefield city centre and approximately less than four miles from junction 39 of the M1 motorway. With secure intercom security system. Awaiting EPC rating.
ATTENTION ALL FIRST TIME BUYERS AND INVESTORS- TWO BEDROOMS- EN-SUITE-ALLOCATED PARKING-PRIME LOCATION
"GUIDE PRICE £100,000 - £110,000 Movenowproperties are offering this well designed 2 double bedroom, first floor apartment for sale. Located in a popular location of Wakefield Town Centre offering gated parking, 2 double bedrooms, bathroom with 4 piece suite, living / dining area with Juliet balcony"
TREAT YOURSELF! We are delighted to be able to offer this first floor apartment as part of this stunning modern development in Wakefield city centre adjacent to Westgate railway station. The property is ideal for a first time buyer who enjoys being close to the city centre. The ...
"***Investors only*** This one bedroom property is situated in the heart of Wakefield City Centre and within walking distance to local bars, restaurants, shops and gyms. This property is being sold as a buy to let investment, with the current tenants currently paying £650 PCM. Please cont..."
***Investor only*** This new development is situated heart of the city centre and comprises a luxury specification throughout. This makes the perfect investment property due to the high yield and capital growth potential. Perfect for an investor looking for a safe and hands off investme...
"Guide Price: £95,000 - £100,000. Ideally suit the professional or those wanting a great deal of privacy in a fantastic location for commuting. Covered underground parking in a secure Garage area. Great proximity to train stations, Newmillerdam, Sandal, Hepworth Gallery, Wakefield city centre shops."
William H Brown are delighted to offer to market this 2 Bedroom First Floor Apartment. Offered with No Upper Chain. Ideal for the commuter and good local amenities. Allocated parking space. Incentives Available (Subject to Conditions). Not to be Missed!
"We are pleased to offer, this priced to sell, LARGE ONE BEDROOM first floor apartment, situated in this popular, secure, residential development to the south of the city."
"Two bedroom SECOND FLOOR apartment comprises; communal entrance lobby with intercom access, entrance hall with utility cupboard, spacious open plan lounge/diner/kitchen with Juliet balcony, two double bedrooms and bathroom/w.c. ALLOCATED PARKING space and a communal paved seating area. EPC r..."
"An ideal investment opportunity or home for the first time buyer, available with no upward chain. An attractive TWO BEDROOM second floor apartment, situated in the heart of Wakefield CITY CENTRE with excellent access to Westgate Train Station. EPC rating C71"
"Welcome to George House, a new high-specification residential developments in the heart of Wakefield’s thriving city centre. Yorkshire is tipped to see the UK’s greatest house price growth over the next five years. 2021 was a record-breaking year for the Yorkshire region with the biggest climb..."
"For sale by Modern Method of Auction; Starting Bid Price £90,000 plus reservation fee. Subject to an undisclosed reserve price. Ground floor apartment with TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS. This property is for sale by West Yorkshire Property Auction powered by iamsold ltd. EPC rating C73."
** TWO BEDROOM ** TOP FLOOR FLAT ** ALLOCATED PARKING ** BALCONY **
ATTENTION ALL INVESTORS & FIRST TIME BUYERS! This 2 bedroom apartment is offered for sale with no chain & within walking distance to Wakefield City Centre! Call Reeds Rains on to arrange your internal inspection!
We are delighted to offer to the market this well presented and spacious One Bedroom First Floor Flat located in a most convenient City centre location in Wakefield. Offered with No Upper Chain.
"**A 2 BEDROOM END-TERRACE HOME**NO UPWARD CHAIN**IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OPPORTUNITY** Comprising of on the ground floor a lounge, kitchen/dining room and stairs leading to the first floor. The lounge is a good size with carpet and neutral décor. The kitchen has a selection of units with a ss sink..."
Located in Pinders heath next to Pinderfields hospital in the converted grade 2 listed building ( former hospital building). This spacious 1 bed apartment is offered as a great BTL investment and comes with sitting tenant paying £545 per c/m until Feb 2024. This first floor apartment has ...
**70% SHARED EQUITY** **OVER 55'S** Offered with vacant possession and NO CHAIN! This two bedroom lower ground flat is situated on a quaint purpose built estate in the heart of Sandal. The purchaser can access the free on site launderette as well as the community room where residents meet weekly....
"**THIS PROPERTY IS FOR SALE BY THE MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION. FOR SALE BY CONDITIONAL AUCTION, STARTING BID: £80,000 + RESERVATION FEE** Reeds Rains Wakefield is excited to bring to the market this two bedroom home located within a mile of Wakefield City Centre. "
"This attractive 1 bedroom flat sits on a substantial plot and is nestled in a lovely town, in the sought-after area of Wakefield. It is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary schools) whilst having excellent transport links. This impressive pr..."
"Movenowproperties are pleased to offer this top floor, 1 bed apartment available with NO CHAIN! A spacious & modern apartment situated close to local amenities and fantastic bus / train routes for those commuting."
"An ideal opportunity for the first time buyer or investor to acquire this ONE BEDROOM first floor APARTMENT, situated in the heart of Wakefield CITY CENTRE with excellent access to Westgate Train Station. Available with no upward chain involved. EPC rating D66"
"Situated within walking distance to a range of CITY CENTRE amenities, local bus routes and Westgate Train Station. An ideal INVESTMENT opportunity or home for the first time buyer. An attractive one bedroom FIRST FLOOR apartment. EPC rating D66"
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this first floor two bedroom apartment on this sought after OVER 55s DEVELOPMENT benefitting from two double bedrooms and spacious living room. EPC rating C75.
"Superb 1 bed ground floor apartment in the popular location of St Johns now available with no chain. This apartment would make a great first time buyer or investment property and offers lounge, kitchen, double bedroom and bathroom. To the outside is allocated parking and communal gardens. ..."
"PUBLIC NOTICE - Reeds Rains are now in receipt of an offer for the sum of £67,000 for Apartment 5, Hepworth, Woodlands Village, Wakefield. Anyone wishing to place an offer on the property should contact Reeds Rains, 4 Bull Ring, Wakefield, WF1 1HA on prior to exchange of contrac..."
Martin and Co - Wakefield are pleased to bring to the market this well presented first floor bedsit apartment for sale. Set in a converted house consisting of two other apartments. 
Martin and Co - Wakefield are pleased to bring to the market this well presented first floor one bedroom apartment for sale. Set in a converted house consisting of two other apartments.
The property is for sale via modern method of Auction Superb 1 bed ground floor apartment in the popular location of St Johns is available with sitting tenant paying £575 per c/m until March 2024. This apartment would make a great first time buyer or investment property and offe...
**70% SHARED EQUITY** **OVER 55'S **CASH BUYERS ONLY** This modern one bedroom upper floor flat is situated on a quaint purpose built estate in the heart of sandal. The purchaser can access the free on site launderette as well as the community room where residents meet weekly. There is also ...
An ideal opportunity for those looking to downsize to acquire themselves a 70% shared ownership one double bedroom GROUND FLOOR apartment within this popular part of Sandal benefiting from double glazing and gas central heating. EPC rating C72
"ATTENTION INVESTORS. Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this one bedroom, ground floor apartment, currently tenanted via Wakefield council. The property would be ideal for a cash buyer. EPC rating E39"
"This two-bedroom two bathroom duplex apartment is only a few minutes’ walk from Wakefield town centre and Queen Elizabeth Grammar School. Requiring full refurbishment throughout the property comprises; communal entry hall, private entrance with stairs leading to the first floor. On the firs..."
"Public Notice: Apt 2, Delius, Woodlands Village, West Yorkshire, WF1 5LR. We are acting in the sale of the above property and have received an offer of £59,000. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange. EPC: C Located in th..."
"This tenanted, modern 4th floor studio flat is sure to appeal to landlords and investors looking for an affordable buy to let in Wakefield city centre. Currently let, the property is generating £6,000 per annum which equates to a gross return of more than 12%. The flat has a favourable layo..."
"Movenowproperties are pleased to offer this 1 bedroom, ground floor apartment for sale. The property offers entrance hall, kitchen, bedroom and living room. Available with NO CHAIN.CASH BUYERS ONLY "
"Martin and Co - Wakefield are pleased to bring to the market this ground floor two bedroom apartment. Have open plan kitchen living dining, down stairs WC. To the first floor there are two bedrooms and a house bathroom."
