Summary
Excellent development opportunity on the edge of Winchester and the South Downs National Park. The site is currently occupied by a 64-bed care home. It is a substantial red brick building over three storeys with a basement which is used for storage and plant equipment. The original (central) pa...
"A landmark listed Regency house elevated, with wonderful views of St. Cross Hospital, St Catherine’s Hill and as far as the Isle of Wight. Mantua House, is undoubtedly one of the finest semi-detached grade II listed town houses in the city. Built in 1837 and designed within a curved crescent o..."
An impressive contemporary house with extensive accommodation arranged as three main wings and a three storey tower around an attractive courtyard.
"The property is situated in a commanding south facing position on Sleepers Hill, a prestigious residential enclave, within easy reach of Winchester city centre. An impressive contemporary house with extensive accommodation arranged as three main wings and a three storey tower around an attractiv..."
"A distinctive detached family home with an appealing 'arts and crafts' design, set in stunning mature grounds of over half an acre and affording a convenient walkable distance to the City"
"Delightful Arts and Crafts family home with impressive accommodation of over 5,000 sq ft, positioned within delightful grounds of just over half an acre."
A substantial Edwardian family house offering elegant accommodation of the highest quality.
New Show Home Open To View By Appointment. Contact Us To Book. Langham Place is an exceptional new development by Alfred Homes comprising detached and semi-detached properties plus luxurious apartments. This impressive home offers four double bedrooms and wonderful ground-floor living accommodat...
A magnificent five bedroom home offering a wonderful blend of traditional elegance with contemporary elements in an elevated setting with far reaching views.
New Show Home Open To View By Appointment. Contact Us To Book. Langham Place is an exceptional new development by Alfred Homes comprising detached and semi-detached properties plus luxurious apartments. This fantastic semi-detached property provides outstanding ground floor accommodation and fou...
New Show Home Open To View By Appointment. Contact Us To Book. Langham Place is an exceptional new development by Alfred Homes comprising detached and semi-detached properties plus luxurious apartments. This wonderfully spacious semi-detached home has a wealth of features and four generous doubl...
"An imposing detached family home in a prime location with fantastic gardens, plenty of off street parking and garaging"
"A fantastic recently renovated Grade II listed end of terrace house, situated within one of the finest cathedral streets. Believed to date back to 1413 when it was reputedly a bakery, this special period property exudes original features, charm and character. The current owners have recently com..."
"A simply stunning four bedroom end of terrace house with garage and parking, located within a premium position in Winchester benefitting from views across to the cathedral."
"An exceptional City residence, with parking, a garage and a stunning outlook."
An exceptional detached family home with a lovely elevated position and secluded plot approaching half an acre
"A highly convenient five/six bedroom period family home with off street parking, a fantastic rear garden with outbuilding and within 0.2 miles of the railway station."
"Spacious detached house within a delightful plot approaching half an acre, situated in a most sought-after location."
"A charming period home within a tranquil setting, close to Winchester Cathedral, the high street and walks out to the water meadows of St Cross and the Itchen Navigation. This charming family home sits alongside similar historic buildings and within the most attractive of streets scenes opposite..."
"A charming period home within a tranquil setting, close to Winchester Cathedral, the high street and walks out to the water meadows of St Cross and the Itchen Navigation."
"Five bedroom detached house within Kings School Catchment. Located just to the south-west edge of the City of Winchester, Westminster Gate is popular with families as it falls within catchment and a comfortable walk of St. Peter's Catholic Primary School and the well-regarded Kings' School. Thi..."
Substantial detached family home set on a wonderful plot of 0.34 acres.
"If you’re looking for a family home that boasts space, light, excellent local schools and amenities, look no further, this wonderful property in Sarum Close could be the one for you. Positioned at the front of a development of just 28 houses; the property is situated 1.2 miles from Win..."
"A five bedroom detached family home, close to Winchester city centre with far-reaching views. This property has a high degree of 'kerb appeal' with quality bricks underneath a clay tiled roof. The orientation of the house makes for light, bright and airy accommodation that offers not only an exc..."
"Charming and beautifully presented end of terrace period property set in the heart of one of the most sought after areas of Winchester. Two bedrooms, garden, outstanding views of St. Catherines Hill and planning permission granted to extend further."
"An exquisite and meticulously restored 4-bedroom period home benefitting from a central location within St Cross, charming gardens and private off-street parking for 2 vehicles."
"A highly versatile 4-bedroom detached property of nearly 3000 sq. ft. with garaging, parking for many cars and a bespoke, premium finish throughout."
"An exceptionally rare opportunity to own a unique family home which was once the Evangelical Church of Hyde (built circa 1870 and converted in the 1980s). The property has been tastefully modernised and converted and now offers 2100 sq ft of stunning, well-proportioned accommodation across two fl..."
"* Approx 2,263 sq ft * Immaculately Presented * Spacious Detached Family House * Private Road * Five Bedrooms * Three Reception Rooms * Three Bathrooms * Double Garage * Off Street Parking * Enclosed Garden *"
"Four bedroom semi-detached Grade II listed house located in the popular area of Hyde. The original house was constructed in 1780 and was divided into two wings in 1978. In more recent years the current owner has upgraded the property, including a stylish fitted kitchen and redesigned bathrooms, ..."
A stunning detached house (2536 ft²) offering wonderful views over St. Catherine's Hill and the South Downs.
"This unique and characterful house is conveniently set within the heart of Winchester city. Dating back to approximately 1460, this Grade II listed property was, we understand, once occupied by the chief stone mason of Winchester Cathedral. Occupying an enviable central position within the city,..."
"**SHOW HOME NOW OPEN** A fantastic four-bedroom home with a south-facing garden. Situated to the front of the development and accessed via the main drive, this beautiful home benefits from an impressive modern layout including a contemporary kitchen with Quartz worktops and Miele ..."
"Well extended townhouse with excellent accommodation approaching 3000sq.ft, perfectly located for the city and station."
"Pretty Grade II listed house with accommodation over four floors, situated just to the west of The Barracks, with scope to improve."
"This substantial double fronted home constructed by Cala Homes in the 'Alfred' design is arranged over three floors and offers in excess of 3000 sq ft of well-proportioned accommodation. Internally the property provides an ideal contemporary layout, perfect for a growing family and has had a hug..."
* Four Double Bedrooms * Three Reception Rooms * Two Bathrooms * Off-Street Parking * Garage * Attractive Garden * Detached * Great Local Schools * 0.75 Miles from Winchester Train Station *
"This exceptional waterside city property is located off The Broadway and overlooking the River Itchen providing tranquil living in a central location. This fabulous family home is beautifully presented with its reconfigured interior providing excellent family accommodation. Internally, on the e..."
"An impressive four-bedroom luxury home with beautiful accommodation set over three floors. The ground floor reception hall leads to a wonderful open-plan living area; a stunning Leicht kitchen, dining and family room complete with Quartz work surfaces, Bosch cooking equipment and integral Bosch ..."
"Dybles are delighted to present this stunning family home, located in the desirable area of Olivers Battery. An early viewing is highly advised to avoid disappointment."
"A truly unique detached period property once a formal Meeting Hall, conveniently situated close to city centre in the popular area of Fulflood. This unique detached property is positioned in the popular area of Fulflood and was formerly known as the ‘The Meeting Hall’ and ..."
* Three Bedrooms plus Loft Studio * Three Reception Rooms * Two Bathrooms * Original Period Features * Off Street Parking * Enclosed Rear Garden * Electric Vehicle Charging Point * Catchment Area for All Saints Primary and Westgate Secondary Schools *
"* Immaculately Presented * Approximately 2,750 sq ft * Detached * Five Double Bedrooms * Two Bathrooms * Study and Utility Room * Garage * Off Street Parking * Large Rear Garden * Garden Office *"
A centrally located townhouse with off road parking.
"An outstanding dwelling just moments from the City Centre and mainline railway station, yet discreetly situated in a tranquil gated courtyard."
"An impressive and spacious detached family home, built around 1993, and set close to Winchester City centre. Exceptionally well-presented detached family home. The house forms part of an exclusive development of twelve homes originally built by Berkeley Homes in the 1990's. The house offers bala..."
* No Forward Chain * In Need of Modernisation * Detached * Four Bedrooms * Three Reception Rooms * Two Bathrooms and Additional WC * Off Street Parking and Integral Garage * Garden * Catchment for St Bede and Westgate Schools * Scope to Extend Subject to Planning *
"Occupying one of the most spectacular positions in this exclusive neighbourhood, this impressive detached home is a wonderful opportunity.  Offering five bedrooms including master suite, social kitchen, large garden room, living room, utility room, double garage/workshop, and off-road parking for..."
An exceptional luxury apartment in this prestigious setting overlooking Royal Winchester Golf Club.
"A characterful Victorian family home of four bedrooms with extended accommodation, established garden and fantastic central location between Orams Arbour and the Railway Station"
* Four Bedrooms * Three Reception Rooms * Two Bathrooms * Kitchen/Breakfast Room * Office * Utility Room * Attractive Garden * Double Garage * Off Street Parking * Quiet Location *
"Modern contemporary house in a most sought-after location moments from the Arbour, Station and High Street."
New Show Home Open To View By Appointment. Contact Us To Book. Langham Place is an exceptional new development by Alfred Homes comprising detached and semi-detached properties plus luxurious apartments. This spacious ground floor apartment with exceptionally high ceilings provides two impressive...
"A substantial detached family home, with a modernised interior and spacious rooms."
Show Home now available to view strictly by appointment. 
"Show Home Now Available To View, Strictly By Appointment."
"Sophisticated, superbly presented and offering flexible, well-proportioned accommodation, this four-bedroom, three storey semi-detached town house has a generous interior and ample built in storage. There is an immediate sense of space and a light and airy feel throughout the versatile living acc..."
An elegant City townhouse.
"Offered with no forward chain. This detached home of impressive proportions and exquisite finish quality is located within a convenient position and a short walk from the mainline station, yet within catchment of St. Bede primary and Westgate secondary schools."
"Fantastic five bedroom family home which was built in circa 2014 by renowned builders Redrow Homes and finished to a high standard, offering excellent well-proportioned accommodation with superb natural light through the house. The home is attractively positioned with many rooms overlooking wood..."
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** The Property: Fantastic five bedroom family home which was built in circa 2014 by renowned builders Redrow Homes and finished to a high standard, offering excellent well-proportioned accommodation with superb natural light through the house. ..."
"Beautifully presented town house built in 2019, beautifully located in one of Winchester's most sought after roads, close to City centre, Hotel Du Vin, log fired pubs, cinema, and the bustling High Street with boutiques and restaurants. Designed by the renowned architect Huw Thomas, this tradit..."
An impressive 2440 sq. ft. City mews with private parking and a south/west facing garden/terrace. Offered with no chain
" Formerly one of Winchester's main brewery houses, and the last to be closed, The Counting House now is a charming three-bedroom family home in Hyde, a sought-after location of Winchester. Upon entering the main area is a large open planned room which lends itself to a versatile way of livin..."
"A terrific family home near Oram's Arbour with impressive far-reaching views of the city. This period property is one of the most spacious in the road, with flexible accommodation spread over four floors, three bedrooms, three reception rooms, large studio, large garage and enclosed rear garden. ..."
This attractive and spacious detached family home is located in a quiet cul-de-sac enviably positioned within Kings School catchment. The property is approached via a driveway which provides off-road parking for a couple of vehicles and includes the converted garage which is now used as a separat...
* No Forward Chain * Detached Bungalow * Three Bedrooms * Two Reception Rooms * Study * Double Garage * Off Street Parking * Lovely Rear Garden * Quiet Location * Stunning Views over South Winchester Golf Course *
"* No Forward Chain * Four Bedrooms * Three Reception Rooms * Detached * Garage * Garden Room * Front and Rear Gardens * Driveway Parking * Catchment for Weeke Primary, Henry Beaufort Secondary and Peter Symonds Sixth Form College *"
Tastefully extended Victorian home moments from the mainline train station and located within excellent school catchments.
"A cleverly designed detached family home, with all the contemporary rooms, storage and comfort you need. The Abbey was designed by prestigious developers Cala Homes and offers flexible living and well-proportioned accommodation throughout to suit the needs of a family. A welcoming and spacious ..."
"Dybles are delighted to present this spacious four bedroom home, located in Oliver's Battery. The home boasts a variety of features and benefits including ample parking, stunning views as well as a generously sized garden. "
"Totalling 1400 sq ft, a beautiful late Georgian mid terrace, three storey property with south-east facing garden in a central Winchester location"
"Stanford Estate Agents are delighted to offer this stunning and well presented townhouse located in central Winchester, a stones throw away from the city centre and mainline train station. Offering close to 1,150 sq ft of accommodation with two bathrooms, four bedrooms and a courtyard garden. "
"Detached bungalow with scope to modernise, set on a particularly private plot in excess of 0.25 acres."
"A wonderfully spacious and bright ground floor apartment benefitting from a private garden with parking directly in front of the main entrance. Built in 2001, the property is perfectly positioned in a modern purpose-built block in a mature leafy setting off the prestigious Park Road, close to th..."
Well-presented detached house within a cul-de-sac location.
"Semi-detached house with exceptional ground floor extension, providing spacious family living within this sought-after position."
"Period Grade II Listed cottage just minutes from the High Street, tucked away in an elevated position in Water Lane fronting on to the River Itchen. Rosemary Close is a Grade II listed period cottage just minutes from the High Street. It is tucked away in an elevated position in Water Lane front..."
"A rare opportunity to own a superb three-storey family home boasting well-proportioned and versatile living accommodation.  The whole property has been well maintained by the current owners. The front door opens onto an attractive entrance hall, off which is the light and spacious fourth bed..."
"Ewemove - A fantastic period townhouse within walking distance of the city centre, offered with no forward chain."
"Unusually with its own front door, an elegant apartment with a striking kitchen, two bedroom suites and a west facing terrace with views towards Royal Winchester GC. There are two secure, gated underground parking spaces."
"Beautifully extended home, approaching 1,400 sq. ft, backing onto woodland on this quiet, no-through road."
"New Show Home Open To View By Appointment. Contact Us To Book. Langham Place is an exceptional new development by Alfred Homes comprising detached and semi-detached properties plus luxurious apartments. This smart home offers contemporary, open-plan ground floor accommodation complemented by two..."
"Beautifully presented detached home, occupying a quiet position within this established cul-de-sac."
"Presented to the market for the first time since 1903, this handsome townhouse is spread over four floors and has spacious accomodation throughout. Appealing to both investors and residential buyers alike, the property offers four bedrooms, three reception rooms, enclosed rear garden, and no onwa..."
"Spacious townhouse enjoying far reaching views across the city, with off road parking and a garage."
"A beautiful four-bedroom energy efficent family home presented to a fantastic standard, constructed by renowned developers, Cala Homes, just 18 months ago. The property boasts a superior amount of light and accommodation in an enviable position within the Kings Barton development. The private dri..."
"A stunning property that artfully blends Victorian period features with contemporary city living. Situated in the very exclusive Oram's Arbour neighbourhood. Offering three bedrooms, two bathrooms, social kitchen/dining room, warm living room, and truly spectacular far-reaching views."
"A light and spacious modern townhouse with accommodation in excess of 1,200 sq. ft and benefiting from a stunning aspect."
"* Approximately 1,540 sq ft * Four Bedrooms * Three Bathrooms * Three Reception Rooms * Office * Utility Room * Enclosed Rear Garden * Driveway Parking *"
"Extended semi-detached house within moments of the Arbour, Station and city, with off road parking and a south facing garden."
"Quirky home with spacious accommodation throughout within this desirable position, close to riverside and countryside walks and the thriving city centre of Winchester along the picturesque Nuns Walk."
 A superbly located 3 bedroom period property within 0.2 miles of the train station
"A delightful Victorian home, tastefully modernised and extended and boasting off-road parking."
"** Showhome opening soon, please call Charters on to arrange an appointment ** Home Three is situated to the western edge of the development, this elegant home benefits from an impressive modern layout including a contemporary kitchen with island and French doors opening d..."
"Dybles are delighted to present this four bedroom family home, located on the southern edge of Olivers Battery. This home is ideal for a prospective buyer looking to add their own touches to a property as well as having no forward chain. The property also includes off road parking as well as both..."
"Apartment 12 is the largest of the remaining apartments at Winchester Holts. With two generous double bedrooms, both with built-in wardrobes, two shower rooms and a wonderful open-plan kitchen/dining/sitting room featuring a 18' private balcony with stunning views, this apartment is a hidden tre..."
* Detached * Three Bedrooms * Two Bathrooms * Two Reception Rooms * Utility Room * Off Street Parking * Garden * Close to Local Amenities * Quiet Location * Catchment for Weeke Primary and Henry Beaufort Secondary *
"***EXCLUSIVELY AVAILABLE FOR OVER 60'S*** Apartment 29 at Pegasus Winchester Holts in Winchester is a 2 bedroom, 2 bathroom home situated on the 2nd floor, spread across approximately 903.8 sq ft of living space. Set on a quiet, leafy road not far from the heart of this historic city."
"The extensive apartment spans over 1400 sq ft of accommodation. Built in 2011 by Beechcroft Developments, a leading developer of homes for the over 55's, Milesdown Place is an attractive gated development with underground parking and charming well maintained communal grounds. Number 12 is a grou..."
**LAST FEW APARTMENTS AVAILABLE** Apartment 22 is a superb 2 bedroom second floor corner apartment featuring a wonderful open-plan kitchen/sitting room with a beautiful fully fitted kitchen and double doors leading to a private balcony. This stylish apartment also boasts two double bedrooms...
"An exquisitely extended and presented Victorian family home in the sought after area of Hyde. The hallway leads to the sitting room, with fireplace, family room, and through to the imaginatively extended kitchen/breakfast room, with cleverly concealed study area, and cloakroom/utility room. Bi-f..."
"This deceptively spaceous family home is located on the edge of a popular development, benefitting from excellent countryside views over green open space and a park. Internally the property offers in excess of 1800 sq ft of well-proportioned accommodation and is cleverly arranged over three floo..."
Well-presented end terrace house with a pretty south-west facing garden.
"With a flexible layout that flows well, this detached four-bedroom home is centrally located within the popular Badger Farm. The property has been beautifully updated and extended to provide spacious rooms of good proportions. With its double aspect, the stunning 19 ft sitting room features slidi..."
"This two-bedroom home is perfectly positioned on the edge of Orams Arbour and has been improved and refurbished by the current owner to a very high standard throughout. With well-proportioned accommodation over three floors, this property has a welcoming entrance room on the ground floor, which ..."
4 bedroom Grade II listed period cottage with private garden set in the heart of St. Cross and within catchment area for St. Faith's school.
"An impressive property within a conversion of nine homes in the Grade II listed St Thomas Church. There is a fully fitted kitchen on the ground floor with integrated Miele appliances in an open plan, vaulted living and dining space with a double-height ceiling. Off the hallway, there is a downst..."
"Three double bedroom detached property featuring: driveway, garage and a particularly stunning feature is the south facing rear garden, The overall layout is designed to create a spacious home. The property offers excellent scope for extension or slight improvement to individuals wishing to"
"Fantastic detached family house with a garage and driveway, which is neatly positioned within a popular cul-de-sac location in a sought-after suburb to the south of Winchester. The house is very well presented and benefits from a large extension to the rear, which has added an additional receptio..."
This beautifully presented Victorian terraced home has been fully refurbished by the vendor and now provides exceptional modern living spaces with a number of features retained throughout. One of the properties most exciting attributes is the highly finished kitchen providing a timeless lo which...
"A spacious, ground floor, two bedroom apartment. Boasting an open plan living space, and luxurious principle suite. Gorgeous herringbone flooring running through the hallway, and open plan living space, making for a seamless flow throughout the home."
A wonderful family home offering an abundance of flexible living space and situated just minutes from local amenities and public transport. The entrance door opens to an inner hallway with stairs to first floor. To the front of the house sits the spacious double aspect sitting/dining room. The...
"A spacious apartment with lift access in a privately-owned development comprising of fourteen individual properties. Arriving at the property the well-maintained covered front door and communal hallway welcomes you to this exclusive collection of apartments. Served by a lift or stairs, no. 9 is..."
"Superbly extended and much improved, this three-bedroom home has a breath-taking open plan kitchen family space as well as stunning gym suite. This extensively adapted family home enjoys a light and airy feel throughout with a welcoming entrance hallway on arrival and stairs which rise to the fir..."
"DEPOSIT UNLOCK AVAILABLE ON SELECTED HOMES. Featuring an OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/family room, with FRENCH DOORS out to the garden and a separate sitting room with BAY WINDOW. Bedroom 1 with EN SUITE & FITTED WARDROBE..."
"Superbly presented fully modernised home, retaining a wealth of original features, positioned just a short walk alongside the beautiful Itchen River from Winchester City Centre and the new Winchester Sport & Leisure Park. This delightful property enjoys accommodation arranged over several flo..."
"Situated in this ever-popular Kings Barton development built by Cala homes in 2018, this four-bedroom townhouse is finished to an impeccable standard and presented in near show home condition. The ground floor comprises a substantial 26'6 kitchen/dining room/family room with the kitchen equipped..."
"Stylish two bedroom apartment with dressing area off the principal suite, private balcony and allocated underground parking"
"***NO ONWARD CHAIN, FULLY RENOVATED*** INTERNAL PHOTOS COMING SOON! Description This property is a perfect example of a family home in a sought after location which has been fully renovated inside with an added extra incentive of tailoring the interior. "
"** ANNEXE POTENTIAL** This well presented and extended detached family home in excess of 1400sqft offers flexible accommodation over two floors. The property benefits furthermore from driveway parking, entrance hall, large living room with gas fire, garage that has been converted to ..."
This spacious semi-detached chalet style property has a wonderful mature garden and is situated in a quiet cul-de-sac in Teg Down and is within walking distance to both Kings and Westgate Schools and holds a convenient position backing onto woodland and The Royal Hampshire Golf Course. Upon enter...
A detached bungalow with lapsed planning permission for a replacement dwelling occupying a private position at the end of Uplands Road.
* Beautifully Presented * Four Bedrooms * Two Reception Rooms * Modern Fitted Kitchen * Two Bathrooms * Additional Downstairs WC * End of Terrace * Balcony * Off Street Parking * Enclosed Rear Garden *
Beautiful Victorian home enjoying a superb spot within the desirable location of Fulflood.
A modern contemporary house moments from the station with an off-road parking space.
"Wonderfully quirky three-bedroom home close to the city centre, boasting off road parking."
"Dybles are delighted to present this modernised two bedroom chalet bungalow, located in Teg Down. The property is ideal for a diverse variety of buyers given its high quality finish as well as the wide variety of amenities within the area. "
"HOME OF THE MONTH - £10,000 TOWARDS STAMP DUTY. Beautiful home featuring an open plan kitchen/dining/family room with French doors out to the garden and a separate sitting room. Upstairs bedroom 1 benefits from an EN SUITE & FITTED WARDROBE.."
Exceptional two double bedroom apartment with private balcony and two allocated parking spaces.
* Principal Bedroom with Dressing Area and En-Suite Bathroom * Two Further Double Bedrooms * Family Bathroom * Additional Cloakroom * Enclosed Rear Garden * Balcony * Garage * Off Street Parking * Cul-de-Sac Location * Kings' School Catchment *
"This fantastic detached family home offers excellent scope to enhance the accommodation, with a very flexible layout. The entrance door opens to the welcoming hallway, with the benefit of a downstairs cloakroom and leading through to the full width sitting room, which hosts sliding doors to the ..."
"A wonderful two bedroom home, on the third floor of Galahad apartments. The home boasts south facing views off the main living area and a south/west facing balcony. Two allocated parking spaces within the secure underground car park."
"* Extended Property in Harestock * 1,550 sq ft * Very Spacious Over Two Floors * Well Presented * Three Bedrooms * Two Bathrooms * Three Reception Areas * Attractive Garden * Off-Road Parking *"
A former office suite in the centre of Winchester with Planning consent granted for a Change of Use to a 2/3 bedroom luxury apartment which is in an established quality residential development with gated security access to the exclusive car park.Indicative floor plans attached for 2 or 3 bedrooms.
"Charming, characterful cottage withing striking distance of the train station and historic Winchester city centre."
"A bright and spacious ground floor, two bedroom apartment. A stunning herringbone floor runs through from first entrance, into the open plan living space. A gorgeous integrated kitchen, with feature shaker doors, is offset from a large living space. Floor to ceiling windows are fitted throughout."
"Ultra stylish brand new two-bedroom second floor apartment, within the sought-after new Berkeley Homes development, moments from the High Street."
"A modern and bright two-bedroom first floor Berkeley Homes apartment, offering stylish city living. "
"Superb detached family house which is beautifully presented throughout and benefits from a garage and driveway. The property is positioned within a popular cul-de-sac, nestled in the sought-after suburb of Badger Farm. The home is immaculately presented and has been greatly improved by the curre..."
"Attractive and well presented corner plot property with ample parking and enviable far reaching views. The moment you step through the front door, you immediately get drawn to the views ahead of you - westerly views across the golf course courtesy of a generous picture window within a wonderful ..."
"Stunning two bedroom apartment with balcony off the living area, stylish accommodation, dressing area underground parking, concierge service and communal gym."
"Attractive Victorian house in a quiet and sought after location in Fulflood, within walking distance of the mainline rail station and vibrant city centre."
"Fantastic opportunity to acquire this three-bedroom semi-detached home which is conveniently located in a sought-after road and within walking distance of the mainline railway station. The property is an ideal family home, offering versatile and well-proportioned accommodation throughout, with th..."
"Charming Georgian home positioned within the heart of Winchester, moments from the thriving High Street and mainline train station."
"A super three bedroom detached home on Lark Hill Rise, Badger Farm. Driveway Parking, garage and a quiet cul-de-sac position."
"A lovely extended detached house in an end-of-close position in Badger Farm. This family home offers three bedrooms, three reception rooms, conservatory, utility room, workshop and detached single garage as well as ample parking on the driveway. The garden is a highlight, nicely landscaped into a..."
Stylish two double bedroom apartment with two en suites and all allocated parking in the city centre.
"A STYLISH TWO BEDROOM APARTMENT IN DEVENISH HOUSE Two ensuites plus WC, open plan kitchen/living area, allocated parking and storage."
"This substantial three bedroom ground floor apartment benefits from a stunning private garden incorporated in a small block of only three, whilst providing in excess of 1200sq ft of well-proportioned accommodation, with numerous, attractive and character features having been retained. The propert..."
"Characterful cottage dating back to the early 1800s, with private rear garden."
"Four bedroom, mid terrace home, located in Olivers Battery. This large home is ideal for the family unit given its versatile space and a fantastic purpose built park and sports courts, minutes away from the home. Leading on from this family area are fields leading through to Hursley, ideal for ru..."
"A stunning two bedroom home in Lancelot apartments with a balcony overlooking the communal garden & far reaching views beyond. The home boasts a spacious main living space, with fully integrated kitchen, inclusive of wine cooler. Two large bedrooms; the principle with fitted wardrobes and ensuite."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** Three bedroom, semi detached house which includes a large 'L' shaped lounge/dining room providing ample amount of living space. The kitchen/breakfast room is fully fitted with built in appliances and provides plenty of worktop and storage space. There a small conser..."
"An amazing two bedroom home, on the first floor of Galahad apartments. The home boasts south facing views of the communal garden, and two good sized double bedrooms, one of which comes with ensuite and fitted wardrobe. Designated underground parking."
A charming Grade II listed cottage with a long west facing garden. Located at the heart of St Cross with a convenient access to the City.
Well-presented modern home within striking distance of the thriving High Street and mainline train station offered with no forward chain.
* No Forward Chain * Four Bedrooms * Open Plan Sitting/Dining Room * Fitted Kitchen * Garden * Garage * Cul-de-Sac Location * Catchment Area for Western and Westgate Schools *
"A superbly presented, detached home enjoying a large corner plot within this tucked away position."
"A FANTASTIC NEW DEVELOPMENT IN OLIVERS BATTERY, WINCHESTER Two parking spaces and a host of stylish features. 50% NOW SOLD OR RESERVED."
"A fantastic new three-bedroom property by Imperial Homes, in the popular area of Oliver's Battery. "
* Three Bedroom Terraced House * Sitting/Dining Room * Modern Kitchen * Attractive Family Bathroom * Conservatory * Low Maintenance Courtyard Style Garden * Two Parking Spaces * Renewable Energy Air Source * Fantastic Forest Trails and Walks * Great School Catchment Area *
"A two bed apartment in an imposing 18th Century, Grade II Listed building. An imposing 18th Century, Grade II Listed building, sympathetically converted into just 4 luxury two-bedroom apartments, each occupying an entire floor of this magnificent building. Pennyfarthing House has been carefully ..."
"City Centre Living with Parking! Devenish House consists of nine stylish apartments with two or three bedrooms, all with allocated parking in the city centre."
"Dybles are delighted to present to the market this spacious two bedroom period feature property, located a stones throw away from Winchester City Centre and it's thriving high street. "
"A wonderful two-bedroom third floor Berkeley Homes apartment, situated just half a mile from the city centre."
"Found in a quiet cul-de-sac, backing onto an open park, comes this delightful three-bedroom linked detached home which is conveniently located within walking distance of the local shops, amenities and excellent schools. The sunny entrance hall guides you into the home, leading to a fully integrat..."
"Smart modern semi-detached house with a generous south facing rear garden, garage and driveway. "
"Rural outlook, city livingKings Barton is home to a collection of brand-new two-bedroom apartments on a popular development just a short walk from the centre of Winchester, Hampshire.Set around landscaped communal gardens, these new-build homes offer modern and flexible living ..."
A charming two bedroom terraced home located in the popular Hyde area of Winchester.
" Located within the highly sought-after development of Holly Meadows is this immaculately presented two double bedroom, first floor apartment offering more than 1200 sq ft of accommodation with stunning views over the communal gardens. On entering the property, you are welcomed by a spacious ..."
"Located in a peaceful position in the heart of Winchester, within walking distance to the stations, High Street and all the attributes this desired location offers. Both Western and Westgate schools are within catchment area (both rated “good” by Ofsted). Internally the house offers ..."
"Beautiful semi-detached modern home set back from the road and occupying a corner position with a large garden and potential to extend subject to planning. The bright entrance hall guides you into the home and allows access to the stylish sitting room, designed with bespoke taste and perfect for ..."
Well-presented link-detached house close to excellent amenities and moments from The Ridge.
"Charming period terraced home found in an appealing position in Hyde in Winchester and within St Bede CE Primary School catchment. The house is also close to the railway station, Riverside Park Leisure Centre and the vibrant city centre. From the welcoming entrance on arrival you move through to..."
Final Plot Remaining - A fantastic 3 bedroom home with 2 bathrooms & 2 parking spaces. Available now.
"Fabulous two bedroom apartment with balcony off the living area, stylish accommodation, underground parking, concierge service and communal gym."
"Beautifully presented semi-detached home located within this popular development, close to the thriving city centre and countryside."
A modern two bedroom apartment located in the city centre and benefitting from allocated parking. This fantastic property makes for an ideal investment opportunity.
"This charming and unique property is nestled within a statement Grade II listed building, conveniently located at the end of Winchester High Street and opposite the beautiful Abbey Gardens. The well-proportioned rooms are arranged over three floors, providing excellent accommodation in a very f..."
DEPOSIT UNLOCK AVAILABLE ON SELECTED HOMES. Stunning family home featuring a HIGH SPECIFICATION kitchen and a spacious dining/sitting room with French doors out to the garden. Upstairs bedroom 1 benefits from an EN SUITE & FITTED WARDROBE..
"Modern end terrace house, with well-proportioned accommodation over two floors and a low maintenance garden."
Charming and characterful semi-detached house forming part of this sought after development.
Bright and airy ground floor apartment enjoying a private courtyard and additional terrace which provides immediate access to the stunning communal gardens.
"A well-presented top floor flat with two bedrooms, two bathrooms, balcony, communal gardens, lift and two dedicated parking spaces."
"Splendid three bedroom mid-terrace home, which benefits from new windows, rear doors and has been fully rewired, replastered and recently decorated. The property enjoys a generous sitting room to the rear with lovely views out to the good-sized garden and French doors opening to the decked terra..."
"A superb city centre apartment with allocated parking, lift access and a fantastic open plan Kitchen/Living space with floor to ceiling windows."
Charming and characterful three-bedroom end terrace with rear access offered with no forward chain.
"Modern home located within this popular development, offering stylish accommodation arranged over three floors."
"Located in a premier development in central Winchester, this unique apartment offers two double bedrooms, two reception rooms, two balconies and provides a very attractive and flexible layout. The property is nicely positioned within the block offering an excellent aspect across the entire apartm..."
Fox and Sons are delighted to offer to the market this delightfully presented 3 bedroom semi-detached property with well maintained rear garden and off road parking within walking distance to Winchester town centre.
"Three bedroom semi-detached house in the desirable area of Winchester boasting spacious open plan living, This home features a large kitchen diner, lounge with a brick fire place, three bedrooms, a modern shower room, garden and off road parking. A perfect home for a growing family."
"**CITY CENTRE LOCATION, NO ONWARD CHAIN** Property description Entrance Hall, Kitchen/Dining Room, Sitting Room, Principal Bedroom En-Suite, Second Bedroom, Bathroom, Private Courtyard, Allocated Parking & Communal Gardens The Property: Offered with no forward ..."
Three bedroom semi detached property located in Badger Farm. This home is well presented and offers a generous amount of space with the converted garage located immediately in front of the property creating a private front garden off from the main street. A side gate leads alongside the house to ...
"Within close proximity of Winchester Train Station and boasting three double bedrooms, this stunning second floor apartment offers a superb city centre location with all the convenience of local amenities, restaurants and bars being on your doorstep."
"Spacious (1202sq.ft) second floor apartment offering stylish, bright accommodation within a ´parkland´ setting."
Spacious semi-detached home with far reaching views and excellent accommodation arranged over two floors.
Sensational city centre living and within an easy walk to the mainline railway station and the High Street. The apartment is entered via an entrance hallway providing access to the living accommodation and benefits from a secure entry system. This two bedroom ground floor apartment has engineere...
This modern two bedroom house benefits from two allocated spaces directly in front of the property offering a very convenient set up. Internally the property provides a nicely planned kitchen with granite worksurfaces and ample storage. Towards the back of the property is the open plan lounge/d...
Ewemove - A modern terraced family home on the outskirts of Winchester offered with no forward chain.
"A well-presented terraced property within walking distance to Winchester city centre and railway station. Offering two double bedrooms, spacious living room, kitchen/breakfast room, family bathroom, enclosed rear garden, and no onward chain."
* No Forward Chain * First Floor Apartment * Sitting/Dining Room * Kitchen * Two Double Bedrooms *Bathroom * Communal Garden with Garden Shed * Allocated Parking * Close to Local Amenities *
* No Forward Chain * Three Bedrooms * Kitchen/Dining Room * Sitting Room * Family Bathroom * Garden * Home Office * Garage Nearby and Off Street Parking * Close to Local Amenities * Catchment for Kings Secondary School - Rated Outstanding by Ofsted *
* Extended Property * Four Bedrooms * Two Shower Rooms * Generous Open-Plan Sitting/Dining Room * Front and Rear Gardens * Catchment Area for Oliver's Battery Primary and Kings' Secondary Schools *
Stunning city centre apartment with beautiful views across the city within this exclusive development.
Perfectly presented ground floor apartment with sole use of the adjoining terrace garden and two allocated parking spaces directly in front of the block. The property is found in a modern development on Chilbolton Avenue in a prestigious area of Winchester. The building is approached via a level ...
"This superb example of beautifully renovated a three-bedroom, semi-detached property in a popular residential area of Winchester. This property has been lovingly modernised by the current owners, offering a spacious living area, a generous size garden with workshop and the possibility for extension."
"Fabulous two bedroom, second floor apartment, which forms part of a superb conversion within an enviable central location and within an easy walk to the mainline railway station and the High Street. The apartment is entered via an entrance hallway providing access to the living accommodation and..."
"A fantastic two double bedroom home in Winchester Village with a south westerly facing garden. Parking for two cars, home office area and the onward chain complete."
"Two bedroom mid terrace home, located a short walk from Winchester City Centre, boasting stylish presentation. "
"Stunning modern apartment built in 2018 and conveniently located in the heart of Winchester within easy reach of a range of cultural, leisure and shopping facilities, including the cathedral, shops, restaurants and the mainline railway station. This beautiful apartment boasts ample storage and we..."
"Period charm with stunning cathedral views. This superb two-bedroom semi-detached house has a garden running down to the River Itchen, together with a roof top terrace and is conveniently set within the heart of Winchester city, only a short walk from the thriving town centre and the main line ra..."
"Centrally located, modern two bedroom first floor apartment. Ideal for first time buyers and investors alike. Rarely available in such a great location."
"Exceptional ground floor apartment, set within the prestigious walled development of Marston Gate. The property is within walking distance to both Winchester city centre and the mainline railway station. Internally the apartment benefits from two large built-in storage cupboards in the entrance..."
"Wonderful two bedroom apartment situated on the basement floor of this sensational development, conveniently situated in the heart of Winchester city centre. Converted to the highest of contemporary standards, the apartment benefits from its own entrance. There is an exclusive, private lower pa..."
"Immaculate, spacious, two-bedroom end of terrace house built by CALA Homes in 2017. Set in a pleasant position on the very popular Kings Barton development just north of Winchester City Centre. The accommodation comprises an entrance hall, ground floor cloakroom, superb contemporary fitted kitche..."
"Purplebricks, Winchester, are delighted to bring to the market this superb and full of character maisonette with fabulous far reaching views across the city towards the Cathedral! The accommodation on the ground floor includes a spacious sitting room, and a well fitted and good sized dual aspect ..."
"A fantastic ground floor two double bedroom apartment in Argyll Court, St Cross. Two bathrooms, courtyard garden, allocated parking, visitors' parking."
This versatile home is ideal for a wide demographic including both families as well as investors. This property could be used as either a 3/4 bedroom family home or alternatively a 5 bedroom student accommodation. 
Striking and immaculately presented top floor apartment with private balcony and far-reaching views.
"A fantastic two bedroom first floor apartment in Elm Court, a stone's throw from Winchester City Centre. Garage, parking, communal gardens and no forward chain."
"Cathedral View is located within the historic and characterful Old Highcliffe square. The property has an abundance of charm with easy access to Chesil Street, College Street, and onwards to the High Street and the cathedral, all of which are within a few minutes walking distance. This attractiv..."
A superb ground floor city flat with parking.
"Three bedroom mid terrace home, located in Stanmore. The home is presented to a tasteful standard, offering ease to a prospective buyer."
"Immaculate apartment enjoying stunning, far-reaching views within this elevated position."
Ideal for a first time buyer or as an investment property this one bedroom first floor apartment is west facing over the residents’ landscaped garden.
"Enjoying a wonderfully idyllic riverside location, positioned towards the end of attractive residential street within easy access of the city centre and a host of amenities; this beautifully presented, two bedroom first floor apartment enjoys access to a shared riverside courtyard garden and an o..."
**No Forward Chain** ***Please click the brochure button near the bottom of the Rightmove advert or visit the Purplebricks website to book a viewing 24 hours a day*** This stylish second floor apartment is in an excellent location within walking distance of Winchester Train Station and the City...
"GUIDE PRICE £350,000 to £375,000. A 3 double bedroom house situated in the popular Badger Farm area on the south side of the city of Winchester near to local amenities and in the catchment for Kings school. Internal accommodation is well laid out and offers a 16ft 9 lounge, 12ft 6 kitchen, 3 do..."
A spacious first floor apartment with lift access.
"A wonderful ground floor apartment in this over 55s development on St Swithun Street, central Winchester. Storage, front garden, communal garden, living room and no forward chain."
"An exciting opportunity to acquire a prime plot of land with detailed planning permission for a single storey, three bedroom residential property in the rear garden of 10 Halls Farm Close."
"An attractive two bedroomed detached freehold coach house tucked away in a mews development built in 2005, located within the northern fringes of the city, close to shops, restaurants and mainline railway station. From the front door, stairs lead up to the accommodation on the first floor. Here,..."
"This terrific end of terrace property has been recently refurbished to a very high standard throughout. Offering two double bedrooms, spacious sitting room, newly fitted kitchen, bathroom, enclosed rear garden with side access, garage in block, and no onward chain."
"A wonderful one-bedroom ground floor apartment by Berkeley Homes, moments from the High Street."
"A spacious ground floor apartment within walking distance to Winchester city centre and railway station. Offering two bedrooms, open-plan kitchen and living room, ensuite and family bathroom, two allocated parking spaces, and no onward chain."
"A sizeable, attractive retirement complex within level walking distance of the city centre and with the added benefit of secure private parking. The apartment is located in a wonderful development with community at the heart. Internally the property offers comfortable accommodation in excess of 8..."
"A gorgeous one bedroom home, on the third floor of Lancelot Apartments. Greeted into the home with high ceilings and stunning herringbone flooring. Knights Quarter is located in a fantastic area of Winchester with exclusive facilities private to the residents including gym, concierge and gardens."
"A modern and bright one-bedroom third floor Berkeley Homes apartment, offering stylish city living. "
"Fox and Sons are proud to bring to the market this immaculate apartment, which is located in central Winchester. This ground floor apartment offers two bedrooms, two shower rooms, a spacious lounge with doors leading into the gardens, immaculate kitchen with window and small study/storage room."
"Freshly renovated and modernised throughout, Dybles present this two bedroom ground floor apartment, a short distance away from Winchester City Centre, offering no forward chain."
"Superb two bedroom apartment situated in the popular Winchester Village, to the south western edge of the city and built by Bovis Homes in 2015, with two allocated parking spaces. This ground floor apartment is perfectly positioned within a small block and benefits from a sunny orientation. Int..."
"Fox and Sons are delighted to bring to the market an excellent opportunity to modernise this spacious, three bedroom semi-detached house, located in the popular location of Winnall."
"*Great Investment* This fantastic four bedroom house is located just moments from Winchester town centre and Winchester school of Arts. Currently let to four students, achieving a gross annual income of £24,960. The house benefits from four good sized bedrooms, three doubles and one single,..."
"Dybles presents this versatile investment opportunity, located in Highcliffe. This two bedroom property offers no forward chain and planning permission for further extension work"
"A westerly aspect garden, garage and conservatory with this well presented bungalow. Two bedrooms, a modern bathroom and a cul-de-sac position."
"A contemporary ground floor apartment located within the desirable area of St Cross. Offering two double bedrooms, fully fitted kitchen, spacious living room with access to communal gardens, residents parking, garage in block, and no onward chain."
Superb contemporary city duplex with parking.
"There is fantastic potential within this three-bedroom terraced house located within a quiet cul-de-sac on the fringes of Winchester offered with a garage and benefitting from a South facing garden. The property is within walking distance of local shops and amenities, excellent schools and commut..."
"Two bedroom maisonette, located a stones throw away from Winchester City Centre, available for over 55's only."
"Featuring an OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/sitting room with French doors to a private BALCONY, EN SUITE and fitted wardrobes to bedroom one. Complete with ALLOCATED PARKING. Walking distance to city centre."
"Beautiful Communal Garden Views, Two Bedrooms, Allocated Parking & Visitors' Parking. First Floor, Kings' School Catchment & a St Cross Location."
"Stanford Estate Agents are pleased to offer this immaculately presented, two double bedroom, ground floor apartment with allocated parking. Situated a stones throw away from Winchester Hospital and the City centre this property makes an ideal first time buy or investment. "
"A fantastic two double bedroom apartment with attractive views, a car port and no forward chain. Two bathrooms and very well presented throughout. Potential Rental circa £1,350 pcm."
"NEW RELEASE. Spacious ground floor apartment featuring an OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/sitting room with French doors to a private TERRACE, EN SUITE and fitted wardrobes to bedroom one..."
"No Chain - A westerly aspect garden with this two bedroom house in Badger Farm. Garage, new kitchen and a quiet cul-de-sac location. Potential Rental circa £1,000 - £1,100 pcm."
"Located in the heart of the city centre and affording excellent proximity to both the main line station and the bustling high street, this two-bedroom, first-floor city apartment comes with the additional benefit of a private garden. The apartment boasts an open-plan kitchen/sitting/dining room w..."
"Penthouse apartment in a city centre location. The property is conveniently situated for ease of access to the mainline railway station and Winchester’s amenities. Set across the top floor, the property comprises an open plan sitting / dining / kitchen area, which includes an oven, hob, ext..."
A fantastic opportunity to acquire a two-bedroom bungalow in the heart of one Winchester's popular suburbs. Presented to a good standard the bungalow offers communal parking toward the front of the home and small steps that lead to the private front door. Entering into the home you are greeted by...
**Opposite Winchester Train Station** **One/Two Bedroom Modern Apartment** ***Please click the brochure button near the bottom of the Rightmove advert or visit the Purplebricks website to book a viewing 24 hours a day*** This is a stunning modern spacious apartment situated in a popular locati...
"Share of Freehold, two-bedroom, ground floor apartment, located in Winchester City Centre. This home offers the fantastic benefit of being set back from the road with access through private gardens along with a private rear garden of its own, all whilst still being a short walk away to the city's..."
"Traditionally designed development of just ten homes located in the heart of historic Winchester, with the main line train station within easy reach and the vibrant city centre just a stone’s throw away. This first floor two bedroom apartment benefits from open plan living areas and a high ..."
"A terrific ground floor apartment within close walking distance to both Winchester city centre and railway station. Offering two bedrooms, ensuite, further family bathroom, open-plan living area, and two allocated parking spaces."
Spacious one bedroom third floor apartment located in the heart of Winchester city centre and within a short walk of the mainline railway station. The apartment provides a wonderful opportunity to experience high class living in an historic city and has been converted to the highest of contempo...
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £296,250 with a 75% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst r..."
"A wonderful top floor apartment in Ashbourne Court benefiting from an allocated parking space. Two bedrooms, two bathrooms and no onward chain."
"A light and airy city centre home offered with no forward chain, benefiting from allocated parking."
"Perfectly positioned within the heart of the city in a quiet location, with allocated parking and offered with no forward chain."
"Two bedroom maisonette, located in Teg Down."
"A stylish city centre apartment close to Winchester Train Station. Two bedrooms, two bathrooms and no onward chain."
A bright and airy two-bedroom home located within Fulflood.
"Two bedroom apartment, located a short distance from Winchester City Centre. The property is presented to a tasteful standard and boasts both parking as well as a balcony space."
"A terrific mid-terrace house with spectacular far-reaching views of the countryside. Offering two double bedrooms, spacious living room, kitchen/dining room, utility and pantry, family bathroom, enclosed rear garden with store, plenty of scope to modernise, and no onward chain!"
"INVESTORS ONLY Immaculate one bedroom lower ground floor apartment situated within a fine Grade II listed building. Nestled in one of Winchester's best city centre streets, this fabulous apartment is perfectly placed for you to enjoy life in England's ancient capital city. Mixing modern sty..."
"Spacious one bedroom maisonette, located within close proximity to Winchester City Centre."
"Offering specular far reaching views and character features throughout, this duplex would work well for both residential and investment buyers alike. Offering bedroom with skylight balcony, bright living room, family bathroom, kitchen, and ample storage throughout."
Ground floor maisonette requiring upgrading and improvement.
"Two bedroom first floor apartment for sale with no onward chain. This modern apartment is situated at the front of the building giving it ample amount of natural light and stunning views. The estate includes a secure, gated parking. The local area is on high demand with it being walkin..."
"Must be viewed! A contemporary two bedroom apartment in Fraser Gardens, off Chibolton Avenue, Winchester. Secure gated parking and no forward chain."
Ewemove - A fantastic 2 bedroom duplex apartment in the heart of the city centre.
"A modern one-bedroom apartment within a gated development, quietly situated to the rear of the building, with secure enclosed allocated parking, and offered with no forward chain."
Bright and airy apartment with private balcony. 
"Immaculately presented, this one bedroom top floor apartment is within walking distance to the hospital, train station and city centre. It is light and airy throughout. The welcoming entrance hall has good storage and leads into the generously sized open plan kitchen/living room with a higher cei..."
"Two bedroom maisonette, located within walking distance to Winchester City Centre. This spacious apartment benefits off road parking as well as no forward chain."
"An opportunity to acquire a spacious second floor apartment, which forms part of a purpose-built block of apartments, whilst being conveniently situated just off the St Cross Road on the south side of the city and a short distance from the mainline railway station and High Street. The well-prop..."
"One bedroom ground floor apartment, located on the outskirts of Winchester City Centre. This home is being offered with no forward chain, idealistic for a quick transaction."
" Set in an exclusive and modern development on the eastern fringe of Winchester city centre, just a short distance from the bustling city centre and St Giles Hill which offers panoramic views of the city. Pipe Kiln Court is a superb mix of traditional and highly contemporary architecture des..."
"NEW RELEASE. Spacious ground floor apartment featuring an OPEN PLAN kitchen/dining/sitting room with French doors to a private TERRACE, FITTED WARDROBE to bedroom..."
"A terrific city centre apartment with magnificent views of Winchester Cathedral. Offering living room, kitchen, double bedroom, bathroom, two balconies, store room, and access to allocated parking space*. NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"Well proportioned, two bedroomed ground floor maisonette is being sold with no onward chain and vacant possession. The property comprises of two bedrooms which are doubles, large lounge/dining room, the kitchen is fitted which overlooks the rear garden and a family bathroom which is a..."
Spacious two-bedroom apartment with wonderful far-reaching views.
"Two bedroom park home in the desirable location of Wykeham Park, just a 10 minute drive into the historic town of Winchester. The property features: two bedrooms, Kitchen/diner, shower room, en-suite to master and new conservatory.The property has got ample parking and enclosed rear garden."
"Terrifically located within the highly desirable area of St Cross, this second floor apartment would suit both residential and investment buyers alike. Offering two bedrooms, spacious living room, kitchen, bathroom, garage in block, and no onward chain."
"A terrific city centre apartment within close walking distance to Winchester railway station. Offering bright open-plan kitchen/living room, double bedroom with fitted storage and modern bathroom."
"High Yield Investment Opportunity within Balfour House - unique, premium student accommodation. Balfour House comprises 22 high quality apartments, to provide students with absolutely everything needed. Completed and let in the summer of 2014, these exceptional apartments are very popular with s..."
"Spacious one double bedroom first floor apartment built by Linden Homes in 2009 to a high standard; it is one of the largest one bedroom apartments, with a square footage of 589. Located just off Andover Road, it is within a pleasant walk to the railway station and city centre. The apartment, whi..."
"Excellent Investment Opportunity, a unique, premium student accommodation close to central Winchester. The property is nicely positioned within Balfour House, comprising high quality apartments, to provide students with absolutely everything they would need and offers safe living. This two bedroo..."
"A contemporary ground floor apartment within walking distance to Winchester city centre and railway station. Offering one double bedroom, spacious living area, bespoke kitchen with quartz worktop and integrated appliances, modern shower room with under floor heating, and no onward chain."
"INVESTORS ONLY: CURRENTLY LET UNTIL 14/10/2023 AT £1,000 PCM Capitol House is a stunning conversion of a contemporary office building by renowned local developers Aquitaine Developments. Without compromise, Aquitaine Developments have produced an apartment building far above the avera..."
"Connells offer to the market this wonderfully spacious one bedroom, ground floor flat enhanced with a private balcony and no onward chain. Conveniently, the heart of Winchester is right on your doorstep. Available at 100% Shared Ownership."
"Superbly positioned one-bedroom, first-floor apartment situated in the centre of Winchester and ideal for any first-time buyer or investor. This splendid period conversion is well presented throughout with light and airy accommodation comprising a large living room to the front of the property, s..."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £221,250 with a 75% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst r..."
"This two bedroom upper floor maisonette is being sold with no onward chain in a sought after location of Winchester. The property consists of a large lounge/dining room, two double bedrooms, fully fitted kitchen that leads onto a balcony, family bathroom and plenty of storage cupboards. The added..."
"Photos coming soon...
A lovely, recently decorated one bedroom apartment in the heart of Winchester.
Close to train station, Shops, Coffee Shops and city centre.
A first floor flat with plenty of storage space. Spacious 473 square feet of living space. The property is ideally located.
Comprises o..."
"No Chain - A smart city centre one double bedroom apartment close to Winchester High Street. New boiler, double glazed windows and a potential rental of circa £950 pcm."
"We are delighted to offer to the market this well-positioned ground floor apartment, benefitting from its own private rear garden."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £202,500 with a 50% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst r..."
"An excellent first-floor, one-bedroom apartment for the over 55s, set in a wonderful location backing onto the River Itchen and moments from the town centre and cathedral. Internally there is a beautifully presented sitting room with direct access to the balcony which boasts simply stunning view..."
* In Need of Modernisation * Two Bedrooms * One Reception Room * Kitchen * Bathroom * Balcony * Garage in Nearby Block * Close to Local Amenities * Catchment for Oliver's Battery Primary and Kings' Secondary Schools *
Centrally located one-bedroom ground floor apartment benefitting from a private parking space and gas central heating.
One bedroom apartment located in Winchester City Centre. 
"***Calling Investors*** Ground floor apartment that comprises of a large reception room, fully fitted kitchen & bathroom and a double bedroom. There's an added bonus included with the property which is an allocated parking space which is perfect for the City centre. Lo..."
"A spacious over 55's property located within close proximity to the historical city centre of Winchester and the railway station. Offering two bedrooms, kitchen, bright living room, bathroom, plenty of storage, lift access, and no onward chain."
"One bedroom maisonette, located in Stanmore."
"One bedroom top floor apartment in the sought after area of Badger Farm, Winchester. This apartment comprises of a fitted kitchen, a lounge with a door leading to the balcony, spacious double bedroom with a large built in wardrobe and a bathroom. Double glazing throughout."
No Chain - a bright first floor maisonette with a garden and a private entrance.
Fully refurbished one bedroom retirement home in the heart of the historic city centre of Winchester.
"Minutes away from Winchester city centre and Cathedral, this bright over 55's apartment has been very well-maintained and has pretty riverside views. Offering double bedroom, spacious living room with electric fireplace, kitchen, bathroom, and a peaceful private balcony. No onward chain."
"This a lovely example of a two-bedroom apartment in a very popular area of Winchester, close to the university, town centre and the train station. No chain and an ideal investment opportunity. Modern kitchen, brand new boiler, two parking spaces and spacious living space."
"Dybles presents this spacious studio apartment, located in Winchester City Centre. the apartment has been modernised throughout, offering no forward chain."
"An opportunity to acquire a spacious second floor apartment, which forms part of a purpose-built block of apartments, whilst being conveniently situated just off the St Cross Road on the south side of the city and a short distance from the mainline railway station and High Street. The well-propor..."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £151,250 with a 50% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst r..."
First floor studio flat in Winchester city centre being offered with tenant in situ.
"Terrifically located in the heart of Winchester and within close walking distance to the railway station, this bright studio apartment has been recently redecorated and is offered to the market with no onward chain."
** NO ONWARD CHAIN ** GROUND FLOOR FLAT ** PRICED TO SELL ** MODERN KITCHEN ** 0.2 MILES FROM THE TRAIN STATION ** CENTRAL LOCATION **
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £125,000 with a 40% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst r..."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £120,000 with a 30% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst r..."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £119,000 with a 40% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst r..."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £118,500 with a 30% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst r..."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £117,000 with a 40% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst r..."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £116,000 with a 40% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst r..."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £115,500 with a 30% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst r..."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £115,000 with a 40% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst r..."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £114,000 with a 40% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst r..."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £114,000 with a 30% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst r..."
"FOR SALE BY PUBLIC AUCTION ON WEDNESDAY 12TH APRIL 2023 AT THE AGEAS BOWL, BOTLEY ROAD, WEST END, SOUTHAMPTON, SO30 3XH STARTING AT 11AM. A ground floor apartment located on the outskirts of Winchester. Offering double bedroom, spacious living room with access to private patio, kitchen with break..."
"Connells offer to the market this wonderfully spacious one bedroom, ground floor flat enhanced with a private balcony and no onward chain. Conveniently, the heart of Winchester is right on your doorstep. Available at 50% Shared Ownership."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £98,750 with a 25% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst re..."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £96,250 with a 25% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst re..."
"FOR SALE BY PUBLIC AUCTION ON WEDNESDAY 12TH APRIL 2023 AT THE AGEAS BOWL, BOTLEY ROAD, WEST END, SOUTHAMPTON, SO30 3XH STARTING AT 11AM. Terrifically located a short distance away from both the city centre and railway station, this Over 55's property offers the benefit of independent living whil..."
"A lovely, recently refurbished one bedroom first floor retirement home for the over 55s, in central Winchester overlooking St Giles Hill. Homerise House is a much sought after retirement home, with lift access to all floors. However, part of the joy of this property is the location - set in Hyde..."
* Offered with No Forward Chain * Suitable for the Over 55's * Communal Lounge and Kitchen Area * One Bedroom Top Floor Apartment * Served by a Lift * Fitted Kitchen with Free-Standing Appliances * Sitting Room * Double Bedroom with Built-In Wardrobe * Shower Room * Short Walk to the Mainline Tra...
"30% Shared Ownership. Spacious one bedroom maisonette, located within close proximity to Winchester City Centre."
"**SHARED OWNERSHIP HOME - BASED ON A 25% SHARE** Call Charters for more details! Plot 580 is a spacious second floor apartment with a Juliet balcony. The apartment benefits from a dual aspect, open-plan kitchen/living/dining room with a fitted kitchen and French doors to the Juliet ba..."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £75,625 with a 25% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst re..."
"Shared Ownership This brand new home is available to buy from as little as £71,250 with a 25% share! Fellowes Rise is a brand new collection of shared ownership apartments and houses located in the heart of Winchester. Enjoy city life in Winchester whilst re..."
"**SHARED OWNERSHIP HOME - BASED ON A 25% SHARE** Call Charters for more details, you are able to initially buy up to 75% of this property. Plot 573 is a spacious one bedroom ground floor apartment with a Juliet balcony. The apartment benefits from a dual aspect, open-plan kitchen/livi..."
"Single lock up garage for sale in the very quiet May Tree Close, in Badger Farm. The door has been replaced in the last three years. Secure and weather proof - immediately available for storage. Dimensions below; H - 190cm (up to door when fully open)
L - 485cm
W - 235cm"
"Single garage for sale - conveniently located in May Tree Close, Badger Farm.
Up and over door. Weatherproof and secure - Suitable for vehicle storage or storage of other items.
2.0 miles to Royal Hampshire County Hospital and University of Winchester.
2.7 miles to train station
0.9 miles to city..."
