Summary
"Still with overs 9 years NHBC remaining, this home has come to the market as our clients are looking to relocate and is being offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"Coming soon.... Elegant Georgian grandeur in Worcester's premier address. Handsome Grade II Listed detached house coming onto the market for the first time in 36 years - an opportunity not to be missed.
"
"Grange House is a rare and individual property, set in private gardens of 1.53 acres, on the outskirts of the village of Rushwick, Worcestershire. The property has split level accommodation and extends to almost 3000 Sq Ft, (3422 Sq Ft including garage and workshop), offering flexible and spaciou..."
"A handsome and spacious Edwardian family house in a convenient location close to Waitrose, with easy access to the town centre and Motorway network. Cromwell Crescent is situated in the South East of Worcester in a convenient location close to Waitrose and only 1 mile from the city centre. Redg..."
"A handsome Grade II Listed, end-terrace house with a west facing garden on a desirable square in the heart of Worcester. On the favoured west side of Worcester's most desirable Regency square. With attractive west facing garden and views over Worcester Racecourse. 33 Britannia Square is an att..."
"1, Britannia Square is a magnificent, un-spoilt Grade II Listed Georgian Townhouse that has not been on the market in circa 60 years. Situated on one of Worcester City's most prestigious squares, it is a fine example of exemplary architecture and design. Britannia Square has an air of peace and t..."
"An elegant much-loved family home. In a quiet location off the London Road, with fast access to the motorway network and Parkway Station. Garicoits House has a wealth of accommodation (5087 sq ft), over four floors"
"Located in a convenient and quiet position within the city of Worcester, Garicoits House is a handsome Victorian home of superb proportions"
"A very rare opportunity to acquire a particularly spacious (over 3000 sq. feet of living accommodation) four bedroom semi detached period family home, offered along with a generous one bedroom Annexe with gardens to the front and rear, driveway with parking for several cars and a spacious garage,..."
"Approached via double electronic gates onto a long gated driveway, Newlands Bungalow is a unique and very appealing collection of property set in around 1.25 acres. Located on the outskirts of Worcester and lying a very short driving distance from the popular St Johns district of the City which p..."
"An elegant semi-detached five bedroom Regency villa in desirable Britannia Square. Parian House is a semi-detached Grade II listed Regency villa, which has been updated and re-configured and now offers exquisitely presented and flexible accommodation. The attractive front elevation of the villa ..."
"**A SUBSTANTIAL DETACHED FIVE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME** This beautiful, family home, is located in a rural setting overlooking countryside to the Malvern Hills with excellent links to the motorway, Worcester Parkways train station and Worcester City Centre. The area is well served with an excellent s..."
"A rarefied opportunity to acquire a Grade II Listed property with flexible accommodation, double garage, parking to the front and views over the Racecourse."
"This is an extraordinary opportunity to invest in a row of studio flats with a three-bedroom house, large gardens, garage and outbuilding with plenty of parking and fabulous views. You will get a considerable annual return on your investment. House
This property is entered via a privacy glazed p..."
Stunning Grade II Listed Georgian semi-detached property with well laid out accommodation including 4 double bedrooms and 3 bathrooms in sought-after location
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a truly stunning six bedroom detached town house situated within the highly desirable area of St Johns. Set over four storeys the property offers gorgeous views of the River Severn, allowing mooring & fishing rights with exclusive use of the harbour. The ..."
"An imposing and much-loved period, Grade II, double fronted Georgian home occupying a main road position with fast access to the motorway network and Parkway Station"
"A superb modern townhouse in a magnificent, elevated position overlooking the River Severn and Worcester racecourse with electric gated entrance, separate studio and double garage."
"SHOW HOME NOW OPEN - 7 DAYS A WEEK - 10AM TO 5PM Part exchange available *subject to T&C's This exclusive development by Hayfield, 'What House, House Builder of the Year 2021' offers fantastic modern living, in a Zero Carbon ready home!"
"A stunning and very deceptive family home tucked away in a very peaceful spot in WR3. Close to excellent schools and all amenities. Fully renovated over the last couple of years, bringing this hidden gem back to life. Versatile living space which is very light. Four double bedro..."
"A wonderful opportunity to acquire a spacious and flexible five bedroom detached Georgian family home, situated within the sought after area of St. John's offering excellent local amenities within easy reach of Worcester City and major transport links. Local schooling is available along with eas..."
An imposing Grade II listed country residence encompassed within 2 acres of gardens and grounds located just 3 miles away from Worcester City Centre. Whittington Grange is a stunning period residence which has been meticulously refurbished throughout whilst retaining all its charm and original f...
"Vantage Point - A magnificent contemporary detached house offering ample accommodation benefiting from access to the River Severn and located within walking distance of Worcester City Centre. The car deck is private, with remote-controlled gates, and is situated under the main house and over the..."
"SHOW HOME NOW OPEN - CALL US TO BOOK YOUR APPOINTMENT Part exchange available *subject to T&C's This exclusive development by Hayfield, 'What House, House Builder of the Year 2021' offers fantastic modern living, in a Zero Carbon ready home!"
"*** ONLY TWO REMAINING IN THIS SELECT DEVELOPMENT *** A brand new detached Executive family home by CDC Bespoke Properties Ltd., offered with a 10 year build warranty by Advantage and offering spacious and well appointed internal accommodation. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance ..."
"An immaculately presented newly built detached bungalow finished to a high standard, providing flexible living in the heart of the village of Fernhill Heath. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, large open-plan Kitchen/Dining/Sitting Area with vaulted ceiling and bi-fold door..."
"Located in a sought after location this property offers ample opportunities to adapt and maximise the space with an existing extension to the side currently set up as a one bedroom annex,however it can be combined into the main living accommodation should you desire (STP)."
"Proudly presented by Move Estate Agents; A beautifully presented spacious bay front four-bedroom detached family home situated at the end of a private drive with enviable rural views to the front and side of the property. Boasting a host of traditional looking features, this 3 year old propert..."
Call now now to arrange a viewing on this beautifully presented & thoughtfully designed detached family home in the popular & convenient village of Hallow.
"A fine example of a part Victorian/part Georgian Grade II Listed period family home, situated within walking distance of Worcester City centre, offering 5 bedrooms and 4 reception rooms. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, Sitting Room, Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Breakfas..."
"A brand new detached Executive family home by CDC Bespoke Properties Ltd., offered with a 10 year build warranty by Advantage and offering spacious and well appointed internal accommodation. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, downstairs Cloakroom, Study, Dining Room, Living..."
Handsome Grade II listed period property situated in a prime location within walking distance of Worcester City Centre
"A beautiful example of Georgian architecture with a wealth of period features together with spacious and flexible reception rooms, situated within walking distance of Worcester City. Accommodation comprising: Entrance Porch, Drawing Room with open fireplace, Sitting Room with further Re..."
"The exquisite Grade II Listed Gatehouse is a truly exceptional property, with the luxury of a lower ground floor wine cellar and cinema room. The ground floor kitchen opens onto a generous terrace and there is a separate formal dining room and lounge with feature fireplace. "
"A brand new executive style property situated on the popular Malvern Road, offering good size accommodation with impressive living space, four bedrooms and two en-suite shower rooms. Call now to arrange a viewing."
A rare opportunity to purchase a stylish Grade II listed town house within walking distance of Worcester City Centre.
"A spacious and well proportioned family home, offering easy access to local schooling and transport links and within walking distance to Battenhall Park and local supermarkets. The property offers flexible and well planned accommodation, together with ample off road parking and garaging. <..."
"Homes like this are exceedingly rare to market, with this property being the first to be sold down this exclusive private road in many years. Situated in an elevated position, overlooking Worcester towards the Malvern Hills, this extensive family home offers ample space for any growing family. "
"A fine opportunity to purchase a freehold investment building of mixed use that is let with a current rental income of £81,210PA, nestled in a prime rental location on the fringes of the City Centre."
***STAMP DUTY PAID*** STUNNING Show Home Available to View Call us to book your appointment Our Marketing Suite Showcases our Scaled Model of the development with touch screen Interactive Visuals demonstrating internal Floor Plans and detailed specification of all our Homes.
"Offered with no chain, the property briefly comprises; An enclosed entrance hall with fitted storage for boots, bags, coats, etc. a versatile reception space, currently used as a dining area with a front aspect window, a spacious lounge with dual aspect windows to the front and French doors to th..."
"Detached family home in the popular village of Hallow. Entrance hall with fitted cloakroom off; impressive dining kitchen; laundry room; lounge; dining/sitting room; and study. Four bedrooms; two en-suite; and family bathroom. Detached double garage, drive and landscaped garden."
"A very rare opportunity to acquire a particularly spacious detached family home enjoying a most generous plot of approximately of just under half an acre and offering huge potential, situated in the sought after Bevere area of Worcester. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, S..."
"***WOW - CHECK OUT THIS STUNNING FAMILY HOME IN CALLOW END*** Leaders are proud to present to market with NO ONWARD CHAIN this unique grade II listed five bedroom detached family home situated in the popular village location of Callow End, Worcester. Once part of the histor..."
"Blending timeless Arts and Crafts touches with the finest of modern family living, The Richmond is a home that is as beautiful as it is practical. This four bedroom home, set over 2030 square feet, offers a fantastic quality of life that exceeds the very highest standards. The capaciou..."
"STUNNING SHOW HOME OPEN - CALL US TO BOOK YOUR APPOINTMENT This exclusive development by Hayfield, 'What House, House Builder of the Year 2021' offers fantastic modern living, in a Zero Carbon ready home!"
"With its sleek lines and elegant design, but with space and functionality at the fore, the well-appointed Hampstead is a house any family would be proud to call home. The stunning frontage is what impresses first with the Hampstead, and the versatility continues inside, with a good-siz..."
"A much improved and extended four bedroom detached 17th Century period family home, located within the heart of the popular village of Powick. The property offers a sympathetic blend of period charm and modern convenience, with additional development potential via a detached Coach House. 'Pool ..."
"***NEW RELEASE*** STUNNING SHOW HOME OPEN CALL US TODAY TO BOOK YOUR APPOINTMENT! This exclusive development by Hayfield, 'What House, House Builder of the Year 2021' offers fantastic modern living, in a Zero Carbon ready home!"
Executive new build home in exclusive development of 6 homes in the heart of this popular location in circa 2000sq.ft
"***INVESTMENT PROPERTY*** Proudly presented to you by Move Sales & Lettings; Wall House & Gate House are a pair of FIVE-bedroom, TWO-bathroom HMOs situated in the heart of Worcester City Centre. The properties are accessed from The Butts via a security pedestrian gate operated for the phon..."
"A wonderful opportunity to acquire a deceptively spacious three double bedroom detached Bungalow, situated in this sought after area, offering excellent local amenities and transport links, local schooling and easy access to RGS and Kings, within Worcester City. Accommodation briefly com..."
"A well presented five bedroom detached family home built by a local builder, affectionately known as the 'Butterfly House' due to its design, situated within this sought after village of Hallow, offering local amenities, schooling and easy access into Worcester City and major transport links."
Philip Laney & Jolly Worcester offer to the market a wonderful traditional and extended family home situated in a desirable location South of the City centre convenient to all local amenities and within catchment to local reputable schooling. This substantial family home has been well maintained ...
Exceptional Four Bedroom Detached Dormer Bungalow boasting an impressive 1794 sq. ft. which must be seen to be fully appreciated. On entering the property you will be greeted with a spacious hallway with gallery landing. To the first floor there is a large and modern kitchen/diner whic...
"Philip Laney & Jolly Worcester are delighted to promote the ""Anchorage"" a well appointed four bedroom detached bungalow occupying a most generous plot with well maintained gardens that surround this versatile property with the benefit of ample parking and a double garage. The property has bee..."
One of the coolest (and warmest) ECO style homes the City has to offer with jaw dropping views toward the Cathedral previously enjoyed by the local Bishop. On the open market for the first time - Welcome to City Vista
"No. 28 is an amazing, city apartment. Quietly located with stylish living, private terrace, open plan living area and fantastic kitchen, double bedroom, tall ceilings, two further rooms in the tower, ..."
*The property benefits from a large annex* A stunning double fronted five bedroom detached family home situated within the highly desirable area of Northwick. The property boasts a wealth of period features throughout and has been finished to a high standard. The property briefly c...
A traditional family home situated within a convenient and desirable residential area. 3 Hallow Road is approached via a wrought iron pedestrian gate leading onto the front lawned garden. The fore garden is incredibly private and well-screened from the road by mature hedgerows to the front. The ...
"Ground Floor Shop With A 4 Bed Flat Above + 3 Individual One Bed flats . Total Rental Income £37,620 p.a."
DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM home with OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/LIVING AREA and a SEPARATE LOUNGE. Also boasts a SEPARATE UTILITY and an EN-SUITE to the master bedroom.
"A completely renovated, detached 3 bedroom house with large gardens and private parking."
"** A Rated EPC ** Renewable Energy ** Underfloor Heating ** Air Source Heat Pump This exclusive development by Hayfield, 'What House, House Builder of the Year 2021' offers fantastic modern living, in a Zero Carbon ready home!"
"Take the time to appreciate this fabulous & well presented detached family home. Situated in the popular village of Fernhill Heath & offering accommodation including 4 bedrooms, 2 en-suites, 2 reception rooms, study, utility and conservatory - further benefits include a detached double garage."
"A spacious four bedroom detached family home, located in the sought after Battenhall area of Worcester and enjoying a delightful outlook towards the Malvern Hills. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, downstairs Cloakroom, open-plan accommodation to include Living Room and Di..."
"A fabulous opportunity to acquire a 2/3 bedroom detached period property, situated within easy reach of Worcester City in this sought after area, benefiting from a generous sized garden. Accommodation briefly comprises: Porch and Hallway, large Sitting Room, Dining Room/potential downst..."
"Built by the award winning Hayfield Homes, this beautiful home is located in the popular village of Hallow where a popular public house, church and highly reputable primary school lies along with a village shop and other amenities and clubs for the whole community."
"Detached family home set over three floors with a corner plot position on this popular estate. The home is positioned on the edge of this development built by Bellway Homes in 2017/2018. The property has NHBC guarantee remaining. In brief the property comprises; entrance hall, sitting ..."
"The property comprises of entrance hall, large lounge with feature bay window overlooking the front garden, double doors leading into the dining room from the lounge, open-plan kitchen / diner fitted with granite worktops, gas hob and double oven, utility room with door into the garage, separate ..."
"Situated in the leafy suburb of Battenhall, this spacious home has been much loved by the same family for many years, but is now ready for a new family to make it their own. The home has been extended over time, offering an ideal amount of space for families of all sizes, and features stunning vi..."
"House to sell? Then you could move with Part Exchange
We know that buying and selling isn’t easy, but we are here to change that. We can save you tim"
"An incredibly rare opportunity to move to the prestigious Fountain Place! Fountain Place is a perfectly tucked away gem within the WR1 postcode. The property itself has been generously extended, and now is ready for a new family, as it is being sold with no onward chain. The property ..."
"An Interesting And Historic Semi-Detached Half Timbered House Of Character Enjoying A Fine Rural Setting With Wonderful Views Across Countryside To The Malvern Hills And Offering Spacious Three Bedroomed Accommodation With Hall, Drawing Room, Study, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Utility Room, Dressing ..."
"Spacious and well presented property, situated along a quiet no through lane within the popular village of Fernhill Heath with excellent local amenities and transport links. Accommodation briefly comprises: Hall, Cloakroom, open-plan Living Room/Dining Room, Kitchen, Master Bedroom with..."
Bespoke development of 6 x Executive NEW BUILDS nr. completion by local developer Premier Building Ventures
Executive new build 3/4 Bedroom home in exclusive development of 6 homes in the heart of this popular location in circa 1700SQ.FT
"A Chalet style home with flexible accommodation totalling approximately 2430 sq feet. Situated in the popular Fernhill Heath area with two Public Houses, Recreational Park, popular 1st School, Convenience Stores and Post Office. giving easy access to both Worcester, Droitwich and motorway links.<..."
"This unique two bedroom apartment features an impressive open plan kitchen/dining area, ideal for entertaining, and a separate lounge with views towards the refurbished Stables. "
"A deceptively spacious and very well maintained four bedroom detached family home, situated in the popular area of Norton. The property benefits from wonderful views overlooking countryside to the rear. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, downstairs Cloakroom, Sitting Room,..."
"Hollywell Homes are delighted to offer for sale this beautifully presented four bedroom property in the ideal and sought after location, Fernhill Heath. This property is beautifully presented throughout and comes with spacious and light rooms which really need to be seen to be appreciat..."
"A well presented and deceptively spacious five bedroom semi detached period property, situated within the sought after area of Battenhall, offering excellent local schooling, amenities, easy access into Worcester City and major transport links. Accommodation comprising: Entrance Hall, S..."
"Proudly presented to you by Move Sales & Lettings; A beautifully presented four-bedroom detached family home situated in the popular Fernhill Heath area of Worcester. The accommodation comprises of an initial entrance hallway with stairs rising to the first-floor accommodation, downstairs cloa..."
"Renovated to a truly immaculate standard throughout, this property is a hidden gem in the ever popular location of Barbourne, with superb views over Gheluvelt Park, and within walking distance to a range of amenities. On the ground floor the accommodation briefly comprises; spacious e..."
"A superb family home situated within an established residential area close to Worcester City centre. Gable End is approached by a sizable block paved hardstanding. There is dwarf brick walling to the edges of the driveway featuring raised beds of mature planting, trees and shrubbery providing a ..."
"Boasting ample living and entertaining space, this home has been generously extended during the current families time here. Arranged over three spacious floors, with off road parking to the front and a well-sized south facing garden to the rear, homes don't get more family friendly than this. "
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire this newly extended and previously renovated detached property situated in the sought after area of Beaconhill. A short distance from the popular village of Hallow where you will find extensive amenities including a popular pub, village shop and tennis club. Wit..."
Our clients were drawn to this property due to the size and during their time at the property they have done nothing but enhance their home through multiple upgrades and cosmetic improvements.
"This Kingham 4 bed detached home located on private drive is perfect for growing families. Let us help you move with up to £23,500 of incentives to use your way.*"
"Immaculate and elegant first floor pre-owned apartment with lift access, boasting fabulous west-facing views over the Italianate landscaped gardens and offering easy access to the formal gardens and the facilities"
"*UNEXPECTEDLY BACK ON THE MARKET* Fantastic oppotunity to buy 4 bedroom detached bungalow with 2 bedroom annex and very large private garden with views of Malvern Hills. The property briefly comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, 4 bedrooms with a further two in the annex al..."
This Kingham 4 bed detached home designed with family in mind
"A well-presented four bedroom detached home with a one bedroom annexe offering both spacious and versatile living accommodation, generous sized rear garden and driveway offering ample off road parking situated within the popular residential area of Berkeley Heywood. NO ONWARD CHAIN!"
"This charming cottage, is hidden away off Bransford Road having a boundary of trees keeping the plot private and secluded. The property is offered with no chain and provides parking for multiple vehicles whilst having ample possibility to create more with gardens surrounding it."
"An immaculately presented, three bedroom detached bungalow situated within the highly desirable area of Bevere and nestled on a quiet cul-de-sac location. The property which is close to a range of local amenities, briefly comprises; Entrance Hall, Sitting/Dining Room, Kitchen, Conservatory, W/..."
"Finished to a high standard, with local schooling nearby in Whittington Primary School and Nunnery Wood High School, Romney Way is perfect for any growing family! The property briefly comprises; open-plan kitchen-dining-family room, downstairs cloakroom and internal access into a singl..."
"The Property Centre are proud to present this five bedroom detached HMO in Warndon Villages with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Buyers will find entrance hall, kitchen, living room, one bedroom, utility room, conservatory and downstairs W.C. on the ground floor. On the first floor you will find a gal..."
"The property has hall, sitting room, dining room, kitchen, utility and downstairs cloakroom. There are four bedrooms, en-suite and family bathroom. There are gardens to the front and rear, summer house, garage and off road parking. The property benefits from gas fired central heating."
All Flooring and Carpets Included Throughout Stylish Light Fittings Included Overlooking Open Green Space A RATED EPC Come and see us this weekend for a Coffee and a viewing of this beautiful DETACHED BUNGALOW. Call Connells to book for viewing.
"FANTASTIC INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. This property is perfect for an investment, and is located in the popular area of St Johns."
"This beautifully appointed David Wilson home located on the fringes of a small development built in 2014 adjacent to the nature reserve, with good access to the M5 motorway and Worcestershire Royal Hospital. The house comprises of; entrance hall, living , kitchen/dining room, utility, study an..."
(OPEN DAY - SATURDAY 28 JANUARY 2023) Please book a viewing to secure a time. This beautifully presented 4-bedroom detached home is situated in the sought-after location of Bevere. Upstairs boasts three spacious bedrooms and a fourth bedroom that can also be used as a study.  ...
"**AN ABSOLUTE MUST VIEW** A stunning 3 bedroom character property, being part of a former ""Victorian"" stable block , having been refurbished and beautifully appointed to a very high standard throughout.
There is so much to love about this property as the present vendors have created a wonderful l..."
A delightful 1920’s four-bedroom semi-detached cottage that has been sympathetically renovated whilst keeping the traditional features. Located in the popular Worcestershire village of Hallow.
"A beautifully presented modern four bedroom detached family home, situated within easy reach of Worcester City centre and motorway links, as well as being ideally placed for the Worcestershire Parkway Railway Station. Accommodation briefly comprises: Open-plan Sitting Room/Kitchen/Dinin..."
CHAIN FREE - If you are looking for a large family home in a desirable location within walking distance to many local amenities then look no further...... 8 Brecknock Close is and has all of the above so come and take a look!
"Don't miss our SHOWHOME FOR SALE, with an upgraded kitchen including QUARTZ WORKTOPS and BOSCH APPLIANCES, flooring fitted throughout, as well as landscaped SOUTH FACING GARDEN"
"The Corfe is a modern five-bedroom detached family home. There’s a stylish open-plan kitchen/family room, a well-proportioned living room, a separate dining room, a downstairs WC and a handy utility. Upstairs there are five bedrooms - bedroom one with an en suite - and a large family-sized bathroom."
"**AN ABSOLUTE MUST VIEW** A beautifully appointed and particularly spacious recently built 3 double bedroom detached family house with superb interiors and numerous upgrades, being located on a small and exclusive development on the edge of the sought after village of Fernhill Heath which has ex..."
"A fantastic four bedroom detached property offering spacious accommodation within the Warndon Villages development, with easy access to M5, Worcestershire Parkway Station and the City. Accommodation briefly comprising: Entrance Hall with French doors to Kitchen and understairs storage, W..."
"0.289 Acre Restaurant with Accommodation Above- Rental Income: £20,000 p.a till April 2028"
Beautiful light and airy quirky former stables on the edge of Britannia square with secure off road parking and Grade II Listed
"Generously extended, and tucked away within a quiet cul-de-sac in the sought after village of Fernhill Heath, this is a lovely family home. With off road parking, a garage, and a mature garden, this ticks every box for family living! Opening to the side into an entrance hall, the prop..."
"This double fronted home has been taken care of by the current owners since the year it was built. During that time, they have kept the property in a truly immaculate condition, making it move in ready for any growing family looking to live in the sought after St Peters area. The home offers an i..."
"A fully renovated three/four bedroom period Townhouse tastefully blending traditional character features with contemporary fixtures and fittings and offering flexible City centre living within easy reach of local schooling, amenities and Worcester City centre. Accommodation briefly compr..."
"Shrubbery Avenue is a well-presented and deceptive period terrace property situated on a tree lined avenue within close proximity to the city centre, nearby train stations and local schooling. The property briefly comprises; entrance hallway, lounge, dining room, extended kitchen and d..."
Ardens are delighted to be marketing this beautiful family home in Northwick. Extended by the current owners to create a fantastic family space. Beautifully styled and offering three double bedrooms with ensuite bathroom to main. Open plan kitchen/dining and living room with underfloor heating...
"Join us for the Property Launch event on Saturday 1st April 2023 - call now to secure your viewing slot! Welcome to this stunning 4 bedroom detached modern home, located in a peaceful cul-de-sac on the outskirts of St. Johns, heading towards Rushwick. This property offers an idyllic countryside ..."
"This one off build has been in the same family since it was built, and is ideally nestled in the sought after location of Northwick, and is being offered with no onward chain. Offering a generous plot, with large front and rear gardens, and a detached double garage and ample off road parking, thi..."
"Take the time to appreciate this beautifully presented 3 bedroom detached home situated in the popular Rushwick region of Worcester. Further accommodation includes a fantastic dining area with open access to the kitchen, a conservatory & study. The property also benefits from a gated drive & garage."
"An outstanding opportunity to purchase this detached property in a prime location. Compromising of 5 bedrooms, parking and a private garden. Occupying a corner plot in a cul de sac position."
"A charming and substantial four bedroom semi detached family home. This home has been well looked after and flows beautifully throughout. The property in brief comprises; study, lounge, w/c, kitchen, conservatory, four bedrooms and family bathroom. The property benefits from gas central h..."
"Situated set back from the Droitwich Road, this detached dormer bungalow with NO ONWARD CHAIN is a must view for anyone wanting to live in the ever popular village of Fernhill Heath. The property has been kept to a high standard throughout and is well proportioned, making it suitable for a range ..."
"A three bedroom detached bungalow, within a quiet and convenient location. The property compromises entrance hall, living room, three bedrooms, bathroom and kitchen/diner. The property further benefits from off road parking and a garage, as well as a mature rear garden."
"A detached building of three apartments being sold with the freehold located within walking distance of the restaurants and shops in Worcester City Centre whilst benefitting from easy access to J7 on the M5, this a property you need to view to appreciate all it has to offer. The proper..."
"The Elmbridge is a stunning four-bedroom home with plenty of appeal. This home has a spacious living room with outside access as well as an open plan kitchen/breakfast room and a separate dining room with a large bay window. Upstairs are all four bedrooms, with bedroom one enjoying an en suite."
"Settled right next door to GREEN SPACE, the Wollaton also features over £11,000 WORTH OF UPGRADES!"
"Book your appointment to find out how we can help you on your way into this double fronted 4 bed Trusdale home with up to £21,125 of incentives to use your way."
"An immaculately presented four bedroom modern detached family home situated within the highly desirable area of Norton and nestled on a quiet residential estate. The property which is well placed for access to the M5 and Worcester Parkway Station, briefly comprises; Entrance Hall, Downstairs W..."
"Please discuss Regional Variations with our sales consultants for more information  With overhanging eaves, traditional bay windows and a portico roofed entrance, the Stratford Lifestyle looks just like a normal three bedroom detached home, yet inside it couldn..."
This deceptively spacious and well presented four bedroom detached home is set over three floors and has the added benefit of having a garage and two parking spaces. The accommodation consists of a dual aspect sitting room with French doors leading onto the rear garden. There is a dual aspect fi...
"A three-storey, four-bedroom home, The Paris has everything you need. From a practical concealed laundry space in the kitchen-diner to fitted wardrobe in master bedroom – it’s a home for keeping you organised, driven, and ready for your day ahead.
 "
"Don't miss your chance to secure our ONLY Hillcott home at The Grove at Worcester, enjoying a corner position with GENEROUS PRIVATE DRIVEWAY parking!"
"The Bewdley is a four-bedroom, detached home with an open-plan kitchen/family room, separate living and dining rooms, a family room with French doors, a utility room and a downstairs WC. Upstairs, bedroom one is en-suite, three bedrooms share a family bathroom and there’s storage on the landing."
"The Huddington is a four-bedroom detached home with family-friendly living space. The living room and kitchen/breakfast room both have French doors leading out into the garden, and there’s a dining room and a utility room. There are four bedrooms and a family bathroom. Bedroom one has an en suite."
"This 4 bedroom Trusdale home with upgraded specification is suited to family life. Let us help you move with our Deposit Unlock scheme, with just a 5% deposit.*"
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a four bedroom detached bungalow in a sought after area, this is the first time the home has been brought to the market in over 20 years."
"Move in this Summer to the Hillcott, enjoying a corner position and private driveway parking."
"Ready to move in this summer, the Morris offers plentiful space, a luxurious master suite and impressive energy efficiency for lower energy bills."
"Boasting a kitchen over 22ft in length, the Hillcott is an impressive new family home, built with energy efficiency in mind to help lower your energy bills!"
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this four bedroom detached family home situated at the end of a cul-de-sac in the popular location of Warndon Villages offering spacious and versatile living accommodation. Scope for modernisation and improvement. EPC - C. EARLY VIEWING ESSENTIAL. 
"Situated on a sizable corner plot, this superb family home has been generously extended throughout the current owners time here, creating a versatile living arrangement suitable for a range of families. The property has the unique benefit of a TRIPLE garage, along with off road parking and well-s..."
"Brought from new, our current client choose this plot due to the non-restricted view over the greenery to the front, and the larger drive way accommodating parking for up to three cars along with the garage. The property has had numerous upgrades from downlighting to Smartlife Wifi Light Switches."
"This generous family home offers a versatile layout, perfect for growing families. Downstairs offers a great amount of space, that could lend itself to home workers well due to benefitting from a study. With a low maintenance garden, garage and off road parking, and close proximity to a range of ..."
"A modern detached family home offering immaculately presented, well proportioned accommodation situated in a quiet cul de sac location within this popular and sought after residential area. The location provides easy access to the city centre, national road and rail networks. The accommo..."
"A traditional extended semi detached family home offering superbly presented and spacious accommodation with a large private garden set back from the road in this popular and sought after residential area of Worcester. The location provides easy access to good local schooling, the city centre, na..."
"Presented to an immaculate standard, this home is ideally located next to open space in the sought after Warndon Villages. The property offers a fantastic amount of space for a growing family, with a full length conservatory to the rear which includes a cosy log burner. The property o..."
"A stunning detached Victorian family home full of character features. Situated in the popular Barbourne area of Worcester is this beautiful home which is believed to date to around 1870. As you enter you are greeted by a welcoming hallway with original tiled floor, stained-glass windows, stair..."
The excessive natural light was what drew our clients to this pleasant three bedroom home. Whilst the room sizes are generous and the amenities are convenient our clients are now ready to upsize and vacate this home in readiness for an exciting new buyer.
A spacious bungalow situated on a generous plot. While this lovely property has been well looked after over the years it does require a complete cosmetic update. The need for modernisation gives the new owner a perfect opportunity to update the kitchen and bathroom and style the property to suit...
"The Property Centre and delighted to present this spacious, modern property in Warndon Villages that comprises of entrance hall, lounge with bay window and door leading to the garden, separate dining room, kitchen with breakfast bar and integrated appliances, utility and w.c. on the ground floor...."
A spacious THREE DOUBLE BEDROOM home of the HIGHEST STANDARD with FULL LENGTH LOUNGE and OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINING AREA. Also boasts a large EN-SUITE to the master bedroom.
"Apt 20 Astley is a stylish second floor, two-bedroom apartment boasting a balcony overlooking Battenhall House. Approached from a communal landing servicing just three other apartments, the front door opens into an L-shaped hallway."
"**THE PERFECT FAMILY PROPERTY** A spacious and well presented 4 bedroom detached house with a HOME OFFICE , being situated in a quiet cul de sac within the highly sought after village of Rushwick which has an excellent CE primary school and is handily placed for the City of Worcester, Great Malv..."
"A contemporary two double bedroom apartment featuring an open plan kitchen/lounge/dining area, ideal for flexible modern living, with double doors opening onto the generous private balcony."
"Located within the charming Stables building with views towards the village entrance, this two double bedroom apartment features a flexible, open-plan kitchen/lounge/dining space that is ideal for entertaining. The master bedroom benefits from a bright private ensuite."
"Take time to appreciate this fabulous 4 bedroom detached family home situated in the ever popular Warndon Villages region of Worcester. Enjoying excellent living and garden space the property is ideally situated for access to local supermarkets, the M5 and Worcester Royal Hospital."
"A modern detached family home built by Taylor Wimpey Homes - The Surrey design, offering immaculately presented well proportioned accommodation situated at the head of a quiet cul de sac location on the fringes of this popular and sought after development. The location provides easy access to the..."
"WOW EWEmove NO CHAIN , one owner since new! Immaculate 4 bedroom detached in a quiet cul de sac, located in the centre of St. Peter's. With additional hexagonal conservatory and a blocked paved driveway, the mature well maintained gardens presents a fabulous frame for this ideal family forever home."
"'24 The Grove' is situated in a recent development occupying a private location, with far reaching views from the front over fields and towards The Malvern Hills. Accommodation briefly comprises: Welcoming Entrance Hall, downstairs Cloakroom, Sitting Room with bay window to the front el..."
"A very well presented and much improved four bedroom detached family home, situated offering flexible living accommodation within this popular Warndon Villages location. Accommodation comprising: Entrance Hall, downstairs W.C., Home Office/Snug, modern open plan Kitchen into Dining Ro..."
"*** COMING SOON*** A well-presented three bedroom detached home offering both spacious and versatile living accommodation, low maintenance rear garden and driveway offering off road parking situated within the popular residential area of Harley Goodacre. Photos to follow..."
"A rare opportunity to acquire a spacious detached bungalow in WR3 that benefits from a sizable corner plot and double garage! The property has been taken care of through out, and is absolutely move in ready. The property briefly comprises; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, three we..."
"A very well presented spacious four bedroom detached house, situated within this sought after area, offering local schooling, amenities, easy access to Worcester City and major transport links. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, downstairs Cloakroom, good size Sitting Room ..."
This Kingdale 3 bedroom home located on corner plot with detached garage is built for family life. Let us help you move with a tailored incentive package.*
"*HMO INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY * ATTRACTIVE RENTAL YIELD* Oakmans offer a fantastic HMO investment opportunity with this six bedroom property located on the popular Hawkwood Crescent, Worcester. The property is currently let to sharers at an attractive rental amount and is ideall..."
CASH BUYERS ONLY - Philip Laney & Jolly Worcester offer to the market a unique opportunity to acquire a five bedroom detached bungalow occupying a most generous plot situated in the ever popular village of Norton. The property is an exciting renovation opportunity with the property requiring exte...
"A great size six bedroom mid-terrace HMO, fully let to professionals at £31,680 PA . Fully licensed and within a prime rental location being moments from Worcester City Centre, boasting an HMO License for 7 Occupants, great sized bedrooms and scope to improve. EPC C"
"Spellis Green Cottage is a beautiful Victorian style cottage set in the sought after area of Hindlip offering good access to the City of Worcester, The M5 motorway and Droitwich Spa. Nestled down a no through road is delightful house perfect for first time buyers or someone looking fo..."
Spacious Edwardian townhouse which combines elegant modern décor with attractive period features set on a tree lined road close to the centre of Worcester.
"This four bedroom detached Bryant Victoria home is located in a cul-de-sac position in the Berkeley Beverborne area of Warndon Villages. The property consists of an entrance hall which leads through to the WC, lounge, dining room and kitchen. The lounge has a bay window and feature fireplace. Th..."
"Ideally located in the sought after area of Battenhall, the current owners have done a stunning job of maintaining this Victorian home, while still keeping some of the charming period features. The property has the huge benefits of off road parking and a generous, private garden to the rear. "
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom detached bungalow situated on a fair sized plot within the popular village of Rushwick, further benefitting from no onward chain. Rushwick is a quiet describable village located West of Worcester offering easy access to the Worcester By..."
"Our client was drawn to this property due to the beautiful character that is presented throughout. The property was in-need of renovation which has now been carried out adding in modern yet time-honoured facilities along with karndean flooring and complete redecoration, and a landscaped garden."
"A well-presented four bedroom detached home offering spacious and versatile living accommodation, single garage, driveway and generous sized rear garden situated within the popular residential location of Berkeley Pendesham. NO ONWARD CHAIN!"
"This deceptively spacious four bedroom detached family home is located in a cul-de-sac position in Battenhall and offered with no onward chain. The property is located within a mile of the City Centre, therefore offering easy access to the train station and shopping facilities. It is also only a..."
"Immaculate and well maintained four bedroom spacious family home located in the popular area of St Johns with private driveway for upto three vehicles and garage. The property briefly comprises entrance hall, downstairs WC, laundry room, dining room, lounge, open plan kitchen/living/di..."
"**CHAINFREE** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY*** This four bedroom home with a separate two bedroom annex is conveniently placed and located centrally to the popular St Johns district of Worcester. The house offers accommodation over three floors including a spacious double aspect reception, fitted breakf..."
"Recently renovated extensively, no expense has been spared on creating a modern yet homely feel inside this stunning family home. This extended home offers an immaculate standard, including brand new kitchen and bathroom, along with statement windows throughout. The property opens into..."
"This beautiful semi detached cottage needs to be seen to be appreciated, surrounded by nature this property offers buyers a study area, living room, dining room, kitchen, family bathroom and two great size bedrooms. Further benefits of the property include a downstairs toilet, conserva..."
"The current owner has refurbished this deceptive 4-bed-detached home on Hallow Road to provide a bespoke spacious kitchen area and living/dining space. Excellent catchment area for schools, easy access into town, river walks, and close to all local amenities. Viewing is highly recommended. We fee..."
A beautiful example of a Victorian home with generous space and a garden equally as impressive. Enhanced by the owners’ sense of style which offers a mix of contemporary with a lot of original features and character. Situated close to the city and both train stations this four bedroom ho...
"***Offered with no chain*** Situated in the popular location of St Johns is this four bedroom semi-detached family home with a separate two bedroom apartment. The ground floor comprises, entrance hallway, fitted modern kitchen, lounge with French doors leading to a balcony overlooking..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a beautiful riverside period home located in the popular Barbourne area with spectacular views. It benefits from being next to Gheluvelt Park which leads on to Worcester Race Course and gorgeous scenic walks along the river into town. The property has t...
"A beautifully presented four bedroom detached home offering both spacious and versatile living accommodation, bloc paved driveway providing off road parking and enclosed rear garden situated within the popular residential area of Lyppard Woodgreen."
"A highly impressive and spacious, three bedroom detached family home situated within the highly desirable area of Northwick. The property which is close to excellent schools and range of local amenities, briefly comprises; Entrance Hall, Open Plan Sitting/Dining Room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room &a..."
A very spacious and well maintained four bedroom detached family home. This home is approx. 8 yrs old and was built by persimmon. Located just on the outskirts of St Johns being close to the Worcester Golf and Country Club as well as the outskirts of the countryside. The property ben...
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** The Property Centre are delighted to bring to the market this Four bedroom spacious family home located in the popular area of St Johns with private driveway for up-to 4 vehicles and garage. The property briefly comprises entrance hall, downstairs WC, lounge, o..."
"The Clayton Corner features an open-plan kitchen diner and impressive living room with French doors opening into the garden, a utility room, WC and storage cupboard. Upstairs you'll find three bedrooms, including a large en suite bedroom one, a family-sized bathroom and handy storage cupboard."
"A delightful three bedroom home with an integrated garage, designed to appeal to young families and couples. Let us help you move with Easymover scheme*"
"A delightful three bedroom home with an integrated garage, designed to appeal to young families and couples."
"A highly charming three bedroom semi-detached family home situated within the highly desirable area of Barbourne and nestled on the prestigious tree lined street of Park Avenue. The property which is close to good schools and a range of local amenities, briefly comprises; Entrance Hall, Sittin..."
"Discover ways we can help you move into this Byford home, with a large open-plan kitchen leading out to the garden makes the Byford an ideal home for growing families."
"Exquisite lifestyle village home in prime location with oodles of character, ample parking and a large well stocked garden"
"A superb three bedroom semi-detached period home boasting secure off-road parking, a delightful rear garden, bay fronted lounge, utility, downstairs WC, family bathroom and an additional shower room. EPC E"
"A highly charming four bedroom semi-detached family home situated within the highly desirable area of Kempsey. The property which is close to local amenities, briefly comprises; Porch, Entrance Hall, Sitting/Dining Room, Kitchen/Breakfast Room, Utility & Downstairs W/C. On the First Floor;..."
"Situated in the sought after area of Northwick offering excellent local schooling, easy access to Worcester City and major transport links. 2 The Drive offers superb space and potential, ideal as a family home within easy reach of local amenities and briefly comprising: Entrance Hall wi..."
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a two bedroom end-terraced home in the sought after Battenhall area, being offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"Freshly decorated throughout, this home is move-in-ready. Located in a cul-de-sac in Claines, we have no doubt the location will appeal to many. With fields opposite it is a perfect mix of country living whilst being only a small distance away from all amenities."
Take a look at this fantastic 3 double bedroom semi detached home situated within the popular Fernhill Heath area of Worcestershire. Benefitting from a great garden space and conservatory the property is beautifully presented throughout and offers driveway parking and garage.
"Enjoy the best of modern living in this popular three-bedroom home which benefits from a stylish open-plan kitchen/diner with French doors leading into the garden. The Hatfield's bright front aspect living room, separate utility room, handy storage cupboard and downstairs WC make this a great home."
"This beautifully presented property is situated in the desirable area of Warndon Villages, offering buyers a porch, lounge, dining room, extended newly fitted kitchen, three bedrooms, en-suite and a family bathroom, Further benefits include a garage, UPVC double glazed windows and gas ..."
"A four bedroom end-terraced home, in the popular St. Johns area. The property briefly comprises; Entrance hall, w/c, living room, kitchen and conservatory. On the first floor; four bedrooms and a family bathroom. The property further benefits from off road parking and a private rear garden."
A light and airy three bedroom detached family home situated in the heart of Warndon Villages. Close to the M5 Jct 6 as well as Worcester Royal Hospital and Supermarkets. There are several bus routes that go into the city as well as several walking routes. The current owners have looked a...
"Philip Laney & Jolly Worcester offer to the market a three bedroom detached family home with NO ONWARD CHAIN. Located in the ever popular area of St Peters this property is convenient to the M5 Motorway network, Parkway railway station and local amenities. The accommodation comprises entranc..."
"A well proportioned detached character property situated in a convenient location within St Johns. Large rear gardens, garage and driveway. Scope for modernisation. NO ONWARD CHAIN> EPC - D. "
"This property comprises of porch, entrance hall, double aspect living room, conservatory, spacious dining room, extended kitchen / diner, study and w.c. on the ground floor. On the first floor you will find the master bedroom, second bedroom, third bedroom and family bathroom. <..."
A luxury top floor duplex Penthouse Apartment in a central location with views over the canal reaching to the Cathedral. This home is coming to the market chain free and is in immaculate condition.
"This beautiful, detached property offers buyers a large entrance hall, living room with patio doors leading onto the garden, separate dining room, kitchen, downstairs w.c., four bedrooms and a family bathroom. Further benefits include off street parking, garage to the left of the prope..."
"A beautifully maintained modern home which must be viewed to appreciate the condition throughout. The accommodation comprises of; hallway, sitting room, WC, kitchen/diner and utility room. The first floor offers three double bedrooms with ensuite to bedroom one and family bathroom. Outside the..."
"Philip Laney and Jolly Worcester are delighted to offer a wonderfully presented and appointed GROUND FLOOR apartment with a superb outlook over to the river Severn, Malvern hills and the developments shared gardens with a spacious balcony providing outdoor space. This larger than average two..."
"Balanced inside and out, this three-bedroom home is the perfect combination of modern and practical living. The Kea features an open-plan kitchen-diner with French patio doors and soft closing cupboards as standard. A spacious reception hallway guides you upstairs where three spacious bedro"
"A well presented, detached three/four bedroom modern family home, situated in a quiet and popular location. Accommodation comprising: Entrance Hall, flexible Office/downstairs Bedroom, Living Room, Kitchen/Diner, Utility Room and downstairs Shower Room. On the first floor: Three Bedro..."
"Book your appointment to find out how our Easymover scheme could help you with your move into this double fronted Easedale detached home, designed with growing families in mind."
"This three bedroom detached property comprises of entrance hall, lounge, kitchen / diner and downstairs W.C. on the ground floor. On the first floor you will find the master bedroom with en - suite shower room, bedroom two, bedroom three and family bathroom. The enclosed r..."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom detached bungalow in the sought after area of Northwick. The bungalow is in need of modernisation which makes this perfect for putting your own stamp on. it has a great South facing garden which offers good privacy. The bungalow benefits the ...
"A family home situated in the popular area of Warndon Villages, which gives access to local amenities, transport links, schools and Worcester City Centre."
"PHASE ONE IS RELEASED. Three luxury two bedroom penthouse apartments with panoramic views. This unique and striking development is in the heart of the city surrounded by fantastic bars and restaurants, and on the same road as Worcester Foregate Street Station. Arden Estates a..."
Philip Laney & Jolly Worcester offer to the market a most wonderful family home that has been updated throughout by the current owners to an exceptional standard. This superb Victorian home that is presented over three floors with the addition of a cellar provides such versatile and spacious acco...
"This freehold property must be seen to appreciate the space on offer. From the entrance hallway you will find the kitchen, downstairs W.C., large lounge and enclosed courtyard garden that leads out onto the two allocated parking spaces within the gated communal car park. On the first ..."
"***COMING SOON*** A three bedroom detached home with two reception rooms, single garage, driveway and enclosed rear garden situated in Lyppard Hanford. FURTHER DETAILS TO FOLLOW..."
This three bedroom town house is immaculate and stunning throughout and has been enhanced by the current owners. The property was built a year ago by Bloor homes and has their unique style and design. There is currently 9 years NHBC warranty remaining. The property in brief comprises; lou...
"Nestled on a quiet idyllic cul-de-sac location, this gorgeous modern three bedroom detached family home is situated within the highly desirable area of Broomhall, close to a range of local amenities. The property features a stunning modern fitted kitchen/dining room and boasts a flexible outsi..."
"Boasting a desirable GARAGE, FLOORING fitted throughout, and a £7k CASHBACK OFFER, the Makenzie is ready to move in now!"
"With an open-plan kitchen leading out to the garden, the Byford makes an ideal home for growing families. Let us help you move with £15,000 Key worker discount.*"
"Every corner contains character and charm. With ample storage, a multi car driveway, large garden, four bedrooms and a flexible downstairs layout!"
"Are you a first-time buyer? We can help you with our First Time Buyer Boost scheme*
Save when you reserve the Thea 3-bed home "
"A much improved and very well presented four bedroom Townhouse, situated within the popular Diglis development of Worcester. Accommodation briefly comprising: Entrance Hallway, storage cupboard, downstairs W.C., large Kitchen Diner with refitted Kitchen, Bedroom 4/Study. To the first f..."
"This deceptively spacious well planned and finished family home b enefiting from off road parking and offers ample flexible space, which has been updated throughout to create a welcoming family home, within walking distance of Worcester City, all its amenities, schooling and further major transp..."
"With no onward chain, and tucked away down a quiet cul-de-sac, Wiberforce Place is a must see for anyone wanting to move to Warndon Villages. The home offers a new family the chance to put their own stamp on a well proportioned space, with private garden and detached garage. The home ..."
"This 3 bed new Byford home features over £4,000 worth of upgrades included and £12,000 mortgage contribution*. Book your appointment to discover more."
"An immaculately presented two bedroom modern style bungalow situated within the highly desirable area of Fernhill Heath and nestled on an impressive corner plot at the end of a quiet no through road. The property which is close to a range of local amenities, briefly comprises; Entrance Hall, M..."
"This detached 3 bedroom home designed for modern living, includes a breakfast kitchen and spacious living/dining room with French doors to the rear garden. Let us help you move with 5% deposit contribution.*"
SHOWHOMES NOW OPEN! Become one of our first homeowners at Elgar Park with the energy efficient new Lyttelton home for sale.
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom semi-detached family home located in the very popular village of Rushwick. The property in brief comprises entrance hall, large lounge, conservatory, kitchen, utility room and three bedrooms and family bathroom. There is ample park..."
"A fantastic home in this semi rural location with stunning bi-folds onto its south facing garden, benefitting from its access to the M5 motorway and sitting on the outskirts of Worcester"
"A stunning detached bungalow which has been renovated by the current owners, making this somewhere you can just move straight into. The property is light and airy throughout and is situated in the popular area of Northwick. The property comprises; lounge/diner, kitchen, conservatory, two ..."
"Offering a WELL SIZED REAR GARDEN, the Byron is a fantastic choice for first time buyers, with space for a home office in the third bedroom!"
"An apartment in Diglis with a rare river view. Upgraded finish and is in anexcellent condition. eautiful and spacious, two double bedroom, ground floor apartment with an undisturbed view looking out over to the river. Situated in Diglis Basin, close to the city centre, the cosmopolit..."
"Situated on the first floor of the grand main building with its excellent communal facilities, this one bedroom apartment features an open plan kitchen/dining space leading to the lounge which forms a wonderfully fluid space with views towards the beautifully refurbished stables."
"Meticulously presented link-detached home in popular location, tucked away yet close to all the cities amenities"
"This detached Bryant built three bedroom property is conveniently located within the Wall Meadow development of Warndon Village's close to popular local schools also providing excellent access to the M5 motorway as well as good links to the city centre. The property comprises; hallway, sitting..."
Be quick to make the most of our Options & Upgrades range on this BRAND NEW energy efficient new home at Elgar Park.
"An opportunity to acquire this beautiful penthouse apartment situated in the sought after, water side location of Diglis, Worcester. The Apartment is within easy reach of Worcester City and all its amenities, together with local riverside walks and cafes, together with ease of access to major tra..."
"This beautiful family home has been lovingly taken care of during the current owner's time here, offering a fabulous space for families and raising children. The home is ideally layed out, and offers a superb garden, which backs on to the canal, and off road parking for multiple cars. "
"Join us for the Property Launch event on Saturday 1st April 2023 - call now to secure your viewing slot! This stunning 3 bedroom detached house in Warndon Villages offers ample living space, a south east facing rear garden and off-road parking for several vehicles."
"Bright and well presented terraced home in popular St Johns location! Two reception rooms, kitchen and cellar. Two first floor bedrooms, bathroom and a further attic double bedroom with dressing/study space. Good sized garden to the rear, double glazing and gas central heating."
"Hills Estate Agents are pleased to offer for sale a unique opportunity to acquire a detached home on the fringes of Worcester. The house comprises; hallway, open plan sitting room/diner, kitchen, WC and study/bedroom 3. To the first floor there are two double bedrooms and a bathroom. The prope..."
"Bungalows in the sought after location of Warndon Villages are incredibly rare to market, so will always be popular, particularly when they are done to an immaculate standard like this. The current owners have made the most of the plot, with the addition of a front porch and sizeable conservatory..."
"Nestled on in a quiet idyllic spot with picturesque views of the River Severn, this two bedroom Victorian semi-detached family home is situated within the highly desirable area of Barbourne. The property is in immaculate condition throughout and the current vendors have finished it to a high s..."
"This four bedroom detached house poses an outstanding opportunity to convert into a family home. Situated in a popular part of Powick, this property consists of a driveway space for multiple vehicles, two receptions rooms and rear garden."
"An immaculately presented and extended semi-detached family home, situated at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac within a desirable location."
Book your viewing today! The Makenzie is ready this Spring with upgrades including and our new CASHBACK OFFER!
"A rare opportunity to acquire a three bedroom semi detached family home, enjoying a generous plot and further benefiting from a building plot with Planning Permission granted for a further detached three bedroom dwelling (Planning No: 20/00512/FUL), as well as further outbuilding separated into ..."
"Spacious three bedroom semi detached family home with scope for further development, situated in a quiet and convenient location within the popular area of St Johns. The Property briefly comprises entrance hall, living room, kitchen/diner, utility room, downstairs WC, three bedrooms, r..."
"A beautifully presented three bedroom semi-detached home offering both modern and contemporary living accommodation, converted garage, bloc paved driveway providing off road parking and enclosed low maintenance garden situated within a popular residential area within Worcester."
"This spacious property comprises of a porch, entrance hall, lounge, kitchen / diner, utility room, where the property has been extended it offers a playroom, downstairs bathroom and fourth bedroom on the ground floor. There are multiple ways you could use the space to suit your needs. "
"The Property Centre are pleased to bring to the market this spacious three bedroom semi-detached family home located in the popular area of St Johns. The property briefly comprise hall way living room, dining room kitchen, three bedrooms, family bathroom and garage to the rear. "
"A modern and beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached family home built by the popular Bloor Homes, situated to the West of Worcester City. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, Kitchen/Diner, Utility Area, Living Room and downstairs Cloakroom. On the first floor: M..."
This superb new home offers a spacious open plan layout with a stunning Symphony kitchen that you can personalise from our range when you reserve early.
"Take time to appreciate this fantastic 3 bedroom home situated in the ever popular Warndon Villages area of Worcester - Enjoying excellent access to local, shops, retails parks and the M5. The property also benefits from a generous garden, family room, conservatory and off road parking."
"The Property Centre are proud to present this modern three bedroom semi-detached property that comprises of entrance hall, spacious lounge, inner hallway, open-plan kitchen / diner, W.C., and under stairs storage cupboard on the ground floor. On the first floor you will find the master..."
"A well presented three bedroom semi detached house, situated within this sought after area, offering excellent local schooling, amenities, easy access to Worcester City and major transport links. Accommodation briefly comprising: large Sitting Room with open fire, Dining Area with doors..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a recently improved three bedroom semi-detached family home in the very popular area of St Johns. The property is conveniently located within a minutes’ walk of a Tesco Express, Fish & Chip shop and other useful amenities. There is also a reg..."
Only four years old this home in move-in-ready and our clients are upsizing to a new build which will be end of chain. Our clients paid for multiple upgrades when purchasing to ensure the properties potential was maximised.
"A traditional style three bedroom semi detached family home, enjoying a generous plot and situated in a popular North Worcester location. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, Sitting Room, Dining Room, Kitchen and downstairs Cloakroom. On the first floor: Three Bedrooms and..."
"Tudor Cottage in Fish Street Worcester is an historic Grade11 listed three double bedroom property, full of character and charm, in the heart of Worcester City Centre."
"A spacious link detached family home, situated in a prime location within the ever popular WR3. Positioned to the north of the city, the property has a variety of superb schools to choose from, along with excellent transport links both in and out of the city. The property briefly comp..."
"A small development, unlike any other, Charter Place has always been highly desirable due to its perfect tucked away location within Worcester City Centre. Situated down a private road, with resident only parking, the development is made up of exclusive townhouses, perfect for city centre living ..."
"This stunning property has been totally refurbished by the current sellers, as well as extended. The home has a loft conversion, as well as a spacious summer house which is currently being used as a home gym."
"A semi-detached property situated within the ever-popular Northwick district of Worcester. This lovely home has versatile accommodation within, including a living room, a kitchen dining room, a conservatory/utility room, a cloakroom and a double bedroom on the ground floor, which could easily be..."
Offered for sale with no onward chain is this spacious detached family home to the North of Worcester.
"This beautifully presented semi detached property offers buyers a large open hallway leading into a living room, the property also has a separate dining room, large open kitchen, four good size bedrooms and a family bathroom. Further benefits include a downstairs toilet, utility, study..."
"Take the time to appreciate this modern semi detached home. Offering fantastic open plan living the property also benefits from 3 bedrooms, a family bathroom and en suite to the master. Situated in this popular residential area the property enjoys allocated parking and pleasant rear garden space."
"This bungalow is definitely not short on space, our clients were drawn to the property due to the room sizes and the amount of natural light that floods the property."
"This spacious semi detached property offers buyers a entrance hall, living room, dining room, kitchen, three great size bedrooms and a family bathroom. Further benefits include a generous corner plot, a large enclosed rear garden and a separate garage. The property is ideall..."
"***COMING SOON*** A three bedroom detached home offering both spacious and versatile living accommodation, single garage and enclosed rear garden situated within the popular residential area of Wall Meadow. Further details to follow..."
"We are pleased to offer a three bedroom extended semi detached property with garage and parking. The property offers hallway, spacious lounge diner, extended kitchen, convservatory and W.C. To the first floor the property has three bedrooms and family bathroom. Furthe..."
"Our client was drawn to the property in question due to the generous sized garden and modern facilities, whilst now it is time our clients move on, they have no doubt the next home owners will enjoy the property as much as they have."
"A rare opportunity to acquire a Duplex Penthouse Apartment, situated in the heart of Worcester City with spectacular views of Worcester Cathedral. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall with useful storage cupboard, large refitted Kitchen/Dining Area and Master Bedroom with re-f..."
"Large Four Bedroom Family Home located in the popular area of St Johns, just a short walk from all of its useful amenities and within a 20 minute walk of Worcester City Centre. In brief the property comprises entrance hall with doors to both the lounge and kitchen with stairs leading t..."
"Bilford Road is a traditional semi detached bungalow offering well proportioned & well maintained accommodation, the property offers further scope for some updating/modernisation. Located in a popular and sought after residential area of Worcester, the location provides easy access to the city ce..."
"Extended, and beautifully improved throughout, this cosy family home offers a homely feel, and is ready for the next family to enjoy it. Situated on a well sized plot, with ample off road parking to the front, and a generous garden to the rear, this home offers a fantastic amount of space for any..."
"The Property Centre are proud to present this immaculate three bedroom semi-detached property in the desirable area of Whittington with an asking price of Offers Over £300,000. Buyers will find an entrance hall, spacious lounge, open-plan kitchen / diner, separate utility room, ..."
"Situated opposite stunning open fields, this lovely home is tucked away at the quieter end of Northwick Road, but still offers excellent access to all of the amenities and schools that draw people to this sought after location. The property sits on a lovely plot, with well sized front and rear ga..."
Positioned in the popular Northwick neighborhood in the North of Worcester is this perfect three-bedroom semi-detached family home. This exquisite family home offers exceptional proportions and an elegant finish throughout. The property offers ample space to grow into and comes complete with a pr...
"Take the time to appreciate this fantastic 3 bedroom home situated in the highly sought after Fernhill Heath area - Further accommodation include a lounge/diner, extended kitchen area, bathroom and en suite. The property also benefits from driveway parking and an enclosed rear garden."
"A viewing is advised to appreciate the accommodation on offer having been recently refurbished with a new kitchen, bathroom, electrics, heating and floor coverings. The property comprises of; hallway, sitting room, dining room, extended kitchen and WC/utility. To the first floor there are thre..."
"A traditional semi detached family home which has been looked after well by the current owners. This light and airy home is located in the popular area of North Worcester close to local amenities; such as convenience shops, post office, pubs and chip shop. The property in brief compr..."
"A three bedroom semi detached property sitting within a generous corner plot along with an attached single Garage, situated in the popular St. Peter's area of Worcester. Accommodation briefly comprising: Entrance Hall, Sitting Room, open-plan Kitchen/Diner and Conservatory. To the firs..."
"This beautifully presented three bedroom property offers buyers a large entrance hall, dining room, kitchen including a integrated fridge dishwasher and washing machine and also a double oven, living room, two bathrooms and three bedrooms. Further benefits include off street parking, a..."
"Apt 23 Astley is a stylish second floor, one bedroom apartment boasting an enclosed glass fronted balcony benefitting from a south easterly aspect. Approached from a communal landing servicing just three other apartments, the front door opens into a spacious hallway."
"Magnificent Retirement Home in this glorious setting: Apt 14 Astley is a stylish first floor, one bedroom apartment boasting an enclosed glass fronted balcony benefitting from a south easterly aspect. Elegant communal areas, including lounge, library, restaurant, gym, bar, salon and craft room"
"An ideal family home or buy to let opportunity in a fantastic Central Worcester City location. A wonderful property that is one of a pair of five-bedroom townhouses for sale situated within Worcester City centre. The properties are currently operated as HMOs’, and both are available for purchase..."
"This stylish first floor, one bedroom apartment boasting an enclosed glass fronted balcony benefitting from a south easterly aspect. Approached from a communal landing servicing just three other apartments, the front door opens into a spacious hallway."
" A spacious traditional 3 bedroom end terraced house, ideal for a young and growing family, being situated within the popular village of Callow End conveniently placed for local schools, shops, recreational facilities and having ease of access to Great Malvern , Worcester and the M5 Motorway (JCT..."
" Proudly presented to you by Move Sales & Lettings; Wall House & Gate House are a pair of FIVE-bedroom, TWO-bathroom HMOs situated in the heart of Worcester City Centre. The properties are accessed from The Butts via a security pedestrian gate operated for the phone systems within the pro..."
"A three bedroom and two bathroom semi detached home with generous living space. Extended to the rear and offering breakfast kitchen, conservatory, and sitting room which all  open up into each other, creating the perfect family space to entertain. Downstairs W/C and shower room. To t..."
"Situated within the desirable area of Powick and nestled on quiet idyllic cul-de-sac location, this extended charming three bedroom semi-detached family home boasts a garage, gorgeous wrap around laid to lawn garden areas and two light & airy reception rooms. The property is close to a ran..."
"A very well maintained four-bedroom semi-detached property that would make a fantastic family home, located in the very popular area of Lower Wick. In brief, the property comprises entrance hall, kitchen/breakfast room, extended living room, conservatory, garage, storage room, four bed..."
"A beautifully presented, unique, modern home, located in the highly sought after area of Woodland Edge and looks out onto the green"
"This deceptively spacious and well presented three bedroom semi- detached home is situated on a larger than average plot and offered with no onward chain. The property has been refurbished by the current vendors in the last two years to include a new boiler, replacement windows and doors, replace..."
"A fantastic opportunity to a acquire an attractive Victorian terraced character home across three floors, with a cellar conversion. The property is located within a convenient location within walking distance of the city centre, with great access to transport links."
"This well presented and deceptively spacious extended three bedroom semi- detached home enjoys views across to Worcester Race Course from the rear of the property. The property consists of an entrance hallway which leads through to the WC, lounge with dining area and kitchen. The re-fitted kitche..."
"Our clients fell in love with property as soon as they saw the view to the Malvern Hills from the rear, and we have no doubt you will too!"
"***OPEN EVENT SATURDAY 8TH APRIL AND WEDNESDAY 12TH APRIL, PLEASE CALL TO ARRANGE A VIEWING***This well presented three bedroom Houghton design semi –detached, St Modwen home which is situated on a larger than average plot. The property is located in the catchment area for Whittington Prima..."
Philip Laney and Jolly Worcester offer a three bedroom detached family home occupying a generous corner plot that has been extended to the side creating most useful living accommodation. The property has been well maintained by the current owner with the accommodation comprising a generous living...
"Investment Opportunity - Ground Floor Shop + 2 x One Bedroom Self Contained Flats above - Fully let - Generating Rental Income of  £20,400 p.a."
"I LOVE THIS HOME! As soon as I walked in it felt like home and I hope you feel the same. I'm not just saying this, this is one of my favorite properties I have listed in a long time and I would LOVE to show you around, so come and take a look!"
"Discover this 2 bedroom Ashenford home, offering open plan living perfect for individuals and couples alike. Let us help you move with a tailored incentive package."
"Book your appointment to discover this 2 bedroom Ashenford home, offering open plan living perfect for individuals and couples alike."
"Superbly presented, good as new home is perfect for First Time Buyers & Young Families"
Worcester has some wonderful historic buildings to rival its modern counterparts and here is your chance to live in just such a building whilst enjoying contemporary interiors
"The Property Centre are proud to present this CHAIN FREE, two bedroom semi-detached bungalow in the sought after area of Battenhall that comprises of large entrance hall, lounge with patio door leading out to the garden, kitchen, master bedroom with built-in wardrobes, second bedroom and shower r..."
"Opportunity to acquire a property with development opportunity for an ANEX. Situated on a corner plot in a prime location. Main house has three bedrooms, bathroom, lounge, kitchen and conservatory."
"This traditional semi-detached property offers spacious and extended living accommodation with three bedrooms to the first floor and on the ground floor a sizeable kitchen/diner/family room, sitting room and WC. The house boasts enviable views from the front with enclosed front and rear garden..."
"A well-presented home situated in the popular area of Lyppard Habington giving access to local amenities, Worcester City Centre, transport links and schools. The property has hall, cloakroom, sitting room, dining room, kitchen, conservatory. There are three bedrooms and a family bathroom, gardens."
Please discuss Regional Variations with our sales consultants for more informationWho says smaller homes shouldn't be every bit as highly specified and stylish and as larger properties? The Buxton proves that two-bedroom homes can be finished to the very hi...
"A three bedroom semi detached family home, situated in the popular area of Claines, offering further potential to extended (if required). Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, Sitting Room and open-plan Kitchen/Diner with pantry. On the first floor: Three Bedrooms and Shower..."
"A delightful three bedroom end of terrace home in the popular Warndon Villages. Easy access to the M5 motorway network, retail parks and industrial estates. EPC- D."
A spacious three bedroom semi detached house located in a convenient and popular location. Private and enclosed rear gardens. VIEWING ESSENTIAL. EPC - D
"An extended four bedroomed semi-detached family home in a convenient location with driveway parking, private enclosed rear garden and garage. EPC - D."
"A two bedroom semi-detached bungalow, nestled within a quiet road, with detached garage and driveway parking. Positioned on a mature plot, this delightful bungalow comprises internally of; entrance porch, leading into the central hallway, modern kitchen complete with a range of wall and bas..."
"**NO CHAIN** The Property Centre are pleased to bring to the market this spacious three bedroom end of terrace family home located in a quiet residential road in the popular area of St Johns. The property briefly comprise living area, kitchen, three bedrooms, family bathroom..."
"Accommodation comprises; A reception area with ample built-in storage, leading to the downstairs bathroom and attached garage. Open plan lounge/dining room with patio-style doors leading to garden. Modern style kitchen with UPVC door to the rear, initially onto a paved patio area. Also benefittin..."
This well presented three bedroom semi-detached family home is situated on a generous private plot and offers further potential to extend subject to the relevant permissions. The property has a rear outlook across too Laugherne Brook Nature Reserve. The accommodation consists of a entrance porch ...
"**A REAL MUST VIEW PROPERTY** Positioned within a cul de sac location and with a host of excellent amenities on the doorstep, as well as having good access to the city centre and the M5 motorway. This three bedroom link detached house is offered for sale with no onward chain. The accommodation..."
"The Property Centre are proud to present 7 Bomford Hill that comprises of entrance hall, large lounge, dining room, and kitchen on the ground floor. On the first floor you will find the main bedroom with en-suite, second bedroom, third bedroom and family bathroom as well as an airing c..."
"Hollywell Homes are proud to bring to market this recently improved two-bedroom bungalow. The property briefly compromises entrance hall, living/dining, kitchen, two double bedrooms with built-in wardrobes, and a single garage. With a new fully fitted Hammond Kitchen, Victoria Plumbing ..."
"Immaculate three bedroom semi detached family home located in the very popular area of Lower Wick. We highly recommend an internal inspection in order to appreciate the position and condition of this lovely home. To the ground floor there are two spacious receptions rooms, a..."
"The Property Centre are thrilled to bring to the market this immaculate three bedroom semi-detached family room with its own solar panels, situated on a quiet road within the popular area of St Johns. The property in brief comprises entrance hall, living room, re-fitted kitchen/diner, ..."
"This spacious semi detached property offers buyers a bright entrance hallway, large living room, kitchen-diner, family bathroom and three great size bedrooms. Further benefits include off street parking, built-in storage and a private rear garden with side access. The proper..."
Fantastic opportunity for a centrally located and beautiful period property!
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a fully licensed HMO (House of Multiple Occupation) properties with five rooms in total. The property is being offered with no onward chain. The property is listed. Service Charge is £100 pcm. 999 Year Lease. Yield is over 9%
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a four bedroom extended semi detached property, set within the popular St. John's area of Worcester. Accommodation briefly comprises: Sitting Room (currently used as a Bedroom), open-plan Kitchen/Diner with Utility Area and downstairs Shower Room, as w..."
"A beautifully presented three bedroom traditional style mid terraced family home, situated in a popular area to the west of Worcester City. Accommodation comprising: Entrance Hall, Sitting Room, Dining Room, Kitchen and Utility Room. On the first floor: Three Bedrooms and a Family Bat..."
"An immaculate example of a period home, with a perfect mix of modern and character features. The current owners have done an incredible job of making the property feel bright and airy and it offers a beautiful flow throughout. The property briefly comprises; lounge, dining room, kitch..."
Featuring stunning views of Worcester Cathedral and the City from the rear garden. This highly impressive and well presented three bedroom semi-detached family home must be viewed to be appreciated! Close to a range of local amenities and located within the popular residential area of WR5. The...
"Situated in the ever popular area of Warndon Villages, this three bedroom end of terrace property is offering any new owner ample space and benefitting from NO ONWARD CHAIN! The property briefly comprises; through lounge-diner, kitchen, conservatory and a downstairs wc. Upstairs there ..."
"This traditional semi-detached home in the sought after WR3 area really must be viewed. The property comprises; Living room, dining room, sseparatekitchen, utility and w/c, three bedrooms and a bathroom on the first floor.The property is situated on a quiet no through road, offering peaceful living."
"Benefitting from no onward chain, this home is situated on a desirable Close in St Johns and sits on a well-sized plot with spacious garden and off road parking. The property offers heaps of potential and must viewed to appreciate it's deceptive size. The property opens up through a s..."
"A charming and deceptively spacious two double bedroom period terrace property, situated within the heart of Battenhall. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, Sitting Room, Dining Room, Kitchen with downstairs Bathroom off. On the first floor: Master Bedroom with Dressing Ar..."
"Located in a quiet cul-de-sac this three story home offers flexible living, whilst currently set up as four bedrooms, two bathrooms, a lounge, kitchen/diner and integrated garage, this property is definitely not short on space and can easily be adapted to suit the needs of the future buyer!"
"Situated in the ever popular postcode of WR3, this stunning home offers a great space for a variety of buyers. This home benefits from a loft conversion, ideal as a third bedroom. Further benefitting from a spacious garden and off road parking, this home would be ideal for a family, or first time..."
"A beautifully presented and much improved two bedroom semi detached bungalow, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac location to the West of Worcester City. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, open-plan Living Room/Kitchen, Master Bedroom, further Bedroom, Office and Shower Room."
"Situated on London Road, lies this delightful three bedroom house with period features situated close to the City of Worcester which offers many retail, leisure and hospitality amenities Worcester has to offer, as well as local amenities and public transport. Set over three floors, th..."
"Save up to £3,100 a year on your energy bills with a new home, just like the stylish Drake for sale at Elgar Park!"
"Done to a truly immaculate standard throughout, the current owners of this home have created an incredible space, perfect for a variety of buyers. The property is nestled within the 'village within the city', St Johns, and offers an abundance of space along with a charming landscaped garden. "
"This beautifully presented property offers buyers an entrance hallway, living room, kitchen diner, family bathroom and three great size bedrooms. Further benefits include a conservatory, rear garden with side access and off street parking. The property is located in the WR4 ..."
This property has been a much loved home for close to 60 years and has been clearly cared for with an up-to-date boiler and double glazing. It is now time for a new family to adopt this property and turn it into their own home!
"The Property Centre are pleased to bring to the market this three bedroom mid-terrace family home, located in a quiet residential road in the popular area of St Johns. The property briefly comprises lounge, dinning room, kitchen, three bedrooms, family bathroom. Further bene..."
"We are pleased to offer a three bedroom semi detached property in the popular North Worcester, The property offers porch, hallway, kitchen, lounge/diner, three bedrooms and bathroom. The property further benefits from garage with parking and a rear garden. Call ..."
"A three bedroom semi-detached home, in the North Worcester area. Being offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
Looking for your first home? Stop! You've found it! The Drake is a stylish new home ready for you to make your own by personalising options and upgrades from our range!
Looking for your first home? Stop! You've found it! The Drake is a stylish new home ready for you to make your own by personalising options and upgrades from our range! It also enjoys a south east garden.
Philip Laney & Jolly are pleased to present to the market this extended two bedroom (plus attic room currently used as a bedroom) end terrace house situated just North of the City Centre and within walking distance to local amenities. The accommodation comprises of Living Room with gas fire ...
"A immaculately presented first floor apartment situated within this beautiful character building in the popular area of Battenhall. In brief comprises of entrance hall, utility, dining hall, living room, kitchen, two double bedrooms and good size shower room. Benefits from having a garage and par..."
"CJ Hole are delighted to bring to the market this fantastic 3 bedroom traditional family property in the popular area of St Johns. The property comprises of 2 double bedrooms and 1 single bedroom, exterior period features, large driveway, and large rear garden, gas central heating and ..."
"* NO ONWARD CHAIN * A semi-detached converted stable requiring modernisation, set in the lovely grounds of a stunning Grade II listed Hawford House. Entrance Hall, Kitchen, Lounge, Downstairs Cloakroom. 2 Bedrooms, Family Bathroom, En-suite Shower Room to Master. In all about 1075 sq.ft Resident/..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom semi-detached family home with no onward chain, located within the popular area of St Johns. The property in brief comprises entrance hall, living room, high-spec kitchen, downstairs WC, three bedrooms and modern family bathroom. ..."
"Eastbank Court is a very desirable complex of assisted living apartments that benefits from having Lift access to all levels, lounge, Elgar's Restaurant and Bar, Garden room and Conservatory, Hairdressing salon, treatment room, Library and a Hobbies room."
"An extended three bedroomed end terraced property in a convenient location with ample parking, private enclosed sunny rear garden and garage. NO ONWARD CHAIN. EARLY VIEWING ESSENTIAL. EPC - C"
"*HMO INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY * ATTRACTIVE RENTAL YIELD* Oakmans offer a fantastic HMO investment opportunity with this three bedroom property located on the popular Hawkwood Crescent, Worcester. The property is currently let to three sharers at an attractive rental amount and is..."
"RETIREMENT PROPERTY: A beautifully presented, South-facing, two-bedroom apartment on the first floor with new carpets and decoration throughout."
"This spacious semi detached property offers buyers a wide entrance hallway, living room, modern kitchen diner, three great size bedrooms and a family bathroom. Further benefits of the property include an enclosed rear garden with side access, off street parking and a large garage. "
"A beautifully presented two bedroom, second floor apartment in the sought after location of Diglis, overlooking the Diglis Basin. The property also features high ceilings, sash windows and is spacious throughout."
"This home is now our HOME OF THE WEEK with flooring included. Don't miss out, we're over 80% sold at The Grove at Worcester."
"Benefit from buying new with the Elyot with a £4,800 MORTGAGE SUBSIDY available for a limited time only!"
"A superb opportunity to acquire a two bedroom semi detached period Cottage with well planned and finished accommodation, within easy reach of schooling, Worcester City and major transport links, additional Conservatory, private rear garden and outbuilding offering further potential. Acco..."
"An excellent opportunity to purchase this stunning period terraced property being offered with no onward chain. Situated in the ever popular North of Worcester which allows for easy access into the city centre and motorway networks. Pinkett Street briefly comprises; lounge, kitchen-bre..."
" Proudly presented to you by Move Sales & Lettings: A beautifully presented two bedroom family home situated in an extremely popular residential area of Worcester. The property is situated close to the Barbourne shopping area, Worcester City centre with its range of shopping, recreation and e..."
CJ Hole are delighted to bring to market this exceptionally spacious four bedroom Victorian terrace family home set over 4 floors starting at the basement level through to the second floor. The property is approached via a paved frontage leading to the front door. The ground floor offers a ...
"A spacious 2/3 bedroom terraced period home, situated within close proximity of Worcester City centre. Accommodation briefly comprises: Dining Room, Sitting Room, Kitchen and downstairs Bathroom. On the first floor: Two Bedrooms and Cloakroom. On the second floor: Spacious Loft Room..."
"3 BEDROOM END TERRACE PROPERTY WITH PARKING AND LARGE GARDEN IN WR4 FOR £250,000 The Property Centre are proud to present this three bedroom end terrace property that comprises of large entrance hall, double aspect lounge with patio doors leading out to the garden and open-plan k..."
Hollywell Homes are proud to bring to market this 3 bedroom mid terraced property. Currently being rented out as HMO. This property offers the new purchaser immediate income on the property and is being offered as a 'bills included' model. The property itself offers a downstairs communa...
"A most spacious and well presented two bedroom duplex Apartment, situated within this sought after area offering flexible accommodation, with views over woodland. Accommodation briefly comprising: Entrance Hallway with storage/airing cupboard, open plan Kitchen/Sitting/Dining area, re-f..."
"A larger style Five bedroom mid-terrace home boasting lounge, kitchen/diner, two shower rooms, has HOM status and no onward chain."
"A superb three bedroom semi-detached home, nestled on the fringes of West Worcester boasting secure off-road parking, dining room, lounge, utility WC, no chain and a delightful private garden with garden room. EPC D"
"A stunning and upgraded Grade II Listed apartment in the popular Historic Norton Barracks development. This first floor apartment has been upgraded and enhanced by the current owners, to provide an impressive home. Conveniently located for easy access to M5 Jct 7 and City Centre alon..."
"A very well presented two bedroom end of terrace house, situated within the sought after area of St. Peter's, offering local amenities, schooling, easy access to Worcester City and major transport links. Accommodation briefly comprises: Sitting Room/Dining Area with doors opening to the..."
"Excellent opportunity to purchase a two bedroom Bungalow in the very popular village of Callow End. The property has a lovely feeling to it, but does require some updating throughout. The garden provides a private space with potential. There's space to park to the front of the propert..."
"Property Ref: 11433 This is a fantastic investment opportunity to purchase a fully tenanted, Student HMO in Worcester. This is ..."
"A fantastic and spacious two bedroom duplex Apartment forming part of the popular Albion Mill development, benefiting from lift access, off road parking space and located close to Worcester City centre. Accommodation comprising: Entrance Hall, Cloakroom, Utility Room with store cupboard..."
"***NO CHAIN*** DETACHED TWO BEDROOM BUNGALOW situated in the popular area of ST JOHNS, the accommodation comprises entrance hall, L shaped lounge/dining room, fitted kitchen, there are two double bedrooms, the main bedroom has a fitted double wardrobe, modern shower room, the property benefits fr..."
"This spacious terraced property offers buyers a living room, large dining room, kitchen, downstairs toilet, two double bedrooms and a family bathroom. Further benefits of the property include a utility area, great storage and an enclosed private rear garden. The property is ..."
"Smart, luxurious, light and airy two-bedroom semi-detached with good multi-vehicle driveway to side and front and with garden in this highly favoured location. A really fabulous first-time buy!"
"A much improved and very well presented two bedroom Apartment with a large terrace balcony. Accommodation briefly comprising: Entrance hall, large open plan Kitchen, Dining and Living area with balcony off, Master Bedroom with En-Suite Shower Room, further Bedroom with balcony off and B..."
"A well presented and spacious 2/3 Victorian style semi in convenient location offering good access the City of Worcester, local schools and public transport. The ground floor offers lounge, dining room, guest wc and kitchen. The kitchen is flitted with a range of wall, drawer an..."
"**AN ABSOLUTE MUST VIEW** A spacious, well appointed light and airy 1st floor 2 double bedroom corner apartment with its own private balcony and having a fine outlook to the left over the Basin and towards The Malvern Hills in the distance.
The apartment is situated in a highly sought after resid..."
"A beautifully presented 2 bedroom terraced period home situated along a quiet, no through, road conveniently located for easy access to Worcester city centre and both railway stations. Accommodation comprises: On the ground floor: Sitting Room, Dining Room, Kitchen, Utility Area/Rear Lob..."
"A modern 3rd floor waterside Apartment, situated in the popular Diglis area of Worcester, boasting wonderful views over the River Severn and towards the Malvern Hills. The apartment is serviced via a lift. Accommodation briefly comprises: Large open-plan Sitting Room/Dining Area, Kitch..."
"This beautifully presented top floor apartment is brought to the market with no chain, and is placed in such a prime location with underground parking."
"A two bedroom semi-detached home with dining kitchen, single garage, driveway offering off road parking and generous sized rear garden situated within the popular residential of Lyppard Hanford."
A three bedroom Victorian end of terrace home situated in a central location in Worcester. On the ground floor the lounge is of a good size that offers a bay fronted window. Once through the lounge you gain access to the kitchen diner which has a utility room to the back. The bathroom is al...
"Chain Free two bedroom bungalow in the popular area of 'Lower Wick', just a short walk from all of St John's useful amenities. This well proportioned bungalow briefly comprises entrance hall, kitchen, two bedrooms, living room/dining room, shower room, garage, conservatory, ample off r..."
"Situated within the sought after area of St Johns, well placed for access to Malvern, Worcester City Centre and close to a wide range of local amenities. This charming three bedroom semi-detached home features; Good Sized Laid To Lawn Rear Garden, Driveway Parking & a Conservatory. The pro..."
"Superb period end terrace home in fantastic condition, bosting HMO status for 3 but would make a wonderful home to be lived in with a great size garden and usable cellar room. EPC D"
"A well-presented three bedroom semi-detached home offering modern living accommodation, generous sized driveway offering off road parking for multiple vehicles and enclosed rear garden situated within the popular residential area of Worcester."
Offered for sale with no onward chain is this good size three bedroom semi detached home in the popular location of St Johns.
"Situated in a popular residential area of Worcester is this beautifully presented 3 bedroom terrace home, with a conservatory, garden and off road parking."
A fantastic opportunity to purchase a fully licensed HMO (House of Multiple Occupation) properties with four rooms in total. The property is being offered with no onward chain. The property is listed. Service Charge is £100 pcm. 999 Year Lease. Yield is over 9% *Also...
"Immaculate two bedroom end of terrace with upgraded kitchen and shower room, located in the popular area of St Johns, just a short walk from all of its useful amenities and within a 20 minute walk of Worcester City Centre. In brief the property comprises entrance hall with doors to bot..."
"This spacious semi detached bungalow offers buyers a bright entrance hallway, two double bedrooms, modern bathroom, large living space and a kitchen. Further benefits include a large enclosed rear garden, off street parking and great storage space throughout the property. Th..."
"Swissville is a well presented two double bedroom Victorian mid terrace situated in this popular area of Worcester and within walking distance of local shops and Schools. The spacious accommodation includes Entrance hall, Sitting room, dining room, fitted kitchen and downstairs WC. On ..."
"A charming two bedroom Victorian end of terrace home situated within the highly desirable area of Barbourne. The property which is close to a range of local amenities, briefly comprises; Sitting Room, Dining Room, Fitted Kitchen, Rear Hall & Downstairs Shower Room. On the First Floor; Two ..."
"Recently renovated to the highest standard throughout, this home is in perfect condition, offering a fantastic city centre home suitable for anyone wanting to have easy access to everything that Worcester has to offer. The current owners have created a clean, modern space, but have done a fantast..."
"Connells are delighted to present this three/four bedroom, semi detached, home in the popular area of Tolladine. With a Annexe, book your viewing now!"
"A large one double bedroom retirement apartment for the over 55's, which benefits from a high specification finish and is being sold with no onward chain!!"
"This spacious terraced property offers buyers an entrance hallway, living room, dining room, kitchen area, two great size bedrooms and a modern family bathroom. Further benefits include a downstairs toilet, large rear garden and great storage space throughout the property. T..."
"Fantastic opportunity to purchase a three double bedroom semi detached family home located in the heart of St Johns. The property in brief comprises entrance hall, living room, dining room, kitchen, utility room, downstairs WC, cellar, landing, three bedrooms and family bathroom. ..."
"PLEASE NOTE THE KITCHEN CEILING AND DINING ROOM IS YET TO BE FINISHED AND WILL BE FINISHED PRIOR TO EXCHANGE.Our clients saw the potential in this home and have upgraded everything with no corners cut,with the front to back access and extended kitchen we have no doubt you'll love this transformation"
"Super Smart Top Floor Apartment in a tranquil setting. Overlooking Diglis Docks and with views towards the Malvern Hills and setting sun. Being Top Floor, the apartment has wonderful high ceilings. No Onwards Chain. Independant Rental Valuation £925-£950 PCM"
"A modern home ideal for first time buyers, buy to let landlords or for those looking to downsize. This lovely end-of-terrace property is ideally situated in a fantastic location adjacent to Battenhall Park. The extremely well-proportioned layout makes maximum use of the space, with accommodation..."
"A superb five bedroom, semi-detached HMO nestled within an easy walk of the St Johns University Campus , boasting off-road parking, a great sized open lounge/kitchen/diner and is FULLY LET at £22,649PA. EPC - C"
"Immaculate first floor, two double bedroom apartment with a private balcony, within close proximity of the River Seven. The Property benefits from 2 allocated parking spaces which are located outside (rather than underground), a lift which is conveniently located close to the private ..."
"A great opportunity to acquire a move-in-ready semi-detached home. Situated on a generously sized plot, with spacious garden and large frontage with off road parking. The property also has the huge benefit of having no onward chain! The property briefly comprises; entrance hall, front ..."
"*Chain Free Property*. Set within the popular area of Diglis with easy access to Worcester City Centre, offering stunning canal walks and good transport links. This luxury modern two bedroom first floor apartment features an open plan kitchen/living room with a Juliet balcony, electric under f..."
"An extended three bedroom semi-detached offering two reception rooms, bloc paved driveway offering ample off road parking and generous sized rear garden situated within the popular residential area of Worcester."
"Extended to the rear, creating a stunning open and bright space, this renovated home is an absolute gem in the sought after Arboretum. The property is just a stones throw away from Worcester City Centre, and all of the great shops and restaurants that it has to offer, and is being offered with no..."
"Philip Laney & Jolly Worcester offer to the market a wonderfully presented apartment that is situated in a prestigious converted Grade II listed building, set within the stunning Norton Barracks and conveniently located within close proximity to the Worcester Parkway Station which provides a dire..."
"This apartment is offered to the market with NO CHAIN and TENNANTS IN SITU. Located on the third floor this apartment can be accessed via a lift or stairs, it benefits from captivating views from the Balcony! kitchen is also fitted with integrated appliances."
"Fantastic opportunity for investors, as this well-presented house of multiple occupation has been consistently rented for many years at approximately £1,474 per calender month (a yield in the region of 8%). The ideal layout and lovely feel of the property has seemed to interest second and t..."
An immaculately presented 2 bedroom top floor appartment with views of the river in the desirable Harry Davis Court. The property comprises of an entrance hallway which has ample storage space and gives access to all the rooms. The open plan kitchen living room gives access onto the balcony overl...
"This property comprises of entrance hall into kitchen / diner and large, double aspect lounge on the ground floor. On the first floor you will find the master bedroom with built-in wardrobe, second bedroom that also accommodates a double bed, third bedroom and modern shower room. "
"A perfect opportunity to purchase a two bedroom property which is being offered with no onward chain. The property is neutrally decorated throughout making this a perfect for someone to put their own stamp on. Close to the city, train stations and all local amenities this is the perfect f..."
***POPULAR LOCATION - THREE BEDROOMS - SEMI DETACHED FAMILY HOME*** Leaders are pleased to present to market this contemporary styled three bedroom semi-detached corner plot family home situated within very sought after location of Worcester. Being with close proximity to m...
"A highly charming and well presented two bedroom late Victorian mid-terrace home situated within the highly desirable area of Northwick. The property which is close to good schools and a range of local amenities, briefly comprises; Entrance Hall, Dining Room, Sitting Room with period cupboards..."
"*****************NO CHAIN******************* Leaders are pleased to present to market with no onward chain this contemporary styled two bedroom mid terrace home situated within a cul-de-sac position in the sought after location of St Peters, Worcester. Being close to many local ameniti..."
"A spacious 36 x 20 two bedroom ""Stately Albion Chatsworth Gold Park Home"", situated in the popular Wheatfield Park development in the village of Callow End and benefiting and from allocated parking space and a generous plot. The Park Home is offered fully furnished. Accommodation briefl..."
"Situated within the popular residential area of WR5, close to Worcester Royal Hospital and good transport links. This modern style two bedroom end of terrace home is nestled on a quiet cul-de-sac location and features a lovely laid to lawn rear garden and one parking space to the front. The pr..."
"A three bedroom end-terraced house, situated on the outskirts of Worcester City centre. The property comprises lounge, dining room, kitchen, bathroom, conservatory and three bedrooms. The property further benefits from a courtyard rear garden."
"Offered with No Onward Chain, this well-extended three-bedroom home in the sought after location of St Johns has the unique selling point of having two sizable reception rooms, as well as a multi-functional side extension. The property briefly comprises; entrance hall, lounge, dining r..."
"Flat 1, Parian House is a stunning ground floor apartment, one of only sixteen in this converted building which was completed in 2018. Situated in a desirable waterside area of Diglis it overlooks the canal and is within a stones throw of the City centre. The property benefits from a service entr..."
This deceptively spacious three bedroom Victorian Semi-detached home is located to the East of Worcester and within a short distance of the City Centre and junction 6 of the M5. The property is offered with no onward chain and is an ideal First Time or investment purchase. The property comprise...
"Two bedroomed terraced property in the ever popular Warndon Villages which offers good access to the M5 motorway, Worcester Royal Hospital and the City Centre. Early internal viewing is advised but in short the property comprises; entrance lobby, spacious sitting room, contemporary fitt..."
An extended period property that has recently been redecorated and re carpeted throughout making this an ideal first time purchase. Conveniently located within walking distance to the City centre and all of the local amenities this versatile property is a must view. The accommodation compri...
A beautiful bright and spacious one bedroom retirement apartment on the ground floor of our prestigious Retirement Living development.
Offered for sale with no onward chain is this spacious top floor apartment with gas central heating & double glazing. Call now to arrange a viewing.
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious period property on Albert Road, WR5. Ideally located for Worcester City Centre, J7 of the M5 motorway network & Shrub Hill train station."
"A well presented two bedroom mid terrace home with conservatory, allocated off road parking for two vehicles and enclosed low maintenance garden situated within the popular residential location in Berkeley Alford."
"This recently renovated, conveniently located period property within walking distance of the city centre is offered for sale with no onward chain. The property comprises, sitting room, dining room and kitchen. To the first floor there are two bedrooms and a separate bathroom. To the rear is a ..."
"** NO ONWARD CHAIN** GARAGE PARKING ** A well presented two bedroom mid-terraced home located in the ever popular Warndon Villages area of Worcester, giving great access to all local amenities, the M5 Motorway and Worcester Royal Infirmary. This well appointed property briefly comprises: entran..."
A well presented one bedroom retirement apartment on the second floor in the popular location of Barbourne. This property must be viewed to fully appreciate it. Call the office to book a viewing today!!
"*** LOOK NO FURTHER*** This well - presented terraced property must be seen to be appreciated. Viewers will find an entrance hall, large kitchen / diner and spacious living room as well as a conservatory and under stairs storage cupboard. On the first floor you have the landing with doo..."
"This immaculately presented two bedroom apartment is finished to a high specification and offers stunning views towards the Malvern Hills. The property is a perfect opportunity for first time buyers and investors alike,the property comes with a long lease and low service charges."
"A period terraced property overlooking Diglis Park with two Bedrooms, offering easy access to the City centre. Accommodation briefly comprising: Sitting Room, Kitchen Diner. On the first floor: Two Bedrooms and a Bathroom. Outside: The property benefits from a low maintenanc..."
"A well-presented two bedroom apartment with en-suite and a spacious open plan living / dining / kitchen area in the sought after Diglis area, in close proximity to the city centre. This apartment has a balcony and is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN!"
"This two bedroom home within the highly sought after WR3 area, is situated at the end of a quiet cul-de-sac off of Gregory Mills Street. The home is being offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"This spacious second floor apartment comprises of; open plan sitting room/kitchen, two double bedrooms with ensuite to bedroom one as well as a family bathroom. The property benefits from allocated parking, gas central heating, double glazing and is offered for sale with no onward chain. To be..."
"This spacious, CHAIN FREE, terraced house offers buyers an entrance hallway, large living room, kitchen diner, three spacious bedrooms and a family bathroom. Further benefits include an enclosed rear garden with rear access, en-bloc garage and also great storage space throughout the pr..."
"A spacious and stylish contemporary apartment within an historic Grade II listed building. This wonderful home is being offered with no upward chain and has spacious and immaculately presented accommodation, with a welcoming hallway, a generous-sized living room, a stylish fitted kitchen and two..."
"Offered with no onward chain - Situated in the ever popular Worcester area of St Peters this terraced home offers 2 bed accommodation with kitchen, spacious lounge/diner, sun room and bathroom. There is an enclosed garden to the rear and off road parking."
Philip Laney & Jolly Worcester are delighted to offer a wonderfully appointed and presented two double bedroom apartment overlooking the communal gardens to the rear. Whiston Court is a prestigious development of purpose built retirement homes in White Ladies Close within easy access to the centr...
"** ONLY PLOTS 1,3,4 & 5 LEFT ** This unique and striking development is in the heart of the city surrounded by fantastic bars and restaurants, and on the same road as Worcester Foregate Street Station. Arden Estates are delighted to bring these exclusive and sop..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN** A superb, beautifully presented and very well appointed 2 bedroom ground floor duplex apartment within the prominent K1 building and walking distance to the City Centre and Train Station.
The stylish , spacious light and airy accommodation comprises communal entrance hall, pr..."
"IMMEDIATE MOVE AVAILABLE: Smart, light, comfortable and airy 2nd floor BALCONY-APARTMENT in this fine Diglis setting with private parking and easy guest parking spaces. No chain"
"Situated within the popular residential area of Red Hill, close to Worcester City Centre, Perry Wood Local Nature Reserve & Good Transport Links. This highly charming double fronted two bedroom Victorian mid-terrace home features an off road parking space to the rear and a good sized enclo..."
Take a look at this unique top-floor apartment situated in the Battenhall area of Worcester. Beautifully presented throughout and conveniently located to access Worcester's vibrant city centre. Accommodation includes a stunning open plan living/dining/kitchen area.
"A superb and well presented modern style two bedroom ground floor apartment situated within the sought after area of St Johns. The property which is nestled on a quiet Bloor homes new build residential estate and is opposite a children's play area, briefly comprises; Entrance Hall, Kitche..."
"A unique opportunity to acquire a retirement bungalow situated close to the city centre and finished and refurbished to a high standard throughout. The property which was refurbished extensively in 2018 and comprises double glazed windows and doors, electric night storage heating, refitted kit..."
"The one bedroom Bayswater is an ideal home for those looking to step onto the property ladder or as a investment opportunity. The entrance opens up to the downstairs toilet, leading to the spacious living room and separate kitchen, featuring handy storage spaces throughout. Upstairs, y..."
"A convenient ground floor, two bedroom and two bathroom Apartment within the sought after Harry Davis Court development alongside the River Severn. Benefiting from 2 under croft parking spaces and offering easy access to the City, riverside walks and transport links. Accommodation brief..."
"***5 Ludstock Close, Worcester WR5 2NF. We are acting in the sale of the above property and have received an offer of £185,500 on the above property.*** This three bedroom mid terraced shared ownership leasehold property is being staircased to 100% on completion and will revert t..."
"A well-presented, two bedroom Victorian home, with two well sized reception rooms and private courtyard garden. This property offers plenty of scope to add your own personal touch and would be perfect for all first time buyers and investors. The ground floor briefly comprises; entrance..."
"A well loved family home in need of some TLC. The property is located North-west of the City of Worcester giving good access to the City Centre which host a range of retail, hospitality and leisure outlets, along with two train stations and the M5 motorway. The property is also perfectly situated..."
This two bedroom mid terrace property is located in a cul-de-sac position and is an ideal First Time or investment purchase. The property is offered with no onward chain. The accommodation consists of an entrance hall which leads through to the kitchen and lounge with dining area. The kitchen ha...
"This property comprises of entrance hall, spacious kitchen, lounge / diner and store cupboards on the ground floor. On the first floor you will find a large landing with doors leading off to the master bedroom, second bedroom and third bedroom as well as the family bathroom. "
"Just off the Tything and very close to St Georges Primary School, Gheluvelt Park and an easy stroll to the Canal. The current owner has undertaken a programme of works which include; New Flooring throughout, rewiring, plastering of the downstairs rooms and new heating"
*** OPEN HOUSE VIEWINGS THIS SATURDAY 10th DECEMBER - PLEASE CALL ASAP TO BOOK IN TO AVOID DISAPPOINTMENT*** An excellent opportunity to purchase this lovely two bedroom cottage style property situated at the end of the cul-de-sac. The property is approached by a driveway pr...
"A modernised and extended Victorian terrace home situated within an extremely convenient location to the north-east of Worcester City centre. This is a fantastic example of an extended Victorian property, which has been much improved by the current owners. The versatile accommodation is arranged..."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN ** A spacious 2 double bedroom ground floor apartment situated in a popular residential area close to local amenities and being within walking distance to the City Centre.
The accommodation comprises communal entrance hall, private reception hall, inner hallway , large lounge/di..."
"We are very pleased to offer this ground floor, spacious apartment, situated within a small development located in the pretty village of Hallow. The accommodation benefits from two double bedrooms, communal gardens, off road parking and a garage."
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire a particularly spacious two bedroom top floor Apartment, situated in a quiet North Worcester location, benefiting from two off road parking spaces. Accommodation comprising: Entrance Hall, Living Room, Kitchen, Master Bedroom with En-Suite Shower Room, ..."
** RETIREMENT APARTMENT FOR SALE ** Philip Laney & Jolly Worcester are delighted to offer a wonderfully appointed one bedroom first floor apartment situated in the unique Whiston Court complex. Whiston Court is a prestigious development of purpose built retirement homes in White Ladies Close with...
"***LANDLORDS OR FIRST TIME BUYERS*** Leaders are pleased to present to market with no onward chain this excellent opportunity to purchase this well presented one bedroom coach house situated within the popular residential area of Warndon Villages, Worcester. Being within cl..."
"This CHAIN FREE property offers buyers an entrance hall, spacious lounge with views overlooking the green and tree lined road, modern kitchen, bedroom and shower room. The rear garden is mainly laid to lawn but also features a gravelled area at the rear making it ideal for summer enter..."
"A deceptively spacious two bedroom end terrace property situated on Astwood Road, just a short distance from the City Centre, which boasts a range of retail, leisure and hospitality outlets. The property is situated over two floors, the ground floor comprises, large entrance hallway, ..."
"A light and spacious apartment offering fantastic City living within an aesthetically pleasing historic listed building. This bright and airy apartment is 1 of just 24 unique homes within the building and offers well-appointed accommodation within, including two double bedrooms, an open-plan kit..."
"***ON SALE BY MODERN METHOD OF SALE, ONLINE AUCTION THURSDAY 6TH APRIL***This three bedroom semi-detached home is located within the Lansdowne area and offered with no onward chain. The property requires refurbishment and offers potential to extend subject to the relevant building regulations and..."
"RETIREMENT PROPERTY: This first floor, one-bedroom apartment is extremely well presented, having been completely re-decorated and boasting brand new carpets in a very up to date style."
***NO ONWARD CHAIN*** Martin&Co are pleased to offer a beautifully presented corner plot apartment located in the heart of Worcester City Centre. Sited on the third floor with a wrap-around balcony the apartment offers uninterrupted and far reaching views over the River Severn. Conveniently l...
A unique opportunity to purchase this well-presented one bedroom end of terrace bungalow with private enclosed rear garden and en-bloc single garage situated within the popular residential area of Worcester. NO ONWARD CHAIN!
"A superb two double bedroom duplex apartment offered with share of freehold, with balcony, stunning open views, secure off-road parking, and is offered with no onward chain. EPCtbc"
"RETIREMENT PROPERTY: A spacious, South-facing, first floor apartment which is very bright and sunny due to its position. Open to sensible offers and negotiations."
"A mid terrace house situated within a popular residential area of Worcester close to local amenities, transport links and Worcester City Centre The property has two receptions rooms kitchen, three bedrooms, bathroom. It beneifits from gas fired central heating, uPVC double glazing and invites ..."
"A one bedroom retirement flat in the very sought after complex of Eastbank Court. With fantastic local amenities and a great community, this flat must be viewed to appreciate. Call the office today to book a viewing!!"
"A modern two bedroom ground floor Apartment, benefiting from private allocated parking space, situated in the popular Diglis area within easy reach of Worcester City centre. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall with spacious cupboard off, open-plan Living Room/Kitchen, Master ..."
** RETIREMENT APARTMENT FOR SALE ** Philip Laney & Jolly Worcester are delighted to offer this very well presented one bedroom second floor apartment situated in the unique Whiston Court complex. Whiston Court is a highly prestigious development of purpose built retirement homes in White Ladies C...
"A large one double bedroom retirement apartment for the over 55's, which benefits from a high specification finish and is being sold with no onward chain!! UTILITY BILLS & HOMEMADE DAILY MEAL INCLUDED WITHIN THE MONTHLY LIVING COSTS!"
"RETIREMENT PROPERTY: A West facing, one bedroom apartment situated on the top floor of the building over-looking the communal gardens."
"FastMove are proud to present this deceptively spacious and well presented two bedroom property, positioned in a popular residential location."
"Offered for sale with no onward chain is this well presented ground floor apartment, within walking distance to the City centre, with its own private entrance and one allocated parking space."
"PUBLIC NOTICE - 41 Bevington Court, Crossley Road, Worcester, WR5 3GF - We have received an offer of £168,525.00. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange of contracts takes place. EPC Rating B This two bedroom secon..."
"An exceptionally well presented two double bedroom Penthouse apartment in located in the sought after location of Northwick which offers good access to the M5 motorway, City of Worcester and local amenities. In brief the apartment comprises open plan lounge, dining and kitchen areas. The kitchen ..."
"A most spacious and beautifully presented one bedroom ground floor retirement Apartment available for those over the age of 65, forming part of an exclusive development within the Northwick area of Worcester. NO ONWARD CHAIN Accommodation briefly comprising: Entrance Hall, spacious Lou..."
"RETIREMENT PROPERTY: A spacious and bright one-bedroom apartment on the ground floor, close to the communal areas within the complex. The lounge/dining room has a feature fireplace, wall lights and French doors leading out on to a patio and the well-kept communal gardens. Double bedroom..."
"RETIREMENT PROPERTY: A one-bedroom first floor apartment situated near the lift, library, and on-site salon."
"*** CASH BUYERS ONLY*** A well presented, light and airy two bedroom apartment set within the Grade II listed Norton Barracks, benefiting from allocated parking, situated in the popular location of Norton. Accommodation briefly comprising: Communal Entrance Lobby, Entrance Hall, Spacious..."
Tucked just off Britannia Square this move-in-ready apartment is located in a secure and safe environment for the over 60's! Offering full independent living with an on-site manager should further assistance be required.
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a brand-new three-bedroom home on the south side of Worcester bordering Kempsey village. Being sold on a part buy, part rent basis. The properties are being sold on a part-buy, part-rent basis with a 50% to 75% share available to purchase initially. There are ..."
"RETIREMENT PROPERTY: A bright one-bedroom apartment, situated on the first floor. The apartment is finished neutrally with new carpets being installed as well."
"A modern two-bedroom apartment ideally located within Worcester City centre, with its superb amenities and transport links. This wonderful apartment has well-proportioned accommodation within, including two bedrooms, a bathroom, a living room and a fitted kitchen. Outside, there is a garage en..."
Philip Laney & Jolly are delighted to offer this wonderfully presented one bedroom GROUND FLOOR apartment situated in an enviable location right in the City Centre and within easy walking distance to all local amenities in the centre. The property is accessed through a secure communal entran...
"The central location was the selling factor for our client when she came to purchase this property in 2008, since then she has lived in the property and successfully rented it out. So we know it will be successful whatever your plans may be with this spacious flat."
A recently refurbished spacious first floor maisonette located moments from the much sought after area of Battenhall convenient to all local amenities and with easy access to the City centre. The accommodation in brief comprises entrance hall with stairs leading to first floor landing with ...
"RETIREMENT PROPERTY: A well maintained, quiet, one-bedroom apartment situated on the first floor. The accommodation includes a lounge with a modern feature fireplace, French doors, and Juliet balcony. The fitted kitchen has integrated appliances including a washer/dryer..."
"This two bedroom second floor apartment is located within the boundaries of the City Centre and is offered with no onward chain. The property consists of an entrance hall which leads through to the lounge, two bedrooms and bathroom. The 14ft lounge has patio doors leading out onto a balcony and o..."
"A well presented and spacious one double bedroom ground floor apartment within the popular Diglis location benefiting from allocated parking, large open plan living/dining/kitchen and fitted wardrobes in the bedroom. Ideal location for city access and river/canalside walks!"
"A two bedroom 1st floor Apartment, benefiting from allocated undercover off road parking space and situated within Worcester City centre. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, open-plan Living Room/Kitchen, two Bedrooms and Bathroom. Outside: Undercover parking space..."
"*** Investors or landlords only as tenant currently in situ *** A very well presented and deceptively spacious one bedroom top floor Apartment, situated in the heart of the City with views towards Worcester Cathedral. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, large open-plan Kitch..."
"A traditional terraced home in a great location for access to the city centre and train stations! The property offers potential for refurbishment, making it a perfect purchase for First Time Buyers and Investors alike!"
"OPEN HOUSE - Friday 7th April, contact us for details. A three bedroom mid terrace home in need of refurbishment situated within a popular residential area of Worcester. Further details to follow..."
"When our client chose this beautiful apartment nearly 10 years ago, she was spoilt for choice due to it being a newly completed complex. She chose this one due to the outlook over the side of the building where she could people watch from her Juliet balcony."
Chancellors Estate Agents are pleased to welcome to the market this ground floor apartment Presented as a great opportunity for investors and first time buyers. Along with an allocated parking space for one vehicle.
"This apartment has been well maintained and is modern throughout, ready to move straight into. Situated on the first floor, the private apartment has views over Eastbank Drive from the Juliet balcony. The apartment is being sold with NO ONWARD CHAIN."
"A desirable apartment situated within a Grade II listed building within easy access of the M5 motorway. comprising, communal entrance, sitting room, kitchen, two bedrooms & bathroom with electric heating throughout. The property further benefits from off road parking as well as being withi..."
"Two Studio apartments for sale.  A very rare opportunity to purchase both ground and first floor, fully self contained studio apartments. This is a freehold purchase of the whole building. Rental income potential of £450 per studio. Each studio is independently metered for elec..."
"RETIREMENT PROPERTY: A well-situated and well-presented one-bedroom, first floor retirement apartment, forming part of the exclusive Eastbank Court development in the popular Northwick area of Worcester."
"Retirement Property: A bright and sunny ground floor, one bedroom apartment, close to amenities within the complex. The apartment consists of a large living area with a modern feature fireplace and French doors opening onto a patio area..."
"A well presented two bedroom ground floor apartment situated close to amenities including schools, library, doctors, supermarkets and bus routes. The property has gas fired central heating, uPVC double glazing and is offered with no onward chain."
"A charming one bedroom top floor apartment situated in a converted Victorian home. This property benefits from garden and off road parking. Must be viewed to appreciate the location. 
"
"National Residential is proud to offer this highly sought-after 2-bedroom apartment, located in the heart of Worcester City Centre. Ideal for investors, the apartment is currently tenanted until 2024 and offers a fantastic investment opportunity."
"**NO ONWARD CHAIN - SOLD WITH A LONG LEASE** A smart, well appointed 1st floor City Centre apartment within a sought after and secure gated development within walking distance to the Train Station and the High Street where there are extensive shops, bars and restaurants readily available.
This is..."
City Centre living beckons with this fantastic 1 bedroom apartment - further accommodation includes a bathroom and spacious open plan living/kitchen/dining area. Further benefits include gated secure parking. Offered with no onward chain.
Located in Worcester's vibrant town centre this one bedroom apartment benefits from secondary glazing to ensure the noise level is low whilst being in the heart of the action!The property has a Balcony overlooking Cathedral Square with an open plan kitchen/dining/living area with modern facilities.
"A fantastic apartment situated on the outskirts of Worcester City Centre within a period building and benefiting from having off road parking. Briefly comprising of living room, kitchen diner, double bedroom and bathroom. Ideal for first time buyer or investment opportunity."
"RETIREMENT PROPERTY: A spacious first floor flat with a bright and sunny, South-facing aspect. The large living and dining area features French doors which open onto a Juliet balcony overlooking the well-kept communal gardens. The apartment also includes a fully fitted kitchen..."
"**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY** Martin&Co are pleased to offer this well presented and recently updated first floor apartment which is located within walking distance of the City Centre, railway stations and associated amenities. The property greatly benefits from not only allocated parking but a ..."
"This pleasantly presented One Bedroom, First Floor apartment is on offer with NO ONWARD CHAIN and offer modern accommodation throughout. The property offers an entrance hallway, Open Plan Kitchen Living area, a Large double bedroom with fitted wardrobes and a modern Bathroom with 3 piece suite. <..."
*ATTENTION INVESTORS! TENANT SECURED @ £600PCM OFFERING 5.5% YIELD!* Leaders are pleased to present this ideal investment opportunity in the heart of the city centre. This one bedroom apartment offers spacious living accommodation and benefits from all of the amenities and transp...
"A brilliant opportunity for an INVESTOR to buy a 2 bedroom ground floor apartment with Sitting Tenants, situated in Blackpole. This apartment offers an open plan living room, kitchen and access to communal gardens, parking space for one car and easy access to all local amenities! Cash buyer only!"
"***ATTENTION LANDLORDS - TENANT IN SITU UNTIL NOVEMBER 2023 PAYING £550 PCM*** Leaders are pleased to present to market with no onward chain this contemporary styled one bedroom ground floor city centre apartment situated within the popular development of Pierpoint Court, Worcest..."
Philip Laney & Jolly are pleased to present to the market this GROUND FLOOR apartment situated conveniently and within walking distance to the City Centre and Worcester Shrub Hill train station. The apartment is accessed via a communal secure entrance with the accomodation comprising entranc...
"Loft apartment located centrally to St Johns with views over the church cemetery to the rear and amenities on the door step. The apartment itself is a unique and quirky loft conversion with one bedroom, a lounge, shower room, modern kitchen and a multipurpose room, currently a study."
INVESTORS ONLY - TENANT IN SITU: Philip Laney & Jolly Worcester offer to the market an ideal investment purchase with tenant already in situ that benefits from well maintained communal grounds and allocated parking. The top floor apartment is situated in the ever popular area of St Peters offerin...
Philip Laney & Jolly Worcester offer to the market an ideal first time or investment purchase that benefits from well maintained communal grounds and allocated parking. The ground floor apartment is situated in the ever popular area of St Peters offering good access to local amenities and the mot...
"Connells welcome this one bedroom first floor flat to the market, comprising; entrance hall, living/ dining room, kitchen, bedroom and bathroom. The property benefits from having double glazing and its fantastic location where you are just a short walk from the city centre, this must be seen!"
"Stylish apartment in the heart of the city centre A great opportunity to purchase this one bedroom apartment in Worcester's city centre. From the entrance hall doors lead in to the open plan lounge/dining area, which has tall ceilings and a large sash window to the front which allows lots of na..."
"This briefly comprises entrance hall, open plan kitchen/living area, bedroom and bathroom. The property is located within a short walk of useful amenities, including Sainsburys, the local libary and Worcester City Centre. Fantastic investment property with a potential renta..."
"***LANDLORDS ONLY - TENANT IN SITU PAYING £470 PCM OFFERING AN ESTIMATED YIELD OF 5.1%*** Leaders are pleased to present to market with no onward chain this contemporary styled one bedroom first floor apartment situated in the popular residential area of St Peter's, Worcester. "
INVESTORS ONLY - TENANT IN SITU: Philip Laney & Jolly are pleased to present to the market an ideal investment purchase with tenant already in situ. This first floor apartment is situated conveniently and within walking distance to the City Centre and Worcester Shrub Hill train station. The ...
"COMING SOON - SHARED OWNERSHIP - KENSINGTON GATE, WORCESTERwhg are proud to present a selection of two and three bedroom homes in Worcester built by REDROW. Homes are expected to be built December 2023.Contact us TODAY to register your interest in these beautiful homes."
"A GREAT opportunity to aquire this perfect INVESTOR flat! With a 6% rental yield, or easy access with first time buyers, This property cannot be missed! There are all local amenities on the doorstep, the M5 is a short distance away. Book your viewing now on ! Cash buyers!"
Philip Laney & Jolly Worcester offer to the market an ideal investment or first time purchase. This ground floor one bedroom apartment is situated in a convenient location within walking distance to a range of local amenities. The property is accessed via the communal entrance and comprises of; b...
"A first floor apartment situated close to amenities, Worcester City Centre and M5 motorway. The property has sitting/dining room, balcony, kitchen, bathroom. There is a communal garden and benefits from gas fired central heating and uPVC double glazing. CALL THE OFFICE ON !!"
"CASH BUYERS ONLY A very well presented one bedroom apartment situated in the Heart of Worcester City Centre within just a short stroll of the many retail, leisure and hospitality amenities Worcester has to offer, as well as the superb Cathedral. An internal viewing is highly recommended. In ..."
"A fantastic ground floor apartment with off-road parking within easy reach of Worcester city centre. 157a is a lovely apartment that requires some updating and occupies the ground floor of this stunning Victorian property. The apartments accommodation includes a bedroom, kitchen, bathroom, re..."
"A one bedroom Park Home available to those over the age of 60, benefiting from generous driveway, private garden and enjoying views over open countryside to the rear, situated on the popular Sunnyside Park development. Accommodation briefly comprises: Entrance Hall, Living Room, Kitchen..."
"Situated within Pearl House this first floor flat is situated close to local amenities and transport links - this is the perfect investment for any buyer. The property in brief comprises; open plan living/kitchen area, two bedrooms and bathroom. This property is being offered wi..."
"**INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY**INVESTORS ONLY**TENANT IN SITU** Martin&Co are pleased to offer this modern first floor apartment situated within a converted building, in the heart of Worcester City Cente and just a short walk to Foregate Street Railway Station. The property briefly comprises: en..."
** RETIREMENT APARTMENT FOR SALE ** Philip Laney & Jolly Worcester offer to the market a much improved RETIREMENT APARTMENT situated in a most sought after location close to local amenities designed for the active retired aged 60 years and over. Accessed via stairs or lift the exceptionally well...
"National Residential are thrilled to present this stunning 1-bedroom apartment in the heart of Worcester City Centre. Available to both investors and first-time buyers, this property is an excellent opportunity to own a piece of this vibrant and bustling city."
"Two bedroom apartment conveniently located in WR1, just a short walk from Worcester City Centre, Shrub Hill Train Station and Foregate Train Station. The property briefly comprises entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, shower room and two bedrooms. The property benefits fro..."
This development was built in 2015 and makes up 57 apartments in the block. It is available for anyone over 55 years of age and is located on the second floor. The purchase price of this property is for a 60% share. Charges per month given February 2023: Rent £182.41 ...
"An excellent opportunity to purchase this ground floor apartment situated within the popular area of Arboretum and within easy walking distance of Worcester city centre and Foregate Street Railway station. The apartment comprises : Communal entrance hall, front door to wntrance hall , ..."
"Being Sold by YOPA Online Auction. Starting Bids from £85,000. Buy it now option available Please call or visit YOPA Online Auctions for more information"
A GROUND FLOOR ONE BEDROOM RETIREMENT APARTMENT WITH PATIO DOOR LEADING TO COMMUNAL GARDENS BENIFITTING FROM BEING RE-PAINTED AND NEW CARPETS THROUGHOUT. Gheluvelt Court is ideally situated opposite Gheluvelt Park with walks leading down to the River. Benefiting from a host of amenities nearby ...
"**RETIREMENT APARTMENT ** Enjoying a convenient sought after location within easy reach of the local amenities with views to the rear overlooking the communal garden with a path to St Georges Square giving access to the Church. This is a well maintained first floor apartment, for the actively..."
***LONG LEASE*** Great opportunity to purchase a top floor apartment in the middle of Worcester City offered with no onward chain. The property would make an ideal buy to let investment or a convenient home for anyone that wants to live in central Worcester. Investor note: Potent...
"A well presented one bedroom first floor retirement apartment situated within the highly desirable location of Barbourne. The apartment forms part of a McCarthy and Stone retirement complex and offers all the communal amenities you would expect to include; Communal Residents Lounge, Laundry Ro..."
"A quirky and characterful one bedroom top floor Apartment. The property benefits from a share of the Freehold and pleasant communal gardens. Accommodation briefly comprises: Kitchen, Bedroom, Shower Room, Living Area and Utility Cupboard. Outside: Charming communal gardens.<..."
"***PUBLIC NOTICE - PUBLIC NOTICE - 19 St. Clements Court, Worcester, Worcestershire, WR2 5NW - We have received an offer of £ 90,000.00. Any interested parties must submit any higher offers in writing to the selling agent before an exchange of contracts takes place. EPC Rating (D) ***This ..."
"***For sale by the Modern Method of Auction*** A perfect opportunity to acquire this brilliant INVESTMENT!! The property has all local amenities on the doorstep, the M5 a short distance away so book your viewing now to avoid missing out! CALL US NOW!! Cash buyers only!!"
3 BED HOMES AVAILABLE FOR SHARED OWNERSHIP - READY FOR THE SUMMER!
"An ideally located one bedroom retirement apartment with potential for refurbishment. The property is situated on the second floor, which can be accessed by lift. The development offers access to communal areas, including lounge, conservatory and mature gardens."
"A second floor Retirement Apartment in need of some modernisation situated in a prestigious and convenient location to the North of Worcester City Centre close to good transport links and local facilities. The accommodation briefly comprises; Entrance Hall, Sitting/Dining Room, Kitchen, Utilit..."
"A delightful, ground floor retirement apartment with access to the communal gardens , secure off-road parking and is sold with no chain. EPCtbc"
2 BED HOMES AVAILABLE FOR SHARED OWNERSHIP - READY FOR THE SUMMER!
"A first floor retirement apartment for over 60's, enjoying a convenient sought after location within easy reach of the local amenities of Barbourne. Views to the rear overlooking the communal garden with path to St Georges Square giving access to the Church. NO ONWARD CHAIN EPC - B."
"Stunning retirement 1 and 2 bedroom apartments in this flagship residence nestled on the outskirts of Worcester boasting superb community facilities, an onsite restaurant and landscaped gardens."
"A well-proportioned one bedroom shared ownership retirement apartment situated in a modern complex on the south side of Worcester. Being offered to the market with no chain, this spacious apartment is being sold with a 25% share and resides in this new extra care site for over 55s with additional..."
We are excited to bring to market this fantastic one bedroom apartment in Crookbarrow View. This is a fantastic extra care site in Worcester exclusively for residents over the age of 55. This apartment being sold at a 25% share basis.
We are excited to bring to market this fantastic one bedroom apartment in Crookbarrow View. This is a fantastic extra care site in Worcester exclusively for residents over the age of 55. This apartment being sold at a 25% share basis. Please call to arrange a time to visit the site wit...
Strategic Land available - Kempsey - Call the auctioneer to discuss a pre-auction purchase.
