Summary
"A well presented two bedroom mid terrace property within walking distance of Wrexham city centre. Situated in the heart of the city centre there are an array of amenities close to hand and has excellent access to the A483 for commuting. In brief the property comprises of; lounge, dining room and ..."
"Set within an exclusive development of 6 individually designed properties, this is an impressively spacious and well presented 4 bedroom, 2 bathroom detached property that must be viewed to be fully appreciated. This exemplary family home offers stylishly presented and superbly appointed living a..."
Presented in immaculate condition is this spacious 4/5 bedroom detached family home on a corner plot overlooking the green within the highly sought after area known as Green Park adjoining the picturesque National Trust Parkland of Erddig. With both primary and secondary schools within walking di...
"Retaining a wealth of architectural features, this five bedroom and three bathroom detached family residence has been skillfully extended in previous years to encompass an impressive recreation room and hub of the house kitchen area with open plan dining area and utility off as well as retaining ..."
""" VIEWING IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"" We are DELIGHTED TO OFFER FOR SALE this BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED Four/ Five Bedroom Detached Family Home with off road parking, garage, good sized garden to the rear with Garden Room. Situated in a highly sought after location within walking distance of the pictu..."
"Reid and Roberts Estate Agents are absolutely delighted to offer this Extended Four Bedroom Detached Family Home located in the sought after area of Garden Village. The Property offers versatile accommodation to comprise of Entrance Hallway, Downstairs WC, Modern Fitted Kitchen/Diner, L..."
"Welcome to 29 St. Mellion crescent, a well presented fully renovated 4 bedroom detached property. Situated in the popular and residential estate of the Fairways. Only a short drive onto the A483, connecting the property to Chester, Oswestry, North Wales and beyond. Additionally the property is only"
"An immaculately presented 4 double bedroom detached family home with conservatory and double garage in a cul de sac position on the sought after residential development known as The Fairways just a short drive from the city centre and close to amenities. Built as part of Redrow's Heritage Range, ..."
An immaculately presented 4 bedroom detached family home with detached double garage offering spacious accommodation located in the sought after area of Garden Village within a small select development of just 2 other similar properties. Enjoying views towards Minera mountain from the rear and ad...
AN IMMACULATELY PRESENTED UPGRADED AND EXTENDED DETACHED FOUR BEDROOM / TWO BATHROOM BUNGALOW IN A SOUGHT AFTER CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION BY ACTON PARK ON THE CHESTER SIDE OF TOWN. EPC RATING - 55|D.
"**WOW! WHAT AN OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE A SUBSTANTIAL FAMILY HOME WITH EARNING POTENTIAL OF 2 MAISONETTES BOTH INDIVIDUALLY REGISTERED AND CURRENTLY HAVE TENANTS IN SITUE WITH A MONTHLY RENTAL INCOME OF OVER £1000 BETWEEN THEM BOTH** This superb, individually designed family home offers impres..."
NO CHAIN - AN INDIVIDUAL DETACHED RESIDENCE PROVIDING SPACIOUS (1862 SQ.FT.) TWO RECEPTION / FIVE BEDROOM ACCOMMODATION STANDING IN A CUL-DE-SAC IN A SOUGHT AFTER RESIDENTIAL LOCATION CONTAINING A MIX OF PROPERTY TYPES BY ACTON PARK. EPC RATING - 61|D.
"A spacious 4 bedroom detached family home presented to an excellent standard with double garage, superbly positioned within this popular development adjoining a tree lined open space that provides a county park style setting together with a south facing and private rear garden. The accommodation ..."
An immaculately presented 4 bedroom detached family home with spacious conservatory overlooking the south facing rear garden located within the highly sought development of Coed y Glyn within walking distance of the picturesque Erddig National Trust Parkland and both Primary and Secondary Schools...
"Welcome to this beautiful 3 storey family home, set in the private development of Howards Field, close to Erddig Hall and the National Trust Estate. This detached home has 5 bedrooms, and benefits from 2 ensuites and a fantastic double garage with parking to the rear. Well presented thr..."
"Located in the highly desirable sought after suburb of Wrexham is this detached dormer-bungalow which sits on a generous, sized plot in an enviable elevated position at the top of Snowdon Drive, having a significant well sized rear garden enjoying a lovely sunny aspect. In brief, the property com..."
"An immaculately presented four double bedroom detached family home set within the popular residential development known as The Fairways. With spacious flexible living spaces , modern en-suite and bathroom and beautiful gardens and garage, this property would be ideal for the growing family."
"Situated in this popular and sought after location is this substantial 5 bedroom detached family home which occupies a large corner plot with internal accommodation to briefly comprise entrance porch, entrance hall, lounge, dining room, inner hall, dining room, fitted kitchen with integrated appl..."
"A well presented four double bedroom, two reception room, detached house situated in a highly sought-after modern development. With a double garage and ample off road parking, the property also benefits from a large kitchen/breakfast room and two en-suite shower rooms. EPC Rating - 72|C."
"**** REDUCED BY MOTIVATED SELLER ***** Reid and Roberts Estate and Letting Agents are delighted to offer this Spacious Five Bedroom Victorian, Semi-detached Family Home, situated close to the City Centre within the Erddig District Conservation Area. Local amenities include St. Giles Prim..."
"A unique opportunity to purchase a spacious 3 bedroom detached bungalow with attic room set within large gardens of approximately 0.3 acres that includes ample parking and 3 garages. Located in the convenient and popular Borras area with its excellent link roads, shops, schools and picturesque pu..."
"A superbly presented and spacious 3 double bedroom detached bungalow with en-suite bathroom and partial far reaching views that has been recently renovated to an excellent standard by the current owner. Situated in the sought after area of Acton, close to a wide range of amenities, bus service an..."
"A traditionally built four bedroom DETACHED home offering an entrance hall, lounge, cloakroom and OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER with UTILITY and FRENCH DOORS doors leading to the FULLY TURFED REAR GARDEN. Including a 10 YEAR NHBC WARRANTY for complete peace of mind. "
"A modern four bedroom detached family house (main bedroom en-suite) situated on the fringe of the City close to the parkland surrounding Erddig National Trust. The property is fully double glazed and gas centrally heated from a modern boiler, whilst to the rear the accommodation has been extende..."
"Newly refurbished to an impressive standard is this beautifully presented 3 bedroom detached bungalow with garage located in the sought after area known as Ty Gwyn with its excellent range of amenities including the nearby Wrexham to Chester bus service. With views towards the green, the bungalow..."
"COMMANDING PLOT! This 3 bedroomed detached bungalow is a true hidden gem, tucked away on a quiet cul de sac location, boasting a garage, car port and large rear garden. Internally are three well proportioned bedrooms, one with en suite. An open plan lounge/diner and kitchen with a family bathroom..."
"Set within a popular development on the cusp of Wrexham town and countryside, this three bedroom detached family home which has recently been redecorated and re-carpeted benefits from gas central heating, UPVC double glazing. The property comprises; an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, conserva..."
Presented in exemplary condition is this extended 5 bedroom detached family home located within the established development of Plas Goulbourne on the outskirts of the city centre. This spacious property has been upgraded by the current owners and briefly comprises a pillared entrance porch with c...
"Are you looking for something ready to move into? Look no further. Yopa are proud to present this stunning 4 bedroom detached property to market. Built in 2018 and finished to a high specification with an open plan aspect, makes this property a must view."
"An individual, superbly appointed, four bedroom and three bathroom detached family residence sitting on a large corner plot having ample parking (for five cars) together with an over-sized detached brick garage within this sought after development of only three houses. The property is situated a..."
"A traditionally built four bedroom DETACHED home with INTEGRAL GARAGE offering an entrance hall, lounge, cloakroom and OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER with UTILITY and FRENCH DOORS doors leading to the FULLY TURFED REAR GARDEN. Including a 10 YEAR NHBC WARRANTY for complete peace of mind. "
"Situated in a much sought after and favoured location is this spacious extended 5 bedroom detached dormer bungalow which has accommodation to briefly comprise entrance hall, lounge, dining area, fitted kitchen/breakfast room with integrated appliances, 3 ground floor bedrooms, combined bathroom a..."
"***EXCELLENT CONDITION***A MUST VIEW*** Reid and Roberts Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this beautifully presented Three Bedroom Detached Family Home, situated within walking distance to Wrexham 'City' Centre. The property has been well maintained and improved by..."
"A four bedroom detached house standing in a good sized corner plot in the highly sought after Garden Village area of Wrexham. With excellent potential to modernise the interior, the property is offered for sale with No Onward Chain. EPC Rating - 57|D."
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a bay window fronted 3 bedroom detached home with garage located within the highly sought after area of Garden Village that has the benefits of local amenities, frequent bus service to Wrexham or Chester, Schools and good road links. Having retained some perio..."
"Welcome to 79 Box Lane, a well presented 3 bedroom semi-detached property situated on the popular residential location of Acton. Only a stones throw from the highly rated Acton primary school in addition only a short walk to Acton park, where an endless amount of walks can be found and is the perfec"
"NEW PRICE. Virtual Tour Available. In a quiet cul-de-sac on the popular Goulbourne development in Borras, a three bedroom detached bungalow which has been subject to extensive refurbishment within the last 12 months. The internal specification briefly comprises: living room, kitchen/diner, the..."
"NO CHAIN - A CONVENIENTLY SITUATED GRADE TWO LISTED SEMI-DETACHED RESIDENCE PROVIDING WELL PROPORTIONED ACCOMMODATION OF CONSIDERABLE CHARACTER EXTENDING TO APPROXIMATELY 1830 SQUARE FEET (170 SQUARE METRES) WITH TWO RECEPTION ROOMS, THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS, FOUR PIECE BATHROOM, TWO CLOAKROOMS, GAR..."
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a good sized four bedroom detached property situated in a sought after location. The property comprises; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, dining room, conservatory, downstairs W/C and utility room on the ground floor, with four bedrooms and bathroom on the firs..."
"Before leaving for countryside on the Bersham Road approximately a mile from Wrexham town centre is The Homestead, a cul-de-sac largely of detached bungalows. Wrexham has a wealth of shops ,schools and local amenities, an excellent bus service to local areas and beyond, a railway station and..."
""" VIEWING IS HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"" We are DELIGHTED to Offer FOR SALE this BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED AND SPACIOUS Three/ Four Bedroom Detached Family Home which offers GENEROUS Family Living Accommodation to briefly comprise Entrance Porch, Entrance Hall, Dining Room/ Bedroom Four, Lounge, Fitted K..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a five bedroom semi detached house situated in a sought residential location in Wrexham. The spacious internal accommodation comprises an entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, downstairs w.c, dining room, conservatory to the ground floor, three bedrooms and bath to t..."
A PARTICULARLY SPACIOUS WELL PROPORTIONED DETACHED THREE BEDROOM BUNGALOW IN A PLEASANT SLIGHTLY ELEVATED CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION OVERLOOKING THE CITY TOWARDS ESCLUSHAM MOUNTAIN. EPC RATING - 65|D.
"Reid and Roberts Estate and Letting Agents are delighted to offer this beautiful Four Bedroom Detached Family Home with the added benefit of a Detached Two-Storey Garage/Office Building known as ""The Coach House"". The property is situated on Saxon Street which is just a few minutes work from both..."
"Situated close to the very popular and sought after Erddig area of Wrexham is this 5 bedroom, detached, family home. Whilst the property is in need of some updating it is rare to find such a large property in this area and has the potential to make an excellent family home for many years to come...."
"Located in a sought after suburb of Wrexham, this deceptively spacious three bedroom detached bungalow enjoys the benefit of gas fired central heating, double glazing and detached garage. It is located within walking distance of good local facilities including shops, veterinary surgery and school..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase an extended three bedroom detached house situated in a sought after residential location in Wrexham. The internal accommodation comprises an entrance porch, hallway, lounge, kitchen/breakfast room, dining room open plan into a family room, three bedrooms and a ..."
Reid and Robrets are delighted to offer to the market this Immaculately Presented Four Bedroom Detached Family Home situated in a popular and sought after residential area. Epsom Way is located in a much favoured residential area approximately 1 ½ miles from the town centre and on the e...
Reid and Roberts Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this Immaculately Presented Spacious Three Bedroom/Four Bedroom Detached Family Home situated in the popular and sought after location of Little Acton. The property has undergone renovation throughout and briefly compri...
"* EXTENDED DETACHED HOUSE * FORMING PART OF THE POPULAR GOLBOURNE ESTATE. A well presented four-bedroom detached house forming part of a popular area in Borras, Wrexham. The accommodation briefly comprises: reception hallway, downstairs WC, living room with feature fireplace, study, inner hall wi..."
"""VIEWED HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"" A BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED Four Bedroom Link detached property located within a popular residential area in Wrexham. This superb family home offers beautifully appointed living accommodation throughout . The Property is ideally situated close to Wrexham City Centre a..."
"A fabulous, spacious, family home, sitting on an elevated plot in a highly favoured residential area, boasting three separate reception rooms and four ""double bedrooms"". "
"A detached, elegantly positioned, bungalow that has waves of kerb appeal offering an attractive corner plot with single detached garage."
"A fantastic example of a detached, luxuriously appointed, three bedroom, bungalow in a favoured residential area within walking distance of the National Trust Parkland of Erddig. "
There are very few more attractive views than a tree lined avenue with attractive and mature residential dwellings on either side and possibly why the location of this property is in one of the most admired and sought after residential...
"Located on one of the most respected and sought after residential areas in Wrexham, this extended property has more than its fair share of kerb appeal as well as many original internal features that offer both character and charm. "
"NO CHAIN - A THOROUGHLY RENOVATED, IMMACULATELY PRESENTED, PRE WAR STYLE BAY FRONTED SEMI PROVIDING THEE RECEPTION ROOM / THREE BEDROOM FAMILY ACCOMMODATION IN A POPULAR RESIDENTIAL AREA OFF CHESTER ROAD LESS THAN A MILE ON LEVEL GROUND FROM THE CITY CENTRE AND ALL AMENITIES. EPC RATING - 63|D."
"A brilliant opportunity to purchase a beautifully presented, extended three bedroom semi detached property situated in the sought after Acton area of Wrexham. The stylish internal accommodation comprises an entrance hall, two reception rooms, conservatory, modern kitchen, three bedrooms and a bat..."
Reid and Roberts Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market this Immaculately Presented Four Bedroom Three Storey Town House situated in a popular residential area within walking distance of Wrexham City Centre. This Deceptively Spacious Property offers accommodation to briefly c...
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a beautifully presented and extended three bedroom semi detached house situated on a favoured residential street in the sought after Garden Village area of Wrexham. The internal accommodation comprises a spacious ground floor with a welcoming entrance hall, lou..."
A three storey four bedroom detached family home within this popular modern residential development on the outskirts of Wrexham town centre enjoying a lovely position along a private road. The well presented accommodation briefly comprises a part glazed entrance door to hallway with central stair...
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a spacious three bedroom detached property in a sought after village location on the outskirts of Wrexham town. The property comprises; entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, reception room, utility, and cloakroom on the ground floor, with three bedrooms and ba..."
NO CHAIN - A MODERN DETACHED TWO / THREE BEDROOM / TWO BATHROOM BUNGALOW OCCUPYING A CORNER PLOT ON THE FRINGE OF THE CITY CLOSE TO OPEN COUNTRYSIDE. EPC RATING - 60|D.
"TOWN AND COUNTRY ARE PROUD TO PRESENT THIS: Well presented three bedroom apartment set in a convenient location close to Wrexham town centre. The property comprises; entrance hall, open plan lounge/diner/kitchen, three bedrooms, one en-suite and bathroom internally, with balcony and patio area ex..."
"Situated in a desirable and sought after area, close to Wrexham City Centre is this beautifully presented and deceptively large Georgian style 4 bedroom family home. Accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hall, 3 receptions rooms, kitchen, utility, basement, 4 good sized bedrooms and 2 bathr..."
""" VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"" We are DELIGHTED TO OFFER FOR SALE this BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED and extended family property. This Fabulous Three Bedroom Detached family home which is Located within a POPULAR AND SOUGHT AFTER residential area is presented to an immaculate standard throughout and ..."
"""VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"" A very well presented four bedroom detached property situated within a popular residential development. Located close to Wrexham town centre where there are numerous amenities as well as having excellent access to the A483 and major road networks out of Wrexham. T..."
"A deceptively spacious three bedroom detached bungalow situated in the sought after village of Borras. The property comprises; entrance porch/hallway, lounge, kitchen/diner, conservatory, three bedrooms, en-suite and wet room internally. Externally is a good sized driveway leading to a single gar..."
"An extended and superbly presented 3 bedroom detached house with garden /sitting room, double garage and sauna. Located within a popular residential development just a short distance from Chester Road and both primary and secondary schools, the accommodation briefly comprises an open fronted porc..."
"A spacious 4 bedroom detached dormer bungalow situated within a popular residential area close to Wrexham city centre. This excellent property offers a spacious lounge, 2 bedrooms to the ground floor and 2 bedrooms to the first floor as well as a double garage and ample off road parking. Located..."
"A great opportunity to purchase a spacious and well presented three bedroom detached property situated in a sought after village location on the Chester side of Wrexham. The property comprises; entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen and cloakroom on the ground floor, with three bedrooms and ..."
"Located within popular residential area of Borras is this very well presented two bedroom detached bungalow refurbished in 2013 to include re-wiring, new central heating system with Worcester combination boiler, new bathroom, new kitchen, electric garage door, etc, and is well worthy of inspectio..."
"A generously sized three bedroom detached bungalow located within the popular residential area of Rhosddu, being in close proximity to Wrexham town. Benefitting from gas central heating and UPVC double glazing, the property briefly comprises; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, three bedrooms and bat..."
"VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"" To Appreciate this Beautifully presented and Extended Three Bedroom Detached property in the very sought after area of Acton. The property has UPVC Double Glazed windows, Gas central heating system, Single garage and off road parking. The Accommodation comprises:..."
"A beautifully presented 3 bedroom terrace property situated within walking distance of Wrexham town centre. The property offers immaculate and spacious living accommodation including 2 Reception rooms, well appointed kitchen, 3 bedrooms and can only be appreciated via internal inspection. The pro..."
Set behind double privacy gates is this spacious and well presented 3 bedroom detached bungalow situated in a sought after location within walking distance of the picturesque Acton Park and a parade of shops. The bungalow has the benefit of Upvc double glazing and gas central heating and briefly ...
"A traditionally built three bedroom DETACHED home offering an entrance hall, lounge, cloakroom, MASTER BEDROOM with EN-SUITE and OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER with MORNING ROOM and FRENCH DOORS doors leading to the FULLY TURFED REAR GARDEN. Including a 10 YEAR NHBC WARRANTY for complete peace of mind."
"A traditionally built three bedroom DETACHED home offering an entrance hall, lounge, cloakroom, MASTER BEDROOM with EN-SUITE and OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER and STUDY with FRENCH DOORS doors leading to the FULLY TURFED REAR GARDEN. Including a 10 YEAR NHBC WARRANTY for complete peace of mind."
"Beresford Adams are proud to bring to the market ... Elmwood, A well-presented 4 Bedroom and 3 bathroom semi-detached ideal family home. Situated in a popular and sought after area with local amenities on your door step easy access to Wrexham town centre and excellent links to main roa..."
FAMILY SIZED HOME IN BORRAS. Are you looking for a 4 bedroom detached home in a popular location? This could be the one for you. Situated at the head of a small cul de sac just off Norfolk Road. The property also has plenty of parking and a good sized rear garden.
"A brilliant opportunity to purchase a four bedroom detached property situated in a cul de sac location in the Borras area of Wrexham. The internal accommodation comprises an entrance hallway, w.c, lounge, dining room, kitchen, four bedrooms and family bathroom. Externally there is an attractive r..."
"An extended four bedroom, semi detached property with three reception rooms and a paved driveway offering off road parking. Located in a very popular and sought residential area, this is a dwelling that does require some updating but has enough internal space to satisfy the requirements of a f..."
"A brilliant opportunity to purchase a beautifully presented and spacious three bedroom semi detached house. This extended property is conveniently located close to Wrexham city centre whilst also enjoying easy access to the A483 for travel to Chester, Shropshire, North Wales and beyond. This attr..."
BERESFORD ADAMS ARE PROUD PRESENT THIS ATTRACTIVE AND DELIGHTFUL FAMILY HOME Situated in a popular and much favoured location within easy access of the town centre is this impressive 3 bedroom semi-detached family home which has generous size family living accommodation to briefly comp...
"HELP TO BUY AVAILABLE ON THIS PLOT. Traditionally built three bedroom DETACHED home offering an entrance hall, lounge, cloakroom and OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER with FULLY INTEGRATED APPLIANCES. FRENCH DOORS doors lead to the FULLY TURFED REAR GARDEN. Including a 10 YEAR NHBC WARRANTY."
"!!!THIS PLOT QUALIFIES FOR HELP TO BUY WALES!!!!A traditionally built three bedroom DETACHED home offering an entrance hall, lounge, cloakroom and OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER with FRENCH DOORS doors leading to the FULLY TURFED REAR GARDEN. Including a 10 YEAR NHBC WARRANTY for complete peace of mind."
"Situated in a popular and sought-after location is this generous size 3 bedroom detached bungalow which has internal living accommodation to briefly comprise entrance hall, cloakroom, fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, lounge, side hall, inner hall, 3 double bedrooms and combined bathroom..."
"Beresford Adams are delighted to market this spacious 3/4 bedroom semi-detached family home. This semi-detached dormer bungalow is located in the popular residential area of Wrexham, Garden Village. Ffordd Estyn has a wealth of amenities on its door step including a Local convenient ..."
"Situated on a large corner plot towards the end of a small cul-de-sac in the popular residential area of Borras is this well maintained, extended 3 bedroom detached bungalow. Accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hall, living room, kitchen/diner, conservatory, utility area, WC, 3 bedrooms a..."
"A brilliant opportunity to purchase a detached home with easy access to Wrexham and Chester! This Three Bed detached property would be a fantastic family home or first-time buy! The property briefly comprises an Entrance Porch, an Open plan Living room/Dining room, Kitchen, Conservatory, Three..."
Offering 4 good sized bedrooms is this detached family home with garage located just a short walk to Erddig National Trust Parkland on the outskirts of Wrexham close to a range of amenities and good road links. The accommodation benefits from Upvc double glazing and gas fired central heating and ...
"A traditionally built three bedroom DETACHED home offering an entrance hall, lounge, cloakroom and OPEN PLAN KITCHEN/DINER with FRENCH DOORS doors leading to the FULLY TURFED REAR GARDEN. Including a 10 YEAR NHBC WARRANTY for complete peace of mind."
"""VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"" We are DELIGHTED TO OFFER FOR SALE this BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED and NEWLY BUILT Three Bedroom Semi-Detached property which is set in a POPULAR location with close proximity to Erddig park and Wrexham City Centre. The property comprises; Entrance Hall, Lounge, Kitche..."
A well presented 3 bedroom semi detached house enjoying a sunny aspect rear garden located within the popular area of Garden Village with its good range of convenient amenities and bus service to Wrexham and Chester. The accommodation has the benefit of gas central heating and Upvc double glazing...
"A newly refurbished and spacious 3 bedroom semi detached bay window fronted home with gated private driveway, garage and sunny aspect rear garden. Conveniently located on the fringe of the city centre yet within walking distance of the picturesque Erddig National Trust Parkland, this family home ..."
Situated in an established part of the town is this mature 4 bedroom detached property which requires a program of refurbishment and stands in a large plot to include a yard and various garages and outbuildings to the rear. The property has internal accommodation to briefly comprise entrance hall...
"Welcome to Stables Cottage, a 3 bedroom well presented detached cottage, only a stones throw away from Wrexham town center."
A well presented 3 bedroom semi detached family home with drive and garage situated in a lovely position adjoining the picturesque Acton Park yet conveniently located for the town centre and nearby shopping areas of Garden Village and Borras. Having the benefit of gas central heating and Upvc dou...
"Situated on a corner plot in this very desirable location, this detached family home benefits from gas central heating and double glazed windows, briefly comprises entrance porch, hallway, lounge, dining room and conservatory. The first floor has 3 bedrooms and a shower room. There are gardens ..."
Beresford Adams are proud to present to the Market 4 Holyrood Crescent... Situated in the popular and sought after location of Garden Village within easy access of the town centre is this spacious 3 bedroom detached bungalow which occupies a generous size corner plot and has internal a...
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a 3 bedroom semi-detached bungalow situated within a popular residential location in the desirable area of Garden Village. The property is in need of some modernisation internally but offers wonderful potential with good size rooms, 2 bedrooms to the ground flo..."
"Beresford Adams are proud to present this STUNNING 4/5 BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOME BEING SOLD WITH NO CHAIN! Enjoying a quiet cul-de-sac location this fully renovated semi-detached house is situated on a popular residential estate only a few minutes from Wrexham City centre, Maelor hosp..."
"Welcome to our new property 17 Talbot Road .... Situated on the fringe Wrexham City Centre, a Victorian four bedroom mid-terraced property which is full of character and boasts beautiful secondary glazed stain glass bay windows. The internal specification briefly comprises; a large li..."
"""VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENED"" A brilliant opportunity to purchase a spacious Three Bedroom, Three Reception Room Family Property. Situated in a sought after residential location in the desirable Borras area of Wrexham. The property is conveniently located with a wealth of local amenities within..."
"A well presented 2 bedroom semi detached bungalow with garage located in the established area of Little Acton just a short walk from Chester Road, convenient shopping facilities and the picturesque Acton Park. The bungalow has the benefit of gas central heating and Upvc double glazing and briefly..."
"A spacious 3 bedroom detached house with the benefit of a south facing garden, located in the popular and established residential development within walking distance of Chester Road and the frequent bus service into Wrexham and Chester. The property includes gas fired central heating and Upvc dou..."
"A fabulous, beautifully presented 3 bedroom semi-detached house, located in the very desirable area of Acton. The property benefits from having a contemporary kitchen and bathroom as well as being tastefully decorated throughout. The property briefly comprises: Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Playr..."
"Situated in a popular and sought after location is this generous size period semi detached property which requires modernisation and has internal accommodation to briefly comprise entrance porch, cloakroom, entrance hall, lounge, sitting room,dining area, fitted kitchen and to the first floor the..."
"A well presented 2/3 bedroom semi detached bungalow with garage and good sized conservatory enjoying a private rear garden and excellent private parking. Located within the established and sought after area known as Borras with its good range of amenities and road links, the accommodation has the..."
"***Opportunity To Enhance*** A Spacious 3 bedroom semi-detached property ideally located within easy access to both Wrexham Industrial Estate and the city centre. The property boasts 2 reception rooms, additional breakfast area and off road parking. The property also benefits from UPVC doub..."
"""VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMENDED! A superb opportunity to purchase a beautifully presented two bedroom detached bungalow situated in the sought after Llwyn Onn Park area of Wrexham. The spacious internal accommodation comprises a welcoming entrance hall, generous lounge/dining room, modern kitchen, sty..."
"STUNNING SEMI WITH NO CHAIN! Enjoying a quiet set back position along a private pathway which gives access to only a few properties, this stunning semi-detached house is situated just a few minutes from Wrexham City centre. Having modern interior and a spacious feel, internal inspection wil..."
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a three bedroom semi-detached bungalow situated in an established village location. The property comprises; kitchen, lounge, three bedrooms (with potential to utilise one as an additional reception room instead) and family bathroom internally. Externally is ..."
"*** NO CHAIN *** Reid and Roberts Estate and Letting Agents are delighted to welcome to the market this Two Bedroom Detached Bungalow, situated in the popular residential location of Borras. The property benefits from being a corner plot in a sought after cul-de-sac with plentiful local ."
"This detached two bedroom bungalow occupies an elevated corner position, within the desirable Wrexham suburb of Borras, benefitting from gas central heating and UPVC double glazed windows and doors. The property itself in brief comprises; an entrance vestibule, reception hall, lounge/dining room,..."
"Situated in a popular and sought after location is this modern style 3 bedroom semi detached property. The property occupies a generous size corner plot with internal living accommodation to briefly comprise entrance hall, lounge, modern fitted kitchen with integrated appliances and to the first ..."
"This very well presented modern 3 bedroom semi detached house, located on the outskirts of Wrexham, is a must-see for anyone seeking a comfortable and stylish home. The property boasts a large lounge/diner that is perfect for family gatherings or entertaining friends, as well as a bright and airy..."
Located in the very much sought after residential area of garden village close to wat’s dyke primary school is this very well proportioned semi-detached bungalow which occupies an extremely generous plot size. The dwelling does require some updating with huge scope to extend. this howeve...
"Situated in a much sought-after location is this extended 3 bedroom semi detached property which stands in a large corner plot and requires some modernisation with accommodation to briefly comprise entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner, conservatory, utility room, side hall, downstairs shower room..."
"Location remains one of the most if not the most important considerations of any prospective buyer. This property, which enjoys positive kerb appeal, is located in a highly favoured residential area and although it requires some updating and refurbishment it retains huge potential as very envi..."
"REDUCED FOR A QUICK SALE Situated in a great location on the Chester side of Wrexham, and finished to a high standard, is this traditional bay fronted and extended 3 bedroom semi detached family home. Accommodation briefly comprises; porch, entrance hall, downstairs WC, living room, large kit..."
"""VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED"" This good sized & Immaculately Presented Semi Detached home which stands in a good sized gardens and is Ideally situated on this popular tree-lined road which is ideally situated within Garden Village only a short walk away from highly regarded primary schooling a..."
A mature three bedroom bay fronted semi-detached house standing within a good size plot. Offered for sale with no onward chain the property offers plenty of potential for internal modernisation to the new owners tastes. Viewing advised. EPC Rating - 46|E.
"NO CHAIN! This impressive 3 bedroom detached house has a modern interior. The property comprises: downstairs WC, kitchen/diner, two double bedrooms and one single bedroom, upstairs bathroom and ensuite off bedroom 1. Externally, the property provides a single detached garage with off road parking..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN - Viewing is highly recommended to appreciate this well presented semi-detached bungalow in the sought after location of Borras. Situated in the cul de sac location, the property offers lounge and conservatory, Modern refitted kitchen and bathroom, 2 bedrooms, driveway, extended..."
"A spacious and extended 2 bedroom semi detached home with cottage style features yet having modern day comforts, located within the highly desirable area of Garden Village having the benefit of a good sized private rear garden. Briefly comprising an enclosed Entrance Porch, hall with stairs to 1s..."
"A superbly presented 2 bedroom semi-detached property situated in a desirable residential location within Garden Village. This excellent property offers a beautifully presented lounge, kitchen/dining room, 2 double bedrooms and an attractive, well maintained rear garden, all of which can only be ..."
"""VIEWING RECOMMENDED"" We are DELIGHTED to offer this brilliant opportunity to purchase a Two Bedroom Semi Detached Bungalow situated in a POPULAR and SOUGHT AFTER Residential location close to Wrexham town centre. The internal accommodation would benefit from a scheme of modernisation but off..."
'NO CHAIN' to this property. Situated in the sought after residential district of Acton is this very well presented three bedroom semi detached property benefitting from gas central heating and uPVC double glazing. Acton is located approximately a mile from Wrexham town centre whe...
"This Victorian mid-terraced property currently operates as fully licensed HMO generating an income of approximately £2,200 per month. Located within easy walking distance of Wrexham city centre and all convenient amenities close at hand. The property benefits from gas central heating and UPVC dou..."
"**VIRTUAL TOUR AVAILABLE** A fantastic opportunity to purchase a 4 bedroom **HMO PROPERTY** located in Acton on the outskirts of Wrexham city centre. This excellent investment property offers four good size bedrooms all to the first floor, well presented open plan kitchen/lounge and single garage..."
"Welcome to 32 Ffordd Jarvis, a fully decorated and well presented 3 bedroom semi detached property. Situated in a residential location, only a stones throw away from Acton Park and local schools."
A recently remodelled two bedroom semi-detached bungalow with a spacious lounge/diner and kitchen. The loft has recently been converted into a bedroom with an en-suite shower room. Highly sought after location. Viewing advised. EPC Rating - 65|D.
"A spacious and well presented 3 bedroom semi detached home with garage and private driveway for 3 cars located within walking distance of the city centre. Having the benefit of gas central heating and Upvc double glazing, the accommodation briefly comprises an enclosed entrance porch, hall with s..."
"A modern and very well presented detached house on the popular stansty development near the town centre and good road connections. Having 3 bedrooms, master with en suite, garage and gardens. Conveniently located with local schools, shops and bus services, whilst the Oswestry/Wrexham/Chester lin..."
"An immaculately presented 3 bedroom semi-detached property located on the outskirts of Wrexham town centre. This deceptively spacious and well appointed property offers 2 reception rooms, modern fitted kitchen, a conservatory and well maintained gardens and must be viewed to be fully appreciated...."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN. An excellently presented two bedroom semi-detached bungalow set in a sought after residential location on the Chester side of Wrexham with convenient access to local amenities. The property comprises; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen, two bedrooms and bathroom internally. Externall..."
"Kingsland Estates are delighted to offer to the market this ideally located and spacious, detached bungalow. Located in the ever popular area of Wrexham. This is the ideal oppurtunity to acquire a property in a prime location with huge potential to add value. The property on offer currently c..."
"Situated in a prominent position on this small residential development, close to the centre of Wrexham and the Plas Coch retail park, is this modern, well presented 3 bedroom family home. Accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hall, living room, kitchen/diner, separate WC, 3 bedrooms and fam..."
A very well presented 2 bedroom semi detached bungalow with detached garage conveniently located within the established residential development of Plas Goulbourne with a good range of shopping amenities and bus service nearby. The bungalow has been recently upgraded and briefly comprises a Upvc d...
"A well presented 3 bedroom end mews style house situated on this modern popular residential development on the fringe of the city centre close to the Maelor Hospital, Moneypenny and excellent road links. The accommodation briefly comprises an entrance hall with cloaks/w.c. off, lounge with attrac..."
"Situated in this popular and sought location is this spacious extended 4 bedroom semi detached bungalow which stands in a large corner plot with living accommodation to briefly comprise entrance hall, fitted kitchen/breakfast room with integrated appliances, lounge, inner hall, master bedroom wit..."
"3 bedroom mews property set on the popular and semi-secluded Farmhouse Mews development on the Goulbourne Estate in Wrexham. The property benefits from NO ONWARD CHAIN, rear garden and off road parking. Conveniently located in the popular area of the Goulbourne with local amenities including scho..."
"This is modern three bedroom terraced property, which is presented to a very high standard, in a convenient location within a small cul-de-sac development, is  ideal for first time buyers or investors. "
"A SPACIOUS, CONTEMPORARY FAMILY HOME conveniently located only MINUTES FROM TOWN CENTRE."
This is an opportunity to acquire a very well presented much larger than average three double bedroomed semi detached property with more than adequate off road parking and a good sized rear garden. Fenwick Drive is located approximately half a mile from Wrexham town centre where there is a w...
"Whitegates Estate Agents are pleased to offer this 3 Bedroom Semi Detached House. Benefiting from gas central heating and UPVC double glazing. The property boasts a large rear Conservatory. Kitchen, Lounge and Dining Room. To the first floor there are 3 bedrooms and bathroom. Conveniently locate..."
""" VIEWING RECOMMENDED"" This is a great Opportunity to Purchase a Lovely Three Bedroom Semi-detached property located on the outskirts of Wrexham town centre, overlooking the playing fields, A truly lovely location. This well appointed property offers Two reception rooms, Fitted kitchen, garde..."
Situated in the popular residential area of Rhosnesni on the outskirts of Wrexham is this 3 bedroom semi detached family home. The future owner will likely want to put their own stamp on the property however the property is well presented and ready to move into. Accommodation briefly comprises;...
An impressively spacious and well presented 2 bedroom ground floor apartment being part of an exclusive development within Wrexham city centre. Belmont house was formerly a hotel but has now been converted to high end apartments and must be viewed to be appreciated. The apartment offers spacious ...
"Situated in a popular and convenient location is this well presented 3 bedroom town house which offers generous size family living accommodation to briefly comprise entrance hall, cloakroom, modern fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, lounge, and to the first floor there is the master bedro..."
An extended three bedroom end-of-terrace property located on the fringe of Wrexham Town Centre and within walking distance of the local amenities including Schools and Medical Centre. Occupying a generous corner plot with off-road parking to front and side together with a large level lawned garde...
A MOST ATTRACTIVELY PRESENTED UPGRADED AND EXTENDED MATURE TWO BEDROOM SEMI IN A POPULAR CONVENIENT LOCATION CLOSE TO AMENITIES AND THE CITY CENTRE. AN IDEAL FIRST HOME. EPC RATING - 63|D.
"A fantastic opportunity to live in this characterful former brewery. Closed down in the 1980's, the former brewery was converted to a complex of luxury apartments which are perfectly situated near the city centre. Exposed timber beams, sash windows and high ceilings help keep the characte..."
"NEW to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this fantastic three-bedroom semi-detached family residence situated within the sought after location of Rhosddu. This family home offers large and spacious living accommodation. Comprising; entrance hallway, lounge, good sized kitchen with a dining are..."
"*TO BE SOLD WITH TENANTS IN SITU & HMO LICENCE* A three bedroom mid terraced property situated in a popular and convenient location within close proximity to Wrexham town. The property benefits from a Wrexham Council HMO licence, double glazing, full gas central heating and is fully furnished."
Calling all INVESTORS/ FIRST TIME BUYERS .... Looking for an investment property to rent out/ HMO or looking to put your own stamp on your forever home? Being sold NO CHAIN. 11a Derby road located in an established part of the city is a spacious size 4 bedroom mid terrace property wh...
"This superb 2 bedroom semi detached house, located close to the centre of Wrexham, is a must-see for anyone seeking a comfortable and stylish home. The property boasts a large lounge/diner that is perfect for family gatherings or entertaining friends, as well as a converted attic which could be u..."
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a two bedroom end of terrace set in a popular location close to Wrexham Maelor Hospital and Wrexham town. The property comprises; entrance, lounge, kitchen and sun room on the ground floor, with two bedrooms and bathroom on the first floor. Externally is a law..."
A very well presented 3 bedroom terraced house in Acton. The property benefits from a lovely modern interior including a contemporary kitchen and bathroom. Ideally located for town or Acton school. There is a single garage to the rear as well as parking availability directly behind the garage. T...
"NEW to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this delightful three bedroom semi-detached family residence located on the outskirts of Wrexham City Centre. The internal accommodation comprises; entrance hallway, cloakroom, lounge, kitchen/diner, three bedrooms with en-suite to the master bedroom and..."
Situated in the sought after residential district of Acton is this attractively presented and extended three bedroom semi detached property benefitting from gas central heating and UPVC double glazing. Acton is located approximately a mile from the centre of Wrexham where there is a wealth o...
"*NO ONWARD CHAIN* An opportunity to purchase a very well presented two bedroom mews property situated in cul-de-sac with close proximity to Wrexham town. The property comprises; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner and cloakroom on the ground floor, with two bedoroms and bathroom on the first flo..."
"*No chain!* A fantastic opportunity to purchase an extended 3/4 bedroom property situated close to Wrexham town, in need of some updating. The property comprises; entrance porch, lounge, kitchen, wet room and an additional reception room which could be utilised a bedroom to the ground floor, with..."
"A truly deceptive, three bedroom, terrace property with many original character features still remaining even though the property has undergone a programme of renovation recently. Ideally located within walking distance of the town centre, university & hospital. "
"Guide Price £160,000 For sale by unconditional online auction, registration is now open. A two storey building being situated in a prominent position in Wrexham Town Centre, being close to other entertainment venues, for a number of years having traded as a Nightclub venue. The groun..."
"Conveniently situated less than one mile from Wrexham City Centre, a semi-detached house which has two double bedrooms, a private garden and driveway parking. The internal specification briefly comprises; living room and kitchen/diner to ground floor, two bedrooms and family bathroom to first ..."
"A wonderful opportunity to purchase a spacious, well presented first floor apartment within an exclusive development in Wrexham City Centre. The building was formerly a hotel but has now been converted into high end apartments with this particular apartment offering a spacious open plan, lounge/k..."
"A two bedroom, two reception room, two bathroom end of terrace property conveniently situated within walking distance of Wrexham city centre. The internal accommodation comprises an entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen, downstairs shower room, two double bedrooms and family bathroom. Exter..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this 2 bedroom mews property situated in a popular village location, providing fantastic transport connections to Wrexham Industrial Estate and the A483 bypass. Briefly, the property comprises of a kitchen and lounge area to the ground floor; with two bedrooms ..."
"Attractive two-bedroom modern mid-town house situated in the popular location of Abenbury Fields. The property comprises of driveway, lounge, kitchen/diner, two bedrooms and family bathroom. Benefiting from rear garden with patio area. Close to local amenities and public transport links."
"A fabulous opportunity to purchase a three bedroom end of terrace property situated on the outskirts of Wrexham town, providing excellent connections to the A483 and beyond. The property comprises; entrance hall, lounge, dining room, kitchen and bathroom on the ground floor, with three bedrooms a..."
"A three bedroom semi-detached house which has a spacious garden and driveway parking. The internal specification briefly comprises; living room, kitchen/diner, utility and cloakroom to ground floor; three bedrooms and family bathroom to first floor. "
"Situated in a popular and convenient location is this generous size 3 bedroom semi detached property which has living accommodation to briefly comprise entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner and to the first floor there are 3 bedrooms and combined bathroom and wc. The accommodation is complimented ..."
TOWN AND COUNTRY WREXHAM are delighted to bring to the market this spacious 3 bedroom semi detached house which is well presented throughout. Boasting a large kitchen/diner and off road parking the property is situated in a highly popular area and an early viewing is strongly advised. Internally ...
"A three bedroom mid terrace property situated in a convenient location on the edge of Wrexham town centre. The internal accommodation comprises a generous lounge, kitchen/diner, three bedrooms and bathroom. Externally there are gardens to the front and rear with a pleasant out look to the front e..."
"Beresford Adams are delighted to bring to the market this DELIGHTFUL AND DECEPTIVELY SPACIOUS Two bedroom End of terrace property boasting an additional loft room which is located in a POPULAR, QUIET LOCATION within easy walking distance of the Wrexham Town Centre and access to Erddig National Tr..."
"***TENANT IN SITU - LANDLORDS ONLY!*** A three bedroom mid terrace property situated within walking distance of Wrexham city centre. The property currently has long term tenants in situ and currently achieves £660 pcm. The internal accommodation comprises an entrance hall, two reception rooms, ki..."
"Reid and Roberts are delighted are to offer to the market this Deceptively Spacious Three Bedroom Property ideally located within easy walking distance to the Town Centre and available For Sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The internal living accommodation comprises; Entrance Hallway, Reception..."
"Conveniently situated on the fringe of Wrexham City Centre, a Victorian three bedroom semi-detached house which has an enclosed garden to rear. The internal specification briefly comprises: living room, dining room, kitchen and bathroom to ground floor; three bedrooms and cloakroom to first fl..."
A three bedroom semi detached house having the benefit of a larger than expected side and rear garden located on the outskirts of Wrexham town centre. The accommodation has the benefit of upvc double glazing and gas fired central heating and briefly comprises a part glazed entrance door opening t...
"Be the first to snap up this fantastic two-bedroom mid terraced property located on the outskirts of Wrexham City Centre. This delightful home briefly comprises; entrance hallway, lounge, kitchen, two bedrooms and a family bathroom. Externally there is two allocated parking spaces and a well pr..."
"NEW to the market is this delightful and immaculately presented two-bedroom semi-detached family residence. The property benefits from upvc double glazing and gas central heating, and has been maintained to a high standard by the current owners. Offering fantastic space throughout comprising..."
"Located in a desirable suburb of Wrexham, this well maintained two bedroom townhouse benefits from gas central heating, UPVC double glazing and UPVC facias. The property comprises; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen/diner on the ground floor, with two bedrooms and bathroom on the first floor. To the ..."
"Situated in a popular and convenient location is this 3 bedroom semi detached property which has internal accommodation to briefly comprise entrance hall, lounge, fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, side hall, ground floor bathroom and to the first floor there are 3 bedrooms. The accommoda..."
"Reid and Roberts are delighted to offer for sale this Two Bedroom semi detached home, which is in a small cul de sac close to Wrexham town centre. The property has recently had a new modern kitchen and shower room fitted and briefly comprises; Entrance hall, Newly fitted kitchen, Lounge..."
"Ideal investment or first time buyers property. This three bedroom semi-detached property is positioned on a large, enclosed corner plot.  The property does require updating, so gives the buyer an opportunity to put their own stamp on it."
**LANDLORDS ONLY - THE PROPERTY IS BEING SOLD WITH THE TENANT IN SITU** An investment opportunity to purchase a three bedroom end of terrace property set on a corner plot. The property has long term tenants in situ and currently achieves £675pcm. The internal accommodation comprises an entrance h...
"Presented in good order, this modern purpose-built ground-floor residential apartment is situated just around the corner from the Garden Village shopping parade, Watts Dyke playing field and the bus routes to Wrexham and Chester. The apartment has a spacious living area with fitted kitchen off, w..."
"Recently decorated and carpeted this 3 bedroom semi-detached house provides a comfortable family sized home. The property features a spacious lounge diner, fitted kitchen with built in oven and hob, off road parking and generous sized rear garden. Conveniently located on the outskirts of Wrexha..."
"A well presented 2 bedroom semi detached house located on the fringe of the city centre within a small development of similar properties close to convenient shopping facilities and amenities. The accommodation benefits from gas central heating, upvc double glazing, newly fitted carpets, new decor..."
"A much larger than average 2 bedroom home just a 5 minute walk from the centre of Wrexham City Centre There is also the added benefit and rarity of off road parking! The property does require some cosmetic updating, but this would make a great home with fantastic access to all main routes and the..."
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a three bedroom semi-detached property situated in close proximity to Wrexham town, in need of some internal modernisation. The property comprises; entrance hall, lounge, kitchen and cloakroom on the ground floor, with three bedrooms and bathroom on the first ..."
"""VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!"" A beautifully presented Two Bedroom apartment situated in a HISTORIC Converted brewery. The Apartment is conveniently located in the heart of Wrexham Town centre which has a wealth of amenities close to hand and also benefits from secure off road parking. This ..."
"Situated close to Wrexham town centre is this three bedroom semi detached property benefitting from off road parking, gas central heating and UPVC double glazing. There are good sized gardens to both the front and rear and plenty of internal storage space. Deva way is located approximately a..."
"Ideally located within the popular Caxton Place development on the fringe of Wrexham town centre within walking distance of all the major shopping facilities and amenities, Bellevue Park, Coleg Cambria, Glyndwr University, Wrexham FC Stadium, Wrexham Maelor hospital, GPs, in addition to the train..."
"If you are seeking a straightforward project on the outskirts of Wrexham, this property should be at the top of your list. Featuring three good-sized bedrooms, a family bathroom and a fantastic open-plan reception room, along with a lovely garden, this end-terraced home has a great deal to offer..."
*Attention first time buyers/Investors*  
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a 2 bedroom ground floor apartment with the benefit of a garage conveniently located in the sought after area of Rhosnesni, near to the Acton Park and the convenience of Borras shops. The new owners will also acquire a 25% share of the freehold to maintain a r..."
"Available with No Onward Chain. A bright and spacious TWO BEDROOM lower ground floor apartment located within the purpose-built block with lift access and dedicated secure parking space. The accommodation comprises an entrance hallway with store cupboard, open plan kitchen/lounge/dining room, two..."
"Located on the outskirts of Wrexham City Centre in the residential area of Caia Park is this neatly presented, part modernised 3 bedroom terraced home. The 3 bedrooms have all had new carpet, the bathroom has been updated. The kitchen requires some updating but is perfectly functional. Accommod..."
"Beresford Adams are proud to bring to market this Conveniently located 3 bedroom Mid Terrace property ideal for a FIRST TIME or INVESTMENT BUYER. The property comprises of an open plan lounge/ dining room reception room, Kitchen and family bathroom to the ground floor. There are 2 do..."
"Situated in a popular and convenient location is this mature 2 bedroom end terraced property which requires modernisation with internal living accommodation to briefly comprise entrance hall, lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen, and to the first floor there are 2 bedrooms and combined bathroom an..."
"Situated in a popular and convenient location is this well presented 2 bedroom mid terraced property which has spacious living accommodation to briefly comprise entrance hall, lounge, dining room, fitted kitchen, and to the first floor there are 2 bedrooms and combined bathroom and wc. The accomm..."
"Situated in a popular and sought-after location is this well presented first floor apartment which has internal accommodation to briefly comprise communal entrance, entrance hall, lounge/diner, fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, 2 bedrooms and combined bathroom and wc. The accommodation i..."
"situated in a popular and convenient location is this generous size first floor apartment which has internal accommodation to briefly comprise entrance hall, lounge/diner, fitted kitchen, 2 bedrooms and combined bathroom and wc. The accommodation is complimented by electric heating and double gla..."
"Situated in a popular and convenient location is this well presented 2 bedroom terraced property which has been improved by the present owners to a high standard and has living accommodation to briefly comprise entrance hall, lounge, dining area, modern fitted kitchen with integrated appliances a..."
"Available with No Onward Chain and located within the historic Tuttle Street Brewery Building is this one bedroom first floor apartment. With secured gated entry and private parking, the property is ideally situated within the Town Centre and close to local amenities and facilities. The accommoda..."
"Located within this popular modern development on the outskirts of the city centre is this well proportioned 2 bedroom 1st floor apartment with private ground floor entrance, garage and lawned garden. Having a choice of supermarkets, the Maelor Hospital, Moneypenny HQ and Technology Park all wit..."
"BUY TO LET OPPORTUNIY WITH TENANTS IN SITU - A deceptively spacious ground floor apartment which is located within a few minutes from Wrexham town centre. The property has electric heating and double glazed windows and in brief comprises communal entrance, entrance hall, lounge with bay wi..."
"AN EXCELLENT PROPERTY PROSPECT for First Time Buyers or Investors. Located on an attractive tree lined crescent, this mid terrace property displays all the best attributes of a former Council owned property being both well built and enjoying generous room dimensions. Although well cared for, t..."
"We love this modern apartment, perfect for first time buyers and investors alike! This lovely home offers stylish open plan living space, two double bedrooms, bathroom and hallway. Perfectly located in the heart of Wrexham town close to local facilities and transport links. The apartment is gr..."
"In need of some upgrading works, this mid-terrace three bedroom property is an IDEAL FAMILY HOME, offering SPACIOUS accommodation with a surprisingly large, enclosed, rear garden. The property briefly comprises of hallway, lounge, kitchen/diner & w/c, upstairs there are three bedro..."
"A spacious 3 bedroom semi detached house having the benefit of a private driveway and enclosed rear garden. Located on the fringe of the city centre enjoying good road links to Wrexham, Chester and the Industrial Estate, the accommodation briefly comprises an entrance porch, hall with stairs to 1..."
"This well presented and updated mid-terrace property boasts a prime location just a stone's throw away from Wrexham city centre, offering easy access to a host of local amenities. With two generously-sized bedrooms and two reception rooms, this property offers ample living space for families, cou..."
A modern Coachman style 2 bedroom 1st floor bedroom apartment with garage below situated on this popular residential development on the outskirts of the city. Briefly comprising a private entrance door with stairs to the 1st floor landing providing access to the Kitchen having a fitted range of b...
Here's an opportunity to purchase this unique 1 bedroom duplex City centre apartment. The property forms part of a former brewery complex with secure gated access and parking. There's no need to enter the main block with this apartment as it has its own entrance. Call Whitegates to request a view...
NO CHAIN - A TWO RECEPTION ROOM / TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM TOWN HOUSE WITH FIRST FLOOR BATHROOM IN A CONVENIENT LOCATION BETWEEN THE CITY CENTRE AND ERDDIG.
"A great opportunity to purchase a deceptively spacious two bedroomed terraced property situated close to Wrexham town centre, stations and hospital with gas central-heating and a toilet to both floors. The property benefits from relatively new: roof; double-glazed windows; and boiler (recently se..."
"FIRST TIME BUYERS ALERT !First things first, there is an appreciable amount of work to do to this property but it has offers real potential as a first home with two reception rooms, an upstairs bathroom and two ""double bedrooms"". It also has a rear garden that is approximately 70 feet i..."
"Ideal investment or first time buyers property, this two bedroom mid terrace property has been improved by the current vendor but does require ""finishing off"" so still gives purchasers an opportunity to put their own stamp on it. "
"***TO BE SOLD WITH A SITTING TENANT*** The property briefly comprises of lounge, spacious kitchen/diner and Conservatory. Upstairs there are THREE BEDROOMS, with TWO OF THE BEDROOMS BEING GOOD SIZED ""DOUBLES"" as well as a genuine single bedroom and a family sized bathroom. E..."
"No Onward Chain! Set within easy walking distance of town with all amenities close at hand is this two bedroom end of terrace property, benefitting from gas fired central heating and UPVC double glazing throughout. The internal accommodation in brief comprises; entrance hall, living room, dining ..."
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a 2 bedroom terrace property on the outskirts of Wrexham city centre. The property does require modernisation but has superb potential, offering 2 double bedrooms, gas central heating and double glazing. Situated close to the city centre there are an array of ..."
NO CHAIN - A TWO RECEPTION ROOM / TWO BEDROOM / TWO BATHROOM TERRACED PROPERTY CONVENIENTLY SITUATED BETWEEN THE CITY CENTRE AND ERDDIG. EPC RATING - 60|D. 
"***TO BE SOLD WITH A SITTING TENANT***This spacious internal accommodation briefly comprises; Lounge, Kitchen, Dining Room, Three bedrooms (two doubles) and a family bathroom. Externally the property is set back from the road and has a small front lawned area and a larger e..."
"Situated in a popular and convenient location is this mature 3 bedroom end terraced property which has internal accommodation to briefly comprise entrance hall, sitting room, lounge, fitted kitchen, rear hall, downstairs bathroom and to the first floor there are 3 bedrooms. The accommodation is c..."
"Available CHAIN FREE! Grow Property are delighted to present to the market this traditional three-bedroom terrace property situated within a Five-Minute walk of the Town Centre. The internal accommodation comprises; entrance hallway, lounge/dining room, utility room, fitted kitchen and family ba..."
"This 2/3 bedroom terrace with bedroom 3 off bedroom 1. Landlords of this property are presently receiving £625PCM. The property has 2 reception rooms, gas central heating and conveniently located on the outskirts of Wrexham Town Centre in the village of Rhosddu, with schools, shops and bus ..."
"Town and Country Wrexham are proud to present this brand new two bedroom ground floor flat located within walking distance of Wrexham town centre; All local amenities and transport links. The property is a good size and is comprised of; a lounge, fitted kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom. Exter..."
"A good sized and well presented two bedroom terraced property situated within close proximity to Wrexham town. The property comprises; entrance, lounge, kitchen/diner on the ground floor, with two bedrooms and shower room on the first floor. Externally are lawned gardens to front and rear. An ide..."
"Reid and Roberts Estate Agents are delighted to offer to the market This Two Bedroom Mid Terraced Property Offered to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN. The Property in brief comprises; Lounge, Dining Room, Kitchen, Utility area and Downstairs Bathroom. To the first floor there are Two Be..."
"NEW to the market with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this fantastic two-bedroom mid terrace property situated within a Five-Minute walk of the Town Centre. The internal accommodation comprises; entrance porch, hallway, open plan lounge/dining room and kitchen. On the first floor there are two bedrooms and ..."
A well-presented traditional 2 bedroom terrace house with 1st floor bathroom located within walking distance of the city centre and all its amenities. Having the benefit of gas central heating and upvc double glazing the accommodation briefly comprises a Upvc double glazed entrance door opening t...
A semi-detached single-bedroom bungalow in immaculate order and ready to move into. The property has a high energy efficiency rating of a Band C with full double-glazing and central heating to radiators from a gas-fired combination boiler. Externally the property has an enclosed yard. The propert...
"OFFERS INVITED! HIGHLY MOTIVATED SELLER! A brilliant opportunity to purchase an exceptional one bedroom apartment located on the second floor of the prestigious Tuttle Street Brewery development. The internal accommodation comprises an entrance hall with two useful storage cupboards, a living/din..."
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a one bedroom first floor apartment situated in a sought after residential development with close proximity to Wrexham town. The property comprises; entrance hall, lounge/diner, kitchen, bedroom and bathroom internally. Externally is gated access for privacy, ..."
CALLING ALL INVESTORS/ FIRST TIME BUYERS .... Beresford Adams are pleased to bring to the market this two-bedroom End-terraced property in an ideal location being walking distance to the Town Centre making all amenities easily accessible. The property in brief comprises of the followin...
"Attracting all investors, perfect opportunity to purchase this two bedroom terrace property located on the outskirts of the town centre. Very well presented and has been looked after by current tenants who are paying £580 per calendar month and have lived in the property for over 2 years. Viewing..."
Offered for sale with NO ONWARD CHAIN is this one bedroom terraced house which is tucked away on a quiet road on the outskirts of the City. The property is well presented throughout and is an ideal First Time Buy/Investment Purchase. Viewing advised. EPC Rating - 67|D.
"FREEHOLD COUNCIL TAX BAND B We are delighted to offer to the market this pleasant 2-bedroom semi-detached house on Tan y Bryn in Wrexham offering no upward chain. The property presents a well-adapted layout, offering spacious and comfortable accommodation through..."
"A good sized two bedroom ground floor apartment overlooking Acton Park in need of updating. The property comprises; entrance, lounge, kitchen, two bedrooms and shower room internally , with lawns to front and rear. Offering no onward chain, this property must be viewed! *Leasehold property*"
"DESCRIPTION: Situated in a popular and convenient location is this mature 2 bedroom end terraced property which has accommodation to comprise, entrance hall, dining area, lounge, utility area, fitted kitchen and to the first floor there are 2 bedrooms and combined bathroom and wc. The accommodati..."
"Of interest to INVESTORS, currently let to existing tenant since 2018 with agreement for the rent to be £595pcm is this traditional terraced property comprising UPVC double glazed entrance door opening to Lounge having laminate flooring and UPVC double glazed window to front. Inner hallway with s..."
A spacious end terrace property which has been much improved by the current vendor with a newly fitted kitchen & bathroom. The property offers convenient and comfortable accommodation internally and a private garden area to the rear. 
"Investment opportunity. Giving the new owner the opportunity to enhance to one's own taste. Overlooking an open green area this end terrace house benefits from 3 bedrooms, ground floor bathroom and off road parking. The property comes with No Onward Chain. Situated within a short driving d..."
"Of interest to investors is this spacious traditional 2 bedroom town house currently let since 2009 to the same quality tenant located within the city centre close to all its amenities. The accommodation has the benefit of gas central heating, a satisfactory EICR report and Gas Safety Certificate..."
A well presented two bedroom ground floor apartment of interest to investors currently let at £500 pcm to tenants taking occupation in October 2019. Conveniently located within close proximity to Wrexham City Centre the accommodation briefly comprises a communal entrance hall with secure voice en...
"Lovely two bedroom modern apartment in the popular development of Rivulife, close to the new development of Eagles Meadow in Wrexham Town Centre. The apartment comprises of: two bedrooms, one family bathroom, an open plan kitchen – living area and a good size balcony. The property come..."
"Located just a short stroll from Wrexham city centre with many convenient amenities close at hand, is this two bedroom mid terrace property benefitting from gas central heating via a gas combination boiler and UPVC double glazing. In brief comprises of living room, dining room, kitchen, rear hall..."
"Boasting two double bedrooms, this first floor apartment is situated in a popular part of Acton within close proximity of Acton Park. The property is presented to a high standard throughout and benefits from a contemporary kitchen and shower room, as well as a spacious lounge/diner. The property ..."
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a spacious two bedroom terraced property situated in close proximity to Wrexham town. The property briefly comprises; lounge, dining room, kitchen and bathroom on the ground floor, with two bedrooms on the first floor and a loft room. Externally is courtyard t..."
"Formerly part of Hightown Barracks in a listed building which has been converted to characterful properties, a one bedroom ground floor apartment which is within one mile of Wrexham City Centre. The internal specification briefly comprises: living room, kitchen, bedroom and bathroom. Convenien..."
"1 Bedroom PURPOSE BUILT first floor flat with Gas Combi heating and Upvc double glazed. Benefiting from off road parking, good sized lounge and bedroom. Situated on Lorne Street, Rhosddu giving convenient ACCESS to Wrexham Town Centre and Eagles Meadow Shopping and Leisure development. Also withi..."
"Situated a short distance from Wrexham town centre is this first floor apartment benefitting from UPVC double glazing and wall mounted electric convection heaters. Wrexham has a wealth of shops, schools and local amenities, a railway station and excellent bus service to all local areas and b..."
"Guide Price £65,000 For sale by unconditional online auction, registration is now open. This two bedroom first floor flat is situated within easy reach of Wrexham City Centre and is convenient for all local amenities. The flat benefits from gas central heating and UPVC double glazing..."
"Situated to the rear of East Avenue , close to the town centre of Wrexham is this insulated single garage, the end one of four with parking available to the front. Wrexham has a wealth of shops, schools and public amenities, a regular bus service and railway station. All major road links lie..."
