Summary
"A beautifully presented, four bedroom, three storey, semi-detached home in a hugely popular residential development to the north of York. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hallway with downstairs W.C and understairs storage cupboard. The lounge is situated to the front of th..."
Fantastic investment opportunity
"**INVESTORS / DEVELOPERS** A stunning PERIOD PROPERTY converted into 18 FURNISHED STUDIO APARTMENTS, situated just outside York city walls within easy reach of the vibrant shops and restaurants along Micklegate, together with easy access to the city centre and railway station."
"On behalf of Joseph Rowntree Housing Trust, Savills are instructed to sell Lamel Beeches."
"Impressive double-fronted townhouse in a garden square, with off street parking"
"Outstanding city centre townhouse with walled garden, facing York Minster."
AN ELEGANT DOUBLE-FRONTED TOWNHOUSE WITH OFF STREET PARKING AND A SOUTH FACING GARDEN
"Wonderful quiet residential street with the fantastic Knavesmire, one of a large number of green open spaces close by"
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY. 6 FULLY LET APARTMENTS A range of 6 stunning, recently refurbished 1 and 2 bedroomed apartments in this handsome bay fronted period townhouse, a short distance from the city centre."
SUBSTANIAL CHARACTER PROPERTY SET IN A GOOD SIZED PLOT
A distinguished and elegantly proportioned end of terrace Grade II listed town house with a good sized garden and private parking in one of York's most desirable residential areas.
A handsome Grade II Listed townhouse providing versatile accommodation of impressive proportions with a large garden and ample parking.
"A stunning Georgian townhouse situated on a highly desirable road leading in to York city centre, with garden and parking"
"Exceptional Modernist house and annexe with grounds extending to 1.25 acres, on the edge of York Knavesmire."
A grand Victorian townhouse situated in a tree lined avenue less than a mile from York city walls
"Historic York town house within the city walls, beautifully restored."
"Believed to date back to the late 1700's, we are pleased to present to the market this substantial detached family home offering spacious living accommodation in this highly sought after location with an adjoining annex and detached four bedroom converted coach house. In total there is over 5700 ..."
"An elegant Grade II Listed townhouse just outside the city walls, providing versatile accommodation of impressive proportions and a landscaped garden."
Additional Annex and Four Bedroom Detached House | Three Garages | Over 5700 sq ft of Living Accommodation | Excellent Catchment for Schools
An impressive late Georgian townhouse with double garage and private walled garden
LARGE VICTORIAN TOWN HOUSE & SHOP Situated in this bustling and most desirable location this unique property has been the subject of an extensive range of modernisation and refurbishment by the present owners to the highest of standards it offers the rare opportunity to acquire a large terrace pr...
A rare opportunity to purchase a 4/5 bedroom period terrace house in the sought after Bishopthorpe Road with a shop or the potential for an extra living space. Situated in this bustling and most desirable location this unique property has been the subject of an extensive range of moder...
"Ryedale House is a newly converted development of residential apartments arranged over seven floors, with the advantage of secure undercroft residents parking and a grand entrance foyer with concierge service. Due to its stature and setting, Ryedale House offers unparalleled views across..."
"Operating as an independent four star guest house and located just outside York city walls and within a five minute walk to York Minster, we are offering the opportunity to acquire a C1 class commercial property. This eight bedroom period town house, comprises of six letting rooms, a re..."
"We are pleased to offer for sale this immaculately presented semi detached bungalow situated in the the popular and convenient location of Huntington. Located between Huntington Road and New Lane, the property lies close to a range of local amenities, primary & secondary schooling along with Monk..."
"A smartly presented semi-detached property, with the potential to expand (STPP), situated in a popular and sought after location."
BEAUTIFUL CHARACTER PROPERTY WITH VIEWS OF YORK MINSTER
No summary available.
"An impressive, recently updated DETACHED HOUSE set within wrap around gardens, situated in an enviable and quiet cul-de-sac off Water End in the CLIFTON area of York. The property is complimented by the unique neighbouring properties which have been transformed, having acquired the necessary plan..."
A Beautiful VICTORIAN TOWNHOUSE offering FIVE / SIX BEDROOMS retaining a WEALTH OF ORIGINAL PERIOD FEATURES. Situated in an ENVIABLE LOCATION overlooking nearby allotments together with panoramic views across YORK'S KNAVESMIRE and racecourse.
"A recently refurbished period townhouse with large garden and separate garage, close to the city centre"
"AN IDEAL INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY to purchase the freehold of this block of 7 apartments set in a popular location within 10 minutes walk of York city center. The properties are all currently let on short hold tenancies and have the potential for an income up to £70,000 per annum. The development ..."
"An impressive, beautifully restored circa 1870's DOUBLE FRONTED TERRACED TOWNHOUSE with an abundance of original and period features, situated in an enviable location close to York city centre."
"This wonderful detached home is nestled in a fabulous, mature plot occupying a prime position in this most sought after location. The Grove is a small, select development of substantial homes set just off Tadcaster Road and is well placed for access to the city centre and excellent commuter links..."
"Handsome Georgian townhouse situated in a charming cobbled street within a conservation area, situated just off Blossom Street"
"Forming part of this exclusive development, this magnificent flagship property holds the prime position at the entrance to the development on an elevated position with views overlooking York. The property is approximately two years old and benefits from the remainder of the NHBC warranty from new..."
A five bedroom detached house on the ever sought after Stockton Lane with an integral garage and an approximately 168 ft long rear garden. The house has recently been renovated by the current owner and is offered with no forward chain. The ground floor comprises of a formal front entran...
"An impressive five bedroom semi detached home located in the highly desirable area of Fulford, with a private and enclosed rear garden. Occupying an enviable position so close to York city centre, this home provides immaculate accommodation which spans over three floors. This property has undergo..."
"Every now and again something very special comes onto the property market and this impressive, substantial period home is no exception. Offering the best in suburban living, with its stylish kitchen and wealth of elegant period features and a sense of grandeur, this property will be incredibly po..."
A BEAUTIFULLY REFURBISHED TOWN HOUSE WITH FANTASTIC LIVING SPACE SITUATED IN A GORGEOUS RESIDENTIAL AREA VERY CLOSE TO THE CITY CENTRE.
"A superb example of a Grade II Listed townhouse, providing tastefully appointed accommodation of exquisite proportions within walking distance of the city centre and railway station. Accommodation comprises:- Entrance hall, sitting room, kitchen/dining room, utility, drawing roo..."
"Situated in one of York's most sought after streets, this large four storey forecourted mid terrace home has been the subject to an extensive scheme of refurbishment, carried out to the highest of standards. A generous extension has enhanced the internal accommodation by creating a large and open..."
City centre living at its best in this iconic building situated within York’s cultural heart.
A striking contemporary mews development in a private courtyard setting adjacent to the city walls.
This is a rare and super opportunity to purchase an iconic building under two miles from York city centre.
"** AVAILABLE NOW- NO ONWARD CHAIN** An enviable opportunity to acquire this attractive three-bedroom Grade II listed townhouse with fabulous views of the River Ouse, private garden and a much sought after parking space."
Wishart Estate Agents are delighted to offer this rare opportunity to acquire a spacious and well-appointed three-bedroom duplex penthouse apartment. Set over floors four and five in one of the city's most exclusive developments which was formally part of the famous Terry's Chocolate Works. Benef...
"A recently completed NEWLY CONVERTED THREE STOREY TOWNHOUSE finished to a high specification, situated in an enviable location a little off BOOTHAM and within easy reach of the city centre."
"An extended and modernised former three bedroom detached bungalow, located to the south west of York well placed for access to the city centre, many local amenities and green open spaces. The accommodation, a bright entrance hallway lit by two Velux windows, (part of the modern side ..."
"A STUNNING three bedroom PENTHOUSE apartment with BALCONY and PARKING, located in a PRESTIGIOUS development within the city walls with excellent access to YORK CITY CENTRE and the railway station. **Fully Complete and Available to View**."
"A five bedroom detached house in Fulford, with a south facing rear garden, double garage and views over a green to the front. Located in Fulford on a quiet green behind Fulford secondary school which has an Ofsted rating of outstanding, this five bedroom home with upgraded fixtures and f..."
"An extended detached modern five bedroom house in a quiet cul de sac off the popular Tadcaster Road. Located in Aldersyde next door to the historic ""Aldersyde House"" and the popular Tadcaster road, the property benefits from easy access to the A64 and York city centre. It is also a shor..."
"A wonderfully recently renovated and extended modern home, offering five bedrooms and in the catchment for Manor Church of England Academy which is an outstanding secondary school. The property has been extended and modernised by the current owner with a new roof, heating system and ele..."
"An exceptional two bedroom duplex penthouse with large roof terrace in an iconic building, close to the city centre and with easy access to the train station."
*** Viewing Recommended *** A PERIOD END TOWNHOUSE with the benefit of PARKING situated in the HEART OF YORK is this beautifully presented and newly refurbished house.
"Boasting one of the most sought after residential addresses in the city of York, is this extended detached family home. Moorgate is within walking distance of the city centre and the railway station as well as being well placed for excellent commuter links and a range of local amenities. "
"An extended detached house offering stylish accommodation, off street parking and a larger than average garden."
Extensive Grade II listed townhouse in a highly desirable area with private garden and garage
"Located to the west of York just off Boroughbridge Road, is this substantial four bedroom detached home with over 1900 sq ft of living accommodation and a beautiful, walled garden boasting mature trees and shrubbery. Kassandra was a bespoke built property constructed in the 1980's by a local buil..."
"An impressive and substantial contemporary townhouse within the city walls, with secure private parking and balcony. Offered with the convenience of vacant possession and no forward chain."
"A handsome Grade II listed town house overlooking York's only private gated garden square. St Paul's Square is within walking distance of the city centre, the railway station, and two prestigious local schools: St Peter's and The Mount. The property comprises of a charming entrance hallw..."
"An attractive Grade II listed town house situated in this sleepy cobbled lane overlooking St Martins Church, the property occupies a stunning location in the centre of the city, yet away from the hustle and bustle of the main city street. Micklegate boasts a wealth of independent shops ..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this unique 1930's detached house boasting original fireplaces, lots of character and charm and is offered for sale with the additional benefit of no onward chain. Situated in a desirable location just off Stockton Lane with a generous rear garden. "
A superb development of townhouses situated close to the Museum Gardens and within easy reach of York city centre and The Minster.
"A period semi detached home, in one of York's most sought after addresses. The property offers FOUR DOUBLE bedrooms, two reception rooms, a walled garden and outbuildings."
"A contemporary, TWO BEDROOM Apartment with BALCONY over looking the AWARD WINNING gardens, situated in an ENVIABLE location within the city walls and in CLOSE PROXIMITY of YORK STATION."
"***ATTENTION INVESTORS PLANNING PERMISSION APPROVED *** A large period property in a popular area of York with planning permission granted for the conversion into five apartments. Currently a 12 bedroom extended semi detached, planning has been approved for the conversion into..."
A fantastic four bedroom detached house with garden only four and half miles away from the city centre of York
An impressive period property ideally located on Nunnery Lane in the centre of York with views over the famous city walls
"A substantial and extended semi detached home situated on one of York's most popular addresses, consisting of four double bedrooms and offered with no onward chain. Modernisation is needed throughout and offers the next buyer the exciting opportunity to make it their own. Bootham Crescen..."
"A beautifully furnished two bedroom apartment over looking the River Foss, this wonderful two bedroom fourth floor apartment is the ideal weekend getaway and holiday let. Located in the sought after Ryedale House an exclusive luxury apartment building within York's historic city walls...."
"A six bedroom student let investment property located behind York St John University. Currently operating as a six bedroom licensed house of multiple occupancy, a most deceptive modern town house, situated in a central and convenient location less than half a mile from the city centre ..."
"A detached house with views over fields to the front and great potential located in Fulford school catchment (Ofsted rated outstanding) Located in Fulford on a quiet country lane with great links to country walks and the sought after primary and secondary schools, this three bedroom home..."
"A fantastic opportunity to buy this unique property, located right in the heart of York’s bustling city centre. Situated just a stones throw from York Minster this fabulous townhouse is set over 5 floors and has been incorporated into the modern Stonegate Court development. The property h..."
"A spacious TERRACED PERIOD PROPERTY, built in 1829, situated in a prime location on Nunnery Lane overlooking the City Walls. Currently the property comprises a SHOP AND OFFICE to the ground floor, above which is SPACIOUS LIVING ACCOMMODATION over three floors together with an ATTRACTIVE SOUTH FA..."
Luxury penthouse with generous sized balcony adjacent to the River Ouse and within minutes of the train station and the city centre
"Located in the popular residential area of Huntington, close to local amenities and with easy access to York city centre and further afield via the ring road, is this extended and tastefully presented four bedroom detached home. Perfect for a growing family, this home has been extended and renova..."
"A wonderful opportunity to update and redesign this detached family home in a highly desirable area of York, with the university less than half a mile away"
AN EXTENDED 5 BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH A 1 BEDROOM ANNEXE SET IN THIS HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER RESIDENTIAL AREA CLOSE TO POPULAR LOCAL AMENITIES AND WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE OF THE RAILWAY STATION AND THE CITY CENTRE. With the benefits of a good sized garden and off street parking the spacious...
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a collection of three investment properties, located in the popular Fulford area of the city."
"A truly charming property located on one of York's most sought after addresses. Moorgate is a beautiful treelined avenue positioned within 1.5 miles of the city centre, railway station and local amenities. Nearby is the beautiful nature reserve of Hob Moor. Also the property sits with easy reach ..."
"A superb four bedroom period property situated just off Fulford Road, just a 10 minute walk from the city centre. This spacious home boasts stunning original features, a rear courtyard and a primary bedroom with an en suite to the second floor."
UNEXPECTEDLY RE-OFFERED A Pair Of Flats With Garaging Offering Great Potential In One Of York's Most Sought After Areas
"Enjoying a discreet location tucked away in the hears of this historic city with York Minster views, this delightful mews apartment offers luxurious accommodation with secure parking. It is a unique home and requires viewing in order to be fully appreciated. It would make an ideal second proper..."
70% NOW RESERVED. An impressive three bedroom penthouse apartment available in the new Cocoa Works development.
"Simon Says ""The perfect way to start your day is to open your front door looking straight on to one of the most iconic windmills in Britain! This fabulous and extended home that also boasts views across to the White Horse has one of the most unique locations in York and makes a fabulous fami..."
"Two semi detached bungalows and a rear plot with potential located on the popular Beckfield Lane. Separated into two properties by the current owner, these two bedroom bungalows have been popular for let and provide the current owner with an income. The accommodation in brief - "
"NO FORWARD CHAIN - An outstanding four bedroom, period terrace with forecourt on this quiet residential street just off Bishopthorpe Road and moments away from Rowntree Park. The property has recently been extended and undergone a full programme of refurbishment to an exceptionally high standard ..."
"A truly stunning, four bedroom detached home in the sought after Huntington area of York. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hallway with stairs leading to the first floor. There is also a downstairs W.C and built in cupboard. To the rear of the property is the magnificent, e..."
A stunning refurbished two bedroom duplex apartment with secure parking within an historic building in the heart of the city.
"Amazingly large townhouse with five double bedrooms, two bathrooms plus WC, breakfast kitchen and seperate dining area, single garage and off street parking, front and rear gardens and all just a short walk into the centre of York and close by to St Peter's School."
"An immaculate 3 bedroom victorian townhouse situated in a peaceful enclave off Bishopthorpe Road, adjoining Rowntree Park."
IMMACULATE FAMILY HOME
This fantastic modern end-town house has spacious accommodation laid out over three floors including three double bedrooms and benefits from a garage with additional off street parking.
"** CHAIN FREE ** Redecorated throughout, new carpets, new bathroom, 3 bedrooms, extended and with a ground floor shower room ** MUST VIEW **"
A luxury fifth floor apartment with garden views within a highly sought-after apartment building
"70% NOW RESERVED. An impressive three bedroom, penthouse apartment available in the new Cocoa Works development."
"Are you looking for a change of lifestyle, enjoy your independence but require support on occasion, then look no further as Lavender Fields could be the development that you have been waiting for. The site has been developed to provide individuals or couples with a place to make new friends, k..."
"Charming townhouse situated in a highly desirable area, the property is well positioned for the city centre."
"A surprisingly spacious, immaculate and beautifully appointed 3 bedroomed garden fronted Town House, built to a high specification with contemporary fittings, and enjoying a delightful sunny position overlooking the feature Chocolate Orange Sculpture and greens, within this highly popular and awa..."
"This impressive four storey modern town-house offers five bedrooms, spacious living accommodation and the huge advantage of two secure allocated parking spaces."
"**** ATTENTION INVESTORS **** A charming bay fronted Edwardian property with the versatility to become a family home or continue as an investment property with six bedrooms estimated to bring in a combined gross income of approx. £38,000 from July 2022 to July 2023. New contract has been sig..."
"A stylish 5 bedroom townhouse facing York city walls, with the rare benefit of off-street parking."
"This hugely impressive semi-detached property has been extended to offer five bedrooms, three generous reception rooms and is set on a spacious plot with a delightful lawned rear garden."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN! A beautifully presented four bedroom, three-storey townhouse that has undergone a course of renovations; including all bathrooms, kitchen and a new boiler, is located on a sought after street in the heart of York city centre. Upon entering the property you have an en..."
"This substantial detached bungalow is set just off Tadcaster Road, to the south west of York in an ideal position for access to the city centre as well as excellent transport links. The Spinney is a small collection of properties occupying a cul de sac location which offers a real sense of peace ..."
"A contemporary 3/4 bedroom townhouse with parking and a garden, situated in a peaceful development adjacent to York Racecourse."
"A fantastic forecourted, period three bedroom townhouse, retaining a wealth of original features, being situated within the very heart of the ever popular south bank area of York, only a few minutes walk from ‘Bishy Road’."
This stylish property offers versatile living accommodation over three floors and benefits the highest levels of energy efficiency including underfloor zoned heating throughout and heat and noise insulating glazing. The property is situated in this sought after location just over half a ...
NO FORWARD CHAIN - LARGE LIVING AREAS - SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN ONTO PLAYING FIELDS - POTENTIAL FOR FURTHER EXTENSION! Churchills are delighted to offer for sale this fabulous four bedroom detached family home in this highly sought after residential area convenient for York City Centre and the o...
A fantastic opportunity to purchase this unique family home in a sought after residential location to the west of York. Upon entering the property you have an entrance porch which leads through to a hallway with downstairs W.C and built in storage cupboard. The kitchen is located to the ...
"A semi detached period cottage in the popular village of Fulford on the outskirts York, set within 0.7 of an acre of garden, offering the potential for extension subject to the necessary permissions. Located in Fulford, this historic and popular village benefits from excellent nearby sc..."
"A fourth floor holiday let apartment with a distinctive and modern corner of glass, ideal for city central living or investment. Currently achieving approximately £3418.37 gross Income per month. Ryedale House is a newly converted development of residential apartments arranged over s..."
"Simon Says ""This extended home offers so much space and flexibility to its 1700 sqft of living accommodation including a conservatory offering lovely views down the garden, which with its west facing orientation enjoys sunshine throughout the day until the evening. This will appeal to many f..."
A beautifully presented and sympathetically updated VICTORIAN TERRACED HOUSE with CONTEMPORARY KITCHEN and SECOND FLOOR attic bedroom situated inside the city walls.
"WELCOME TO KEITH AVENUE, this stunning completely modernised and extended double fronted house situated in the popular village of Huntington close to the schools and amenities. Four double bedrooms, two bathrooms and open plan living space make this a perfect family home ready to move into."
"A modern apartment converted from a beautiful period building within the heart of York city centre offering a range of period features with modern facilities. St Leonard’s Place is an iconic building situated within York’s cultural heart, being neighbours of the York Theatre Royal, York..."
"A substantial family home located within a popular residential area, a short walk from York Knavesmire and the local amenities Tadcaster Road has to offer. A much loved home over the years, this property provides ample living accommodation throughout and offers the next owners the exciting opport..."
Large Open Plan Kitchen/Diner/Living Space | Generous Garden | Perfect Family Home | En-suite to Master
"Investment opportunity.  This licensed HMO currently producing gross rent of £34,800 (with opportunity to increase) has 5 double letting rooms, all fully occupied and presents a superb opportunity for an investor.  Located in Heworth it provides good access to both universities..."
"A large extended family home with an added WOW! If you are looking for a detached property with generous room sizes, wow factor kitchen and two bathrooms with additional cloakroom, utility room and garage....STOP you have found it here with Quantum! This property is sure to sell fast, please call..."
A stunning detached house extensively refurbished throughout offering spacious family accommodation with the added benefit of a garden room
This traditional two bedroom semi-detached house is immaculately presented throughout and benefits from a central location situated just off The Mount & Tadcaster Road. The property is a short walk to both the city centre and railway station as well as the Knavesmire offering recreation space for...
"An exclusive development of just eight luxury apartments with private balconies and parking, overlooking the River Foss and Clifford's Tower."
"With features including FRENCH DOORS off the kitchen / diner / family room, a FEATURE BAY WINDOW in the lounge, a SEPARATE LAUNDRY ROOM, a DOWNSTAIRS WC, EN-SUITE TO TWO OF THE BEDROOMS, a DRESSING AREA in principal bedroom, an INTEGRAL GARAGE, a 10-YEAR NHBC WARRANTY included and the ability to ..."
"**** OPEN PLAN LAYOUT **** A most attractive 3 bedroom detached bungalow offering modern living accommodation with low maintenance, south facing garden within one of York's most sought after locations."
"A superb, light and airy three bedroom, first floor luxury apartment with front and rear balconies and two secure parking spaces in this well regarded development. The development is accessed via electric gates into the communal grounds and parking area and a security system provides e..."
"A stunning four story, five bedroom townhouse in a sought after residential development just off Tadcaster Road. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hallway which gives access to the integral garage as well as the downstairs W.C and boiler cupboard. There is a useful room to the r..."
"Set on this enviable corner plot, just off Stockton Lane, is this extended three bedroom semi detached home. Located to the east of York and within close proximity to varied local amenities, such as Monks Cross & Vangarde shopping centres, schools, commuter links to the city centre and further af..."
"A substantial family home set in the popular residential area of Acomb, offered with no onward chain. Acomb is positioned to the west of York and benefits from a variety of local amenities, schools and commuter links to York city centre, whilst also being close to the ring road for quick access t..."
We are pleased to offer to the market this wonderful Mid terraced property in the sought after location of Upper Price Street. Set a short distance from Bishopthorpe Road the property is close to all the local amenities and has a quiet feel while still being within a mile of York City Centre. T...
City centre penthouse apartment with outstanding York Minster views.
"Situated in the popular and sought after HEWORTH area of York is this extended and beautifully presented TRADITIONAL SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE offering SUPERB FAMILY ACCOMMODATION good sized garden, garage and off street parking."
"70% NOW RESERVED. A sumptuous two bedroom penthouse apartment with both a bathroom and an en-suite, available in the new Cocoa Works development."
"This is a brand-new fourth floor apartment in the superb Icona Development - an exemplary collection of 32 Apartments offering sophisticated and stylish living. These apartments benefit from lift access, a private balcony per apartment and well-maintained communal areas. Icona is York's entry in..."
***STUNNING FAMILY HOME ***SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION ***FOUR DOUBLE BEDROOMS ***SUPERB EXTENDED SCAMMEL KITCHEN/DINER ***UTILITY ROOM ***CLOAKROOM/W.C ***HOME OFFICE LODGE ***GOOD SIZE REAR GARDEN ***CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES ***BEAUTIFULLY PRESENTED THROUGHOUT ***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***
*** Ideal family home situated in popular residential location with no onward chain ***
"Investment opportunity.  A stylish two double bedroom apartment in this modern, sought after and central York development.  With a wrap around balcony, a living area bathed in natural light from extensive windows it also benefits from 2 secure parking spaces, modern fitted kitchen, b..."
"A superb extended semi detached home is situated in this extremely sought after location with great access to York University, York city centre and the outer ring road. This extensive family home has been the subject of an extensive and tasteful scheme of modernisation and improvements ..."
"Just a short walk from the acclaimed Bishopthorpe Road, historic city walls and York Knavesmire, is this period mid terrace home which retains many original features. Much loved for many years, this property has been a wonderful home and is ready to move in to by the next owners. Intern..."
"Located in the pretty village of Knapton and situated on a generous plot with a SOUTH-WEST facing garden overlooking fields, is this modern and tastefully decorated two bedroom detached bungalow. Knapton is located to the west of York and is conveniently placed for easy access to Acomb and York c..."
"A two bedroom, two bathroom penthouse apartment with private parking and decked terrace. Currently run as a successful holiday let investment property, earning £40,000 in the first six months of this year."
"An Investment property to purchase with tenancy in place with a gross annual income of £25,200. This represents a 5.04% gross yield. A superb fourth floor apartment offered at this discounted price in this superb position this sought after and central development development. ..."
A stunning three bedroom duplex apartment in an exclusive development in the heart of York city centre. The development is accessed via a communal entrance with intercom system. Upon entering the communal hall there is a lift and stairs leading to all floors. Upon entering the apartment i...
"Located off Bootham, and on the desirable road of St Olaves Road, is this beautiful Victorian town house with impressive bays and a forecourt entrance. This property has been well maintained by the current owner and offers spacious living throughout whilst being within walking distance of the cit..."
Modern two bedroomed apartment in a highly sought-after area of York
"*** Great investment opportunity achieving a 5.5% return with four individual rooms rented out for a total of £2,300pcm ***"
A superb four bedroom Victorian terraced house within an ideal location of York.
"Redmove are delighted to offer for sale this substantial period town house situated in the popular village of Heworth. Boasting two reception rooms, large dining kitchen, three good sized double bedrooms and a rear garden! Viewing is must to appreciate the size of accommodation on offer. "
"An IMPRESSIVE fourth floor, TWO BEDROOM apartment located in a PRESTIGIOUS city centre development with views over the CITY WALLS and exceptionally close to the railway station and city centre."
A STUNNING top floor TWO BEDROOM apartment enjoying CITY VIEWS and located in an enviable location close to the RAILWAY STATION and CITY CENTRE.
"House/duplex apartment in a landmark Georgian building just outside York city walls, with parking."
"A substantial city centre apartment in excess of 1100 square feet ideally positioned in the heart of YO1. This enviably quiet position could not be more convenient; just off Walmgate, York's premier area for sophisticated socialising and eating out. This significant 2 bedroom apartment commands ..."
"A rare opportunity has arisen to acquire this fantastic three double bedroom, detached home located in this popular residential area."
"Ryedale House is an exclusive luxury apartment within the city walls. Situated on the sixth floor, this two double bedroom apartment with two bathrooms is ideal for either city central living or as a holiday home. Ryedale House is a newly converted development of residential apartments arranged o..."
"With features including DETACHED GARAGE, FRENCH DOORS to lounge and dining room, FEATURE BAY WINDOW in SEPARATE DINING ROOM, EN-SUITE to principal bedroom, a 10-YEAR NHBC guarantee and the ability to PRE-RESERVE ONLINE, this fantastic 4 bedroom detached home on Langley Gate development could be y..."
"A spacious and smartly presented townhouse, with a garage and a garden, conveniently placed in the centre."
"A spacious 5 bedroom townhouse within the city walls in one of York s most prestigious modern developments. The accommodation comprises on the ground floor a spacious entrance hallway, study, cloakroom/w.c, utility room and a superb kitchen/dining room with french doors opening onto a pr..."
"A beautifully presented three bedroom period home located in a sought after location just off Haxby Road, boasting a short twelve minute walk to the city centre. This home has been tastefully designed throughout with a spacious primary bedroom on the second floor as well as a fantastic rear garden."
"An IMPRESSIVE SECOND FLOOR, two bedroom apartment, located in the SOUGHT AFTER, AWARD WINNING, PRESTIGIOUS, HQ development within the city walls with excellent access to YORK CITY CENTRE and the railway station. **Fully Complete and Available to View**."
"Located to the east of York within the highly regarded Derwenthorpe development, this immaculately presented four bedroom home offers spacious and versatile living accommodation. This family home is ideally placed for easy access to the city centre, University of York, whilst within close proxim..."
"Set in a quiet cul-de-sac in a popular residential area of Woodthorpe, ideally positioned for easy access to the city centre and the A64, is this stylish & modern four bedroom detached home. The property has been much improved by the current owners and is immaculately presented througho..."
"A lovely 4 double bedroom, 2 bathroom detached family house with a fabulous west facing rear garden."
**NO ONWARD CHAIN **DESIRABLE LOCATION OF HOLGATE **VIEWING HIGHLY ADVISED **EASY ACCESS TO CITY CENTRE **TRADITIONAL THREE BED SEMI **THREE PIECE FAMILY MODERN BATHROOM **MODERN FITTED KITCHEN**ENCLOSED PRIVATE GARDENS **OFF STREET PARKING **SINGLE DETACHED GARAGE**VIEWING A MUST**
"Welcome to this exceptionally spacious and welcoming four bedroom semi detached property located on the very popular road of Beckfield Lane in York. This home has an abundance of sort after features, including generous sized gardens, good sized bedrooms and a beautiful open plan kitchen family room."
"Situated on one of the most sought after roads in York, this 4 bedroom semi detached property, with 2 bedroom self contained annex gives any family a fabulous versatile home to call their own. With open fields to the front and rear of the property, space for multiple vehicles with off road par..."
"Set to the west of York, this substantial semi detached home has been thoughtfully extended and improved to offer spacious and flexible accommodation. Askham Lane is a leafy street set just a short walk from the heart of Acomb and its many varied amenities as well as being well placed for access ..."
"Stephensons are pleased to offer for sale this stunning forecourted three bedroom period townhouse. Beautifully kept and maintained, retaining a wealth of its original features. Close to the ever popular Bishopthorpe Road high street, this house is sure to appeal to any discerning buyer."
Spacious First Floor Apartment | No Forward Chain | Balcony and Separate Communal Courtyard | Bathroom and En-Suite Wet Room
"Redmove are proud to bring to market this bright and spacious three bedroom semi detached home situated on a large corner plot offered for sale with the benefit of no onward chain. With two modern reception rooms, two double bedrooms, ground floor office / third bedroom and potential to extend STPP."
"Located within the highly regarded conversion of Biba House and situated in the most enviable position on St Saviourgate, is this impressive two bedroom apartment spanning over TWO floors and with TWO parking spaces. Immaculately presented throughout, this apartment offers stunning views..."
"A beautifully presented, three bedroom detached bungalow that has undergone a significant course of renovation by the current owner in the highly sought after Heworth area of York. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hallway that gives access to all other ground floor rooms. T..."
"A charming, double fronted Victorian TERRACED HOUSE, in need of MODERNISATION THROUGHOUT, set in a superb location tucked away below the CITY WALLS yet within easy reach of the city centre and the vibrant shopping and restaurant life available on Micklegate."
"An Investment property to purchase with tenancy in place with an approximate gross annual income of £23,400. This represents a 4.98% gross yield. A superb third floor apartment offered at this discounted price in this superb position this sought after and central development development..."
"70% NOW RESERVED. This brand new two bedroom, fifth floor apartment has over 1000 square ft. of living space."
"A fantastic two bedroom apartment with parking, located in a prestigious development within the city walls with excellent access to YORK CITY CENTRE and the railway station "
***NO FORWARD CHAIN***ENJOYING THIS FANTASTIC POSITION ***SUBSTANTIAL DETACHED FAMILY HOME ***FOUR GOOD SIZE BEDROOMS***THREE RECEPTION ROOMS ***CUL DE SAC POSITION ***BRIGHT AND AIRY ***WELL PRESENTED ***ENCLOSED GARDEN ***DESIRABLE LOCATION ***EASY ACCESS TO YORK RING ROAD***HIGHLY RECOMMEND A ...
"A fantastic four bedroom family home is down a quiet cul-de-sac in the popular residential location of Rawcliffe. This wonderful property boasts spacious interiors & exteriors, surrounded by many amenities on Clifton Moor, local schools & great transport links to the city centre & outer ring road."
"A well presented, spacious three bedroom home with a fantastic sized garden and countryside views, located in the highly sought after village of Nether Poppleton."
A newly built and superb four bedroom semi detached finished to a high specification and set within a popular residential location close to York city centre.
"This is a brand-new first floor apartment in the superb Icona Development - an exemplary collection of 32 Apartments offering sophisticated and stylish living. These apartments benefit from lift access, a private balcony per apartment and well-maintained communal areas. Icona is York's entry int..."
"An attractive Victorian townhouse in a popular residential area of York, benefiting from a lovely garden and off street parking."
"A four bedroom detached student let investment property with a driveway, located behind York St John University. Currently operating as a four bedroom student let, situated in a central and convenient location less than half a mile from the city centre itself, with a range of local am..."
"A four bedroom extended semi detached house, a short walk from Acomb shops. Located to the west of York, well placed for access to the city centre and just a short walk from a wealth of amenities the local area has to offer. Extended to the rear and loft space this property will offer t..."
"This wonderful town house is located in the heart of the city, in a quiet quarter yet just a short walk from vibrant hustle and bustle of the city's shops, bars, eateries and varied amenities. Set over three floors, the property offers spacious and flexible accommodation which briefly co..."
"A wonderful period home with stunning views over The Knavesmire, boasting three bedrooms and two reception rooms."
"Ryedale House is a newly converted development of residential apartments arranged over seven floors, with the advantage of secure undercroft residents parking and a grand entrance foyer with concierge service. The distinctive building is much larger than similar developments standing tal..."
"A period semi detached house with a private rear garden and garage, located in the popular Holgate area of York in a quiet cul de sac. Holgate is to the west of York and is a very popular residential area, mainly due to its easy access to the city centre and railway station as well as ex..."
A superb top floor 3 bedroom apartment in this popular residential development in the heart of the City.
"An attractive and well presented TRADITIONAL THREE BEDROOM DORMER BUNGALOW WITH SIDE AND FIRST FLOOR EXTENSIONS, situated in a small cul-de-sac on a corner plot. The property lies within easy reach of the A59 Boroughbridge Road and the York outer ring road."
Simply Stunning! Located South of the City in the popular Germany Beck development is this beautifully presented three bedroom detached family home. 
"Located in the extremely popular residential area of Knapton Lane, occupying a plot of approximately 35 of an acre, is this beautifully presented and well-appointed 3 bedroomed semi-detached bungalow with separate self-contained one bedroomed annex. The bungalow has been sympathetically extended..."
"Bishops Personal agents bring to the market a fantastic development opportunity to put your own stamp and style on a three storey period home, on one of Yorks most enviable streets just off the Mount! Perfect for commuters and those who wish to live just off the city centre. This period property ..."
"The opportunity to purchase this project property, that has already been extended by the current owners to create an approximately 2183 sq ft, four bedroom, semi detached home on a significant plot. Located at the end of a quiet cul de sac, set to the east of York and is ideally place..."
A spacious and well proportioned four bedroom MODERN DETACHED FAMILY HOME situated in a prime location close to the York outer ring road and within easy reach of York City centre.
"An immaculately presented two bed duplex with private terrace, situated in one of the most sought after areas of York."
"Offered for sale with the benefit of no onward chain is this bright and spacious semi detached house situated on the award winning Derwenthorpe estate boasting energy efficient ""lifestyle"" homes. With three double bedrooms (potential for a fourth), two bathrooms and a large garden!"
"A beautifully presented period home positioned in the sought after area of Acomb, walking distance from the varied local amenities Front Street has to offer, commuter links to York city centre and further afield via the ring road. Beautifully presented throughout with generous living accomodation..."
** AVAILABLE TO VIEW ** A superb TWO BEDROOM penthouse floor apartment with BALCONY in an enviable location WITHIN the CITY WALLS close to the city centre and RAILWAY STATION. RARE INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY.
"This wonderful, spacious town house is located just off Huntington Road, ideally positioned for access to the city centre, varied commuter links and local amenities. This small collection of homes on Maplehurst Avenue enjoy an unusually private position for such a central location. The ..."
Beautifully decorated two bedroom apartment close to the race course with the benefit of two parking spaces.
"70% NOW RESERVED. A superb two bedroom apartment with both a bathroom and an en-suite, available in the new Cocoa Works development."
70% NOW RESERVED. A sumptuous two bedroom penthouse apartment with a fantastic roof terrace and high specification throughout.
"This is a brand-new third floor apartment in the superb Icona Development - an exemplary collection of 32 Apartments offering sophisticated and stylish living. These apartments benefit from lift access, a private balcony per apartment and well-maintained communal areas. Icona is York's entry int..."
"Simon Says ""A great family home which has four bedrooms and an open plan Kitchen leading to 18' Orangery with bi-folding doors. The garden hosts a Bar which creates the perfect space for entertaining guests!"""
"A well presented MODERN DETACHED HOUSE situated within a HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION lying within easy access of York city centre, outer ring road and the village of POPPLETON."
"An immaculate two bedroom duplex apartment within a prestigious development with balcony and two parking spaces, ideally placed for the local amenities and the train station."
"Churchills are delighted to offer for sale this double fronted period town house, set in this highly sought after location just off Monkgate and only a short walk to the city centre with its range of amenities, York St Johns University & York Hospital. Recently used as a multiple let with 4 bedro..."
"A wonderful family home set in the popular residential area of Rawcliffe. Set to the north of York, and within a popular residential area, is this spacious and extended three bedroom detached home. Much loved over the years by the current owners, this property is ready to move into. Hol..."
"A beautifully presented and EXTENDED, SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE, situated in a cul-de-sac location in the popular RAWCLIFFE area of York."
"Situated on the main street of Acomb, with its wide range of shops and local amenities, this attractive, traditional, semi-detached house offers an opportunity to update a lovely family home."
"Located on one of the most popular Avenues in Acomb, with a generous west facing rear garden, is this three bedroom semi detached home. Much loved over the years and well presented throughout, this property could make a wonderful family home. The internal accommodation comprises an entr..."
"A stunning three bedroom, traditional family home that has been fully renovated throughout to a very high specification, boasting a short walk to local amenities, under a 30 minute walk to the city centre and under a 20 minute walk to The University of York."
"A beautifully presented, updated and extended TRADITIONAL SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE situated in the popular location of New Earswick, with convenient access to the ring road, A64 and city centre."
"A superb two-bedroom detached bungalow, constructed in 2010, and choicely situated in a peaceful location off Tadcaster Road. Finished to a high standard, the property has underfloor heating installed throughout, with solar thermal panel and low-wattage lighting offering reduced running costs and..."
"70% NOW RESERVED. A superb two bedroom first floor apartment with both a bathroom and an en-suite, available in the new Cocoa Works development."
"A 1930's THREE bedroom semi detached home, with great potential to extend and modernise. The property is located just off Clifton Green, and within walking distance to York City centre. OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN"
"**** NO ONWARD CHAIN **** A well maintained detached house positioned in this most sought after location, offering 4 bedroom accommodation, integral garage and private rear garden."
"A perfect family home situated in one of York's most popular locations of FULFORD ! Located in this quiet cul-de-sac ideally positioned for great access to Fulford Senior School and the University of York is this versatile EXTENDED family home which briefly comprises; entrance hallway, l..."
An Investment property to purchase with tenancy in place with a gross annual income of £21300. This represents a 5.01% gross yield. A superb second floor apartment offered at this discounted price in this superb position this sought after and central development development. T...
"A lovely mid terrace period house, situated in the extremely sought after Scarcroft Road area of York just a stone's throw from the vibrant hustle and bustle of Bishopthorpe Road shops. The property has been well maintained by the current owners and briefly comprises; entrance lobby, ent..."
A large period end terrace town house converted into three separate flats all on one title. The immaculately presented apartments come with tenants in situ and are therefore offered as a buy to let investment. The vendor has informed us that the total income is approximately £29940 per annu...
"A modern and very well presented five bedroom detached family house with accommodation arranged over three floors. The accommodation briefly comprises; two spacious reception rooms, breakfast kitchen with integrated appliances, utility room, cloak room/WC, five bedrooms including two ..."
Stunning open plan kitchen/diner/lounge | Excellent location | Beautiful family home
"A modern and luxurious 2 bedroom apartment with parking and views over the river Foss, set within the city walls."
"An immaculate, two double bedroom duplex apartment with secure allocated parking. Situated in an enviable location off The Mount on Tadcaster Road, perfectly positioned for easy access to York Railway Station, excellent local schools and the City Centre."
"This impressive four bedroom, three storey modern town-house is located in a sought after area just a stone’s throw from the heart of the city centre."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN- THREE BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE SET WITHIN THIS SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION WITH OFF-STREET PARKING! Positioned in the heart of York's desirable South Bank, moments away from the ever-popular Bishopthorpe Road and Rowntree Park, and within walking distance of York city centre and th..."
"A superb four bedroom detached family home, presented to a very high standard with integral garage and ample off-road parking. The property is situated in a sought-after location in Rawcliffe and is conveniently placed to access the wide-ranging local amenities. Offering generous and fl..."
"A modern three bedroom townhouse with walled garden and garage, ideally located within the city walls and accessible to the train station"
TRADITIONAL FAMILY HOME - THREE SPACIOUS BEDROOMS - SOUGHT - AFTER LOCATION - OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - ATTRACTIVE LAWNED GARDENS - TWO RECEPTION ROOMS - IN NEED OF UPDATING - SMART VIEWINGS ALSO AVAILABLE.
"This is a brand-new first floor apartment in the superb Icona Development - an exemplary collection of 32 Apartments offering sophisticated and stylish living. These apartments benefit from lift access, a private balcony per apartment, well-maintained communal areas and parking available. Icona ..."
"EXTENDED FOUR BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOUSE WITH SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN. Located on this quiet cul-de-sac this impressive family sized home is served by many local amenities, schools as well as the outer ring road. The bright and spacious living accommodation comprises entrance hallway, lounge wi..."
"Bishops Personal Agents bring to the market this fabulous three bedroom Penthouse apartment situated within this distinctive development of Hungate, which is centrally located with the historic city walls. Offering the best in top floor living, boasting some excellent views across the York skylin..."
A beautifully presented 3 bedroom period terrace house with a south facing garden situated just 0.2 miles south of York’s city walls.
"An impressive two bedroom end-terrace property offering spacious accommodation including two reception rooms, a large fitted kitchen and a first floor bathroom."
"Stunning 2 bedroom luxury apartment with split level accommodation located on the third floor of one of York's most exclusive developments, The Residence Bishopthorpe Road."
A stunning apartment located in the heart of York city centre offering approximately 900 sqft of living space. The development is accessed via a communal entrance with electronic keypad entry. From the communal entrance hall there is a lift and stairs leading to all floors. Upon entering...
"A traditional semi-detached property, offering potential to extend (STPP), situated in a highly sought-after location. The accommodation, that benefits from gas central heating and double glazing comprises of an entrance porch, entrance hall, living/dining room and a kitchen. To the first floo..."
"*** Viewing Recommended *** A TRADITIONAL SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE lying within the sought after Fulford Area of York with good sized front and rear gardens and detached garage. Situated in a quiet location off Fulford Road with easy access to the city centre, an abundance of local amenities, A64 oute..."
"Beautifully modernised and offered with no onward chain is this modern, well presented extended family home. "
"A beautifully presented and spacious four bedroom family home situated in the sought after location of Acomb, west of the city centre. The property has been recently renovated throughout and extended to the side and to the rear, creating a fantastic family home."
"An Investment property to purchase with tenancy in place with a gross annual income of £20,100. This represents a 5.03% gross yield. A superb ground floor apartment offered at this discounted price on the ground floor of this sought after development. The properties are fitted..."
"Located in the popular area of Holgate, boasting easy access to York City Centre, various commuter links and many local amenities Acomb has to offer. The property has undergone a scheme of renovation and modernisation throughout, creating spacious living accommodation. The internal acco..."
"An extended three bedroom semi detached house, with a two bedroom annex ideal for an extra income or for a family member. Located in the pleasant area of Clifton Moor at the end of a private cul de sac. The area benefits from a range local amenities including, restaurants, supermarkets a..."
A well-proportioned maisonette on an award-winning development in a prime location just off the popular Bishopthorpe Road
"Simon Says ""Situated in one of York's most sought after locations is this fabulous period terrace which also boasts some original features but blended in with a modern and contemporary theme. Along with the two bedrooms and a first floor bathroom is an additional loft room accessed via a..."
A deceptively spacious three bedroom detached bungalow situated on this generous plot with gardens to all sides and the benefit of a conservatory to the rear. The property has great potential for extension subject to acquiring the necessary permissions. The accommodation amounts to appr...
"A well-presented, extended, semi-detached home in the hugely popular Fulford area of York. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hallway with stairs leading to the first floor. The modern kitchen diner is located to the front of the property and features a range of base and wall uni..."
"A three bedroom, detached bungalow in the sought after village of Knapton, located within the ring road to the west of York. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hall which gives access to the majority of other rooms. The living room is located to the front of the property and bene..."
"An impeccable 3 bedroom period townhouse with a delightful walled courtyard garden, ideally located close to York city centre."
"This superb York terrace sits on a residential street, within walking distance of the city walls and York Minster. Closer to hand are Glen Gardens with children’s play area, local shops and a primary school. Upon entering the property there are original tiles in the hallway and a..."
"An immaculately presented, extended four bedroomed semi-detached home, benefitting from a loft conversion providing a wonderful master bedroom with an en-suite shower room."
"Set within the sought after residential area off Scarcroft Road and near the local amenities of the renowned Bishopthorpe Road, is this wonderful period town house which retains many original features. A much loved home, this property has been sympathetically updated by the current owner and is r..."
"An immaculately presented 3 bedroom semi-detached house enjoying open views, situated in the popular Fulford area of York."
"This substantial detached bungalow is set to the North of York in this most sought after residential area. Connaught Way is well placed for access to the city centre, good transport links and the many local amenities the area has to offer including Huntington village and Vangarde retail park yet ..."
"Bishops Personal Agents bring to the market a fabulous mid terraced house, located in the very popular location of Heslington Road with a wealth of elegant and charming period features including cast iron fireplaces with marble surrounds and ornate ceiling coving. Set back from the road side, thi..."
"A well-presented, three bedroom, semi-detached Dorma bungalow in the highly sought after Huntington area of York. The property is accessed via a side door leading to an entrance porch and then into the kitchen diner. There is a range of base and wall units, space for a table and chairs as wel..."
"Viewing Highly Recommended for this contemporary house within a small development in the attractive village of Osbaldwick, this much loved 1970's LINK DETACHED HOUSE offers good sized accommodation, a delightful garden and garage."
"70% NOW RESERVED. A wonderful two bedroom, fourth floor apartment placed in the new Cocoa Works development."
"70% NOW RESERVED. An exceptional two bedroom, third floor west facing apartment placed in the new Cocoa Works development."
"Westgate Apartments is a sought-after development adjacent to the River Ouse, just outside the historic walls of York."
"An Investment property to purchase with tenancy in place with a gross annual income of £20,100. This represents a 5.09% gross yield. A superb first floor apartment offered at this discounted price in this superb position this sought after and central development development. T..."
"Offered for sale with the benefit of no onward chain is this spacious three bedroom semi detached home situated in a desirable location within walking distance to York City Centre and Hospital. Boasting two large reception rooms, extended kitchen, ground floor w/c, large garage and generous gardens."
"A two Bedroom 1st Floor apartment overlooking the river Foss, ideal for city centre living or investment. Ryedale House is a newly converted development of residential apartments arranged over seven floors, with the advantage of secure undercroft residents parking and a grand entrance f..."
This extended four bedroom semi-detached family home in the popular area of Rawcliffe is definitely one not to be missed! Offered for sale with no onward chain.
"Set to the north of York, this traditional semi detached home has been thoughtfully extended and offers spacious, flexible living space. Florence Grove is a small cul-de-sac of homes in a popular residential area which is ideal for access to the city centre as well as good commuter links and loc..."
"Redmove are delighted to bring to market this extended and well presented three bedroom semi detached house situated in a quiet cul de sac boasting spacious accommodation throughout. With three reception rooms, three bedrooms and a good sized rear garden. "
"**Attention Investors!!Perfect for Buy to Serviced Accommodation With up to 15% yield. Unique opportunity in this current market, Get in touch to Learn more**"
"Simon Says ""Set on the sunny side of a sought after and tree lined street, is this excellent three bedroom home which also has a conservatory, offering more flexibility to the living accommodation. A great family home with a garden that represents it well!"""
"Ryedale House is an exclusive luxury apartment within the city walls. Situated on the first floor, this two double bedroom apartment with two bathrooms is ideal for either city central living or as a holiday home. Ryedale House is a newly converted development of residential apartments ..."
"Redmove are proud to offer for sale this recently refurbished four bedroom detached home in a desirable location just off Stockton Lane. Completed to a high standard and briefly comprising; four / five bedrooms, two bathrooms, modern kitchen, lounge and a private rear garden! "
An exceptional three bedroom apartment situated in the very heart of York City Centre. 
"Bishops Personal Agents offer for sale a fantastic and particularly immaculately presented stylish semi-detached townhouse, situated in the heart of this very popular Sovereign Park development, just off Boroughbridge Road. Offering the best in city suburb living in a quiet cul-de-sac, also perfe..."
Representing an excellent investment opportunity. The mid-terrace property is currently let to four students and has been continuously since pre. 2012. The four double bedroomed property is well presented and has been well maintained by the current owner and the accommodation extends over three f...
"This is a well presented four bedroom family home situated down a quiet cul-de-sac in Rawcliffe, boasting a short two minute walk to a good local school as well as great access to the city centre and outer ring road."
This apartment was one of the first to be snapped up within this sought after development when the first release of properties were offered and is now available.
"*** LAST DETACHED PROPERTY AVAILABLE *** A substantial detached home, The Sundew offers truly flexible living space. Designed with family life and socialising in mind, there is a wonderful open plan dining kitchen and additional reception space to the ground floor, with a cloakroom and stora..."
"Situated on this popular residential avenue, close to York city centre, railway station and the local amenities of Acomb, is this three bedroom semi detached home set on a generous plot. This property has been lovingly maintained over the years and offers the next owners the exciting opportunity ..."
"A beautifully presented three bedroom semi detached home located within the popular residential development of Derwenthorpe. Derwenthorpe is known for its energy efficient homes that have been designed with eco-friendly features including communal biomass heating. Local parks, a central..."
"This traditional semi detached home is set to the north of York in a most sought after and convenient location. Saville Grove is a small cul-de-sac nestled in a great residential area yet is within easy reach of York city centre and varied commuter links. A much loved family home, the ..."
A well-presented and spacious first floor apartment situated off Bootham within walking distance of York city centre.The apartment forms part of a small development and is offered in immaculate walk in condition.
"A superbly appointed two bedroom first floor apartment, recently constructed and situated on the much sought after Chocolate Works site. "
"NO FORWARD CHAIN. SPACIOUS OPEN PLAN LIVING IN THE CHOCOLATE WORKS DEVELOPMENT WITH ALLOCATED CAR PARKING SPACE. We as agents are delighted to have the opportunity to present to the market a stylish two bedroomed, two bathroom ground floor apartment nestled in this exclusive and highly regarded d..."
"A STUNNING LARGE 2 BEDROOM FIRST FLOOR APARTMENT SET WITHIN THIS MODERN DEVELOPMENT WHICH BOASTS A FABULOUS LARGE COMMUNAL ROOFTOP TERRACE. Access is through a secure communal hallway with lifts to all floors, the apartment is currently used as a holiday let but would also suit professional buyer..."
"A beautifully presented two bedroom first floor apartment located on a tree-lined road in a most desirable location just off Bootham. Conveniently located close to the city centre. Situation
The Garth is a perfect example of a tastefully converted period property which was built in 1886 for Mr. ..."
"This is a traditional three bedroomed bay fronted, semi-detached property located in the very popular area just off Hull Road with excellent access to the university and the surrounding road network via the A64. The well-proportioned property has many additional benefits including, planning permi..."
"Redmove are proud to offer for sale this larger than average, skilfully extended four bedroom semi detached home in the popular residential area of Appletree Village just off Stockton Lane. Boasting bright reception rooms, ground floor w/c and an ensuite PLUS a larger than average rear garden!"
Join us for the PROPERTY LAUNCH on Thursday 6th April - Call now to book your viewing!
"- Investment Opportunity - This attractive period property is for sale with an existing tenancy in place which runs the current rental to end June 2023 is equivalent to £23,504 p.a., the signed rental agreement for 2023/2024, inclusive of bills will be approximately £33,250 per annum Eas..."
A beautifully presented and recently renovated three bedroom dorma bungalow situated in the highly desirable location of Fulford offering a short walk to local amenities and being in the catchment area to excellent schools.
"The Clover is a wonderful semi detached home of generous proportions suited to those whose preference is for separate reception space. Totalling 93.9Sqm, the accommodation includes a contemporary dining kitchen giving access to the rear garden through large glazed doors. In addition the..."
"Set in the most sought after village of Heworth, a short walk from York city centre, is this exciting opportunity to acquire a substantial three bedroom semi detached home. A much loved family home this property is in need of modernisation. Internally the property comprises a spacious e..."
"Offered for sale with the benefit of no onward chain is this idyllic two double bedroom detached bungalow situated in the highly desirable area of Heworth. Boasting a modern dining kitchen, spacious lounge and a private, good sized rear garden! "
This property occupies a bold corner plot position within this very popular modern development situated under one mile from the Clifton Moor retail and leisure complex. The internal accommodation begins with a porch area before reaching the spacious lounge with large windows and open plan di...
"A 2 bedroom apartment offering fantastic river views and parking, within this iconic building situated in York city centre."
"A beautifully presented, three bedroom semi-detached home in a highly regarded, modern development to the north of York. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hallway with understairs storage cupboard and downstairs W.C. The living room is located to the front of the property an..."
"Located just off Grantham Drive within a quiet cu-de-sac, is this beautifully presented semi detached home offers excellent family accommodation and generous sized rear garden. Segrave Walk is walking distance to York railway station, the city centre, and the amenities Acomb has to offer. "
"An exciting opportunity to acquire a substantial three bedroom 1950's semi detached home in the popular area of Holgate. Whilst walking distance to York city centre and Railway Station, this property also benefits from the local amenities of Acomb's Front Street. Much loved over the years, this ..."
First floor apartment in a converted period property.
"A four bedroom HMO property with a new tenancy from July with a gross income of £37,000 p.a. This attractive period property is for sale with an existing tenancy in place which runs the current rental to end June 2023 and has a £29,000 gross income p.a. The signed rental agreement for 2..."
"The clover is a wonderful semi-detached home of generous proportions suited to those whose preference is for separate reception space. Totalling 93.9Sqm, the accommodation includes a contemporary dining kitchen giving access to the rear garden through large glazed doors. In addition the..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase a three bedroom, semi-detached, dormer bungalow in a popular residential area to the west of York. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hallway with storage cupboard and stairs leading to the first floor. There is a spacious lounge diner wit..."
"This delightful apartment is bright and spacious, located in the sought-after development of The Chocolate Works"
"This large period end terrace family house has spacious living accommodation arranged over 3 floors and is presented in excellent condition, consisting: entrance hallway with period style features and tiling, open plan double aspect lounge and dining room and modern kitchen with built-in oven and..."
"AN IMPRESSIVE TWO BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM PERIOD FORECOURTED MID TERRACE HOUSE WITH SOUTH FACING COURTYARD! Churchills Estate agents offer for sale this charming home, set in this central and convenient location within reach of York city centre and the Railway Station and just a short walk to Rownt..."
"A modern and individual four bedroom detached family house with accomodation arranged over three floors situated towards the end of a cul de sac and offered to the market with no onward chain, consisting of: hallway, downstairs W.C, living room, modern refitted kitchen breakfast room with space f..."
"AN EXEMPLARY CITY CENTRE TWO BEDROOM FORECOURT TERRACED PROPERTY. We as agents are delighted to offer for sale this superb period mid terrace house located just off Scarcroft Road, convenient for Bishopthorpe Road shopping parade, York City Centre & Rowntree Park as well as a short walk to the ra..."
A characterful PERIOD END TERRACED HOUSE situated within the popular Bishopthorpe Road area of York within easy reach of both local shops and the city centre.
"A charming and traditional semi detached property situated in this sought after tree lined avenue just off the main street of Acomb. Close to a variety of amenities and local transport links to York city centre, this property is sure to appeal to a variety of buyers. Immaculately presented throug..."
SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - CLOSE TO WELL REGARDED SCHOOLS - FOUR BEDROOMS - LAWNED REAR GARDEN - DRIVEWAY AND GARAGE/STORAGE - SMART VIEWINGS ALSO AVAILABLE.
"** CHAIN FREE ** Period mid terraced 2 double bedroom property, with modern bathroom on the first floor and a lovely sunny rear courtyard with planting."
"The Betony is a wonderful semi detached home, the centre of the home is a modern open plan living space which boasts a fitted kitchen and ample space for dining and seating areas; ideal for family life or entertaining. To the ground floor this home offers an open plan layout with large k..."
A recently upgraded and thoughtfully extended semi-detached home offering spacious open plan living accommodation finished to the highest of standards in this popular location.
"WITHIN THE CITY WALLS! THREE BED EXTENDED TERRACED HOME! We as Agents are delighted to offer to the market this delightful period home nestled in a quiet street within the City walls just a stones throw from ""Bishy Road"" approximately 10 minute walk to York's Railway station and all its local ame..."
"70% NOW RESERVED. This brand new two bedroom, first floor apartment has fantastic open plan living space, high ceilings and large windows."
"We are proud to offer this fantastic forecourted terrace property located in the ever popular Holgate area within walking distance of the city centre, railway station and West Bank park. This property will prove popular with a range of buyers, so early viewing is advised. The property ha..."
"A beautiful three bedroom semi detached home in the popular area of Rawcliffe, a short walk to local amenities and within close proximity to York city centre and further afield via the ring road. Tastefully decorated throughout, this home is ready to move into by the next owners. Intern..."
"A fantastic semi detached home situated in the popular area of Burnholme! With a bright lounge, dining kitchen with central island, four bedrooms and a modern bathroom! Large corner plot, lots of off street parking, a garage and potential to extend further (STPP). "
"This fantastic three bedroom, modern town-house offers generous accommodation laid out over three floors and the huge advantages of a rear garden and an allocated parking space."
"70% NOW RESERVED. A superb two bedroom ground floor apartment with both a bathroom and an en-suite, available in the new Cocoa Works development."
A beautifully presented THREE STOREY TOWNHOUSE situated within the popular RAWCLIFFE area of York providing easy access to the city centre and outer ring road.
"A fantastic three bedroom semi-detached family home, located in the sought after area of Dringhouses in York, within close proximity to local amenities, schools and the York Racecourse."
"An extended four bedroom house in a sought after cul de sac location. Robin Grove lies approximately one mile from the City centre and offers easy access to the City itself, York Railway Station and the outer ring road. The accommodation consists of the following, an entrance hall with l..."
"An exciting opportunity to acquire a substantial three bedroom detached bungalow in the sought after area of Acomb. Close to the varied local amenities that Acomb has to offer and situated on a peaceful cul-de-sac, this home is sure to appeal to a variety of buyers. Much loved over the years, thi..."
***NEW BUILD END TERRACE ***NO CHAIN ***THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ***FINISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD THROUGHOUT ***DOUBLE DRIVEWAY PARKING ***STYLISH & MODERN ***DESIRABLE LOCATION ***VIEWING ADVISED
Spacious 4 Bedroom Townhouse on the outskirts of York City Centre with a 16% Yield
A charming 3 bedroom semi detached house with a lovely west facing rear garden.
A well-presented three bedroom detached home situated in the ever-popular area of Woodthorpe to the south west of York with good access to the city centre and outer ring road.
"An attractive period terrace town house with a grade ll listed facade, centrally located in Monkgate with the rare benefit of allocated and visitors' off street parking within a gated courtyard, offering very well-appointed accommodation boasting fabulous natural light levels and versatile living..."
"This wonderfully spacious semi detached home is set to the north of York in a most convenient location. Woodland Way is a popular address which is tucked away in a lovely residential area yet is well placed for access to the city centre, good transport links and many local amenities. The..."
"Situated on this popular residential avenue, close to York city centre, railway station and the local amenities of Acomb, is this three bedroom semi detached home situated on an idyllic cul-de-sac. This property has been a family home for the last 10 years and offers the next owners the exciting ..."
"This hugely impressive, unique detached property offers spacious living accommodation inside including two double bedrooms and a delightful garden with off street parking outside the home."
"A beautifully presented, two bedroom apartment in the popular Hungate development in the heart of York city centre. The development itself is accessed via an intercom system to the communal hallway where there are stairs and a lift leading to all floors. The property itself has an entranc..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this three bedroom detached home standing in a cul de sac in the popular residential area of Woodthorpe offered for sale with the benefit of no onward chain. Large lounge / dining room, modern bathroom, a generous sized rear garden and a garage! "
"THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS - GOOD SIZED PLOT - SOUGHT AFTER AREA - Churchills Estate Agent are delighted to offer for sale this impressive 3 bed semi detached house in one of York's must popular areas convenient for the City Centre, the outer ring road and served by local shops, schools and amenities...."
"Simon Says ""Tucked away in a quiet cul-de-sac in Acomb, is this well proportioned detached home with a larger than expected plot just waiting for someone to put on their own stamp. Offered with no forward chain, an internal viewing is highly recommended!"""
"Positioned on one of York's most sought after avenues, a short stroll from the city centre and the scenic views of the River Ouse, is this impressive two bedroom ground floor apartment. Offered with no onward chain, properties of this grandeur seldom come to market. Accessed through a s..."
"A three bedroom, semi detached home in a popular residential area with a wealth of local amenities. Upon entering the property you have a spacious entrance hall with stairs leading to the first floor and a useful built in pantry. The first reception room, currently used as a dining room, is l..."
"A superb 3 bedroom semi-detached home set in the popular area of Clifton Moor, benefiting from the many amenities at nearby Clifton Moor Retail Park and excellent transport links in and out of the city."
DELIGHTFUL FAMILY HOME NESTLED IN A VERY HIGHLY REGARDED QUIET DEVELOPMENT 5 MINUTES FROM POPPLETON VILLAGE! DETACHED GARAGE CONVERTED INTO A LIVING SPACE! We as Agents are delighted to have the opportunity to present to the market this fabulous modern home located right in the top corner of a pe...
"*Investment opportunity* 2 bedroom terraced house just off Bishopthorpe Road with two double bedrooms and a private courtyard to the rear, sold with tenant in situ."
"Located in the popular residential area of Huntington, close to a variety of local amenities, commuter links to the city centre and surrounding picturesque green spaces, is this modern three bedroom semi detached home. Much loved of the years, this property is immaculately presented throughout an..."
"A beautifully presented and substantial family home set over three floors. Offering three double bedrooms and two bathrooms along with a downstairs w.c., this property makes the perfect family home. Tedder Road is a popular residential area within Acomb, close to a variety of amenities, commuter ..."
"A TASTEFULLY PRESENTED 2 BEDROOM FORECOURTED TERRACE HOUSE SET IN ONE OF YORK'S MOST SOUGHT AFTER LOCATIONS CLOSE TO THE CITY CENTRE AND THE RAILWAY STATION. The property has the benefit of gas central heating and double glazing and comprises entrance hall, lounge with bay window, separate dining..."
"This fabulous, spacious freehold Maisonette is sure to appeal to a range of buyers. Occupying an excellent position in this most sought after, award winning development, ""The Chocolate Works"" boasts a real sense of peace and tranquillity yet is just a short walk from the much celebrated Bishopth..."
"This well-proportioned one bedroom first floor apartment benefits from a generous lounge, a separate fitted kitchen and a three piece bathroom."
"Bishops Personal Agents present to the market a fabulous two bedroom apartment with stunning balcony views over Rowntree Park, set in the heart of one of York's most sought after locations, just a short stroll from the ""Bishy Road"" high street and The York Racecourse. This apartmen..."
"70% NOW RESERVED. A superb two bedroom fourth floor apartment with both a bathroom and an en-suite, available in the new Cocoa Works development."
"Offered for sale with the benefit of no onward chain is this three bedroom end town house situated in a desirable location just off Stockton Lane. With two reception rooms, conservatory, a home office, wet room and a south facing rear garden this is ready to move in and add your own stamp!"
"An exciting opportunity to acquire a large semi detached home in the popular residential area of Acomb, close to a variety of local amenities, commuter links to York city centre and further afield via the ring road, this property offers potential for further development by way of extensions (subj..."
"With features including FRENCH DOORS TO KITCHEN/DINER, a DOWNSTAIRS WC, PARKING FOR TWO CARS, an EN-SUITE to principal bedroom, a 10-YEAR NHBC WARRANTY included and the ability to PRE-RESERVE ONLINE, this fantastic 3 bedroom detached home on Langley Gate development is perfect for first-time buye..."
"Bishops Personal Agents present to the market an immaculately presented three bedroom semi detached dormer bungalow, set in a quiet cul-de-sac position right in the heart of Huntington, just to the North of the York and well situated with easy access to the outer ring road and into the York City ..."
The Fern is an impressive semi-detached property offering large proportions. The centre of the home is a modern open plan living space which boasts a fitted kitchen and ample space for dining and seating areas; ideal for family life or entertaining. To the ground floor this home offers a...
The Thyme is a semi-detached home of contemporary design. This property offers flexible accommodation with a lovely light and airy kitchen fitted with a range of units and boasting ample dining space as well as access on to the private garden to the rear. There is a separate reception ro...
STUNNING COMPLETELY PRIVATE LARGER THAN AVERAGE GARDEN! HIGHLY REGARDED QUIET RESIDENTIAL LOCATION! We as Agents are delighted to have the opportunity to present to the market this fabulous 3-4 bedroomed semi-detached home nestled in a quiet street to the West of York being close to an array of l...
"A superb two bedroom apartment located right in the heart of the city offering stunning views over the River Ouse, from a generous living space."
A stylish 2 bedroom duplex apartment with a private courtyard garden and secure underground parking conveniently situated inside the city walls. 
"A wonderful detached three bedroomed family home within the highly sought after area of Huntington, benefitting from entitlement to the well regarded Huntington Secondary School."
"A well presented three bedroom semi detached home in the popular residential area of Acomb, close to a variety of local amenities, transport links into the city centre and further afield via the ring road. With a newly fitted kitchen and bathroom, this property would make a wonderful family home...."
"Situated in the popular Woodthorpe area of York is this smartly presented, EXTENDED MODERN SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE lying within easy reach of both the city centre and outer ring road."
"A splendid bright apartment located off Bootham, one of the most sought after areas in York"
"A three bedroom detached family home occupying a generous plot, offered to the market with no onward chain, consisting: hallway with storage, double aspect open plan lounge diner and kitchen with integrated oven and hob. To the first floor are two double bedrooms and one good size sing..."
"TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS WITH ADDITIONAL LOFT ROOM! A fabulous example of a period terrace, Churchills Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this fore courted house retaining period features throughout, located on this sought after street within York's South Bank. With convenient access into Y..."
"This fantastic three storey, three bedroom modern town-house offers generous living accommodation and the benefits of a rear garden and an integral garage."
"An attractive and spacious 3 bedroom semi-detached house that forms part of the award winning Derwenthorpe, an eco and community centric development. David Wilson Homes in conjunction with the Joseph Rowntree Housing Trust, have created a landmark community of energy-efficient homes with a third ..."
"A unique, two double bedroom, Mews Style Bungalow, situated on a private road and benefitting from a separate garage. Perfectly positioned for easy access to the City Centre and ring road."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! An excellent opportunity to purchase this 3/4 bedroom extended semi detached family home set in this thriving and highly popular residential area convenient for York city centre and the outer ring road as well as nearby shops, good local schools and amenities. The property itsel..."
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY WITH LARGE PLOT An exciting opportunity to acquire a large semi detached home in the popular residential area of Acomb, close to a variety of local amenities, commuter links to York city centre and further afield via the ring road. Set on a plot of approximately 65..."
"***No onward chain*** New to the market is this attractive three bedroom semi detached family home nestled in a quiet residential location in the sought-after area of Osbaldwick, York. It is well placed for easy access to local amenities (including reputable primary and secondary scho..."
"Situated on the second floor of this sought after development this large two bedroom property enjoys a fantastic location, situated just outside the city walls on Bootham less than 500 metre from York Minster. The property is currently being run as a successful holiday let and given the..."
**QUIET CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION **NO CHAIN **CLOSE TO POPULAR SCHOOLS **AMPLE OFF STREET PARKING ***VIEWING HIGHLY ADVISED
"A RARE OPPORTUNITY.....
Wishart Estate Agents are delighted to offer this characterful three-bedroom, railway cottage, situated just off Tadcaster Road. Built around 1875 and oozing charm and character, it has been a much-loved home for more than three decades. "
"*** DEVELOPMENT OPPORTUNITY *** Located in the picturesque village of Knapton is this exciting opportunity to purchase a substantial three bedroom semi detached bungalow offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN, in need of some modernisation. Sure to appeal to a variety of buyers, this property has the b..."
"A three bedroom, semi detached home in a sought after residential location to the West of York. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hallway with stairs leading to the first floor. The kitchen is located to the rear of the property and features a range of base and wall units a..."
"A wonderful city centre apartment located in a popular modern development, offering an open plan living space which has direct access onto a generous balcony, overlooking the River Foss."
"Set in the popular residential area of Huntington, close to a variety of local amenities including convenience stores, Vangarde shopping centre and commuter links to York city centre, is this three bedroom semi detached home. Much loved over the years, this property is ready to move into and cou..."
"If you are looking for a four bedroom family home that you can put your own stamp on, in a popular location close to local schools and amenities then look no further! This well proportioned and extended family home has lots of potential to offer."
"Located in the ever popular area of Holgate, within walking distance of York city centre, Acomb's local amenities and a short drive from the ring road is this two bedroom semi detached home. This property is also within the catchment for St Pauls C of E Primary school. Much loved as a family home..."
"Looks can be very deceiving and this fantastic three bedroom end terrace home offers so much more than the front facade might suggest. Having been wonderfully renovated by the present vendors to a highest of specification, it offers huge flexibility with a quite stunning landscaped garden, outdoo..."
"A well presented three bedroom SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE, located in the sought after area of ACOMB. Positioned on a generous plot with the added benefit of planning permission for a double storey extension."
"Offered for sale in the highly desirable area of Heslington is this spacious three bedroom end town house. Boasting an entrance hall, lounge with feature fireplace, modern dining kitchen, conservatory, ensuite to the master and a modern house bathroom. Enclosed rear garden, driveway and garage! "
"Located to the north of York is this attractive three bedroom end town house, well positioned for easy access to York city centre via local commuter links, local amenities and schools. Offered with NO CHAIN, this property is sure to appeal to a variety of buyers and could make a wonderful family ..."
"This wonderful home is positioned within a most sought after development set just off Tadcaster Road to the south west of York. An ideal location for access to the city centre, varied local amenities and great transport links for those travelling by rail or road. This property is also convenient..."
"This two bedroom mid terrace home is located in the fantastic residential area of Bishophill, a short stroll from the scenic views of the River Ouse and Rowntree's Park, whilst within walking distance of the city centre and York Railway Station. Due to it's position, this property is sure to appe..."
"Are you looking for a three bedroom semi-detached house located in the sought-after area of Osbaldwick? Hambleton Avenue is within easy reach of a wide range of local amenities, schools, the University of York and transport links. With Two reception rooms, Three bedrooms, garden and detached ..."
"With nearly 1,300 sq.ft of living accommodation this property is perfect for the growing family. Located in the highly sought after Hull Road area of York and providing easy access to the University of York and the city centre, this semi detached property briefly comprises; entrance hall..."
***TRADITIONAL SEMI DETACHED HOME ***NO FORWARD CHAIN ***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS ***THREE GOOD SIZE BEDROOMS ***FISRT FLOOR BATHROOM ***GROUND FLOOR SHOWER ROOM ***UTILITY/OFFICE ***DELIGHTFUL GARDEN ***CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES ***DRIVEWAY ***VIEWING A MUST***
"Offered to the market with the convenience of no forward chain, this three bedroom detached bungalow is situated on a lovely size plot with gardens to three sides."
"Just south of York city centre, our Germany Beck development in Fulford is in an enviable location. The historic village of Fulford is a sought-after location and has fantastic commuter links to York city centre. Situated just off the A19 you'll be able to enjoy easy access to all local major ..."
"A Holiday Let Apartment A distinctive first floor one bedroom apartment in the sought after Ryedale House development. The property can be used as either a wonderful home, long term term or short term rental property. Situated on Piccadilly, York within York city walls a short walk to..."
"Fabulous two bedroom apartment with Minster views and secure parking. Currently a successful holiday let set within this sought after modern development, only a few minutes walk from York’s historic walls and bustling city centre. This first floor property provides immaculate bright and spacious..."
"A three bedroom semi detached period house with great potential for extension/improvement subject to the necessary planning permissions. Located in the popular village of Osbaldwick, with easy access to the Ofsted rated outstanding, Archbishop Holgate’s School, a Church of England Acade..."
A beautifully presented and extended 3 bedroom semi detached house with a south facing rear garden.
If you are looking for a detached bungalow in the popular area of Acomb Wood then look no further! This three bedroom home is ready for you to put your own stamp on. Sat on a very generous plot and offered with no onward chain!
"A modern DETACHED THREE STOREY TOWNHOUSE situated on a private road lying to the northwest of York within easy reach of local amenities, schools and York City Centre"
"Wishart Estate Agents are delighted to offer this characterful and secluded, two bed bungalow, located in the heart of the historic City of York. This property boasts two double bedrooms, a lounge-diner, kitchen, bathroom and surprisingly a coved ceiling cellar below. Currently used for short ter..."
UNEXPECTEDLY RE-OFFERED A Ground Floor Flat With Communal Garden And Garage In One Of York's Most Sought After Areas
"*** INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY *** Ashtons Estate Agents are delighted to welcome to the market this fantastic investment opportunity to purchase two, one bedroom flats in a converted property in the desirable area of Holgate in York, with easy access to the railway station and York city centre. ..."
"A well-presented, three bedroom terrace house, located less than half a mile from York’s historic city walls. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hallway with stairs leading to the first floor. the first reception room you come to is currently used as a dining room with an attract..."
Semi Detached House | Conservatory | Garage | Dining Room
"Situated in this leafy side street off Bootham, this attractive 2 bedroom apartment with a garage, in a development of only 8 properties has the benefit of jointly owning the freehold of the 8 properties and garages. This particular property is situated on the third floor and offers spac..."
"A substantial three bedroom semi detached home located in the popular village of Acomb, a short walk from the local amenities Beckfield Lane has to offer, along with transport links to York city centre and further afield via the ring road. Set on a generous plot, this property offers the next own..."
"An immaculate THREE STOREY END TOWNHOUSE offering THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS , SOUTH FACING garden and separate GARAGE. Situated in a convenient location within easy reach of the A59 and York city centre."
"This most attractive, substantial semi detached home is set to the West of York; well placed for access in and out of the City centre, excellent commuter links and the range of local amenities the area has to offer. Much improved by the current owners, the property is ready to move in t..."
"Situated on this popular residential street, close to York city centre, railway station and the local amenities of Acomb, is this three bedroom semi detached home located on this large plot just off Beckfield Lane. This property has been a family home for the last 15 years and offers the next own..."
"Offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN, this three bedroom semi detached family home is located in a highly sought after residential location in Acomb with convenient access to York outer ring road as well as access in to the city centre. The property comprises: spacious and airy living room with ..."
Offered for sale with the benefit of no onward chain is this spacious three bedroom semi detached home with generous front and rear gardens and a large garage with additional workshop! Boasting bright bay windows to the front and back this wonderful home has potential to improve and extend (STPP). 
"A modern three bedroom, two bath end terraced freehold family house with a larger rear garden occupying a quiet cul de sac location. Consisting: Hallway with built-in storage cupboard, ground floor W,C. modern fitted kitchen with integrated appliances, good size living room with patio doors openi..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN - 130FT REAR GARDEN! Churchills Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this impressive three bedroom semi detached house with a gorgeous rear garden located in a highly sought after residential location, close to Acomb front street & York outer ring road as well as conveni..."
NO FORWARD CHAIN! TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS! SECURE UNDERGROUND PARKING! MINSTER VIEWS! For sale is this superb first floor apartment located within York's historic walls and walking distance to many city centre amenities and restaurants. Upgraded to a high standard throughout and accessed via a secure...
This fabulous semi detached home is nestled in this fabulous location just a short walk from the heart of York city centre and the railway station. Enfield Crescent is a small cul de sac which despite its central position offers a real sense of peace and seclusion. A much loved family h...
"A three bedroom semi detached house, much loved and well maintained by the current and original owners but now in need of some modernisation throughout. Purchased by the current owners in the 1950's from the well respected Shepherd Homes, this three bedroom semi detached house could off..."
"This two bedroom detached bungalow in the popular location of Woodthorpe is one not to be missed! positioned in the corner of a quiet cul-de-sac this bungalow is sat on a very generous plot with gardens to all four sides of the property, driveway for off street parking and a single garage."
"A stunning two bedroom apartment featuring a generous open plan living space with a contemporary fitted kitchen and access to two balconies, overlooking the River Foss."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! SOUTH FACING REAR COURTYARD! POTENTIAL TO EXTEND! Churchills are delighted to offer to the market this 2 bedroom period mid terrace house, set in this highly sought after area, just off Bishopthorpe Road shopping parade and walking distance to York's historic city centre and the..."
"A three bedroom, terrace home in a popular residential location approximately a mile to the north of York city centre. Upon entering the property there is an entrance hall with tiled floor leading to the stairs up to the first floor. The hallway gives access to the first reception room,..."
"IMPRESSIVE FAMILY HOME - THREE BEDROOMS - CLOSE TO WELL REGARDED SCHOOLS - STYLISH OPEN PLAN DINING KITCHEN - OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - GARDENS, DRIVEWAY AND GARAGE - SMART VIEWINGS ALSO AVAILABLE."
A fantastic two bedroom detached home offering spacious living accommodation with enclosed gardens and off street parking upon a gated driveway.
**** CORNER PLOT POSITION **** A most spacious and skilfully extended semi detached bungalow occupying a choice corner position with generous gardens and off street parking.
"A well-presented, three bedroom, semi-detached home located in a popular residential location to the west of York. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hall with stairs leading to the first floor. The lounge is located to the front of the property and has a bay window allowing plen..."
Situated on the western side of York in the popular HOLGATE area is this well presented THREE BEDROOM END TERRACED HOUSE that lies within easy reach of the city centre and railway station.
***NO ONWARD CHAIN ***DETACHED HOME ***THREE BEDROOMS ***RECENTLY FITTED KITCHEN ***ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN ***WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT ***DESIRABLE LOCATION ***WITHIN CLOSE PROXIMITY OF LOCAL AMENITIES ***GOOD ACCESS TO OUTER RING ROAD ***WE STRONGLY ADVISE A VIEWING***
***FANTASTIC POSITION OF HOLGATE ***SUPERB FAMILY HOME ***FOUR BEDROOMS ***EASY ACCESS TO YORK CITY CENTER AND TRAIN STATION ***AMPLE OFF STREET PARKING ***BRIGHT AND AIRY HOME ***VIEWING A MUST***
"Welcome to this traditional three bedroom semi detached home in the popular Acomb area of York, located just off Beckfield Lane. The property requires a certain level of modernisation and refurbishment throughout but has great scope to improve and put your own stamp on it."
"Located on the popular Joseph Terry Grove development and a short walk from York Racecourse and Hob Moor, is this modern and well presented two bedroom apartment. Located on the first floor and boasting a balcony off the main reception room, this property could make a perfect home or investment p..."
"This is a fantastic three bedroom semi detached home in the highly sought after location of Fulford, south of the city centre. The property is tucked down a quiet cul-de-sac just a 2 minute walk from the sought after Fulford School and a 30 minute walk or a 5 minute drive to the city centre."
"Situated on a generous corner plot, this three bedroom, semi detached house is sure to appeal to a variety of purchasers. Upon entering the property you have an entrance porch which in turn leads to the inner hallway with understairs cupboard. The property has a through lounge diner with ..."
This wonderful semi detached bungalow is set to the north of York in a most popular residential area. Manor Park Road is a collection of homes and is well placed for access to the city centre and good transport links as well as a range of local amenities. Extended and much improved by ...
"This could be your next family home. Situated in the popular Woodthorpe area of York is this fantastic three bedroom house which has been maintained to a very high standard. The property briefly comprises; entrance hall, large lounge, conservatory and fitted dining kitchen. ..."
Ready for completion in the summer of 2023! We are pleased to offer one of the first units to be reserved as a contract reassignment.
"An exciting opportunity to acquire a substantial three bedroom semi detached home set on a generous plot. With options to extend to the rear, side and in to the loft (subject to the relevant planning permissions), this property could become a fantastic family home. Much loved over the years, this..."
"Located to the west of York is this modern three bedroom semi detached home with well proportioned accommodation set over three floors. The internal accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hall, a spacious living room/dining area with french doors to the rear, the fitted kitchen benef..."
A 3 bedroom traditional semi detached house offered for sale with the convenience of no forward
"Wishart Estate Agents are delighted to present to the open market this three bedroom family home. This traditional semi-detached property is set on a generous corner plot, and has been extended to offer an integral garage, kitchen/diner and has a fully boarded loft room. Located to the West of Y..."
"A lovely two bedroom semi detached home in the popular residential area of Huntington. Well maintained throughout, this property is ready to move in to and could make a perfect first home or investment property. The property comprises an entrance hall leading through to the open plan li..."
"Located to the west of York, is this immaculately presented three bedroom semi detached home boasting a kitchen/diner and good sized bedrooms. The property has recently undergone a scheme of modernisation and renovation throughout to the highest of standards, sure to appeal to a range of purchase..."
"Situated just off this attractive tree lined Avenue, less than a mile from the historic heart of the city we offer this superb second floor apartment forming one of only 8 apartments in this unique development, the freehold of which is also owned by the apartment owners. The property be..."
"This spacious semi detached bungalow is set to the north of York and enjoys a quiet cul de sac position whilst being well placed for easy access to York city centre and the local amenities Huntington has to offer. Offered with no onward chain, this property is sure to be popular amongst a variet..."
"An immaculate apartment located in the central and popular Hungate development complete with an allocated underground parking space, offered with NO CHAIN. Positioned on the second floor with views looking out to the south and west, this property has been well looked after over the years and is ..."
"A well-presented, three bedroom, semi detached home in the popular Dringhouses area of York. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hall with stairs leading to the first floor. The lounge is located to the front of the property with bay window allowing in plenty of light. There is a ..."
"A well-presented, three bedroom, end townhouse in a popular residential location less than a miles walk from York station. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hallway that also houses the downstairs W.C. From the hall you come to the spacious lounge diner with a window to the fron..."
"Simon Says ""An extended family home with approximately 1,000 sqft living accommodation within catchment of Huntington School with off street parking and an enclosed garden... Offered with No Forward Chain"""
NO FORWARD CHAIN - ADDITIONAL LOFT ROOM WITH EN SUITE - SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN - A two/three bedroomed bay fronted mid town house situated in this central residential location convenient for York city centre as well as the Railway station and the outer ring road. Upgraded by the current vendor...
"Superb city centre living, Holiday let opportunity or buy to let... This ground-floor apartment is just stunning. Two large bedrooms, luxurious bathroom, gorgeous modern kitchen with integrated appliances plus allocated parking and a private courtyard."
"A fantastic 3 bedroom semi-detached home set in the popular location of Rawcliffe, providing huge potential to modernise into a beautiful family home. This property boasts spacious proportions, detached garage, driveway and many local transport links and amenities nearby."
"A three bedroom semi detached house in the popular location, set to the east of York; within easy reach of the City centre as well as Vangarde Retail Park and just a short walk from the many local amenities Heworth village has to offer. The property has been tenanted for several years an..."
"A lovely three bedroom semi-detached house offering the benefits of gardens to the front and rear, a garage and additional off street parking space."
"A spacious 2 double bedroom detached property with an extended lounge and extended kitchen/dining room, and two conservatories. The property is situated in a pleasant cul de sac, close to Huntington Secondary school and offers excellent potential for further improvement. Offered with the convenie..."
Sold with no onward chain is this spacious four double bedroomed mid-terrace property with internal living space extending to over 1000 sq. ft. The property has undergone a skilful and comprehensive modernisation program and an internal inspection is needed to fully appreciate the results. Locate...
A fabulous opportunity to purchase a spacious three bedroomed semi-detached bungalow with no onward. The property which is in the favourable Stockton Lane area of York has internal living space extending to over 800 sq. ft. and has potential to be extended to the rear and up into the loft (Subjec...
"*** VIEWING ADVISED *** A TRADITIONAL, SPACIOUS SEMI-DETACHED HOUSE situated in the popular Rawcliffe area of York with easy access to the outer ring road and A19 Shipton Road."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! A 2/3 bed detached bungalow on a generous plot in this popular location convenient for York city centre, Monks Cross shopping park, Huntington village and the outer ring road. The property has an open aspect to the rear and is in need of some updating however offers versatile li..."
"A fabulous residential development opportunity in a prime position, less than a mile to the city centre"
"Located to the north of York, is this traditional three bedroom semi detached home in a sought after location close to various commuter links, local amenities and excellent school catchment areas. The property has been a much loved family home, which has been well maintained over the years and no..."
"We are very excited about bringing this property to the market. Located close to Clifton Moor, it’s very accessible for shopping and entertainment. The property is a beautifully decorated family home ready for the next chapter.  On entering the property through the entrance hall, where there is s..."
"This is a superb, two bedroom second floor apartment, perfectly located in the centre of York. With its own underground, secure and private parking space, balcony and spacious rooms throughout, this property has so much to offer!"
"NO FORWARD CHAIN - IN NEED OF MODERNISATION - PERIOD FEATURES - POTENTIAL TO EXTEND FURTHER. Set in this highly sought after location close to Millennium Bridge, Rowntree Park and the Racecourse as well as a short walk via Bishopthorpe Road shops into the City Centre. This three bed mid townho..."
"Welcome to this traditional bay fronted detached property, set in a convenient location with excellent access to the city centre. Benefiting from good public transport links and close to local amenities this property is sure to appeal to a variety of buyers."
3 STOREY PERIOD PROPERTY NESTLED WITHIN THE CITY WALLS! NO FORWARD CHAIN! We as Agents are delighted to have the opportunity to offer to the market this substantial Victorian home which is in need of some renovating and updating works so offers the discerning buyer an opportunity to put their own...
"DELIGHTFUL PERIOD TERRACED HOME NESTLED IN QUIET COBBLED LANE IN HIGHLY REGARDED LOCATION! We as agents are delighted to offer to the market this stunning two bedroom period terrace, located in a quiet street in Holgate, within walking distance of the city centre and close to an array of local a..."
"A traditional semi detached house situated in this sought after cul de sac location, handy for a range of amenities including the University of York and some of the most sought after schooling in the area. Offered with no forward chain the property briefly comprises; entrance lobby, loun..."
***OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN ***QUIET CUL DE SAC POSITION ***POPULAR RESIDENTAIL AREA ***WELL PRESENTED THROUGHOUT ***NEWLY FITTED MODERN KITCHEN ***THREE BEDROOMS ***GARDENS TO FRONT AND REAR ***GARAGE ***EASY ACCESS TO LOCAL AMENITIES AND YORK OUTER RING ROAD ***EPC RATING D***WE HIGHLY REC...
UNEXPECTEDLY RE-OFFERED A First Floor Flat With Communal Garden And Garage In One Of York's Most Sought After Areas
"Bishops Personal Agents present to the market a very well presented three bedroom semi-detached dormer bungalow located in Woodthorpe, just to the South of the York, within easy walking distance of local schools, the local Quaker wood shops and public house, Nature reserve and local amenities. Th..."
"Simon Says ""The most attractive house on the street! From first glimpse this home really catches the eye and then doesn't fail to keep your attention as you take in the generous room sizes, original features and the south facing yard! A fabulous period terrace at it's best!"""
"Sold with no onward chain and offering the new owner an excellent opportunity to extend this spacious 3 bedroomed property into four bedrooms by going into the loft (subject to necessary planning permission been granted). Set in this popular and well served location in Holgate the bay fronted, mi..."
"This a perfect opportunity to purchase this spacious 3-bedroom home, which is perfectly located within easy reach of local schools and amenities in Huntington. The home features a driveway, garage, and gravel parking to the front as well as a large south-facing rear garden providing the perfec..."
A fabulous three bedroom family house with gardens to three sides. Highthorn Road is situated just 1.6 miles north of the City centre at Bootham Bar and is within the catchment for the highly regarded Huntington Secondary School. The internal accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hal...
"A very well presented three bedroom semi-detached family house occupying a cul-de-sac location in sought after Fulford, with a detached office/studio, ideal for home working and boasting fantastic commuter links to York City centre, A19 and easy access to the A64. The accommodation con..."
"The Wistow has a stylish open-plan kitchen/dining room with French doors to the garden, a spacious living room, a cloakroom and a built-in storage cupboard. The two bedrooms share the bathroom and there's further storage on the landing. This home comes with the advantage of off-road parking too."
"OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN, is this spacious three bedroom detached home in the popular residential area of Acomb. A short walk away from local amenities, transport links to the city centre and green open spaces, this property would make an ideal family home. The property comprises an..."
"A 3rd floor one bedroom apartment currently operating as a successful holiday apartment in close proximity to York Railway station. Located in The King's building of the highly regarded Hudson Quarter this modern apartment offers easy access to the the city, as well as commuter links via..."
"A beautifully presented two bedroom semi-detached home with extensive rear garden and ample off street parking. The property is situated in a sought-after location of Acomb, to the west of York. Acomb is located approximately 2 miles from the city centre, and is well known for its great amenities..."
"A well positioned three bedroom end town house, located within the popular residential area of Fulford, offered with no onward chain. Fulford is a well established and popular residential area located to the south of York, and offers quick access to York city centre, ring road and Unive..."
"Two bedroom ground floor apartment, recently redecorated to a high standard. This stunning flat in a quiet location close to the city centre and river Foss is perfect for first time buyers or investors. "
"Fishergate is within walking distance to York city centre along the tree lined route next to the River Ouse. An area that is flourishing with independent cafes, restaurants and shops, this area is popular often amongst a variety of buyers. Offered with no onward chain is this immaculately present..."
"Located to the west of York, with easy access to the outer ring road and A64 is this immaculate three bedroom semi detached home. The property has been updated and upgraded by its current owner and must be seen to truly appreciated. The internal accommodation comprises an entrance hall,..."
This lovely two bedroom end-terrace property benefits from a delightful south/east facing rear garden and off street parking for one car.
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! Delightful fore-courted period terraced home in need of updating work, so gives the discerning buyer chance to put their own stamp on it! With two double bedrooms! We as Agents are delighted to have the opportunity to present to the market this bright and spacious Victorian terr..."
A fabulous two bedroom modern apartment offering the huge advantages of a spacious open plan living area which opens onto a generous balcony.
"A two double bedroom period terrace located on a popular side street close to city, with the advantage of a good-sized rear garden, and convenience of vacant possession and no forward chain."
***SEMI DETACHED HOME ***DESIRABLE CUL DE SAC POSITION ***POPULAR RESIDENTIAL AREA OF WOODTHORPE ***THREE BEDROOMS ***BRIGHT AND AIRY THROUGHOUT *** WELL PRESENTED ***GOOD SIZE REAR GARDEN ***DRIVEWAY AND GARAGE ***CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES AND OUTER RING ROAD ***VIEWING A MUST***
"Welcome to Linden Close, in the ever popular popular village of Huntington close to the village centre with a post office, range of shops and cafes and in the catchments area for Huntington School."
"A well designed and spacious two bedroom apartment with balcony and parking situated at The Square, one of the best premium developments in York"
Convenient location | Extended to the rear | Gas central heating
Join us for the PROPERTY LAUNCH on Saturday 1st April - Call now to book your viewing!
"A two bedroom Victorian terrace house in one of the most popular parts of York, within a short walk of Bishopthorpe road shops and York Knavesmire. Located on a quiet cul de sac across from the sought after Millthopre School, this property is likely to be popular with both first time bu..."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this recently refurbished two bedroom period terraced home which is ready for you to move straight in and enjoy! Briefly comprising lounge through dining room, brand new white gloss kitchen, modern bathroom, two double bedrooms and a garden. Viewing is a must!"
***ENJOYING QUIET CUL DE SAC POSITION***HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION***SUPERB SEMI DETACHED HOME***LOG BURNING STOVE***MODERN KITCHEN***DELIGHTFUL GARDEN FOR ENTERTAINING***EASY ACCESSS TO YORK OUTER RING ROAD***CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES***VIEWING A MUST***
"Welcome to New Lane, this larger than average semi detached bungalow is sure to appeal to a variety of buyers, with two bedrooms, master en-suite, lounge and dining kitchen."
"Located within a short walk of York City centre and the Railway Station is this spacious duplex apartment, boasting a wealth of features and an allocated parking space. The property has been meticulously well maintained, and is sure to appeal to a range of discerning purchasers. The in..."
"A Fully compliant and operating C4 HMO property, located on Eldon Terrace in the Groves, Close to the city centre and York St John University"
"Sold with no onward chain. A very nicely presented and traditional three bedroomed semi-detached property situated in the very popular residential area of Rawcliffe. The property has been extended to the rear, however, it has much more potential to be extended to the side (Subject to necessary pl..."
"A wonderful two bedroom semi-detached house featuring gardens to the front and rear, ample off street parking and a garage."
Excellent investment opportunity within easy walking distance of the city centre and railway station. 
"A period terraced property in this highly regarded area with the benefit of 3 bedrooms including a converted loft.  With period features, 2 reception rooms and a larger than typical garden/yard its sure to attract much interest.  Early inspection essential to appreciate potential,&nb..."
"This lovely semi detached home has been updated by the current owners and offers ample off street parking, a private low maintenance rear garden and potential for extension subject to necessary planning permission. Located in the popular village of Huntington, within the school catchmen..."
"This well-proportioned three bedroom semi-detached house is set on a generous plot with gardens to the front, side and the rear."
Railway Cottage is located on the outskirts of Murton village; one of only two properties. For those looking to add your stamp and improve this house is for you. With two first floor floor bedrooms and a large 14' first floor bathroom. There is an office downstairs plus dining kitchen and good si...
"OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN. An opportunity to purchase a spacious two double bedroom, two reception room, semi-detached Dorma style bungalow with ample off-road parking, detached garage and enclosed rear garden. The property is situated in a sought-after location just off Boroughbrid..."
"A 2 bedroom detached bungalow located in the popular area of Rawcliffe. The property benefits from excellent transport links with easy access to York City Centre and the outer ring road, as well as many shops and amenities at the nearby Clifton Moor Retail Park."
Situated in this superb location just off Bootham approximately half a mile from York Minster and the historic heart of the city. The property is being run as a successful holiday let at present with income detals on request. As such the property is 'sold as seen' fully furnished and o...
A spacious one bedroomed apartment within this highly sought-after over 55's development which is crucially offered for sale with vacant possession and no forward chain.
"This stunning ground floor apartment is nestled within a most sought after development to the south of York. Just a short stroll from The Knavesmire and the wealth of local amenities the much celebrated ""Bishy Road"" has to offer, this immaculate apartment has spacious accommodation whic..."
NO FORWARD CHAIN - Situated within this central Holgate location and convenient for the railway station and York's historic city centre Churchills Estate Agents offer to market this traditional three bed semi-detached house. The property does require some internal upgrading however offers plenty ...
"A fantastic west facing one bedroom, fifth floor apartment with an allocated parking space. This very attractive unit was one of the first plots to be reserved and is now available again as a contract reassignment."
"A lovely three bedroom semi-detached house offering a garage with additional off street parking and located in a cul-de-sac, in the popular area of Osbaldwick."
"A 3 bedroom semi detached house in need of modernisation with a south facing rear garden, offered for sale with the convenience of no forward chain."
"This two bedroom semi-detached bungalow features generous gardens to the front and rear, an attached garage and additional off street parking."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN - Churchills are delighted to offer for sale this rare opportunity to purchase this two bedroom end terrace house within the award winning residential estate of Ouse Lea, a popular and sought after cluster of modernist housing located a short walk from York City Centre and the ra..."
"A stunning, two bedroom apartment with grand entrance and private outside space, located in the popular Huntington area of York. The property benefits from two entrances, the first via a communal entrance hall and the second via the private courtyard. Inside the property is filled with l..."
NO FORWARD CHAIN! A FANTASTIC 3 BEDROOM PERIOD MID TERRACE HOME SET IN THIS HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER SOUTH BANK LOCATION. The perfect home for anyone wanting to enjoy the amenities of Bishopthorpe Road on their doorstep and being within an easy picturesque walk into the city centre. The property provi...
This lovely three storey town-house offers generous internal accommodation and the huge benefit of an integral garage.
Close To An Excellent Range Of Amenities | Spacious Family Home | No Chain |
"A THREE STOREY 3 BEDROOM TOWN HOUSE WITH INTEGRAL GARAGE SET IN THIS POPULAR DEVELOPMENT JUST OFF TADCASTER ROAD WITH EASY ACCESS INTO THE CITY CENTRE AND TO THE A64. The property has the benefit of gas central heating and double glazing and comprises entrance hall, utility room and separate clo..."
A charming 2 double bedroom semi detached bungalow with a fabulous south west facing rear garden leading down to the river Foss. The property offers an excellent opportunity for updating and potential extension (subject to all relevant consents) and is offered with the convenience of no forward c...
"A modern two bedroom mid town house forming part of this sought after development, conveniently placed within walking distance of the city centre and station. The property will make the perfect investment or first time buy. The accommodation briefly comprises; entrance hall, kitchen and..."
"A fabulous west facing one bedroom, fourth floor apartment with a private parking space. This hugely attractive unit was one of the first plots to be reserved and is now available again as a contract reassignment."
"A two bedroom, semi detached home in a popular residential location to the west of York. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hallway with stairs leading to the first floor and a useful understairs storage cupboard. The property has two reception rooms, the first is a lounge lo..."
"*** NEW INSTRUCTION, TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK*** FREE MORTGAGE ADVICE AVAILABLE ON THIS PROPERTY *** LOVELY 3 BEDROOM END TERRACE PROPERTY, IDEAL FOR YOUNG / GROWING FAMILIES, NOT TO BE MISSED, spacious accommodation, gas central heating, double glazing,..."
"A well presented two bedroom end terrace house ideal for first time buyers and investors. The well presented spacious accommodation comprises modern kitchen diner, living room, downstairs WC, two good sized bedrooms, family bathroom, private enclosed rear garden, driveway providing off ..."
"A beautifully presented and recently refurbished two bedroom bungalow situated down a quiet cul-de-sac in the popular area of Rawcliffe, a short two minute drive to Clifton Moor Shopping Park which offers a large choice of amenities and shops."
"*** NEW INSTRUCTION, MUST BE VIEWED *** TO ARRANGE A VIEWING CALL OUR OFFICES 7AM TO 11PM 7 DAYS A WEEK! - FREE MORTGAGE ADVICE AVAILABLE ON THIS PROPERTY. LOVELY 2 BEDROOM END TERRACE PROPERTY, NOT TO BE MISSED, IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS / YOUNG COUPLES, spacious accommodation, WELL PRESENT..."
IMPRESSIVE HOME SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION CLOSE TO WELL REGARDED SCHOOLS -STYLISH KITCHEN AND BATHROOM - ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN - OFF STREET PARKING - IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY
"A well presented 3 bedroom end terrace house with a lawned rear garden and a garage, situated 1.8 miles north west of York’s city w"
"A superb three bedroom semi-detached bungalow, situated in the sought-after area of Huntington, benefitting from being in Huntington School catchment area, as well as being in close proximity to Monks Cross and Vanguard retail parks, as well as York City Centre."
"A TWO BEDROOM VICTORIAN TERRACED house situated in the popular GROVES area of York, close to the city centre and York District Hospital."
"**INCREDIBLY PRICED** PRIVATE GARDEN & ENTRANCE** STRONG YIELDS OVER 10%** PERFECT FOR OWNER OCCUPIERS AND INVESTORS** PARKING INCLUDED IN PRICE**STUNNING NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT** 5 MINUTES FROM CITY CENTRE**
"
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! DELIGHTFUL APARTMENT IN AWARD WINNING DEVEOPMENT A STONES THROW FROM THE CITY CENTRE AND ""BISHY ROAD"" SHOPPING PARADE! We as Agents are delighted to have the opportunity to present to the market a spacious 2 bed second floor apartment nestled in this ever popular location clo..."
"Set in this small residential development is this very well appointed three bedroom end town house. The property features; engineered oak flooring to the living room with fireplace, modern fitted two tone kitchen cabinets with built-in oven and hob, white bathroom with shower over bath, gardens ..."
"A period semi detached house with an approximately 110 ft wide rear garden and great potential for extension subject to the necessary planning permissions. Located in a quiet cul-de-sac, just off Boroughbridge Road with easy access to both York ring road and York city centre. The area h..."
"Bishops Personal Agents bring to the market an immaculately presented and charming two bedroom period terrace house, set on the fringes of one of York's most sought after locations in Holgate. This property has been well maintained and updated by the current owner, offering a fabulous balance of..."
A beautifully presented 2 bedroom semi detached bungalow with a fabulous landscaped rear garden.
"Simon Says ""Located in the heart of South Bank off the ever popular Bishopthorpe Road is this period and forecourted two double bedroom terrace which is offered with No Forward Chain! Arrange your viewing to avoid missing out!"""
Located in a popular suburb of York is this stunning three bedroom family home. Boasting a generous plot and a beautiful kitchen diner the property is a must see!
"We are delighted to bring to the market, this large 2 bedroom period terrace house in a sought after location just off Bootham within a short walk of the city centre. The property provides tastefully presented living accommodation with the benefit of gas central heating and double glazing and co..."
IMPRESSIVE THREE BEDROOM FAMILY HOME - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - FINISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD - SMART VIEWINGS ALSO AVAILBALE - GARDENS AND DRIVEWAY - STYLISH FITTED KITCHEN - CONSERVATORY.
"OFFERED FOR SALE WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN. An opportunity to purchase a modern, spacious three-bedroom semi-detached bungalow, in need of some updating works. The property is situated in a sought-after location just off New Lane and is conveniently placed to access a range of local amenities to inc..."
A spacious two bedroom second floor apartment part of a popular development located close to the railway station and ideal for accessing the city centre.
"A traditional three bedroom semi detached house in need of modernisation, offered for sale with no forward chain. This property has lots of potential and is ready for you to put your own stamp on!"
"We are pleased to offer to the market this wonderful 2 bedroom riverside apartment with southwest facing balcony overlooking the river and with views of the Minster beyond.
Ideally located just outside the city centre the property has great links into the city and the road and rail networks for t..."
This beautiful characterful Grade 2 listed home is within easy reach of York City centre and many commuter links via the outer ring road yet is set in a position which offers a sense of peace and tranquillity in this most sought after residential area. Located in the historic village of New Earsw...
A four bedroom semi detached dormer bungalow with off street parking and single garage.
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! NON-OVERLOOKED TO REAR! We as agents are delighted to have the opportunity to offer to the market this substantial semi detached family home, originally a three bed but currently converted into two. Located in a popular spot, close to an array of local amenities as well as only ..."
"Located to the south west of York is this two bedroom detached bungalow, well placed for access to the city centre and excellent road links as well as being within walking distance of many local amenities including those that Acomb has to offer. The accommodation includes a good sized r..."
"•	Freehold Ground Rent Investment
•	43 Apartments & “Gazebo” •	Currently Producing £14,300 pa
•	10 yearly Rent Reviews
•	Next Review December 2028
•	999 year lease "
BRIGHT AND SPACIOUS APARTMENT! A STONE'S THROW FROM THE CITY CENTRE! CURRENTLY RUN AS A HOLIDAY LET. IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS OR INVESTORS ALIKE. We as agents are delighted to have the opportunity to present to the market this substantial apartment set in a converted warehouse just off Lawrenc...
"*** VIEWING ADVISED *** A SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW that would benefit from some cosmetic updating and modernisation, situated in a popular residential area close to Stockton Lane with good access to the A64 and motorway network."
IMPRESSIVE SEMI DETACHED HOME - SOUGHT-AFTER LOCATION - TWO BEDROOMS - TWO RECECPTION ROOMS - DRIVEWAY AND GARDENS - OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN - CLOSE TO WELL REGARDED SCHOOLS.
"A traditional three bedroomed semi detached home, in need of a course of modernisation throughout, benefiting from a substantial plot with potential to extend subject to necessary planning permission and which is available for sale with vacant possession and no forward chain."
"This traditional bay fronted three bedroomed semi-detached property, is sold with no onward chain and brought to the market for the first time in fifty years. Located in the very popular Huntington area and benefits from good local amenities and the well-regarded Huntington school, as well as hav..."
Churchills are delighted to offer for sale this three bedroom semi detached house set in this popular residential area convenient for local amenities yet with easy access into York City Centre. The tastefully presented living accommodation has the benefit of gas central heating and UPVC double g...
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this spacious two bedroom semi detached bungalow situated in a desirable location just off Stockton Lane. Boasting a larger than average kitchen, lounge / dining room with feature fireplace, two good sized bedrooms, bathroom and low maintenance gardens!"
**NO ONWARD CHAIN **IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS **GENEROUS DELIGHTFUL GARDEN **TWO BEDROOMS **POPULAR RESIDENTIAL AREA **DOUBLE GLAZING & GAS CENTRAL HEATING **CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES **VIEWING ADVISED
***SPACIOUS FAMILY HOME ***END OF TERRACE ***CORNER PLOT ***THREE DOUBLE BEDROOMS ***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS ***UTILITY ROOM ***EASY ACCESS TO YORK OUTER RING ROAD ***CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES AND SCHOOLS ***VIEWING A MUST***
"If you are looking for a beautifully presented, two-bedroom semi-detached house with quick access to the A64, A1237 and York City Centre, then this property will surely tick all the boxes. The property has been beautifully maintained by the current vendors which is both modern and naturally li..."
"A pretty end terrace house in a great location and modernised to a good standard. Located on a quiet cul de sac off the popular Huntington Road, less that a mile from the city walls, this property offers period features and a range of local amenities. In brief the property con..."
"70% NOW RESERVED. A fantastic one bedroom third floor apartment, part of the Rowntree chocolate factory conversion."
***NO ONWARD CHAIN ***IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS ***THREE BEDROOMS ***OFF STREET PARKING ***SOUTH FACING REAR GARDEN ***NEW ROOF IN NOVEMBER 2020 ***EARLY VIEWING ESSENTIAL ***EPC GRADE D***
"70% NOW RESERVED. A fantastic one bedroom second floor apartment, part of the Rowntree chocolate factory conversion."
"70% NOW RESERVED. A fantastic one bedroom first floor apartment, part of the Rowntree chocolate factory conversion."
"We are really pleased to bring this property to market which is perfect for a first-time buyer, small family or investor. Located in the sought after area of Rawcliffe on the outskirts of the city and close to the ring road and with lots of amenities including, supermarkets, DIY stores, restauran..."
A well presented TWO BEDROOM SEMI-DETACHED BUNGALOW situated on a generous plot lying just off Water Lane in the popular Rawcliffe area of York.
"A lovely and well presented two bedroom home situated in a popular residential area, surrounded by a range of local amenities and conveniences."
"Located in the popular residential area of Huntington, just off North Lane, is this two bedroom semi detached bungalow offered with no onward chain. Walking distance to the local amenities at Huntington, commuter links to York city centre and a short drive to Monks Cross and Vangarde shopping cen..."
"A two bedroom end terrace house with parking to the front and positioned in a quiet cul de sac. Located to the north of York in this ever sought after area, ideal for access to the city centre, varied commuter links and local amenities. Well presented and modernised by the curr..."
A beautifully presented 3 bedroom mid terrace house with a conservatory and a garage en bloc.
A spacious two bedroom ground floor apartment offering the huge advantages of a private rear garden and an allocated parking space.
"A beautifully presented, two bedroom townhouse in the hugely popular Nether Poppleton, close to York’s outer ring road. Upon entering the property you have an entrance porch which leads through to the living room. The living room has a large window to the front elevation and a useful understa..."
"**5 MINUTES FROM CITY CENTRE** INCREDIBLY PRICED** PRIVATE GARDEN & ENTRANCE** STRONG YIELDS OVER 10%** PERFECT FOR OWNER OCCUPIERS AND INVESTORS**STUNNING NEW BUILD DEVELOPMENT**
"
A luxury one bedroom apartment within the former Terry's Chocolate Factory with the benefit of a parking space.
**NO ONWARD CHAIN **TWO BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED BUNGALOW **SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION **QUIET CUL DE SAC **VIEWING ADVISED **EPC GRADE D
"Nestled in a quiet corner of York City Centre standing tall within Yorks historic city walls is the iconic Rowntree Wharf. The development is five stories high, includes a nine-storey water tower and is believed to have previously been one of the largest flour mills in Europe when founded by Henr..."
"A well-presented, two bedroom, semi-detached home in the highly sought after Huntington. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hall with stairs leading to the first floor. The kitchen is located to the rear of the property and has a range of base and wall units, integrated double ov..."
"Three bedroom mid terraced property in a popular area of York with front and rear garden and off road parking. A great space for families and also with a strong rental history, close to local amenities."
A spacious GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT situated in a prestigious modern purpose built block in the sought after BISHOPTHORPE ROAD area of York.
"Located to the north of York, ideally positioned for access to Clifton Moor retail park, the outer ring road and York city centre is this well proportioned semi detached bungalow. Well presented throughout the internal accommodation briefly comprises; double glazed entrance door leading ..."
A spacious three-bedroom mid terrace home which has recently had a new kitchen and bathroom installed in this popular location offering quick and easy access on to the outer ring road and into York City Centre.
"This beautifully presented period two bedroom terrace home is offered to the market for the first time in nearly 40 years. Having been lovingly owned and modernised throughout by the current owner the accommodation consists of: entrance hallway, dining room, living room, modern refitted kitchen w..."
***No Onward Chain*** New to the market is this beautifully presented two bedroom property situated in the heart of York close to plenty of local amenities including York City Centre and York Train Station - ideal for commuters. The property boasts fantastic public transport and road links bot...
A 2 bedroom semi-detached bungalow occupying a delightful corner plot with a wide frontage incorporating a secluded lawned garden and driveway with space for a garage or extended off street parking. The property offers an excellent opportunity for updating and potential extension (subject to all ...
"A well presented 3 bedroom mid terrace with a well established rear garden, offered for sale with the convenience of no forward chain. "
City centre apartment with parking in a discreet corner of York.
"Churchills Estate Agents are offering for sale this three bedroom mid terrace period house located within this convenient and popular residential area, only a short stroll into the city centre, the railway station and within easy access to the outer ring road. The bright and airy living accommoda..."
"A well presented 3 double bedroom mid terrace with a south facing rear garden, offered for sale with the convenience of no forward chain."
***NO FORWARD CHAIN***THREE BEDROOM***END TOWN HOUSE***BRIGHT AND AIRY***IN THE HEART OF ACOMB VILLAGE***EASY ACCESS TO YORK OUTER RING ROAD***LANDSCAPED LOW MAINTENACE GARDENS***SINGLE GARAGE***VIEWING HIGHLY RECOMMENDED***
Set just a short walk along Bootham from the heart of York city centre is this spacious two bedroom apartment occupying a prime spot on the ground floor of this most popular development. Burton Court is a small collection of apartments nestled in beautifully maintained communal gardens and offers...
A spacious two bedroom second floor apartment located in a popular development close to both the city centre and the railway station.
"An immaculate three bedroom property located in the heart of Acomb, offering great access to the outer ring road, A64 and Acomb Front Street, this property will prove popular with a wide range of buyers. Much improved by its owner, this has been a family home for over 20 years and is ready to mov..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! IDEAL FAMILY HOME OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY! We as agents are delighted to have the opportunity to present to the market this substantial, extended, three double bedroomed semi detached family home with a larger than average garden located close to Acomb's bustling shopping para..."
"Bishops Personal Agents offer for sale just a short distance out of the city of York, a fantastic opportunity to put your own stamp and style on a semi-detached family home, situated in a quiet cul-de-sac. Offering the best in city suburb living, located just to the south/west of York off Borough..."
"A smart one bedroom apartment with parking which boasts close proximity to beautiful river walks, historic walls and walking distance to the ever popular Bishy Road. Postern Close is a perfect blend of City living in a quieter location. The apartment is spacious yet cosy with the added bonus of a..."
A spacious two bedroom apartment in York City Centre.
Excellent location | Period Terrace | Open plan lounge/dining room
A spacious two bedroom second floor apartment located just a short stroll from the heart of the city centre and placed within an impressive period building.
"Bishops Personal Agents bring to the market a rare opportunity to purchase a unique two bedroom detached house, tucked away at the end of a terraced cul-de-sac off Huntington Road in York, just a short stroll to the York's City Centre, The Hospital and St Johns College. Spread over two floors..."
AN OPPORTUNITY TO PURCHASE A 3 DOUBLE BEDROOM TERRACED HOUSE JUST 1.5 MILES FROM THE CENTRE OF YORK.
"This well proportioned THREE bedroom mid town house benefits from off street parking, an enclosed rear garden and is conveniently located within walking distance of shops and local amenities and has access to a regular bus route serving the city centre, the district hospital & York's St John's Un..."
"Simon Says ""With two double bedrooms and tucked away in a cul-de-sac within Rawcliffe, this home is great for first time buyers and is very well placed for access to the city as well as York Hospital!"""
A beautifully presented and spacious two double bedroomed traditional Victorian terraced property. The property has undergone a programme of improvements by the current owner and the results are very impressive especially the replacement UPVC sash windows. Located in this popular and well served ...
"Semi detached bungalow with tenants in situ. With a strong yield, this property offers a fantastic investment opportunity with a long term tenant.
"
"A beautifully presented and well-designed two bedroomed ground floor apartment situated in this prestigious and sought after development on the fringe of York just off Tadcaster Road. The property has the benefit of outside space in the form of a private patio accessed from the lounge, a pri..."
"Three bedroom mid terraced property in a popular area with gardens and off road parking, beautifully presented. Space for families or with strong rental potential. No chain."
**NO ONWARD CHAIN **IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYERS or INVESTORS**HIGHLY SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION **PRIVATE DRIVEWAY PARKING **GENEROUS SIZE LOUNGE **EASY ACCESS TO YORK OUTER RING ROAD **EPC AWAITING***
"Extended mid terraced period property ** CHAIN FREE ** in the sought after South Bank area of York, close to locally known ' Bishy Road'."
"This is a lovely two bedroom semi detached bungalow located in the popular residential area of Woodthorpe. Close to local amenities and a short trip away from York city centre, this property is ideal for any first time buyer or those who are looking to downsize. Offered with no fo..."
**NO CHAIN **IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYER **LARGE PRIVATE REAR GARDEN **THREE BEDROOMS **DRIVEWAY PARKING **VIEWING ADVISED **EASY ACCESS TO YORK OUTER RING ROAD
"Close to commuter links to York city centre and a variety of local amenities, is this spacious end town house located in the popular residential area of Clifton. The property offers two double bedrooms and is well maintained throughout, this property is ready to move into by the next owners. "
NO FORWARD CHAIN! We as Agents are delighted to have the opportunity to present to the market this delightful 2 bedroomed semi detached bungalow nestled in a quiet residential location to the West of York close to local amenities as well as being on a good bus route and easy access to the ring ro...
"A well presented, two bedroom terrace home located in the highly popular Holgate area of York. Upon entering the property you have the lounge with window to the front elevation. Beyond the lounge is an inner hallway with stairs leading to the first floor. Beyond the hallway you have the ..."
"Bishops Personal Agents present to the market a two bedroom end of terrace, with a fabulous garden situated in the highly sought after location of Tang Hall, well situated with easy access into the York City Centre, local shops, schools and the Vangarde shopping centre close at hand, this proper..."
This 2 bedroom semi-detached bungalow in the popular location of Huntington is ready for you to put your own stamp on! Offered for sale with no onward chain!
"A well presented, TWO BEDROOM modern apartment with ALLOCATED PARKING. Situated in the Heworth area of York, a short distance to YORK CITY CENTRE AND YORK ST JOHN UNIVERSITY."
"Part of the modern Hungate development, this impressive one bedroom apartment offers a stunning open plan living space which opens onto a fantastic balcony."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN - TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM PERIOD TERRACE HOUSE WITH GOOD SIZED REAR COURTYARD - Churchills are delighted to offer for sale this impressive period property located in this central Burton Stone Lane area convenient for York city centre, the Hospital and the railway station. Updated and ..."
This superb one bedroom apartment offers modern city living with a fabulous open plan lounge/diner and fitted kitchen.
Offered with no forward chain - A very smartly presented semi detached bungalow with two bedrooms. Bedroom two is currently furnished as a smart built-in office. The kitchen and shower room offer a touch of modern living in a traditional setting. The garden is landscaped to a very high standard a...
"A well-presented, two bedroom terraced home on a popular residential street located approximately one mile from York’s historic city walls. You enter the property in to the lounge with functioning fireplace and window to the front elevation. The lounge leads through to the dining room wi..."
"A superb opportunity to acquire this 2 bedroom semi detached bungalow in the sought after location of Acomb, with many amenities close by."
"*** NO ONWARD CHAIN *** An exciting opportunity to acquire a substantial three bedroom home in the popular area of Acomb, close to a variety of local amenities and transport links to York city centre. A much loved home for many years, this property could make a wonderful family home and is i..."
"This 3 bedroom semi detached property requires updating to most areas, but benefits from a popular location - being close to Clifton Moor and Clifton Green. It also has an attached single garage and larger than average rear garden with off street parking."
"A fantastic opportunity to purchase this two bedroom, semi-detached bungalow in the highly sought after Huntington. Upon entering the property there is an entrance hallway providing access to the other main rooms of the bungalow. There is a generous reception room with window to the front..."
A well presented two bedroom terraced property in the popular Holgate area of York. Upon entering the property you have the living room which also houses the stairs leading to the first floor. To the rear of the property is the fitted kitchen with its range of base and wall units and a do...
"A well presented three bedroom mid-terrace situated in a cul-de-sac location just off Hull Road, a short walk from local shops, great schools and the University of York."
"A 3 double bedroom semi detached dormer bungalow with a driveway and garage, offered for sale with the convenience of no forward chain."
"Located to the west of York, conveniently placed for access to York city centre, various commuter links and the many local amenities Acomb has to offer is this two double bedroom period home. Sure to appeal to a wide range of buyers; first time buyers looking to get on the property ladder or an i..."
A two bedroom semi detached bungalow requiring modernisation is a sought after location. Located in the popular Holgate area of York on a very quiet street which only has car access to the rear of the properties making the open aspect at the front very popular. This semi detached bungal...
"A traditional VICTORIAN TERRACE HOUSE, situated in a highly sought after area of CLIFTON, close to York District Hospital and York City Centre"
"Boasting a fantastic Fulford location, this purpose built, modern, second floor apartment offers any buyer great living space with a bright kitchen diner, allocated parking space and it's own private balcony, overlooking Fulford and beyond. It also has on..."
IMPRESSIVE TWO BEDROOM TOP FLOOR APARTMENT - WELL PRESENTED THOUGHOUT - ROOF TOP BALCONY - STYLISH FITTED KITCHEN AND SHOWER ROOM - OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - VIEWS OVER THE RIVER FOSS - SMART VIEWINGS ALSO AVAILABLE
"With features including STYLISH LIVING / DINING AREA, SEPARATE KITCHEN, DEDICATED PARKING, EN-SUITE to principal bedroom, a 10-YEAR NHBC guarantee and the ability to PRE-RESERVE ONLINE, this two bedroom apartment on Langley Gate development could be your perfect first home. Speak to our Developme..."
"NO FORWARD CHAIN! TWO BED TERRACE WITH SOUTH FACING REAR COURTYARD! Churchills are delighted to offer for sale this two bedroom period house, set within this highly sought after residential location of South Bank, moments away from the Knavesmire Racecourse and a short walk to York City centre an..."
"An Excellent first-time buyer/investment opportunity to buy this traditional two double bedroomed, mid-terrace, period property sold with no onward chain. The property which has two reception rooms is located in this extremely popular residential area between Bishopthorpe Road and The Knavesmire...."
"A SEMI-DETACHED, TWO BEDROOM BUNGALOW, requiring some refurbishment, situated in a convenient location to the west of York city centre, close to Hob Moor and local facilities in Acomb."
A 3 bedroom end terrace with a south west facing lawned rear garden and off street parking. The property is situated just 1.3 miles north of York city walls and is offered for sale with the convenience of no forward chain.
"Set on a desirable corner plot with grounds and gardens to three sides is this well designed two bedroomed, semi-detached bungalow. The popular location benefits from good local amenities in Huntington and the nearby Vanguard retail park. In our opinion this property represents excellent value fo..."
"A FABULOUS GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT WITH PRIVATE COURTYARD AND BASEMENT STORAGE, SET IN THIS GATED MANSION HOUSE DEVELOPMENT WITHIN THIS SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION BY THE GREEN. The property is entered via a large communal hallway, the living accommodation has a grand feel with high ceilings and provide..."
"A spacious THREE BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT with private driveway, situated in the popular Burnholme area of York."
"Situated in this sought after and convenient location, approximately a mile from the city centre this superb mid terrace property has undergone a scheme of modernisation and improvement including a restyling of the accommodation to incorporate a first floor bathroom as well as a utility room on t..."
"A 2 double bedroom semi detached house in need of modernisation with a south east facing rear garden, offered for sale with the convenience of no forward chain."
"This attractive period terraced property is set just off Haxby Road; a short walk from the heart of the city centre, and the District Hospital. Diamond Street is a no-through road and as such boasts a real sense of peace not ordinarily expected of such a location. The property i..."
"An exciting opportunity to acquire a two bedroom semi detached home in the popular area of Burnholme. Close to a variety of local amenities, commuter links to York city centre and further afield via the ring road, this home offers the next buyers the opportunity to make it their very own as mode..."
"A well-presented, two bedroom home in the popular Leeman Road area of York. Upon entering the property you have a lounge with window to the front elevation that fills the room with plenty of light. Beyond the lounge you come to the dining room with stairs leading to the first floor. The k..."
A well presented 2 double bedroom end terrace with a good sized rear garden. 
"A well presented TWO BEDROOM TERRACE HOUSE, situated in the sought after LEEMAN ROAD area of York providing easy access to York City Centre and York Railway Station"
"A Beautifully Presented, TWO BEDROOM Apartment with OPEN PLAN LIVING AREA and Private Parking. Ideally Situated for Easy Access to York City Centre, York University and the A19"
***FANTASTIC FIRST TIME BUYER/INVESTOR HOME***PERIOD MID TERRACE HOUSE***BRIGHT AND AIRY THROUGHOUT***EXCELLANT ACCESS TO CITY CENTRE***TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS***SPACIOUS THROUGH LOUNGE/DINER***REAR COURTAYRD***ON STREET PARKING***VIEWING A MUST***
"This bright and spacious apartment boasts a wonderful position within a most sought after riverside development. Rowntree Wharf, a former mill, has been tastefully modernised and improved to offer contemporary accommodation whilst retaining much of the property's original character. The Cocoa S..."
"We are happy to introduce to market this lovely property in York To the front of the property is on street parking with a good sized front garden, before entering the property into a small entrance hall with stairs in front of you. This property has a spacious lounge which ope..."
"This wonderful two bedroom apartment features a spacious lounge which has a large French door opening onto a balcony, offering views across the city and down towards the River Foss."
"Part of the hugely popular Hungate development, this one bedroom first floor apartment offers contemporary open plan living with access to a balcony and a fitted kitchen."
A wonderful first floor apartment offering open plan living with a modern fitted kitchen and located just a short stroll from the heart of the city centre.
"A lovely 2 double bedroom first floor apartment with the benefit of a parking space and a garage set in attractive communal gardens, situated just 2.5 miles south of York city centre."
"A spacious four bedroom mid terrace home on Foxwood Lane offering easy access to York city centre via the local commuter links whilst being very close to the local amenities on offer. Offered with no onward chain, this property is sure to be popular amongst first time buyers and investo..."
"Located in the popular area of Acomb, a short walk from the local amenities Front Street has to offer, is this three bedroom end terrace home. Set on a good size plot, this property offers the next owner the exciting opportunity to make it their own as it is in need of full modernisation. "
"We are pleased to present this three-bedroom, semi-detached property located in York, located on a good size plot the next owner will be able to to make this house their own. The property consists of – Lounge, Kitchen, Three bedrooms, a Bathroom and a WC. This property offers sp..."
"A smartly presented 2 bedroom apartment with private terrace and parking, enjoying a peaceful location within the sought-after area of Fulford."
Very smart apartment which has undergone an extensive refurbishment from the current owners which has improved the layout and opened the space up to cater for modern living. The front offers allocated parking plus visitors and a rear pleasant communal garden. Perfect for a whole host of buyers.
"A new build apartment, available to purchase off plan, located next to York Railway Station in a select development of only nine apartments. A solar power energy system is shared across each of the nine apartments and the communal areas, this modern adoption of solar energy is rare in m..."
"GOOD SIZE SOUTH FACING LAWNED REAR GARDEN! NO FORWARD CHAIN! We as agents are delighted to have the opportunity to present to the market this bright and spacious 3 bed home located to the West of York, close to an array of local amenities as well as being on a good bus route and easy access into ..."
DECEPTIVELY LARGE GARDEN FLAT IN CONVERTED VICTORIAN TERRACED HOME! POTENTIAL TO SPLIT INTO TWO APARTMENTS! WALKING DISTANCE FROM THE TRAIN STATION AND THE CITY CENTRE! We as agents are delighted to have the opportunity to present to the market this unique apartment boasting gardens to front and ...
"A fabulous modern apartment located right in the heart of the city centre, finished to a high standard throughout."
"**** 80% DISCOUNT FOR SALE **** Located just off Water Lane is this three bedroomed, end terraced property with off street parking and a private walled garden."
"This beautifully kept and modernised home is situated close to the vibrant and eclectic mix of Acomb shops and is just a short walk away from Energise Leisure Centre. Briefly comprising; entrance lobby leading on to a dining room, lounge and kitchen. To the first floor there are two DOUB..."
WELL PRESENTED GOUND FLOOR APARTMENT - TWO BEDROOMS - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - FINISHED TO A HIGH STANDARD - STYLISH FITTED KITCHEN - PRIVATE COMMUNAL GARDENS - PARKING
"A good sized 3 bedroom terraced house with a spacious kitchen/dining room, off street parking and a lawned rear garden. This is a great opportunity to update a home to your own taste and is offered with the convenience of no forward chain."
Apartment 4 is the former show apartment of this exclusive city centre development of only 25 apartments. The apartment is situated on the upper ground floor of the development with views along St Saviourgate towards the bell tower. The finish of these apartments is second t...
"DELIGHTFUL APARTMENT OFF FULFORD ROAD! IDEAL INVESTMENT OR FIRST TIME BUYER OPPORTUNITY! We as Agents are pleased to offer to the market this bright and spacious 2 bed ground floor apartment with allocated parking nestled in a quiet and exclusive development off the ever popular Fulford Road, bei..."
A well presented TWO BEDROOM GROUND FLOOR APARTMENT situated in a modern development just off Lowther Street in the popular Groves area of York within easy reach of the city centre.
A wonderfully presented traditional two bed terraced property offering a wealth of original features with walled courtyard.
"Bishops Personal Agents offer for sale just a short distance out of the city of York, a fantastic opportunity to put your own stamp and style on a semi-detached bungalow. Offering the best in city suburb living, located in a quiet cul-de-sac street just to the south/west of York in Acomb, well si..."
"Forming part of this exclusive development set within attractive mature gardens less than a mile from the city centre, this spacious 2 bedroom apartment is offered with NO ONWARD CHAIN and offers an ideal opportunity for the first time buyer to acquire an exclusive apartment with the benefit of a..."
"A four bedroom townhouse with front and rear gardens located in a popular residential location to the west of York. Upon entering the property you have an entrance hallway with downstairs W.C. The kitchen diner runs the full length of the property and features a range of base and wall units, ..."
"A single story mews property, with its own courtyard, situated in a sought-after location. The property benefits from gas central heating and UPVC double glazing with accommodation that comprises of a living room, kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom. Externally to the front is a is it's o..."
"A single story mews property, with its own courtyard, situated in a sought-after location. The property benefits from gas central heating and UPVC double glazing with accommodation that comprises of a living room, kitchen, two bedrooms and a bathroom. Externally to the front is it's own co..."
"A two bedroom, ground floor apartment in a popular development approximately half a mile from York’s historic city walls. The building is entered via a communal entrance hall with electronic intercom system. Upon entering the apartment, itself there is an entrance hallway with storage cupboar..."
Offered with No Onward | Immaculate Throughout | Within Walking Distance to York City Centre
"A fantastic opportunity to acquire this two double bedroom, end terrace house in the popular area of Acomb. Located within close proximity to many local amenities and transport links, including the A64."
"We have received an offer of £190,000. Any increased offers are to be received within 5 days of this publication at the above agents. CASH BUYERS ONLY, This modern apartment is in the exclusive development of Fulford Place and is offered to the market with no onward chain, compri..."
"An immaculately presented PARK HOME CHALET BUNGALOW for over 45's, situated within a private gated communal entrance in a superb location on St Oswald's Road lying close to Fulford Road."
IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY - VERY POPULAR LOCATION - CLOSE TO LOCAL SCHOOLS - TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS - SITTING ROOM AND LIVING ROOM - ENCLOSED REAR COURTYARD.
"A well-proportioned two bedroom end-terrace property located in the popular Leeman Road area of the city, just a short distance from the railway station."
"Located to the east of York, within the popular residential area of Huntington, is this three bedroom dormer bungalow. With a 68% share available to purchase, properties of this size under the shared ownership scheme seldom come to the market. Huntington is located a short drive from Yo..."
"A hugely impressive one bedroom executive upper ground floor apartment placed in a sought after development, right in the heart of the city centre."
"SUPERB ONE BEDROOM CITY CENTRE APARTMENT WITH HOLIDAY LET POTENTIAL AND DESIGNATED PARKING! Churchills Estate Agents are delighted to offer for sale this fabulous property just 5 minutes from the Railway station, York's historic city walls as well as it's many restaurants, attractions and ameniti..."
"Simon Says ""Located between Coney St & Parliament St is this unique duplex apartment set over two floors. This property is great for first time buyers wanting to experience living in the heart of the city centre whilst it makes perfect sense for a number of different investors as it appe..."
"A rear storage building with planning permission to become a two storey cottage, located on the sought after Portland Street. Located on the corner of Gillygate and Portland Street this building plot has planning in place for a two storey property with an open plan living area. "
"A modern and spacious first floor flat situated in a newly renovated building in Clifton Moor, a short distance to many shops, amenities and leisure facilities."
"A well presented, modern ground floor flat situated in a newly renovated building in Clifton Moor, a short distance to many shops, amenities and leisure facilities."
** Beautifully present one bedroom end terrace property with driveway and parking **
"INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY Sold with a tenant in situ and a strong rental yield, this spacious contemporary apartment in York city centre boasts one of the best positions in this prestigious development."
"This spacious semi detached home is offered with no onward chain, and is set to the west of York; conveniently positioned for access to the City centre, commuter links and many local amenities Acomb village has to offer. The property has been well maintained although does offer scope fo..."
"Situated in Chapelfields this extended two bedroom semi detached house benefits from gas central heating, uPVC double glazing and no onward chain. The property comprises: an entrance hall, a spacious double aspect living room with French doors opening to a uPVC double glazed conservatory, kitchen..."
A wonderful two bedroom top floor apartment offering allocated parking and a generous open plan living space.
"Ideal investment opportunity. Located just a short walk to York city centre via both Bootham or along the river Ouse, is this quaint one bedroom mews property with huge potential to be let on the Holiday Let market. This freehold property offers a private and enclosed courtyard with bi..."
"Located a short walk from the historic walls of York city centre and close to the scenic walks of the River Foss, is this unique two bedroom ground floor apartment with its own private courtyard. Situated off Huntington Road, this apartment also benefits from regular commuter services to the city..."
"Located close to York city centre and within a short walk from the historic city walls is this two bedroom apartment. Positioned on the first floor, this property is currently tenanted until April 2023. Internally the apartment comprises an entrance hallway leading into the open plan li..."
"1 bedroom basement apartment close to the city centre. With a rear patio garden, this light bright and spacious apartment is perfect for first-time buyers or investors. No onward chain."
A first floor two bedroom apartment within a modern development and includes a private parking space all within half a mile of York city walls. Heworth Mews is located close to York city centre with the popular East Parade just a stones throw away offering a range of amenities including...
"This wonderful, spacious apartment is set to the west of York in a small, modern development tucked away off Beckfield Lane. Occupying a great position on the ground floor, the property feels light and airy yet offers a real sense of privacy. Beautifully presented by the current owner, ..."
"***FOR SALE BY MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION : STARTING BID PRICE £200,000 PLUS RESERVATION FEE ***NO FORWARD CHAIN***POPULAR RESIDENTIAL AREA***THREE BEDROOMS***FANTASTIC PLOT****IN NEED OF SOME UPDATING***LOTS OF POTENTIAL***VIEWING A MUST***"
"A Fabulous two bedroomed, ground floor, ‘Leasehold’ apartment with parking space - built in 2010 - Of interest to First Time Buyers, Landlords and Investors."
"A unique detached property placed just off Lawrence Street and offering an open plan living space, one double bedroom, a study/potential second bedroom and a three piece bathroom."
DETACHED COACH HOUSE - SOUGHT AFTER LOCATION - POTENTIAL CONVERSION SUBJECT TO PLANNING PERMISSION - OFFERED WITH NO ONWARD CHAIN - VIEWING IS STRONGLY RECOMMENDED - FOR SALE BY MODERN AUCTION - RESERVATION FEE APPLICABLE.
"Located in the popular suburb of Acomb, walking distance from a wide range of local amenities & York city centre and with great access to the outer ring road, this immaculate apartment will prove popular. Situated on the first floor in this recently converted Victorian town house, the accommodati..."
"*Only a Few Units Remaining* A brand new development featuring one and two bedrooms in a highly sought after neighbourhood only 5 minutes away from the town centre. Comprises a luxury specification throughout, within a close proximity to the University and other amenities. LOCATION ..."
"A river fronting holiday let also known as the ""Foss View Studio"" is a popular city centre apartment. Nestled in a quiet corner of York city centre standing tall within Yorks historic city walls is the iconic Rowntree Wharf. The development is five stories high, includes a nine storey w..."
"***FOR SALE BY MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION : STARTING BID £190,000 PLUS RESERVATION FEE ***THREE BEDROOM SEMI DETACHED HOME***POPULAR RESIDENTIAL AREA OF DRINGHOUSES***TWO RECEPTION ROOMS***SHOWER ROOM***GARDENS***EXCELLENT ROAD LINKS***CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES***VIEWING A MUST***EPC D***COUNC..."
"SPACIOUS APARTMENT - TWO BEDROOMS - OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - COMMNUAL GARDENS - OPEN PLAN SITTING ROOM/KITCHEN - PARKING SAPCE - VEWINGS ESSENTAIL. We advise that an offer has been made for the above property in the sum of £197,500 . Any persons wishing to increase on this..."
"***FOR SALE BY MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION : STARTING BID PRICE £190,000 PLUS RESERVATION FEE ***NO FORWARD CHAIN ***THREE BEDROOMS ***END TOWN HOUSE ***CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES ***CUL DE SAC POSITION ***ENCLOSED REAR GARDEN ***IDEAL FIRST TIME BUYER/INVESTOR PROPERTY ***VIEWING RECOMMENDED **..."
"A fantastic one bedroom detached property offering a well-proportioned lounge, a separate fitted kitchen and a first floor bathroom."
"**** NO ONWARD CHAIN **** A traditional 2 bedroom mid terrace property requiring some modernisation, with spacious 2 bedroom living accommodation, ideal for investors and DIY enthusiasts."
***NO FORWARD CHAIN ***TWO DOUBLE BEDROOM HOUSE ***CUL DE SAC POSITION ***IDEAL FOR FIRST TIME BUYER ***GARDENS TO FRONT AND REAR ***CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES ***EARLY VIEWING ESSENTIAL***
"Beautifully presented ground floor apartment. Lovingly updated by the current owner who added central heating, new carpets throughout and the stunning kitchen. Located in this incredibly popular area within easy access to York City Centre and an easy link to the A64 for those needing to travel. ..."
"This is a wonderful modern first-floor one bedroom apartment with parking, located just a stones throw away from the city walls, with a view of York Minster. This property is perfect for first time buyers or those looking for a fantastic investment!"
"*Only A Few Units Remaining* A brand new development featuring one and two bedrooms in a highly sought after neighbourhood only 5 minutes away from the town centre. Comprises a luxury specification throughout, within a close proximity to the University and other amenities. LOCAT..."
"A second floor two bedroom apartment with parking, offered with no onward chain. An ideal purchase for a first time buyer or investor. Located in Huntington, yet within walking distance of York city centre, and within the catchment area of Huntington Senior School. Internally ..."
"A modern first floor apartment with a parking space, located a short walk from York Railway Station. These apartments are ideal for city centre living or buy to let investment. Developed in 2016 the private development known as The Walk, is in easy reach of Micklegate and the amenities..."
An ideal opportunity to acquire this modern ground floor apartment ideal for a first time buyer/ investment or a holiday let!
"A well-proportioned two bedroom first floor apartment placed on Layerthorpe, just a short distance from the city centre."
A generous one bedroom ground floor apartment located right in the heart of the city centre and offering the huge advantage of a secure allocated parking space.
"A great 2 bedroom first floor apartment forming part of this small development located just off Poppleton Road in Holgate.  Spacious living room with open plan kitchen, large main bedroom and a further large single.  Parking.  Early viewing essential."
"WHAT A FANTASTIC LOCATION! A perfect opportunity for any first time buyer or investor to acquire a one bedroom ground floor apartment, a short walk from the varied amenities of Blossom Street and Micklegate, whilst within close proximity of York railway station and various commuter l..."
"NO ONWARD CHAIN Located to the west of York, is this bright and spacious ground floor apartment, situated within walking distance to the Railway station, city centre and local amenities. The property has been a successful rental for many years, and would make an ideal investment or first tim..."
"Well presented one bedroom top/third floor apartment in this sought after development with allocated parking, close to the railway station and city centre. Sold with tenant in situ."
"A very spacious second floor apartment in this sought after area, within the city walls. One double bedroom. Perfect for first time buyers or investors."
"A lovely one bedroom first floor apartment offering the benefits of a well-proportioned lounge/diner, a separate fitted kitchen, a three piece bathroom and is located close to the city centre."
"A beautifully presented first floor apartment benefiting from allocated parking and balcony, being located within this tree lined development and enjoying quick and easy access to York city centre, the A64 and A19."
"This spacious two bedroom apartment is set within this ever sought after Over 60's development ideally placed for access to York city centre, the District Hospital and local amenities. Hansom Place is a small collection of retirement properties and is sure to appeal to those looking for a low mai..."
A wonderful first floor apartment placed in a modern development just off Heworth Green with easy access into the city centre and many amenities nearby.
"***FOR SALE BY MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION : STARTING BID PRICE £170,000 PLUS RESERVATION FEE **NO CHAIN **FANTASTIC OPPORTUNITY TO MODERNISE THROUGHOUT ***TWO DOUBLE BEDROOMS ***VIEWING HIGHLY RECCOMENDED ***END TERRACE ***DRIVWAY ***GARAGE ***GOOD SIZE PLOT ***EPC GRADE F ***COUNCIL TAX BAND..."
"A one bedroom ground floor flat located within York's city walls on Tanner Row. Offering great access to all the city centre offers and York Railway Station it comprises of a living room with open plan modern kitchen, double bedroom and bathroom.  A great property that will suit a range o..."
"A well presented one bedroom ground floor flat forming part of this small development considered to provide good access to the University of York but also York city centre.  One double bedroom, bathroom, living room with open plan kitchen.  Early viewing recommended."
"A wonderful one bedroom ground floor apartment in this popular residential development located within Clifton Moor. Converted over recent years, this apartment offers spacious accommodation and a generous courtyard. Offered with no onward chain, this property is sure to be popular amongst a varie..."
A well-proportioned two bedroom ground floor apartment located in a development placed just off Huntington Road.
"A large 1 bedroom ground floor apartment set in this sought after location within walking distance of the railway station and the city centre. The property is currently let under a shorthold tenancy agreement and provides an excellent investment. The accommodation comprises private entrance hall,..."
"A rare opportunity to purchase a semi detached bungalow under the Shared Ownership Scheme. This two bedroom home is perfectly situated for easy access to York city centre via local transport links and Acomb's amenities. The property comprises a wide entrance hallway, generous reception ..."
A modern and contemporary one bedroom ground floor flat within walking distance to York railway station and the city centre. Ideal investment opportunity or first time buyer property.
An outstanding opportunity to acquire this 2 bedroom city centre apartment on a shared ownership basis. (80% share)
"Located in the heart of York’s bustling city centre this studio apartment is sure to appeal to a variety of purchasers. The development is accessed via a communal entrance with intercom entry system, a lift and stairs lead to the second floor where this apartment is located. Upon entering..."
"An ideal investment opportunity or an ideal ground floor flat for the first time buyer. Located just off Tadcaster Road, close to the Knavesmire, this property briefly comprises; entrance hallway with two storage cupboards, lounge and fitted kitchen with door to the rear and communal g..."
"What a fantastic apartment this is. Modern open plan living, bringing such a light and airy feel to the place. A great size master bedroom and allocated parking. All the amenities of Clifton Moor are close by too."
"Set just a short walk from the City centre and its varied local amenities, this is the perfect property for a first time buy or investment. This spacious ground floor apartment benefits from an allocated parking space; a rare find so close to the city centre, communal patio area and a storage she..."
"A one bedroom ground floor apartment, ideal for a first time buyer or investor. Dale Street has been sectioned off into two peaceful cul-de-sac's offering pedestrian only access through its centre, the apartment is accessed by car from the Scarcroft Primary School End (Ofsted Rated Outs..."
"A fabulous one bedroom first floor apartment with an allocated parking space, offered for sale with the convenience of no forward chain."
An impeccably maintained and modern first floor retirement apartment - ready to move straight into. 
"QUIET CUL-DE-SAC LOCATION OFF BECKFIELD LANE! We as Agents are delighted to offer to the market this delightful one bed ground floor apartment tucked away in a quiet spot to the West of York, being close to good local amenities, easy access into town as well as straight on to the ring road. The p..."
"Two bedroom retirement property tucked away in a quiet cul de sac off Fulford Road, offering quick and easy to York City Centre and regular bus routes in and out of York. Sold with Vacant Possession and No Onward Chain."
One Bedroom Apartment - Ideal Investment Opportunity - First Floor - Finished To A High Standard - Desirable Location - Easy Access To City Centre - Close To Local Amenities - EPC Grade C.
"Located to the north/east of the city just off Huntington Road, this one bedroom first floor apartment features a generous lounge/diner, a fitted kitchen and a three piece bathroom."
Productive arable land extending to 10.69 acres (4.33 hectares).
Fantastic Location - Close To City Centre - EPC Grade D - Easy Access To Ring Road And A64 -Fantastic Amenities Nearby - Ideal Investment Opportunity -Currently tenanted - For sale with no onward chain
***NO FORWARD CHAIN ***ONE BEDROOM APARTMENT ***LARGER KITCHEN WITH WALK IN PANTRY ***OVER 55'S DEVELOPMENT ***WARDEN ASSISTED ***SECOND FLOOR ***FANTASTIC VIEWS ***CLOSE TO LOCAL AMENITIES ACOMB VILLAGE ***COMMUNAL GARDENS ***COMMUNAL FACILITIES ***VIEWING A MUST***
"No. 49 - This one bedroom, second floor, over 55's retirement apartment has been well maintained and is only a short flat walk to the local shops & amenities in Acomb, with excellent bus links into York City Centre. The apartment is located on the second floor and can be accessed by s..."
A one bedroomed ground floor apartment situated in this increasingly popular modern development within half a mile of the town centre. Sold with no onward chain the property is offered with warden assisted to those over 60 years of age. The accommodation has the benefit of communal faci...
IDEAL FIRST TIME BUY OR INVESTMENT OPPORTUNITY - OFFERED WITH NO FORWARD CHAIN - STUDIO APARTMENT - SECOND FLOOR - ATTRACTIVE COMMUNAL COURTYARD - MODERN METHOD OF AUCTION - RESERVATION FEE APPLICABLE.
A spacious and upgraded apartment within this highly sought-after over 55's development occupying a choice top floor position which is crucially offered for sale with vacant possession and no forward chain.
This spacious ground floor retirement property is available for sale on a shared ownership basis with the purchase of 75% offered. Mistral Court is an Over 60's retirement development set to the east of York and is well placed for access to varied local amenities. boasting a private entrance and...
"AUCTION SALE 18 April 2023 - Leasehold first floor flat,64 years remaining on lease,TO SELL YOUR PROPERTY IN OUR NEXT AUCTION CALL US NOW"
"NO FORWARD CHAIN - This bright, light and airy one bedroom second floor south facing retirement apartment, overlooks the beautiful and peaceful communal gardens. Homeyork House is a superb development with lifts to all floors and generous parking areas for visiting family and friends. It is perf..."
"A one bedroom 2nd floor retirement apartment, located in this enviable position within the building overlooking the beautiful communal gardens. The area of Fulford is well served by local shops and amenities whilst there are frequent Bus links to York City Centre. Homeyork House is a superb indep..."
"Superb STUDENT Investment Opportunity - Rathmell Hall on Tanner Row, York is a popular city centre accommodation choice for York students. Facilities include a FREE gym, cinema room, lounge and study room. Minster views from this popular room!"
"A one bedroom, first floor over 55’s apartment located approximately half a mile from York’s historic city walls. The property is accessed via a communal entrance hall with intercom system. There are both stairs and a lift leading to the first floor where this property is located. Upon en..."
"Located in Semley (Dorset) R M English are proud to present the NaviHo Apex, a beautifully designed house set upon a mobile base, known as a “Tiny House on Wheels.” The Tiny House movement originated in North America where it spread from coast to coast and spilled ov..."
"An excellent opportunity to purchase a well-positioned parcel of grassland extending to over 1-acre and set off Hopgrove Lane, and on the edge of the city of York. Easily accessible with good nearby road links and lends itself to livestock and equestrian grazing as well as strategic potential"
"This one-bedroom first-floor flat benefits from communal parking and gardens. The property features a private lobby and stairwell, lounge, kitchen, 1 bedroom and bathroom. "
